We ordered a sandwich and several other deli items today from Koch's and lemme tell you we loved the Sammy!

Service 6/5
The delivery woman was very nice and there was little to no leakage. 

Food 6/5
Below please find a photo of the Sammy ...We shared the Penn Sammy but we substituted spice beef instead of tongue; this double decker Sammy includes corned beef, pastrami, spice beef (in lieu of tongue), Muenster cheese (I forgot to say no cheese) coleslaw, Russian dressing on real deal rye. The meat was cut deli thin and the sandwich should be eaten in private cuz it's juicy, messy and delicious!

Koch's is also a full service deli and we ordered other items just to have for folks who wanted to make their own Sammie's.
This list included:
Chopped liver, potato salad, coleslaw, 1/2 lb each of corned beef and pastrami. We snuck a taste of the chopped liver and the potato salad. Delish!
I always wanted to try that sandwich and basically begged my bestie to share it. In the future I'd probably just order the corn beef /pastrami mixed special with two slices instead of three slices of bread. We enjoyed the Sammy none the less!
Up until 2005, Koch's would have been an easy five stars.   But in 2005 Bob Koch, last of the Koches, passed away, and the business was sold to someone else.

The food is not the same; the cold cuts are poorer quality and the sandwiches are not assembled with the same care.  Can't anyone put together a sandwich?  Maybe it sounds silly to say it, but no.  The Koches really knew sandwiches.  They were sandwich masters.  And they really cared about what they did.  The new guy, not so much.

The experience isn't the same either, because the Koch brothers aren't there.  Last time I went in, while I was waiting, I had my laptop open.  "What are you doing?" asked the owner.  Just working, I said.  "Well, it looks kind of suspicious," he said.  Yeah, and screw you too.  

The shop still has the same sign, and it still says "Koch's", but it's a lie.  Koch's is closed.

Addendum 2011-09-20: I came home from work last week and my wife said "I'm never going to Koch's again".  She had taken my daughter I. and my daughter's friend Z. to Koch's for sandwiches.  The counter guy smiled at I. and said that he liked little girls.  Then he scowled at Z. and said "But I don't like little boys."  Z. was very hurt.  He is only five.
This was a very neighbouring experience. Soon as I entered the small store, I saw to left and right of me, what looked like pictures of the staff family and friends as well as celebrities who have visted Koch's deli. 


I also saw the menu on the wall and they decided to name their hoagies after Philly Schools such as the Temple or Penn hoagie. They have this Special K hoagie which has potato salad, corned beef, turkey, pastrimi, swiss cheese and russian dressing. I was gonna try that but I figured I'll start basic and I got the gobbler which had all turkey meats, veggies and russian dressing. It was delicious and huge! you definitely can't finish it in one day!

Overall the staff was super friendly, the guy that made my sandwich was down to earth and he did a good job with explaining their selections.

Prices are a little steep but worth it. It's a treat you give yourself, I pretty much paid about 16.00. So if your in the area come to Koch's deli to grab a unique sandwich and have a unique sandwich experience.
Thanks for the tip Meredith. HOLY CRAP does this place know how to make a sammich! they are hands down the best Jewish Deli in Philly and give great service every step of the way. and not only did the sandwich maker make my sammich to perfection, he was friendly and cool enough to tell me some things about stuff on my street that I had no idea about.

If you like your sammiches piled high with meat than this is by far the place for you. their catchphrase is "More Meat for Less Bread" and their dead on. The turkey pastrami was piled high on my potato bread. The lettuce was fresh and came from a good sized head. the hot peppers and fried onions hit the spot. and the cooler had awesome sodas from Jones and Dr. Browns (The celery soda was better than I thought it would be.). Next time I come here I'm going to have to order the Whitefish sammich so I can report back to Aaron (and I might just have to pile on some nova lox in the process). And I'm going to have to go for one of those awesome sounding blintzes too. SAMMICHES!
This place is known for good deli slices and I guess they're okay, but the sandwiches aren't grilled they're toasted in these weird toaster ovens that I've sure would've been genius in the seventies, but now they seem like cheap Quizno's knock-offs.  The bread is good and the staff is friendly even when there's a wait... but meh.
This place might have the worst customer service I've ever been to.  I waited for 10 minutes in front of the counter and no one even said hello or wanted to take my order.  3 employees just stood there and were making sandwiches at their own slow pace.  

Another customer came in asking if everyone had ordered, we said no, stared at the employees and then left.  What a waste of time.  This place has gone downhill ever since Koch died.  Never again!
THIS, friends, is what I will recall about Philadelphia. (okay, so I didn't really do much while I was in town, besides sit around eating alcoholic watermelon -which i will also look back on fondly- in my friend's apartment, but don't let that subtract from the significance of my visit to Koch's).

Sandwiches, right? They're good! 
And they're really big and fresh and made with a little attitude and a dollop of history (for which I am totally a sucker...i'm from the west coast for the love of god. we have like, 10 years of history) and in particular, the sweet peppers!! how have i not delighted in sweet peppers on my sandwiches yet in my life? shit is good!

and i kinda liked being bossed around and patronized when I asked what my cheese options were. clearly i'm a novice. but a hoagie novice no more!

dang philly!
So, after waiting in traffic and driving here from the northeast we finally got to Koch's. The place is teeny tiny and there are only three chairs. We were greeted by a woman at the other end of the shop who took our orders.

The man slicing meat in the front put some pastrami and corned beef out which was kind of cool.  I ordered a corned beef special, the sandwich itself was pretty good, not as huge as some others I've had but still decent.

Now for why I gave it two stars. This place takes FOREVER to make a sandwich, apparently they are known for this!!! Who in their right mind would get a deli sandwich that took an hour and a half to make! It doesn't even need to cook!! There were 4 people behind the counter and it looked like only one was making the sandwiches. I heard the staff talking to each other about someone canceling their order because it was taking to0 long. This is an insane way to run a business and I'm not sure how they are still standing. The staff was nice enough but it shouldn't take an hour and a half to make a sandwich, not even the samples helped the matter. Also not only did it take forever to make but it was like $11 for my sandwich which is pricey to being with. Not sure how the college kids are affording it on campus. I hadn't eaten in preparation of coming here and by the time it took to make the sandwich I was not only starving but had a migraine.

Your corned beef isn't bad but sorry guys, never again.
Koch's has been around so long, since 1962 I think, I don't know if there's anything else I could write that someone else hasn't written.
I only just discovered a year ago while taking a walk in my daughters neighborhood. 
Although I know I forgot to check in a few times I've been there at least six times in 2019-20. 
My face had a big smile on it when I first entered this establishment in 2019. I had stumbled upon a truly great (food wise) Jewish deli in the heart of West Philly adjacent To University City. 

Yes, they are expensive. Comparable to Manhattan pricing. But if you get beyond the prices you'll realize that you'll get at least two meals out of one sandwich. If you pair it with their surprisingly reasonably priced side of macaroni salad, coleslaw or potato salad you can get 4 meals.

And YES the inside although clean looks like its not been changed  since they opened in i think 1962. 
(disclaimer: i speak of previous times inside. None during Covid) 

The reason I come here is this place has the "city" Jewish deli vibe that is different than suburban delis.     And i dig that!

The man that works the counter I assume is the owner and he has sandwich making down to a science. My items are always well packaged and double bagged. They include plenty of napkins which is good because their sandwiches are overstuffed. They also include utensils. 
because I think he remembers that I'm driving home with it. 
He just has that sense about him that he remembers customers.
*** Special shout out to this business during COVID-19. Every imaginable precaution was taken. There were signs to not enter. The same sign requested that you maintain a safe distance of 6 feet if outside.As I stood outside i could see everything. I was able to order through the plate glass window And we could hear each other. The man making the food wiped down the counter with a pristine rag and then put on a fresh pair of gloves to make my items. 

I have loved every single item I have ordered here. Every sandwich has been memorable. Every side item has been tasty and fresh
Koch's is open 7 days a week for at least 9 hours a day.  It's totally worth your while to try.
Stopped in to Koch's before hitting up the local bar to watch the Flyers game. Upon entering, we were greeted with a dingy, cramped stereotypical "old school" food spot - typically a great indicator. Quickly we became accustomed to the theatrics of the maestro of the deli: uncharmingly poking fun at customers, encouraging us to try bits of meats and cheeses, casual racism, etc etc. After being made clear that there would be a wait because of a large order, we prepared ourselves. About 40 minutes later, our orders were called. Unfortunately, one of our sandwich orders was very wrong, but a replacement was quickly prepared. We took our sandwiches to the bar around the corner and grabbed some beers. 

I got the reuben. No additions or changes, right off the menu. Opened up the sloppily wrapped sandwich to discover an even more sloppily prepared sandwich. I get a reuben is piled high with all layers, but this was ridiculous. The proportions were all wrong and were falling out of the now soggy very average rye. After eating what I could of the crumbling sandwich, I was hoping the pickle would save the experience, but it was a poor excuse for a pickle. 

Sorry for the rant, but I will not be returning and never would recommend this deli to anyone.
Honestly?  Came here on a whim because a UPenn alum said he came here all the time.  He would know, right?  Mos def.  Hole in the wall with space just enough for you, the sandwiches, and the sandwich maker, I can see how the line can go out the door without much effort of a lunch rush.  

We ordered a slew of hoagies for a bunch of people and we were all very satisfied.  Honestly, I don't think you can go wrong with anything on their menu.  They make their subs big, large, and huge, and they seem to taste great no matter what at an irrelevant price.  I mean, I'm saying this after one visit but their walls are covered with years and decades old letters, newspaper clips, articles, photos of customers past, praising Koch's. 

Koch's rocks.  No doubt.
Really enjoy the food here, but the service can best be described as catastrophic failure.

The sandwiches are creative with good meats and cheeses and hefty portions. A nice selection of classic Jewish deli extras such as black and white cookies, potato chips, cole slaw, potato salad, and Dr. Browns sodas are also more than welcome.

The service, or lack thereof, is actually shocking. With 2 men behind the deli counter and almost nobody in the deli it takes about 30-40 minutes to receive your sandwich. Additionally the two men behind the counter took 3-4 phone calls for orders before addressing me in person, probably adding significantly to my wait time as well.

In sum, I'd love to have this catered to me, but I wouldn't want to wait to eat here again.
Remember when Cliff birthed a hoagie during a dream sequence on "The Cosby Show?"  If I could spawn a hoagie, it would be like one from Koch's.  Their sandwiches are the stuff of dreams.  
You've gotta get them with everything.  If you don't, you'll not only miss out on a condiment flavor explosion...but the managers may degrade you and your undressed sandwich by calling it a "Wawa hoagie"......snap!
my past sandwiches from here have been tasty and crafted with care.  indeed, a few months ago, I was entertained watching the owner/chef playfully talk with customers as they patiently waited for their order. 

this review is for today's unfortunate & entirely avoidable incident. 
with 2 children & 4 adults long overdue for lunch, I called a multi-sandwich order in @ 2:30 & was told to pick up in 30-45 mins. at 3:30, I walked in to pick up the order. told that it was ready & just putting pickles in the bag, I waited for 5 mins.  after a customer was served, I asked how much longer it would take & was told they were ringing me up. another 5-8 minutes, another customer served. 
at this point, since no one from behind the counter said anything- I walked out. (still hungry, now angry, 1 hour & 15 minutes after my call order)

the Koch owner/chef called 10 minutes later to say my order was ready.  I told him I was not coming back to get them since they were not ready when I was there beyond their promised time & that no one was considerate enough to tell me what was going on. I complimented him on his delicious sandwiches & told him I had a hungry bunch to feed & would have appreciated more communication if something was delaying my order. 

without missing a beat, no apologies nor admission that anything was his fault, he said he could not sell to me anymore!  cheeky fellow!
I told him that if this is how he treats customers, I will happily take my money elsewhere!  
I like food with attitude but detest rude and unprofessional service!  
so long cocky man from Koch Deli!

ps: I wish I didn't need a star to post this.  What happened today devalues that 1 star!!!
My wife and I went for sandwiches Sat night to tailgate at the Mann for a concert.  The guy running the place couldn't have been nicer to us.  Food was amazing. We will definitely be back!!!
My wife had the hot pastrami special and i had the Univ of Sciences club on rye.
What started out as mildly inappropriate innuendo from one of the employees quickly turned into explicitly homophobic language. I was shocked! Won't be coming back here.
It's small and tucked away in an unassuming street.   Parking can be difficult and the wait during lunch time can be at least 10mins until you can order however it's soo worth the wait.

They have amazing deli meats here.  Roasted honey turkey never tasted so good.  My personal favorite is the "restaurant school" gobbler on a hoagie.  It's a mix of several different deli meats, jalapeno cheese, coleslaw and russian dressing.  It is HUGE and so full of flavor.  It costs about $13 but usually lasts me for 2 meals.  Comes with pickles which are super fresh and crunchy.

There's biggest seller is the pastrami however I never get the chance to order it because every time I can't resist getting my favorite.

Pros
- amazing deli meats
- many many "specialty" sandwiches to choose from with amazing juxtaposition of tastes
- russian dressing is da bomb

Cons
- bit pricey at $13 for a hoagie (however worth it)
- parking is difficult
- be patient b/c the wait can last at least 15mins in peak times.

However overall this is the BEST deli place I've ever been to.   Protip to avoid lines can call to order or via Yelp app.
Finally made it out here...the sandwiches are monstrous, delicious and could feed at least 5 small children. Koch's has a great old-time deli feel; they pass out slices of corned beef and cheese to us as we wait in line for their masterpieces. All the signed photos, cards, and awards are a testament to their greatness.

I got the Penn sandwich...mmm...corned beef, pastrami, tongue, sweet muenster, cole slaw, russian dressing on rye. Figuring out how to take the first bite should require a corp of army engineers for safety's sake...because you can't unhinge your jaw.

anyways, I went around 12:30 on a weekday, and it took ~35 minutes to order and get out the door with a feast in hand. it didn't help that some guy had pre-ordered some 30 sandwiches.
I have been to Koch's twice and sampled 4 sandwiches.  The first time   I overlooked a lot because the food was just so damn good.  The second time the food was not that good as the meat was fatty and the orders were not correct.  It caused me to look at the place with a more critical eye.

First of all the place is a real dump.  Dirty.  Prep area filled with the days worth of food remnants.  Deli case also dirty with contents just dumped on the shelves.  Dessert section piled with uncovered food and used wrappings.
Several people have talked about the friendly service.  That was an experience I certainly missed.  No greeting, no pleasantries and a barking whose next was the extent of the conversation.
I think that this joint is lucky to have the reputation that it does and have a ton of hungry students as customers because it sure is not welcoming or that good. I may go back but I am not going out of my way to beg them for their food anytime soon.
I lost my Koch's virginity today. 

My Koch's virginity persisted despite my roomie (Kevin S) giving it a 5 star in December. I have always biked past this place without a second glance.  Granted it has an assuming exterior, but once inside you are transported back in time to a piece of West Philly history.

Following a softball game victory, we ended up here on suggestion of one of our teammates.

First, if you can, make sure you call in advance. My friend had the hookup and they greased the preparation so our sandwich would come in 30 minutes and not 45 minutes.

The wait is pretty entertaining though. I had the counterman banter with me about my Koch virginity, the California Governor (lots of Arnie accented quotes), and kept calling for me to take samples of pastrami, garlic cheese and pickles (And as a grad student, free food is always high on my menu).

Once the sandwich came, I was impressed by how much it had packed in it. The Honey  Turkey club sandwich was packed with turkey, lettuce, tomatoes.....just a sandwich galore!

And just like the first time, you want it again and again-same applies to Koch's in the future for me. And Koch's at least will not cost you a first or second date and blown money on flowers/chocolates etc.  Just $10 bucks and you are in sandwich ecstasy.
Been here a few more times since the last review and every time I like it more.  Of course it's not fancy, it's a little deli with some kitschy little wall decors and tons of letters from across the years.  No tables, obviously, but that's not the reason you come here, anyway.  The guys behind the counter here are really some of the most egregrious and friendly shop owners/workers around and they really go the extra mile to make your sandwich just the way you like it.  They'll even make recommendations (or basically force you..) to have what they believe is the better choice of (something).. like the time my boyfriend got the Jewish Hoagie and they put garlic cheese on it.. and it was sooooo good (the cheese part anyway, the only part of that sandwich I can have, haha).  

They'll also force ham samples and cheese and pickles on you.  As if they really needed to do that..

Ezra and the other regular workers here are just so nice.  They make it a fun experience to go and oh yeah, the sandwiches are probably bigger than my head. I think I made a rule sometimes long ago not to attempt to eat something of that size, but it's hard to get around that here.  

They are absolutely stuffed to the max with whatever it is you ordered and then some.
Been going here occasionally for over 10 years and finally decided it's not worth it - the insane wait, overhearing them insult customers, "menu prices" and finally the damn cheese-steaks were cold when I got home this time. It was a LOT better before Bob's passing. What's left is a pile of meat being managed by a bunch of schmucks. Go to Greek Lady or Zesto on 40th St.
This place used to be great when the last Koch brother Bobby Koch was alive.  Now it has turned into every other takeout place in this neighborhood.  There used to be no delivery and they should keep it that way.  I mistakenly ordered deliver from this place thinking I wouldn't have to wait in a long line(which is crazy that there is still a long line at this place).  They told me 45 minutes, when they could have just told be it would actually take 1 hour and 33 minutes. Over twice as long.  Not sure what the new owners are doing but beware this place also skimps out. They no longer make Bobby Koch sized hoagies anymore they are just the same as everywhere else now so please don't waste your time or double the money to go to this very poorly run establishment.
I ate lunch here today for the first time, and have to say, it was an interesting experience. The shop itself appears a little run-down and beaten-up, but the awards and accolades along with the pictures of the owners give it a sweet charm. It really feels like a genuine Jewish deli - and you don't see that many places in Philly. 

My negatives were that a couple menu items were unavailable, and LevelUp no longer is functioning here. However, the food and service were great. I got a sample of "honey turkey" and then had to have it for my hoagie! I shared the hoagie with a friend, and it was the perfect-sized lunch for both of us. 

I will probably be back again some time soon to try something different!
About 4-5 years ago, a person I knew got their sandwich from Koch's.

I used to be so annoyed by the waiting time, and the lack of places to sit while waiting for your order. I did like how they got down to business with a order placed. 

The final outcome was a large-filling sandwich, with a long wait, lack of seating, and semi-attentive staff.

I haven't been back in a long time due to the fact that I'm not in the area as much and I don't have a craving for their food. It's an aiight sandwich shop to be fair.
Worth a return? Yes, after 20+ years away, they still are the wizards of the sandwich
Worth a 30 minute drive?  Yes 
Worth a flight?  I live in San Francisco--this is still a place I will dream of

Had the PCOM, as I used to many years ago as a student at Penn.  It's sort of an everything sandwich, for someone who can't decide between a traditional meat (corned beef) or salad (chicken)--because it has both!  It was still great in all the ways I love it to be.

Due to the many reviews expounding on the pastrami--yup it is now my new favorite.  It is indeed fragrant, moist, and not too salty.  Far better than Katz's or any place on the west coast.

On a Wednesday at 2 pm, there was no line and service was as friendly as ever.
Having visited Koch's a few times with positive experiences while doing business in Philly, I was extremely disappointed with the service that I received tonight. I placed an order on GrubHub and showed up 30 minutes later per the emailed confirmation. There were two people who were already having their sandwiches made. 10 minutes later,  I finally had to speak up and inquire if my pre-paid to go order was ready. They hadn't even started my order (40 minutes after I placed it). I asked if I should wait longer before coming in for pick up in the future and they said no. Apparently, they took that as something it wasn't.

I heard the older man telling the younger one repeatedly "you forgot the mayonnaise" as they were preparing my sandwich. After I left, I found the sandwich to be completely loaded with mayonnaise and Russian dressing to the extent that it had devoured the entire paper bag that was inside the plastic bag.

It's clear that if you aren't some touristy type kissing their ass or listening to their sexist comments, they demolish your over-priced sandwich. $10.95 for PCOM that was drenched in dressing???

I would have gone back to ask for a refund IF I had paid FULL PRICE, but given that I had used a $5 GrubHub promo code and only paid $6- and the previous time paid less than $2 for my PCOM with a $10 GH Yummy Rummy code, I figured I was getting a deal even though I had to scrape the sandwich multiple times just to eat it. 

Poor service and attitude combined with staff who spout out the same dated jokes to the customers while they take FOREVER to make your sandwich make this place worth going back if the $11 sandwich is $6 or less and all of the sauces are on the side + free samples.

SAVE YOUR TIME AND $$$ UPENN students- $5 GrubHub coupon with $10 purchase- unique email address not used on site before. Code: NEWCHEWS (putting up with all of the crap is a lot easier when your getting a great discount from them).
Having lived in New York for several years, I get a bit nostalgic for Jewish deli fare every now and again. It looks like Koch's is a great place to get my fix! 

Their whitefish salad, egg salad, and chopped liver are fresh and mind-bogglingly delicious. And now that I can't get my savory treats on rye bread any more (thanks, gluten intolerance!), I'm happy to know that they'll make me a delicious lettuce wrap with their heavenly egg salad, onions and sweet peppers. I'm looking forward to trying as many items on their wall list as possible.
Hit or miss.
Called and ordered a Nova and cream cheese .
They told me it was going to be a while . I waited half an hour and went to pick up my sandwich .
The guy wouldn't even make eye contact with me just said "you're out of luck , we don't have any Nova"
I live around the corner and eat here because it's convenient. Ezra is a good dude/ sandwich maker.
I probably won't be back for a while.
I seriously don't get all the 5 star ratings. Maybe it's just that I'm from NY and so I'm comparing this to myriad good delis and not just a Subway, but this place serves up some incredibly mediocre sandwiches - seriously, the meat had labels indicating that it's just Butterball brand and the bread was basically tasteless.  In fairness, putting potato salad on the sandwich was simultaneously novel and classic, but adding a bunch of non extraordinary ingredients together in a mildly different way does not yield an extraordinary sandwich.  Sure the sandwiches were piled high, but honestly it wasn't that overstuffed as I had no problem wrapping my jaw around it and I personally like a higher bread:meat ratio - not less meat, just more bread as well. 

I wouldn't have been so dissatisfied, however, if I didn't have to wait on line for 20 minutes (one single single person in front of me, one single person) while listening to the guy behind the counter say a bunch of straight up sexist and offensive things.  He did feed random meats/pickles while you waited, but it became so uncomfortable to have each offer prefaced by a sexist comment that I just stopped taking them after a while.
Im a sucker for good deli sandwiches. Koch's represents a dying breed of traditional delis that doesnt fail to deliver. The guy running the shop is also super cool! Very friendly and inviting which makes the place that much better.

We had the italian and restaurant special, and i still have dreams of coming back here to grab another one. (Im from boston but frequently come back to Philly).
In my opinion, the price is alittle too high for my liking (about 12 bucks for one of their many specialty sandwiches). They do give you generous portions of freshly cut deli meats though, with half of one of their sandwiches potentially filling you up (although I usually finish my whole sandwich).

My main caution for those trying out this place is that they usually add too much coleslaw or Russian or original mayo making the sandwiches too creamy and overpowering for the taste buds.  I believe you can simply ask for less sauce or coleslaw to correct this issue.  

I don't recommend storing the sandwich for more than one day as it gets soggy pretty quickly with the amount of sauce they pack into each sandwich.  

Ordering out will take about 30 min while going in person will depend on how many ppl are there waiting. Otherwise a quality deli with quality meats!
Horrible service. Ordered a sandwich online came to pick it up an hour later and it wasn't finished. Over the phone ordering the person is rude and inconsiderate. Also charged my credit card for an additional sandwich. That alone takes away any satisfaction garnered from their sandwiches...never eating here again.
Definitely more than three stars (but not yet 4, because I haven't been there enough to clearly gauge).  

Walked here today with our dogs and ordered the corned beef sandwich for my boyfriend and a whitefish sub for me.  There were at least 5 people ahead of me but it only took about 10-13 minutes to get our food.  Being my first time there, the man working there was really nice and helpful to the both of us.  And he even gave us a free sample of the corned beef (which I handed over to my boyfriend).  

The bag it was bagged in was quite hefty and they even wrapped a pickle for us.  Awesome.  How good were the sandwiches?  If nothing else, filling!  The whitefish salad was really good and I'll have to go back and try some of the other (very diverse) options.
This is an amazing, personal experience in a shop with history and great food. The sandwich maker makes his sandwiches one at a time, and there appears to be only one maker at a time. He is gruff but incredibly personal. No problem at all. He gives little tasters of what he's cutting up, so you have an understanding of the whole operation. I even learned about some cheeses I was previously unfamiliar with like the Sweet Munchee. 

It's an outstanding little Kosher-style deli. I would recommend this to anyone who is unfamiliar with a Kosher-style deli. You can get great deli at Herschels too, but this is a true experience on its own. 

Anyone who rates this under 5 stars has no soul. You cannot find a better place to put your money or your mouth. I would come out here even if I misheard you, I'd be out the door before you could correct me.
Koch's used to be a great deli before the original owners passed away. Now the sandwiches are tiny compared to how the used to be and the service sucks. Definitely a let down and I won't be back.
Goodness gracious... the sammies at Koch's are the size of your head! The first time I went to Koch's, I had an insatiable craving for my favorite --- a veggie hoagie with all the fixin's. What I received was the most massive veggie hoag I have ever attempted to devour in my whole entire life. I could only finish half of it and even that was a challenge, and I had enough leftovers for a hearty lunch the following day. The prices of their sandwiches are extremely affordable and the staff is always friendly. You may have to wait longer than usual for your sandwich to be made, but trust me. It is worth the wait.
Koch made his sandwiches in West Philly for -- I'm gonna ballpark this -- probably about forty years, earning himself a tremendous following of people from the city and the burbs. (I know a guy who used to drive in several days a week from the Main Line just for one of those towering sandwiches). Sadly, Bob Koch passed away over a year ago, but his sandwich shop continues to function down on Locust Street, and people still form enormous lines on Saturday afternoons.

The lure of Koch's has always really been the atmosphere. As you stood in that tremendous line (I've waited as long as 40 minutes for a sandwich), everyone was always surprisingly glad to be there, waiting, schmoozing about meat and, maybe, sports. Koch used to pass around samples of his meats and cheeses and pickles and everyone would say how incredible it all was. It was the sort of scene you'd have expected in another time, when people didn't lead such damn hectic lives.

It's not the same place without Bob Koch there, but I'm glad to report that the Israeli guys who took over have really made an effort to continue the Koch tradition. Nothing in the interior of the narrow sandwich shop has changed, not the pictures on the wall, not the handwritten amendments to the sandwich menu that hangs above the meat slicers. I was in there with my dad right after the takeover and they weren't handing out meat. My dad told them that Koch always used to send around freebies, and a bunch of folks in the line echoed my father's words. The next time I went in there, though, the new Israeli owners had mastered free meat schtick.

Koch's has a ton of very original sandwiches on its menu, but I almost always order a hot brisket sandwich with fried onions. A corned-beef sandwich is another great option, if, like me, you prefer to stick to the simple classics. But regardless of what you order, you can be sure that Koch's will make you a towering sandwich, composed of the best deli meats, cheeses and breads.

An easy five stars, no matter who's running the show.
today, i went in while i was waiting for my laundry to be done.
the longest time i have ever had to wait for a chicken cheesesteak.
and it wasn't even that great.
i guess they bake it? instead of grilling it.
it was weird.
if i go back, ill get a regular sandwich, i think they'll turn out better.
Overrated and painfully slow. Ordered a sandwich for pickup, an hour later, it wasn't ready and had to stand around for 30 minutes while he made other sandwiches before making mine. If you have all day to stand around waiting for a subpar hoagie, go for it.

Also, I know people who tried to have Koch's cater a work event and they were three hours late. Effectively, missing the event entirely. Who even does that?
I waited 27 minutes for hot brisket on rye... The brisket was pretty good but the service was frustratingly slow and the place is borderline dump.
Although I like that the sandwiches are bigger than your head and they are certainly delicious, I find this place gets slightly more esteem than it deserves.  It's certainly good but essentially a deli - no more magically than any other I've seen.  

I will say I find the people that work there friendly and helpful.  Lunchtime brings a big crowd so be prepared to wait a bit.  The line moves fast and you'll be rewarded with a huge sandwich for a completely reasonable price.  I only wish there was a place to sit after purchasing - even if only a few more tables outside.
The absolute best. Period. I have never had a sandwich like I had from Koch's in my life. They are large and extremely delicious. They have great specialty sandwiches, but if you want something simple they can make that too. Heck, they'll make you anything you want. Eat Koch's and enjoy. Your arteries won't forget it, and you won't regret it.
the most absurd sandwiches you will ever encounter.  and i mean that in the best way possible.  these babies are crafted with care and it shows. i've never been during lunch, so i can't vouch for the service then, but otherwise the staff is fantastic, very sweet and chatty.  in fact, just yesterday, while waiting for my turkey reuben, i had the pleasure of learning about the 2 different sides of the aluminum foil they use to wrap  the sammies in.  go to koch's, you may just learn something.
LOL 
took basically an hour for 3 sandwiches to make
what i like about this place is that they are really friendly
like any other reviews you read.. you wait FOEVER for your sandwich?
at least they feed me while i was waiting!!! 
i think i like that part better than the sandwich itself. 
but its a place you need to try if you want something different when waiting for your sandwich
The food is good.  the wait is far too long and the customer service is horrible. Last time I will go here.
30 years ago, I lived in Indianapolis with my brother, we loved the Jewish deli in our neighborhood...Koch's reminds me of Shapiro's Deli. It is also old fashioned deli with cute signs "Patience is a virtue". This is a take out establishment, many orders phoned in or placed online. I was a walk- in and waited 10 or so minutes for my sandwich. I tried the Vegetarian Cheese steak and he sauteed onions and green peppers. I also had the Diet Dr Brown's soda, just like Shapiro's and deli salad (potato salad and macaroni salad.). All sandwiches come with two kosher pickle spears to my delight. I thought my food was delicious and worth the 10 minute wait. I cannot wait to return to try another sandwich or hoagie.
after hearing so much about this deli from a few friends i decided today would be the day i'd venture out and give them a try. im very familiar with the area and knew parking would be an issue but after a few trips around the block i lucked out and got a spot directly in front of the store. the store is very tiny and quaint. when i walked in there was just one person waiting. the deli definitely gives the feeling of being "old timey" and eclectic.

i ordered the 'university of the sciences' double decker which is basically a club sandwich with ham, turkey, lettuce, tomatoes, and swiss cheese on rye bread. the sandwich was typical club sandwich fare. it didnt boast spectacular flavor. in all honesty, i think i could have gotten a sandwich of equal quality and size at any wawa in the city. now, if you want more specialty sandwiches like reubens or tongue etc then koch's absolutely has a better selection than a big box like wawa. overall the sandwich was okay. i probably wouldnt go back there unless i happened to be in the area. its not the type of place that you have to go out of your way to go to bcuz the food is just fantastic.

as others before have mentioned, this place is SLOOOOOOOW. if youre in even the slightest rush do not eat here. also, i have to admit that i was a bit concerned about food storage practices and also the gentleman's (i assume he was the owner) very carefree attitude towards hygiene. i am a stickler for good hygiene practices so while i was pleased to see him wearing gloves i was displeased to see him making sandwiches AND operating the register with the same pair of gloves on. too many people in food service dont realize once you touch something other than food you need to change your gloves. in any case, i let this slide, although i now regret it. i will not be going back to koch's or should i say the place that USED to be koch's since the real koch's have passed away. i also cannot recommend this restaurant to anyone. its just not that good.
This is God's sandwich. 

The pastrami is to die for. With cheese. On rye. With mustard. 

I go there once a week
I haven't had one of these sandwiches in years (about 7 years now, I think), but my oh my they were good.  The Drexel was my favorite.  The milkshakes are to die for as well.  This is not a place to diet, this is a get fat and enjoy your food kind of place with huge fattening sandwiches.  Note, there is no seating, just go in, stand in line, get your food and take it somewhere else to eat.
Not coming back. When I went in today, I was not even acknowledged with a hello. I think one of the other sandwich makers was on break, because he was sitting on a seat next to me while I patiently waited for another customer who was having their sandwich made. Another customer enters and this guy asks them what they wanted to order. No thanks, not coming back. Paying $10 for a sandwich and having poor customer service is not good at all.
Warning: once you've experienced Koch's, you'll never look at sandwiches the same way again! Seriously, it's that good. I really can't say anything that hasn't already been said numerous times in much better reviews than I am capable of writing, but I will sum it up for you in three words: Koch's is awesome. This not an ordinary deli, it is a west Philadelphia landmark. It almost doesn't matter what I order; if it's on the menu it will taste good. 

Most sandwiches will set you back eight to ten bucks, but it's well worth it. You can't get this quality anywhere else. The portions are huge and all the ingredients are as fresh as can be. If you don't know what you want, talk to the staff. They are knowledgeable, friendly, and know what they're doing. This deli is takeout only, although there are tables and chairs outside. There is free parking across the street in the CVS lot.
I would put this place on par with some of the best kosher deli's I've eaten at.

The owner Mr Sabbatt is friendly and quite a character. While I was waiting for my Reuben he offered me free samples; pickles, shaved ham, shaved roast beef & provolene cheese.

He told me he had been in business for 65 years.

The Reuben was exceptional, it was perfect, it was delicious with fresh ingredients.

The only down side is there is no dine in option.
Seriously? Why did it take me so long to find you, my love. So good.

Growing up in New York, I've had my share of some of the best Jewish deli's in the world. Now, I'm not saying this is as good as those, but that's mainly because it's more of a sandwich shop, than it is a full blown deli.

But seriously! There sandwiches are radonkulous. It's not just that they are tasty, but they have outrageous combinations.

I got the Restaurant School Special. Check it. Corned Beef. Yum. Honey Turkey. Yum. Brisket of beef. Yum. Hot Pepper Cheese. Yum. Coleslaw. Goodness. Slap on some Russian dressing. All this in a triple decker marble rye bread. Yeah, you know it, radonkulous!!!

They didn't have much in sides. macaroni salad, coleslaw, and potato salad, and a couple of other things like pickles and Kosher tomatoes. I got the mac salad. It was as good as you can get.

They had a few interesting deserts. We got the orange cake and chocolate cheesecake. They tasted pretty good. But my main hangup, and main reason for giving them four stars and not five, is they wrapped them in wax paper. I mean, how stupid is that? The good stuff came off and was all over the wax paper.

So, go get them sandwiches, but if you're doing delivery, save your money on the deserts.
1. Show up at Koch's
2. Order the Jewish Hoagie
3. Marvel at the amount of meat and ingredients loaded on
4. Tell yourself there is no way you can eat the entire sandwich
5. Do it anyways
6. Love/hate yourself for eating the whole delicious sandwich
7. Repeat and wish this spot wasn't in the middle of nowhere
Canceled order after waiting for forty five minutes at the Penn ball park. They could not find it?

Oh well. Guess it's Jimmy Johns.
This place is kinda nuts. It takes a million years to get a sandwich, but it's fun if you have the time to deal with it. The ingredients are not premium, they are pretty mediocre quality, but it's the best sandwich of cheap ingredients I have ever had. Each sandwich is made with love, which tastes great. I don't have the time or patience to deal with this place on a regular basis, but they are not hurting for customers either.
Amazing food. Must try!! 
Go to Koch's Deli. It's a West Philly institution, been open for over 40 years. Keep small businesses open, support the locals.
This is a difficult review to write. On one hand, the sandwiches are really really good. Especially the hot pastrami. And the staff are entertaining and like to give samples, but when I call in an order, and am told it will be ready in 30 minutes, and when I come at the allotted time to find there is only a small group of people placing up an order right in front of me, and have to wait another 30 minutes because that's the order that is getting worked on now? What was going on before they got in? In those 30 minutes? I know that once I forget about the ridiculous waiting time and I crave their hot pastrami, I'll be back. But if they could be on point with their timing of orders, I would probably come back a lot sooner and more often.
Had heard very good things about this place. Went on a Saturday @ 2 o'clock and was the only person in there. Owner (I'm assuming) looked at me like I was causing an inconvenience while he went back to what he was doing, then I proceeded to stand there for 30 minutes without ordering. About 20 minutes in he told me he would be with me shortly as they were busy, but after 10 more minutes of twiddling my thumbs I figured I can get a better overpriced sandwich somewhere else. I can understand getting a little backed up with online orders and other things, but don't let a customer stand there for half an hour while barely acknowledging them.
After blatantly ignoring suggestions to try Koch's deli from friends for nearly 5 months, myself and the misses decided to stop in after work for a sandwich. I immediately wanted to slap myself for depriving my stomach of some of the most delicious deli meats and cheese I've ever tasted. There were no other customers when we got there which from the looks of some of the other reviews is a rare occurrence. We were greeted immediately and I told the gentlemen behind the counter that this was our first time to their deli, much to their delight as all the workers raucously harassed us about being a couple of virgins. We were invited to the counter as they pulled meat after meat out of the cooler and handed us thick, tender, juicy slices of (insert every deli meat you can think of and some that you never heard of here). I opted for the corn beef special with garlic cheese and the lady went with roast beef with horseradish cheddar on a recommendation....not that we needed them after the deli meat extravaganza. The sandwiches were phenomenal and we both had half a sandwich left for lunch the next day. 

Before we left my girlfriend was told to call her father to let him know that she lost her virginity and made us vow to bring more virgins for them to deflower. 

Good times + great food = 5 stars
One of the best delis I've visited in Philadelphia, and certainly the best in the West Philadelphia region (move over, Stan's!) The food here is sublime.

I've been to Koch's several times, and have always been satisfied. It's true that it can take a while to make the sandwich (and the cramped shop doesn't help in that regard), but the staff does provide free samples of meats, cheeses, and vegetables (pickles, onion slices) while waiting for the food, so it goes quickly. Plus, the food is worth the wait. The meats and cheeses are all top quality and very fresh, and with the dozens of different combination sandwiches, there's something for everyone.

I alternate between getting the Jewish hoagie, a mountain of meats and cheeses that is absolutely delicious to eat, and the Sid & Fran Koch's Special, a whitefish salad sandwich with slices of lox and something called munchee cheese. Both sandwiches are fantastic, and they make wonderful lunches. 

Prices are a little bit more than other delis like Nelson's and Stan's, but you get what you pay for. In my mind, the higher quality of the food is worth it.

I look forward to continuing to patronize Koch's and to continue to try their many offerings.
I just moved to West Philadelphia, so I can't compare the new owners of Koch's to the previous ones. I generally don't like sandwiches, but my boyfriend and I walked in one day and I have been coming back about once a week ever since. Some other reviewers have mentioned the long wait time, and that the same amount of care is not put into the sandwiches after the ownership changed. Every time I have gone, the wait time was long, about 15-20 minutes, but that was because the guy behind the counter put an insane amount of love into my Reuben. He doesn't slap all the ingredients together, but he heats the meat, cheese, and sauerkraut together so the flavors soak into one another. I don't mind waiting a few extra minutes if it is the difference between on ok and an amazing sandwich. The prices are a bit high ($10 a sandwich), but when you consider how massive they are, it is not too bad.
I just finished my meal, and I'm really annoyed. 

First things first- the sandwich I ordered was absolutely delicious. I got the Hot Pastrami, and it melted in my mouth. However, there was no mustard on my sandwich, like I requested. And I was incredibly disappointed by how puny the sandwich was. Reading all the reviews, I fully expected to eat half for lunch and half for dinner. For a $12 sandwich, I'd BETTER be full! I was so so disappointed with the size...the sandwich was not worth the money at all.

The sandwich maker was incredibly friendly when he called and said they were out of Muenster like I'd wanted. The delivery guy was awesome- so nice! 

All of this would have been okay, if not for one other thing. I ordered a large chocolate chip cookie. I don't know why they could call me to tell me they ran out of Muenster, but couldn't be bothered to tell me that they *also* ran out of chocolate chip cookies. That has to be the only explanation for why they, without any explanation, replaced my cookie with a large Black & White cookie instead. I HATE Black & White cookies- I always have. I am so annoyed! I was definitely looking forward to that sweet finish after a semi-disappointing meal. 

I probably won't order for delivery from Koch's again- I'd prefer to go in-store. The lack of attention to detail was frustrating.
Well, if nothing else, the sandwiches here are piled high with every ingredient you would wish to desire.  Exactly what to get if you want to get stuffed to the gills.  

Staff is super-friendly and handing out samples as you wait, but don't take too long, or the customers behind you, moreso than the staff, will get mad.
Koch's hot pastrami sandwich is fragrant and delicious.  Though the shop wasn't very busy, it was a bit of a wait for the sandwich as the pastrami was gently heated up.  They offered us free samples (very tasty!) as we waited so it was pretty painless.

Food is great, service is friendly -- can't wait to go back to Koch's!
I've biked past this place dozens of times and had no idea that it was so damn good. It wasn't until I saw Koch's in the DP did I decide that I needed to check it out. And since then I haven't been disappointed.

The sandwich I almost get is the Corned Beef Special. While the bread looks small, it is stuffed to capacity with delicious meat. I usually ask for less dressing though, in my humble opinion, I feel like Koch's tends to over do the dressing just a little bit. 

There are plenty of one star reviews for service, but if you take a look at it, it's all about waiting for food. It's a popular deli manned by only a couple people. What do you expect? Koch's asks that you call ahead and for good reason. 

The guys at Koch's are real friendly and almost always offer free samples. The meat is of amazing quality and sampling will let you know what you really want today.
Giving this place 4 stars for ambiance, friendliness, service and the fact that it is a Philly icon. Did not make it here in my undergrad days but checked it out when visiting the Penn campus recently. Unlike most cheesesteak places, they have a somewhat strange, slow process that involves putting the meat and cheese in a grill that looks a lot like a toaster oven. I'm a vegetarian, but my travel companion enjoyed the cheese steak and said it was really good. The manager (owner?) struck up a conversation and kept heaping free cheese slices and pickles on us while we waited! Such hospitality :) Caveat: if you are in a rush, this isn't the place for you.
Watch out from this one!

The delivery service is really really bad here. I mean unbelievably bad. Delivery  takes over an hour and the hoagies come wet and they are simply destroyed. But the worst part? Sometimes they don't even do the Delivery, meaning that if you order around 7  don't expect to get your order. In fact i had such situation, the restaurant answered at 7:50 ( after i waited for an hour, not unusual) and said that they are waiting for the Delivery guy, still waiting for that delivery-this guys don't have any problem not to deliver without even a courtesy call.
Watch out.
If there is one thing I love it's a surly man handing me sliced meat samples while I wait for a sandwich to be made.  If there's another thing I love, it's a sandwich.  

At Koch's I can have both of those things.  WHAT A DEAL!  

Get Restaurant School Special (I think that's what it's called).  It is packed to the brim with fresh sliced turkey, salami, pastrami, and like 20 other meats and cheese that I can't remember right now.  Be sure to ask for the Russian dressing and then you gots a SANDWICH, SON!
seriously. we've lived here for almost a year and a half, and only recently decided to try this place out. now I have no idea why it took so long for us to try it. If you're looking for the full experience, go ahead and order when you get here. If you want to save time, call in our order and then just pick it up. 

For our first experience, it was awesome. While waiting for our order, we got all sorts of samples, and although I'd say we were very pleased with what we ordered, I think the next time I'm definitely ordering the hot pastrami. we sampled it while we were waiting and it was like mind-blowingly good. seriously. try it. you won't regret it.
amazing reubens, amazing turkey club, and Mr. Koch is a gem.

bring a book as you will wait at least 15-20 mins for your delish deli sandwich.
Haven't been to many delis so I don't really have anything as a comparison, but I really liked the food I had here.

My favorite part of the place is its obvious history - postcards and letters from regular patrons line the entire back wall, with some dating back to 1989 or before, and some written on a typewriter. It gives the place a special layer of meaning just reading letters all these people wrote to the family owners, while you wait for your sandwich to be toasted and made.

On the note of making sandwiches - it does take a while for the sandwiches to be made. A friend called in to order at 7:20, and we didn't get our food until 8:05, so definitely call ahead or be prepared to wait for a bit. Even though it was around 8 when we arrived, which is when Koch's closes, there were a bunch of people waiting inside the tiny deli for their food. The person making the sandwiches offered everyone waiting inside slices of pickles and even included a few with our order on the house, which was really really nice (I've also been craving pickles that day).

As for the sandwich itself (I ordered the hot pastrami), it was delightfully warm and had a simple but delicious filling of meat and cheese. The meat was cooked nicely, with the right amount of saltiness, and heated before sandwiched between the two soft slices of bread. I think the only thing about Koch's is that it's rather pricey and the portions aren't huge - I got the sandwich ($11.95) for dinner, finished the whole thing but was still kinda hungry after. It would make a really good lunch though, and the pickle makes for a great accompaniment for the sandwich.
Even if you order pick up - expect to wait at least 20 min...BUT Koch's makes up for it with really friendly service and free samples of their freshly sliced deli meats! They have me so many samples, I was almost too full to eat my sandwich by the time it came out.

Here comes another big BUT the sandwich looked so delicious, I had to dig in right away. I got the restaurant school special with Swiss instead of hot pepper cheese since I can't handle spicy. The variety of meats made each bite feel like it's own meal - that's how filling it was. And the double decker rye didn't make the sandwich feel to carb heavy at all. It's a lot of food though - I think most girls could probably eat one half for lunch and save the other half for later :)

Price is definitely worth it - plus I had a special 10% off grub hub deal so definitely look out for those!
ZOMGZOMGZOMG! If you're a fan of Subway, you haven't had anything yet until you've tried Koch's. A real Jewish (not in the negative way) deli, they whip up arguably the BEST sandwiches east of the Mississippi.

What I Ordered: The past two nights for dinner I've ordered the "Restaurant School Special." It's a delicious sandwich featuring three different cuts of meat, a special pepper-jacky cheese, cole slaw, dressing, and choice of hoagie bread or rye bread. You can imagine why I've had it two nights in a row.

Verdict: 5 stars hands down. The BEST sandwich I've ever had in my life. Highly recommended. If you don't like it, I'll personally give you your money back.

P.S.: Order early and over the phone. Waiting at the shop requires a decent amount of patience. But for the patience, they usually pass out samples of cheese and meat. Either way, it's a win-win for you.
Came back less than a week later to try the hot pastrami sandwich. INCREDIBLE. While I waited, I got to try some turkey, roast beef (the BEST I've ever tasted in my life), pastrami, swiss cheese, and pickles. LOVE this place!
Koch's is cool and quirky mixed together. Some people have noted you have to wait a little for your made-to-order (including the slicing of the meats and cheeses) sandwich.  You do.  Is that the end of the world?.  If you have a class to get to in 5 minutes or you're about to deliver a baby, don't stop here.  But if you can chill a bit, you'll be rewarded with personable service, some free samples, and a  healthy-sized sandwich as rewards. Quality of meats is excellent and the menu is large enough to accommodate your taste craving of the day.  And the old, slightly ramshackle look inside - well, that's just because it's Koch's.
1. Meat. 
2. Meat. 
3. ... MEAT

Consumed: 
Penn's Special Sandwich
Corned Beef Sandwich

Oh dear, have you ever experienced a meat coma? WELL, you might get one from Koch's. There's more meat than bread and I can see to a guy or any meat lover, this is THE place to go. The sandwiches are just so meaty and flavorful. The meat is very thinly sliced and so I like that it's not too chewy and your jaw wouldn't hurt from chewing. Does that ever happen to you? Maybe it's just a Connie problem.. Anyway, I really liked the Penn's special and the corned beef sandwiches. I would say the Penn's special is saltier and has a little more meat than the corned beef. Whatever white sauce they put in is also very good and enhances the savory experience of the meat. 

While the sandwiches are a bit on the pricier end ($10-14), they are very very big and filling. I could barely finish half of it... 

I don't think I've used the word meat enough in this review. Meat.
I am in Philly visiting from SD and this was such a fun experience! 
He let me try everything, things I have never tried before, and they were yummy! 

The sandwiches are huge and tasty! A must try
This review is difficult. I'd give them a 4.5 for the food quality (amazing Reuben), a 2.5 for price due to the deli meats selling for $16/pound...but a 0.5 for customer service. I don't care how much the owner wants to play the role of garrulous deli guy who banters with customers, as he was the most chauvinistic and perverted store owner I've ever had the misfortune of buying from. He kept calling a 19-year old girl baby, telling everyone in the store how beautiful she is multiple times, and even made a gay joke. What a loser.
Koch's is the real deal! Ezra is awesome and hooked us up with some tasty treats while we waited for our delicious Philly Cheese Steaks! 
Seriously awesome old school deli. Looking forward to my next visit to Phili and hitting this joint again
I get the Rachel (turkey reuben) when I go here.  It's always filling and delicious - one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  The butchers are really nice and sometimes offer samples of meat and cheese if the lunch rush is slowing things down.

Whenever I go here, I consider it a treat.  Unfortunately, this is not a good thing.  The sandwiches are pricey and the wait is excruciatingly long at times.  It sucks that I can only go here when I have some time to kill and have some money burning in my pocket.  Otherwise, I'd be here much more often.
Sandwiches are insanely good. And meats are extremely fresh and tasty. 3 stars bc customer service is not good. Waited 45 minutes with 2 people in front of me when I walked in. They said there were a lot of delivery orders but that's still pretty unacceptable. I get it delivered now.
Just ordered the Jewish hoagie with Russian dressing and sweet peppers. It may be $12, but that was more than enough for the two of us. They loaded it up with meats and cheese, no skimping here. We ordered delivery on Eat24 and it was a very reasonable wait time. I definitely will order from here again.
It's an hour and a half later and still haven't received my delivery order (tuna hoagie).
So before I start, I have to say, I grew up in NYC and worked in a Deli most of my life.  My blood runs rampant with the nitrates from Boars Head.  I may only live to 50, but my body will be pickled forever thanks to Brunkhorst Meats in their shiny red and black trucks.  I was spoiled as far as delicatessens go.  So, everything is based off that Bias.  

The sandwiches are expensive but they are huge.  I am an eater.  I have been known to pack away 40 ounces of prime rib at a time and then finish my wife's left overs. That's why i go to the gym so much.  I had the PENN Special, and man, I had to leave 1/2 for later.  As far as the flavor, some of the meats lack flavor.  The salami is good, but the toungue left something to be desired.  it lacked flavor.  The texture was good, but it just lacked flavor.  Its a nice deli, good portions, and if I pay ten bucks for something that makes me wait to finish it later, i think its a good deal.  It would be 4 stars all the way if the flavor was a bit better with some of the meats, but I think I found a place to keep the nitrates pumping in my veins!!  Woohoo.  Even better is the fact that I don't have to go there.  Delivery through Campus food.com.  I havenever actually been in there, maybe one day.
Got the Sid & Fran. It's Whitefish Salad smothered onto pieces of smoked salmon. This is really damn good. The whitefish has an intensely marine salty flavor coupled with mayo. This goes amazingly with the dry rye bread and smoky fleshiness of the salmon. Everything about this sandwich is well-balanced, which is impressive considering the number of flavors vying for your palette's attention. 

I was torn between a 4 and 5 here, because $13 is too much to pay for a sandwich. This food is so good though, I don't want to give you any reason not to check Koch's out.
My wife and I stopped here in our way out of town for an authentic Philadelphia hoagie. We were not disappointed! I got the Jewish Hoagie (with the owner's recommendation) and loved it. It was corned beef, pastrami, cheese, coleslaw, and various other ingredients, and it was amazing. The meat was tender, flavourful, and very fresh. The hoagie roll was soft and luscious. 

A couple things, they do take cards but remember, because they're carving the meat fresh for your sandwich, you wait a bit longer for them to make it than you would st somewhere like Subway. 

I will definitely be back.
WOW SERIOUSLY!? I've been attending school in West Philly for three years and have not been here until graduation day nears? I am lame. seriously. This place is INCREDIBLE!! I shared the PCOM and something about the corned beef, chicken salad, roast beef, sweet muenster, and russian dressing was pure perfection. oh and the reuben looked incredible. I was too full from my half sandwich but my friends raved about it! 

At $10.95 a pop, the (specialty) sandwiches aren't cheap but it is well worth it. You get so many different types of meat; its bound to fill you up! Koch's has definitely perfected their sandwiches. Come to West Philly to give them a try!!

The only downside is that the sandwiches take a while even during off times. I came around 1:30 and waited maybe 25 minutes for 4 sandwiches.  But they are worth the wait. Try calling ahead to minimize your down time.
Admittedly I haven't been in several years. But in my experiences Koch's makes probably the best deli sandwiches in Philadelphia. They slice everything super thin and the result is that the meat almost melts in your mouth. They pile on the meat, cheeses, and other elements to their sandwiches. Honestly, their tongue sandwich is amazing! 

The down sides are you can wait a long time in a line the is out the door and there is absolutely no seating. And don't dare hem and haw while ordering or try to add something once you've ordered. Also it's location is not very central if you aren't hanging around that part of West Philly. 

Call ahead to order, but they won't pick up the phone once they get busy, which is nearly all the time.
I had the Pastrami Ruben.

Pre-eating: I think I just paid $14 for a sandwich and a drink...
Post-eating: AGAIN MOMMY! AGAIN, AGAIN!!!

No one greets you or tells you where to order when you walk in, but maybe that's part of the charm?
While Koch's stil serves up the best, jaw-busting deli sandwiches in the City of Philadelphia, it's not quite what it was in it's prime.  It used to be that student and neighborhood residents would fill the shop with a line that worked all the way to the rear of the store, then double back and out the door. An hour wait to place an order was common place, and worth every minute -- besides the owners served up free samples and bad jokes while you waited.  Those days, when brother's Lou and Bobby Koch manned the counter have transitioned to an internet driven delivery approach more in concert with today's student expectations.  The line, the knishes (and the baked goods that sat atop the counter) are gone, but the sandwiches are still piled high and made with love!
Not the Koch's I remember from back in the day.

The meat was just cold cuts that you would get at some grocery store deli counter. There was a decent amount of meat in the sandwich, but who cares when the meat isn't anything special, and certainly not close to real Jewish deli. Nothing else about the sandwich was particularly good, as if that matters. Well, I guess the bread was OK.

What a disappointment. I wish I would have read more yelp reviews before going there as I see someone else wrote about how Bob Koch passed away and the store was sold back in 2005. I knew Lou had passed away, but I thought the deli was still in the Koch family.
Awful customer service! To make matters worst it was a manager who barked at me to give him my order as we was really busy!
Oh my god. I love this place!!! Here's 5 reasons why: 

1. The employees are awesome.  I love walking in there and getting immediate attention. A simple hello is really all it takes to take a place from being pretty good to great. And they always ask why I don't come in more. 
2. I can't eat there more often because if I did, I would be huge.  Their sandwiches are GIGANTIC! It's basically two sandwiches in one.
3. While you're waiting, they love to give out free samples of whatever they happen to be cutting up at the time. 
4. They always give out extra pickles.
5. Horseradish cheddar cheese- enough said.
Koch's has some pretty awesome sandwiches. If you like a regular sandwich, they got a nice selection of those. But for the more adventurous, they have some outrageous combo sandwiches. I really like their Restaurant School special. It has C\corned beef, honey turkey, brisket of beef, hot pepper cheese, cole slaw and Russian dressing or mustard on rye or hoagie roll. I suggest the Russian dressing and rye.

I like their macaroni salad too. And, they have some tasty cakes.

My main gripe is that it's not much more than a sandwich shop. I would really like it if they had some soup, which I find goes well with a sandwich, especially on a cold day.

But if you want a good sandwich and don't mind the limited side options, they have some real bangin, mouth poppin, awesome sauce sandwiches.
I had to give Koch's Deli five stars because it is the ONLY deli I go to in Philadelphia when I want a deli sandwich, specifically a corned beef special, which  is H-U-G-E and always delicious! 

And the service is incredibly friendly.  Every time I go, it seems that the folks there are always in a friendly dialogue with a customer. 

During this visit, while a customer was being waited on in front of me, the man serving him -- I'm so sorry that I forgot his name! :-( -- offered me a slice of pickle.  So cool.  Since I'd called ahead (which I strongly recommend), he knew my name and called it out to be sure it was me.  

When it was my turn, he recommended a "half pastrami" sandwich, which he made for me to taste.  O-M-G!  It was SO delicious that it made me dance.  (I dance when I'm eating really good food.)  The sandwich includes pastrami, cheese (swiss?) and deli mustard.  So simple, yet so delicious.  When he saw how much I was enjoying the half pastrami sandwich, he took a picture of me eating it for their Facebook page.  

You must have the deli mustard.  It totally makes the sandwich.  When I told him how much I enjoyed the mustard in that sandwich, he gave me a bit of the mustard to take with me.

In the end, Koch's Deli is more than a destination stop when in Philadelphia.  It's an experience.  What are you waiting for?  Go!
This place is about knowing your neighbor. This place is about remembering to have a conversation with people and to slow down. If you are in a hurry, call ahead - but even then dont expect an immediate in and out. This place takes their time and gives you your time and money's worth. This is the kind of place my grandmother would have gone to. Going in is all part of the experience. The staff is lively and quirky and even a bit overwhelming but you leave feeling like you and your juicy, irresistible hot pastrami sandwich can take on the world. And you will eat every bite, even when you know you shouldn't. 

Oh and complementary samples and pickles to keep you coming for more. Im hooked.
Pros:
friendly people, small hole-in-the-wall place with local charm
free cold cut samples/pickles while you wait
sandwiches are pretty tasty
old guy at the counter flirts with you

Cons:
you will definitely wait, especially when it gets crowded (but even when it isn't)
things that aren't free samples are expensive - over $10 per sandwich on average
sandwiches are pretty tasty but not necessarily over $10 tasty, and I think they've gotten smaller lately
old guy at the counter flirts with you

Overall assessment: A-OK. I'll come here for a sandwich if I'm doing laundry next door and am feeling too lazy to go anywhere else. However, I don't come here too often because $10+ can get me a better-valued meal elsewhere, especially when it comes to takeout places.
As a Penn student in the early 90's, I frequented this place.  I remember I would have to phone my order in ahead of time, wait in line and while waiting indulge on free munchies (cookies, brownies etc) while waiting for my order to be filled.  As a New Yorker, I never thought I would find a good old fashion Jewish Deli while studying away from home.  This place  will always be a favorite.
