Just what I've been looking for! I've been having my cravings for cheap, good, and quick Korean food and restaurants in Center City just don't do it for me. Thank goodness for this place! It is very accessible in University City and is a great lunch spot for a study break. It does get pretty crowded but it's worth it. Most of their dishes are under $10 and since it's self served, no need for tip. Don't be expecting the greatest quality of food but this definitely hits the spot when you're craving some kimchi fried rice or ja ja myun. :)
Koreana is a decent addition to the burgeoning Asian dining scene in University City.  It just might be the hardest to find though.  Go to the address, look all around and don't see it, then go to the parking lot, walk into it and halfway back, there lo and behold is Koreana.  I like having a Korean fast food option (and there's a branch in Center City as well).  One orders at the counter and then your food is delivered to you at the table.  Everyone is friendly.  I wasn't wild about what I ordered.  The ganpoongki was okay without being special but I wanted veggies with it to mix with the sticky rice (like in the picture they have) and that didn't happen.  Condiments were barebone - one almost empty sriracha bottle and a pepper mill for the entire restaurant.  Still, I would def give this place another try, next time ordering something different.
Dear (South)Korea, 

You sure are looking smug these days.  Why is that?

Is it because of that sweet magic you puled off with Kim Yu-Na at the Olympics?

Is it your current World Cup team, who seems to blow up the facebook status updates of my friends every time they so much as sneeze?

Is it your liberal use of TADs in the field of Orthodontics and the crazy final results you get, nonsurgically?

It could be all of those things, but let's face it.  I know why you look so smug - you've won my stomach over.

It was a tough battle.  I know that little over a year ago, I tried an item called fish cake at a Korean restaurant.  I wasn't really impressed by it, but that is probably what I got for going in cold and ordering seemingly at random.  This experience put a damper in my appreciation of your cuisine for quite a while and for that I apologize.  I should not have been so foolish.

Over the many months, you'd spring up once in a while, throwing a bi bim bap or kimchee my way.  I had colleagues who would try to set us up at various restaurants and Korean associates would feed me some homemade items.  Even though I always liked you(especially your BBQ skills), I wasn't ready to let you get a secure foothold in my eating itinerary.  Life was just too complicated.  We were friends, but not the kind that called frequently to hang out.

After Koreana, something changed.  Things suddenly got serious.  My regular Thai and Japanese go-tos now had a serious competitor.  Places like H-Mart, Miga, and some-Korean-BBQ-place-I-Can't-Remember-The-Name-of paved the way, but Koreana sealed the deal and solidified my serious enthusiasm for Korean food.

Koreana did the following things really freaking well:
Dol sot bi bim bap - very tender beef, egg, and really fresh tasting veggies stirred all together with rice in a clay pot.  After you add the hot sauce to this, you will realize that you sit before something awesome.  If you don't like this hot sauce, you should apologize for your behavior to any friends you have remaining because you are probably an asshole.

Kimchi bokeum bop - Spicy fried rice dish with chopped kimchee and egg.  Really great.

Goon mandu - Fried pork and veggie dumplings.  They are good but comparable to dumpings that can be achieved at other Asian food restaurants.

Jaeyook dup bap - meat and veggies in a thicker, spicy sauce.  

Oh yeah, and the items were pretty darn cheap and pretty darn fast and their hot sauce...oh, be still my beating heart.  It was excellent.

So you see, (South)Korea, your cuisine will be getting many more of my dining dollars in the years to come.  It has been a long road, but one that I'm happy to have traveled.  

Sincerely,
Brad P.
I came here with a group of 30 a few days ago at lunch time. The restaurant had roughly 1 hour notice that we'd be arriving, but they accommodated us extremely well and the food was excellent. I had the Bulgogi, which was a first for me (Korean food in general is new to me) and it was delicious.  

5 stars for accommodating such a large group on short notice and sending out everything steaming hot and delicious. I work nearby, so I'll be back soon to try other items.
This place used to be known as 38th Pizza and Korean food, but ever since it changed owners and is now called "Koreana", it focuses solely on Korean food. I'm told the Korean food now tastes better (but I can't really judge, because I never visited it before the change).

I used to called it the $6 place, because all their dishes used to cost that much. Unfortunately, they've raised the prices slightly, but I enjoy their food. It's not stellar, but in way of close, cheap and fast Korean food around the UPenn area, you can't go wrong with Koreana.

Try their bulgogi or kalbi, traditional Korean dishes they don't ever mess up. Their noodle dishes are alright, but don't ever seem to fill me up. Lastly for dessert, there's always the Korean shaved ice - a cute fun way to end any date if you're nearby.

Update-May 6. I took off a star (so now it's 3 stars) because the quality of this joint has gone down. For example, their pork meat doesn't taste like meat anymore. Prices have also gone up (which is understandable with the crazy world food situation at the moment), but I'm disappointed in Koreana's lack of adherence to quality. The ONLY dish worth getting now is their kalbi.
Koreana[1] stocks a standard menu of Korean dishes, prepared above-standard, at decent prices.

Last I was here, I walked in 10 minutes past closing. Talking to the owner/chef/cashier (not sure which), I mentioned I just arrived from out-of-town, and he took pity on me and whipped up some delicious yukgaejang with chicken ($7.25), a piping hot, lightly spiced thick soup. A mildly-pungent side of kimchi kept me entertained, and I left happy.

[1] I miss their previous incarnation sometimes, but I'm glad this is still an option for Korean in University City.
I walked in and this place was packed!  While that is a great sign, it meant a long wait.  Turns out, they were also experiencing issues in the Kitchen, which added to the delay.  By the time my food arrived, I wasn't exactly happy with the situation.

So how did they end up with 4-stars? 

First, sincere and apologetic service.  They were slammed and I was ok with that.  They were not satisfied that our experience was delayed.  That certainly picked them up a notch!

Second, the food was solid.  My order was delicious and the kimchi might have been the best  I've had.  Considering you come to restaurants to eat, it has to be the focus of the review.

I'll be back, hopefully on a quieter night!
LOST ALL MY RESPECT.
If I demote something to one star from four, you know that place had not only a severe, but also inexcusable lapse in judgement / behavioral glitch. 

If I get sick tomorrow, I am reporting this place to the health department.

Ever heard of a classic maxim  "customer's always right?"  Well,it actually holds true i this case.

My friend got the honeydew bubble drink and I got the  green  apple.  I  ordered with a lady.  A young man (who was very nice) comes out and says green tea, so my friend say no, assuming it was someone else's.  She comes  out and snatches it fro the employee and hands it to us, handing a honeydew to my friend, and green tea to me.  I told her I got the green apple, and she had the audacity to to argue with me as a feeble attempt to save her own ass because she was/is too prideful.

"I ordered the green apple."
"No.... You said green tea." 
"No... I said green APPLE"

She let's out a first world sigh, and snatches this thing I did not intend on paying for upon walk-in.  Sigh all you want, but it doesn't keep me from wondering why we are having this juvenile "OH NO YOU DIDN'T" type of argument.  This is a first time ever experience I have had with a restaurant staff  member.  

My friend agreed that I said green apple, as well as the two people around me who heard me order.  I can see why they did not speak up, because I would not  want spit in my food either.  For all I know, all she could have heard/understood was "green" and tagged that with "tea." 

She brings me out this green apple, and the tapioca was all fu**ed up. Some were black, but there were also orange-ish looking ones (maybe 50/50), while my friend had normal looking black ones. Mine just looked like rat droppings that are rich in beta-carotene.  I would know because I have pet rats.  So I am guessing she  gave me soiled/old tapioca, possibly to spite me.  This is a reasonable guess because that's what happened to the tapioca when I got bubble drinks from here in and past and left it in my fridge and forgot about it.  If they blatantly do it in my face, it wouldn't be a completely surprise if they did it behind our backs.  Regardless, you should never behave in a way to make a customer doubt you. Koreana, you have busted your way out of my circle of trust.

It is truly unfortunate that my rating is updated the way it is because my past experiences have been fine.  It only takes one person to ruin the fun for others.  Let the boycotting commence.
Dear Koreana,
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE fire that terrible delivery person. While I love your (the owner's) customer service, you really have to get rid of your grubhub delivery guy. I was dealing with something personal and had to set my phone to voicemail (an hour earlier than grubhub predicted my order to arrive, btw), and the guy SCREAMED on my voicemail about how terrible of a person I was and how i was wasting his time. When I came outside, he was about to pull away, and handed me my food WHILE SCREAMING about how I was wasting his time. GET RID OF HIM. Many friends have also had terrible experiences as well. I will keep calling, tipping, writing, until that man is removed from his "customer service" position, because he truly ruins everyone's days.
Sincerely,
A generally happy person until the delivery man ruined my appetite.
So good.
So cheap.

I've never had AUTHENTIC Korean food, so I like to assume this is it. I usually get the Bi Bim Bap (in a hot pot if it's not too warm outside). 
This is one of those meals you want to keep eating even though you know you're full. And they give you this little soup! It's some kind of egg drop that probably isn't all that good and may taste a little sandy, but I like it. For those of you that like bubble tea, this place makes it and makes it well.

The portions are great, the flavors are great, the price is great. The people are nice! They even find where you sat and bring your food to you (you order at a counter). I wish it were a BYO, though.

I've just made myself hungry.
I've heard that people often judge a Korean restaurant by its kimchi. If that were true, Koreana would be considered terrible. However, aside from their kimchi, Koreana is not terrible. In fact, this self-serve-type hole-in-the-wall is quite good. 

Koreana is very reasonably priced for hearty portions of authentic though not necessarily out-of-this-world Korean food. The LA Galbi is delicious, as are the spicy meat and rice dishes that come in stone bowls (Dol Sot, I think). Most dishes here are in the $7-10 range, and come with some soup and a small container of bad kimchi. Just toss that kimchi straight into the trash and enjoy your delicious, filling, inexpensive meal. 

The moral of the story? Don't judge a Korean restaurant by its kimchi.
Maybe I'm just weird, but I've never really enjoyed anything here. There is barely any protein in anything (except the wings...), which makes me feel like I'm eating vegetarian food. Unlike real Korean places, this one doesn't serve banchans with your meal. I also find it to be rather expensive, especially since there are much cheaper options around University City.
Love this place! Great for when you're craving Korean. 

They have a pretty extensive menu, which can be daunting if you're indecisive. Better to go in there when you're on a mission. The food is tasty, cheap (most dishes are under $8), and the service is speedy. They're very friendly!

Bonus: aloe juice! And ramen and other Asian goodies for sale. The GOOD Korean ramen. Not like...Cup Noodles. AND THEY DELIVER NOW on campusfood.com! Yay!
I've heard legacies of Koreana since I moved to West Philly. But due to its awkward location I had it mistaken for a takeout portion of the Indian  restaurant in the same location since it was the only spot that they had clear signage for (either that or some random extension of Atlantis Gentleman's Club). But Burger Assassin's helpful review assured me that it indeed the location I've been looking for, and since then its been pure bliss.

If you're looking for a no frills spot that gives you the chance to sink your taste buds into something different , then the Korean food here is perfect for you. one of the best dishes I ordered here was a variation of an omelet that was stuffed with rice and all kinds of fresh vegetables. but the next time I come I definitely plan on ordering some of that Bim Bim Bap! another thing I like is the fact that they have all kinds of Japanese market staples like different teas and Pocky. Toss in the friendly staff and fact that there's not too many dishes that hit past the 410 mark, and you have a solid winner.
Oh Koreana. You have my heart. I have yet to find Korean food better than this (other than this place I went to near Olney.) Very vegan and vegetarian friendly. You cannot go wrong with the tofu dolsot hot bowl.  I like their mango bubble tea, although it comes out as more of a slushee than a liquid.  The prices are low and there are plenty of seats. I live in Center City and I gladly travel all the way to University City to get my fix of Koreana.
Aw this place is full of my college memory. I can't remember how many times I have been to this place because it was TOO OFTEN! When I first found this place, it was tiny and behind a gentlemen's club. I was a little concerned. However, this was the only Korean place close to where I lived so I had no choice. The food was actually pretty good and the owner was super friendly. I became friends with him and he always gave me complimentary appetizer when I visited. Super nice person! The place kept growing and at some point they start expanding to bigger size. 

I literally had tried every dish. My favorite was half Jajang Myun half fried rice and Jaeyook Dup Bup. It was my first time to try Korean style jajang myun and I started liking it because of them. They put this potato in the sauce and taste super sweet. The portion is huge. Jaeyook Dup Bup is spicy pork stir fry. They added a lot of scallions, onions and veggies which I enjoyed. The sauce was flavorful, sweet and spicy. Their kim bap were great but alittle pricy, I would suggest to get at Koja (Shhh) if you are craving for kim bap. Oh Koreana also have great mango boba. 

I really miss this place ever since I moved to Cali not only because of the food but the great memories. Wish all the luck to this awesome restaurant!
Stumbled upon this little Korean place while walking around downtown philly. I ordered the dinner special for $10 which came with a hot pot of bulgogi rice veggies and an egg and also some miso soup. The hot pot keeps the food very hot while you eat it. Everything was very good, and reasonably priced. Staff very friendly as prompt as well. Didn't have room for it but the kimchee fries sound and look good too
Best fast delicious Korean restaurant in Philly hands down.

Despite being such a "foodie" city, center city Philly does not have the best Korean restaurants.  The Sammie Chong's in chinatown is a huge disappointment.  For the best Korean food, you need to leave the city and goto North 5th street.

However, Koreana is my goto option for solid, cheap Korean food with friendly service that is still kinda in the city.  It's by Penn, next to Abner's steak on 39th and chestnut.  There's free parking the small lot adjacent to the restaurant.

Food wise: Every typical korean option you can think of, from your spicy noodles, to rice cake, to bulgogi, to kalbi, etc.  Won't really go into details, b/c if you have had korean food at other places, you know what they taste like already!  The food is a solid 4/5 starts but for the price (everything below $10), it is a 5/5 stars with that in mind.

The food comes out within 5-10 minutes, comes with a side of kimchi and a server will drop off the tray at your table.  There's self-service filtered water by the cashier.

Service: The owner is very friendly and will take his time to explain to you the different options available if you are a newbie. The menu has pictures of all the dishes so that helps a lot with ordering also!
Dear Koreana,

You're the best--open 7 days a week, unbelievably quick service, and very reasonably priced food. There are so many good options to choose from on your menu; I'm glad you always have a good recommendation ready. You're always full with students happily eating and chatting away. I just loved visiting you with my friends to get lunch or dinner and chill out. Whatever I got, I knew you'd be smiling and happy to have me over. Now, I'm in San Francisco, but I miss those times a lot. 

I hope you're doing well.

Best,
AC
Im not trying to trash people who review here... but those of you that eat a lot of korean food... its probably one of the most expensive foods to eat.

Now u have koreana: one of the most inexpensive korean foods i have ever had and tastes good.

Do you want GOOD, FAST or CHEAP? In my opinion Koreana does a very good job at providing all 3.
I am addicted to this place. I got to have it once a week right now. 

Pros: 
-takes credit cards
-fast service
-AMAZING pork entrees, chicken wings, and hot pots
-student friendly prices

Cons: 
-hole in the wall, hard to find for the first time. Once you know it's in a parking lot, you're good. 
-not completely authentic to Korean cultural food but will do the job in a pinch.
D8. Forever and always.
The chicken dorso hotpot is so so so good!!!!!!!!!!! The Korean fried chicken was also good but the spicy wasn't as spicy as I wanted it. :( the kimbap isn't that great to be honest. Other than that I love Koreana! Perfect for lunch!
We tried coming to Koreana one time only to find, in the cold rain, crowds of college students blocking our way. So this weekend, after my day long yoga training, my fiancé met me at Koreana for a much-needed refueling of spicy Korean dinner. Last time we couldn't even get inside, so I was surprised to notice that the interior is in fact far larger than the exterior implies. The place ain't pretty, much its clean and if you don't care about atmosphere than you won't care that it's kinda like a cafeteria setting - god knows all of the various college students that come here don't mind. Regardless, the bright and clean dining area was packed, so we opted to do take out and brought the following home: 

Ojingeo Dup Bap (rice dish with squid, vegetables and spicy seasoning): the portion of squid and vegetables was, IMHO, quite small, but I was pleased with the level of spicy (could've been more, but I have abnormal levels of spicy tolerance). Vegetables seemed like Asian slaw, I would've hoped for large pieces of mixed vegetables, but at least the squid was well cooked and not rubbery - wish there had been a few more pieces of that, too!
Beef Bokeum Bap (fried rice with beef, mix vegetable and black bean sauce): I didn't taste much since I don't eat beef, but my small bite of the vegetables really only had potatoes and onions, so I'm not sure what other vegetables, if any, there were. The black bean sauce is pretty good, though.
Kimchi Chigae (soup dish with pork, tofu, kimchi, and bowl of rice on side): SPICY, and tasty, there was definitely a lot of kimchi in there along with the chunks of pork, tofu, and slices of a fish ball (which provided some relief from the spiciness). You'll need that extra bowl of white rice to tame the flames on your tongue.

They gave us extra kimchi on the side, which was entirely unnecessary but delicious nonetheless. The prices are good, and each dish can feed one person (unless you're my fiancé, in which case, maybe get another dish). We both enjoyed the food, although our Korean friends say the quality is closer to street food than traditional Korean - but it's hard to find Korean in CC, so I'll take what I can get (esp for cheap!)
Koreana is my favorite go to for some good quality Korean food take-out in UCity. It's not the best Korean food I've had but it's one of the better options in the area. I've tried a lot of their dishes so far and my favorite is the bibim bap, one of their most popular items on the menu and a signature Korean dish. It literally means "mixed rice" which is a bowl of rice with various vegetable (sautéed and seasoned vegetables), beef, fried egg, and sliced beef. Most of their dishes are pretty good and will hit the spot for your Korean food cravings! Koreana is also so close to Penn's campus that the convenience of ordering take-out to pick up or deliver is a plus.

I honestly would recommend their wings too! They give you two options of soy ginger or spicy. The spicy is not too bad and both flavors are very juicy and delicious flavors. The wings are deep-fried really well. The prices here are slightly on the more expensive side, but that's expected in the University City area. I personally think Koreana is the better option for Korean food in comparison to other Korean food options in the area!
Koreana is solid enough.  Convenient location.  So, the food is not great, but I'll keep going back as there don't seem to be too many Korean options around.  It's not bad for the area.  Beggars can't be choosers.

Have tried a noodle dish with squid (spicy red sauce), which was all right -- sweet and spicy.  Beef Kalbi is okay (could be marinated longer so that it's more flavourful & tender, but not too bad).  I think the pork was better than the beef.  Tofu stew was all right but too salty. 

In an area with more Korean options, I wouldn't bother going back, but in central Philly, this is about 3.5 stars.
It's alright. Reasons?

The food: It's decent. Nothing to write home about, but I've never eaten a bad meal here. 

The prices: Top-notch for the Philly area. Probably the cheapest decent Korean food you can find here. You order at the front counter and you wait for them to bring it out for you. No tips here. 

The atmosphere: Pretty dingy eating space, and populated mostly with Penn and Drexel students who live in the area. Still, it doesn't deter me from coming. 

BOTTOM LINE: When I want Korean food for cheap, without paying tip, food prepared quickly, AND if I want to be able to eat alone without feeling weird, I come to Koreana. 

Plus I think their bubble tea is quite good, and they even have a frequent bubble tea buyer's card where you get a free bubble tea after buying five.
This place is quite addictive. I give it give stars because I am really happy there's a place that could satisfy my Korean food cravings in University City. I go there for take outs a lot after a whole day of studying.

I love the shin ramen with cheese and seafood. I sometimes crave that specifically after studying. The ramen is flavorful and the cheese melts into the soup. The seafood pancake is also quite delicious with the sauce. I ordered dol sot bimbimpap last time and it was just as good as everyone says. Next time I want to go back and try the spicy rice cake.
Let me preface this review with a disclaimer. I have a pretty high (well, especially high) standard when it comes to Korean food. I am from Korea and once I came to the US I got spoiled by really good Korean places in LA and NY.

Okay, with that said...

Koreana could *for most part* be considered to be what's known in Korea as "Boon Sik", basically Korean street food...again, I emphasize "most part". They have popular street items like dduk-bbok-gi (rice cake and fish cake in hot sauce), omoo-rice (rice with omelette on the top, usually served with ketchup on the top...yes, i know--ketcup), ramen, oodong, kim-bop, etc. Koreana does have not-so-street items like dol-sot bi-bim-bap (rice with assorted vegetables and hot sauce on a hot sizzling stone-pot), dwen-jang jjigae (staple Korean soup made with Korean miso...the stinkier cousin of Japanese miso), etc.

We ordered jjam-bbong (Korean Chinese spicy noodle soup) and dduk-mandoo-gook (rice cake and dumpling soup). The noodles in jjam-bbong were a bit too soft and dduk-mandoo-gook were a bit bland for my taste. But overall, they were good enough for me to come back to when I have craving for these types of food.
Koreana is probably the staple Korean restaurant in University City. I was never a huge fan of Korean cuisine until I started frequenting this place - one of the best parts is the fact that the menu is accompanied by pictures of the dishes (which are pretty accurate to the real thing, if I do say so myself), so I was more willing to try new dishes even though I couldn't pronounce the name since there was a picture right next to the title. The easy-to-read menu makes Koreana a great places for existing Korean food lovers and newbies alike. The menu is also pretty extensive, so I'll always be able to find something to satisfy my craving, whether it's a rice dish or a noodle soup or a Korean pancake.

I've been a regular customer at Koreana for a couple of years now, and I can say that the service and the food has only gotten better as time goes on. The wait used to be soooooooooo long whenever there was even a tiny crowd, but the last time that I went (last week), I waited less than 5 minutes for my food, which was impressive. The owner of the restaurant is also super nice and helpful with the menu if you want any recommendations.

In terms of the actual food, I think that it's pretty solid and consistent. The spicy dishes are in deed spicy, and the non spicy ones are tasty as well. I had my first BiBimBop here, and that's when I began loving hot pot Korean dishes, which Koreana prepares very well. I'm also a huge fan of the Dokbokki (spicy stir-fried Korean rice cakes - so delicious!) and the Pajeon Korean Pancake (which is paired with a dipping sauce that is ON POINT). One of my favorite parts of Koreana is the barley tea that they have on the counter above the water dispenser - refreshing! I personally would stray away from the bubble tea that is served here though. Especially with the openings of so many new bubble tea joints in University City, you can definitely find much better options in the area (e.g. Carina's & Chattime).

Definitely recommend Koreana for whenever you get a craving for Korean food (or more generally, spicy food). Koreana is sure to deliver!
Amazing hole-in-the-wall Korean restaurant on Penn's campus, serving really delicious and affordable food, snacks/sweets, and drinks! And the staff are super friendly!!
 
Koreana holds a special place in my heart, as it was my introduction to Korean food...and I have so many wonderful memories from college eating here with friends. The food is so good that even my parents are obsessed with this place...we always make sure to grab lunch/dinner here when we're back in Philly.

Drinks: They have a fridge stocked with chrysanthemum tea, sikhye (sweet rice punch), yakuruto (yogurt drink), and sodas

Snacks: choco pie, various pocky

Appetizers: wings are phenomenal (crispy and flavorful), pajeon korean pancake

Entree: D8 (Chicken dol sot) is my all time favorite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Sizzling hot rice with meat or tofu, kimchi, veggies, and spices served in a hot pot! Comes with a side of soup :) And it makes for awesome leftovers! Great when you're hungry and busy studying :)

Other great dishes: dolsot bibim bap, soon dubu chigae, dukbokki, bulgogi wrap, jap chae, etc

HIGHLY RECOMMEND KOREANA!!!!
I don't know about you, but I find pizza and Korean food to be an unusual combination. That's exactly what you'll find at 38th Pizza.

38th's menu has 25 items, including udong (seafood noodle soup), ramen (spicy instant noodle soup with vegetables), kimchi chigae (spicy casserole containing kimchi and pork in soup), omurice (omelette), kib bop, and sullungtang (beef and ox bone soup) - every item except one is $6.

The Korean food we ordered tasted OK (and similar!), save for one different ingredient:
- I ordered #6, the jeyook dupbop - steamed rice topped with marinated pork and hot pepper paste.
- My friend got #7 okingeo dupbop - my dish with squid.

Their house special menu has Korean BBQ chicken pizza and bulgogi pizza on it. Pies run $6-7 for a small or $11-13 for an extra-large - can also order by the slice. French fries and drinks available. I will go back and try the bulgogi pizza...

FYI, other styles that can be ordered include Plain, Hawaiian (ham, pineapple, sausage, or beef), Meat Lover's, Brocken (white), and Vegetarian.

It's cheap Korean food, and you can do as well and pay as much at the KO-JA truck right down the street. I recommend trying their pizza, for the novelty.
There's something about Koreana that keeps me coming back. It's not the best Korean food I've ever had, but it's decent for the area and price. Perhaps, it's the familiarity and nostalgia for hole-in-the-wall places during my travels in Asia. Anyways, I recommend D11.
As a pseudo-vegetarian deathfully afraid of slimy and unknown meats, I had always assumed that I had few Korean choices.  Koreana, you broadened my world! Not only do they make a mean hot pot bibimbop but they make a handful of other dishes vegetarian.  Some are a bit greasy, but this makes for good brain food.  

If you're in the mood for a sugar bomb at the end, try the tapioca dish.  It's a mix of red beans, tapioca, syrupy fruit, and various unidentifiable sugar items.  

P.S. They are closed on Mondays.
The best Korean food in the CC area, hands down. Try the doshirak (basically Bento lunchboxes) with grilled chicken and you won't be disappointed. I speak from experience here, as someone who was born and raised on Korean food for many many years. And you can't beat the price!

That being said, I wouldn't count Cheltenham out. Head there if you want the real deal.
Great food!  All the food comes out fresh, tasty, and piping hot.  My favorites are the jajangmyun and the bibimbaps.  However, the real shining star here is their gochujang sauce.  This sauce is truly magical and is a perfect combination of sweet, tangy, and spicy!  I would definitely recommend trying Koreana out if you're ever in University City.
As a vegetarian, it's really hard sometimes to look at a menu and be sure that there isn't any meat. Their menu isn't really categorized by seafood, vegetarian, chicken, etc. so I wasn't sure what to order. Thankfully, the cashier was very helpful and friendly. When he noticed that I was not sure what to order and when I told him I didn't eat meat, he pointed out each and every dish they had that was meatless and said that he could have some of the other dishes made without meat. The service is great here! I never find a bad temper, bad attitude or sass. 

The food: I've eaten here as a vegetarian and an omnivore. My favorite dishes are their hot clay pots, kimbap, kimchi fried rice and all their galbi. If you're a meat lover, I recommend the galbi. It comes with meat, a salad with what I think is thousand island dressing, rice, kimchi in a plastic cup and a small bowl of soup. All the dishes come with soup, I believe. 

The bubble tea: Meh. I've had better. 

Overall, it's a good deal for the food and if you are in need of korean food, this is a pretty good place to go.
Koreana is an all around great resturaunt. The environment is very casual and there's plenty of indoor and outdoor seating and the menu options have a wide variety of choices. It has that hole in the corner Korean BBQ charm with the taste of a high end resturaunt. The food was absolutely delicious  I got the D8 with chicken which was a rice, vegetable and chicken dish with spicy Korean BBQ sauce, not too spicy, but a good kick with it. The only issue was how hot it was when it came out. It's made in this rock bowl that's heated super hot so it took took a while to eat it. 
We also ordered the fried chicken with soy sauce marinade and oh my gosh they were AMAZING. I couldn't stop licking the sauce off my fingers it was so delicious. 
The resturaunt itself is very casual, you order up front at the register and they give you a number to place at your table and they bring the food out to you. Indoor and outdoor seating is really nice and cozy, definitely a good place to go with friends.
I went here once 3 years ago and got some spicy noodle dish that I can't remember the name of for the life of me. Went back tonight on the suggestion of my roommate who is a big fan. 

The place was pretty packed but luckily there were additional tables in the back that I didn't know of so we were able to get seats. I ordered the Jeeyok Dol Sot which was a spicy rice dish with chicken vegetables, and a fried egg on top. I'm a fan of hot pot style dishes so I was pretty excited to try the item. The food was super hot as expected when it arrived and the rice had a great flavor to it. I asked for medium spiciness which was just right or otherwise I would have been in some trouble. The fried egg was my favorite part of the meal though at times the chicken seemed bland. Overall, Koreana is a good change of pace from the usual University City meals that I have and I wouldn't mind going back again.
Koreana makes quick food, so I'll make a quick review. 

1. The Dwen Jang Chigae is spicy and delicious. It's got rice cakes, vegetables, and mushrooms galore. It's hearty enough to be consumed as a meal...and that rice on the side is damn good. It's sticky and glutinous and probably made in a pot, not some white-folk rice cooker.

2. The Korean Pancake is actually the best I've had in Philly. It's gooey and comes out hot and looks like it could melt off the plate. The seafood is baked in it, and there isn't any stale fishy flavor or smell emanating from its steam. 

3. The kimchi is boring and not fresh but it's spicy, so the little side cup of it is fine to munch on while you're waiting for the rest of your party to receive their food.
There's something to be said about a former worker, who still CRAVES this food. I worked at Koreana years ago. Some of the nicest and caring bosses ever!....but you're here to hear about the food.

You'd think seeing the same food over and over again would make you really sick of that food. You ALWAYS smell like onion and garlic after work...god forbid if you couldn't hit the shower right away. (I felt so bad for my classmates, who had to sit next to me whenever I had to rush to class right after work.)

I admit, I was "sick" of the food about a year in. But then I had a two week vacation...and the cravings set right back in. As a worker, I gained 40 lbs from the beginning of working there to 2 years later. TT TT (Thankfully, I'll lost a lot of that weight since...)

To this day, I still crave the food!! That's how good it is. Hell, I'm about head there now for lunch. I honestly went through the entire menu in my head (I still remember it by heart...yea, my fiancé shook his head at this part) and tried to think of ANY of the dishes that I disliked...and there isn't any. (No joke.)

BUT I do have some favorites! To this day, their soy chicken is the bomb! The sauce is to die for! I wish they sold that supermarkets. The kimbap, too... I could nom on those all day long. I also LOVE the japchae (esp with rice, don't calorie count) - sweet potato noodles hold a special place in my heart. Bibimbap: The vegetables are crisp and that gochujang sauce is something (it's spicy but not crazy spicy, sweet, and tangy). In general, I just LOVE Koreana's seasonings. I won't let you in on the secret, but I can promise you this: no MSG.

Tip: Something that I always forget myself until I'm sweating bullets and my taste buds have already gone numb. Unless you just LOVE spicy foods, ask for 'mild' when you order dokbokki! Allow yourself to enjoy the flavors.....without dying. Maybe I'm just a wimp.

I held back from reviewing because I didn't feel it was right doing so as a worker, but two years removed now, I thought why not. I really do enjoy the food.

Hi old bosses, if you're reading this! Hahahah.............. we're going to pretend this never happened. Bye now!
Best Korean food ever.  Everything is so good.  We always get kimchi fried rice with duk bokki and yuk geh jjang or yuk gal tang.  This is crack.  You know a restaurant is good  when I always order 2 or 3 meals.  

Oh yeah.  And they're so friendly and kind.  And food comes out so fast when they're not busy!!!!

Even when they're packed I'm so shocked how food comes out fast. Customer service has always been great!!!
For a K-Food restaurant, they close waaay too early and the Kim Chi is  terrible. So terrible, that a non-Korean like myself actually noticed. 

But I still had to eat the dull, and almost-brownish cabbage side dish because I still had to get my monies worth after paying 11 bucks.

The price is more like $$ rather than one $ in terms of food portions, however, that could be that little Ronald McDonald deep down inside screaming, "SUPER SIZE ME!."  So I guess I need to condition myself for these smaller portions. 

But I can safely say that most of the food is on the tasty side. For example, $9.75 for a small bowl of hot bibim bap (not including taxes) filled with mostly vegetables is a bit outrageous if you are not on a diet, yet the sweet and spicy mixing paste that goes along with the bibim bap is the best I had for that particular type of dish. When i got tired of the hot bibim bap, I went for the D40, otherwise known as the Kimchi Dolsot with bulgogi added ( at an additional cost, of course ) . 

I also noticed that the food portions are better when you come earlier in the day. This is probably because they have so many customers ordering the same dishes throughout that when you come at night, you are greeted with smaller portions of meat ( bulgogi ) . 

Other than that this is the nearest Korean place I can go to before and after classes so I really have no choice when it comes to K-Food, and they know this, hence higher prices.
Came back recently and noticed that updated their menu. It is now legible and easy to understand which is a huge plus for first-timers. It is self-serve but everyone there is very friendly.

The food is average and I wouldn't say it's authentic korean but close enough. To compare it, Koreana is like the korean food you'd get at a (korean) corner store. Not really korean but not really american but still addicting.
A bit difficult to find. This place is located around the backside of a plaza, facing completely away from the road, and when I tried to call the number listed on Yelp, it was out of service.  If I hadn't been intent on finding this place (and therefore walking in a huge circle around the whole plaza, finally spotting this place in the back), we probably wouldn't have found it.

There are some picnic tables outside and lots of no-frills tables inside.  A lot of hungry diners already there and a line quickly forms.  A lot of diners struck me as college students so don't be surprised if you hear things like "oh my gawd, [so and so's] face annoys me".  The good, inexpensive food makes up for it and I like that there are colorful pictures accompanying each dish on the menu up front.  It's self-serve water, soy and sriracha sauce.  Once the waitress deposits your food, don't expect further attention but who needs attention when you have yummy food before you?  I'd come back again for the food.
They now deliver and have coconut bubble tea.

Koreana, get out of my head.
Always a solid place to go for Korean food in University City. It's not restaurant caliber, nor does it try to be. Instead, it's a nice fast-food korean joint. Solid sized portions, yummy food, decent prices, and a courteous wait staff.

For me, portion size is pretty important and they do pretty well at filling me up, especially with their dolsot (hot stone pot) dishes. Recently, they added korean fried chicken wings to their menu and they're spot on. Not the best I've had, but easily the best in the immediate area. The kim bap (korean sushi) is a good go-to as well.

Korean food can get quite pricey, but it's not so bad here. Depending on your budget, not a place to go every night, but maybe for the weekend or something. The staff here is super nice and even though it's not a restaurant, will bring the food directly to your table and occasionally clean it up for you as well. I talked to the owner Mike once when here for a late lunch and he was a really cool guy with an interesting backstory. Always nice when he's around.

To end, best korean food in the immediate area. You'd have to go to North Philly or NYC for something better. For most people, I could easily see this as a 5 star place.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I CANNOT stop raving about this little homey Korean joint.  Every single time I crave Korean (and that's more often than acceptable), this is the only place that satisfies.  I am a hardcore lover of bibimbap, and their dol sot bibimbap (#6 on the menu) is incomparable to any others I've had.

They recently renovated the place and seating has increased a little.  I must admit, though, the dining area can be a little tight during rush lunch and dinner hours, but there's an "upstairs" that you can retreat to, but I usually end up on the main floor anyway.

Back to the food, all of the dishes I've had have never disappointed.  Their portions are definitely worth the money you pay for, and the staff is always friendly.  The ONLY thing I wish Koreana would serve are those unlimited little side dishes that Korean cuisine are well-known for.  But the bright atmosphere of the place and absolute mouth-watering deliciousness (I wish my food descriptive vocabulary was more vast to describe how amazing Koreana is) of the menu has me coming back over and over again, and never will my love for this place fail.  Never.
This place is pretty hard to find. You have to kind of go into the parking lot behind the indian and furniture store and you'll see some picnic tables. Despite the unassuming location, the food is amazing. I got the chicken jayook and it was hearty and delicious. It's the perfect amount of food and makes you want to fall asleep after. I can see why it's so popular! Definitely recommend coming back.
I give this place a 3.5 star - this may change as I try more dishes, but I liked how you just order at the counter and they bring you your food right away. I order the kimchee bokum bap, and it was great - looked just like it did in the picture! (That was my first thought). The place is clearly meant to be there for college students - great idea. Quick, pretty-good, Korean food. I'll be back there again.
Food is OK. But the delivery takes literally 90 FUCKING MINS! We complained after we had been waited  for 70 MINS and they refused to take it seriously until we got really angry. They should hire more people to do the delivery! I admit that 2 stars does not reflect the quality of the food there, but given my ruined mood on a Friday night, I will not regret giving them a low score. 

Think it over before you decide to go.
Good bubble tea, good Korean food. Tough to find, but there's parking! For free! Be careful, there are only a few spots. Service is slow, but it's a mom-and-pop and the owners are friendly. A good spot for someone looking for super-casual Korean food and bubble tea.
I came here for lunch today, and it was A-OK! Opting for the kimchi fried rice, I soon realized that it was not among the best that I have had, but perhaps I have been spoiled by Manhattan's Koreatown. Also, because the weather was lovely and they have outside tables, I was able to enjoy my fare under the sun.

All in all, Koreana is a decent lunch option in the area!
There are not a whole lot of good options for Asian food in University City, which is odd, considering there are a whole lot of Asian people in University City. Koreana is no exception to this generalized mediocrity (though I am a fan of the recent renovations).

The pros are that the food comes out real quick. The prices are also lower than most other Korean places, but they have gone up a few dollars over the past few years (which I am a little bitter about). The con is that the food is just not particularly good. The kimchi is never fresh, and I have taken to just asking them to not give it to me so I won't end up inevitably throwing it in the trash. Many of the dishes are lacking authenticity and quality of ingredients. The dolsot bibimbap is a complete travesty - the rice around the bowl isn't even crispy! There are, however, some items that are pretty solid. I am a fan of the omurice (rice covered in an egg casing) and some of the fried rice is decent (though it is hard to mess up fried rice). The shaved ice is unexpectedly good and may be my favorite thing on the menu.

For someone who isn't a big fan of this place, I have come here fairly often. It's not that I detest the restaurant; it's just that you have to go in with a different mindset - similar to how you wouldn't walk into Panda Express expecting amazing Chinese food. For a quick, cheap, Asian-ish lunch, I'd come here. Or maybe just stop by a food truck.
This is perhaps my favorite restaurant near Penn. It is run in a quasi-self-serve fashion. You first order and pay at the counter, and then your food is delivered to your table. As a result, there is no need to tip, and everything on the menu is between $6.50 and $9. The owners of the restaurant, Charley and Mike, are very friendly towards their frequent customers. The food is very high quality. To keep prices low, the menu is a bit heavier on rice and noodle dishes, although some meat-heavy dishes are available in the $8+ range.

This is the type of casual place that I go to twice a week with my buddies. If you want a "formal" Korean restaurant where you will have to pay more, but receive more formal service, go to Hanwool instead. Given the tasty food and low prices, I go to Koreana far more often.
This is a decent little Korean place. 

I highly recommend you look at their website because it is hilarious, but I digress.

Koreana is not really a place you should visit if it's out of your way. The menu is pretty big for as small of a place as it is. I was kind of disappointed with the food though. It was a little bland and cold. Also, my friend was not given the correct dish. She asked for a vegetarian pancake and it came out with seafood. They were a little stingy with the meat but the portions were okay. I would definitely come to Koreana for snacks and the like if I lived in the area. Otherwise, it's nothing too out of the ordinary. The quest for Philly's best Korean food goes on...
Koreana is a total hole-in-the-wall but is one of the few places in University City offering authentic Korean food in a counter-service setting. The Squid Dolsot Bibimbap was a stone pot of rice, spicy squid, and vegetables including onions, scallions, and carrots, all topped with a fried egg. The rice was premixed with lots of gochujang and didn't crisp up as much as I would've liked, but the bibimbap had a nice, surprisingly spicy flavor. We also got an order of Kimbap, a seaweed and rice roll with a filling of fish cake, egg, imitation crab, carrots, and takuan (pickled daikon), served with a sesame and soy dipping sauce. As at any good Korean restaurant, the kimchi was complimentary but Koreana's was definitely past its prime, as it had an extremely sour and salty flavor. Overall, though, this staple of University City was a great place for no frills Korean food in a casual setting!
The Shrimp Du Bop is amazing. Lots of shrimp in a flavorful sauce. I could eat this again and again.
First and foremost, DO NOT go there if it is packed.  It gets really hectic and you may end up waiting a long while.  I got the bulgogi and it was really good.  I also recommend the passion fruit bubble tea (though its more like a passion fruit slushi).  The tapioca is perfect.  I have tried multiple bubble teas in Philadelphia and they're all clumpy and hard/undercooked.  MF had the coconut bubble tea, which was also really good, though it's more thick and creamy, rather than on the slushi side.

I can definitely respect a small mom-pop shop running an honest business that is customer oriented.
I've been to Koreana a handful of times over the years. I used to love the Koreana wings but after my most recent visit, I can't help but to think that the chicken has dropped in quality. The flavor is still on point; however, there was more gristle and overall poorer quality meat than I previously remember. I'll note that I haven't ever tried anything else on the menu. For that reason, I'd be willing to give Koreana another shot but next time I'll be sure to order something other than the wings.
Came here for the first time (FINALLY!!!) for some Korean food with my friends. I understand that there's not a lot of good Korean restaurants around Philly, but I was still disappointed with the food here. I got a tofu bibimbop (cold), and I literally counted only 3 pieces of tofu. (Like, seriously?) plus, if it weren't for the gochujang sauce, the rice and veggies just taste so bland. 

Overall, not a place I'd recommend, although I like that it's just across the street from my dorm. If I wanted Korean food, I'd rather go to Southgate instead.
tofu kimchi dolsot (no kimchi if you're vegetarian because the kimchi has fish sauce!!) for $9.95

apparently this place is BYO 

amazing staff 

what more do you need
The aggregate 3.5 rating is probably more accurate, but I'm reflecting on all the times I've eaten here (semi-regularly), and I can't help but bump it up to a 4. Koreana's not the most authentic Korean food out there, that's for sure, but it'll do. Sometimes you just want decent and dependable, and that's what you'll get here.

I've tried: the wings (by no means BonChon level in terms of size or crisipiness, but like I said: it'll do, especially when you're in the mood for Korean fried chicken), the bulgogi-laden ddukbokki (could be spicier, but it's nice that it's not TOO spicy, so I can share with my less Scoville-inclined meal mates), the kimbab, the soondubu (spicy soft tofu stew), various fried rice options, the haemul jeon (seafood pancake), and the bulgogi wrap. I will say that their more traditional Korean options are better than the fusion stuff -- idk what the fuss is over the wrap because it's just not my cup of tea, but, hey, whatever floats your boat.

Other nice stuff: boricha (barley tea, usually warm) and water for free, no tip, takes credit cards, and carries all sorts of fun Asian snacks and goodies at the front (yup... we've definitely eaten those panda bites as an appetizer).
Mmmmmmmmmmmm...

... mmmmmmmmmm...

... mmmmmmmmmm...

Yeah. That about sums it up. Dol sot jeeyok pork in a portion the size of your head, with soup and kim chi as sides. Tasty, tasty dumplings. End it all with a prostitute, and congratulations, you've just destroyed any possibility of getting anything done post Koreana food-binge.

I'm always a sucker for Korean for the same reasons I love Vietnamese: fresh, diverse flavors all mashed up into a single dish. I have no idea how authentic it is, but Koreana pulls this off with flying colors, and they do it so fast that you barely have time to wonder why this place is hidden behind Abner's.

This place is one of my favorite lunch spots, so if you hang out in UCity, and hate my guts, beware. Cause I'm not stoppin' for nothin'!

Pro-tip:
The lunch and dinner rushes here can be brutal. Prepare to wait a bit for a seat during these hours.
Spicy wings were really spicy but good.  The rest of food was semi-inedible.  Regardless, food is NOT Korean!!!!  Dolsot with pork was disgusting.  My husband got spicy pork dish which was not spicy at all.  Service was slow, place was packed but so cramped that it was difficult to breathe with knocking someone off their feet.  Parking is a plus but as a Korean, am offended by this place's existence.
Nice place with a great Korean and "street food" and "hole in the wall" vibe. Massive selection of Korean dishes! Got the tofu soup which was served in quite a big portion, and was very tasty and not too spicy. It's a small place, and wait time is not bad at all.
not that authentic...  flavors in the soups have always been really bland and watery.  Ive only dined here 3 times but I've never been really satisfied.  

in a good location, and caters primarily to students in the area. 

unfortunately,  the truth is.... all the best Korean restaurants are all in not so great areas. =T
I ate at Koreana 2-3 times a week when I lived in Philly.  The ambiance is really casual, cafeteria style, but the food is better than the fancier places in Center City (such as Miga, which I hear is now closed).  

The best things I've had there are the spicy stir fried squid and the mandoo duk gook.  The squid is usually really well cooked and nice and spicy.  Every so often if can be a little too greasy or not spicy enough.  The mandoo duk gook is excellent.  I'm very picky about this dish and strongly prefer homemade; even in nice places this is often done poorly.  It's consistently high quality at Koreana.  Flavorful broth, a lot of mandoo which are really tasty ones, not the cheap frozen kind, good amount of duk, and the 'extras' in the broth like scallions and beef strips combine for a filling meal that's perfect for a cold day.  

The things that could be done better are the cold bibimbap which is a little bland (though I don't really like that dish in general so maybe it's just me) and the bulgogi lunch combo is just ok, nothing special.  A friend ordered a bbq chicken dish that was pretty bland.  Overall though great place and I will definitely go back.
I got the spicy jaeyuk dol sot bap. So..for the price $8ish, it's a good amount. Enough to fill up a guy. But way too greasy and you could tell the pork they use is all fatty. 2 of my pieces were just covered up in fat and I had to put it aside. If you are looking for something fast but don't wanna go to a fast food, this place can be an option. But I don't know if I would actually go here again. I'd rather place $2 less and get the same greasy food from a truck or something for the same or bigger portion. 
It's also self-service so you get your own water and napkins. (they bring out the food to you though). I didn't see people leave tip so if this is something you care about, this is an advantage for you~
This review is only for their bubble tea.
One day this weekend, I was sad that T-Bowl had closed (T-Bowl had some average bubble tea but some above average tapioca before they closed down probably cuz their rice bowls were wayy too expensive)  and a friend told me that Koreana served bubble tea in addition to their usual korean fast-ish-food.  Well, after attempting to get a lychee milk tea, I was told that lychee and milk "Just doesn't taste right".... oh really now? I always get lychee milk teas at other bubble tea places and they are fantastic.  Anyway, I settled on a $3.25 small "milk tea" original bubble tea, and after waiting 5 minutes for it, I took one sip and threw the entire thing out in the nearest garbage can.  Bubble tea SUCKS!!!  Don't even waste your time or money on the bubble tea here. The tapioca isn't great, but it's the taste of the heavy powder/or/something/metallic in the "tea" slash gross powdery sugar water that just didn't sit right with me. BLEUUUGHGHH!!
I was in the mood for korean food but didn't feel like going up to cheltenham, so we came here because it was close to home.

The food is okay. My boyfriend's dolsot bibimbap was much better than my kimchi bokkeum bap which was lacking any flavor whatsoever.. we had no banchan because we didn't know how to get them but we didn't care much to find out.

It was our first time here and I was not satisfied.
Well...Koreana is GOOD. To students in University City, Koreana is definitely a go-to restaurant. If I don't want to take the trolley/transportation to Chinatown for asian food, I always walk to Koreana. 

The majority of customers are students-and it looks like most of them are asian (which is a good sign). Even my korean friends are ok with the food. 

It's HOT, it's pretty fast, it's yummy!! 3 stars (it could be more authentic)
It could be pricey if you are picky about that.

Overall, when I'm craving Korean/Asian food- I go to Koreana!! The fourth star is for the convenience.

Koreana is gonna get me through college!
Came in from NY for an exam, so I had to stay at the nearby Sheraton. I tried ordering in from some Chinese delivery places, but a $15 minimum was a bit too much for dinner for one.

And so began my quest for food in University City.

I started walking down Chestnut (which is quite a nice neighborhood) and walked by Han Wool. I looked it up on Yelp and was uninterested. I did however find reviews on Koreana to be positively intriguing.

When trying to find this place, one must take note that it is hidden. There is a group of restaurants on the corner that share a parking lot. The entrance to this restaurant is not on the sidewalk, but in the parking lot.

Despite being Asian, I know very little about Korean food. When reading the menu, I felt like a white person at a Chinese restaurant without a picture menu. Therefore, I went with a fail-safe option: sweet and sour fried pork. Unfortunately, that dish was no longer being offered, so they gave me chicken instead. I was pleasantly surprised when the order came with a soup and kimchee. What I had initially thought of as NY prices for a dish became simply overpriced (a downgrade). It was delicious.

Also, they are fast. They cooked my meal in minutes.

+1 service
+1 taste
+1 options
+0.5 portion
+0.5 price

Glad I went. I probably will never return to University City, but I will at least recommend this to those who do go there.
Order delivery to the hospital I work. When the delivery guy came, he called me twice within 3 minutes in a very rude tone to tell me he's been waiting a long time. When I got downstairs I couldn't find him because he's waiting in his car, mind you there are several other cars there, how would I know where you are. I finally found him and proceeded to get my food from the driver side window and again he tells me he's been waiting for a while and expecting a tip when this whole transaction since the first time he called was probably not more than 5 minutes. 


Now on to the food; I had an order of Kimchi fried rice and shrimp fried rice and they both tasted meh, however, the pork and veg dumplings  were very tasty. I guess it's an acquired taste. Probably wouldnt order from there again.
This place is little gem. The food is really good, would say the nailed most of the dishes we had. The overall place was definitely not fancy, but that didn't seem to be their marketing target. It didn't blow me away, but I will probably come back once I'm sick of dining hall food. Plus the prices are cheaper in comparison to other places.
I hesitate to give 5 stars to a restaurant, but when I tried to think of any negatives about this place, I couldn't come up with anything. This place is really good... and I mean REALLY good!
I had the dolsot bibimbap, and it was spot on. A perfect mix of ingredients in a sizzling hot bowl. It was delicious and spicy. I also had to try the spicy Korean wings, and they were honestly some of the best wings I've ever had. Nice and crispy with just enough heat in the sauce. They tasted great! The wings are a must-try, trust me on this one. My wife had some spicy noodle soup that she loved, and my son had the Korean pancake-also a hit with him! 
The restaurant is a little hard to find. It shares a building with a sandwich shop, and another Asian restaurant. The only sign is a small one in front of the building on Chestnut St, and the entrance to Koreana is on the side of the building (if you pull into the parking lot on the left side of the building, you will see it). 
Excellent food, excellent service, and decent prices. I will most definitely be back, that is a promise!
Back again, and still the best wings ever. Wife and I also split the Bulgogi Wrap this time around, and we were both blown away! A tortilla stuffed with rice, Bulgogi and vegetables. When I say stuffed, I mean STUFFED! Absolutely delicious!
I have only been to a few Korean restaurants so I admit I am not an expert on Korean food. I've been to Koreana twice and left very happy both times. I love that the menu has pictures. You order at the register, get a number and a few minutes later, your super hot Korean dish is on your table. Service is good and very fast. Guy that works the register (who I believe may be the owner or manager) makes great recommendations. My friend and I both at our two visits ordered 3 meals and split them because we couldn't make up our mind. Everything that we tried is really good. The soups are very temperature hot so be careful. Food is reasonably priced at about $8.  I live in Bella Vista which has many great restaurants but no Korean and the trip to University City when I am craving Korean is definitely worth it. If you love spicy food, you should go here.
One day during work I got a beef bulgogi lunch box from Koreana. I love me some Korean lunch boxes and this took me back to my childhood. Perks for me were the generous serving of beef and how light but appetizing the flavor was. I also liked the range of things included in the box including the fried dumplings, sushi (which was also good!), edamame, and bulgogi. I would get takeout from here again!
If you come here, do not order the galbi tang (beef stew). I believe they add eggs to it, and instead of a stew, you get an egg drop soup with few pieces of beef. Contrary to another reviewer, I liked their kimchi and found it better than another Korean restaurant.

They also sell bubble tea, which was just so-so. It takes a while for them to make the bubble tea though.
Koreana always satisfies my craving for Korean food, which comes randomly but quite aggressively as well. If I want Korean food, I MUST HAVE IT NOW and suddenly its pursuit consumes my mind until I have my first bite of Bi Bim Bap or Duk Bogi or Tofu Jigae or whatever I decide to get - which is great that Koreana is conveniently located on Penn's campus meaning that I can go directly from class to fulfilling my craving instantly.

Food is consistent but sometimes I just go for their bubble tea because it is really, really GOOD. I've tried many variations and I just can't get enough. It doesn't even matter if its winter, I will go get my bubble tea (and Korean food) from Koreana come rain or shine.
It's no secret that good korean food is hard to come by in Philly. When I discovered Koreana, I was really excited walking in because this place reminded me of a korean pojangmacha (street/tent food), but the food certainly did not taste as good. I ordered the yuk gae jang and a friend got the buddae jjigae. Buddae jiggae is seriously impossible to mess up (how can you go wrong with sausage, ramen, rice cake and kimchi) so I was seriously disappointed to find that both were extremely bland and watery. I also ordered a taro bubble tea, which was excessively sweet. Needless to say I didn't finish anything I ordered, but maybe their other food is better?
Koreana is undoubtedly a hole in the wall, but is also my go-to place to eat. Just a few of its merits: portions are huge, the staff is friendly, prices are reasonable, and the food is amazing. They also have a huge selection of Chinese, Korean, and Japanese snacks at the front for purchase.

I've tried several dishes on the menu, but I always return to the squid dolsot (D9), which comes sizzling in a hot stone pot with vegetables, squid, and an egg on top. The dish is spicy, but nothing super unmanageable. It also comes with a massive amount of rice, and my favorite part is getting a sear on the rice from the hot bowl.

Be sure to get here early during dinner on weekends - it gets packed very quickly. Note: there's a $5 minimum for any card charges.
Delicious affordable Korean food. I am always a fan of Korean food since I was in Vietnam. I was detached to this fantastic goodness for a long time because we have no Korean restaurant in where I currently live. I was more than excited to visit a Korean restaurant and Koreana did not let me down. My friend and I had Korean chicken wings and Kimchi soup. I ended up loving this place .
I really don't know why the reviews for this place aren't higher! This is probably the best Korean place for the price outside of Olney and Cheltenham. Cheapest handmade kimbap that actually tastes good, and the galbitang was warm and very sizeable for the price. The only negative that I could immediately see was the staff as they don't seem very capable of managing their peak hours. To be fair, some people were being super demanding, but they have to keep in mind that good Korean food takes a little bit of time, and when you multiply that by several people in a tiny kitchen, of course you're going to experience a wait. 

Another issue would be the concept overall. I really think having real table service and take-out would help them control the demand a bit better. I'm not a huge fan of the trays, as I've read from some of the reviews on here.

Honestly, I like that this place is no frills because this is how these kinds of restaurants are in Korea. Of course, a bit cheaper, but this is by far the best bang-for-your-buck Korean restaurant in Philly.
Meh..I wish there were better korean food places in Philly. It's still a prayer request for me...hahaha. 
My friend and I drove across the city in search of naengmyun. When we ordered there was a mixup of the orders. Although I said the order number (let's say it was 36), I said I wanted naengmyun twice and even pointed to it on the menu. Apparently there were two different items on the menu with the same number. Talk about confusing for all parties involved. So imagine my surprise when she brought a sizzling stew my way. Of course I told her again that I ordered naengmyun. The girl tried to give the food to me anyway. She seemed very confused. Perhaps next time don't have the same number for two different items...and read context clues or pay attention when I say the food name. It was frustrating because I wasn't sure if she just wasn't getting it or if there was language barrier.
The other guy took care of it very professionally.

Now...the food on the other hand, had much to be desired. My friends bibim naengmyun had way too much gochujang. It was pretty drenched in it and she could not finish it.
Also the noodles were in complete shreds and overcooked. Such a letdown since we were craving this for a while.
Small, hole in the wall place. Decent prices for decent food. I would recommend for Korean small plates. I have never tried anything else aside from spicy rice cakes and kimbap. But I might give their bibimbap a try next time.
Service was very quick.  Food was delicious.  Value was good.

I ordered a pork galbi box and the food came out about 6 minutes later (I arrived about 15 minutes after they opened).  Surprisingly fast.  Dumplings and kim bap were excellent in the dipping sauce.  Salad was just salad, that's all I'll say about that.  The soup was light and testy.  Then finally the pork and rice was very flavorful and savory.  Temperature of the food was perfect.
Pretty annoyed at the waiting situation I had to do at Koreana. I asked if I should wait or come back later, and even though they said it was okay to wait, they must've not understood me because I was waiting for an hour or so to get my food. Inside. While they sat there. I kept making eye contact and I was waiting for anyone to give me a heads up about wait times or anything, but nope. Just sat there. Waste of time, it seems like you should be able to effectively communicate with customers if you have a business. No one seems in charge. Perhaps the hours on all platforms are wrong. Seems like you should publicize the hours that you take a break. The budae jjigae tasted like nothing more that instant ramen with some sausage in it. Can't believe I paid so much for that.
The go-to place for fast, cheap Korean food in University City. Hole-in-the-wall type place where the entrance is technically the back of the building and the seating area is relatively small, but the service is great (if you go there enough they remember you; you order at the counter and grab a seat) and the food is good for the price. 

I always get the dolsot/bibimbap rice bowls, but their soups are great as well. Not a huge fan of their smoothies/bubble tea, but they provide water. Dishes are around $10 or less. Great place to go if you're craving Korean without breaking the bank!
Koreana is my go to place for Korean food in University City. This is affirmed by the fact that every time I've eaten here with a friend, the restaurant is packed with customers, making for at times very cosy seating arrangements.

Of the many dishes we've tried from the menu, all of which are seasoned quite authentically, the best dish that I come back for again and again is the bulgogi bi bim bap, which comes in a piping hot clay pot that turns the rice into a layer of slightly burnt and crusty yummy goodness. The marinated beef is well seasoned and the fried egg is a nice touch. For appetizers, my friends and I love to share the soy and spicy flavored deep fried wings and the kimbap. Both are sizable portions and very tasty!
I was introduced to Koreana recently after many years of walking by it and wondering about it. I'm not very well versed in Korean food, so I waited until I could go with someone more knowledgeable who could recommend some good dishes to try. I'm really happy that I've finally tried Koreana, and I've since been back several times. 

Koreana has a zero-frills ambiance. It's setup to be an ultra-casual spot where you can get some good food for a good price and get out. My favorite dishes there are the bulgogi hot pot and the bibim bap. Both are served in a super-hot stone bowl, which crisps up the rice at the bottom progressively as you eat. I found to be a really unique textural experience, to have the crisped rice alongside the soft rice. I recommend getting some hot sauce with these dishes and mixing it in. They also come with a nice soup on the side. I think the dish runs about about $9 or so. 

They also have a few picnic tables outside for nice days (or when it's too crowded to eat inside). 

Definitely recommend trying them out.
Koreana's delivery hours don't always match up with late night hunger pangs, but it's worthwhile to let responsible you plan ahead and order for flavor craving future you.  The fried man doo have always been winners for me here.  They somehow arrive still crisp and dissolve into pillow goodness with a dipping sauce that is made with care, not a sloppy afterthought like so many other dipping sauces I have known!  Much appreciated, Koreana!  I also like that you can have bubble tea delivered and that they come in a cute sealed cup.  Note that although they give a delivery estimate of two hours, I've never had to wait that long.
Cheap, Good Korean food! Yeahhhhhhhhhhh baby!  This place used to be, really, just a fast food spot, not fancy, no frills, styrofoam plates - and $5 meals.. They have stepped up their game folks - expanded the restaurant, increased the amount of dishes on the menu, and subsequently increased the prices (only $1-$2 though).  With friends we ordered the jab chae, and two different types of hot bi bim bop - one with pork and one with chicken.  They only come with kimchi - but its still all good - good quality, good food, good service, good price.. What more could you ask for?
This place is pretty good, with friendly service and good fare at good prices.

Food: 4/5
Most of the stuff I've tried here is pretty tasty. My favorite is D11, which is bulgogi, veggies and rice all in a heated stone bowl. Pretty awesome and authentic tasting stuff. Prices are reasonable for the area. Perhaps this place may need some work before it can compare with some pretty amazing Korean food places in SoCal, but in Philly it's definitely one of the best.

Delivery is usually quick and convenient, although they only seem to allow delivery orders after a certain time in the day.

Service: 5/5
The owners of this establishment are very friendly and often go out of their way to make sure you're happy.

Atmosphere: 3.5/5
The location is generally quite clean, but because people bring their own plates to a dish drop-off, tables are sometimes a little unclean. That said, however, the cleaning staff is relatively quick in ensuring that tables are clean. Decor is minimal, although the place overall is quite cozy and inviting. Something about the acoustics of the interior make the place quite loud when it gets busy, which is most of the time (which, admittedly, is a testament to the fact that it is one of the few decent Korean food establishments within a 15 block radius of the area).

OVERALL: 4/5. 
I really like this place, and there aren't many things I would change about it. With very friendly owners and some really tasty, affordable fare, I'll be back soon.
Koreana, why did it take me so long to find you? Is it because you're hidden behind place I will never go to (Chilis, Abners, Atlantis Gentleman's Club)? Is it because I usually pack my lunch, and so haven't fully explored my near-work options? I don't know, but there is just no excuse. I'm sorry. 

I can only give three stars now, because I've had better BimBimBop, but your service was fast and friendly and fairly priced. I'll be back for another shot.
Unfortunately, I have to retract my aforementioned comment on their bubble teas. I usually never order any of their fruity flavored bubble teas, but I did a few weekends ago. Huge mistake because it was powder based. Sorry, powdered fruit is unacceptable and I won't be repeating that mistake again.
Although not everything on their menu is my favorite, I really do love all their food that come in stone bowls like D8 chicken (chicken Jaeyook) or their bibimbap in stone bowl. The rice gets crispy and tastes so yummy! It's a little spicy so be sure to grab lots of water. Koreana also has Korean and Asian snacks and ramen you can purchase on the side. Also their fried chicken is bomb. Way better than bonchon in Chinatown philly.
So I decided to order Koreana for lunch (delivery). When I got my food, I noticed that I was missing part of my order. I called the restaurant to let them know and they told me that they changed the menu a year ago and never updated it. They said that the meal I ordered doesn't come with vegetables anymore, even though it was indicated with vegetables on the menu. I asked the chef if he would send me a new batch of mixed vegetables because I was rather disappointed and thought it unprofessional to deliver food not as described on the menu, and what I got was the tiny bowl of vegetables seen in the picture below. These are straight from a freezer bag and microwaved with no sauce, not to mention there was about 2 bites worth of food in the whole bowl! On top of that, the bubble tea I ordered didn't contain milk even though I explicitly asked for it. Terrible experience. I feel cheated. Do yourself a favor and order elsewhere!
After a long day of traveling and driving around the city, what do I do? Grab some bibimbap. Koreana is a nice and cozy place to grab a bite. Seating is very limited, so go during their off peak hours because it can get crowded easily. The portions were sizeable. With my bibimbap, it can with a soup and bowl of rice. My only negative comment would be their trays. 

It seemed that their trays were overheated in the dish washer or something and were warped. My friend and I had to put counter weights so the trays was straight. Overall, good food.
Now, I must say that this is only getting five stars in comparison to other Korean spots in Philly. I actually lived in Korea for a while, so I am perpetually disappointed by the price/quality/portions of Korean food in America. That said, Koreana actually cranked out a decent yukgaejang, even if it wasn't nearly spicy enough. Also, the gochujang there isn't too hot either. Maybe next time I'll ask in Korean for something spicy.

Anyway, the selection is quite good, so you're bound to find just about everything you'd find in your typical Korean Kimbap Nara or what have you. My friend had the dolsot bibimbap, which looked quite tasty. I only wish I'd given Korean food a shot while I was at Penn...I missed four good years of this place!
