Our normal sushi delivery spot wasn't open so we tried Koto on a whim, and our delivery experience was pretty great. We ordered the vegetable gyoza, which had a perfect chew and flavorful filling. For rolls, my husband had the spicy tuna and salmon avocado, while I had the spicy tuna and tuna avocado. We shared an angel roll, as well. Everything was packaged nicely and the prices were fair. I'd try them again!
Tried this place for the first time today. We definitely have a new go to for sushi! Probably the most amazing shrimp tempura I've ever had. My husband got the teriyaki chicken which was fantastic. The service is stellar and the price is great! It wasn't busy today (Sunday, lunch) and we got right in. Will definitely be back next weekend!
We loved the food and hospitality here! 
Whether you're in the mood for hibachi, sushi, tempura and teriyaki meals, poke' bowls, including a make your own option (with tofu as a protein choice), hand rolls, or maybe something a tad unique with a bit of a fusion touch such as lobster bao, creamy edamame soup or lobster miso soup, this is your place! 

It's a bit of an odd location in the heart of Jewelers' Row and we're thinking that's why it was completely empty on a Sunday night. The area definitely seems like it would draw more of a lunch crowd, that's also when they run specials. 

We all loved our rolls and they even made hubs his own creation of tempura pumpkin, crab and avocado and they added peanut to their avocado rolls for the kiddos. Don't hesitate to ask if you don't see something on the menu. Substitutions including brown rice may cost $1 up-charge. 

Crab seaweed salad, lobster miso and shitaki mushroom and California sushi were also thoroughly enjoyed.  Everything was fresh and tasty. The soup was a lobster bisque base with a big hunk of fried tofu. So different. 

Everything was plated beautifully and the kids really got a kick out of the changing colored light they placed in the center of the platter. 

We met the owner JJ and he was a doll. He made sure to come out from the semi open kitchen and introduce himself. He also made the girls a balloon animal! Our waitress was also very kind and on top of everything. We felt welcomed warmly and well taken care of by both. 

They offer a VIP card which earns you points towards a $5 off coupon. Sign up if you think you'll be dining again!

Don't forget to check in for 10% off your total and drop your business card in the bucket by the register for a chance to earn a free meal. 

We will certainly be back! No complaints at all.

There's so many tempting options on the extensive menu we could come often and never have the same thing twice! Vegan friendly.
Believe all the positive reviews!

The location is odd-in the middle of Jewelers Row-but you don't eat the location, do you?

The interior is unremarkable though I must point out the homey, faux linen throw pillows with positive affirmations placed in the banquettes. My first thought was 'how frigging weird' but as I sat and ate-well-they fit right in with the hospitality at Koto.

While I love sushi, the day I visited here with a group was not only a cold, blustery day but I had a bad cold as well so food that was not hot was the last thing I wanted to eat. While everyone else ordered sushi, sashimi, seaweed salad and combos of the aforementioned, I opted for a bento box lunch and was chuffed as hell with what I got. 

Walking in, you are greeted very pleasantly and upon being seated, you get a menu immediately. I don't think there is anything ground breaking on Koto's menu though the freshness of the food elevates anything you order to a most superior status.

My chicken katsu bento box lunch consisted of the ubiquitous miso soup starter which as a rule I just put aside. Maybe it was my congested head or the wintery weather outside, but as soon as the bowl was placed in front of me, I made short work of the soup. Surprisingly it was quite good and I could taste everything in it-scallions, seaweed, the umami of the miso. Even the comforting blandness of the tofu cubes was good. The garden salad was nothing more than pale bits of iceberg lettuce in a tiny bowl but it was bathed in that yellow, gingery Asian restaurant dressing and to my illness addled palate, it was a zingy pleasure to eat.  

The "box" lunch came on a divided plate and it was plentiful. The chicken katsu was a not quite palm size serving. It was moist and lightly breaded. While fried, it was not greasy, dried out nor did it give any indication of being weird chicken like meat as I have found in some bento lunches. There was a savory/sweet dipping sauce on the side. Along with the chicken was a mound of steamed white rice which was in addition to the vegetable fried rice I'd also ordered. Being sick makes me crave carbs and while Koto's fried rice was not remarkable or even notable, it satisfied me. 

Also on my plate were 2 pork gyozas, nicely browned on their bottoms, tender and juicy, a few fried cubes of Japanese sweet potato, a wee serving of very crisp and grease free broccoli and shrimp tempura with a ponzu dipping sauce and 2 slices of California roll. Since there was surimi (aka faux crab stick) in the rolls, I passed them along to a fellow diner who was curious to try them. He praised their freshness and was not put off by the ersatz crab. Bully for him, y'know?

There was no issue with our group getting separate checks and all our orders came quickly and correctly from a very sweet, upbeat and polite waiter. Water was constantly refilled and we were all checked on several times as we enjoyed our lunch.

Undoubtedly no one goes to a sushi place with dessert in mind but if you do have a sweet tooth, know that there are several flavors of mochi available-2 mochi balls to a serving. A sweet little touch-when you get your check, you also get a mini candy bar. Trick or treat size. Everyone one in our party got something different-Heath Bar, Kit Kat, Nestles Crunch and so on.


Half a dozen of us lingered and chatted after we'd paid our bill and we were not shooed out or asked pointedly and repeatedly "can I get you anything else?!" which is restaurant code for 'get the eff out!' 

If you are looking for a pleasant, low key, basic sushi fix of very fresh food at a reasonable price in most hospitable surroundings, look no further than this little gem nestled in Jewelers Row.
Good quality at reasonable prices. The staff was very friendly and the manager/owner/chef made a point to introduce himself and make sure everything was going well.

The quality of the fish is pretty good and the specialty roll I had was quite tasty. This is definitely one of the better sushi joints in center city and if you live nearby, definitely stop by or order take out.
Had a nice sushi/sashimi take away lunch at a new place today!  

My meal also came with some tasty miso soup filled with seaweed.

Had to order online which didn't have any pictures with the food, but I took a chance because it was just seven pieces sashimi and four sushi with a tuna roll. It did not specify what each piece was going to be, and I was ready.

I got the text message quickly saying it would be ready in 10-15 minutes and I was early to the restaurant. I had to wait a few extra minutes as they were busy preparing other orders. 

The lunch I got is pictured and everything was fresh. The whole thing was quite filling.

What I don't like was within the web ordering they add an "automatic" tip, tax, and a convenience fee. Not a fan of the convenience fee at all no matter how much it is. I would like to add my own tip, and I guess I could have changed what the website put in, but I was in a hurry and just left it.

Once at the restaurant, you go in the door and they have a trap box to retrieve the food from the staff. Very contactless! 

$21 for lunch including all the fees. I'll have to try Koto Sushi again soon.
So we have ordered from here a few times. We were packing up our entire apartment to move out of Philly in 1.5 days because of the Hahnemann closing debacle. 

My little sushi roll was craving sushi the evening prior. She was also craving thai. I asked my asian friend who has a BIG DICK when it comes to asian food. We inquired as to any place in the city that has both thai AND sushi and she was HORRIFIED. I was treated like Hitler essentially for even entertaining the thought in my mind. SORRY, I'M WHITE. We went with Thai so the next day for lunch I felt compelled to seal the asian food deal and ordered sushi. This was our go-to place in the past and as they say, if it ain't broke.

I ordered my usuals of vegetable gyoza, sweet potato tempura roll, cucumber avocado, and because we were leaving Philly I figured there was no better time to try PHILADELPHIA ROLLS! Bae ordered eel and yellowtail and scallion. We also ordered edamame and because I was desperately trying to feel "healthy" I ordered a side salad with their ginger dressing.

The vegetable gyoza and my vegetarian rolls were to die as usual. The philadelphia roll (and I usually don't like seafood) WAS ORGASMIC! HOLY SHIT! Who ever thought of putting cream cheese in fucking SUSHI? Tina says her rolls were "great". The edamame was standard. I would have preferred some more salt. 

The salad with ginger dressing, as will probably NOT come as a surprise to many of you, was not good. I'd avoid it next time. 

Good sushi option for delivery in Philadelphia!
Easy 5 stars. Came in, ordered 4 rolls. Received them promptly. Was checked up on, had my water refilled without asking

My server packaged my leftovers nicely together in a box with some soy sauce, napkins, chopsticks, candy, etc. 

Very good service, good food. All around excellent. Go here for sushi
I was wondering how this place had 5 stars on Yelp and their amazing service answered my question. The servers here are incredible! 

The cook (who seemed to be the manager as well) is very engaging with his customers. He bought us a dish with fresh white flounder fish with sriracha mayo and cucumber. By the way this was on the house. Never had any other sushi place put their customers satisfaction as such a priority as Koto. 

Compared to my favorite sushi places in Michigan, there wasn't as many special rolls but the sushi options are fresh and the ones we ordered were pretty good. 

I also recommend trying their Japanese Soda -- it goes great with the sushi.
We're big sushi fans and think of Shiroi Hana and Tuna Bar as the go tos in Philly. Went here to try something new and had our expectations vastly surpassed.

Stepping in, I wasn't impressed. The fluorescent lighting over the chef's station permeated the whole restaurant giving off a harsh light. The seating seemed too sparse, there was room to fill the space with more tables. The few tables occupied on Friday night didn't seem to bode well.

But sitting and looking at the menu, I was immediately impressed by the pricing. So affordable.  Three pieces of salmon sashimi for $5.50 beats most places in the city. The specialty rolls, ranging $11 to $16 were about right but everything else was cheaper than I would expect.

Throughout the experience, the staff was consistently impressive. They always showed up at the right time. I never felt neglected like I usually do at Tuna Bar.

The food rocked. Our Kani salad, rolls, and sashimi were all on point. The salmon sashimi, while not the best ever, was generously portioned and plenty high quality. For the price, we were floored. 

Overall, this place is an extremely good value. Hole in the wall sushi doesn't get better than this in Philly.
Koto is a hidden gem in Philadelphia. JJ and his wife (owners) are so friendly and their peer leading service easily adds a star to this review. 

To be honest, the sushi doesn't come close to Philadelphia's leading Royal Sushi (in fairness, it's also a fraction of the cost) but it's definitely better vs. the many very average sushi destinations in the city. Better yet, the prices are below average for sushi in Philadelphia.

Koto delivers the rare trifecta - Exceptional service, excellent prices and good sushi. 

They deserve a packed restaurant but sadly the place was mostly empty on my 10+ visits. I guess the location in the Jewelry district doesn't help with foot traffic. 

My only complaint is that they don't sell beer or alcohol. That said, you can bring your own to the restaurant (BYOB).

Visit Koto now before it's too late. I think it's better than the 2-3 sushi spots within a 4 block radius that people flock to everyday. Fill this place up. 

BK
Wow !!! I am BLOWN AWAY! This restaraunt was amazing...my expectations were already high since we heard how amazing this place was, but it is safe to say that it exceeded my expectations!
We went for a late Valentines dinner and brought our own bottle of wine, since it is BYOB.
We started with edamame, seaweed salads and shrimp shumai...all of which were out of this world delicious !! Our dinners were coursed our perfectly as we then ordered the rainbow roll, shrimp tempura roll, spider roll and the sex on the beach roll. 
J.J, thank you for your wonderful hospitality..we will definitely be returning !! Everything was amazing :)
I really enjoyed their bento box. I ordered the teriyaki tofu bento and it was delicious. Cost about $9 or $10. Very filling. Comes with your salad with the ginger dressing, miso soup, shrimp tempura and vegetables along with California roll. I had their chicken fried rice as well and it was good.
came by for some sushi while in the neighborhood and had a good time! it's also BYOB!

we started with some miso soups, rolls and yaki udon. the rolls were surprisingly better than i expected them to be and the udon was ok, definitely could use better pieces of chicken and more noodles. 

the chef came by to introduce himself and gave us a complimentary app of white fish which was delicious!

all in all, it's a great sushi BYOB spot in the neighborhood. is it the best sushi in Philly? no but sometimes you just want a nice local BYOB sushi spot and this is it!
The Miso soup is phenomenal. As well as the scallop hibachi dinner. Everything was cooked perfectly and fresh. Definitely coming back!
Okay this place is amazing. We came here from a LivingSocial special curious about the five star review for a sushi place in the middle of jewelers row and we had to try it for an upcoming date night and we are SO happy that we did! We actually were the only couple seated for the 6pm dinner hour but it was a Monday and I'm sure that this place has a lot of trouble because of the lack of foot traffic overnight even though it's only a block from Washington Square!! We were greeted and given such a warm welcome as soon as we walked in and couldn't have felt happier to be here. We chose the Spicy Girl and King rolls and also got two California rolls and split everything and all was amazing. The chef even came over, gave us a special fried fish sampling and asked us our names and where we were from. So nice, polite and truly great business owners. We can't wait to come back!
We ordered dinner from here for delivery on cinco de mayo. Nothing says cinco de mayo like soy sauce, grease, rice, and raw fish.

Apps-wise I went with classic vegetarian spring rolls and vegetable gyoza. I also ordered my roll usuals with sweet potato tempura roll and vegetable roll, contents of which include asparagus, avocado, and 'cumber. My love pot ordered octopus and king crab crunch roll with king crab, white tuna, and salmon with "slightly" fried spicy tuna on top with spicy mayo and eel sauce. Are they for real with this shit? Perusing the menu in order to compile this review I notice they have FRIED TOFU rolls. What a mother fucking oversight on my part. They also have something called "pink pussy cat roll" lmfao.

Delivery time was hasty. Before ordering from this place we didn't feel ready for a savory, substantial meal, so we actually ordered a snack from franklin fountain (classic). Before it even arrived we realized we made a grave mistake and were, in fact, ready for what ended up being our first dinner. The disparity between dessert and entree arrival times did cause me some anxiety while we were waiting but thankfully this was delivered so quickly we were able to pick them up at the same time from the lobby.

Everything was bomb frankly. The spring rolls were crisp on the outside and crisp and fresh on the inside with the cabbage and the sprouts and shit. The dumplings were perfectly fried on the outside with tasty innards. I can only speak for the vegetarian rolls but those were fantastic as well. It as nice to have asparagus, 'cado, and 'cumber all in one because I am used to having to CHOOSE at most other places. The sweet potato tempura was especially divine. 

This is a great place for soosh and other japanese offerings. This will officially become my new go-to.
Happened to venture out to Philly and was just going through a lot of restaurants nearby and this one had really good ratings and I saw the reviews mentioned a groupon that you can also use with it, as a huge sushi lover, I couldn't say no!

Parking is always a pain in the city, but found parking a blocks away, though there is street parking available right outside the restaurant, if you're lucky. 

I was seated right away on Sunday since they had just opened and we initially ordered 3 rolls and service was super fast and pleasant and was able to talk to have some nice quick conversation with the staff.

We ordere the Las Vegas Roll, Sex on the Beach Roll, and the Pink Lady Roll. They were all so delicious and tasted so fresh and the presentation was beautiful. Me and my boyfriend agreed that the Pink Lady was the best! So we ended up ordering another one!

If you write a review on Yelp with a picture of their food, you're able to get a free Japanese soda which was a nice surprise.

I would definitely get the Groupon deal if you're coming here. Without it, the sushi would've been a little bit more on the pricier side, but still worth it!
 
I noticed an error with our check and the Groupon deal, but they apologized and resolved that quickly, so it'd be good to double check.

can't wait to come here again!
This is my favorite sushi place in the city! Whether I'm getting delivery or take-out during lunch (this place is dangerously close to my office and I have to stop myself from going more than once a week), or eating in, Koto is by far the freshest, tastiest option for sushi in Philly. The sushi always tastes delicious, fresh and the portions are generous. I usually ask them to cut the regular rolls into 8 pieces. 

Pro tip: get the Angel Roll and you won't leave disappointed!
Went here on a groupon and got an udon soup and two sushi rolls. I wouldn't say it was anything special, and it was also kind of pricey. We ended up paying a decent amount even with the groupon. Would have given 3 stars, but the owner gave us a free sample that he whipped up for us which was super sweet of him!
Very nice experience here!
Food wise - Everything was amazing. I ordered salmon sashimi (5), salmon cucumber roll (5), The King Crab Crunch Roll (5) and the Mansfield Roll (5+). The quality of the tuna and salmon were superb, and all portions were big and meaty. 
Service wise - They were so kind - great people. I ended up forgetting to pay (I thought I pre-paid when I ordered it online), and they were very understanding about it. They ended up giving me a free soda, just because, and everything was efficiently and neatly packaged. Also, their prices are beyond fair. Most places don't give 3 pieces for sashimi, and it was only $5.50. The special rolls were $13 and $14 - a steal! 
This is a great little place, well deserving of support. Highly recommend :)
A sushi restaurant in the middle of Jewelers Row... go figure??
But here's the thing... Koto is a great place to get excellent quality Sushi. 
Koto offers a wide selection of sushi & sashimi at moderate price.
They do not skimp on portion size. 
One nuance I look for in a good sushi joint is... do they use real Ohba (a form of Japanese mint) or fake green plastic separators in their presentation. Here it's the real thing. 
The wait staff is friendly and courteous. 
And the lunch specials are priced right.
I work nearby and am very glad I decided to try Koto for lunch by myself one day last week. The servers are extremely friendly, the lunch deals are reasonably priced, and the sushi was way better than I expected it to be. It doesn't have the same lunchtime bustle of Fat Salmon--or at least not yet!--but the quality of the food really gives Fat Salmon a run for its money. The fish and veggies in the rolls were very fresh and tasty, and the rice was just the right temperature and texture.

If I lived closer, I would absolutely bring a bottle and try Koto for dinner. In fact, I may do that even though there are probably a dozen sushi spots between my apartment and Koto because I was just that impressed.
I came here with friends on a weeknight and loved everything we ordered! We had no problems grabbing a table and had great service throughout. It did take awhile to pay, though. Still, the rolls were delicious, filling, and decently priced! I will definitely make this one of my go to sushi spots in the city now.
Koto has my favorite of two of my favorite menu items: vegetarian dumplings and vegetarian fried rice. I have tried many in many a place and besides the crab fried rice at POD, this is my favorite. The dumplings are made with edamame and they are just the best filling for these. It is certainly an off the path place being on Jewlers Row near Washington Square but worth the trouble finding it.
*UPDATE*: Yesterday Koto reached out to my friend and has apologized. They offered her a complimentary meal and were very nice!  

My friend and I ordered 5 rolls and some dumplings for delivery on her 30th birthday. An hour and a half later, called to find the food was still "sitting at the restaurant". They apparently use a 3rd party delivery service and do not actually employ the delivery drivers. Ended up canceling the order because the dumplings would have been cold and the sushi dried out and warm... and they still couldn't provide an ETA. They were rude and getting refunded was difficult. Unacceptable.
I haven't been to the restaurant, but decided to order delivery from here (off the yelp app)! Wow such a great experience, delivery arrived only a few minutes late (within +5 minutes). 

The sushi was quite a spread, Ashley L. and I ordered a he amazing tuna roll, Manhattan roll, yellowtail roll, and of course a classic - spicy tuna roll. We also got a seaweed salad on the side which was quite appetizing, lightly sweet flavoring. 

The amazing tuna roll is actually AMAZING. Surprisingly not too overwhelming, and all the tuna flavors compliment well with the avocado. I would definitely order this roll again. The manhattan roll was also delicious, and they give you SO many pieces. The serving size is actually two full rolls. 

The sushi was great! Definitely one of the better places in philly, but still a little pricey.  Overall great delivery experience, I am definitely going to have to check out the restaurant next!
Found them on Groupon when I couldn't find my favorite spot. Good reviews. 

Parking: Street

Atmosphere: laid back & comfortable. It's B.Y.OB!! 

Service: we were seated quickly. Our servers were very pleasant.  J.J brought us a dish out that wasn't on the menu.  It was delicious!   Apperizers: calamari was fried just right with a spicy sauce. Edamame was ok. Shumai and had no taste. 

Meal: My son had the shrimp tempura, king crunch crab and western roll. He said it was tasty.  My Daughter. Las Vegas and shrimp tempura roll.  I had the black dragon roll. Mine's was breaking apart. Not good. 

Overall I would go back. The service was really good and the food wasn't bad.
I thought the place was pretty good. I've had some pretty magical sushi experiences and this wasn't that. But still decent. I ordered Pepper Tuna Tataki and an Eel Roll Cucumber.

The Pepper Tuna Tataki was pretty much a green salad with ginger dressing... And then throw some raw peppered tuna on top. It was pretty flavorful. Another reviewer said to avoid the dish and that their tuna was frozen... This was NOT my experience at all. It was cool and fresh. 

The Eel Sushi was also decent as expected. Again, I wouldn't say anything was knock-your-socks-off-good by any means but it was good.

The service staff were all very friendly and pleasant. I'm just now getting into this whole Yelp reviewer thing, so I felt like "that guy" when I was snapping a photo of my food. (I've become what I used to side eye and laugh at.) ‍ Anyway... The guy saw me and asked if I wanted him to take a photo. That was nice... (But I said no because I'm not on that level yet and I don't think y'all really wanna see me? DM me and we can talk about it...)

I'd say, if you're in the area, and feeling like sushi, good ahead and stop by. I'd probably look elsewhere for that magical experience, though.
Came on an off night I guess. 

I ordered the Sushi & Sashimi Deluxe combo. It's a nice generous portion of sushi and sashimi. The accompanying salad greens were crisp and the dressing had well-balanced carrot/ginger flavors. 

I found the quality of the sushi to be fairly poor. While the salmon tasted fatty and smooth, I found most of the fish on the plate to have a thawed-out texture: slightly grainy with uneven distribution of fish juices within each cut of fish. 

The pieces were fairly unoriginal and nothing stood out to me as being memorable. 

The service was, however, kind and generous.
I'll echo what other reviewers have said--Koto is a hidden gem in Philadelphia... great food and service, BYOB, and reasonably priced.

I made an 8:15 pm New Year's Eve reservation here through OpenTable for myself, my boyfriend, and a friend. When we arrived, the restaurant had only three other tables filled, and was clean, quiet, and comfortable. We ordered three rolls to split ($6 each): Philadelphia roll, spicy tuna, and yellowtail scallion. The Philadelphia and spicy tuna rolls were excellent... the yellowtail lacked flavor but that happens every once in a while and wouldn't stop me from ordering it again. We then ordered Hibachi dinners (two chicken -- $17 each, one steak -- $19). I was excited because this is one of the only Hibachi restaurants I've been to that carries gluten free soy sauce! The meat, veggies, and two complimentary shrimp were really good. My only complaint is that the Hibachi dinner default comes with steamed white rice, and they charge an additional $3 to upgrade to the classic Hibachi fried rice... annoying, but worth it.

Our waitress was sweet and attentive, and the chef came out at the end of the meal to check on us and offer a Japanese soda on the house. Truly stellar service.
The food here was DELICIOUS! I'm in town for a conference and like to try places not too close to hotel or Conv Ctr and this was a nice find.. I ordered the shumai as an appetizer & sautéed shrimp as my entree that came with miso soup, salad with ginger dressing.. shumai was amazing! That could have been my entree & I would have been happy. But I ate on. Miso soup just as great.. the ginger dressing hella good! It was so good I put it over my rice. Shrimp sautéed was great but the shrimp were a bit over cooked. But this did not take away from the meal. I plan on going back soon.
What a great experience! The restaurant was empty when I went (off-peak time though), which made me nervous, but I gave it a shot based on the reviews and I'm so glad I did! The service was amazing. The owner and other waitstaff were very nice, and the sushi was really fresh. I ordered the sashimi appetizer, and a specialty roll, with the green tea ice cream to close. I left stuffed and the bill wasn't too bad. I will definitely go again!
I entered at an off-beat lunch hour with smiles. "Welcome!" is what I heard as I entered and I was seated promptly. The sweet service in this place is no joke. It's great. But let me tell you about the food. FRESH. What good is sushi if it is not fresh. That bite of tuna I put in my mouth is making me think about it every hour or so. Great service, great food ... byob. Go here. It's sweet, understated and delicious.
Wait: None. We walked right in and sat window-side. It was about 6pm on a Thursday. 

Server: Sooooo sweet. There was a bit of a language barrier which actually kept us all laughing. He was so funny. It was 80 degrees outside and I asked for a hot Green Tea. His face was priceless as he asked, "Are you sure?! It's very Hot". I immediately started cracking up and agreed with him. No hot tea. Haha 

Food Quality& Order: He ordered Hibachi Steak& Chicken. I ordered a Spicy Tuna Roll and... a Philly roll (I had to, judge me). It was all so delicious. Came out in enough time to be prompt but slow enough to know that they care for how they make their food. P.s. They are BYOB!

The Chef came out and brought us something "special" to try. Jalapeño Yellowtail w/Ponzu. He saw us taking lots of photos and a few videos and wanted to introduce himself. 

Atmosphere& Decor: It is your typical Sushi restaurant decor. I love the lack of lighting, it's romantic and calming.
Okay, I see why this place has 5 stars on Yelp. Fancy omakase it is not. But for what it is, an accessible, family friendly, reasonably priced sushi joint, Koto Sushi is just a step above its competitors. 

A lot of that has to do with how warm and earnest JJ and his team are. The whole place feels very cute, cozy, and welcoming. Service was prompt and polite and the air conditioning felt great on such a hot summer day. 

The chirashi I ordered was slightly deconstructed, with the fish around the rice instead of on top, which was a bit surprising. But the variety of fish didn't disappoint and the Japanese rice seasoning on top was a nice, homey touch. Everything just felt right - the wasabi had a good amount of kick, the fish was fresh, the ginger dressing on the salad wasn't overly sweet. These are all things that are easy to get slightly off at other sushi joints, but here they were on point. 

I'll definitely be back to try some of their specialty rolls the next time I'm near Washington Square, and I can see myself bringing friends or my parents here when they visit for a casual meal.
I've hit the superfecta with this spot. Delicious. AMAZING value. Fast (I order online and its ready by the time I get there). Great customer service. I highly, highly recommend this place. It's quickly become my lunchtime go-to spot. Been there three times this week!
Great new sushi place on 7th and Sansom!

Owner JJ is really nice and friendly. The restaurant inside is a little chilly because of AC vents. Booths and tables. Entrance is not handicap/stroller friendly because of a few stairs but inside is spacious.

Starters: miso soup and seaweed salad. Miso was great, typical recipe. Seaweed salad was the frozen kind that comes prepared to the restaurant - but still good. 

Rolls: sweet potato tempura, oshinko, and veg California roll (Maki combo) and special fire roll & salmon avocado roll. Fish was fresh and he rice was very good quality.
Service and food were excellent. I highly recommend this place for their great lunch specials and and late night hibachi.
Lunch specials are reasonably priced and i enjoyed the sushi. Owner was also very nice and offered me a drink for the road.
A great find. Reviews are all accurate. Super friendly and hospitable staff. Great food.
Wonderful service and even better sushi! Loved the Spicy Girl Roll, the Godzilla Roll and the Sex on the Beach Roll. Great atmosphere and super friendly staff, especially JJ!! Thanks for the awesome meal and experience!! We will definitely be back soon!
Despite the groupon and close proximity, I was quite disappointed with quality of the food and the slightly overinflated prices.

Must get: urchin, soft shelled crab
Meh: signature sushi, pepper tuna tataki (MUST AVOID), dirty seaweed salad
Missed out: yellow tail sashimi

I came here with my wife here on a journey to sample new sushi joints in Philly. While the service was quite expedient and friendly, as there were only 6 patrons when we arrived, the food quality just didn't match. We ordered the age dashi tofu, pepper tuna tataki and dirty seaweed salad for appetizer. I was a bit disappointed by the age dashi as I am more familiar with the lightly battered soft tofu in a broth with seaweed, however, Koto sushi just fried them and served them as they were. The biggest disappointment/disaster was the pepper tuna, it came out on a fancy bed of greens, but the fish was frozen, tasteless, thin, and represented the few times where I ate the prized protein so my wife wouldn't have to suffer. The soft shelled crab was also jarringly different when it came out, as I was expecting something that resembled a crab, but instead I was treated with chunks of crab meat heavily battered and fried. However, I was quite pleased as it came straight out of the fryer and was not overwhelming or too oily. I was a bit surprised by the sea urchin, which for $10 for 3 pieces...wasn't all that bad. It did not come in the shell, which made me question the freshness, especially when it lacked the briny taste and smell that I've been accustomed to with fresh urchin, but hey, $3 per piece is decent. Finally, the signature rolls, including the lobster and crab meat were meh at best.

Overall, I think that despite the groupon deal, I'd have much better and I strongly recommend avoiding the tataki tuna at all cost unless you have a desire to eat thin ice ships with fish flavoring.

Food: 2 stars
Price: 2 stars
Service: 3-4 stars
Ambiance: 2-3 stars
The owners and workers are the best that I have ever encountered at any establishment. They even recommend where to get parking spaces haha.

I love the tea pot that the jasmine green tea was in.

The vegetable maki combo was an option for vegetarians.
The Black dragon was my favorite. The Pink Pussycat (I only ordered it because of the name) had an interesting crunch to it because cashew was one of the ingredients.

Plus, who spoils it's customers with KitKat as complimentary desserts.
Really good sushi. Have ordered grubhub  delivery from here a few times because it's been good-- fresh-tasking, quick, pretty.
The Caterpillar Roll and regular sushi dinner were absolutely delicious!  Highly recommend!
I loovvveeee this place it BYOB!!!!! And no matter the time of day it is alway kid friendly!!!! Very clean and fresh seafood every time I've been! I lovvceeeeeee! This place! Very good miso soup!  I come here at lease 3 times a month!
Good pricing! And awesome service. Came here with a group of friends for a birthday. They gave us free samples of fish at the end and food presentation was pretty too.
Ended up here after a bad experience at a spot around the corner. Walked in and greeted right away. Although we came in 25 minutes before closing, they were more than happy to seat us. Ordered gyoza and sushi. Everything we ordered was delicious! The Mansfield roll was probably my favorite, it was really fresh and has cucumber which adds a nice crunch. One of the chefs came to check how our food turned out (not sure if he was the owner) but he was so friendly! He even brought us out an extra appetizer to try. The atmosphere isn't as upscale as places nearby. However, I will take the great food and amazing customer service over nice atmosphere and subpar service/food. We will definitely be coming back !
I came in for lunch. There were only a few other diners their so no wait. Water was served right away. Ordered the 2 roll lunch special at 7.95$. Very fresh and perfectly cooked sushi rice. Only wish it was in my neighborhood. Don't miss it if you like Sushi and your around Jewelers row
Excellent sushi. Friendly service. Highly recommended   We got the Sushi Sashimi combination for two.
Great Sushi, fresh, tasty, hit the spot! 10stars for service. Jay Jay, I believe his name is the owner of Koto went above and beyond for me and my guest. Will definitely be back again & again! Don't usually write reviews but felt compelled to leave one for this experience due to the service received. Thanks again Koto & Jay!
I got the Spicy Girl roll, which was absolutely delicious. Rather comparable to Bubblefish's Tuna Princess roll in flavor, but the waiting time here isn't nearly as long. Slightly sweet, delectably savory thanks to the spicy mayo.

My father and I got the jasmine tea and unfortunately, it's tea bag tea (Stash brand, still had the tag on) served in a tea pot. Loose tea is typically more flavorful, but I'd still take this over my experience with Bubblefish.
I loved this place!! What a gem.

The food was delicious--I got the miso soup (really fresh and had a lot of seaweed and tofu pieces in it; very good flavor) and Caterpillar roll (also very fresh and flavorful).

My boyfriend got the chicken teriyaki. He loved it. I don't usually like teriyaki and I actually really liked Koto's version. The chicken was cut small and was well-cooked. The sauce was delicious.

We split gyoza. So good! Well each have to get our own orders next time:)

The food was delicious, but the most notable part of this restaurant was the service. The servers were very attentive and very friendly. We felt really welcome there. The chef even brought out an amuse-Bouche , which was a nice surprise! They really went above and beyond.

Definitely definitely recommend. Will be going back soon.
Came here for the 2nd time tonight and Koto did not disappoint. Sushi choices are plentiful and they have soy paper. Also byob which is a big plus. They are very well priced and the service is great. For soup, dumplings, a special roll and a poke bowl total was under 40 dollars. Both times the chef/owner (?) came out to say hello and brought us a special appetizer. He remembered us and that it was our 2nd time even though the first time was about 2 months ago. We will definitely continue to make the trip into the city to come here!
This place is my go-to spot for sushi for lunch when I'm at work. They have a great roll lunch special and are always quick. One suggestion I have is for you to call them to order pickup. The prices are a few dollars cheaper if you either order through their own website or cal them. Grubhub prices are higher than normal.
Favorite sushi place in philly! It's really fast for dining in, picking up, or delivery. I've never had a roll I didn't like and it's not overpriced at all. The staff is is incredibly friendly and they care a lot about your experience!
Easy to see why this place has 5 stars.  Good food, good price and the staff is very friendly.  And it is BYOB which is always a plus in my book.  Originally came here cause I had a Groupon and now I've been back several times.  The atmosphere is casual but the interior design is nice and always clean.  Never had a bad experience at Koto.
I've been coming here for months and it's my go-to spot before I head to my destination. The owner is very friendly and personable. He's always accommodating and makes you feel welcomed. The sushi is great and I can't complain. The place is spacious which is great for dates so you don't have to shout to hear each other since some restaurants tend to be loud and noisy. They accept credit cards (always a plus) and make your dining experience seamless. Highly recommend this place! I order the salmon avocado and salmon roll. Both are solid choices; you can't go wrong.
The best sushi restaurant in the city. Not only is the sushi immaculate, but the owner, Jay Jay, as well as other staff members, are true gems. Customer service is paramount for them. I celebrated my 30th birthday with aprox. 20 people, and they certainly didn't disappoint. Catering to a vast variety of palates, Jay Jay and his team left each and every person coming back for more.
Solid sushi restaurant with comparable prices to other sushi places.  

Ordered 3 roll combo (yellowtail, eel & avacodo, spicy crabmeat) for ~$10.  Nothing too flashy.  Was able to order online and pay when I got there.  This is a good alternative to Fat Salmon, less than a block away, if you don't want to wait too long for your order.  FS tends to be a little busier during the lunch rush.
JJ was an amazing host! Friendly and attentive!! The food was delicious and we cant wait to come back again.
The staff was very friendly and the sushi is excellent! The specialty rolls are very generous in size and the display is beautiful. We were craving sushi on a Sunday afternoon and this was the only place we could find opening before 5pm. We will definitely try it again.
Yep!! Tried this place based on yelp recommendation and there was not regrets!!!  KitKat sealed the deal!  JJ came by the table and met my party. He chatted for awhile. 
So I had the fried calamari and gyoza then lunch bento with curry chicken and the sushi sashimi condo plate. All of which was excellent!!! 
Ambiance for lunch is ok- 4/5
Scenery- downtown street -4/5
Food 5/5
Customer service 6/5
Overall 4.75/5
Great sushi, excellent service, and BYO. What more can you want? We went for dinner on a fairly dead night (wasn't very busy) but still had a great time. Seaweed salad, sashimi, and rolls were so good. The chef sent out a complimentary dish that was great. We will definitely return.
I'll save the long explanation - it's 5 stars for a reason.  We order delivery from here often because of the amazing quality, but also venture out to dine in because the service is just as good and the staff is so welcoming and friendly - JJ (Koto sushi chef) personally introduced himself with a warm smile and thanked us for coming in - Simply exceeding expectations in all categories of a nice night out. If you haven't gave Koto a try, make this place your next visit.
We took advantage of a Groupon to visit and were not disappointed. Their sushi rolls were the freshest tasting ones we've had, ever. Parking in that area, especially on Sansom st is very tight. I had to park near the liberty bell on a very cold night. It was not super busy at the tables and we had to wait 45 minutes for our food but it was worth it. They do so much takeout, it must have overwhelmed the kitchen. We loved the place and the servers and will be back for sure.
Fresh clean close to independence hall.  Fresh tasty food.  Friendly people.  Lobster miso was yummy.
We found this place thru Groupon & I'm so glad we tried it! They're offering this amazing deal on Groupon because they've only been open 5 months! Look for the deal quick! I think it's $16 for $30 off the total bill!! It's BYOB also :)

I totally love it here! They're so friendly:) JJ, the owner greeted us & made sure we were happy & comfortable. He even treated us to a off the menu sample appetizer. They have a great menu, lots of variety in selection. They even had Hawaiian Poke' bowls! Since I'm from Hawai'i I was happy! I'm definitely going to try it when I go back next week!  We ordered way too much food and everything was great. 
We had gyoza, sashimi ahi & salmon (SO fresh) & unagi sushi & Las Vegas roll for appetizers. Hibachi Salmon for main entree's. The entree portions were huge! 

I totally recommend it here you got to check it out:)
great sushi and very friendly staff !!

The owner is very friendly and kind! They offer great lunch specials which are great for takeout on a lunch break at work ! Their dining area is also beautiful and very clean, a great spot for a byob date night (:
I ordered the sweet potato rolls, asparagus rolls, fried rice, and shrimp shumai all for pick-up. When I arrived, the staff was very friendly and the owner even came over and introduced himself! I got home and the food was DELICIOUS! This place is new and on Jewelers Row--definitely going to be my new go-to for sushi/take-out!
My wife and I went to Koto Sushi not long ago and had a fantastic experience. The owner JJ and his wife are wonderful hosts and immediately made us feel welcomed and appreciated. The sushi was to die for and was reasonably priced. We had 4 rolls and miso soup and it was under $50! The wait staff was friendly and polite, attending to us many times. The restaurant space is very large and clean. We went on a Monday night, and it was not crowded, but hopefully these continuing 5 star reviews get more people to give it a try. We will certainly be going back in the near future!
Koto was a very convenient stop on the way to the Walnut theater tonight. Terrific presentation and taste!
Thanks to JJ and the staff, we enjoyed your food and service very much. We will be back again!
Surprisingly delicious!  Went late night, only ones there and was a bit worried it was a bad idea to stay. The sushi was fresh, flavorful,  more fish and less rice.  Will definitely return!
We went on a Saturday night, and we had an overall great experience. The host and chef looked genuinely excited to have us there. We ordered a variety of sushi for the four of us and not only was it delicious, the plates look beautiful. Our server was very kind and attentive (without overbearing) and during our meal at one point, the chef brought over a delicious dish to our table for us to try on the house. I will definitely go back in the future.
Found them on Groupon when I couldn't find my favorite spot. Good reviews. 

Parking: Street

Atmosphere: laid back & comfortable. It's B.Y.OB!! 

Service: we were seated quickly. Our servers were very pleasant.  J.J brought us a dish out that wasn't on the menu.  It was delicious!   Apperizers: calamari was fried just right with a spicy sauce. Edamame was ok. Shumai and had no taste. 

Meal: My son had the shrimp tempura, king crunch crab and western roll. He said it was tasty.  My Daughter. Las Vegas and shrimp tempura roll.  I had the black dragon roll. Mine's was breaking apart. Not good. 

Overall I would go back. The service was really good and the food wasn't bad.
I had gotten take out from here due to COVID restrictions with indoor dining. The chicken teriyaki set was amazing and I'm very happy about the portion, along with the various sides that came with it! The chicken was well marinated and flavorful and the vegetable sides were clean and tasty as well. I would love to try some of their options too if I'm ever in the general area!
We stumbled upon this sushi place when visiting Philadelphia and it was great!
Service was great and the food was reasonably priced especially for the lunch specials (M-Sa).
Definitely recommend!
Good  fresh sushi!! The lunch  menu has a nice selection and great prices. The server was friendly and my order was prepared pretty fast.  I highly recommend!!
Jay and the staff continue to be warm and friendly hosts. Always a good visit here and great food!
HIDDEN GEM! One of my favorite sushi spots. I order from here at least once a week. You can't go wrong with any of the rolls. My favorites are sex on the beach, dancing kani, and spice girl roll. The hibachi is amazing as well!
We came in and instantly felt very welcomed! JJ was our server and he was super helpful and friendly. There's a ton of stuff to choose from on the menu and they have a great lunch special until 3. Going to try that next time! I just moved to Philadelphia and I think I have found my sushi spot!
I've been looking for "that" sushi spot since moving to Philly last year. Koto is it!! Amazing sashimi, sushi, extremely fresh and the Oturo special was absolutely mouth watering. JJ made it a point to visit our table with a special starter for us. Please make this a go to on your sushi adventures!! We can't wait to go back!!
Loved the Chicken Katsu bento box. It was a lot of food - my husband had to help me. I liked how it had a lot of small portions of yummy things to try -- ginger yams, dumplings, shrimp and broccoli tempura, miso soup, ginger salad and then a large portion of Chicken Katsu. We will definitely be back! 

I didn't try my husband's order since I was so full with mine, but he got three different sushi rolls and they looked great.
Stopped in midday and had the lobster bao bun and some sushi. It was fantastic - also great service
Very friendly staff. They made great suggestions. Very clean and quiet place.  My wife and I suggest the pork fried dumplings and lobster dynamite roll.
Came here on a whim and was NOT disappointed. Absolutely amazing service, gorgeous interior and some of the best sushi, dumplings, and fried rice I've had. Huge recommend !!!
Excellent tasty food, great service.The ramen is especially good and the music is great!The tea is also really good.
Sushi was great, staff was great! Super friendly and everything tasted fresh (which as we know, with Sushi is IMPORTANT).

Food came out fast. Reasonably priced. Signature rolls anywhere will be a little pricey but perhaps you'd question an all you can eat sushi buffet... i.e. pay for good quality sushi. Would definitely go back!
Ordered takeout and it was SO GOOD. Yes to the sushi but honestly the general tso was the best dish we ordered and we weren't sure about ordering Chinese from a sushi place. It all carried well. Have been having terrible experience ordering Asian cuisine in Philly but this is our first positive one and by far the best. Looking forward to trying in person!
Cleanplace, good food and friendly staff.  It is a good lunch place for people to come.  I would recommend this place to others. 
If you have a big group, come early for lunch else it may get filled up quickly.
Went to this sushi place while we were in Philly for the weekend. Overall, great experience. The menu had a variety of creative rolls and you could order two special rolls that came with either soup or salad for $26. I ordered the pink lady and the Mansfield roll, which were both delicious. The service was excellent. Everyone was very friendly, hospitable and attentive. We even got complimentary Edamame and chocolate at the end of the dinner. It's also BYOB! Will definitely visit again when in the area!
I don't eat Sushi but I brought my wife and she had their Las Vegas rolls and she's pretty picky. She loved it!

The staff is very polite and welcoming. I really liked the entire experience.
Literally the best sushi I've had in the city and state. Always fresh, and consistent and creative rolls. Not to mention quick service and such kind staff. I am very picky with sushi and this place is best in class.
Sushi was really well made and tasted delicious. Recommend the king crab crunch roll. Service was good & fast.
I stumbled in here one day after searching for Sushi on Yelp. 

The service here was so friendly.  The owner was very kind and really wanted to make sure I had a good experience. 

However, the one downside is that the dinner prices for the rolls was a little too high compared to similar sushi places.  I got the shrimp tempura and spicy tuna and, while delicious, was not worth the price they charged. Next time I will bring my BF and we will use one of the Groupon's that everyone keeps talking about.   

I would totally come back for the lunch specials though because those prices look extremely reasonable.  Also, this place is BYOB, and who doesn't love a sushi BYOB?
My family took me to Koto Sushi for my birthday and it did not disappoint.  My son and I sampled a variety of sushi, sashimi and specialty rolls, all were excellent. The fish was very fresh, and the presentation was perfect.  My wife and daughter went with veggie rolls and sweet potato rolls and loved them. We also shared the pork Gyoza which were light and delicious. They brought out a surprise Mochi dessert on the house when they heard it was my birthday, along with another small sampler of a seafood salad that was off the menu and was fantastic.  JJ was a very friendly host, he introduced himself to us all and took great care of us. We will definitely be back!
I love this hidden gem.  It's not in the best location  but the food is good and fresh every time I order from here.  Another plus is that the owner Is super nice.  I love their dirty seaweed salad...not the best name for the dish but it is delish!
I got sushi delivered from here the other day and the sushi was spot on! I ordered the spicy tuna, sweet potato, shrimp tempura and miso soup. All were very tasty! I am giving this review 4stars because on their website they have a lunch special where you can get 3 rolls w/a complimentary miso soup for $10.95. I ordered my food using ubereats and the lunch special wasn't available. I paid $29 for something that would normally cost $10.95. The person who delivered my sushi never notified me and my food was left unattended for ~20minutes. Food was very tasty but ubereats has some work to do
We love this little sushi place. The staff is always friendly and give off good vibes. The rolls are yummy and decently priced. Bonus - they are a BYOB. Try the tuna pizza!
