My friend and I stopped here on the hunt for a boozy brunch. They were open at 10:30 which was earlier than some of the other places in the neighborhood. We got there around 10:45 which was great because when we left an hour or so later, the place was overflowing. I ordered a frenchy mimosa sub orange juice instead of the grapefruit juice. Essentially, it was OJ, champagne and st germaine for $7. So yummy! I also had the shrimp and grits that had braised collard greens with bacon and a side of breakfast potatoes ($15). Very delicious. Overall, a great brunch spot with a good variety of food and cocktails.
I used to have this dream of lying down underneath a whole row of taps and turning them all on full blast to literally loll around in BEER. 

Yes, I'm weird, but someone else MUST have thought this at least once, or why would Kraftwork have installed 24 draft lines and one full-time cask?  No bottles here, but world-class, rare, local and otherwise fly brews pouring all the time. 

If you're  a heartless type who don't find brew cool, the food is appealing uber-pub-grub -- a juicy burger you can dress with your choices of accoutrements like Grafton cheddar and bacon jam (!), plus charcuterie made in-house and a dessert Krispy treat that subs out pork rinds for puffed rice.  

There's 2 TVs to keep updated on the game without having your eyeballs seared by HD at every turn, and picnic-table style seating.  Bump elbows with your neighbors, maybe you'll make a friend, dudes.

(full disclosure:  One of my great girl friends is the hot brunette server, you know which one)
When you walk in you see the most intricately designed hop emblazoned saw having above the bar. I sat down with my boyfriend a little after noon on a Saturday to grab a beer and a snack. 

Beer selection at this place is on point. There were a bunch of things that I wanted to try! I settled with a New Belgium collab beer that was a Belgian Ale. It was amazingly refreshing and tasty. I love Belgian style beers but this one shot to the top of my list of favorites. I would definitely make an effort to get to this bar just to try that collab.

The fries that we ordered were HUGE, plenty to share even if you had 4 people. It came with ketchup and a mustard aioli. I didn't like the mustard pairing with the fries because the fries already had a lot of garlic and savory seasoning so the mustard just overpowered it. 

They also had some soccer matches on the TV, making this a definite location for viewing. The staff at this place kind of seemed indifferent - but that might be because we just bought some beers and fries making us not the most important clients. 

I'm looking forward to stopping by here soon to try some other beers and maybe a meal. Vegan Bahn Mi looks delicious!
Kraftwork is Sidecar's Northern sibling. The beer list is great, and you can see what's on deck after any particular keg is kicked. The look of the bar is industrial and a lot of the materials were salvaged and re-used, which makes for a cool space. 

We stopped by for some beers and a bite on a Sunday afternoon. The bartender was nice enough to let us sample a couple different beers while we made our decisions. We shared the beer can chicken sandwich, which was pretty tasty. The bun is really big and it's easier to just eat the thing open-faced. The fries that came with were delish and especially good with the mustard dipping sauce. The parmesan truffle popcorn was a bit of a let-down. Definitely not as good as the version at Royal. But probably a lot healthier. 

I wouldn't go out of my way for Kraftwork, and that's probably because I'm lucky enough to have Sidecar around the corner from my apartment. But when in Fishtown, it's a solid choice.
Way too overpriced for mediocore food and atmosphere...

Please note, that I don't drink beer - I'm purely a liqour and martini girl - so I this review is critiquing Kraftwork's food, atmosphere, and service. 

We came on a Wednesday night around 7:30 p.m. and it was packed! My party of three had to share a  picnic bench with another couple. There longing gazes and kisses between each bite might have thrown me off, but they were def a couple. awkward....to share a table with...

The menu is VERY limited and everything is trying ot be so freakin gourmet i couldn't stand it. I ordered the chicken sandwich, for $11.00 dollars! It came with some carrot cole slaw. At the price it should have come with fires and a side salad! It was only okay,  kind of dry and very greasy. Yes, those two things can go together!

The cheapest thing that any of my party ordered was my martini. For a place known for it's beer, i was surprised to get a decently strong lemon drop martini for only $5.50! Seriously! My friends okay glass of wine was $9.00! 

This place needs to add more Oomph to their menu for the prices they are asking for! And give romantic couples there own table! ha
Like the other reviewers, I like the amount of fresh, on tap beer this place has.  But the sheer number of taps is not enough to impress me. The food is barely "meh" and overpriced.  To be considered a "gastropub" the "gastro" part should be at least equal to the "pub" part.   I'm all about rabbit terrine when its made well, but you are in Fishtown, guys... take it down a notch or two.

While I am aware some restaurants need a little time to find their groove, I'm sure the owners and chefs of Kraftwork are also aware that when you open a place, that should be the time to really get your future regulars in and settled.  First impressions and all.

Kraftwork, I may come back for a beer, but if you want my food money, you're going to have to try a bit harder.
Kraftwork pleased me and my dinner companion very much. Upon entry, a busy waitress hurried over and explained their take on communal seating. "If it's okay with you guys, we're going with communal seating and there's a spot for two at that table over there." She points to the open spot when my friends goes, "don't you know that girl?"

We walk over and my unaware buddy glances up to see I'll be taking a seat right next to her. Could've been a disaster had I not returned the friendship ring we once shared. Nevertheless, community seating brought back those good ol' friend feelings in no time. 

I dug into the fiddleheads special and even convinced my friend we were eating caterpillars. Do you know how nutritious these suckers are? To quote Wikipedia, they're "even better than blueberries, the gold standard for antioxidants!" Simply prepared with olive oil and sea salt, the ferns were all goodness. 

My beer can chicken sandwich came served over doughy brioche and went down without issue and extreme pleasure. The menu's a simple one, but who can scoff at their blueprint style design. As others have noted, the beer selection is robust and with every available option comes a replacement, should they run out of your choice (which they did). So never fear, there's a similar style beer ready to fill your pint. 

My friend's scallop special looked a little meager for his big man appetite, but once digested, he quit his bitching and leaned back, stretched his arms, and gave his belly a metaphorical rub. 

Bacon and pork rinds for dessert? Bring it on. And they did. With a famished gusto, we devoured and reveled in the unexpected rice crispy treat - which believe it or not were pork rinds brought together with gooey marshmallows and topped with bacon bits. Don't hurl, it was awesome. 

A resounding yes yes yes!
um.. still two stars.

i just realized i called the fries 'friends' instead of 'fries.' 

definitely a misnomer. they're not my friends.
I wanted to love Kraftwork.  A Fishtown gastropub with constantly rotating beers?  Sounded good to me.  

After reading positive reviews ad infinitum about the beer can chicken sandwich, I decided that this thing was going to blow apart my expectations of what a chicken sandwich could do.  My expectations were let down.  

It was a fine sandwich.  It was decent chicken served over a nice, soft brioche roll.  Sadly, I did not receive the chicken/bread nirvana that I was hoping lurked on the other side of this sandwich.  There was just nothing terribly unique about it.

Their mussels and fries are decent, but don't stack up to Monk's.

I appreciate the constantly rotating beer selection but it wasn't enough to salvage the food.  If you are going to market yourself as a gastropub(I think I hate this term), then your food should rock as much as your beer does.  In my opinion, this is not the case with Kraftwork.
Now, mind you, this is just about the burger; our service was great, the place was a lot of fun, and the beer line up was fantastic.
BUT for having such a small menu, and most of that being dominated by burger and burger options, i was expecting greatness...which did not come on the plate of food i ordered.
Ill start from the bun down:
the bun was actually really good, it was easily the best part of the burger, im not sure if they make the bread there or not, but i would have been happier simply eating that.
underneath my bun was a smaller than i was expecting mass.  It was the burger meat.  The grind on the meat was so fine that it left the patty without any texture, it was literally like baby food, there was no distinguishable difference from meat to fat or anything, just peach puree smooth gray meat.
The color of my burger looked as though it had been cooked in a microwave, really really just....uniformly gray; no grill marks, no beautiful dark brown crust, no nooks and crannies of juicy goodness, no nothing...like a frozen white castle patty.  To boot, it was under seasoned, if seasoned at all, and i dont mean anything fancy, i mean simple salt and pepper.
Atop my formed and pressed patty was supposed to be cheddar and a bacon jam, i was surprised to find a literal thumb-nail sized smudge of what i guess what supposed to pass for bacon onion jam but there was no identifiable bacon and the amount that was on there was so small that it offered almost no taste of anything at all. the cheese sounded great on the menu, 2 year aged cheddar, but what i got was a portion of white liquid the size of a flash drive hanging off the size of the meat patty. 
My fries were cooked well and they themselves were properly seasoned, however they were all the length of matchsticks making it a little hard to eat without a fork.  For $12.00 i was highly disappointed.

I would go back for sure, but not for the food, just for drinks.   Like I said before, the service was great.  Our server was attentive when our glasses were empty, helpful to the other people in my party with suggestions, and the beer line up was fantastic.  The seating was uncluttered and comfortable and overall we had a good time drinking.
But as for the star item on the menu?  no me gusta.
Walked in and sat at the bar on a Sunday afternoon. They still had brunch on, and the beer lineup was spectacular. I had the huevos rancheros, and the eggs were cooked to perfection. Fiance had the breakfast sandwich with a biscuit and pork roll. Both meals were delicious. Even got a lemon raspberry muffin to go. Our bartender, Mike, was great. Definitely worth driving around the neighborhood looking for parking. 11/10 would come back.
Since nobody has dubbed me a slacker over the past couple of months (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-sidecar-bar-and-grille-philadelphia#hrid:0RD8IthRcMDLLfuXRs2iuA/src:self), I may as well drop a long overdue review for Kraftwork. Especially since I still have their epic burger fresh in my mind.

From enjoying an excellent brunch after a successful days work at the Punk Rock Flea Market, to enjoying a feast and a couple brews during a not so successful Phillies NLCS loss, I've been able to to see he deliver on both good times and bad,, and they do it so attentively without missing a beat!

Kudos especially goes to Chef Mike Thomas for adding just the right amount of tantalizing variations to to simple culinary treats you know and love. Whether you mix it up with Point Reyes Blue and carmelized onions, or go all out with the 2 year Grafton cheddar and bacon onion jam (or the other way around), the burger is a true delight. And that's not even with factoring in the incredible garlic & herb fries that they come with. Even though my brunch was the standard eggs, sausage, hashbrowns, and toast; it especially set the bar high with the quality of ingredients that was put into it!

But the king among reasons to love here is the selection of taps it has to offer. not only is it an incredible blend of brewers, styles, and levels of alcohol content; its ingeniously setup so that as soon as a line of two brewers get kicked, they're immediately switched out for a whole other rotation. its a lot harder to mourn the loss of a Lefthand ESB once its switched out for a Lancaster Milk Stout.

Between those reasons, and the wonderfully industrial decor, it has a lot of things that manages to make it one of my favorite bars in Philly!
Kraftwork proved to be a hit for my group of three and my mini-me. We almost did not come here since people reported it is not good for families. I 100% disagree. Everyone was warm and friendly to Nora. High chairs were available and children's cups. They even changed the TV to Cat in the Hat without being asked. Nora had the hummus plate and their side of chicken. The hummus was definitely house made and pita was perfect for her little hand and dipping. She enjoyed every bite. For my dinner I had the Tortilla Ensalada and it was both flavorful and beautiful. The kale and rice blend were layered for great visual effect. The staff was very pleasant and engaging with our group. While no there is no "kids menu" and yes they specialize in Craft beers do no hostage to bring in your family.
Things I Recommend at Kraftwork:

1. Calling ahead if you have 11 people. Probably a good idea anywhere. We had to split into two tables because you can't just walk in at prime brunchtime and expect an open table for 11. 

2. The fries. I was told they were the best fries in the world. I disagree. They are very good fries, but I think Donkey Kong is the best game ever.

3. Beer. They have a lot of it, and you should drink it. I had an excellent Founders gose, but you do you. Also, the bloody mary is very solid.

4. The roasted beet salad. Everyone likes goat cheese fritters, and if you eat beets you can all talk about the fun colors in your poop the next day. (Yes, we're delightful conversationalists.)

5. The fried chicken and waffles. With two eggs, it's a gigantic, delicious meal.

6. Telling the server that your parents are sitting at the other table, and they will be paying for your table as well.

Things I Don't Recommend at Kraftwork:

1. The beer can chicken sandwich. It wasn't bad, really it was just a little bland and the pulled chicken wasn't really what I was expecting (and I almost broke my tooth on a bone lost in there). Then again, I don't know what I was expecting. Either way, if you're in a chicken mood go for the chicken and waffles.

2. Telling the server that your parents are sitting at the other table, and that they will be paying for your table as well...unless that's actually true. This can get you in trouble.

3. Chatting the server up about the origins of electronica in the krautrock scene. They don't know what you're talking about, and you sound like a dick. Yeah, I'm talking to you.
What a delicious brunch!  Fresh eggs, potatoes cooked perfectly and seasoned well.  And the scrapple--oh, the scrapple!  I think it's house-made. Whoever makes it is my new favorite person.  It had a lot of grain in it, and the pig part was mostly pork loin. So good...

Everything we ordered was good.  It was far superior to any standard two-egg breakfast or biscuits and gravy.  I only wish I could have eaten more meals here.  

Thanks to the lovely Severa K. for bringing us here. I'm a fan.
I had no idea they had opened for business. I passed the corner of Montgomery and Girard in Fishtown a few days ago and noticed a bright change. Today was Kraftwork's soft opening! My beau and I were looking for dinner and we were thrilled to stumble upon its open doors!

1. Tucked away on a busy thoroughfare seldom enjoyed for it's culinary offerings Kraftwork is the newest rough hewn, yet well-polished foodie-bar North Philly has to offer. I imibibed a Lagunitas IPA and a few choice Modernist cocktails (the Le Corbusier was so springy, in a serious way) that I would recommend to any lover of a well made drink. Very subtle, very fresh, and exceptionally well mixed.

2. The food is so fresh, expertly prepared and presented, and well thought out I had no idea we were at a brand new restaurant. Sampling the fiddle ferns (what are these and why are they SO delicious?), ricotta  dumplings (never a tastier cheese dish have I ever tasted), rabbit terrine (I don't even eat rabbit and this was to die for, with fresh mustard!) and mussels (by FAR the best I've had in the entire city), we were delighted again and again by brand new and immensely satisfying flavors.

3. Go here! Give Kratwork a chance of survival in the food desert that is north of Girard! They promise to have 24 craft beers on tap and the ambiance is as industrial as this area's history, but the vibe is pure fun. Especially if they include a rotating menu and local fare, Kraftwork promises to be an all-time favorite hang-out for all of Philly's food and drink lovers.
Who would have thought that having a gastropub as your neighborhood bar could be both wonderful and terrifying? 

It's great having a place to go that's open late and always has fantastic food and twenty-five (!!) beers on tap... but my next purchase should probably be a tourniquet for my wallet to stop the hemorrhage of cash. 

The menu lays out all of 25 beers they have on tap, complete with the origin and style of beer, along with the beer that will follow it when the keg kicks. The servers always seem to know their stuff when it comes to the beer, so definitely ask questions if you've got any. 

I guess at this point, I should confess that I've planned trips in advance upon seeing that they're going to be getting something awesome (Russian River's Blind Pig IPA, I'm talking about you) on tap later in the week. 

Anyway, last time I was in, my friend and I shared a plate of six oysters, which were served with a pleasingly tangy mignonette. We followed this with two cheeseburgers, which I'm told are some of the best in the city. I've only very recently hurled myself from the vegan bandwagon, so I can't attest to anything other than that they are damn delicious. I got mine with the bacon onion jam, the aged cheddar, and a poached egg. It was glorious. 

The fries are also some of the best I've had around here, but I could see how some might think them over-seasoned. 

I've been here several times now, and the food has always been great. With a revolving door of both food and drink, this is definitely a place to return to and is worth every penny. 

That said, can anyone spare some cash?
3 stars for the food - the flatbread special  with curry and chicken was just OK, as well as the wings glazed in watermelon or whatever

5 stars for the service - Jake, the best

5 for the beer list - as good as it gets

4 for the outdoor sidewalk seating, not a 5 only because it's on noisy Girard Ave, and the birds shit on my car parked under the tree.

Absolutely I will return.
Checked this place out Friday night.
It was totally mobbed so we couldn't eat.
No biggie, figured we'd just have a beer.
Unfortunately, they didn't have our favorite local beer--Kenzinger. 
This seemed weird since the brewery is right down the street.
So, we asked if they had any PBC products.
At this point the bartender--whom I think was also the manager since he had a "I love my staff" button on-- got kind of weird.  
He basically threw a beer menu in our hands and walked off.
A menu doesn't do you much good if you already know the bar don't got what you're drinking.
Needless to say, our visit was cut short by this interaction.
So, we walked back towards home and stopped into Les and Doreen's happy tap.  We were indeed happy since they did, in fact, have Kenzinger.
I guess we'll give Kraftwork another try on a night when it is not so busy so maybe we can try the food and see why they would open a beer bar in the fishtown/pt richmond/kensington nexus and not have Kenzinger on tap for the locals.
My only other comment concerns parking, namely BIKE parking.  This place--like so many other of the new breed of bars riding the wave started by the true pioneers like Johnny Brendas, has opened without installing a single bike rack on the sidewalk.  This is a major oversight and they should install some bike racks ASAP.
so i am one to try new local places with good beer and good food.  i was very impressed with the beer selection, although anyone with a love of beer would feel the same.  i'm just saying 25 or however many beers on tap makes it hard to be disappointed unless miller lite is your beer of choice..

now, the food.  where do i begin.  terrible, that's where.  the french fries really caught my eye because of the herbs they are covered in.  did anyone else think they looked and tasted exactly like McDonald's french fries??  i mean come on, you don't hand-cut your french fries?  what is this amateur night?  when i walk into a locally owned establishment i expect the fries to be hand-cut and delicious.  now this was the week they opened and maybe (hopefully) they realized the err of their ways and changed things up.  i also ordered the flatbread pizza, dry dry dry..bland.  

beer good, food bad.
Awww, c'mon!  With an impressive rotating 25 beer selection (great idea), you couldn't find a better pilsner than PBR?  And the back up pilsner - PBR.  Yes, very original for Fishtown, because you can't find a Pabst locally!  Otherwise, impressive selection of drafts.

Upon entering this place, there was a brick, metal, wood nut 'n bolt decor - minimalistic, but cozy.  Great picture windows and ample seating for groups. Bar was packed but inviting.  Staff was busy, but friendly and informative with recommendations.  

I understand this place hasn't been around long, but the food needs improvement.  I was safe and ordered a burger - medium, but it ended up medium-rare.  Edible, but not wow!  The fries were tasty but a bit heavy- handed with spice.  At least they were crispy.  My companion ordered mussels and didn't eat them due to the 'soggy' not rubbery texture.  Yes, scary - I don't go there with seafood.  He walked out hungry.  The price tag didn't match the quality.  I'd say this is a drinking establishment and no more.  

Ja, it's a shame and hopefully they'll step it up - this place has potential.   I'd hate to see another uninhabited building in the 19125.
We went this week hoping that everyone who complained about the food was wrong, but they weren't.

I got the chicken sandwich. The flavor was good, but the meat was really dry, to the point of ruining the sandwich for me. Actually, I probably would have been happy if it had been an $8 sandwich. But it is an $11 sandwich.

My husband got the duck special, served with greens and a turnip puree. The duck was nice, but a little overcooked. The turnips weren't handled well; their flavor took over the whole dish. 

We had the cheese plate to start; it was great. I really wanted dessert (the pork rice krispy and blue cheese panna cotta!) but the waitress just slapped our check down without asking if we wanted it. I hate that.

But she probably really did us a favor because it seems like the theme of the menu is "sounds awesome, comes out poorly executed." And with just our entrees, two rounds, and splitting the cheese plate and a side of fries with the other couple, we still spent over $100 just for the two of us. That puts me in the "food must be great, service must be good" range, and Kraftwork definitely didn't make it there.
The ambiance was nice, food tasted great, and portions were good. So happy this place is just a short walk away.
UPDATE:
Things have changed for the better. 

Menu's changed a bit and it's delicious. 

Servers are friendly, know their beers well, and are very happy to assist with beer choices. Service is attentive and quick. 

Still gets a little crowded, but now that the food's improved, I can accept bumping elbows with my neighbors.

Try the charcuterie board - it's enough to share.
The bartender who doubled as our waiter during the quiet late weekday lunch was very affable and knowledgeable about the impressive list of 25 beers available.  He brought us over a few samples to try before we made our selection.

We started lunch with Korean pork tacos for $8 which were absolutely delicious. Two large, soft tacos stuffed quite generously with a nicely hot/sweet juicy serving of pork (which I dripped down the front of my shirt as I bit into - ug!  But so worth it heehee.)

Then hubby had a blue cheese burger he loved -  perfectly cooked and it also had some delicious bacon/onion relish which he said was a wonderful combination with the blue cheese. I had the mushroom baguette which was really good, packed full of tender, succulent mushrooms, red peppers and spinach(?I think it was spinach), topped with a tasty parmesan cheese and all on a fresh, soft slightly crispy baguette. The fries were really good too, thin, well seasoned and served with both catsup and a nice creamy mustardy dip.

The service was excellent, the room was very cool in an exposed brick/industrial kind of way and the bathrooms clean. I'd definitely go back if I was in the area.
The one thing that stood out to me here was the service. Our waiter was super friendly and helpful. We also had a child with us and they were very kid-friendly. They did have high chairs available. I personally got the asparagus salad with chicken. I thought the food was just ok. I didnt realize the chicken was going to be shredded. I thought it was going to be a piece of grilled chicken. My friends did enjoy their tortilla ensalada.
A solid four-star outing on the first go around. Granted, it was brunch, so I didn't actually get a beer; and saying you went to Kraftwork without drinking is like saying you bought Playboy and skipped right to the insightful interview with James Franco.

Nevertheless, Kraftwork brunch did impress me. I had a Philly Omelette stuffed with sausages with potatoes on the side. I practically finished it the second it landed on the table. My gf's gravy and biscuits were also great. Garrett M was eating a burger right next to me, and I became insanely jealous.

Definite win for Kraftwork; will certainly come back for the drinking and dinner portion.
Stopped in for lunch today with a couple friends. Ordered the Charcuterie Plate, Cheese Plate and the Beer Can Chicken Sandwich. The food was great. Very nice selection of meats and cheeses. the Beer Can Chicken Sandwich I highly recommend! The beer selection is top notch as well. I ordered the Bell's Hopslam (10% APV) and one of the cocktails, forget it's name but it had vodka, St. Germaine Elderflower liqueur, lemon and absinthe...very refreshing.
Although I have already reviewed Kraftwork I feel compelled to review it again upon reading Augie B and Jen L's reviews because I was sitting at the table next to them the night they dined at Kraftwork.  I can remember this night so clearly because of the humorous situation Augie created when he sent his crostini back to the kitchen multiple times.  Now I'm not one to judge (yes I am), but when someone has ordered not one but TWO meat and cheese platters then complains about four pieces of toasted bread that person is cra-zay.  I enjoyed the scene Augie created when he complained about his meal despite eating it (no, I didn't measure how much he ate but it was most of it). I find it ridiculous that you could actually argue about toasted bread and then eat, eat, and eat.  I also find it humorous that you use the royal "we" in your review, as if you are speaking for everyone.  While you cite an "unfortunate trend in Philadelphia...(to) get it right then screw the pooch" I could also cite an unfortunate trend in Philadelphia for people to think that studying the "Culinary Arts" qualifies you to review restaurants and pass judgement.  I'm sorry you aren't Craig LaBan and I'm sorry that you felt the need to criticize a the waitress and the chef on date. The night you dined at Kraftwork the staff was on point, the food was excellent, and the beer was top notch.  EVERY meal I've had at Kraftwork has been great, fresh, and yummy.  The waitstaff has NEVER been condescending or rude because I've never been condescending or rude but I can honestly attest to the fact that Augie's waitress was not rude, she was more than patient.  I hope you read Augie and Jen's reviews and think, "Wow, those people think a good date is spending time at a bar while my date berates a waitress then go to Oh! Hara's." 

Bottom Line: Kraftwork is still great.  Their specials are always fresh and local and their beer selection is like no other in the city. Go there immediately!
Kraftwork: A Free Form Poem

Carbs. Pretzel bites and 
cheese sauce. Potato stuffed pierogies. 
Heavy hoppy beer. Yes. 
Picnic tables long enough for a group
with better-than-decent service. 
Need green? There are salads, too.
But always: sandwiches.
Since I wrote my previous review so close to Kraftwork opening its doors I thought I'd write a little "Kraftwork one month after: a retrospective" 

I've been to Kraftwork about 1/2 dozen times now, eating something different every time I've gone and always drinking 1/2 draughts (when possible) to maximize my beer tasting potential. In addition I've gone with someone different every time to maximize my menu tasting potential. 

Now that my study is conclusive I'm happy to say that Kraftwork is holding up their end of the bargain big time. The food is consistent and yummy, the beer selection doesn't disappoint and you can catch a Phillies or Flyers (RIP '10 Stanley Cup run) on the flat screens. 

My personal pick, after all these visits the trout sandwich is still my favorite followed closely by the falafel.
Being that I live dangerously close to Kraftwork and have a deep affinity for beer, I've been stalking the progress of Kraftwork for quite a few weeks. Tonight I finally got the opportunity to check it out firsthand and I couldn't have been happier with what I found. 

The beer selection is fantastic and varied; 24 taps and a hand-pump! In addition the menu is interesting and I didn't see a single item come out of the kitchen that didn't look good enough to steal from my neighbor when he went to the restroom. I had the ricotta dumpling (YUM!!) and the trout sandwich. I ended the meal with a dessert item that was topped with bacon.

Seriously, this place had me at 24 taps and dessert with bacon, but it's across the board a welcomed addition to this end of the avenue.
Just got back from lunch at Kraftwork. I'm impressed with this place. It's a small bar at the east end of Girard Ave. It boasts 24 taps. Stepping inside, there is a great, U shaped bar in the center of the space. The decor is modern/industrial, with a lot of exposed brick and metal work. There's several tables around as well; it's a good size without trying to be humongous. I really like the space.

It's not really fair to review a spot only a few days after it opens, but I'm going to do so anyways. When I first saw the menu and taplist, I was pessimistic. I thought, "With 24 taps, you should have high quality beer on each one." After visiting, however, I've changed my mind. Kraftwork doesn't have any bottled beer, so the tap list is aimed to have something to please every taste (or lack thereof). The older guys across from me, after trying several different craft beers and then ordering PBR, confirmed this.

I really like how the menu is set up. The 24 taps are listed, and next to them is the beer that will replace each one on tap. That's a whopping 48 beers on tap or on deck. Although there are a lot of repeats, it's still impressive. Depending on the beer, pours are served in a goblet, pint,
or half-pint. Many of the beers can be filled in a growler for a reasonable price.

It was quite busy while we ate. There was one bartender and one food runner, and both of these girls were overworked and still managed to provide excellent service. Before it got too crowded, Dan and I were offered several samples of beers on tap while we deliberated. I ended up drinking Southern Tier Hoppe and Bell's Consecrator.

The menu here is kind of small. I'm not sure if it will expand with time, or if they will continue to offer a small selection of solid food. I find that the cheeseburger is an excellent way to judge an entire menu. I ordered a medium rare burger with aged cheddar, lettuce, pickles, and caramelized onions. It was served on a great role and with thin, crispy fries tossed with rosemary. All of the food here is high qaulity, and everything was tasty. The patty is loose packed, good tasting meat. Dan ordered soup and I tried it: creme of mushroom. The mushrooms were pureed, giving the soup a creamy taste and smooth consistency. It was a unique take on a standard soup.

Bottom Line: I like this space, I like competition for Johnny Brenda's, and I expect this location to have a lot of good beers on tap. It won't likely be a regular lunch or dinner spot for me, but the beer, atmosphere and service are enough to keep me visiting. I'm also looking forward to having brunch here.
Today is my 25th time having brunch at Kraftwork.
 
They have the best Bloody Mary/Maria mix in the city (and I know, I've tried them all). The mix is spicy and thick and comes with an assorted pickled veggie garnish on top. The only thing that could make it even better would be to throw some olives in there.

As far as brunch food goes, I haven't had much outside of their quiche specials. Every weekend, they always have a meat and veggie quiche option. Today I opted for meat: ham, caramelized onions and gruyère cheese and I was not disappointed. You can also choose from a side salad or breakfast potatoes or a little bit of both.

My boyfriend usually orders the Eggs Benedict unless one of the other breakfast specials catches his eye. The Eggs Benedict always has perfectly poached eggs and a delicious Hollandaise sauce.

Kraftwork also has a great selection of craft beers on tap and you can order samplers if you can't decide.

There is also usually never a wait for two, which is important when choosing a weekend brunch spot. I would recommend sitting at the bar over a table, since most of the tables are for larger groups.
It's a shame that I have to knock this down from 5 stars to 1, but the service was absolutely awful the other night.  Rarely do I ever get up and leave a restaurant, but it happened.  I really hope this was an anomaly and not the direction this place is going.
I was really excited to have a new place in Fishtown for dinner and drinks, but was pretty disappointed. The 2 stars are for the service which was good, all else left little to be desired. 

The decor is ok, but the colored lights around the bar sort of ruined it for me. I am not much of a beer drinker but I understand the selection is great. Otherwise the food was a bummer and the big bill at the end was an even bigger bummer. Two people eating a dry burger, so so muscles and not so good oysters and drinking one drink each should not warrant a bill close to $100....
decent brunch spot, have yet to go for any other reason. i ordered this massive egg & chicken burrito special and i will dream about it for weeks to come. fresh ingredients, well cooked breakfast potatoes. i had the cider that everyone else was ordering with the snap in it. very tasty.
I tend to visit Kraftwork at least once a week these days and just have to update and add a star to their rating. 

I love you Kraftwork. I love your beer selection, I love your bloody marias, I love your signature cocktails, I love your cheese and vegetable plates, I love all your vegetarian soups, I love that you listened to your reviews and lowered your prices on a few of your menu items, I love your flatbread pizzas, I love your specials, I love your staff, etc. etc. etc.  I hope I don't sound like  a stalker.  Please don't ever leave me Kraftwork,  I don't know what I'd do. 

I do, however, wish you'd throw some vegetarian meats all up on your menu- veggie burger style or some brunchy veggie sausage or something.  You might have to get a restraining order against me if you did though so, you know, I understand your hesitation.
Don't take my three star rating the wrong way - there were plenty of good things about Kraftwork, but I think OVERALL it was a three-star experience. My husband, on the other hand, insists it was 5 stars.

Food (3 stars):
-The pierogies were good, but I just prefer mine with lots of caramelized onions and sour cream. The apple chutney and chive crème fraiche was a little too sweet for my taste.
-My man got the burger, and it came out just how he ordered it. He liked it, I liked it, it was a good, solid, burger.
-I got the French onion short rib sandwich. I was a little disappointed that there wasn't really much gruyere on it and that the horseradish sauce wasn't spicier, but overall it was a decent sandwich.

Libations (4 stars):
-I don't drink beer, but they had hard cider, so I was happy about that.
-My husband got a few beers and really enjoyed them. He wants to go back to try more, and tells me that the selection is quite impressive.

Ambiance (3 stars):
-The decor in Kraftwork is interesting. I like the brick walls and the giant saw. It's creative.
-I do NOT like the noise level. Yes, we were there on a Friday night, but it was SOOOOOOOOOOOO loud!! I couldn't have a conversation without shouting. 
-The seating. Yes, it's shared seating, and I just am not a fan of that. At first I thought our experience would differ from the norm for us and we'd be seated next to some polite/non-irritating people, but that didn't last long because after they left we were seated next to a man who had obviously been to the restaurant before and thought this qualified him to lecture the couple he was with about what to get, what the food comes with, what you can substitude for what, etc. etc. Dude, SHUT UP!! Let them decide!

Service (5 stars):
-It's not possible for me to exaggerate how good the service was here. We were greeted right away, seated right away, drinks came out right away, our plates were cleared right away, our water glasses were filled right away, etc. Our server (Jamie) was attentive without being overbearing or trying too hard to earn a tip by being artificial. Seriously, service was amazing.

I would probably go back to Kraftwork at an off-peak time to avoid the loud noise level and having to sit next to someone irritating.
Great dive bar in the Northern Liberties with a nice selection of brews and solid food.  My friend got the spiced apple cider (served hot!), which was a nice change and great for the cold weather.  The herbed garlic fries are nicely seasoned, crispy, and very generously portioned.  The burger was also solid, and comes on a crusty, buttery brioche. The ambiance is very low key and friendly, and the decor (metalcraft-based with a giant chainsaw in the middle of the bar) is pretty fun and quite thematic.  Worth a try!
Likes:
1.  Beer selection.  They have an $8 flight of 4, which is very reasonable and a great way to check out something new.  Their list of craft brews is so extensive and varied, I almost had a panic attack trying to pick only 4!  The beer came to us extra cold, just how I like it.  
2.  Atmosphere.  The art in this place is amazing.  It's hard to get over it being a brewpub.
3.  Waitstaff.  Very attentive, and our waitress agreed with my criticism of a movie.  Extra points there. 

Dislikes:
1.  Location.  It's definitely driving distance for me, so it's a little rough with all those tempting beers.  This place would be a gift from heaven if I lived in this area, though.
2.  My burger was only so-so, I've had better (it's pretty hard for any burger to out-do Royal Tavern's in my opinion).  I'll have to go back to check out some of the other options-  I hear the Beer Can Chicken sandwich is pretty delicious.  I'm kicking myself for not getting it.
My first 2 star review. Dinner is ok here but just had a terrible experience at brunch. Out of our table  of six, one person's meal came out super late and didn't have silverware when it arrived. My boyfriend has celiac disease and specifically asked for toast on the side so I could eat it and the waitress confirmed it would. The meal came and it did not come on the side and he couldn't eat half of his meal because of the cross contamination. Then, two of my friends didn't get their drinks until we asked another server to get them.
Food = 4.5 Stars
Beer Menu = 4.5 Stars
Atmosphere = 4.5 Stars
Service = 5 Stars


GENIUS! If you like draft beer, you have to try Kraftwork. They have 25 beers on tap at all times, and have a really great selection. The food was pretty awesome.. I've been jonesing for a good burger, and Kraftwork's was excellent. My lady had the beer can sammich, which was also great. Here's a few suggestions based on what we ordered.

Olive and Bacon Flatbread = It was a special, but it was amazing. I'd recommend getting it as an appy to share while you wait for....

The Burger = Really, really effin good. Try it with cheddar and bacon onion jam. That's right... bacon.onion.JAM.

Beer Can Chicken Sandwich = Really good. It comes with this sweet slaw, and I usually abhor slaw, but grab some of that slaw, and throw it on the sandwich. Without the slaw, it is still good. With the slaw, its unearthly.

Caramel Strawberry Desert = It was also on the specials menu, but my god it was amazing. Caramel + Strawberries + Mint + Sea Salt. OMGOMGOMG

The atmosphere was pretty cool, everything had like a factory, schematic, tools and machinery theme. Daylight pours in from multiple directions, and the tables are nice and large for all the food and beer you will be consuming. Last but not least, our server was amazing. I'll be back.
How has it taken me so long to get to Kraftwork? Beats me.

I like it here. I don't LOVE it, but I like it. Great beer selection, the staff is nice, the food is good.
 
Something I don't like, however, is the seating situation. The tables are kind of uncomfortable. On one side, you have a picnic-style bench. No back. Dislike. On the other side, you have a long wooden bench along the wall, so there is a back. Still, oddly uncomfortable.

 I doubt I'd come here to sit down for a meal, but I'd gladly return for a seat at the bar.
i have eaten there only one time i thought the food was good a little pricy, buit i have no complaints  the service was good didn't have to wait long for my food i would Recommend this place to my friends if you want to come to Fish-town to try it out.
Finally!  I keep hearing about the latest places that call themselves "gastropubs" and am almost always disappointed.  Most places manage an okay beer selection and fall flat on their faces when it comes to food.  Kraftwork is exceptional in both respects and ups the ante with deliciously crafted cocktails (Corbusier -- a tasty drink that contains absinthe?  How novel!) and a  small but well-chosen selection of wine that accommodates the wino in me.

On to the real meat of the place: the food!  Anyone can invest in a lot of taps and a beer consultant, or throw in the kitchen sink when it comes to bottles (Kraftwork has none), but I'm almost always left wanting when it comes to  the "gastro-" part of "gastropub".   The menu size is restrained and the descriptions are simple, but everything I've had delivers big time in the taste, preparation, and usually size.  And usually contains substantial amounts of meat.  The burger -- medium-rare, Point Reyes Blue(!) and bacon onion jam(!) -- is the new burger to beat in Philadelphia.  The "Crispy Pork Terrine" are lovely little crispy fried, melt-in-your-mouth balls of porky deliciousness.  The charcuterie board, including an unhealthy portion of non-fried (but bacon wrapped) rabbit terrine, was nearly meal enough for two.  The meat finale is a "pork crispy treat" -- crackling substituting rice crispies, topped with chocolate and bacon.  It's a meat-eater's dream come true.   

On the vegetable side, the "fiddlehead ferns" special was a remarkably simple but satisfying dish.  I was told by the server that they're only in season for a short time and would be taken off the menu as soon as they were no longer freshly available.  I'm used to hearing discussion of seasonal veggies in fine dining establishments, but it's nice to hear that a pub is basing their menu on the freshness of their produce.  There's a veggie plate in addition to the charcuterie board.  The "faux gras" tastes nothing like the real thing, but was a good, rich, creamy, buttery slab of non-meat products -- all i could pick out  specifically was garlic.  

For me, the fish was 50-50.  Most yelpers seem to be partial to Monk's mussels, but I think Kraftwork's easily give them a run for their money.  Maybe I just went on a good night.   The Trout BLT, on the other hand, was, well, fishy.  Trout is a fishy fish, and I should've expected this, but I guess I was just expecting them to miraculously balance it out or cover it up with bacon or sauce.  They don't.  It's definitely a trout sandwich.  Period.

I can't say enough good things about this place.  It's actually motivating me to trek up to Fishtown from South Philly.  I almost wish it were further away so I could burn off more of the calories I consume in beer, pig, beef, pig, rabbit, and most everything else they're cooking up.
i had been closely watching this place for the several months leading up to its opening. knowing that sidecar is very popular for good reason, and getting bored of going to memphis taproom, i was pretty psyched for a new place to walk to in the neighborhood. sure, i knew there would be a bunch of fixed gears out front, but i wanted to try several of the 24 beers on draught. so some friends and i went the weekend after they opened.

and the beer didn't disappoint. the selection was on point. hitachino, weyerbacher, excellent. and the staff was really nice.

but at some point after you've been drinking, you want to grab something to eat. and this is where the horror started. 

that might be a little hyperbolic, but it. was. not. good.

the flatbread pizza margherita is advertised as "fresh mozzarella & tomato sauce." i actually think that's all they put on top of the dough before throwing it in the oven. it was boring and flavorless, dry as a bone. spices, people, spices! they work wonders!

and i won't get started on the "toasted garlic and herb friends" ... they were so thin and flavorless once you got past the rosemary that it was clear they came out of a freezer.

great concept. poor execution. maybe i'll try the 10-dollar falafel next time i'm there. nah, probably not. a little too pretentious with not nearly enough to back it up.
I would like Kraftwork so much more if the food prices were justified. However, their tap list is out of control. The food isn't bad but not wonderful either.
I'd pitch a tent on the corner of Montgomery and Girard to be able to call Kraftwork my neighborhood haunt. 

Meeting a friend here to catch up after a two-year hiatus may not have been the best idea because I was enthralled with the menu, the mega saw dangling above the bar and the bolts that may have once been used to hold together an architectural monstrosity. 

It's too bad I don't have less self-control because I would have loved to eat and drink the entire menu. Let me say, though, the Avery Maharaja Imperial IPA and mussels with fries are now logged on my death-row meal wish list. It's probably really rude of me to brag about my amazing combo because the draft list rotates weekly or when the keg kicks, whichever comes first. By the way, the mussels steeped in a sauce so rich that I'd have drunk it in a glass if the Maharaja ran out.

Shout out to our awesome server. Unfortunately, I have no idea what his name was but he was infinitely helpful and patient - like I said I was pleasantly overwhelmed and impossibly torn between all of the stellar selections. The $8 sampler is great for the adventurous or the undecided.
walked into Sketch Burger after a long day to get a very late (4 PM) lunch to go and after some confusion due to the person working there, was told it would be 45 minutes to get burgers, haha. so we left, obviously. thankfully some dude outside told us to walk down the street and check out Kraftwork.

because of the weird time, there were only a few patrons but service was super fast and polite. not sure if service could have been better. we sat outside. everyone who worked there was extremely attentive. food was delicious! burger, side salad, fries, bahn mi, deviled eggs, etc. all good and arrived to the table quickly. i would DEFINITELY go back here if i'm near that section of Girard again.
I fall more in love with this place every time I stop in!

Whether it is a quiet weekday lunch, dinner with friends or a late night stop-in with my boyfriend, the food/drinks/service are always on par.

My boyfriend and I tend to get the beer sampler every time we go since they are constantly rotating beers here. I have had their other drinks too and they are delicious as well.

The food here hits all of the marks and the menu really caters to every palate. I've enjoyed the portabella melt as well as the pork tacos. The salads are creative and different which is a nice change from most bar offerings. The deviled eggs and the pretzels are out of this world.

What really sets this place up for success is the service. Everyone is friendly and accommodating and works hard to make sure you are satisfied. Recently I stopped in on a Saturday and sat at the bar, and the bartender (Jon) was super sweet and friendly. He made great beer recommendations and was there to help us when needed him. 

This is my new go-to spot in Fishtown area, and I am pretty sure it will stay that way for awhile :)
Great beer selection, very small menu.  The food I had was ok, but the service was a bit slow (both times I've gone), and as a vegetarian, my choices are super limited.  I'd love to see more of a menu in this great establishment.
Cool atmosphere, knowledgeable and friendly staff, big beer selection.

The food has gotten consistently better since the pub opened, and there are plentiful veggie options.

Reading the schematic-themed menu feels a little like work at the end of a long day, and sometimes the beer selection follows a theme, resulting in a more limited variety, but this place can generally please everyone.
It's been a while since I visited. But I now live in the area and wanted to give a local bar/restaurant some attention. 
I do like the fact that the atmosphere was just a pleasant. Casual and comfortable. I've always remembered Kraftwork for the craft cocktails and great tap selections. 
Food has always been very well prepared. Always fresh ingredients and attention to detail. This is not as common at comparable businesses. 
To summarize, this visit was very pleasant. Not disappointed with all I've known about before. 
The only negative I found was that my bartender was not customer centric. He appeared like he was not into working during my time there.  Maybe he was just having a bad day or he hates this job? Everyone else was very courteous and accommodating in my observation. 
I will definitely come back again and again.
I came here for lunch with Nora S. and we loved the atmosphere. The entire layout has different gears and turbines, even as the table legs as if you were really in an old craftsman's shop.  Just overall very chill and fun vibes.

The only thing to be careful about is that the service can be slow during lunch. It took a while for everyone to get their food, but I have to say the food is well worth the wait. We decided to split two salads between us, so that we could try the different options.

The arugula and beet salad is incredible. The dressing is perfect and the fried goat cheese will blow your mind. It is not your typical bar food, but so delicious and the ultimate summer salad! 

I also tried the tortilla salad which comes on top of two fried tortillas that are sandwiched between bean dip.  To me, it's the healthy alternative to nachos. Very yummy and will fill you up!
I might be biased because I always come here after a night of climbing when I'm starving and ready for a beer, but I gotta say, Kraftwork has never let me down. The beer list is the best in the city in my opinion. Every beer I've tried here has been a valuable discovery. Their amazing half price HH makes my craft beer habit a little less damaging to the wallet. The falafel is filling, refreshing, and full of bright flavors when paired with a side salad instead of fries. Half price beer, a delicious vegetarian dinner, a cool atmosphere, and a bunch of sweaty climbing friends... What's not to love!? I will say that I usually avoid going here on the weekends since it gets maaaad crowded Thursday-Saturday nights and I'm not about that wait.

Oh, and I adore the plentiful bike parking out front. So Fishtown.
So - i pass the corner of Montgomery and Girard perhaps weekly.  I recently noticed activity at the corner.  Last weekend it looked like SOMETHING was about to open.  So we went to investigate Monday.  

We just went for beers, but so far so good.  They only have a tap system, but fear not.  The beer menu was set up "construction-blueprint" style.  Go see it for yourself, it was cool.   Like the other Yelper said, u can see the sizes, cost, and alcohol level of the beers and they have a list on the side so you know whats on deck.

The staff was nice and had it together - eventhough it was busy and they have been open for maybe a week.  So kudos to the staff.  The atmosphere was cool - exposed brick, big windows and lots of custom metalwork.  

The beer list had a little something for everyone.  I liked the fact that most of the beers came in a little size - that way if your're not in the mood for a full pint or want to just give something a try, you're covered!    

We did not try the food, but it all looked and smelled fantastic (i may have drooled on a neighbor over the muscles).  They have a gastro-pub style menu and vegetarians - you're covered.  I am reserving a star because we didnt try the food.

UPDATE
Have now been back quite a few times and the food has always been great.  A fav is the beer can chicken sandwich!
This place has a great beer selection, and the mixed drinks are good, too. I like the beer menu design. And the decor is pretty cool and the seating comfortable. The staff are friendly and knowledgeable, which is always nice.

Regrettably, the food is mediocre, particularly for the cost. I've only had the burger and the shortrib sandwich. In both cases, the accompanying fries, while crispy, were WAY over-seasoned, almost like they had MSG on them or something. Not saying they DID have MSG, they just tasted that way. The burger was okay, but not great. Plenty of better burgers in the city. The shortrib sandwich was basically beef shortribs shredded to the consistency of pulled pork, topped with crispy something or other. This was okay, and the crispy things were a nice touch, but the bun sort of flattened out after a few bites, and worse, the whole thing left a nasty taste in my mouth that stayed for a couple of hours. Or maybe it was the over-seasoned fries obscuring everything else, it's hard to tell.

That's my review after only two visits. Maybe some of the other items are better, but I really hope they can pull up the level of the food here, because it's otherwise a great little place.
In fakedoctor school, I memorized the diagnostic gold standards to test people for disgusting diseases. In life, I've realized that Kraftwork is my gold standard against which I test places to eat and drink in Philly.

Everything about this place is reliable - from the extensive 25-tap beer list with 25 more to look forward to, to the satisfying staples and imaginative specials, to the friendly, approachable servers and bartenders, to the fun decor, outdoor seating, dog friendliness, clean bathrooms, and phillies games on tv. 

I've probably come here almost weekly for the past couple of years, so I've tried their famous beer can chicken sandwich, and it lives up to the hype, as does the burger: it's exactly what you're looking for when you want a burger with your craft beers. The snacks and veggie specials are always spot on as well.

I could drink the mustard dip that comes with the herbed fries. Seriously. I guess the only thing that could make it better would be thicker fries (Oh man, Sketch fries + Kraftwork dip...). Such heavenly mustard porter crack cocaine meth dip! I was almost miffed when it didn't make it onto a recent list of top ten french fry dips in Philly. Serious business. I'd like a gallon for my birthday.

Anyway, Kraftwork is the best. It's the best for dinner. It's the best for late-night happy hour (or soupy hour - the soups on special are always amazing). It's the best for sitting around on a weekday afternoon and doing homework while talking to the bartender. I think they must put potential employees through a battery of rigorous tests to prove their awesomeness. It's the best for lazy Sunday brunch, too.

I'm done gushing. Go here.
I was looking for a brunch place and this came up in my search. I liked the menu and decided to give it a try. Upon walking in, we were seated right away. The dishes we ordered off the brunch menu were a burger and the tortilla ensalada. Both were delicious, flavorful and good value for the price. I also ordered the party jam strawberry beer and really enjoyed it. Overall a great place to grab brunch!
Pierogi are amazing. You know fries are good when you can't stop fucking shoveling them in your craw.
Came here on Saturday for the Eagles game and had such a blast!

The chile wings were amazing but that Harissa hot sauce ones I wasn't too big of a fan of. The sauce on there was cold which kinda made the wing soggy. The service was great, our server Michael was very attentive and made sure we never had an empty drink during the game.
There's only 2 TV's but if you get a good table it's a great place to eat some good food, drink some good beers and watch the game with some friends.
I'm a huge fan of Kraftwork.  The husband and I stalked the place from the moment we saw the orange permit posted in the window and couldn't wait until it opened  We frequent the place together and sometimes solo b/c it's that's good and welcoming.  I love the atmosphere, the bartenders and the beer selection.  It's within walking distance to our house and I love that it has joined the neighborhood.  My favorite spot is at the bar - it's 3 sided which wins big stars from me.  They have a couple of flatscreens which are usually showing a football or basketball game, but they are not the main focus at this bar.

The menu is growing on me - I would like to see more of a selection.  I tried the Duck Confit Salad for the first time the other night and was completely won over!  You must get it with the poached egg on top.  The fries are very good and come with a whole grain mustard dipping sauce but I'm ready for something new to dip those rosemary fries in - some type of aioli?  Flatbread Pizza is decent, cheese plate is outstanding.  Liver Mousse was on special one night and it was divine.  We needed more flatbread b/c the liver to flatbread ratio was off.  We were charged for the flatbread which I thought was a little weak.

As many people have mentioned in their reviews, the beer selection is outstanding.  And I love that they offer most beers in an 8oz pub, 10oz goblet, 16oz pint and 64oz growler to go.

I tend to frequent Kraftwork about 5 times a month.  So glad you are my neighbor!
Came to this German inspired pub for National Burger Day because my friend said they have killer burgers. I've confirmed they do.

Started with a flight of 4 draft beers (quite a little deal) and loved all of them, especially the Liquid Gold. I got my burger with sharp cheddar and bacon and red onion marmalade (at the server's emphatic request) and was so pleased. Well cooked, the jam a perfect blend of sweet and salty. Quick service and 70s jams ranks this hipster place high in my book.
We needed some late night grub, so we stopped by kraftwork because it's supposed to be veggie friendly. 
We ordered peroxide which were nice and crispy, but super oily
The tofu banh mi was okay, it lacked flavor but has some good fresh veggie and bread. 

Overall food was decent, as was the service... but again, nothing too great.
This is what I do when I walk into Kraftwork:

1) get a flight of amazing beers

2) drink them while looking at the specials menu

3) order something from the specials menu (i have yet to be dissapointed)

4) order a goblet of tasty beer to accompany the food that I chose

5) key lime desert

I. Love. This. Place.
I love this place!  Went there for the first time last night with two friends and we all agree - we will be back!   Our waiter set the stage - his service was impeccable and a real surprise - like what you would expect at a high-end restaurant.  He knew the menu inside out and did a great job when we asked him to select our beer flights.  We loved everything we ordered and would highly recommend - the Hazelnut Salad, Sicilian Arancini, Korean BBQ Tacos, and Short rib Sandwich.  Whoever created the menu clearly knows food and knows how to present it.  One very small complaint - but not enough to keep me from going back - the heavy metal rock music playing when we first sat down was making me wonder if I could stay (not my idea of a pleasurable dining experience, sorry).  Just as I was about to make a request the music switched to the Stones and for the most part stayed within that venue for the rest of our stay.  Given the level of attention and service we received all night, I'm sure they would have accommodated any music requests. This little unassuming Fishtown Gastrobar is a delightful surprise and I would recommend it to anyone.
YUM! A friend and I stopped in for lunch today and boy am I glad we did. We shared the veggie board and mussels w/ fries. The food was excellent- very fresh and well prepared. We didn't sample any beer, but the menu is very extensive and looks like any beer drinker's dream. 

My only knock is the prices. A bowl of mussels & fries (at $16) is more expensive than at monk's and well, no one beats monk's mussels. And the veggie board, while very delicious, wasn't the most filling $15 worth of food I've had.

Our waitress was great and told us how almost everything in the place (stools, tables, benches) was made by the owners/staff and well, that makes it just that much more charming, doesn't it?

Should you go here? YES!
A while back I started a burger thread on Yelp asking Philadelphians where their favorite burger in the city came from. I got a lot of answers and Kraftwork was among those mentioned; however, it slid to the back of my mind and I sorta forgot about Kraftwork for a while. Fast forward about a year and I find myself here. 

We had attended the Philly Beer Expo at the Naval Yard earlier in the day and met up with a friend who lived in Fishtown. She was nice and sober enough to drive us back to her place where we sobered up. We asked her if we could grab a bite to eat before heading back to Jersey and she suggested Kraftwork. "Oh I've heard of them!" I said, but I couldn't drum up where or when I had heard of them. 

We get to the bar, I open the menu, and then it hits me when I look at the list of burgers. "I heard that the burgers were good here" I drunkly thought to myself (or maybe I said it out loud, I can't quite say). I opted for the Kraftwork burger with cheddar (I think) and bacon red onion marmalade (that's right bacon red onion marmalade). Just typing it now has me drooling again, so you can only imagine my enthusiasm for this condiment. 

Needless to say the burger was cooked just right and the bacon red onion marmalade was absolutely delicious. Come to think of it, even if the burger was bad, I don't think I would've noticed because I was still in post-beer fest awe at the deliciousness of this creation. I did not order a beer, but word on the street is that they have a pretty nifty tap selection, so I will be sure to return for that. 

Good food with good service for a decent price has made me a fan of Kraftwork. Next time I am in Fishtown, I will not hesitate to stop on in.
Everything about think this place is worth the time...the beer list, the food and the folks who work there. If you're a novice to beer drinking, the bartenders will try and work with your tastes, complete with letting you taste the beer before ordering.

I've eaten a couple of the times that I've been here and the food was always amazing. The beer can chicken sandwich is simply one of my favorites - the chicken is so tender and flavorful...it's delicious!!

The beer list is great and depending on how busy it is (can be) ever changing. They let you know what is current in draft but then also what is coming up next when a keg is kicked.
As a thank you for looking after their dog one weekend, my bf's family offered to take us out for dinner - and Kraftwork got my vote due to all the praise Yelp has bestowed upon it. 

We were already excited, but when we arrived and started looking around at the decor and people and FOOD...we were more than ready to chow down by the time we got our table. Thankfully they moved us from the first one (directly beneath a/c = 3 frozen ladies, 2 uncomfortable men) to another that was much more pleasant, and bigger which was great since we ordered quite a bit of stuff. The men each got beer flights of 4; everything they offer is strictly on tap (AWESOME!! but therefore limited beer menu that changes seasonally), and if you have a hard time choosing the staff seems pretty well versed since our waitress instantly started listing options when prompted. The beer is truly delicious, they make quite the effort to have a diverse and relatively extensive list of microbrews. 

But we weren't just there to drink - and thankfully our food came out quickly. We split 2 orders of the ricotta dumplings (fantastic, 4 pieces per order) and a side of pickled veggies (Yum! Although I still prefer Resurrection Ale House's), and then technically each ordered separate entrees although we all tasted everything on the table: 2 beer can chicken sandwiches, 1 prime rib sandwich, 1 beet salad, and a special poached eggs over sauteed Kennett Square assorted mushrooms with brioche toast. The food was great. That chicken was so tender and juicy (need to try that technique out for myself!), as was the prime rib, the beet salad was delicious, huge and not overly saturated with vinaigrette, but that poached egg special stole the show, mostly because those mushrooms are TO DIE FOR. Thank god I marked down the Kennett Square Mushroom Festival on my calendar because THAT is a dish that I will definitely replicate on my own.

Kraftwork is great! All the servers were really nice, especially our waitress who gave great recommendations and was constantly smiling. The decor is wonderful too, with a laid-back feel that's still nice and put together. Great place to come for any occasion, or just to chill at the end of the day!
Kraftwork is an eclectic restaurant and beer bar with unique industrial design elements. I enjoyed the small design touches everywhere from the metal industrial handle on the appetizer platter to the large bolts used for the toilet paper holder. The menu is diverse and offers cuisine that ranges from Vietnamese Banh Mi to Korean BBQ tacos to the German/Polish drinking staples of pretzels and pierogies. I had the bone-in pork chop a couple of weeks ago and it was perfectly juicy and very flavorful. My friends say their craft beer selection is on point but as a proclaimed beer bar I'd really appreciate it if they had at least one gluten free beer option (not just cider, but a beer).
Went here last Sunday with a few friends and WE LOVED KRAFTWORK.

Let me tell you why.

1.  Awesome server - nice guy, I asked him to pick out my beers for the flight of samplers because I figured he knew about bizillion times more about beer than I do and I tasted yummy things I wouldn't have tasted otherwise.

2.  Great food.  Like, really really good.  We split ricotta dumplings, hazelnut salad, korean style tacos, short rib sandwhich and arancini.  Everything super yummy and very savory.

3.  See above.

I mean - really - with more beer on tap than you can possibly need in an evening, great food... oh, I forgot #4....

4.  Reasonably priced.  Beers, wine, food for 3 of us - $40 each.

Can't wait to go back!
I drive by this place all the time on my way home from work and just stopped in last night with the boyfriend for dinner, beer and Phillies.

The decor is very industrial and the atmosphere started out laid back until it started filling up and everyone was buzzing, mostly into the Phillies game. The bartenders were very chill and Adam's iPod is full of excellent tunes (lots of RJD2 is a winner!).

The beer list is extensive and it's all on tap. It's a good thing they don't believe in bottles at this bar because they wouldn't really have the room for them anyway.

The menu is full of unique fare - indecisive on what to nosh on, boyfriend and I split our orders: the BL...Trout sandwich with salt & vinegar fries and the Shortrib Sandwich with garlic & herb fries. I'd never eaten trout before and it wasn't exactly what I was expecting, but it was great sandwich on this delicious, very crisp wheat toast. The shortrib sandwich was out of this world, a lot of which I attribute to the awesome kick from the hot peppers embedded in there.

I preferred the salt & vinegar fries to the garlic & herb ones, but you can't go wrong with either thanks to the mustard aioli dipping sauce. Many compliments to the chefs on the great food and to the owner for opening such a great spot. Will certainly be back.
ok. I'm two visits in and both times everything was exceptional. I went during beer week with two old friends and we celebrated their Hitachino night. At first I was skeptical because the only beers they were serving were Hitachino. To the rescue? HOORAY for the beer flight! seriously, the beer flight is genius. especially during beer week.
the menu for beer week was also limited, not realizing we should just trust all Kraftwork decisions we played it safe and just split an appetizer. We ordered the asparagus and egg. (real name unknown) it was incredible. On my most recent visit I quietly wished it would be part of their regular menu. alas, it is not. Maybe on their specials sometime..... I will have to keep trying.
2nd visit was after going to the 26th to report a robbery. you would think a birthday theft would ruin the night, but no! Kraftwork fixed all, for however so temporarily.
we sat outside and had beers I've never heard of and do not recall now, but they were super. I had the margarita pizza and fries (I like to start with the simplest items on my first dinner visit, then go adventurous each time after) my husband got the mussels. It would be unfair to gauge anyone's mussels against Monk's so we try not to do that. In which case they were really good and my simple fair was delicious. 
There should be a note about the staff here - they are fantastic. We had one waiter, but at least two other people checking on us and all three filling waters. I am putting Kraftwork on a regular rotation.
oh - the reason we sat outside? it is really loud in there. might be an issue for me in the future, but as long as tables on the sidewalk are open, all is well.
I've been here several times with each visit thinking, "Great place, but hmm, needs something to push it over the top."  That happened several nights ago.  Some friends and I came in around 11pm, and we decide over the gigantic beer list.  My one friend chooses a wheatwine, to which at my utmost approval, the bartender asks my friend if he would rather try a small sample first before buying it.  The bartender would not sell the beer to my friend without a sample first, simply because the bartender didn't like how this particular wheatwine was executed.  We have the samples and I get into a discussion with the guy, to which we agreed it was unbalanced and too harsh for the style.  My friend ordered it anyway.  That's as good as it gets for a beer-slinger.

The food is pretty good, typical gastropub fare.  The fries kinda taste like Andy Capp's cheddar fries and that's fantastic.  And the interior is awesome.  I want to take (steal) one of the stools and yes the saw blade hanging in the middle of the bar moves.
Love this place and their selection of brews on tap.. Any place that brings in good Belgians and a fine selection of local beers, is awesome in my book.  It's worth the bike ride from South philly to Girard and Montgomery.. One warning - this place gets crowded, especially on the weekends so good luck finding a seat!
Wow, there are some ridiculously harsh reviews of the food here.  Don't confuse yourself, you're coming to this place for the alcohol and simply put, the food served here is a nice compliment to the absurdly good beer list that they offer.  

Contrary to others on this board, I really enjoyed the food at Kraftwork and was psyched to see that Ben works here (a great waiter from Bar Ferdinand).  My girlfriend and I ordered only "specials" off the menu when we ate here which included: roast pork tenderloin, fluke, fried green tomatoes, a beet/goat cheese/arugula salad and a special white peach/shortcake dessert.  Everything was excellent and Ben informed us that 1) the tomatoes were grown at the Chef's uncle's farm about an hour outside of the city, 2) the fluke was caught locally and 3) the beets were grown by youth at an urban community garden at 8th and Poplar.  In my opinion, that is fantastic.  Also, did you guys really think this place was so overpriced?  If so, you really need to eat at more places.  All of that food I mentioned above, plus 2 craft beers for myself, and 2 cocktails for my girlfriend was only around $80.  These days I am happy with any food/bar bill under $100 for two people.  This place was very reasonably priced in comparison to similar places throughout the city.  I'll tell you, as a local resident, I am really glad to see another place like this opening up in the area.  We need it.  I'll definitely be coming back to Kraftwork.  Do yourself a favor and come check it out.  Let's also not forget that this place is pretty new and they will probably make changes based on constructive feedback.  

P.S. - of course the beer selection here is silly.  Sooooooo good.
Great service and great beer offerings so I'll soon be back. We only tried the pork krispy treats for food and I can't particular suggest them as they were a little strange. I'm a big fan of unique combinations and thought this looked right up my alley but the pork rinds make the krispy treat a little too tough but are probably necessary for the depth of pork flavor they are going for. The rest of the food all looked good albeit a little pricey particularly for the area (falafel for $11?! Burger for $12?!). Also, the location is a little difficult to get to but I found parking in no time so that's at least a plus when venturing to that area. All that being said, I found myself texting a friend from the bar to tell her how much I thought she would enjoy it so clearly I'm a fan as well!
You hear the hype about Philly being one of the best beer towns in America.  I haven't lived in all that many towns, but I'm beginning to believe it's true.  Thanks to wonderful establishments like Kraftwork, Devils Den, the Royal, the new Khyber, the Foodery and Hawthornes ( i could go on...)  exotic, creative, fresh, tasty microbrews and craft beers are now expected and readily available.  Philadelphians beware!  Do not take these wonderful beer establishments for granted!  remember how lucky we are... I'll drink to that!!

Now back to Kraftwork.  I've been there twice.... the first time, I had beer for dinner. I was on my own, tired after a tough Sunday at work, waiting for the Eagles game to come on.  I stopped in on my way home... sat at the bar, definitely a great place for people watching and chatting up the bartenders.  I had a few little tastes of some Pumking, a japanese buckwheat beer, and a red.  Ended up ordering a couple pints and left with a nice shine on the world.  

My second time back was with a friend and fellow beer-drinker from work. This time we did a flight of four, times two... If you are a sampler like me this is the way to go.  Our choices ranged from dark amber to black.  The standout for me included the Rauchbier, ("smoke beer" in German.) We dubbed this one "bacon beer".  Sounds a little gross, but don't knock it till you try it. It was actually delicious, in my mind perfect for apres-ski in front of a fire. Being mostly veg, it's as close to bacon as i'll get these days.  For food, I had some yummy mussels and  fries... I hear the burger is great... but food is really like a bonus here.  Only improvement I would make: I'd like to see the locations where the beer is from listed on the menu.  It is fun to see how many brewery locales that you can name, but still... I like to know that stuff.  Also loved it how you can see what beer they are tapping next.  I was disappointed to miss the Rogue Hazelnut, but like so many friends have told me, there are plenty of other fish in the sea.
I don't like being condescended to, *especially* when it's about beer! I'm willing to let the 'tude slide this time, but "honey," please stop assuming the customers aren't as cool as you.

On a more positive note, Kraftwork was pretty great! The draught selection was impressive, I liked the decor, and the menu was really unique. I had just eaten, so I didn't try anything. But my friend's beer can chicken sandwich looked delicious, and I'm dying to try the blue cheese panna cotta.

Tudey waitress or not, I'll be back for sure! It seemed like a good crowd.
Came here for dinner and beers before a show and we were not disappointed. You can't go wrong with their happy hour specials-- 7 items for $7 each. My husband and I each ordered a flight of four beers from the happy hour menu (all of them were delicious). Kraftwork's beer selection is fantastic-- they have plenty for people who like to keep their beer simple and plenty for people who like to get adventurous. 

Also from the happy hour menu we ordered the burger (to freaking die for), the wings (holy full of flavor, Batman!), cheesesteak spring rolls (slamming), and the vegan bhan mi sandwich (great flavor, mushy tofu-- but it's tofu, so what'd you expect?). Everything was seriously so wonderful. 

Also, the service was really great. We sat at the bar and were well taken care of by the bartenders. One in particular (Colin) made sure to let me know that a few of the items I had ordered had eggs (since I had an allergy) and offered a few alternatives. The owner was there, and he was super friendly and great to interact with as well!

Overall, a super experience with Kraftwork. I couldn't recommend this place more for a laid back, but delicious dining and beer experience.
Ick...this review is based solely on the food. Our party of four came in on a Saturday night and it was poppin. We found a seat right away and ordered some drinks and food. I didn't order a drink but they have an extensive list.

First, the food took about 45 minutes to come out...we got our drinks within 10 minutes but the food didn't come out for a while. Ok it was busy I understand and that's fine but my food was cold by the time I got it. Not cool. 

I had the beer can chicken sandwich ($12) and it was pretty damn horrible. The shredded chicken mixed with provolone was not a good blend and the fact that I found cartilage mixed in with my chicken meant they weren't really paying attention to the cooking. The bread was soooo unbelievably soggy and cold....it was really sad. I recommend eating before getting a drink here.
Seriously awesome.  Yep, really.  I actually had a healthy dinner there--the vegetable board--which consisted of vegetable terrine (eggplant), a spray of veggies across the board (asparagus, peppers, etc.), a "faux gras" (no clue but tasty) and some hummus...before killing my liver with alcohol.  

I love what they've done with the place.  We had the most beautiful and wonderful waitress to work in Philly serve us...male and female alike, coupled or not, we were all in love with her in one way or another.  It was opening night and the place was jam packed but none of us was ever without a drink or needing anything.  

The bathrooms are great.  The bartenders are friendly.  And when I forgot and left my card there (yeah, it was so great I went back later after dinner), they were cool enough to really check my ID before turning it over to me, so no one had the chance to steal my bank card.  

Love it, love it, love it.  And totally dig on the fact that I can walk there and walk to nearby Johnny Brenda's and basically have a mini-pub crawl now to my Fishtown abode.
Let me make myself clear, Kraftwork is a pretty great place.  However, it doesn't exactly have anything going for it that I'm drawn to.  I can't give it more stars because I'm usually not sure what to do with myself when I'm there.

I've been to Kraftwork probably a dozen times.  It's a really popular spot and has one of the best late night happy hours in Philly.  From what I can tell that's pretty much the main draw of this place, cheap craft beers from 10pm to midnight every night.  They have an ever changing list of beers on tap and usually there's several good ones (from what I've been told/seen).

The problem for me is I don't drink beer.  The only thing I really drink (aside from occasional cocktails) is hard cider.  This normally isn't a huge issue in Philly because I know multiple great places to buy difficult to find ciders in shops and even in one bar that I know of, Bottle Bar, but that is kind of a shop anyway.

Kraftwork normally DOES have a cider on tap, but sadly sometimes it isn't part of the happy hour and it has never been one I liked.  It seems strange that with as often as I go there they haven't once had one of the ciders I've grown to love.  So that's disappointing.

That pretty much leaves me getting a cherry coke and ordering some food, but again that's another low point for me.  I've never gotten anything I love at Kraftwork.  The fries are a good deal as you get a ton of them for cheap, but they aren't anywhere near the kind of fries I like.  They're super small shoe string ones that sometimes have a slightly burnt taste in my opinion.

I feel bad not giving Kraftwork a better review because I do like hanging out there somtimes.  But when it comes to food and drink there's many places I'd choose first.

But if you're into craft beer, saving money, and nice looking bars, then definitely give it a try.  Plenty of people love the place so I'm sure you will too.
Perogies we're good but I was very surprised they did not come with caramelized onions.

The cheesesteak eggrolls... I wouldn't order them again. Taste was just ok.. didn't seem to have any cheese, so it was just a well seasoned steak inside a fried roll on top of some liver creamy sauce. I didn't care for the sauce either. The chili sauce was the best part of the dish!

The burger was delicious! Well.. as always! :) and it comes with string fries and salad. All very well prepared!
Kraftwork is on Frankford Ave and the parking is usually a little easier for me in that area. My daughter and myself had our first visit on an October Friday night. We were there later and were seated without a wait. The space was crowded and doing well.

I had been at the Side Car before owned by the same folks as Kraftwork. The menu has a similar layout and there is very good beer selection. The inside is open with brick walls, wood tables and this really cool metal handsaw sculpture over the bar. 

Crispy Pierogies - Mashed potatoes, choucroute, mushrooms, and chive creme fraiche, apple chutney. These were very flavorful and crème fraise and apple chutney worked well together. This was a bigger then we expected. French Onion Short Rib Sandwich - Caramelized onions melted Gruyere, horseradish creme fraiche, and ciabatinni bun. This was an excellent sandwich and the meat was tender. We also had the Shrimp Po' Boy special. This was pretty good, it wasn't as good as the other dishes but the bread was excellent.

The star of the night was the dessert, the fried Apple Pie with house made vanilla ice cream, caramel sauce.  This was one of the better desserts I have has in a long time and if you like apples, cinnamon and deliciousness look no further.

All the servers at Kraftwork were friendly and helpful and I would definitely go back again.
Oh, how the mighty fall. There is really no reason why pretzel bites should be tough enough to strain my TMJ when the kitchen just opened 1 hour ago. Also, it shouldn't take 20min to get a beer and 25 more to get the check when there is 1 other occupied table on a Saturday afternoon. Y'all almost had me miss my flight - officially no longer on the short list of places to stop by on every Philly visit. Womp.
Started here for Philly Beer Week 2010. Decided to go with the Kraftwork Burger... Grilled to a perfect medium rare. I ordered it with 2yr Grafton Cheddar Cheese and the bacon onion jam. Comes with toasted herb garlic fries. Burger was great, I was told that the beef is ground in house. 
As for beer, I started with an Ommengang Witbier and then a Petus "something...?" I forget which one.
Been here about 4 times and never really had a meal that was great. Not really even good. Bloodys are too spicy.  Meals look ok but not that good. Beer is great so I guess it's a great place to drink only!
Big, big fan of the vibe in this place.

Kraftwork supplies you with a hip place to eat and drink quality food and beverage without aura of pretension. The waiter knew it all, but was not a know­it­all; educating our group of naive beer drinkers. He also brought over a burger that was excellently krafted.

The industrial interior and low­lighting made for a cool setting, and communal­ish seating encouraged inter­party mingling. It really felt like a hangout for the people of Fishtown/NoLibs. I know I would be a frequent flyer if I lived in that area; the establishment fits its neighborhood perfectly.
Okay, so I accidentally had a magical evening here again. It wasn't my fault, I really didn't intend to waste any time here after the most recent icky experiences.

But then, my friends, when picking a place to meet up in Fishtown, said "Hey, I'm working a little late, but let's get a drink after. See you at KW at 7." I hesitated, shrugged, and acquiesced. I figured, hey, it must still be the neighborhood standby, for lack of anything else. And that night it was fine. We sat outside, it was like old times, and caught up. I got the pretzels, just because. They were as good as they used to be, no heavy gnawing required. The grudge started to ease.

And then the next night, with more friends, hungry and looking for some dinner before the drive out to Kennett Square, I found myself dragged back, yet again, to Kraftwork.

And this is what I had missed: tons of friends and delicious food and great beers (it scares me that I recognize fewer and fewer on the list, however). Awesome servers hanging out with my friends who clearly know them well. Warm and cozy and happy, like 2012 had never even ended. We had a second round. I wasn't expecting us to actually make it to our next destination. 

Whether my previous 4-5 depressing visits in a row were lull of awesomeness or my own bad luck to come in on intermittent crappy days, I don't know. But I figured I should update this review to be a fair and ethical yelper.
This end of Girard is a real f##king schlep for me, but after last night's dinner I may have to come up with more excuses to head out here.

Great beer menu, in terms of breadth, quality and price, as every single other reviewer here has surely noted. And I was expecting that when I showed up. But the food? That was a nice surprise. And very generous portions... especially if you order based on typical 'gastropub' serving sizes, and especially if you were fool enough to go there for dinner after a relatively late lunch.

I got the Korean BBQ tacos, expecting a trio of tiny tortillas lightly sprinkled with meat and veggies. Instead, I got two hu-normous bundles overflowing with spicy-sweet porky deliciousness. Mmm. That, plus the mound of pretzel bites (surprisingly addictive), left little room for the Mediterranean platter my gf and I planned to share as the 'main event'. That's ok, because it packed up well and was the least interesting part of the overall meal - still tasty, but not as good as the other courses, which literally overrode the fullness commands being frantically issued by the primitive reptile segment of my brain and compelled me to keep cramming food in my gullet well after my appetite had been pacified.

Guess I can expect to be taking quite a few more long, icy walks before winter is through...
Great little neighborhood spot!

  20-30 craft beers on tap that are constantly rotating.  I love how the beer menu has what's on deck once that keg kicks.  You always know well in advance what craft beer is next in line.
  The employees here have always been super friendly.  They'll let you sample drinks, and if you're unsure what your in the mood for they'll take time to talk you through it.  Rebecca (dreads) is supa supa friendly, and knowledgeable.  
  When it comes to the food, I find myself creating the "heart attack" burger fairly regularly, that is assuming I am not there for brunch, which is also always superb.  They give you the option to build your own burger as you see fit, I tend to go with, bacon, carmelized onions, aged cheddar, lettuce, tomato, and aioli....soooooo bad for you but soooooo good!
  I am yet to be disappointed with this place!
If Local 44 and Standard Tap had a one night stand, Kraftwork would be the resultant illegimate offspring. It has the look of a cool gastropub with kitschy decorations in the bathroom and outside. 

I ordered the pretzel bites as an appetizer and the short rib sandwich, since it sounded good. The pretzel bite resembled baked bread bites, not pretzels. The dipping sauce was nice though. The short rib sandwich was actually the first I'd ever had. There wasn't a lot of flavor to the meat and the meat was kind of mushy. Since this visit, I've had two great tasting sandwiches, so I can honestly say this was the worst I've had so far. 

The beer selection was good, and varied.  The beer prices were a little high, given that Krafwork is in Fishtown, not Rittenhouse Square or "NoLibs".

The service was somewhat lacking. I went on an early Sunday evening. There weren't that many people. And yet it took forever to get my beers and a refill of my water.  I also had to wait a long time just to get my check.  My server didn't offer any apologies and appeared to be disinterested(like the Standard Tap servers).

The seating was the other weird thing about this place. There were two tables open, one that could seat 6 people, and one that could seat 4 people. I went to the 4 person table, but was told that I should sit at the 6 people table. I then proceeded to see a group of 2 and a group of 3 shooed away from this same table and directed elsewhere. If they wanted to reserve the table, they should have put a sign. I also ended up having a family sit at the same table as myself towards the end, which made for a somewhat uncomfortable situation. 

Maybe I went on an off night. But I"m not real motivated to trek out here again.
I have been to this place twice for brunch and twice for dinner/drinks, and loved it every time. At brunch it's chill, never too crowded, with awesome food and substantial but not overwhelming portions. A thousand times better than many of the other (more popular) breakfast places I've been in Fishtown and NoLibs, and their biscuits could take on the dry, brick-like ones served at Honey's any day of the week. In fact, the biscuits alone are reason to go. My friends also loved their breakfasts (both sweet and savory offerings), and we tend to be picky foodie types.

It's a little more intense in the evening, because the tables (admittedly kind of uncomfortable) fill up and there isn't a lot of room to maneuver if you just want to hang and drink. But I've also found their dinner fare to be yummy. The pretzel bites leave you wanting more and I flipped over the eggplant parm sandwich that I had. Beer selection is yummy if a little pricey for the neighborhood.

Overall, a place I'd like to get to more often and worth the trip. I don't often write reviews but I like this place enough that I thought it was worth the praise. Go!
I come here too much...Kraftwork is one of those places in the hood that I just can't escape. The food is good and the draft list is always interesting, but I always feel like my fiance is dragging me here. I'm not complaining...I love a good beer and a burger. The menu is simple, but I do encourage exploring the specials. I assume there is a budding chef hiding somewhere in that kitchen. The reverse happy hour is also a really good deal. One complaint though...the music (especially when the girls are working) can get downright wretched at times.
Ohhhh yeah.  Adam Ritter has brought the same friendly service, awesome beer, and amazing food to Fishtown.

That space is goddamn beautiful - the exposed brick, the awesome metal work.  Service was on point and the beer selection that night was a solid line-up of Founders drafts for Beer Week - including the elusive Kentucky Breakfast Stout and Devil Dancer.

I had to go for the lauded beer can chicken sandwich, and it did NOT disappoint.  The chicken was so juicy that it tasted more like pork, and the sharp provolone and long hots certainly would have made this sandwich a home in South Philly.  The side of cabbage and apple slaw was delicious, but I can't lie, a small side of fries would have put it on the top.  

While Kraftwork may not have that same cozy neighborhood corner bar feel like Sidecar, I'm glad they've accomplished something completely different - and just as amazing.
I didn't have high expectations because I didn't really have any at all. My husband and I were going back and fourth on where to go in Fishtown today for brunch and we decided here on a complete whim. When we first walked into Kraftwork we both started laughing because it smelled exactly like a Chipotle. Weird. We opted to sit outside because it was so nice. We were told to sit anywhere close to the building. The tables were nice and spacious.

The menu was decently big. I really wanted a salad, but both options they had didn't stand out to me. We ordered a round of bloody Mary's for starters and I had about four sips of mine and stopped drinking it. It was pretty bad. Very thick and overly spicy. My husband couldn't finish his either. For my meal I ended up choosing the veggie omelette. The spinach inside was very good but that was really it. The tomatoes were definitely not fresh and the fried hash was veryyyyy greasy. Also they brought out the wrong food to us and then had us wait a while before they brought anything else out to us.

A plus is that they have a good amount of vegetarian options!
This place has really declined over the years. The service is always good, but I feel that the place is not run well. On my most recent visit, during brunch, they were apparently sold out of three of the six items on the brunch menu.  There were no vegan items on the brunch menu, and the two vegetarian options weren't available. My boyfriend tried to order the breakfast burrito, which they were also out of.  What part did they run out of? Tortillas? It boggles my mind that an established gastropub can run out of 50% of their available options during a busy brunch. We went there around noon, so it's not like we arrived at the end of the service. I tried to order the tofu bahn mi  from the regular menu that was given to me, but unfortunately they were only serving items from the brunch menu. Odd, since a couple of people at the table next to me ordered burgers that I'm not sure were not on the brunch menu.  I ended up just drinking a bloody mary, which was a bit watered down and did not come with olives- only thinly sliced carrots and pickles. WTF, never did I need those olives more.  Anyway, that is likely the last time I'll go to Kraftwork since every visit seems to disappoint a little more than the last.
