Let me Philly up some of this review with a rap.

I don't like beans in my drinks, not even MUNG FU
If you brought the tea, it's already been BRUNG FU
If you're seventeen, sorry bae, but you're too YOUNG FU
But if you want Lemon Black Tea, you come to KUNG FU!

It makes some of the rivals taste like eating cow DUNG FU
It's at the top of the ladder, while you're on the lowest RUNG FU
You'll love if you're easy going, even highly STRUNG FU
So if you want a Lemon Black Tea, you come to KUNG FU

I tasted it and screamed so loud that I collapsed a LUNG FU
I carried on screaming and sounded like Angus YOUNG FU
They played Sting on the radio, but I'm already STUNG FU
By the wondrous Lemon Black Tea they serve at KUNG FU

I went to the toilet, opened Snapchat, then I SUNG FU
Came back, took my pants off, and the girls yelled "HUNG FU!"
In walked Barbie and immediately I'm SPRUNG FU
And you should come and get a Lemon Black Tea from KUNG FU!

WHAT

My notes said - girl was super super friendly. not sure if they loved or hated me. had a crush. wonderful product

What to get: Lemon Black Tea With Tapioca!
Or: All the fruit teas are pretty good, especially if you go off menu and get black tea!
Or: Go crazy and order your fruit teas with the very strong Oolong!
Or in winter: Any of the hot milk teas!
Which milk teas are best: Honey Oolong! Oolong! Maybe Taro or Almond! I also love the regular milk tea with Oreo!

I had a crush on one of the girls working here who is really incredible, and makes perfect boba too. I'm not sure if some of the employees here loved or hated me, I couldn't tell, but I think it was one or the other.

They made me a really great lemon black tea which is really saying something because the vast majority of KFT stores in the Philly area are lacking something, and the drinks don't quite come out as well as I expect based on standards at other KFT regions.

But none of those problems occurred here. Here, the tapioca was perfect, the drink was deliciousness, so whereas a lot of chains around here get three or four from me for not being up to standards, this one undeniably scores five.

Along with Tsaocaa and Tea Do, these are the go to bobas to get in Chinatown Philly. Mr Wish can be great, but the Chinatown location is hit or miss. But this KFT has been a hit each time I've been here, so far. Good luck finding parking though. You'll need it.

So if you have nothing to do
And your partner won't give you a screw
I know something better
And very much wetter
Get Lemon Black Tea from Kung Fu!
Kung Fu Tea is taking over the US with their awesome teas.

And thank goodness there's one in Philly now! When I found out KFT opened one in Chinatown today, I was beyond excited. This KFT, unlike most of the others, offer plenty of seatings as it's spacious and will definitely accommodate the expected countless patrons. 

The drinks are priced similarly as the other locations. Roughly $4. Take credit cards. Keep your ticket, trade for your bubble tea at counter when its ready.  Though they don't seem to be very organized or prepared for opening weekend, as showed in their friendly but slow service. I did wait half a hour for my drinks but every sip was worth every minute. And I'm confident that once they get things going service will be as good as their other chains.

My favorites and recommendations are the delicious taro milk bubble tea (tapioca is perfectly soft, chewy, and sweet) and grapefruit green tea (refreshing with yummy floating pulp). Lactose-intolerant? KFT uses lactaid milk. On a healthy diet? You can adjust amount of sugar in your drinks! 

Absolutely give KFT a try! It's a very good and popular bubble tea franchise for the various reasons I listed. But If anything, it's not another bubble tea place in Philly that starts with Tea.....
Top reasons to come here over other bubble tea places in Chinatown -
1. HONEY BOBA
2. Lactaid milk
3. Greater REAL tea variety

Number one - honey boba. Nuff said. If you don't know what it is, you're missing out on life. Lactaid milk for all the unhappy tummies after a much needed milk tea pick-me-up. Unhappy tummy no more, go and enjoy your bubble teas guilt free! Lastly, KFT has, by far, the widest tea selection. My personal favorite being the oolong (great hot or cold depending on your cravings). 

Top choices -
Oolong tea w/ bubbles, milk green tea (made with Jasmine, not matcha)

They also have the obligatory jenga set-up, along with every other bubble tea place in the city. Make your mark on the already worn-in pieces!
I'm a frequent patron of the Kung Fu Tea in Virginia. Got the ordering down like a pro, and I know exactly what most of the drinks taste like and which ones I prefer. I usually order KF milk green tea, passion fruit green tea, passion fruit slush, matcha red bean slush, yogurt grapefruit, yogurt green tea, winter melon milk green tea, Oreo milk tea, taro slush, or matcha milk strike. If I can, I'll adjust sweetness levels to at least 50% and lower. 

On a road trip up to New York, we stopped in Philly for lunch and afterwards decided to grab some Kung Fu Tea for the road. I ordered my usual matcha milk strike without anything else and didn't make any adjustments. Unfortunately, the matcha milk strike was not as good as the one I had in Virginia. They put too much powder and it was extremely bitter, even after I mixed and mixed. I could barely drink it. In the end, I had to dump most of it away.

My experience at Tea Do last time I was in Philly was much better. I still remain loyal to the Kung Fu Tea name, but I would be cautious with my drinks at this location.
my go to bubble tea place.

im a fan of their bubbles and how they're chewy. my go to is the milk tea with semi sweet, and they don't fail to make it poorly.
The KFT in Chinatown is my favorite KFT. This
one time when I ordered a bubble tea from their app and they didn't have it, they actually called me and asked if I wanted something else. This KFT gets an A+ in my book for this reason. 

There have been two occasions at two other KFT locations when I've ordered something that they didn't have, and they just made me whatever they wanted. 

KFT is usually pretty consistent everywhere. Their teas are super fragrant and they make the best bubbles hands down. Sweet and chewy, but not too sweet. Their app is very easy to use. You can order drinks in advance so you never have to wait in line, and earn points towards bubble tea at the same time.
We loved their Boba tea flavors! Many varieties and options. The boba itself was soft and not chewy. The Milk tea was awesome and not overly sweet. Weekends are extremely busy at night, be prepared for a line out the door!
My boyfriend and I stopped in here on our stroll through Chinatown. He's a milk tea fanatic! It's located pretty close to the train station, which is convenient. 

As for the overall experience, I was not impressed. Two customers who spoke Chinese very obviously butted in front of us in line. The girl at the counter looked at us blankly and did nothing about it. 

The service was also slow. Even though there were only a few people ahead of us, it took around 15 minutes to receive our drinks. I ordered the Passion Fruit Slush, he ordered the Milk Tea--pretty standard items.

I'm bumping up to three stars because the atmosphere here is actually really cool. The lighting almost makes it feel like a nightclub, and there is lots of indoor seating.

Still, even though the drinks were good, I will probably not return. I want to take my business somewhere a little more courteous.
Love this tea place! First had them in NYC and now they're expanding! Their boba is honey-like flavorful and perfectly chewy while their teas are just refreshing. You can order the amount of sweetness (I normally get 30%) and also the amount of ice (I like mine just regular).

Please come to Baltimore!
I order take out earlier, when I got home I found a hair in my drink! seriously?! That really make me feel disgusting! I'll never go to that store again!
Went here with a couple friends because we had a hankering for something sweet after eating at a restaurant in Chinatown. Boba tea just felt right to us, even though it was a chilly day. I personally wanted to come here to try the macarons because I had my heart set on those yummy pastries for dessert. 

Atmosphere:
One of the more spacious boba tea shops in Chinatown. When I first walked in, it looked like it would be a trendy bar in the city except that they sell boba tea and bakery goods. The place was clean and also relatively empty because it was midday. The lighting is different in different areas of the shop. There are black lights in some areas while other areas have dim lighting for playing games like Jenga or Uno. Overall, the place is dimly lit for a boba tea shop, but I am pretty sure it was their intention to create this certain ambiance. 

Food/Drinks:
My friends ordered coconut milk tea and KF oolong tea while I ordered the pumpkin oolong milk tea. I like boba tea shops that allow customers to customize the sweetness levels of the drinks. We all ordered the drinks with full sugar and it wasn't over sweet. My first friend ordered her drink and a tiramisu to go. Like me, my second friend wanted macarons too so she ordered 6 macarons: rose, matcha, vanilla, hazelnut, chocolate, and raspberry. I only got 2 macarons (pistachio and crème brûlée) because they were $2.50 each. They were a bit sweet for my liking but I still ate them both. Also, I am confused as to why the macarons aren't advertised well. The price of the macarons are clearly posted on a make shift sign in big font. Yet, the flavors of the macarons are posted in small font on the side of the metal bar frame on an even smaller make shift sign. Wouldn't it make sense to print a big make shift sign of the available flavors and it posted right next to the make shift sign with the price?? And also possibly label each flavor on the shelves where people can clearly read them accordingly?

Price: 
As I mentioned before, the macarons were $2.50 each. The price of boba tea here is typical of boba tea shops (between $2.50-$4 for medium size) so it's relatively in expensive. However, they do charge 50 cents extra for boba, which I personally do not like. I have been to many successful boba tea shops that do not have to charge extra for boba and they are the places I always go back to. I can understand charging extra for extra toppings, but bobas should be universally served at no charge. It seems to be the trend for getting boba tea shops in Chinatown Philly. I also found it odd that the cashier put the macarons in a cup. Anyway, that's my two cents on the matter. 

Service:
The staff seems friendly but a bit offstandish. I understand it was the middle of the day, but the cashier who was taking orders didn't seem to care about servicing customers in a timely order. When my friend was ordering her macarons, the cashier rudely cut her off mid sentence and asked how many she was getting. After she took her drink order and order for macarons, she put the macarons in a boba tea cup and walked away to seal the cup. When she came back, she was just standing there purposely not taking my order even though I was clearly ready to order. i just stood there and stared at her for 30 seconds until she looked up from doing nothing but ignoring me. she then replied "next" as if I weren't standing there the whole time waiting to order.  No greeting at all preceding her "what are you getting" comment. So, I told her "Can I get a  medium pumpkin oolong milk tea with full sug...." when she rudely cut me off and told me my total. So, I promptly tell her "I'm not done yet. I also want 2 macarons - 1 pistachio and 1 creme brûlée." She tells me my new total and walks away with my cup of macarons to seal it while another lady who was standing near by tenders my cash. 

It's a good thing i know how to make my own boba tea at home. I'll just make homemade pumpkin oolong BOBA tea the next time I crave it. i don't think I will be coming back here.
I looked up a whole bunch of boba places in  the downtown area where I'm staying; I tried Tea Do and bookmarked a few others. However, after having average boba at Tea Do earlier today, I decided to go to KFT because it's a chain and I knew what to expect (and I've almost always had a great experience and yummy boba there). They didn't disappoint this time, either! 

I got a medium honey oolong milk tea with boba, full sugar (duh!!), and less ice. I like that you can specify sugar and ice levels, just like in Taiwan. The tea was so tasty! It might be too sweet for some people, but for me, it was perfect and the oolong flavor was delicious. The boba were the right texture; I could tell they hadn't been sitting there for too long getting hard and icky. 

One thing I thought was interesting was that it looked like a club when I walked in. The lights were really dim except for all these black / blue lights. But oh well, the boba was really good and that's all I care about! 

Also, make sure you have cash or order a large drink because they do have a $5 credit card minimum.
Prettyyy delicious! Kung Fu Tea lives up to the hype it gets. The boba is a good, chewy consistency, and I love that you can taste a bit of sweetness in the boba! Most other places I've tried, the boba tastes like nothing.

The space was nice and clean, and relatively spacious. They've got seating areas for bigger groups as well.

I got the Kung Fu Bubble Milk Tea at the standard sweetness, and I thought it was perfect! I've also got a bit of a sweet tooth, but they've got different percentile levels of sweetness (0, 25, 50, 75) for people who might prefer less sweet.

Definitely one of the better places to get tea and boba in Philly!
Sometimes when an establishment is here for a while they get lazy on their service. Kung fu is one of my favorite bubble teas but today's experience has left a sour note for me.
I ordered a taro green milk tea, paid & got my receipt. When my number got called into received a regular green milk tea. When I addressed this with the cashier she looked puzzled so she asked the other girl who rang me up. The original girl mumbled something to the current cashier (mind you I understand Chinese fluently) looked confused too and told me that if I wanted the taro one then I need to give a quarter for the difference. A quarter difference is not the problem here but it was her "I don't have time for you" attitude and no ownership of responsibility for her mistake. There was no sorry but a "you have to pay a quarter and you can keep your drink" & a wave in my face. I still enjoyed my taro milk green tea and I got to keep the original milk tea to share with my friends...but I think attitude is everything when it comes to business so I hope that whenever I order something I get exactly what I paid for.
I've always ordered their fruity tea drinks every time I go to Chinatown. But recently one of their employee have recommended the Oolong Milk Tea, and it was the BOMB. It is now my favorite Milk Tea!
"THE CREDIT CARD BATCH IS FULL" read a sign on the register. 

I know,I don't know what this means either. I literally got 
them to admit that they were lying about this nobody even knows what that means. I love cash too but I'm not going to blatantly lie to customers to get paid in it. 

They wouldn't let me get my tea because the girl "didn't want to get fired" for breaking the "cash only on Saturday nights rule". Again she literally admitted that they were lying, and the machine worked fine. 

If the credit card company charges too much for their liking they can:
1.  Raise the prices slightly
2.  Cut costs elsewhere, perhaps cheaper ingredients or less branding on the cups etc.
3. Don't accept  credit cards

I'm not saying these are ideal but at least they're not lies and they are options that a business can balance out. I say they just take the credit cards, I'm sure they're already making an excellent profit $4.00-$6.00 a cup of tea and tapioca pearls.

They may think they save a bit by making a "credit card minimum of $5.00" or a ridiculous "...batch is full" sign on the register but they still wind up losing. With regards to this policy, they absolutely have to take any credit card that they have an account with for any dollar amount. I too am a merchant, I know for a fact that if they advertise that they take credit cards they can't pick and choose the amount, this is a fact. They can lose their right (privilege) to take credit cards for sure if people complain to the credit card company, because of the insulting sign I think I will do just that.

I will no longer be going there at least for a while as well as my wife until they wise up. We go all the time that's a loss of $200+ a year by far for just myself and her it's a shame, they do indeed have a good product. People aren't stupid and they know there are other options, lot's of them. 

This is exactly the kind of crap Yelp was made for alas they won't listen they're way too arrogant.
Bubble tea is good! But it's tough to find parking nearby, they don't accept payment from the app, and cash only. I had to go back to my car to count change since I never carry cash! Tasty, but inconvenient!!
Anytime I come to Chinatown (which is often!), I also stop by Kung Fu Tea for a very specific order. I always get the low sugar matcha red bean slush (basically a matcha slushie with a ton of red beans at the bottom that you eat through the straw). I personally love the red beans at the bottom over tapioca bubbles because it feels healthier. I've also tried their mango smoothie, which I think is overly sweet. Definitely cut down on the sugar when you order here if you don't like things toooo sweet! But overall, I love getting my matcha red bean fix here.
Kung Fu Tea is my FAVORITE boba place in Philly. Don't be put off by the fact that it's a chain - their bubble tea is still amazing (and the usual crowd inside the place demonstrates how popular it is)! 

They use brown sugar to make their boba, which gives it a slightly different flavor from the other nearby spots, but works really well. It's the perfect amount of sweet and chewy, and the serving is generous (though, because I love it so much, I always get a double serving of boba). Because the boba is pretty sweet, I never get more than half sugar in my tea to balance it out.

My favorite tea flavor is the winter melon green tea with half sugar, no ice. I've also recently become addicted to the caramel macchiato flavor with half sugar.
What?? This place charges extra for boba?! What?! Never seen that. I'll definitely be sticking to my usual bubble tea place after this experience. The place itself is bigger than some spots in the area so I guess that's a plus if you want to catch up with friends. I came for the anniversary free bubble tea but was sorely disappointed to see an extra charge for bubbles and a credit card min higher than the cost of most individual drinks. Don't think I'll be back here.
They always rush you when you order then they don't do it right. They give you an attitude when they make mistake for rushing through when you order and don't listen carefully. I went there twice and both orders weren't right. The drinks are good but the service is bad.
Ok this place is going downhill, both in taste and ethics. Mr wish definitely tops for milk tea now. But also, this place is trying to get triple extra profit now by closing their credit card machines early so they  a) don't have to pay transaction fees b) get the ATM fee profit c) can lie on their taxes! Such a cheap and sleazy way to make some extra money. Uh, we're already paying $5 for something that costs 50 cents to make. Stop being so shady and cheap. If you want to be a cash only joint then don't trick people into coming by saying accepting credit cards. Will never be returning to this dump.
I was very excited when Kung Fu Tea opened up since I was a huge fan of this bubble tea place in New York's Chinatown.

At my first visit, I ordered the regular Black Milk tea and Taro one. I'm not a huge fan of their bubble teas or their prices. The drinks were extremely expensive as my total came up to be almost $14 for those two drinks. Their sweets such as cake and macaroons ended up being pretty pricey, too, which is why I decided not to order them. The teas tasted okay, but were overly sweet without my personal input to the workers making it. 

However, the atmosphere was very nice. This place is super spacious with huge booths in the back for large groups and has longer tables to seat many as well. With dim lighting and Jenga to keep guests busy, it's a fun place to hang out with friends! 

I won't be back specifically for the drinks, but I will return if my friends and I ever decide to cool down and enjoy a drink someplace spacey like Kung Fu Tea.

If you're looking for quality bubble tea, Tea Do and K.C Bakery's would definitely be a better choice. As for sweets, a newly opened place called Audobon is available with better priced macaroons and macaroon ice creams! Hope this helps.
First time at this location. Luckily, I found parking in the front! #winning. Quick and easy service.

Dropped in and grabbed my favorite Thai milk bubble tea. Consistently good at any of their locations I've been to. This time I switched it up and tried one of their appetizers which was the shrimp tempura rice ball. The rice ball was good and reminded me of a bigger version of a shrimp tempura sushi roll.

I always use the Kung Fu Tea app to purchase my bubble teas. Vent coming up: What's crazy to me is that -- you have to purchase 168 bubble teas to get 1 free drink. That's wild! I believe I have 118 more bubbles to go...LAUGH OUT LOUD! Not sure how it's calculated but it seems like it will take FOREVER! Vent over.

Kung Fu Tea is my go-to place to get delicious bubble teas!
Compared to the Cherry Hill Kung Fu Tea, this one is slightly lacking.  (That being said, I still go occasionally for things like oreo topping or their honey oolong...unbeatable)

 I've had a couple inconsistent drinks (iex: ordered a drink with boba + pudding..missing pudding, watery tea, wrong sweetness, etc.), which sort of beats the advantage of going to a usually-consistent chain such as Kung Fu.  The workers also aren't the most friendly compared to other spots in Chinatown.  And given the $5 credit minimum (a medium with boba will get you just below $5), I can't justify coming here when Tea-Do, Miucha, Mr. Wish, and a Cup of Tea are all around the corner [and without card mins].

Don't get me wrong--I'm not one to beat up a place for a couple mistakes or understandably tired workers.  But, it is Chinatown, and there's competition.
LOOOOVE THIS PLACE!

Visited Philly from Ca and decided to make this my go-to boba spot. My friends all gave me shiz for vising a place which I already have in Ca (we actually have like 3 here close to us LOL) but the boba here is so good, why would i want to go anywhere else!?!?  For drink recommendations, definitely try the WINTERMELON MILK TEA. If you're not fond of sweetness, definitely order it at 70% sugar level, especially if you also get boba because the boba is already a bit sweetened. Their kung fu milk tea is also good if you want to play it safe!
Kung Fu Tea is actually my favorite place to get bubble tea in Philadelphia!

I've been here a countless number of times, and I've always gotten consistently good bubble tea. I'm not super adventurous when it comes to boba, so I only remember trying the black/normal milk tea, the oreo milk tea (I know, I know, it sounds weird), and my personal favorite, the golden oolong milk tea. My favorite thing about Kung Fu is the boba, which is really sweet and has the perfect chewy texture. I have a crazy sweet tooth, though, so it might be sweeter than some people prefer. Don't worry though, you can adjust how sweet you want your tea!

A couple of random things: $5 minimum for credit cards and they have a ton of other flavors/add-ins, as well as sweets like macarons available.

I've been to other Kung Fu Teas in areas like Boston before and experience similar quality boba. While you might not be getting the best boba in the world here, KFT is definitely a great addition to Philadelphia's Chinatown!
Kung Fu Tea is the best bubble tea place in town. I go to school around there and it's my go-to everytime. A lot of flavor choices but the most important thing is that their tapioca is sweet and chewy! The tapioca from other bubble tea places tends to be too soft and tasteless. Kung Fu Tea is the best I've found so far, even compared to places in Hong Kong. I usually go for 50% sugar with less ice (less ice means more tea!). I really like the oreo bubble tea, give it a try if you have a chance!
I've had Kung Fu Tea in NYC's Chinatown and it has always been my favorite tea spot. When I saw the coming soon sign I was completely elated. As expected the tea was on point. I had the grapefruit green tea, something I only get at Kung Fu because I've seen them juice real grapefruits. You can taste the difference, pulp and all, unlike some of the other places in Philly's Chinatown who use syrup. 

The service is great because they will get your order right, there are some other good tea stores around Chinatown but they always seem to get my order wrong. The server today spoke perfect english, understood, and executed my order perfectly (this should be standard, but in Philly's chinatown its a mixed bag of results). The actually store was clean with a lot of seating. 

I expect this place to be booming in the near future, simply because it offers a superior product with far better service than anywhere else in the area.
What can you do when the Septa is delayed all the time!? You run across the street to get a bubble tea, A kung fu bubble tea!! 

Before I get to the actual tea, I have to say that the girl working there is extremely rude. No smiles, no eye contact. And not listening to my orders correctly. If you are a cashier and you can't provide customer service and take order, then what do you do?! I can't even say you were just standing there to look pretty 

Moving on to the tea, it does have a sweet hint of flavor. The tea taste is too subtle for me. Perhaps it got over powered by the creamy milk they use. 

I give it 3 stars because it hit the spot for my bubble tea cravings. But I have had much better bubble tea elsewhere.
As a note: never get full sugar or full ice. I usually go with 0 or 30%. And always less ice. Otherwise it's too sweet. 
The tea choices are awesome and the bubbles are always the right texture. The app does give some good deals.
But.... how is there always a line?!
FYI: Their drinks are totally customizable. Feel free to change the sugar level, ice level, and even the type of bubbles in your drink.

KUNG FU IS MY BAE. From the very first time I had it, I was hooked. Completely sold my soul to it. This place is my one and only go to for my milky bubble teas.

WHAT I GET: Milk green tea with bubbles (some times egg pudding) and regular sugar

PROS: Like I said before, the drinks are customizable with a lot of options. Their menu is pretty extensive, with lots of drink choices cold or hot. Though be warned, with hot choices, the only size option is a large. Kung Fu also sells appetizer foods like takoyaki and different flavored rice balls. They're pretty standard, nothing super special. Obviously the thing to get is their milk teas, which are AMAZING. They've perfected the balance of tea to milk ratio where the tea flavor stands out and isn't totally swallowed up by the milk. 

CONS: I'm not sure if quality depends on the location but for some reason, the one is Philly isn't quite as good as the one I had in NYC's Chinatown. The tea flavor isn't quite as strong and it tastes a bit watered down, but still pretty okay.
Located right across Mongolian Sheep Hot Pot and in Philadelphia's buzzing Chinatown, this Kung Fu Tea is absolutely amazing. I go here every week if not every other day, and it's consistently great. It's a popular spot to socialize or just to grab a refreshing drink! Like most tea places, they allow you to customize sugar and ice levels, making sure that your drink is what you want. Just be warned, they sometimes don't take credit due to some cap. 

Having been here so many times, I've tried many of their options. The staple drink I get is the Yogurt Lemonade, a lighter supplement to milk tea. It's a blend of lemonade with an asian yogurt drink, definitely worth trying. An even healthier alternative would be the Yogurt Orange; however, they run out of those a lot. 

With milk tea's, I usually opt for the Kung Fu Milk Tea. It's definitely their classic drink, and it never seems to disappoint. I even get two sometimes a night, but I would recommend one as it feels a bit heavy after finishing a large. I've also tried their almond milk tea, which is a bit on the sweeter side. These drinks are definitely great, and they're consistently made well every time. If you plan on saving your drink for later, be sure to get no ice and no boba. I tend to get no ice either way as it leaves more space for the actual drink!

Service here is great. They only not operate the store efficiently, but they take good care of the place too. There have been many times I've seen customers leave cups behind, but the workers do a diligent job cleaning up after. I've even witnessed an employee shoveling snow and ice from the front to ensure no one gets injured. Definitely a great place to get tea if not the best place in the area!
bubble tea is consistent good. I always get the oolong milk tea and it's on point. also there yogurt drinks are good too. problem is that they aren't accommodating to changes like if u wanted to adjust ur order in a minor way they make it difficult, so u can say not really customer oriented. And staff here looks like their just looking for the money and if u take a second too long to order or hesitate in any way, they'll give u attitude along with death stares to rush u. i don't like to feel rushed and then regret what I ordered.
Came during "Best Friends Weekend" where you got your drink upgraded to the next size up for free if you were with your BFF. 

I had the original bubble tea with half sugar and really enjoyed it. Not overly sweet with soft and chewy boba. My BFF some honey jelly tea and it was delicious! I immediately regretted not being more adventurous. 

Great fruity options and you can choose your own sweetness level. They also sell a small range of pastries and macarons.
They are scamming people on the price. It should be included in drink price. You can't charge tax twice. In all the other kung fu tea locations they don't do this scam. It's like going to Starbucks in one location of the city and pay more for the drink only cuz you are on a different street. Not coming back to location (China town). Service sucks, stuff is rude and they scam you on the price as well. If it's a franchise then prices should be exact in every part of the city.
Kung Fu Tea is usually really good but this place is slightly different. They have MACAROONS! Their macaroons are really AMAZING! Kind of pricey but definitely worth it. My friend said that he never tried macaroons before so I thought to just buy it here, although it is a bubble tea spot, and I don't regret it at all! 

Definitely ask them to make the bubble tea with less sugar because it is slightly more sugary than other Kung Fu tea places. My favorite is the green milk tea. Delish! 

Environment is comfortable with lot's of space. They also have jenga games so you can play with your friends. Neat place to just spend time and hang out. 

Service is really good too. The workers are so nice! Def a plus!
The staff was very nice and the orders came out fast. The drinks were great and fairly priced. The location is clean and well kept.
Finally... decent milk tea on the East Coast! Words can't describe how much I miss home, and I contemplate daily about moving back to California because of how much I miss home and... good milk tea/asian food!! So you can tell I mean business. 

I can actually taste the TEA for once! Tea Do (down the street) tastes like straight up sugar and jello .. Paris Baguette/Magic whatever/Tea talk all taste like powder milk water. I have tried everything on the menu at tea do and while the deco/crowd/fancy big menu is alluring.. it doesn't compare to GOOD milk tea.

Here, I recommend the oolong milk tea (less sweet for me please) or the white gourd green tea. The taro milk tea and herbal jelly (basically grass jelly) milk teas are my usual go to at milk tea places and it's decent here but still not as good as back home. "A little less sweet" was still a bit too sweet for me so I may go even less in sweetness % next time.

I don't get boba or as you east coasters call it "bubbles" :) so I can't vouch for it. The workers are very pleasant and efficiently make my drinks without any long waits.

I think I might be able to survive in Philly after all.. thank you Kung Fu Tea!
I really liked how this place was relaxing with the dim lighting and nice soft music. There was a lot of seating where people could have privacy to play games, work on work, or just chat. 
There were a lot of options that you could get here! There were a lot of fillings you could add to your tea. I got the cookies and cream bubble tea. This was good. It had chunks of oreo cookies in the tea. It was kind of interesting. It tasted really good, but the texture was kind of hard to take in.
I would want to go back and try other flavors. Can someone recommend their favorite bubble tea here? Thank you:)
saw the big grand opening sign, decided to go in. 
we ordered a large milk tea to share. the seating is comfort and ambiance is nice. the milk tea was on the "eh" side. definitely tasted the creamer flavor and the tea brew was not strong so didn't taste any of it. 

only redeeming items were their pearl/bubbles which were nice and chewy. we actually started making bubble tea at home and know bubbles are a bit hit or miss so having really consistent texture to the bubbles was a big plus!
This is not your regular Kung Fu Tea.  I definitely don't feel like it's up to snuff compared to the other Kung Fu Tea branches I have tried. But it's definitely still better than other places in the chinatown area.  

The only major issue I have with this branch is that all their tea drinks taste relatively the same and it's hard to distinguish one drink from the other.  As in the green milk, tea and the chai and the regular milk tea all taste the same.

Other than that there is definitely a younger crowd vibe and the facilities are usually clean and service is timely.  

If you're looking for drinks that taste consistently the same. THIS is definitely the place for you.
Hey!  Philly has a real Chinatown!

Unfortunately, Kung Fu Tea does not live up to the standards of milk tea in other Chinatowns.  

They did spend a lot of money on decor for this place.  There's a big TV and an overall hip feel.  They list the options such as sugar level, and have the machine that seals a custom plastic sheet on top of your drink.  However, like most Kung Fu movies, this place is more style than substance.  Yes, the pearls were good, which is important.  But the drinks themselves were not memorable.  There was little tea flavor in the drink, and plenty of non-dairy creamer.

Sorry Kung Fu Tea.  Your kung fu is no good here.
This is the only bubble tea shop I go to in Philly because they have an item called Red Bean Wow Milk - red mung beans with lactose-free whole milk. For those who have some lactose issue, requesting they use Lactaid milk for any of their milk tea items is a great plus on their part! Their Red Bean Wow Milk is the only item I order because all other milk teas from here and other shops are lacking in flavor and freshness that I grew accustomed to when I had lived in Taiwan. So unfortunately thanks to Taiwan, I now know what good quality tea is like...

Though this place has free wi-fi, I wouldn't recommend one to come to this place if they're looking to get work done since there's a lot of noise - jenga blocks falling, loud music, machinery working, and overall people trying to talk over all that background noise.
Eh, I have been giving bubble tea more chances. Maybe it is an acquired taste; after all, it did take me 16 years to like mushrooms.

I ordered my drink. They have a sign at this Kung Fu Tea that shows the lingo when ordering for less sugar. Less sugar means 70%, half sugar means 50%, little sugar means 30%, no sugar means 0%.

The first time I was here, I just got winter melon milk tea normal. I felt that it was too sugary with too much ice that blocked me from slurping all my tapioca balls. The next time I was here, I ordered the coconut milk tea with less sugar and less ice. Perfect, that drink was on point!

I can't wait to go to my local Kung Fu Tea. Thanks for the help fellow yelpers, I was able to discover the secret of appreciating bubble tea: less sugar, less ice.

Both times I walked out of here, bubble tea in hand, all these cute Asian girls darted their eyes at me. Score!
Stopped by Kung Fu Tea as a recommendation from friends that have been to one in New York. It's Grand Opening was about a week ago. The interior is very clean and spacious, has tables and booths and games for groups to play while they hang out. 

Kung Fu tea allows you to choose the level of sugar you want in your tea. Everyone in my group agreed that the normal level of sugar was too much and too sweet. Unless you like your boba really sweet I would recommend one or two levels of sugar lower .

I'm assuming since it was the grand opening about a week ago that it is still working out some kinks. Once we ordered our drinks we had to wait awhile for them to be prepared. 

The boba tea itself tasted good and boba was fresh. You have to self park in the Chinatown area to get to Kung Fu tea. The staff is friendly and would provide levels of sugar recommendation based on the tea you choose.
As always, doesn't fail !
I got my usual regular milk tea with little ice and no sugar and egg pudding. It was perfect since I'm trying to cut sugar (yikes weight gain) !
It was very empty tonight since the Popecalypse has come upon us...
Their drinks are overly sweet in general.  Sometimes 50% sugar is just right, sometimes it's still too sweet. It's not consistent every time I order or maybe it just depends on who makes it?? The tapioca bubbles have a nice texture and that's the only positive.  Keep in mind this place DOUBLE taxes you, both sugar tax and state tax. It might not be much, but it's still illegal!
This past Friday (Nov. 1) between 11 and 11:30 in the morning, I came in for bubble tea. Bubble tea was decent, as usual. But one of two male employees who were having a conversation as they were making drinks was dropping the F-bomb in every single sentence, loudly, not caring about customers. Even more shocked when he actually said the n-word a few times as well, as a fellow Asian. Please, either train that guy better so that he knows how to properly work in the service industry or just fire him, because that scene was as distasteful and ridiculous in a business I've ever seen
This place looks really cool inside and out. The service is nice too, the only drawback for me is that the Taro Boba Milk Tea that I ordered was unimpressive. The milk tea was powdery and I just ended up throwing away my drink. Disappointed. I very much prefer Tea Do.
Visiting Philly from Phoenix. Walked through China Town and stopped in for a drink. Quality boba shop! The Lychee Punch had fresh chunks of lychee.
Kung fu tea is slightly expensive and generally too milky for me.  That said, their new location has a great environment and their special 'oolong milk tea' is fantabulous!  I will try their other stuff and get back to it, but slowly since it's quite pricey and I do recall thinking the original milk tea in flushing was far too milky (judging by pics, it is still too milky.)
Can't go wrong with KFT! The space is large and there is plenty of seating both in front and in the back of the story.  I usually get some sort of milk tea with 30% sugar, otherwise it's way too sweet for me. Not a huge fan of tapioca so I often substitute with nata jelly, which tastes like jello with a harder consistency. They also sell smoothies, hot tea, and even macarons! A go-to spot after a yummy meal in Chinatown.
1. Silky sweetness
2. An environment that promotes bonding
3. Spacious

Kungfutea is another great addition to the bubble tea selections in chinatown. It truly satisfies anyone with a sweet tooth. It's soooooooo sweet- even the half sweet bubble tea was sweeter than my liking. I would say that it's also a slightly thicker consistency. The tapioca was great with the perfect softness and chewiness. 

There is a great space for hanging out. I really like the semicircle seating around the table. It's very conducive to conversations and fun games!
For Philly, this is the best bubble tea joint minus a few caveats so I would give this place 4 to 4.5 stars. I've tried all the other bubble tea places in Chinatown (Rising Tide, Tea Magic, Tea Do, Tea Talk, etc) and this place is the best! 


Pros:
--Extensive menu
--Genuine tea taste, all milk teas actually taste like the real tea + milk!
--Their drinks are not too sweet
--The bubbles in their bubble tea are the right size and the right chewiness
--All their milk teas (not just the wow milk) are lactose free! I'm lactose intolerant like a lot of people of Asian decent so I love that their milk teas tastes genuinely like milk yet won't make me miserable later. Other places have lactose free drinks, too, but I think they use cheap non-dairy substitute like coffee mate. 
--They seal their cups with plastic making them easy to transport.

Cons:
--The sugar level in their drinks are supposedly adjustable but every time I tell them "half-sugar", they either tell me they don't adjust the sugar level in their milk teas or they say "okay" and the drink ends up tasting like normal.
--$5 minimum for card is kinda inconvenient. This pretty much forces you to either get a large, buy for your friend, or go get cash from the shady ATM across the street.
--They run out of ingredients if you go after 7pm! Once they had no bubble left, another day no matcha left. Maybe it will get better once the hype dies down. They did just open and all the Asians are flocking to this place!

Items to avoid:
--Matcha red bean slush. It's too sweet, and I don't think sugar level is adjustable for that! 
-- Gourd tea. My friend ordered this and it tastes like that Yeo'n gourd drink from a can! This is not tea at all, more like gourd sugar water. 
--Wow milk. The classic or oolong milk tea is much better than the wow milk! The wow milk taste like milk tea with a caramel/brown sugar added. It's not tea, it's not coffee. My friend likes the wow milk but I didn't care for it. It's not the worst thing you can get though.
Three stars for some aspects. But overall 0 stars for the workers. This place is so convenient to grab a drink and maybe a rice ball or two. I have tried a few flavors here but none are great. I usually just stick to my tried and true: passion fruit slush, and their taro is good too.  But don't expect good customer service-- the girls here always seem to be having a bad day. No smiles, no how are you, or what can I get you. If you want service, I would go else where. They're pretty cheap on their boba... depends on who makes your drink is how much or how little you'll get. 

I come here because 1. They're open late in case I need a quick bite and 2. Because their pearls are my favorite and 3. They're nearby. 

*They raise their credit card minimum to $10 now, from $5... which is obnoxious. 99% of the time their machine won't scan their app... so your best bet is to have cash. *
My friend bought me some Kung Fu Tea, and I absolutely loved my drink! My go-to is the Oolong Milk Tea, which I usually get with 0% or 30% sweetness level because I can still taste the sweetness without all the added sugar. The best part about the bubble tea here is that the bobas are so chewy and taste so fresh! They probably have the freshest bobas out of all the bubble tea places that I've tried, and the boba quality really does make all the difference!
Got a taro milk tea with pearls and it was delicious! I think better than Vivi's in NYC actually... the pearls were just the right consistency/sweetness.  I asked for 70% sugar and I actually think that was too sweet so half might be the way to go.

Added bonus are the takoyaki snacks that they serve!  I got some to go and they came out piping hot, and although the presentation was a little lackluster the flavors were really good.
After this past summer, I guess you could say I've become a bit of a bubble tea connoisseur. Kung Fu Tea was one of the many places I travelled to in order to really familiarize myself with the Philly bubble tea game.

One of the first things I heard about Kung Fu Tea was that it has Oreo milk tea (!!!). Especially since Oreo isn't a common flavor for bubble tea's primary demographic, I was particularly curious to see what this particularly odd flavor had to offer me.

The atmosphere of KFT resmbles that of a lounge--with a Jenga game here, a dartboard there, free wifi, and a ton of seating areas in a dark but cozy environment, this cafe seems like it has seen its fair share of daytime and late-night customers. While the staff seems friendly, they also appear to be ready to respond to a rowdy customer at all times, maintaining a no-nonsense attitude that seems a bit inappropriate for a nice and sunny Saturday afternoon.

I got an Oreo bubble tea at 70% sugar and an almond bubble tea. They were unfortunately not able to reduce the sugar in the almond tea, as it actually included no additional sugar. While I was expecting something extremely sweet as a result, I ended uppleasantly surprised that my drink was the perfectly sweetened and the almond flavor came through perfectly. The Oreo drink had a strange texture to it since the bubbles and the bits of Oreo just didn't fit right together, but overall it was an interesting drink and a good way to attract more customers. The tapioca pearls were also perfectly chewy, which was a huge plus.

Overall, not bad! I'm looking forward to revisiting Kung Fu Tea to sample its snacks and other flavors. Just be sure to get at least two drinks if you're planning on using a card.
Buy one get one free bubble tea! Seems like a sweet deal but don't be fooled. My sisters and I came here to find out if it was worth all the hype. Long story short: it wasn't. 

The staff at Kung Fu Tea was curt and less-than-friendly, which is not my normal experience with bubble tea places. It was likely due to the volume but I would hope the staff could handle it since it seems like a popular place. Needless to say, I overestimated them. 

The cashier girl was terrible at explaining herself, leading to our purchase of 5 drinks for the price of three. Our original intention was to buy four for the price of two (even numbers are clearly the key here) but she charged us for 3 and "gave us the fifth free." That makes very little sense to me as the second and fourth should've been free and a third drink should never have been added to the tab in the first place. 

3 customers who paid after we did got their tea before we did and of the five drinks, two were made incorrectly. One had extra lychee jelly, when we specifically asked for just bubbles and one had no bubbles at all! A sixty percent success rate isn't very satisfying. 

I asked to speak to the manager but was denied. Of course, we left irritated. 

Would I recommend this place? Maybe, on a regular business day. Here's a tip though: take advantage of the various sugar options because the normal sugar level is dangerously sweet.
For a grand opening, I got my drink relatively quick. I ordered the Matcha Red Bean Slush but instead I got a Red Bean Slush. I told the counter girl and they quickly started to make me a new one. No hassle, no sense of "ugh, someone messed up and i got to fix it attitude" so I would like to give a thumbs up to their service. 

I'm taking off a star because I wasn't overly impressed with my drink. The matcha was great but they put a bit to much red bean and tapioca (which I also ordered) into the drink. The matcha flavor was sorta lost in the sweetness of the two.
Came here after dinner and waited 45 minutes to get one drink (a simple hot tea). The workers are very slow paced and take forever to make just one drink. My drink had been ready and sitting on the side for 10 minutes until I finally asked one of the workers if that was my drink, and it was; he never even called my name even though the drink was sitting right in front of him. And it was absolutely not worth the wait! The drink tasted like any other one from a boba/tea place and was far too sweet. Definitely not worth wasting your time on.
I have no idea where the name Kung Fu Tea came from, but regardless their bubble tea is great!  I didn't like them at first because of how sweet the drinks were, but then I realized you can adjust the level of sweetness (SWEET!!)!  

I love getting jasmine green tea (30% sugar and less ice) with herbal jelly (I'm not a huge fan of bubbles because well...grass jelly is better (don't judge)).  If you want some quality bubble tea in Chinatown then I'm sure you'll be directed here.  

The environment is pretty loud so it's not a great place to study, do work, or have deep talks with people, but it's good place for groups to come and just casually chill and hangout.
Price:
Reasonable compared to other bubble tea shops near philly Chinatown

Drinks:
If it's your first time, Kungfu milk tea with bubbles is a good start. I usually get half sugar because their regular milk tea is usually too sweet for my liking.
Their bubbles compared to their main competitor Teado is better in being smaller in size and less mushy compared to Teado's.
All in all, if you are looking for good TEA with your bubbles, Kungfu Tea has the upperhand, but if you are looking for a good smoothie of any kind, Teado wins by far.  Both places allow you to adjust sugar and ice level. Giving this place a 3 star because it just isn't as good as other Kung Fu Tea's that I have tried.  Overall, while Kung Fu Tea has slightly above average bubble tea, it doesn't compare to some other bubble tea shops I have tried on the west coast or overseas.  

Service:
Cashiers are slow in taking orders compared to Teado but they get the job done!
Their mango slush boba is overly sweet. For reference, it tastes signicantly sweeter than boba sweetness level of boba drinks in California boba shops (I.e Chai for Tea, Tapioca Express, Boba Guys). They can't adjust sweetness for slush drinks because they use syrup. The flavor tastes artificial. They don't allow exchanges, so if you don't prefer really sweet drinks, I'd recommend to try their drinks that allow for reduced sweetness. 

The boba itself has good texture but the boba balls are also very sweet. Wouldn't recommend.
My go to boba chain in NY. You can always expect sweet, chewy boba and drinks that are perfectly catered to your taste (adjustable level of sweetness, ice). Like the ones in NY, this has a $5 minimum for credit cards. One major difference is that this location serves food! Lots of snack choices to satisfy any level of hunger. This location is probably one of my favorite out of all the ones I've been to. They had games and lots of comfy booths for people to stay a while.

Free upgrade to large with check in!
YESSSSSSSSSSSSS!!! I don't have to travel all the way to NYC for Kung Fu Tea anymore!

What makes Kung Fu Tea different from the other bubble tea joints in Philly is that their bubbles actually have flavor and has just the right amount of chewiness. The normal drinks are a bit more sweet compared to the NYC chains, but you can choose how much sugar you want in your drink (I usually go for 30% little sugar). I also ask for less ice so I can get more tea in my cup :). 

I've tried the traditional black milk tea, passion fruit green tea, golden oolong tea, golden oolong milk tea, and yogurt green tea. The black milk tea is pretty good. The passion fruit green tea is a bit watered down. I prefer Tea Do's passion fruit green tea with lychee jelly. The golden oolong tea, with and without milk, is nothing special. Despite going to Kung Fu Tea about 20 times this year, I've only tried those 5 drinks. This is because... the yogurt green tea is SO FRICKIN GOOD. I have an insatiable craving for it ALL THE TIME. If you like yakult, you'll love this drink. I really want to try other drink flavors, but I can't give up the yogurt green tea. I might have to order 2 drinks from now on...

Update: Golden Oolong milk tea (hot) is GREAT too!!! My go to drink for the winter. The lychee punch (cold) is sweet, flavorful, and perfect for the summer :).

Also, I know the macarons look good in the fridge, but skip it. They are small, overpriced, too sweet, and the flavor is mediocre. Just stick with the drink and go else where for your macarons and desserts.
Hands down my favorite place to go for bubble tea in Chinatown.  I really wish they had a rewards program, I'd feel better about coming so often.

My favorites are the regular milk tea and honey green tea. I appreciate that you can adjust the sweetness level, etc. This blows all the old bubble tea places out of the water.
I am also super excited about their pudding option - I discovered egg pudding in bubble tea places in California this past spring. Once I heard kung-fu offered it, I felt less sad about leaving cali.
It's always crowded and noisy here, so don't expect to study here!
I'm a sucker for quality in bubble tea! Kung Fu tea has been good in Chinatown in terms of using real tea leaves, none of that artificial powder stuff or Lipton tea bags- blek!

My favorites are the classics; jasmine green tea, winter melon milk green tea and the matcha milk. I like adding new things to my drink than just bubbles, such egg pudding or grass jelly! But just go with what you think sounds good and have some fun experimenting new combinations! :) 

Make sure that you adjust the sweetness level before ordering though! (Otherwise it can result in being unbearably sweet) They have a sign right above the register that explains it but never be afraid to ask the cashier to decipher it for you :)
Typical Kung Fu chain. 

Pros: Clean, Good decorations, Music, Vibe. Can order bubble tea with: no sugar, 30% sugar, 50%, 75%.

Cons: Can get busy/tough to get a table to sit. Ordered Red bean instead of the bobba and about half of it got stuck at the bottom :( it was really good once you got some though.

Tip: Check in to get a free upgrade! (12/18/16)
I went to kung fu tea for the first time last night. I ordered the black milk tea with bubbles and little sugar. I'm now thoroughly a fan and addicted. I love the flavor and the sugar adjustments you can make. I now like this place more than teado.
I was going to get a massage but first went to try this new place. Super Busy with so many people , The music was urban and the atmosphere was exciting and youthful. I had a ginger milk tea hot and a mango slush. Both had  fresh ingredients and where refreshing.  Sat there for a good while to relax and enjoy. All the flavors where genuine and very much for the experienced bubble tea drinker. Listening to the young Asians at the other table, it was like the place in Hk, but less choices . They have tons of choices on the menu but if you had to compare to HK with millions of exp. tea drinkers it will do for Philadelphia. I have to say that this will be my new place before a massage from now on !! Enjoy
Kung fu tea is a hit or miss. Sometimes they make delicious drinks, other times the tea is unsatisfactory. Regardless, the bubble tea on the good days is the best in chinatown. The classic kung fu milk tea is usually delicious (and a lot better than Tea Do's). The interior is very modern, hip, and Asian inspired. 

Kung fun tea is a great place to chill with friends, play some jenga, and sip on tasty milk tea.
Have been here few times ever since they opened. Tried few different drinks and they are all pretty good. As for people who complained about rude employees. I honestly didn't encounter any problem myself. All I can say is, I am here for the drinks. If they are good. Then I am happy.
I've been to a few Kung Fu Teas in the East Coast (Manhattan, Queens) and this one in Philly is just as consistent - the most important aspect in any chain methinks. 

Their drinks have a strong tea flavor but is not overwhelming. I usually get them 50% sugar and its more than enough for my taste buds. Their boba is sweet and chewy - borderline mushy, but the flavor makes up for it. 

Service is expedient - I've always received my drink within 5 minutes. The sit in areas are generally clean and there is ample space to eat and hang out. 

Solid boba place in Chinatown!
Refreshing drinks at a decent price, been drinking for years
Can't go wrong with Kung Fu Tea. I recently moved down to Philly from NYC and glad there is one in Chinatown. This is my go to place for bubble tea. All different flavors and the only place I don't get sick after having milk tea.
My favorite bubble tea place in philly.  Best thing is they prepackage for you with carton and bag if you order more than 1.  I always order 2 to share but I have to drive them home so it's a huge plus to have them ready to go in a carry out bag.  Staff is always friendly and more than happy to package them to go.

I always get their green milk tea. 

Prices are about the same as everywhere else but I like that it's a bit more quiet and away from all the crowds.
The closest thing I've had in Philly to real milk tea. When I first moved to Philadelphia I was so sad about how horrible the milk tea was, and I tried nearly every place in Chinatown. As an avid drinker of milk tea, I was so happy this place opened! This is now my one and only place to get milk tea in Philadelphia. You can also adjust your sweetness or change out your toppings for pudding or jelly. A bit overpriced than what I am used to or in comparison to rest of Chinatown, but hey, they're the only place doing it right
I've been to a couple of different Kung Fu Tea's, but this one is for sure on my favorite location. They have a ton of seating, a bunch of communal games and a fun atmosphere. They always have macaroons for sale.. they are a little pricey, but they are much more consistent  than Audubon bake shop that is further north in Chinatown, and their tapioca pearls are always the perfect texture
It's ok, I really liked their boba BUT apparently they run out of it quickly. How do you run out of boba at 4pm on a Sunday afternoon and you claim to be open until midnight? That's just terrible.
When I found out there's a Kung Fu Tea in Philly of course I couldn't resist! This is a pretty convenient location near our hotel and is really close to Chinatown.

I normally don't get boba since it can be a hit or miss... As always, I got my Green milk tea with grass jelly! The taste was pretty consistent with the Kung Fu Tea in Boston. I've also found the green tea to be more milky than other places, but it's not inferior, but different. 

Glad I was able to get some milk tea in Philly!
The drinks are okay, but their service failed me again and again. I ordered the Oreo wow tea but for some reason the cashier took it for milk tea with Oreo. I waited for 40min, yes 40min, and got nothing I wanted. A few weeks ago I ordered a bubble tea for delivery, and it came in without a straw.
If the business owner ever sees my comment: I understand that you are popular and never worried about no customer, but at least be professional and mindful to your customer.
If I'm craving boba (which is all the time) my go-to spot is Kung Fu. Admittedly, I constantly go for the wintermelon milk tea, but I am always extremely satisfied with my order (my partner loves the coconut milk tea, if you want another recommendation). Similar to several other boba establishments, you can choose your sugar level and add-ons. Speaking of add-ons, I need to make it known that they have the best bobas I have ever had. It is always flawlessly chewy with a slight, but perfect amount of honey flavoring. While I could talk about how great their drinks are for days, I am bummed that I have to pay an extra 50 cents for add-ons. I know the 50 cents won't break my bank, but bobas are usually already added in the tea/price. 
The shop has ample amount of seating. I'm talking about large U-shaped booths that can easily fit 6+ people. They also have wifi and a $5 card minimum. As for service, I've never had to wait more than five minutes for my drink, but at the same time, I have never had a cashier who seemed happy to be there - but that doesn't stop me from enjoying myself!
Their milk tea is great. However, they are becoming very confident with their brands that they no longer offer a good service. The staffs are quite rude and unfriendly. Also, since many brands are offering delivery now, it just does not make sense for me why the brand does not jump on the bandwagon. And the requirement for delivery is pretty obnoxious: you have to buy 16 (or 15, i could be wrong) cups of milk tea for them to deliver, which is a lot. So, while I thoroughly enjoy the drink, I am just not a fan of their service. I know that this is not because of the brand, just this specific location since I have had a better experience at other locations.
I'm reviewing this place as a regular at Tea Do for the past couple of years, and I must say, I had much higher expectations for Kung Fu Tea. My friends and I all had the Kung Fu Milk Green Tea since we're all green tea lovers, and we were all disappointed. The beverage itself didn't have a very strong tea flavor. Maybe it's the fact that we all got little sugar, but then again, shouldn't milk tea be more than just sugar water? One friend said that it just tasted like watered down milk.

The texture of the boba was pretty chewy and good - in fact, the different toppings that we all tried were good... It was just the tea that was lacking in flavor. (However, they definitely didn't have as many toppings as Tea Do!) The wait was also super long - an average wait time of 15-20 minutes for a drink when it's pretty crowded in the store. I do like that there are many different options to choose from to customize your beverage - sugar levels, ice levels, toppings - but it all starts with a good base milk tea, and that's where I feel this place lacks the most.

If you don't like sweet drinks but still want the experience of a bubble tea, this place may be the place for you... Just not for me.
Got a redbean slush. A good amount of redbean and ice. But I prefer smooties better so just my preference.
I was very excited about the opening of KFT in Philly Chinatown this past week after hearing the hype about how great it is in New York and all. I heard all about how KTF was going to crush all the other bubble tea shops around, but...

...I tried it yesterday and my experience didn't live up to the hype (unlike Tea Do did for me when they first opened). Don't get me wrong, the bubble tea was still high quality. I tried the Kung Fu Milk Bubble Tea, Kung Fu Milk Green Tea, Kung Fu Taro Bubble Tea, and the Pineapple Sunshine. All were great with a distinct sharp aftertaste that seemed to be unique to KFT and was quite awesome.

The things I didn't like though were:
- The workers seemed very inexperienced. They were slow with the drinks, hesitant, and didn't seem to really know what they were doing.
- The macarons and cheesecake were so VERY overpriced. $2.25 for a 2" macaron? Seriously? And $4.50 for cheesecake...? You're in Chinatown...you're not a Starbucks. 

I just really hope they pick it up, especially the service. I'm so much more impressed with service at Tea Do, but I might be back to KFT for the flavors, the bubbles (very chewy and fresh!), and the seating (it's quite large and comfy like an actual cafe you can get some work done in). I'll most likely give them another shot!
Over crowded not enough seating, the choices were confusing if you don't order bubble tea often and the lighting was way too dark to actually read the menu... It's not a sultry night club but some of the lighting seemed to try to mimic that. Besides the annoying neon blue lights.
Kung fu tea would have to be my favorite place to get my daily fix of bubble tea. I really like how it's a nice place to hang out with friends and it's spacious. Their boba is always cooked to perfection and is always the right texture (always cooked in the center, doesn't get clumped). My favorite drink would be the black milk tea with bubbles!
Had this last night. Tried both the green tea and standard milk tea bubble drinks. It's about $3.5 for a regular and $4.50 for a large. 

I felt the drinks were too sweet (and I love sweet stuff!) and the flavor was not as good as some other established milk tea places. 

As far as I can tell, they only have one tea shaker behind the counter, so the orders were backing up and the wait was pretty long. Also their bubble balls are small. 

The interior has a lot of seating options from booths, bar facing the window and tables.

I prefer Tea-Do up and around the corner.
Kung fu tea is a really nice spot for a quick take out drink and snack. The drink menu is very large & offers much variety. Hot, cold and slushy drinks are available. There's so many things to choose from that it took me a few minutes to decide! I ended up getting the iced peach oolong tea with mango jelly. It wasn't that sweet, I like it sweet though but that's ok. Looking closer to the menu you can actually order different levels of sweetness.. I know this for next time. The drink itself had chunks of canned peaches and of course the mango jelly that I added. It was nice and refreshing. They also have quick bites such as onigiri, which I got the spam one, and a nice variety of French macaroons and cakes.. I saw so many other drinks that I wanted to try, next time I'll have to try the Italian mocha slush, that's next on my list
Kung Fu Tea is a good bubble tea shop. It's spacious and clean, and prices are comparable to nearby competitor(s).

I appreciate the options for sugar level and the customizable ingredients that are available.
Always crowded here. Taro bubble tea / green tea flavor is great.  Smoothie also yummy
I paid for taro milk tea with boba but I got this boba tea that tastes like regular milk tea!  By the way, I double-checked before I left because it did not look like taro!  At $4.50, this is also overpriced!
Loyal customer to my favorite little bubble tea shop! I always order the bubble milk tea with 30% sugar and it is by far the best I've ever tasted! Their tea and bubbles are sweet, ever so slightly floral, and indescribably delicious like no other. I also love their onigiri, my favorite being the KF Special with kani, seaweed, egg. Yum!

As for the atmosphere, it always seems to be spacious when I walk in and lines out the door when I walk out. In other words, it's a constant flow unless it's a weekend night. People are almost always relaxing with groups of friends and playing jenga. The employees are very comfortable behind the counter, so they don't usually fake a smile, which I oddly find respectable. Not to mention I'm there so often that I know they work long hours, so don't knock them for their seemingly blank expressions, they're very helpful and nice when you need them!

Definitely recommend~!
This boba spot is fairly busy on the weekends, which makes finding a seat pretty difficult. After my last few visits, my order wasn't taken properly and food was kinda lack lustered. Granted, I should have read the menu of my order, so I will take that blame but the food seemed alot lower in quantity and quality compared to their tv pictures.

I ordered the spam rice ball and takoyaki. The spam was not really cooked and the takoyaki was pretty small compared to other nearby spots. The boba is fairly good. I would usually get their milky boba but that's just my taste. Also, their credit card reader hit it's batch limit so it made paying by card alot more difficult since they apply a $5 minimum and that time only accepted cash. Luckily, I had cash but I assume their ATM would have charged a service fee if I did not have cash. It is not convenient to go there.

Overall, I feel their service can use more improvement and their seating space is quite limited and often occupied for an extremely long time.
Whenever I go to any boba place, I usually get taro milk tea or a taro slush.  I'm a fan of all things taro. That being said, Kung-fu has the best taro flavored drinks among any of the boba joints in Chinatown.  It's the closest to the real thing; they even add real taro bits to their hot taro milk.  Whenever I need my taro fix, I come to Kung-fu. The boba is typically cooked perfectly, but they do have their off-days.

 The most disappointing thing is that I have been here on more than one occasion where they completely ran out of boba. A bubble tea shop that's run out of boba? That doesn't make much sense at all. Why can't you cook up some more in the back?  Welp. I couldn't understand  then and I don't understand now. But hopefully  you won't have to experience that tragedy.
Perfect for late night snack or dessert.  Perfect tea.  Love lychee and Aloe jelly.  Boba has perfect texture.  Can adjust sweetness.  Just wish they would open a store in the suburbs or even in center city...
Visited: 02/25/2016

We came here after dinner and it was average because in Duluth, GA there are so many of these types of drinks, this place doesn't really phase me. Actually, there are two Kung Fu Tea places in GA now :D I'm more biased towards Kung Fu Tea because of the tea taste. This time I ordered a warm drink and it was delicious :D So, whether you're in Duluth, GA or Philadelphia, PA, know you can visit a Kung Fu Tea :D
