We chose L'Angolo for my mom's recent birthday for a few reasons...it's BYO, she hadn't been to the South Philly classic in about 25 years, and most importantly, they take reservations (which is such a rarity in these tiny BYOBs). 

The place is super small and uber cozy, decorated in a Tuscan manor, and definitely has that South Philly charm you probably desire if you're headed to a place like this. 

In addition to a pretty stellar menu (which is very vegetarian friendly), there are always daily specials which include a meat, a fish, a pasta and an app. Scallops and wild boar ragu were two I remember from this visit, to give you an idea. 

Served water and toasted bread with a side of delicious oil that had a basil note upon arrival. Some mentioned the plating of the bread was sloppy just being thrown in a bowl. I would have to agree. Another complaint would be the tiny bit of oil. We definitely wanted more and had to ask for it. A tad annoying. 

I personally went with the arugula salad. The salad was fantastic and in my opinion, memorable. It's worth me stopping by just for this as a to-go order in the future. It was dressed lightly, but perfectly. It had a nice crunch from the almonds and a tang found in the marinated onions. It's super easy to remove the large chunk of shaved grana if you're vegan and sharing with others. Otherwise just order without and you're golden. Another great option for vegans would be the grilled zucchini, roasted peppers, with fig balsamic glaze minus the pan-seared smoked mozzarella. Yum!

A Caesar, an arugula, and grilled calamari were ordered as starters for our party of 6. The salads are large enough as an entree for one, or to split between quite a few people for "just a taste" before your meal. 

The crew ordered:

The mushroom gnocchi which is definitely worth trying if you've never had them pan-fried. I've actually never seen them this way. They came with large chunks of mushrooms and are available in a cream sauce or in olive oil and rosemary. The table ordered the later to save calories...just a bit. 

The Spaghetti scoglio... mussels, clams, shrimp, calamari, light red sauce. So much fresh seafood at what we considered a steal. They couple easily charged $8-$10 more for all the seafood given. My sister in law did ask for their spicy marinara she favors here. Perhaps if you like spice, ask for it as it's not listed. (Insider tip). 

The Spaghetti ai gamberi... shrimp, broccoli rabe, summer tomato sauce. Nice fresh tasting red sauce. Not too sweet or acidic. Huge shrimp, but perhaps not enough pasta underneath as some had notice. A good option for the more calorie conscious. 

The seafood special with a hearty filet of branzino, big shrimp and squid over mashed potatoes. Said to be delicious. 

We also took home the eggplant parm which is served sans pasta when ordered as an app. It was not heavily breaded and enjoyed.. Looked a little to chewy and stringy for my taste when I cut it up. 

The food and ambience was very well liked by all, but our service was a bit so, so. While our "buser" was wonderful and on top of water refills and packaging up leftovers, our waiter was lacking. It was just before the holidays and very busy so perhaps a pass is in order, plus our fam that visits regularly had a wonderful waiter last time and several times before. Not sure what to say about that but for us, this visit was a bit of miss on that front and why the 4 versus 5 star, unfortunately. The poor service wasn't enough to keep us from returning however. 

South Philly street parking and back in angle parking. Come prepared if you're not used to it and don't forget those bottles!
I hesitate to even review this establishment because I don't want the secret to get out. I've been in Philly for 4 years now and just went for the first time. This was by far and away the best meal I have had in Philly. From start to finish, everything was more than delicious. The bread that they drop off has a great crispy edge and the softest inside. All their entrees sounded delicious. I went with a pork shoulder that was seasoned perfectly and cooked to perfection (just falling apart in your mouth). My partner got a ravioli that no description can do it justice. The white sauce was divine. The ravioli's perfect. If I didn't believe in a God before this, I do now.

Don't be turned off by entering and seeing the kitchen. You will soon be ushered off into a space made to feel like a courtyard in Italy and that's when the experience of a lifetime begins. It's BYOB so bring some wine to pair with your favorite pasta dishes. Literally call me if you need someone to go with, as I am always down to go.
Chasing the Dragon...I have chased many a dragon...through my life of continual excess, degradation, exploration, exasperation and even flagellation most of my experiences have come because of that damn dragon.

The first time you do something wonderful, experience joy, or pass out naked in the Vatican wearing only a beer can hat...it is burned in your soul and your only desire is relive that moment.  It becomes an obsession. It becomes a quest. A pain in your heart and a blackening of your spirit each time you cannot grab a hold of that dragon and suck the marrow from his bones.

My dragons have almost killed me.  My dragons have saved me. My dragons have almost ruined me. My dragons have enriched my life.

Meet my newest dragon...L'angelo Ristorante.  People I trusted, people who know good food, people who I have spend 17 years in a 10x10 cage, would rave to me about L'angelo...they would tell me how truly special this little BYOB off of broad street was. I would dismiss them. I would curse them. I would flail at them with sharp objects. Eventually, they gave me some money and with the money I made collecting cans it was time to take the woman I am currently living with. The bane of my existence.

Several times we sampled the goodness L'agnelo had to offer, and each time I loved it even more.  I was told that this would be the best meal I have ever had. I am not quite ready to say that, but I will say that it is has had the single best Italian dish of my life, and that it has had the most constantly spectacular meals of my life.

Without reciting the menu, which never really seems to change, and that is a great thing, I will explain what this place is NOT.  It is NOT a place where you stuff yourself with 2lbs of pasta. It is not a spacious, well lit, cavernous chain Italian eatery. It is not a place you should eat wearing a baseball hat or a hoodie...idiot in the red...you know who you are.

What this is...is brilliant. It is simple, unpretentious food done perfectly. It is the excellence of execution (sorry Bret Hart), it is haunting beauty of simply prepared ingredients done perfectly.  Nothing is over the top. Everything feels like you can make it at home...until the car ride back and every millimeter towards your destination tells you that the best you could ever do is a pathetic recreation of elegant simplicity.  

The best Italian dish I have ever had is their appetizer. It is a baked trio of mushrooms mixed with garlic and fresh rosemary covered in fontina cheese. Sound simple. It is. Sound like something you can make at home. It isn't. It is so perfectly prepared that I have ate it every time I have gone to L'angelo. 

The owner has given us their homemade leminchello made with grain alcohol for free every time I have eaten there. Made on premises and it is again perfect in its execution and delightfully refreshing. 

My last kudos is for a desert that exemplifies their subtle food magic. Tiramisu. Tiramisu can be heavy handed, it can be too light, it can be too kid friendly, it can be utterly forgettable. Here it is a perfect balance of rum, coffee, freshly made ladyfingers and a light and not too overly sweet cream. It is ethereal. It is perfect.

L'angelo is a great place to eat. It is reasonably priced especially for how good the food is. You cannot say that you know Philadelphia without eating here. It is an experience. It is my dragon and I am afraid that I will never ever be able to properly chase this dragon outside of those four walls.
My first experience here was for Valentine's Day dinner with my boyfriend, and wow, could I have asked for anything better. 

We walked in for our reservation at 9:30 pm (yes, that late! We called a week in advance and nothing else was available!) to a nearly full house. By the time 9:45 pm rolled around, even more customers had walked in and all tables were officially occupied. 

The restaurant is very charming, with dim lighting and beautiful decor (I was seriously eyeing up the iron gate propped up on the wall near our table). The restaurant is pretty small, but I really appreciate that for date nights. I love being able to have conversation, and not have to worry about distractions from a big crowd, TVs, or music!

The food was delicious, to say the least. We started the night off with two appetizers: one being smoked mozzarella with zucchini, roasted peppers, and fig balsamic glaze, and the second being shrimp and asparagus wrapped in prosciutto (which was one of their specials for the night). The first dish was good, but in no way compatible to the second. We both agreed that the shrimp and asparagus was more flavorful and definitely more memorable. We do wish there had been a bit more added to the plate though. It would have been nice to have four shrimp instead of just three. I personally think that's better for sharing purposes too!

As for my entree, I chose their pasta special for the night which came with shrimp, lobster, basil, and spicy pesto. When the entree arrived, I was blown away by the fabulous presentation! Both the shrimp and lobster were prepared just perfectly, and the spicy pesto was delicious with just the right amount of spice for an Italian dish. I can only hope that this special makes its way on to their regular menu!

As for dessert, my boyfriend and I ordered cannolis. These mini, sweet treats were the perfect way to end the night. 

I definitely plan to return to L'Angolo and hope that I'll get the opportunity to order that pasta again! I would highly recommend going here for a date night or with a loved one for a classic Italian dinner! Be sure to bring a bottle of wine with you as well - they are BYO! :)
(to the tune of That's Amore by Dean Martin)

When you head to the South, for pasta in your mouth
That's L'Angolo...
When your party's so big that the room barely fits,
That's L'Angolo!
Pass the bread, girl, you'll leave well fed, yes you'll leave well fed
And you'll say "Oh, my belly!"
But the wine, oh it tastes so fine, yes it tastes so fine,
BYO makes you silly....

When the veal's cooked with zeal, and it gives you the feels
That's L'Angolo...
When you float from the doors, "Roll me home!" you'll all roar,
That's L'Angolo!

I went with a party of 18. Let that sink in. 18 hungry, young professionals armed with their favorite bottles of wine and looking for some fun with friends - we couldn't have left more satisfied. From the service (patient, attentive, hilarious) to the space (the back, they pushed enough chairs and tables to be plenty accommodating) to the price (not cheap, mind you, but totally affordable, and the value was off the charts. BYOBing is a game changer)... but let's just talk about the FOOD!

I enjoyed bites of many dishes, but the one I chose as my dinner date, the Vitello l'angolo (veal medallions, shrimp, roasted red peppers, white wine) was so divine I'm still thinking about it. I'm not terribly wild about pasta, so it was exciting to see a menu with several non-noodle dishes. These veal medallions were cooked to perfection, over a bed of potatoes and broccoli, and made my tastebuds sing.

Worth the trip.
When reading reviews, I've noticed that people are quick to point out when they feel a place is overpriced. Using that measuring stick, I am surprised that more people aren't going out of their way to mention that L'Angolo is one of the best bargains in Philadelphia.

You will never leave this authentic BYO feeling like you overpaid for a meal. I'd also like to believe you will leave this establishment unsatisfied. 

In my family, my Nonna is one of the pickiest eaters and is especially critical about Italian food. If we went out to eat, she would typically fill up at home first and then pick on bread and drink Sprite at the restaurant. There are very few places in this country she enjoys but  L'Angolo is far and away her favorite.

When this restaurant opened, she quickly transformed from someone who hated to go out to eat to someone who would offer to take us here on her own dime.

Considering the fact that my Nonna's cooking is the standard I use to compare all other meals, this is just about the highest praise I can give a restaurant.
"Skip the Italian Market. Come Here"

There is no reason to subject yourself to the Ralphs-variety of boiled pasta water and red sauce, lousy salad and deflated expectations. Not when you can pack a passport and venture into the belly of South Philly.

Situated on the corner of Who Knows and Where, you'll find the stubborn outpost of Italian Philly that, thank heavens, refuses to look out the window and see what the neighborhood has become.

inside L'Angolo you'll worm your way around a tight hall kitchen, step over somebody's parked Vespa, to be delivered to your table in a pleasingly cheerful, yellow room with a giant wrought iron grille on the wall indicating ... ? And a clutch of fake flowers parked underneath an arch, just in case you forgot where you were... 

The most important part of the story: L'Angolo is delicious.

I risked censure and snapped some prize-winning photos of the culinary highlights of my virgin voyage. Items of note include:

Cold grilled vegetables with ricotta salata, ringed with a red pepper sauce. Perfection.

Special: Beef filet medallions dressed in the sheerest whisper of smoked mozzarella, in a rich and prostate-rattling brown sauce. OMG.

Special: Orecchiette with shrimp. The ears were so tender, so ... I know this sounds dumb but the pasta actually tasted like pasta. (True standout for homemade pasta.)

Couldn't decide between various entrees and the spaghetti bolognese ... so our (fantastic) waiter thoughtfully broke the tie and brought me a side bowl. For that gesture alone, he's got a gold license plate in heaven. The sauce was very rough-chop ... carrots were al-dente cubes, etc. A tasty, welcome variation on what I've had elsewhere. 

So, why not five stars? The only reason for clipping off the fifth is dessert. (My Philly Italian friend would say that's not valid because according to her, "Everybody knows Italian desserts suck." They do? Live and learn...)

Dessert-wise, I've sampled:

Pumpkin cheesecake: OK, but nothing special.

Some chocolate fudgy block attacked by raspberry sauce. Heavy/rich/fine, but no standout.

So, maybe skip dessert, but it's no loss really. The coffee's great and you'll be full to the gills from a rockstar meal prepared with total love.
This was such a gr8 find that my friends introduced me to! We had a reservation and we were able to have a nice corner table and bring our own wine!! It was my birthday so they treated me extra special by turning the lights off and having the whole restaurant sing Happy Birthday! (I wasn't even embarrassed) Gr8 Italian Food! A little pricey but so worth it. I had veal with shrimp. The pasta was delicious!! Highly recommend you make it there. Very small space and very good while being crowded!
The fun and stereotypically "Philly" Italian accents alone are worth a visit to this cosy neighborhood eatery.

Our carb feast kicked off with Burata cheese topping a faro and arugula salad with roasted red peppers and tomatoes was the star of our show. (Note: this was the appetizer of the day and may not be on the menu when you visit)

As for our entrees, we ordered the house made gnocchi with thyme and spaghetti pomodoro (I was feeling super classic). The pomodoro sauce was delicious. The gnocchi could have used some actual chunks of herbs or veggies to break things up both visually and taste-wise. 

Insiders tip: reservations fill up quickly but if it's just two diners and you don't mind being where the action's at, tell them you're happy to eat in the kitchen section. This was a game changer for us. We loved being only a few feet from the kitchen action and drooling as each plate rolled out. Besides, aren't open-kitchen concepts super in right now? 

Excellent server. Quintessential "Philly" rolled into one male. We wanted to take him home with us.
I absolutely loves this place! I was visiting Phila and my friends took me there for my birthday! We were able to bring our own wine! Loved the tomato and mozzarella
App, the calamari was ok (not fab). I had the veal and shrimp dish- delicious. Others had pasta with seafood and chicken dish! Loved the South philly cannoli- to Die for! And the whole restaurant sang me happy birthday! Very small place and you need Rez!
You know, people get wrapped up in all the hoopla of Vetri, Osteria, Amis and Vetri himself.  Don't get me wrong, his food is great but hands down I would choose this place in a heartbeat over any of those three.

I have been coming here for years and went again last night.  The same waiters are still there from ions ago.  Everyone is super friendly, the atmosphere is homey and almost cheesy but the food melts in your mouth.  My advice, make a late reservation, 9ish or so so the place is a bit empty.  Get a decent bottle of wine and just enjoy the company you are with, along with the simple menu.
Few things in life are better than finding a top notch and authentic Italian restaurant. L'angelo is exactly that as it delivers some of the best Italian food in the tri-state area in a setting that feels like a quaint restaurant in Italy. 

Located in South Philly, this is truly a hidden gem for those who don't live in or know the area. There are only about 10 tables in the restaurant and they fill up very quickly, so reservations are a must (which can only be made by phone). They explain the menu well and it's a BYOB, so the stage is already set for a great experience. 

Food wise, I had the scallops and mushroom special which came in white wine sauce and it was delicious. Also had some beef on top of spaghetti in tomato sauce which was excellent as well. Finished things off with a pumpkin cheesecakes which was pretty amazing. The meal was perfect from start to finish.

This is truly a gem in terms of Italian restaurants in Philly. Having been to a few in the city and in the area in general, I can say with certainly this place is the best. Parking isn't the easiest, so definitely take that into consideration when coming, but aside from that, this place is perfect in every way. A must!
Simply amazing ---- Perfection. Not only was the food outstanding the staff were just as outstanding. I arrived in Philly starving and my dear friend and I were seeking a bite to eat with her daughter. As we left the airport and headed through South Philly trying to avoid traffic I whipped out my android phone tapped the YELP icon tapped the Monocle icon and presto --- there was L'Angolo 1.1 miles ahead. 

I ordered the special grilled Branzino, if you don't know -- it's basically sea bass from the Mediterranean region. Grilled with lemon and served on a bed of grilled, lightly charred asparagus along with grilled squid and shrimp. Drizzled with EVOO and kissed with cracked pepper I was totally excited for the first bite. My guests dinned on seafood pasta and the little one enjoyed a bowl of spaghetti and meatballs! 

This place is a BYOB, so we sipped water as we hardly spoke and scarfed down the food that was placed in front of us. The waiter with an accent checked in on us, the other waiter whom actually took the order -- cute as could be. If I lived in Philly still I would have asked him out for a drink! :)  Behind us sat two ladies drinking a bottle of Cab and chatting about the day, leaned over and began chatting to my friend and I. Amazing, the City of Brotherly Love does in fact have it's moments!! Not everyone is ANGRY in Filthadelphia. :0)

Of course you cannot dine at a lovely little Italian restaurant that looks like something straight out of Venice, with the antique painted walls, rickets wood tables and chairs squeezed in to a petite dining space. So dessert it was! A chocolate, very rich and very delicious truffle cake served with a raspberry sauce the color of the red lipstick your grandma always wears. our second choice was something a bit lighter a lemon cream Italian cake, again speechless! 

Please whether you live in the area, are passing through, stop in and taste a bit of Italy tucked into the most unexpected location!
The people here are friendly and the Italian food is pretty solid. It's all quite basic and authentic, nothing too fancy or frilly. The food isn't really very sophisticated, but it tastes good enough. I don't have that much to say about it, other than the fact that I found nothing offensive. It might be a tad bit pricier for the quality of the food than I would like, but they don't skimp on quantity.

Overall, this is a fairly tasty little Italian BYO, probably one of the better ones in Philly. You could do a lot worse. Probably a 3.5, but I'll round up to 4 for the character of the place.
This is a real gem and I'm remiss at never having eaten here before. It's on Porter two blocks off Broad. We were going to a Sixers game. It's only a few minutes to the stadium. It's cute enough small place. Service was first rate. The food is excellent. We split a Caesar it was excellent with a nice wedge of parmesan. The bread was excellent. Buddy had the duck pasta it was was nice but I'm not sure I'd get it. I had the  Milanese and it was perfect. As good as I've every had. Beautiful cutlet, fresh arugula and lots of lemon. It also had a wedge of parmesan and the duck had two. A bit of a good idea run amok! I had the best espresso I've ever had outside of Italy and my friend had the cannoli. It was a great time. Lastly, the meal was a real value. $60 for two. It's BYOB.
If the miracle of time travel was ever miraculously invented and available to the general public, and I would use it over and over again so I could relive the meal that I had here. 

Despite me generally being broke, I still try to make it a point to go out to nice dinners with my friends a couple of times a month. On a whim, this place was selected and it was the best decision ever. The place itself is small and cramped but filled to the brim with charm and a warm decor. We decided to share a few appetizers and they were all superb - roasted artichokes in a garlicy-lemon-olive oil sauce that were cook so perfectly that you could eat the entire thing, not just the hearts; an antipasto plate filled with deliciously marinated vegetables, beans, and even a small piece of eggplant parmesan; and prosciutto-wrapped asparagus served with grilled shrimp and a balsamic marinade. Everything was so simple and so delicious that we couldn't wait until our entrees arrived, which were the real stars of the meal.

I went to this meal with the intention of eating healthy and avoiding pasta, but unfortunately that was before our lovely, fresh-from-Italy waiter said that osso buco was a special of the evening. My decision was made as soon as I heard that. I've only ever had it once in my life and it was divine so trying it here was a given. It was served in a traditional sauce but with perfectly cooked ricotta gnocchi as well. It was hands-down the best thing I've ever consumed in the Italian genre. The veal literally fell off the bone, the sauce wasn't overpowering, the gnocchi provided a sweet contrast to the savoryness of the meat, and they even left some of the bone marrow in the bone, which was a bit a buttery heaven from the gods. My friend loved his orchiette with braised duck in a simple white wine sauce, and my other friend found the tilapia over polenta to be great as well. We were all completely in awe in how amazing this meal was.

Service was fantastic, like I said. They were really patient with us being somewhat indecisive and didn't judge us at all for being a table of 4 armed with 4 bottles of wine and finishing each bottle. 

Also, this place is NOT pricey for the quality of food you receive. My osso buco was $25, which is extremely fair. I've seen other places charge upwards of $35 for it. Our total bill, for all the entrees and appetizers, was less than $100. For four people, I find that quite reasonable. 

This place definitely replaces Pesto in my heart as being the best Italian food in the city. Go here and go here often. You will not regret it, I promise.
Items consumed:
1. Grilled Calamari
2. Lobster Ravioli
3. Tilapia w/ veggies and mussels in a garlic white wine sauce.
4. Tiramisu.

The lobster ravioli was the clear winner of these items. The other choices were very good, but weak by comparison.

The Tiramisu tasted exactly how Tiramisu is supposed to taste.  I highly recommend this dessert. On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction scale, it is Terminator 2: Judgement Day.

The service is attentive, quick, and friendly.  I'm going to go again sometime and try some of the other menu items.
I can't believe I never reviewed L'Angolo (translates roughly as "The Corner"...fitting as it is on a corner).  The place is tiny, you walk through the kitchen to get to the ultra cramped tables, surrounded by mismatched, Italian artwork and photos.  Still the food is better than most Italian in the city and the prices are insane.  You'll leave for under $30 a person in most situations!   

The pasta is generally very good, the meats can be hit or miss.  It's pretty authentic and, for the price, a relative steal.  Grab a solid bottle of Chianti or Dolcetto and rock this joint.

PS. Like in any South Philly area, parking can be a nightmare.
L'Angolo really came through in the clutch. My wife and I ended up taking my mom out for dinner on a whim one Saturday night. Without reservations, we tried one Italian restaurant. They had no openings, but suggested L'Angolo's, which we didn't really know about. 
The staff promptly sat us after a brief wait, and we ate one of the best Italian seafood dinners ever. I had the mixed grill, which was not only incredibly delicious, but also so fresh. All of the food we tried that night was amazing. 
In addition, the staff was super friendly and efficient. We can't wait to go back
L'Angolo is a quaint Italian BYOB focusing on seafood. The environment is casual but quiet and refined. 

Dinner started with bread service. The bread was decent. The crumb and crust were both a bit dry. The sundried tomato and olive oil blend with which it was served were sweet and unctuous. It helped make up for the mediocrity of the bread. 

We ordered the grilled calamari and herbed olive oil which is served over a bed of wilted arugula. The calamari's flavor was smoky and salty (perhaps a bit much salt). The execution of the meat was perfect, tender yet firm. 

For the main course, I ordered the Spaghetti Scoglio. This is a large noodle dish arrayed with lots of mussels, calamari (not grilled), and shrimp. The flavor profile was excellent: garlicky, sweet, savory, herbaceous, and delicious. However, the shrimp and the spaghetti were poorly executed. The shrimp was overcooked, dry and too tough. The spaghetti was just a bit undercooked (should have sat an extra 90 seconds in simmering red sauce). The pasta is, unfortunately, dried box/bag pasta. 

For dessert, the Tiramisu was excellent. Flavors were delicate and creamy. The dessert was earthy enough from the coffee, savory enough from the cream, and sweet enough from the eggs, marscapone, and sugar.

L'Angolo provides a memorable Italian meal in a smart casual environment. The food was mostly well-executed with attention to complexity and breadth of flavor. Their service was kind and attentive. Dine here if you're looking for a good Italian dinner in the moderate price range.
I really loved this place. The fact that you have to walk through the kitchen to get to the dining area certainly adds a bit of charm and movie style ambience.  I went with some girlfriends and a few bottles of wine. We had intended to go somewhere else, but discovered they were closed for a vacation so we scrambled for a second choice and realized fate was on our side that night. We called L'Angolo and made a last minute reservation, I think we may have snagged the last table. 

We shared a few apps, including an artichoke special. I am such a sucker for an artichoke special. It did not disappoint.  For my entree I opted for the gnocchi and omitted the shrimp to make it veggie. It was delicious.  Everyone else loved their entrees too. Next time I'm going with other veggies so I can try more stuff! The bill was so cheap since it's BYO and service was spot on with frequently filled waters. Go!
Words cannot capture how wonderful this place is. Really old school, small, with personal attention and reasonably priced. BYOB. Don't go there expecting it to be quick. Sit back, relax, chat, and wait for the magic. You never feel hurried here. 

The appetizers are worthy of an entree. You could order two or three and call it a very satisfying meal. Entrees very generous. Many selections from the menu plus daily specials.
Perfectly done pasta, meats, seafood, salad, okay so it was everything we ordered came out to perfection. Impressed by the rather tight cozy space serving out all this amazing Italian food.  Its also BYOB so that's an added bonus here. Definitely make reservations as this place is tight and gets very busy, even as early as 6pm. Wonderful service from start to finish and would gladly come back again and again.
Had our pre-race dinner at L'Angola on Friday night, and it was just what we needed. We were a party of 6 and had a reservation for 8pm. As we walked to our table, we noticed the restaurant is a bit small and even with many groups of people eating, the tables were nicely spaced out and we didn't feel crammed. To start we had some appetizers to share: fresh mozzarella caprese, the spiedini, and the grilled shrimp and calamari. I really wished the portions of the appetizers were bigger, especially the grilled shrimp and calamari because it was just so freakin' good. But at L'Angola, you really don't have to worry about portion sizes, because they make sure you're fed, all right. For our entrees, a couple of us ordered the lamb ossobuco special, which was an enormous large shank with the bone still sticking out, with house made pasta on the bottom. Our group also had the shrimp and parppadelle special, the gnocchi, spaghetti scoglio, and the fish of the day which was a swordfish.  The servings were huge, and everything was authentic and delicious. By the end of dinner, everyone was so stuffed. But we still made room for dessert and shared two chocolate tortes, a cannoli, and tiramisu. My favorite was the chocolate torte but have to say the tiramisu was pretty good too.  Overall, it was a fantastic meal, and our wait staff was amazing from start to finish. For the authenticity and amount of food you're getting, everything was reasonably priced too. And, it's BYOB, what more can you ask for?
I guess I'm lucky because I live two blocks away and don't have to deal with the nightmarish parking everyone fears in south philly. Oh well, it's the city, get used to it and btw, visit this place.  There's a plethora of Italian restaurants in south philly and a lot of them are just mediocre but for some reason I really love this place.  Funghi al forno is one of my favorite appetizers but if you can't choose you can always get a selection of antipasto with some great vegetarian choices.  Favorite entree (so far) - pappardelle al pescespada.  Although not listed, many items can be prepared for vegetarians here since the entrees are made to order so just ask your server.
Word to the wise - make reservations, this place is always packed.
My new favorite Italian BYOB! It's a very small restaurant hidden in south philly, but if you seek it out, you will find it is full of rustic charm and delicious food!

The food is amazing, and service excellent! We had the burrata which was creamy and heavenly! The mussels were on point, everything you would expect. We loved our entrees which were the lamb chops, and seafood pasta with a side of bolognese. We finished with a piece of cheesecake, which was scrumptious! 

I'm so excited to have found this hidden gem! Can't wait to make another trip back when I'm having another pasta craving.
Let it be known that this is my first review: 
This is the best Italian I've had in Philly..from the moment I first walked into L'Angolo to the moment I caught my Uber after paying my bill. The service was incredible, the decor was incredible, the price was more than reasonable, and the food quality was superb. I can't wait to go and try it again!
So this is my other five-star Italian restaurant (tied with La Locanda del Ghiottone). I just can't say one is better than the other.

I've eaten at L'Angolo well over ten times in the past two years and it's always been good.  Food is consistently tasty and service is always friendly.

This review is based on my last time here which was this past Friday.  We made reservations for 3 for around 7:30.  My boyfriend and I took my mother as this place seems to be my go-to spot for taking Mom to dinner.

I need to rave about the Orecchiette all'anatra.  There is shredded duck in this pasta dish which I was on the fence about as I don't remember ever having duck.  However, I like to try new things and boy am I glad I did!  I will now get this dish every time I go.  I loved the flavor, the pasta cooked al dente, and the duck-  I am sure duck conoisseurs will cringe at this description- but it tasted like the best chicken I ever had...so moist and flavorful.

Don't forget this is another little BYOB and I believe it is cash only (double check when you call for reservations).
We recommend this place to all of our city friends who are willing to trek a ways south to have the most amazing Italian food! This place is small, and reservations are probably a must. But the food-Italian food commonly pleases but this place takes it up several notches. We still are still talking about the burrata salad we had there years later!
I came to the area to eat at another restaurant. Luckily it was closed and I was forced to come here since it was close and I was pressed for time. This place is fantastic. They had a reservation in an hour and a half but sat my party of four if we promised to order quickly. 
 
The four of us ordered different dishes and shared everything family style. Every single bite of everything from the chicken to the gnocchi to the lamb ragu sauce was amazing. If you're in the area you should definitely try this restaurant out. 

P.s. The cannolis are delicious!
L'Angolo is small, cramped, loud, delicious, affordable, and totally charming. As a frugal foodie/alcoholic who's lived on the Italian Market for four years and counting, I would have to say that L'Angolo is my personal favorite BYO. Maybe it's the all-male all-Italian (at least looking) wait staff or maybe it's the cacophony of various competing conversations, but there is something about the space that makes me feel like I'm in Europe... or at least at a big family dinner. 

The decor is ok... nothing too special. More than anything else, it's warm and cozy.  Dinners there tend to take some time, not that the service is bad, but the space begs one to linger... chat... open another bottle of wine. I've never felt rushed there or been served a poorly cooked meal. L'Angolo is ideal for a fun casual date, a meal w/ a few friends, or even a dinner for a small group. If you came in w/ 7 or more people, you would probably take over the place. 

Dress is everywhere from casual to dressy. I've gone in jeans as well as a nice dress. Definitely do make reservations, I have often had to eat there late-night (aka 9pm) because I didn't call ahead for reservations.  Parking is ok, I'm usually able to find a space on Broad.
This was a very cute Italian restaurant in South Philly that was recommended to me by a friend! We were greeted by a very friendly waitstaff who continued to impress throughout the night, actively re-filling our water. The complimentary bread was warm and was accompanied with a good well-seasoned olive oil. My friend asked for more bread and the waitstaff kindly brought her a new basket. The food was also delicious and very affordable, especially since we brought our own bottles of wine! I got the spaghetti scoglio. But I was more impressed by one of my friends' dish -the orecchiette! The truffle gnocchi was also very delicious. The waitstaff even gave us a complimentary dessert to share!
I decided to go here today for my birthday and I agree with all the other reviews, this place is amazing!  Upon arriving, we were the only customers (i think the massive snowstorm kept everyone in).  We were greeted by a man who I assume is the owner.  Him and our waiter did everything to ensure we were happy and comfortable.  I ordered the ricotta gnocci with shrimp dish and my bf had a dish that involved duck and a white wine sauce.  We both enjoyed our meals so much.  The prices were decent too, so I don't have to wait til next year to go again!
I don't know where to begin!  This is truly the best food I've had in Philadelphia. The menu has great staples for Italian food, but they also offer a handful of specials not on the menu. This place is a hole in the wall, and you would never expect what you see on the inside from looking at the exterior. The food is quickly prepared and the place is always busy with friends and family. I highly recommend the veal ravioli and tiramisu. Also know the place is byob.
Came here with the boyfriend and a good friend for dinner on a Saturday night. We didn't have a reservation but we got a table right away (they seemed crazy busy; didn't think we'd get in). Love that it's a BYO. We were seated in the front of the house which allowed us to peek into the kitchen and watch them working their magic.

The service was great and the owner was there keeping things in line. When they speak to each other it's in Italian which is always a good sign that you're gonna have a good meal. We each ordered an appetizer and an entree and then shared. Between us we had the caprese salad, lobster ravioli, the fish special, the eggplant parm, the butternut squash ravioli and the asparagus / shrimp / prosciutto appetizer special. Would get all of them again except the caprese salad. The tomatoes weren't in season or flavorful and there was only one sprig of basil for garnish. Everything else was amazing! The sage/brown butter sauce with the butternut squash ravioli was sinful and every bite as amazing as the first. 

For dessert we tried the almond crust cheesecake and the chocolate torte with raspberry sauce. The cheesecake was better but the raspberry sauce was amazing. The cappuccino was also delicious. Some of the best Italian I've had in Philly---and I'm picky about Italian.
Great South Philly Italian with a gourmet touch. Small and cozy with top shelf service.  Better yet it is a BYO so I took some nice Brunello and paired it with the daily special veal ravioli and the gnocchi in a creamy sage sauce. Rich but worth it.  My daughter had the Chicken with Balsamic Sauce which was ultra moist with great flavor.
Will be back. Right off Broad and Porter.
Delicious!! We came here for my step-mom's birthday dinner. We called about 2-3 weeks early to make a reservation and they only had 5pm or 930 pm available. We took the 5pm reservation and we were thrilled with our dinner! Our servers were awesome and were the perfect level of attentiveness.  

Appetizers: beet salad, burrata mozzarella with faro, and one other delicious appetizer

Entrees: Ricotta gnocchi, the boar ragu special, cavatelli, and spaghetti scoglio. 

Dessert: Chocolate fudge cake and cheesecake. 

Overall, I would give this place 4.5 stars and would recommend this restaurant for a nice dinner!
One of the best in its price category. No exceptions. My folks took me to this Italian joint the last week...Wow! double wow!  Everyone of us was dreaming of the next time we would return. the Pasta Bolognese was well crafted, The veal dishes where amazing, the mussel linguine was sublime , the braised beef and tomato spaghetti blew my mom's mind(her mind is easily blown)...the only dish that was suspect was the roasted cauliflower and onion pasta dish...pOps said it had too much salt...oh well. guess where I am going next time I am back in Philly?
L'Angolo is this amazing south philly gem! The food is extremely authentic and delicious. All of the food is cooked right in the front when you walk in, so you can see exactly what is going on. Its a BYOB- love that. The service is excellent, and the whole staff seems very friendly. The specials are definitely worth getting. We had the artichoke appetizer that blew my mind! I am dying to go back!!!!! Don't forget to eat dessert as well! You will be missing out. The lemon sorbet is to die for. The prices are perfect for what you get. No complaints here and 5 stars all the way!
If you want great food and great service! I recommend this spot in a heart beat. It's located in south Philly and requires street parking but that's ok bc the food is soooo worth it. I had the daily special grilled octopus and it was perfectly cooked and nicely char grilled.

For main, I had the spaghetti with seafood in red sauce and my husband had the duck parpadelle. Both dishes are a must try and both are very different in flavors. 

We finished with coffee, espresso and tiramisu.

It's byob so remember to bring the wine.
I came here for my birthday with a group of 23 people. Sadly we couldn't all fit on one table so we ended up splitting into 2 group, which was unfortunately but there was nothing they could do about it. It's BYOB, service is excellent and food is seriously so delicious. For someone who has to serve 23 obnoxious people, our waiter was so patience with us. He open our wines immediately, brought us our glasses and told us to be as loud as we went to once the couple next to us leaves (it was almost time to close). 
Even though we made reservations, we did end up waiting almost an hour to get seated, but then again, I can't blame them because we were a huge group. Def will go back again soon.
As we entered, we were greeted by a very friendly staff. The restaurant is small, but has a nice ambiance about it. I would suggest reservations. 

We started with an incredible grilled calamari appetizer and a delicious cold octopus salad. We followed this with three absolutely incredible main dishes. All were some of the best food we have ever had. We finished with a cannoli, sea salt and caramel gelato, and chocolate tort with raspberry sauce. 

The food, ambiance, and staff were fantastic, and we will definitely come again. 

Note: It is BYOB
It's rare to find a quality Italian restaurant for one. For two, it's hard to find one that isn't overpriced.  Every time I've been here, I've never had a bad meal or experience. Everything from the service, to how long each course comes out, to the food quality, has been perfectly consistent.

Big tip: if you have the time, go here for lunch. It's amazingly affordable (the price range for an entree is $10-$13), and you don't have to worry about reservations. 

There are few restaurants that I obsess about going back to, and L'angelo's one of them!
Friendly efficient waiters.  Cozy hole in the wall atmosphere.  Great small menu.  And good food.  One of the best restaurants I have eaten at in Philadelphia.

We left comfortably full but not bursting at the waist.  This was not a heavy sauce kind of Italian meal.  It was very fresh and light food.  And though I am not a tiramisu fan, I wanted dessert so tried it and it was fantastic.  Not too sweet or soggy.  Really the best I have had and makes me rethink tiramisu all together.  

The down side is we made reservations for 9:30 and still had to wait 15 min or so for a table when we arrived.  But I didn't mind.  It was fun being forced to stand next to the open kitchen and watch the cook and listen to him and the waitstaff banter in Italian.

Also had: Asparagus wrapped in proscutto with shrimp appetizer - Shrimp were perfectly cooked, such tender asparagus, and had the salty tender meat, with a great balsamic sauce.  

I had papperdelle with radicchio, fennel, asparagus and gold raisins.  It was a great bitter dish with a hint of sweet. The pasta was homemade, a little too thick for my taste, but good none the less.  Husband had huge breaded pork cutlet with mountain of fresh greens on top.
This place is fantastic and super authentic. As we were eating we were already planning our next visit.

I ordered a caesar salad for my appetizer that was perfectly dressed and the lettuce was fresh. It also had fresh peeled cheese on top. My mom got artichoke's for her appetizer. Two hearts in a garlic, olive oil sauce.

For the main course I ordered the talipia that was on special. Two filets crusted with olives and a bit of bread crumbs. Genius. They sat on top on a tomato and zucchini melody, topped with capers. Delicious! My father ordered the flounder that came with a white sauce and mussels. Also very tasty. Lastly my mother ordered the veal, and it was a piece of steak! Not a wimpy thin piece. It came with mashed potatoes and mushroom sauce, similar to chicken Marsala. 

While it's byob it's not conducive for large parties. It's a small restaurant.

Looking forward to going back! Make reservations!
Authentic Italian with a cozy atmosphere. 
The menu offers a variety of interesting Italian dishes you won't find at your typical restaurant. Always offering fantastic specials.
I highly recommend the grilled Calamari!

Whenever my cousin from Roma comes to visit, he loves to go to L'Angolo... that pretty much says it all.
We just went here last weekend on Saturday on the spur of the moment...no problem getting a table around 9.  We are foodies, and this was the best meal we have had in years.  Incredible quality of ingredients, and the pastas are the most delicious we have ever tasted.  We shared the arugula salad, the baked mushrooms, a shrimp and pasta special, and their basic pasta with marinara sauce (amazing...could have just eaten several bowls of this and been in heaven!).  Pumpkin cheesecake for dessert - very light and flavorful and unusual.
The whole setup here is charming and friendly.  Highly recommended.
I don't even know how we stumbled across this place, but I'm glad we did.  I called early in the week and could only get a 9pm reservation for Saturday night.  When we arrived, our table wasn't quite ready so we stood next to the open kitchen with our mouths watering watching them cook.  

Heading back to the tiny dining room, I was not looking forward to being crammed in with everyone else, but miraculously, I didn't feel like I was in a small space.  No bumping chairs or elbows or awkwardly trying to inch past other diners.

We started with grilled calamari, endive salad with the freshest buffalo mozzarella, and mushrooms.  It was so good, conversation stopped for a good 10 minutes.  

We all ordered specials, grilled branzino, veal, and veal ravioli.  The veal ravioli had a light cream sauce, just enough to cover them and not enough to overpower them and lose the flavor.  They completely melted in my mouth.

We were too full to have dessert, and the bill for four people (with tip, without alcohol) came to $140, which was a steal for food this good.

I think the night was summed up perfectly when a group of men came in without a bottle of wine and sat down, not realizing it was a BYO, and a woman on the way out of the restaurant placed her own bottle in front of them and said her meal was so good, she felt like she needed to give back to someone.  

We'll definitely be heading back here soon.
I highly enjoyed L'Angolo.  I went here with my husband and the in-laws for a Mother's Day dinner. 

The service was excellent.  Our host and waiter were really attentive and and nice.  It's small inside, but cozy and not ridiculously loud.  You can enjoy your conversation without having to yell at each other.  I would recommend getting reservations; also, it's a BYOB, so don't forget the wine! 

I got the gnocchi and it was excellent!  Perfectly executed.  The other dishes that were ordered were the lobster ravioli, the veal, and the orecchiette with the duck.  Everyone really loved their meal.  Just a warning, the plates are large.  I was pretty stuffed when I finished my dinner.  We got the cannoli for dessert, which was rich and delicious, but not the best I've ever had.  Don't get me wrong, it was good; I'm not complaining.  I've just had better cannoli before.  

Overall, I would definitely return and I would recommend it.  It's reasonably priced, had great service, and great food.  You can't really go wrong!
My husband moved here from Italy last year and he rates the food here as the best Italian food he's had in the US.  But great food is not all this place offers.  The restaurant is warm, cozy and welcoming.  Not a hint of pretentiousness (thank the stars).  The servers, chefs (you get to walk right by them) and hosts are friendly and go out of their way to make sure you enjoy your visit.  There are so many good things on the menu, it's hard to know where to start.  The bracciola is one of our favorites.  The mussels are fresh and delicious.  Desserts are also fresh and super tasty.  I'd recommend L'Angolo for a date or for a larger crowd (although you'd need a reservation).  This place is truly one of the best in Philly- a hidden and unique little gem very much worth taking the trip to South Philly.  We're sure to be back again....and again.....and again.
I never ever leave reviews but I just called to place an order for pick up and the guy who awnsered the phone to take my order was incredibly rude. I simply asked 2 questions, if they accept take out orders and if they had a lunch menu. He was condescending towards me while telling me to just look at the website. All you had to say was yes or no. I already knew what I wanted to order I just didn't know if there was 2 different menu options. As soon as he told me to look at the website he said he had to put me on hold. Trust me I wouldn't write this unless he was being a real dick to me. I hung up and took my business to another restaurant on the same block. This restaurant will never get my business now.
lovely little hole in the wall spot in south Philly! 
the service could be better, but they were busy when we came here on a Friday night at 7:30. 
As many others have said, the burrata dish is to die for! I love that it is served with prosciutto and arugula. The perfect trifecta.
The grilled calamari is a nice change of pace from the usual overplayed and overly-fried dish, but I wish they served it with marinara sauce on the side rather than olive oil. 
 
The pasta dishes are huge! I had the bolognese and was pleased. The sauce is good but the dish is quite heavy. I wasn't able to finish it. The pasta was perfectly al dente, so A+ there. 
I love that this place is BYOB as well! Would love to try again, perhaps at their new Havertown location!
My husband and I wanted to have a date night before we separated for the holidays and decided we wanted to try an old school Italian place in South Philly that we've never tried before.  I'm so incredibly happy that we discovered L'Angolo and it is by far my favorite Italian restaurant in Philly now.  Loved the following:

1) It's BYO, enough said
2) EVERYTHING is made fresh including the bread, pasta, tiramisu
3) The staff is so incredibly friendly that when you're sitting in the front area where the kitchen is, it almost feels like you're sitting in a family members kitchen having dinner with them

We had the grilled octopus which my husband said was his favorite and the smoked mozzarella to start which was my favorite.  The bread was so fresh and the tapenade they gave for the bread was out of this world.  I could go there just to eat the bread and tapenade.

For dinner I had the spaghetti bolognese which was amazing and my husband had the chicken parm, also great.  We ended with the tiramisu and even jokingly tossed around the idea of ordering a 2nd piece to take home for later.

This is a can't miss in Philly and it's a shame that it took us so long to discover it.
Good food, great service! 

The waiter handed our menus, told us the specials for tonight, and opened our bottle of pinot grigio without us asking :) Our waiter was more than glad to help in describing dishes that we couldn't pronounce. Could use a little more breathing room around our table, but I guess this is normal for S. Philly BYOs

The grilled calamari and baked mushrooms that we ordered for appetizers came out excellent! The seafood spaghetti in spicy white sauce that my friend ordered is OMGG good. I got one of the specials for the night, veal ravioli in a cream sauce. It was actually a little too heavy and dense for me, but the flavors were fantastic. Tiramisu was just okay for me. 

This was my first Italian BYOB experience and it was awesome!
I have read that thi restaurant is perfect for a first date, Well it is definitely true! The re is a lot of specials  and the food is just delicious. I had for the asparagus and shrimp in a sort of basalmic sauce which blended perfectly. For the entree I had the lanb which was absolutely amazing! The atmosphere is really intimate and the service is great (a little hard to understand the italian accent!). Had a great time !
Yelpers--what did you see that I missed??  I really didn't see anything special in L'Angolo.

I started off with the veal ravioli special, which was good.  But my entree, the duck orcchiette (which everyone seems to love) was really sub-par.  I thought the duck was unusually game-y and the sauce tasted like Campbell's chicken broth.  My husband's Spaghetti allo Scoglio wasn't much better.  Maybe we went on an off-night, but with so many wonderful (and consistent) Italian restaurants in the area, I'm not planning on giving them a second chance.
I adore this place. I've been to tons of other Italian restaurants in Philly and none compare. Plus the pricing is pretty amazing considering the quality of the food. I've never had anything bad, though I don't love the polenta that many of the specials are pared with. Other than that EVERYTHING is spectacular.

Favorites-
Artichoke App Special- everything artichokes should be.
Calamari App- the best I've ever had. Tender, fresh bright and grilled
Anything with the creme sauce (lobster ravioli or gnocchi)- it's rich but not heavy. It tastes like pure cream heaven, and I'm not one for overly rich food.
Grilled seafood specials- Perfectly cooked and just the right touch of grill meets lemon

I've seen couples having an intimate dinner next to a party of 8 with a bottle of vodka on the table. It's a quiet tiny place that will always satisfy. (just ignore the decor)
I have been coming to this restaurant for 4 years and never have been disappointed. First of all, it's BYOB and the food is beyond amazing. It is a tiny hidden gem in South Philadelphia, very accessible by public transportation. If you plan on driving allow yourself some time to locate a parking space. Do not be late for your reservation! Also, just showing up hoping to get in is not a good idea. 

Don't miss out on the appetizers, any grilled calamari, salads with mozzarella, burrata cheese and any special, just get it! You will not be disappointed.

All pastas are home made. The gnocchi is exquisite, so fluffy like a cloud in the heavens. The portions are great; you do not leave this place hungry. You will not be disappointed with any of the dish they offer so I'm going to save myself a carpel tunnel by not reviewing each dish. Always take a chance on the special as well because they are divine! 

Save some room for dessert, especially the cheesecake! The servers are knowledgeable, friendly and very handsome (did I just say that?)!!! LOL
Went on a Wednesday night (just got back) and had a really great meal. The appetizer was asparagus wrapped in prosciutto and served with grilled shrimp and a balsamic reduction. Though a bit more expensive than the rest of the appetizers, every bite was thoroughly enjoyable and the helpful host/server/man of many jobs was more than happy to make the dish more approachable for sharing.

In fact, we shared the whole meal and the folks serving us were happy to make this decision all the easier. Between the good food, great service, and cozy atmosphere, I'd absolutely suggest L'Angelo to coupes or small groups looking for a great meal. I do worry that the place could be a lot more crowded during the weekend, but I haven't been there on the weekend yet to verify that guess. 

My only problem with L'Angelo might be the somewhat lackluster bread offerings. Nitpicky? Yes, absolutely. But the bread made an otherwise five star experience into a high four star one. That said, if I were going to recommend an Italian restaurant in Philly without the fancy Center City bells and whistles, this would be it. Great for a date, great for family.
Excellent food and service.  We tried a number of appetizers, entrees and desserts and they were all winners.  It's BYOB, but they do have limoncello.  It was better than limoncello I had when I lived in Italy.  It's a small space so be sure to make a reservation.  We will definitely be back!
Best southern Italian meal ever. Amazing from appetizer to dessert. Very kind staff. Best part...not super noisy for such a small restaurant. BYOB, too.
Beautiful BYOB. Start by walking through the kitchen, being greeted by the cooks and waiters. It makes you feel like you're entering a Tuscan villa!

Inside, the tables are cramped so get use to hobnobbing with fellow diners. 

Get the artichoke hearts to start. You can't go wrong with the gnocchi. I very much doubt you'll have room for dessert. I never have!

Space is limited and you'll need a reservation. There are usually only two sittings on a week night.
On 04-02-16 I was in philly with family and friends. We went to a flyers game. I called the week before and made a reservation at the resturant for 5pm. The game was over at 4. We arrived to eat at 430 unsure if they'd let us in since they opened at 5. Well my first impression was great. The wait staff allowed us in, sat us and opened our wine. They apologized for not being able to take our orders since they were setting up.

Fifteen minutes later the waiter was taking our appetizer order. Fifteen minutes prior to official opening. The wait staff through the entire meal were attentive. 

For apps we shared the calamari, veal dumplings, and the smoked mozzerella. All of the apps were delicious. My personal favorite was the smoked mozzerella. 

Our party of six had different entrees. Everyone said their meal was delicious. I had the beef brigeole. It was fantastic. I would definetly return, and reccomend it to others.
As a returning customer, I am appalled by the behavior of some of the staff. Our group of 4 were celebrating a birthday & had ordered apps, entrees, dessert & coffee. In less than 2 hours, we were asked to leave because they had people waiting for our table. I was horrified! I have never been so rudely treated in a restaurant. With all the good restaurants in the area, we will not return. There is no excuse or justification for that kind of behavior. Completely unprofessional.
My husband and I used to live around the corner from this precious place about 8 years ago.  We ate there at least once or twice a week (no mortgage and no kids!). Although we live in NJ now, we came back to see Peter Gabriel in concert about 3 weeks ago and decided to go to L'Angolo for a romantic dinner at our favorite ristorante in the world.  I guess we had been away too long and forgot that they need reservations!  We showed up and saw the same chef and the same head waiter who had been there before and we were THRILLED...but alas, we were told that without a reservation we wouldnt be able to be seated.  Heartbroken, we left our phone number and waited outside on the dim hope that a table would open up while we considered any and all other options.  

Not 20 minutes later, the waiter poked his head out and signalled for us to come back in.  He had gone out of his way to rearrange some seatings and we had the most delightful dinner we'd had in years.

The food is ALWAYS incredible (the grilled asparagus wrapped in prosciutto with shrimp was FANTASTIC!), the prices are reasonable....but the heart of this little BYOB is always in the right place and the staff made sure that our trip to L'Angolo was not wasted.  We appreciate that so very much...it made our night that all the more special.  THANK YOU, L'Angolo, for being the PERFECT combination of good food and kind hearts.
I knew we were in for a treat when I called on a Tuesday for a Friday reservation and they said they only had one table left!

Well, we loved that table- near the open kitchen- it was a lot of fun to see the chefs doing 50 things at once and turning out dish after delicious dish.

For the appetizer, I had the special: grilled veggies with ricotta salata. It was incredible... I'm new to the ricotta salata scene and grateful to finally be clued in! My fiance had the funghi al forno (a regular dish), also delicious. 

When we ordered our entrees, my fiance mentioned that he was torn between two pastas: the veal tortellini special and the orechiette with duck. The waiter suggested that he order a half-portion of each- and seemed happy to do this for us! Yay for excellent service. He liked them both. The pappardelle I had was really interesting- lots of different flavors, and I especially loved the texture of the pasta. Best pappardelle I've had in the city!

At this point in the meal, our experience went from 5-star to 4-star. Dessert came out quickly, but it was not as stellar as our previous dishes. Additionally, it took FOOOOOOREVER for them to bring our check (even though the service had been stellar up until this point). We were full, and had had a bunch of wine, and just wanted to get home and into our jammies, and so having to flag down a waiter for our check (when we had clearly been done with our dessert, coffee, and wine for quite some time) put a damper on the experience.

But we'll be back. The food was awesome and the service mostly flawless. This is a great date place (as we experienced) but would also be fun with friends. And I will take advantage of any opportunity to have that amazing pappardelle again.
Wow! So happy I found this place! Very authentic very tasty Italian food. I walked in on a Saturday evening with a friend and we were lucky enough to get seated immediately. Apparently someone had just cancelled their table! Definitely recommend making a reservation though. We tried three pasta dishes and dessert.
- Pappardelle Al'anatra: Braised duck, white wine, thyme, shaved grana. This was mind-blowing. So so so delicious! It was the perfect bowl of comfort food - reminding me of a delicious chicken noodle soup like taste. Will make my way back for this.
- Gnocchi: Homemade ricotta gnocchi, mixed wild mushrooms, truffle cream. Absolutely delicious as well! Truffle/mushroom lovers dream come true. However I wish the gnocchi were a little bit smaller as they didn't absorb enough flavor.
- Spaghetti Scoglio: Mussels, clams, shrimp, calamari, light red sauce. My fried got this one - she said the seafood was delicious and cooked perfectly! However she didn't like the sauce as much for the pasta.

Finally, the last thing we ate after carbo-loading on pasta was strawberry cheesecake. This was so delicious! Possibly one of the best cheesecakes I've had. I will definitely be back here for the duck pasta and the cheesecake! Service was also wonderful.
This place is fantastic.  I love everything about it--the intimate atmosphere, the service, and especially the food!  I have gone four times with completely different groups: once just my boyfriend and I on a date, once with my Dad, once with my boyfriend's extended family, and again with some old high school friends.  Everytime we went, everyone raved about how amazing it was. 

My absolute favorite dish is the orechiette all'anatra (tiny ear pasta with duck).  The pasta is cooked to al dente perfection and you can taste how fresh the pasta is and the duck is out of this world.  Also, the grilled calamari is the most tender calamari I have ever tasted.

The service: when my boyfriend and I stopped in on a friday night without a reservation, even though they were full for the night, they said they would seat us as long as were ok with leaving by 7 (it was 6 o'clock).  We agreed and they brought us our food promptly, did not pressure us at all while we were eating, and we were out by 6:50.  

Did I mention I love this place?
Flawless, traditional Italian cuisine and service. Our group of four was quite pleased. The mixed seafood grill special was spectacular. I loved the espresso too. I will not hesitate to return. This is why I love south Philly.
Came down to Philly from NY with my girlfriend for the weekend and we wanted o dine at an old school neighborhood Italian joint.  There were quite a few to chose from and we selected L'Angolo.  A) I love BYOBs B) This place was a HOME RUN.  Super small and quaint.  Absolutely a family kind of vibe.  You have to walk past the kitchen to get to the 10 table dining area, but we loved it.  Our server was great, didn't catch his name but he was attentive and just a nice guy.

The food was amazing.  Started with beet salad, burrata & farro and the grilled pulpo over potatoes (a MUST).  I had veal parm & she had gnocchi with shrimp.  The gnocchi had to be homemade, like little pillows.  I wouldn't be surprised if my spaghetti was homemade also.  You can tell quality pasta after eating it for 40 years :)  The veal parm was perfect.  We didn't have room for dessert.  Prices are very good, as you get quality for your dollar here.  This joint will be a staple for when we visit again.
The farfalle w/ crabmeat should just be on the menu like always. Its delicious and the crab is not skimped! 

The lobster ravioli was very creamy but quite delicious as well. What I loved about it was that it was plumb and actually filling. It wasnt overpriced and sad looking like when you see it at those fancy restaurants that want to make lobster ravioli sound like some gourmet special.

They had a burrata special that was on top of I guess it was farro? Some sort of grain. Wasn't sure if I would have liked it but it was an absolute love.

The branzino mixed grill was the only thing I wasn't all that excited about. Don't get me wrong, there was nothing wrong with it. But after bites of the other dishes, this felt a little bland to me.
Wonderful meal and awesome little place! My mom was visiting and we decided to stop in for dinner. The restaurant is tiny but feels like you're eating in a bistro in Italy. The service was wonderful and we would definitely go back. 

We had the Caesar salad, special faro and Burrata salad, veal Milanese, and a shrimp pasta dish from the specials. The Caesar salad was one of the best I've ever had - chopped and bits of cheese and dressing spread Throughout every bite.

The place filled up quick I would recommend making a reservation. They are also BYO. 

Great find, I will definitely be going back!
They don't deserve a star. Me and my partner had a very strange experience here several years back where the owner claimed the kitchen was closed several hours early and his friend and patron got into an aggressive argument with him and kept telling us "he was just being an asshole" and that the kitchen wasn't closed. We didn't want to be imposing, so we left. Wasn't until the restaurant down the street did the same thing (with a packed dinning hall staring at us) that we realized it was because we were Black and you can still be that openly racist down here in South Philly. I think about it every time I pass this place.
Went to dinner here & everything was amazing!!! Homemade gnocchi melted in your mouth, seafood was fresh, can't wait to go back. Only complaint was the bread didn't taste fresh
Probably my favorite restaurant in the entire city.  I've eaten here many times and since meeting my husband it has become one of his favorites as well.  Consistently delicious.  I was raised by an Italian immigrant and the food is up to my uber-high standards for food from the Old Country.  I've picked L'Angolo for several birthday dinners over the years.

A friend who lives in MD got to know and love L'Angolo during his time as a student at Penn, and he and his family recently drove up from MD for dinner.  They were desperate for a Covid break and decided a 3 hour drive to have dinner was worth it.  Indeed it was. :)
An enjoyable experience from top to bottom - which is saying something; to think of a restaurant fondly besides just being a place to get food is priceless. And this was after one visit!

We walked in as a party of three on short notice on a weekend -- they were utterly packed but managed to seat us at a cozy little table right across from the kitchen, which is one of my favorite views of any restaurant anyway, as you can watch the process of the chefs and see all the dishes coming out. It was cramped, but worked well enough.

In quick succession:

octopus: YES.
pork shank: rich and brothy and flavorful and hearty. It came on a bed of pretty uninspired gemelli to go with it, though, and that didn't really hold up in comparison. The meat was perfect.
wild boar pappardelle: pappardelle is one of my favorite pastas, and this had a great texture and is always a great pick to go with boar, since it's so flavorful and sometimes verges on a little tough.
something else I can't remember for the life of me because we inhaled the rest: obviously not bad but not memorable

The whole atmosphere of the restaurant was really warm and welcoming, though, and it felt like a genuinely /nice/ atmosphere to be in. Sounds cliche, but paired with the great food, it was.
My favorite South Phila BYOB!  Intimate setting and great homemade pastas.   Consistent quality and atmosphere.   Make reservations because the dining room can fill up quickly.   Highly recommend!
1star...not many old italian staples like villa d roma..or santuccis across the street...the waiter did not address the table at all..until one of our party showed up due to being late..he refused...I will say he was so full of himself..farm raised small shrimp in the grilled app...the braciole was very dry and not tasty or enjoyable....we had to ask for water and for him to uncork our wine ..several times...really..just look at the strange menu..and go across the street..or to villa d roma....they really all acted like you were just
,VERY LUCKY"...TO EVEN BE EATING HERE....
None of our party was thrilled...and would not return.......AMAZING......ACCURATE REVIEW FOR OUR EXPERIENCE..
Came here on a whim before going to a concert at Wells Fargo center - and it certainly didn't disappoint. 

We arrived at 5:30pm on a Saturday evening and even though we didn't have a reservation, they were able to seat us in the back. In retrospect, had we known this would be the only seating option we would have made a reservation as it was very hot sitting that close to the kitchen. But it certainly wasn't anything to deter us from eating here again. 

For the table they brought delicious bread with a homemade dipping sauce - I'm 99% sure it was a sundries tomato pesto and it's absolutely to die for. Perfect amount of seasoning, flavor and oil. Our water glasses were always kept full which is a plus given that we were certainly feeling the heat from the kitchen. 

For our starter we ordered the appetizer special of pan seared artichoke.  Oh my goodness, where to even start. The tops were perfectly crunchy and the heart of the artichoke was perfectly tender. The oil was flavorful and the garlic cloves simply melted in your mouth. If I have to only pick one preparation for artichokes, this is the one I would pick. 

We ordered two entree pastas - the gnocchi with mushrooms and cream sauce as well as the penne melanzane. The gnocchi were wonderfully soft and the mushrooms were delicious but the cream sauce was definitely heavy - next time we will ask them if they can prepare it with a different sauce but it still tasted delicious. The penne on the other hand - I wish I could have more of it! The pasta itself was perfectly al dente and the sauce was perfectly acidic and had the slightest hint of spice. It was topped with a generous amount of cheese as well! When your entrees are brought to the table, they are kind enough to provide you with both red pepper flakes and Parmesan cheese - not many places ask if you want this. We were so full we had to pack part of our entrees but that just goes to show how delicious and filling they were. 

Despite being stuffed to the brim, we had to finis our meal with coffee and cannolis. Their house coffee was absolutely wonderful - so smooth and had a rich taste. The chocolate chip cannolis had a crunchy shell with a sweet but not too sweet cannoli filling studded with chocolate chips. When you're looking for that perfect sweet but not too sweet bite to end your meal, these cannolis certainly deliver on that. 

My husband and I absolutely loved our meal here and can't wait to come back soon!
Good, solid Italian cuisine.  BYOB will save you some money.  The service is fast and friendly.  Atmosphere is cozy.

First course--eggplant Parmesan was exceptional.  That marinara really makes the dish.

Bread--crusty, warm, and tasty.

Salads--healthy portions.  Arugula was fresh and perfectly dressed.  Grilled romaine heart with Gorgonzola and balsamic vinaigrette was amazing (the evening's special).

Grilled branzino with potatoes and broccoli was so fresh you would have sworn you were on the boat right now.  Prepared perfectly.  Braciole was good--in all honesty, not the best I've ever had, but probably better than you've had elsewhere.  Gnocchi that came with it were tasty.  Of course, that marinara was awesome.

Desserts--chocolate torta was over the top.  Cannoli were flaky on the outside, rich and creamy on the inside.  That's all you need for cannoli to be.

Give it a try if you haven't.  The specials are always good, but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
Looking for a pasta lunch my wife and I turned to Yelp for guidance .  Looking through the selection we chose L'Angolo.  This place was excellent.  We had our pasta fix with mine covered in shrimp, clams calamari and circled with mussels.  The clams , calamari and shrimp could not have been cooked better.  My wife had her pasta with shrimp and mushrooms.  Again an excellent choice with the spaghetti on both dishes having the delicious taste of the gravies in which both dishes were presented.  I will be going again.  Stop by.  You will love it.
I went here for dinner solely based on it getting such high reviews from yelp, and I was so disappointed!

WAY too many tables. It feels like somebody must have told them that lots of  people mistake an overpacked Italian restaurant for a "charming hole-in-the-wall." Lots of 20-something year old girls eating dinner and pretending to be in Sex and the City. Food is somewhere between fair and good, and a bit overpriced. Wait staff is very friendly and attentive.

The best part was that right after my boyfriend made the Sex and the City reference, we heard a guy two tables over making the same remark to his dining partner.
L'Angolo is named after its location since it is located right in a corner. Given a little space that they have, you may think that they will not be able to fit in a lot of customers. You may be wrong! I would say that it is a very warming and welcoming atmosphere here. 

Menu is based on traditional, Italian dishes. It seems that they have not changed a thing from the ones cooked, mostly, in Southern Italy. I Always try to get the Calamari Grigliati or the asparagus wrapped in prosciutto to start off and then I see what's special for the night. Unfortunately, can't have their pasta because of my diet. Grab a good bottle of wine and head out for a delicious, inexpensive dinner. 

Staff is incredibly friendly, nice and fast. They will be able to accommodate in case there's a large party of people or if it is only a party of two. Make sure that you have a reservation because most of the people who like to dine here are from the near by area. L'Angolo is definitely South Philly's little gem.
We tried this place based upon the yelp reviews, as well as other people I know who have loved it.  It's a comfortable and very cozy restaurant with warm friendly folks running it.  I loved the grilled radicchio salad special as my appetizer, but have to say that I was sorely disappointed by the lobster ravioli, which had both the texture and flavor of canned tuna fish with a weak, watery white sauce on top.  I only bumped it up to 3 stars because I tried some of the other dishes at the table;  the mushroom sauce on the veal chop was very tasty, and the grilled calamari was perfectly tender and had good flavor, as well.   I might try this place again, but I would not recommend the lobster ravioli.
Went here on a Saturday night. This authentic Italian BYOB features entrees that are reasonably priced and perfectly portioned. The baked mushrooms made for a perfect appetizer. Then enjoyed the Fillet Mignon special, which was to die for. 

This BYOB is a great place for date night.
AMAZING authentic Italian BYOB!! 
Came here on a Friday night in August with reservations with the boyfriend, the best friend and her fiance. Parking was a bit tight, but the overall dining experience made it worth it!

Bread came out and it was warm and delicious. Started off with some amazing appetizers: Arugula salad, grilled romaine drizzled with balsamic and topped with fresh mozzarella,  a grilled shrimp dish nestled in an amazing cream sauce, and beet salad with goat cheese. All were  large portions which did fill us up and allowed for doggie bags home for our entrees.

 For dinner two of us ordered the chicken parm which was bigger than the size of a full size hand.  Would recommend more spaghetti with the chicken parm. The boyfriend had a shrimp and pasta special which was out of this world. We also ordered the beef dish with gnocchi.  The gnocchi was so fresh amazing.

Dessert: Cappuccinos were sultry.  Had the chocolate torte and cheesecake for dinner...initially thought they were small portions, .but they were so fresh and creamy, it ended up being perfect to share between two. 
Service was fantastic. Total bill for the four of us came to around $165. 

We will definitely be back!
We have been here 4-5 times in the last 2 years. The food is always good though we were disappointed with the braciole last week. The meat was too thick and tough. Other dishes were terrific. Stick with the pasta and you will not be disappointed. Reasonable prices but watch out for the specials, they are expensive. Service is always good.
Wow! This was Italian food at its best! My coworker and I happened to find this place on Yelp and we were not disappointed! I had the spaghetti bolognese, which was fantastic. 

We were from out of town and did not realize this was byob. So be sure to remember that! We plan on coming back here! Also, I would recommend making reservations.
Solid Italian with fresh ingredients and a friendly staff.  Intimate setting and great place to take your parents along with a bottle of vino (or 2).
4.5.. snagged a reservation for dinner for four.  This place is tiny, and a bit out of the way.. but worth it!  

I do like open-kitchen set ups and here the kitchen is near the entrance.  Seating is towards the back.   There appeared to only be 2 servers on the night we were there and 3 or 4 cooks.  

Place was hoppin'.  We had a reservation but still ended up waiting fifteen minutes or so.. one of the servers apologized for it at the end of the night which I found a nice touch.  Food was slow, but service was not.   Staff kept glasses filled with both wine and water.

The food.. we started out with the mussel appetizer in white sauce.  Good mussels.  I liked the warm bread.  Three of us had pastas.  Good portions, and you can tell the pasta was fresh, though my pappardelle was slightly stuck and clumped together.  Mine's was a spring pasta with tomatoes and asparagus, but it was a pretty heavy pasta.  Good when eaten rarely. :)

BYOB.. excellent value, very polite waitstaff, good food.  What's not to like?
I CANNOT say enough about this place! I absolutely LOVE it. It's so tiny and charming, great for a first date!!
1. It is a BYO - you can't go wrong!
2. Handmade pasta. I've had the gnocci and the lobster ravioli, both are PHENOMENAL
3. It's small. Usually this isn't a plus, but in this case it is. It's like one of those hole-in-the-wall places you only see in the movies. You walk in through the kitchen, where everyone greets you like you've been going there for years. Then you get into the restaurant and now you feel like you've been transported to Italy. 

Definitely put this at the top of your "To Try" lists! It won't disappoint.
Not sure if they take reservations, but I would try to make one if you're going on the weekend.
So this is a BYO Italian ristorante. We got there in the evening but it was hard to locate it since the entrance is tiny and the lighting is very poor! Parking is not easy either. The place is rather small, but very friendly. The service is great too. However, the food is metzo metzo! It's a great place if you go with a group of over 6 since they line up the tables very fast to accommodate your numbers. We were the only young group in this place, most of their clients are older and family type of clients--as if they have been going here from generation to generation! So I guess for some Italians it is like home cooking, but frankly I thought I make better Italian pasta. We all had variation of pasta meals and we all thought it was average. The bread was very good though. The place was also a little cold!
Food -Finally tried this place and am so glad I did! 4/5 for me as only one of the dishes blew me away (the mozzarella appetizer). Lobster ravioli sauce was delish as well as the very stuffed ravioli. My orders included the shrimp and calamari appetizer which was very good, you can taste the authenticity lol. The sauce was amazing and the spice was spot on! Not too tomato-y nor salty, and the portion was huge. My entree, shrimp and shellfish over linguine I think, was just okay. I cannot describe the flavor, but I wasn't too crazy about it. Tasted like the shellfish/clam juice was a little too much in this dish. Dessert - cheesecake with almonds? The cheesecake was good however I could use the almonds on top instead of the bottom of the cake, they were a bit too much. 

Service - AMAZING! Everyone was so attentive yet did not constantly bug us with "you guys okay? You guys doing alright?" 

Definitely an authentic Italian spot that everyone just seemed like family! I am already looking forward to trying some different dishes the next time!
I came here with a group of 9 friends to celebrate my birthday, and L'Angolo was so accommodating even when I had to change the size of our party a few hours before the reservation time. Our server, John, was phenomenal. Not only was he incredibly friendly and knowledgeable, he really went above and beyond to make my birthday celebration special and memorable. The prices were definitely worth the delicious and very filling food (the lobster ravioli and tiramisu were so good!). Our entire group had such an awesome experience at L'Angolo, and I'll definitely be returning for future celebrations!
Went to this place for my birthday dinner this past weekend. It was my 5th time going. This restaurant is an excellent Italian byob. The food is great, and so is the ambiance and the service. Some of the food I have tried there:
Grilled calamari
Caprese salad
Gnocchi 
Lamb shank
Pasta in white sauce with shrimp and muscles 

These dishes are not overly complicated but their execution is close to perfect. Seafood is always fresh and meats are top quality and well seasoned. Dining room is small but it would be right at home if it were in Italy. Highly recommend.
Excellent lunch menu. Great atmosphere. Courteous staff. Would highly recommend this place.
With all the great 5 star reviews already, I'm not going to waste time saying what everyone else has said already, except for this place has to be one of the best Italian restaurants on the east coast. I have been up and down the coast and you just can't beat the food and service here. Everything was excellent all the time. Just feels like home!
I tend to not go out for Italian food, because in my mind, I just think of Italian food being pasta. "I can make pasta at home!" I stubbornly claim, and I CAN. However, I CAN'T prepare fish, vegetables, and salads with the skill of the chefs at L'Angolo. YES, I'll even admit that their pasta is of a higher caliber than any box of Barilla spaghetti that I buy on sale at the Acme. 

I took a good friend out to dinner at L'Angolo this past Thursday. I live only about four blocks away from this restaurant and had no idea where it was. I had the address of the place (courtesy of Yelp, naturally) and I almost wound up walking right past it. Located right on the corner of 14th & Porter in South Philadelphia, L'Angolo's door opens to the scrumptious smells of authentic Italian food. The front of the restaurant can be a tad misleading, because when you first walk in you don't immediately realize that there is a whole back dining area that boasts a quaint and cozy atmosphere, perfect for catching up with a good friend or family over dinner. It would also be the absolute perfect place to take somebody out on a date. Yes, L'Angolo is very small, but you never feel cramped. The waitstaff is incredibly friendly and constantly made sure that my friend and I had everything that we needed. It is a BYOB and they will happily chill your drinks in their fridge. The freshly-baked Italian bread was the best that I have ever had, and it is served with kalamata olives in olive oil.  I ordered the lobster ravioli and it melted in my mouth. 

South Philly is jam-packed with Italian eateries, but I will continue to recommend this little place very highly to anyone who loves their carbs and fresh food.
My favorite restaurant in Philadelphia hands down and perhaps my all time favorite restaurant. Been coming here since 2012. Tried others in south philly and this is still my place. I love their pork shank, seafood platter, lamb chop, really everything. This place doesn't disappoint and there are always other friendly patrons.
I love the atmosphere at L'Angolo's.  The staff is incredibly nice and the food is great. I need to get back there, it has been a bit since my last visit.
