A visit to this La Colombe Philly flagship is an experience. It's more than just grabbing a quick cup of coffee...or at least it should be. The space located in the ever flourishing Fishtown neighborhood is absolutely stunning! 

It's huge, trendy, yet earthy. Vintage pieces perfectly placed give the space an old time, welcoming, homey feel. The greenery scattered about gives life to the space. The ceilings are so high yet the place feels so cozy. Amazing. Exposed brick and beams had me "oohing" and "ahh-ing". I love the industrial chic notes! Definitely take a look around the entire space. Don't forget to sneak a peek at the copper topped wood burning oven! It made me stop dead in my tracks. 

There are so many different places to sit, catch up with a friend, enjoy brunch with the fam, work on your laptop, curl up and read a good book, nosh on drool worthy pastries and local goods such as Inspired Brews Kombucha, and of course, give into your caffeine addiction. This is a place for everyone. 

Everyone knows La Colombe is some of the best coffee you can get around here! It's worthy of a trip out of your way. The taste is hard to beat! If you've never had it and you're an avid coffee drinker...what the heck are you waiting for?! If you have tasted it, you know what all the fuss is about! La Colombe offers classic coffee drinks, hand pours, French pressed, single origin pourovers, cold brew, teas and creative lattes. They are always adding innovative products. Currently their mocha draft cans have the spotlight. 

Most recently I indulged in a triple mocha almond milk latte. It was made with unsweetened chocolate and was perfectly bitter. 

There's a full fixings bar with everything you need to top of your delicious beverage including non dairy milks, simple syrups, raw sugar, agave and such. There's also a complimentary water station there with real glasses. 

They offer a variety of pick up and go pastries as well as classic breakfast sammies, salads and lighter lunch nosh.  

The baristas are always overly friendly and extremely helpful. They know what they're taking about, offer service with a smile and create your beverage with care and much integrity, the way it should be, in my opinion. If you're overwhelmed with the choices, simply ask! They have great recommendations. 

This particular shop is the largest in the city and has all the La Colombe swag your heart could desire. From tees to snapbacks, fresh beans, ground bags, fun coffee gadgets including pourovers, coffee table books, even La Colombe chocolate bars! So fun! 

I absolutely adore a visit here and think you will too if you haven't already! I only wish it was closer to home and that parking was a tad easier. Patience is key.
Nice spot to catch breakfast, brunch or coffee with friends! It's a huge La Colombe, I'm used to the one in center city... which is much smaller. 

I really like the decor, the amount of space, different regions of the place you can sit in. They do have a wifi, their only downfall is that there are not a lot of wall outlets to charger your laptop if you're getting work done. Their bathrooms are very clean and neat in decor. 

Overall, it isn't noisy, average sounds. The staff are all very friendly and helpful.

I enjoy the drinks and scones. I didn't get anything else, but the line to order was pretty long throughout the day, so I'm pretty sure a lot of people enjoy their menu.
I wouldn't argue with anyone who claimed that this is the best cafe in the country. They're busy, frenetic, and holding down a giant space, while maintaining a level of food and drink quality above and beyond most cafes.

First - this has to be one of the largest cafes anywhere. A beautifully rehabbed warehouse or factory with a lot of wood and brick. Lots of tables without it being too claustrophobic. *No internet! But you can sit as long as you like to work and no one will say a thing. 

They have free seltzer water, which I thought was a treat. And the coffee is spectacular. They had a Rwandan drip coffee on tap and I kid you not that it was the most complex drip coffee that I've ever had. On another visit I had matcha tea, which was ok, a little weak. And my date ordered loose leaf green tea and enjoyed it.

They also have an in-house bakery that is way better than it has to be. The breakfast sandwich on house-made baguette was one of the best cafe sandwiches that I've ever had, with the right balance of egg, bacon, cheese, and an olive oil-dressed arugula with spicy mayo. They also have great pretzels, challah, and assorted sweets.

It's a decent place to work - La Columbe is so busy that working can get tough if you're easily distracted. I'd recommend it more as a place to meet friends or go out on a date. There's a big, enthusiastic staff, and they have the largest and cleanest bathrooms in the city. I'm always comforted that a clean restroom means a clean kitchen. 

This venture is a major success and gets my highest recommendation.
The flagship Philadelphia La Colombe is an amazing spot for coffee or light eats. This place helps anchor the neighborhood and really blends in with the surroundings. They also distill Rum here and you can pick up a bottle - just ask at the counter!
The decor is awesome! Some of the breads are ok. The experience is garbage. 

I went here on a rainy Monday. I walked up to the counter where there were 5 people working. It took a full 2min for someone to ask me what I wanted. "Large black coffee please." The young lady asked what kind and gestured to a sign next to the register. "The first one is fine" After another 2min of me standing there with my wallet open, one of the other women told me I could pick up my coffee on the other side. I stood there for almost 5min then decided to put my jacket down. Set-up my laptop. Get my note pad out. I went back for my coffee and it still wasn't ready. I went back to my laptop and tried to sign into the wifi. My coffee was now ready (almost 20min from when I arrived and only one other person got coffee in that time) and I asked for the wifi log in. I was told that they do not have wifi. As I handed my coffee back to the girls and asked for a to go cup, one came around the counter as I was packing my things and- I kid you not- said to me,

"If you have a second, I will explain why we don't have wifi. We want you to be in the moment when you are here"

I left, took my first sip of coffee, then walked into Lola bean. I asked the nice man there to throw away the over roasted battery acid I just tasted, and settled in with a good cup of coffee and got my work done. 

If the "moment" you are looking for is pretension, poor service and horrible coffee- this is the place for you. But it sure is a pretty space. Kudos to the designer.
I love you, I love you, I do! Probably my most favorite coffee shop ever! The vibe is calm and cute. The coffee... I'm obsessed. Fresh pastries, hot food, and bread. Perfect for breakfast/brunch. You can also buy fresh coffee beans to go so you can make your favorite coffee at home. 

My reviews can be long but I'm going to keep this short and sweet. I LOVE la Colombe and you should too!
Wow, this new location is beautiful!

I've always been a fan of La Colombe.  They are a Philly business through and through and this location adds to their empire nicely and with lots of style.

The interior mural is just really cool as it the whole feel of the place.  They've got a full on bakery going in the back, they have rum tasting, a few beers and oh of course, their wonderful coffee.

I grabbed the Ardi and it was delicious, so delicious I brought a bag home and I'm drinking through it now.

This place is solid, very very solid.
If I could have wolf-whistled when I walked into La Colombe's newly completed space on Frankford Ave today, I would have. It's absolutely gorgeous and evident that a lot of thought went into every little detail of this café-distillery. 

We were too early for the larger plates so we opted for some cheddar and prosciutto scones and cups of the house blend, my favorite. There are also fancier pour-over options available. The baked goods all looked great (the scone was delicious) but I'm looking forward to trying some of the other menu items next time. 

Most exciting of all is the rum distillery. I cannot wait to go back for some sampling of the house hooch!
One of those reviews I've been pretty much been torn on doing for awhile!

Ultimately my overall opinion of La Colombe (https://www.yelp.com/biz/la-colombe-coffee-philadelphia-3) hasn't really changed all that much with the opening of this flagship location. Especially when it opening here more or less gave an independent coffeehouse that used to sell their products in the neighborhood no choice but to close down for good (https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-lola-bean-philadelphia).

But when one of the largest and most pristine coffeehouses that you ever did see opens up in a vibrant neighborhood spot; and features vices like beer, cocktails, and Steve "Espo" Powers murals on top of your regular cup of joe, sometimes you have to play devils advocate and give it a whirl! And even the people who harbor the most disdain for La Colombe like me have to admit that it's a coffeehouse paradise like no other once they enter.

Inside you'll find tables to sit and eat at with a group of friends or book club, barrel spots to sit and read alone, and plety of sections to catch up on some needed work. Whether you go to caffeinate with their coffees or impressive draft lattes, imbibe on boozy items like cocktails with their Different Drum Rum, or Tandem beer that they did with Conshohocken Brewing Co; or savor some impeccable salads, sandwiches, and desserts, you'l find it here and then some! Or you can show up to purchase their bags of their coffee/bottles of their booze, take part in some educational coffee workshops, or grab a tour of their operations.
This is a love letter to our coffee roasting/shipping friends at La Colombe. We have a long-standing subscription to have their coffee beans delivered to our house in FL. If I lived near their coffeehouse my face would be on a Have You Seen Me poster at home.

Years ago my late husband read about La Colombe online and suggested we try their coffee. The reason is the coffee is very rich but low in acid so there's no heartburn along with your strong cup of coffee.

We tried it and loved it. Shortly after, I created an order for subscription - Corsica "dark chocolate, rich, beloved", Monaco "chocolate, current, refined" and Savoia (recently retired) "cocoa, earthy, lasting taste". Yeah, they live up to their descriptions. They're all "dark - full bodied, chocolately, roasty" and I'm drinking some right now!

We love their coffee so much that we're actually giving Dunkin Donuts and Starbucks gift cards to a friend because we'd rather drink La Colombe coffee from home. Here's the recipe for the best cup of coffee you'll likely ever make at home:

Blend:

Perignotti cocoa (unsweetened Italian cocoa, helps reduce blood pressure)
Sri Lankin cinnamon (this type helps regulate blood sugar)
Ginger powder (anti-inflammatory)
Ground vanilla beans (NOT empty pods, expensive but flavorful so you need only a little) 

Pour a spoon into your morning coffee, with some Mini-Moo creamer (room temp so as not to disrupt the temp of your coffee) and a shot of sugar-free Torani chocolate syrup. Close your eyes and pretend you're doing laps in the pool of coffee in your cup. Ah. Yes.

The people at La Colombe are very friendly and helpful. Years ago, after my husband died, I emailed them to reduce the order quantity. Gus helped me and was so thoughtful and kind. Fast forward to about 2 years ago when I contacted them to increase the amount of coffee - I'd met my current husband and he was drinking the coffee as fast as me! Easy peasy. Then after we married, I called them to thank Gus for his compassion and the woman I spoke with told me that Gus worked there, in another capacity and agreed that he was a sweetheart. She said she'd send him my regards. So they're more than coffee and they're more than nice.

Time for a refill...hope you love your coffee this morning as much as I'm loving mine...
Wow. This is a beautiful space.  Although there are many modern touches, they blend flawlessly with the old, original building. The skylights add lovely ambiance, as does the mural adorning one section of brick wall. The tanks (that I assume are distilling La Colombe rum) are visible behind huge glass windows.  There is plenty of seating, both at tables and some lounge style chairs. Overall the ambiance is fantastic. Oh, the wood fired oven was beautiful!

Of course the coffee was fantastic. They have a selection of coffees to pick from, and even offer pour over!  We went early, so there was only pastry to pick from, but the muffin and the biscuit were great (although can I suggest offering a savory vegetarian option too?).   Sandwiches and such aren't served til after 11, so we will return for lunch soon.  
Edit:  I have since returned. The food is fantastic, the rum (on the rocks with a twist of orange peel) is smooth and the breads are dreamy. 

The employees were all friendly and service was nice. Man, there sure were a lot of employees hustling and bustling about. I'm sure this venue is going to be successful and I'm looking forward to seeing what goes on here in the future. It would be a great place to hold coffee inspired lectures and tastings [hint hint:)]
 
You can also purchase bagged coffee, (soon) their rum, coffee brewing items and tees.

No WiFi but I, personally, like that they don't.  Enjoy a conversation or read a book instead of immersing yourself in an electronic device.
I'm a fan. If for nothing but the amazing baguette and the ham and butter that makes it a perfect sandwich. The vibe and building were awesome too. 

But what's with the service? No numbers on our orders? A mass stands and waits for their drinks and food around a counter, and a random person yells out "ham and butter," and of course half a dozen of us have ordered that, so what are we supposed to do? The assertive extroverts win again (I'm one of those, but still had to wait longer than I wanted!). Moreover, my friend's drink was forgotten about. And another reported to me it took a longer time to get his coffee than it would have if he rode his bike home and made his own cup.

Very cool spot with high quality food, but please, get it together!
I created a yelp account so I can say this:

Rude. Rude. Rude. Don't expect friendliness or good service here.  I will happily spend my money elsewhere.
December 4,2017 visit. 
Loving La Colombe coffee as I do it's a shock it took me this long to get here. 
Even more embarrassing is the fact that I only came here to meet locals who are daily patrons. 
I opened the door and I felt like I was walking "into the light". 
Site of 3 former wharehouses this space has been beautifully transformed into a coffeehouse, A coffee lab and other ventures. The place is huge and yet very comfortable. 
I didn't get a chance to eat but my peppermint tea was fantastic and served  to me by very pleasant staff. In fact everybody behind the counter seem to love their job. Lingering after my acquaintances left, over a perfect cup of tea for about 30 minutes, i never felt pressured to leave. When I did,A pleasant "Goodbye"  came my way as I left. 

Can't wait to go back.
I went here for the first time and expected greatness. The second you step in you feel as if you're in a legit cafe, and therefore gain high expectations. However, I was disappointed, and would've most likely felt the same even without any expectations. 

I'm an avid coffee drinker and drink it mostly in black.. So I'm able to tolerate quite a bit of bitterness. However, the mocha latte I got was unbearably dry and bitter--I couldn't taste anything else. 

I feel as if they try to make up for their bad coffee and mediocre food with their gorgeous interior, but it was a really disappointing experience overall. 

Their menu, coffee, and service (standing and waiting in front of the counter for a coffee for TEN+ minutes), for lack of a better word, sucked.
I came here with 2 girlfriends for lunch during a random day off during the week in the summer.  I knew of La Colombe coffee and wasn't expecting much in terms of food.  BOY, I was wrong!! Lunch blew me away!

We shared (#theonlyway) 3 separate dishes - the B.E.L.T, the French Dip, and the Quinoa Salad.  I voted salad, since I was trying to eat lighter in this heat, but oh man I am SO glad that we got that BELT!  It was AMAZING. Served on thick slices of challah toast (and with bacon aioli too!), it was heaven.  The french dip was AWESOMESAUCE, but I always fall in love with that when it's on the menu.  The salad was light, fresh, and so yummy! Obviously, the coffee was amazing - I had the black & tan, and it spoke for itself - so yummy!

The space itself though, is really remarkable.  Had a very NYC-coworking-space vibe with graffiti-spray-paint-art on the walls, super high ceilings, and windows into their brewing and rum-making (YES, you heard me right!) area.  It's also a MASSIVE space for any city - I could see myself posting up here for a couple hours if I had to work from home one day!  The only problem, is I would probably drink too much coffee to sit still for very long...
I love the aesthetics, location, baked goods and lunch items. The kale caesar salad is delicious, as is the roasted tomato ricotta ciabatta sandwich. However, every time that I've come to enjoy the delicious food, there has been no seating to enjoy the items ordered... even on weekdays. Customers camp out (even though there is no wifi) and don't know how to share tables. Its called COMMUNAL SEATING for a reason. Grumpy hipsters give me the side eye when I slide into a chair at their table. It doesn't matter that there's only 2 of them and the table is large enough for 8 people. Learn to share, please. Also, don't sit at a table for 4 hours drinking a $3 coffee.
UPDATE: come here for brunch - get the French toast - it's the best I've ever had. It's thick, soft, buttery; everything my French toast dreams are made of. I also tried the Croque Madame, and it was equally incredible. The service is quick, and the food is delicious. It's a crazy good value for a casual brunch. 

Per usual, the staff is amazing and the draft latte is still the most amazing creation. 

I'm in LAAAVE with LA COLOMBE.
I've been dying to go to this location for about a month and half now, so I am ecstatic to say that I made it in about a week after it opened. This location serves beer and wine, in addition to having a rum distillery (and of course sells the rum). Get the Tandem ale, which is an amber ale made in collaboration with Conshohocken Brewing Company. You won't be disappointed.

I had the bread salad and a hand-poured cup of their Panama coffee. The coffee is served in hand-painted cups and was of course high quality (fragrant, complex, and delicious are a few words that come to mind). The bread salad was out of this world and came with about half of a roast chicken on top. The bread was also clearly from the on-site bakery and was coated in an amazing dressing.

The huge space ensures that everyone can find a seat, and although the food is a bit pricier than you would expect from a coffeehouse, you have to remember they have a full menu (as opposed to lighter options at other shops).

Just go here. And do it quick before everyone else realizes that it's here and swarms the place.
When I walk into this place, I feel like I am walking into a tourist trap. Hence the 2 star review. I feel like this "coffee shop" is set to attract a certain type of person, which I am definitely not (which may be the point). It's definitely not what I think of when I think of a coffee shop. A better term here would be "coffee bar" or "coffee themed restaurant".

Now don't get me wrong- I know plenty of people that love this place to death, I'm just not one of those people. I think it's appeal is lost on me.

Anyway- everything here is expensive. The food is small for even coffee shop portions (think Starbucks-esque, although Starbucks really isn't a coffee shop to me), the taste of the food and drinks is pretty mediocre, and the customer service can be pretty standoffish / leaves something to be desired. There is no wifi- which I wouldn't mind if the food and drinks were great. That's how other coffee shops get away with no wifi- they have other draws and perks! 

Basically, I feel like walking in here means you are going to be paying for the 'experience' and feel of the place. Not for the taste, but for the perfect Instagram shot that you will have to use data for because they don't have wifi.
I was a little harsh with my original 3 star review. While its true that its still hard to find seating during peak hours, the happy hour far outweighs the small negatives. Half price drafts and half price cocktails featuring Different Drum Rum. This means $2.50 beers and $3 sangrias. Best kept secret... until now. Friday and Saturday nights try the brick oven pizza. You're welcome.
Gorgeous and delicious are understatements. La Colombe's first location to serve actual food (not just pastries and biscotti) gives me hope that they will open up other locations in other cities. (*hint hint* San Francisco please!) Speaking with one of the food runners, this is apparently La Colombe's new flagship and headquarters (since they're based in Philly). Hence why this is a behemoth of a location (and I say that in a good way). As soon as you walk in, you'll notice incredibly high ceilings, cute vintage lighting, and a bounty of pastries, bread (you can order half or full orders of bread), and display sandwiches. They also freshly prepare salads, tartines, boards, and skillets (which looked amazing, but seemed a bit too heavy for a weekday meal). Basically, this is more like a restaurant -- you order food up front, they give you a number, and they bring it to you.

Of course, their star attraction is the coffee. La Colombe's single origins and blends are mighty tasty. I ordered an early grey tea to be iced and that was incredibly smooth yet still herbaceous and heady. It was naturally sweet in some ways... so delicious on its own I didn't even add sugar (which I usually do!). 

Now, I took the subway from Center City so I could EAT. And eat, I did! I ordered the porchetta sandwich. And, my gawd, I wanted to delay my flight back home so I could return here for dinner. Sigh. Oh well. It was delicious while it lasted. Piled onto a fresh piece of baguette was the meat covered in roasted peppers (so Philly!) and sharp provolone. That was probably the wisest $10 I've spent on the entire trip. I especially loved every bite where I could taste the fat from the meat and the natural roasting oils absorbed in the bread. It was so heavenly. 

As mentioned, this location is their flagship so you can imagine this store to be incredibly handsome in regards to its interior. It is "industrial chic" (if you wanna call it that): modern, sleek, simple, and romantically urban. There is plenty of seating. I will say, however, that like all (I believe) La Colombe locations, there is no wifi and limited electrical outlets. They probably think it's distasteful to stay in a store all day working on something and not clearing up room for patrons (which I get to a certain extent). That said, come here to read a book/magazine or catch up with a friend. Don't plan to study for your final or finish up that complicated report for work. I suspect the no wifi and limited electrical outlets is intentional so one can engage with the world and not just zone out on the computer.

I used to be somewhat wary of La Colombe because their stores often felt uncomfortable and uninviting (I'm thinking especially of the locations in Chicago), but this Philly location changes my opinion. La Colombe: if you continue to build stores like this (with attention to comfort AND with the ability to serve quality food [not just coffee]), you'll probably have even more loyal followers.
La Colombe's Flagship location in Fishtown is a nice combination of their classic great tasting coffee with a very impressive interior and its own microbrewery. This location appears to be a restored warehouse with a wood beam vaulted ceiling and an exposed brick wall with coffee-themed graffiti. The coffee is the same as I fell in love with years ago at their Rittenhouse shop. This location expands upon their coffee heritage with a full kitchen and bar. The food is solid but nothing to write home about. Strangely, the coffee shop doesn't have WiFi which makes me drop 1 star from my rating. Overall, it's a very cool coffee shop with an impressive interior and a more extensive menu than their other locations.
We cannot get enough of the flagship location of La Colombe.   The Fishtown location manages to straddle the grand and the cozy, which is no mean feat, and we could not be more thrilled to see La Colombe among the anchors of this gentrifying area.  We are continually impressed with Mr. Carmichael's vision and commitment to his causes, whether the environment (sustainable coffees) or creating opportunities for the less fortunate (Haitian Coffee Academy), which also compels us to return, again and again.  

Importantly, La Colombe's newest coffee innovation, the draft latte, is available here.   We are addicted to its rich, slightly sweet frothiness.   So smitten are we that we earnestly desire have our own draft latte tap in our new kitchen.   

Here, one can enjoy gorgeous hot food, sandwiches or full meals along with the most superb coffee on the planet.    Happily, La Colombe's delicious breakfast classics--sugared brioche pouf, pain au chocolat and scones--are also available.   And this location has a proper boulangerie, offering various baked on-site breads (including the generally elusive brioche "loaf").  

The single most visually arresting feature of this location is the ginormous copper still.   It is a sight to behold (and reminds us of a Rube Goldberg apparatus).   There La Colombe's Different Drum Rum is distilled.   Indeed, as soon as we learned about Drum Rum, we dashed here for our first bottle;  it is now also available in a state store near you.    

Note to the management:   We understand that La Colombe plans to add 100 locations in the next year or so.   Please put Lower Bucks County or Eastern Montgomery County on your "to do" list.   Sadly, outside of the Carversville General Store, we have found no one in Bucks County who serves your coffee, and we need great coffee when we are outside of the City.   We are an under-served community.  Thanks.
This was my third time coming here and I have no complaints either time. My brother who's a yelp elite was raving about this coffee shop and has been checking in here a lot on yelp. So the very first time I had gone- I went with him. It was so crowded and it made me a bit overwhelmed cause of the crowds and not much space to move. 

The first time I came I got an iced coffee and it packed a punch! The coffee here is so strong! But it tastes more real compared to dunkin where I usually get my iced coffee. The beans just tasted differently like more fresh- idk honestly what it is but their coffee is amazing! 

The next time couple times I came there wasn't as much of a crowd so I was good waiting in line. I got iced coffee again and a banana nut bread! Wow oh wow talk about tasty! I sat down with my brothers family who visited from SC and we had a long table in the back. I hadn't realized how huge this location is- there's so many seats in the back and it seemed to thin out the people and crowd that forms in the front. 

I really enjoy this coffee shop and would be coming back again!
This place was super cool and I love the atmosphere! The ceilings are high and there is plenty of space to bring all your friends in for a breakfast meeting.  I got the grits, they were good, but I would have liked a mushroom option to put on top instead of tomato. I had a bite of the french toast and OMG was it delicious.  I'm definitely getting that next time.  The coffee here is top notch, and miles ahead of Starbucks.  Also, they have free sparkling water that they offer you in real glass cups.  If this isn't heaven, I really don't know what is.
I really like the vibe of this place, it's very laid back despite being very bustling and spacious.  During my visit, I grabbed an iced mocha and a whoopie pie, and they were both pretty solid.  I also like that they offer both regular and sparkling water to patrons. 

Overall, La Colombe Coffee is just a dope place to grab a coffee or a pastry, connect to the wi-fi, and just hang out.  I have my eyes on their Artisan pizzas for my next visit.
Stopped in here to do some work and checked this place out since my friend lived nearby.  So the unique thing about this coffee shop is that it has no wifi, this could be a good or bad thing depending on how you look at it.  They want to promote conversations; however, with access to a cellphone, I've seen people just staring at their phone rather than having conversations.  Well, either way, it's a good idea.  

Once you step in, this is seriously a huge coffee shop with high ceilings and a lot of open space.  The back room was where I sat, facing a huge brew type giant machine and behind me was a bunch of wooden barrels (love the decor).  They serve bakery and lunch as well as coffee and specialty coffee.  There are some standing tables, picnic style bench top tables, and regular seats and tables as well.  

It was practically a full house on a saturday afternoon.  This place is definitely good for hangout and catching up with friends for a good chat.  However as for doing some work, not so much since there are no wifi (unless you just read or do work off the network) but either way, it's too loud and too big of a place to try to get anything done with all the distractions going on.  I only tried that hot coffee, which wasn't too bad, would definitely want to try some cappuccino next time I stop in and maybe their lunch because it does look really good.
I went here to get coffee and that was excellent but then I got a little hungry and decided to order a blueberry muffin and that's where things started to go downhill....I bit into the muffin to find no blueberries! I continued to eat the muffin and to my dismay I found one measly blueberry in my final bite. I do not recommend the blueberry muffin.
I really really REALLY want to like this place, but every single time they give me a reason to walk out grumbling and thinking I should have just gone to McDonalds for a cup of coffee and nicer people.

Anytime I go there something goes wrong. I'm almost always given the wrong drink or food, the manager is just miserable and seems to not know how to do her job and train at the same time, and her abrupt mannerisms and team coaching usually comes at the expense of the customer.

One night I was on a date and they made our alcoholic drinks wrong 4 times. Granted, they were nice enough to give us the drinks for free-but we only wanted one drink each-not 4! Needless to say that ended up being an unwanted tipsy night but I guess I should thank La Colombe for for getting some drunk action that early in the the evening!

Today-same manager. She's training, she's telling the coffee bar what they do wrong, she's on the register, she says I can't order breakfast a whopping 7 minutes early(I said that I understand it won't be started until 9am, I just wanted to order everything at once), my drink came out wrong, etc..

So, I drink my incorrect drink without complaining, then go up and reorder. BiscuitSSSSSS and Gravy(notice the plural on the menu). I also asked for no bacon.

My meal comes out and it's one biscuit with the bacon I didn't want. No biggie, I just pull the bacon off. The menu said it came with scallions but there wasn't a single fleck of green in the entire pan. Oh well. 
Well, they should have added in the description that ham was in the single biscuit. I pull that out and no big deal. Well, try getting your breakfast off the skillet. 1/2 was left over since I didn't feel like scraping for metal like fingernails on a chalkboard to pick at the most overpriced yet bland breakfast I've had ever since being at an IHOP in Russia. Ok, I was never at an IHOP in Russia but you get the idea.

Drinks are small and overpriced, but do contain an insane amount of caffeine. Basically they double the normal amount of espresso shots for every typical coffee drink.

The wifi situation. OK-I get that they want to kick it oldschool and say no wifi-but that still doesn't prevent a massive amount of laptops and douchey startup yuppie team player meeting that fill the room with smugness. Sorry-if that element is already there and you can't fight 80 macbook airs in a room, you might as well join them and just put in a simple convenience that will help mere mortals such as me who just want to drink coffee and work for a little bit.

That's about it. I'll still go but there's just so many other choices with less attitude, more wifi, and a little better food.
I'm rolling back my review by one star. Now that they have been open almost 6 months, you would think they would have figured out how to efficiently handle the queue of customers near the register. Unfortunately they haven't. People still mill about wondering where you order. Do you order food from the employee behind the baked goods counter, or the one starting off into space near the pour-overs? Do you order food and coffee at the same time? And where? At the register? Still not clear after all this time. Also it is a crapshoot that they will even have food when you get there. Officially the kitchen closes at 4PM, but I have gone there as early as 1PM and told they were out of ham and butter as well as chicken salad. Come on! It's still lunchtime. These annoying experiences will be LaColombe's undoing.
Just visited the new Fishtown location. I have been drinking La Colombe coffee for more than a year. Love it. The new location is very cool. Disappointed that the kitchen closed at 4pm and there is no mention on the website. Also disappointed that they only have the one (1) medium size of coffee. I will continue to drink the coffee, but I will go to the Milkcrate Cafe down the street where I can get a large La Colombe coffee and hot food until they close. Disappointed, but I wish them the best of luck! I may go back to try the food one day and I will update my review.
Meh.  It's really cool inside, but pricey and the coffee isn't my thing.  Food is okay.  But I'd rather frequent the older 'mom & pop' coffee shop two doors down.
Pro's:
- Absolutely beautiful inside
- Hazelnut fig bread is chock full of figs and hazelnuts - delicious!
- Could not have asked for a fresher cup of coffee

Cons:
- People come and hang out for a very long time, on more than one Saturday I have waited around for over 30 mins to get a seat before giving up, and even people with nothing in front of them just stay seated reading or talking with friends which is so rude when there are so many people in line who want to eat or drink "in" and must take their items to go b/c people want to lounge here for hours at a time. You actually see people all the time just wandering around inside looking to sit down with their stuff yet no one moves. I don't know how, but this place needs to find a way to put some kind of limit on how long you can sit at a table. If your at the counter that's one thing I guess but come on folks, make room for others.

- The baristas have zero interest in being friendly, you are there and they could care less to smile or offer friendly suggestions, etc. They take your order and move on, no thank you, no have a nice day.  I get that hipsters are all tortured souls who generally want to discuss the terrible injustices of this world in their tight jeans, flannel shirts and boots but come on, your in retail - FAKE IT like the rest of us had to or get a job somehwere else but this is the fault of the mgmt team.

- the pastries, I have given this place a few chances now to wow me in the pastry dept but nope, hasn't happened.  I've tried their scones (dry and not flavorful), their muffins all have crumble on top, how about some variation??? 
 
- I know that La Colombe prides themself on legit good coffee but when you get into the latte and cappuccino realm please add flavored syrup to the mix as an option.  Plenty of organic coffee shops in the city make their own (Plenty on Passyunk as an example), even if you just offered vanilla which is nothing but vanilla beans steeped in simple syrup, people would be very appreciative, trust me.

- I have been in line plenty of times where people were confused about how to order their coffee, maybe something hung up would help them so that it's less confusing.
I called the draft latte a black and mild the cashier laughed at me sparkling water on tap
As if having the world's best coffee wasn't good enough, they have beer? And delicious food? I absolutely love it here and will sing the praises of La Colombe to anyone that will listen. 
By this point we all know the coffee is fabulous. But on a recent lunch date here I also found out the food kicks ass as well. In addition to my draft latte (perfection) I got a grilled cheese and tomato soup which was possibly the best I've ever had. My friend got the BELT sandwich which she thought was delicious as well. 
Oh and did you know, if you buy a box of coffee you get a free brew? The selection is amazing here and that must be the best deal in town. 
This location is particularly great because of all the ample seating. My friend and I sat for quite a while and caught up without feeling rushed at all.
While La Colombe is well known as a coffee spot, it definitely deserves a place as a lunch spot as well!
La Colombe is the preeminent cafe in Fishtown, perhaps the whole city. 

Gorgeous, flagship Fishtown location with 1000 foot ceilings and tons and tons of space to spread your wings.

Large communal tables or individual tables to suit your needs from small to large...

The best coffee Philadelphia has to offer from their signature Corsica blend to many Workshop blends to suit your tastes.

Of course they have full espresso options and also have a full bar featuring many locally sourced spirits from the likes of Blue Coat Gin and Stateside Vodka to fulfill your libation desires.

LaC also offers many tasty lunch, breas and pastry options too.  I've had there sandwiches many times featuring premium ingredients typically on French baguette bread for a crunchy experience. I've also had the cinnamon roll and their sweet cream cheese frosting that puts Cinnabun to shame. 

Only caveat is the lack of  free WiFi!
LaC is a traditional type establishment and encourages humans to talk and buy more coffee rather than sit alone and work all day. I can respect that but it's nice to have a hotspot from my phone :)
Besides, public WiFi is insecure and getting hacked is super easy so better this way anywho...

All in all, LaC has become a staple in Fishtown and the weekends are proof of their popularity and lines sometimes wind out of the door....yikes.

Other perks include free sparkling and still water 
Service is also very friendly and very hipster lol
That's a joke, this is Fishtown hehe
Pretty cool place!  very spacious and plenty of seating here.  I was very surprised to see that they served food (not just bakery)...if people are reading this and are like WTF...i'm not from philly...and where i'm from, there isn't a place like this.  So yeah...anyways...this place is located in Fishtown.  It seems like a really cool spot, but kind of far from downtown Philly.

Anyways...when i got here...there was a line of people....you order your food/beverage first and then you sit down.  I decided on french toast (theres an option of 2 or 3 toast) and a cold brew.  The cold brew was pretty good and strong!  the french toast was awesome!!  it tasted good with my coffee...prices were fairly reasonable...i kind of wished i got 3 toast.

Overall a great place! =)
I originally had come in here to grab a bite to eat, but little did I know that they stop serving food pretty early in the day (they me down easy). I left, stuffed my face, and came back for some coffee. It's huge on the inside. Rustic, industrial, hipstery feel. The menu is short and sweet. You won't find anything crazy for cafe drinks, which is cool with me. They also serve alcohol for those that enjoy it. I ordered a regular coffee. I've had their coffee elsewhere, so I already knew I loved it. It's bold and full of flavor. It's a poppin joint, which is why I guess they forgot my order. No biggie though. My only other qualm is that I wish they had bigger cups!
The snobification of coffee continues, along with pushy, impatient counter help.

You'll find all your 21st century coffee fetishes on offer here (what, no siphon!?) which is fine.  But all the baked goods I've had, from the brownies, to the lunch and breakfast sandwiches have been dry and underwhelming. 

Also, this: 

Me: "Do you guys have a wifi password?" 

Hipster employee: "Uhhh, we actually *DON'T* offer wifi here. Sorry." 

Me: [commence eye roll] 

I'm thinking, Dudes! Way to get on the too-cool-for-wifi train! You're about 8 years late to the show though, as the west coast was doing that before you could even grow your shitty hipster beard. If I wanted 'tude I'd go to Williamsburg or SF but, alas, Fishtown has finally grown into its acid washed overalls.  

Namaste.
Food is fabulous, layout of the customer service line is poor. Clearly front staff have not been trained: no eye contact, no acknowledgment, do know their own menu.
Risky business for the owner!
Great atmosphere and great coffee. I was hungry and I'm a huge fan of biscuits and gravy so I ordered that but it was too salty and not enough gravy. I've had some of the best biscuits and gravy that I keep as a barometer whenever I eat that so I'm a harsh critic. Give it a try though! The place is big and has lots of seating.
The coffee was ok but not the best Ive had in Philly. The service was really bad though, and the prices were too high. If you charge $4.00 for a cup of drip coffee it better be magical, it wasn't. The servers also seem more interested in being hip than in getting you what you are paying them good money to get you. Polite prompt service do not seem to be stressed here.
Overpriced coffee served to you in chic (read chipped) coffee mugs. Ordered a sandwich and a cup of coffee and it was $20.00, then had to stand to eat it cause their rocking chairs around  tables were taken. 

Hipster haven.
I love La Colombe coffee and I especially love this location! It's a huuge warehouse-y space with a ton of tables and a full bar and kitchen. 

Space: If you want to come work here on a weekday, it's pretty good. Plenty of people but enough space to not be jammed next to someone. Decent amount of outlets but NO WIFI. A buzz of talking and some medium-volume music but pretty easy to tune out or drown out with headphones. Beware of the weekends past 11AM though! It gets super crowded! You'll likely have to wait in a line that wraps around but it goes quickly enough that it's worth the wait. Finding a seat for 2 is tricky but doable; more than that, good luck. Clean bathrooms with a ton of stalls. 

Drinks/food: I love the regular draft latte and oat milk draft latte. Creamy like milkshakes. $4 is a tad high but it's nice for a weekend treat. Their regular coffee is great, too (add your own milk/sugar). They serve beer and cocktails after 5pm I think. The grilled cheese is almost too cheesy (I never thought I'd say that!!) but delicious. The biscuits and gravy are soo good but soo heavy; be prepared for a coma. 

Service: Pretty friendly and consistently quick.
Oh man, great coffee, cool sitting areas, and a great variety of foods too? What more can I ask for? You know they're proud of their coffee - they have all you need. Different espresso drinks, various coffees, your own drip style if needed, draft latte, teas... Everything you need is there. Not to mention, they have nice snacks and meals. Pastries, scones, baked goods galore. 

At my first stop, I got a draft latte and my friend got a beautiful, perfect cappuccino. My only wish was that they served their draft lattes in a medium other than a plastic cup; it was a bit frothy initially. They also have water taps where you have an option of still or sparking water for free. I've seen nothing like that ever and that's a testament to their resolve for a great experience for their customers. I loved it so much while I was here and can't wait to come back!
Pretty cool spot to pop by for a bite to eat or a fresh cup of brew. I had been familiar with their coffee (which was served in several local cafes), but hadn't had the occasion to come here yet. We ended up coming here on a Sunday for brunch after seeing that the wait for sit-down brunch spots with table service nearby were at least 1.5 hours!
Even though there was a small line for ordering, it was super fast and we were eating within no time! The menu is not the most extensive perhaps, but there were still quite a few options! I went with the bacon, eggs, and biscuits in gravy and definitely did NOT regret my choice as it was amazing! If you have a very large appetite, however, you might not be full after eating here as portions were quite small. 
Of course, I can't recommend more the coffee here as it is definitely tasty. Such a shame there's no free refills lol. You can get fresh water on tap, with or without carbonation.
Once you place your order, you take a number and seat yourself. Food is brought to your table, but coffee and drinks will be served at the counter top for you to grab.
The atmosphere here is clearly extra hipster, but really cool to look at and fun to just take in. The vibe is chill, and you'll find all kinds of people here. How do they not have free wifi here in 2016 though? Lol.
This was a gotta try..& my coffee buddy & I went.
It was good.Only thing coffee batch wasn't as strong as I preferred.
But my cast iron blueberry skillet cake was Great!!
Love this spot.
Return factor:
Definitely!!
It's an impressive space but I'm disappointed that they don't have a soy option for lattes and they don't have any vegan treats. There are also slim vegetarian options on the food menu.

The only non-milk option they offer is almond milk. I was told they don't offer soy "because people are concerned about the hormones." I think that's a weak response because people continue to eat plenty of soy products, it's all about moderation. Why not let the customer decide for themselves? 

Vegetarian/vegan options aside, it's an amazing space and the staff is super friendly. I love the Steve Powers mural inside. 

I wish I could whole-heartedly embrace this place, but the limited options leave me with reservations.
Places like this make Philly a world class city. Very hip. Cold brew on draft. Food is very good. Baked goods off the hook. Pretty moms with there kids and neighbors working on the computer. They have a distillery and make excellent rum. From the outside you would never know. If I lived around there I would stop every day.
We came to try the food, but were disappointed to find out that they were "between menus."  I don't really know that means. 

I like La Colombe's coffee, and I was very excited to try this trend of draught coffee (or at least in this case a draught latte).  The latte was thick, cold, and creamy.  I am interested in seeing how the draught system works for coffee without the use of cream.  There was also ice in the coffee, I think the texture of the drink would work better if served cold, without ice in the glass.

It is very spacious, lots of seating and some large tables.  Lots of wood.

The service was less than friendly, but efficient enough.
An absolutely beautiful space in Fishtown, La Colombe's flagship spot is definitely worth a visit. Alongside their signature coffee, espresso, and draft lattés, they also serve food and beer at this location. The store is massive, with plenty of space and natural light for whatever you need to get done. Although there's no wifi, if you have xfinity or optimum, you can connect to those networks here.

I've ordered almost every drink on their menu, and I've never been disappointed. La Colombe is a Philadelphia classic, and they never let me down. The food at this location is great too! My friend ordered a slice of the spinach mushroom pizza, and she said it was one of the best she ever had in the city.

Happy Hour specials run from 5-7 on weekdays: 1/2 off Different Drum Rum and draft beers.
LOVE this La Colombe location. It's huge and absolutely beautiful. Always bursting with stunning natural light, a great energy, and tons of delicious food & coffee/drink options.

The fresh baguettes always look to die for... must try some time.

I always stick with one of their classics (drip coffee, iced coffee, or an iced black/tan.)

Great service, great coffee.
I was turned onto La Colombe by an old friend that I had met my first summer in Philadelphia. And me, being the forgetful person I am, promptly forgot about it's existence until very recently.Honestly, if their coffee & food wasn't spectacular- I would visit this place for the vibes alone.

With their plan to take over Starbucks, La Colombe has an unbelievable coffee concoction that is poured FROM A KEG. It is called the Draft Latte, and it is the creamiest, lightest, and best thing you will ever taste in your life. If not, I will buy you tacos. This is a MUST TRY. I will rave to the end of all raves about this coffee.

In addition to the draft latte (which, I'll admit, I've only deviated from once or twice) I've tried the Pure Black and Tan which is also on tap. My  understanding is that it is a mix of the Draft Latte and Pure Black coffee. As for food, I've had the pumpkin scone (scones are wonderful things, not too sweet and perfect to dip in coffee. I don't understand why they have such a bad rap) and the egg/bacon sandwich. 

The egg/bacon sandwich is very delectable. And delectable isn't a word you see very often in food reviews, so let me explain. It is very rich. It has your basic eggs & bacon with a toss of arugula and this super rich, super good...hollandaise (?) sauce. I'm not sure if it's actually hollandaise, but it is very rich - almost to the point where you can't get all the way through the sandwich. I wouldn't recommend eating it around someone that you have intentions to kiss anything (#garlic). 

All the staff are super friendly and it makes you want to kick your everyday style and take on a new hipster look. There are locations all over Philadelphia (Rittenhouse, Old City, Fishtown) but not all of them will have the draft latte so check before hand. Oh, and this place ALSO has alcohol, how about that?

I'd recommend this place for: 
- Coffee Shop for studying (although gets crowded, get your spot quickly)
- Coffee 
​- A snack between meals (such as a nice scone or soup).
Great atmosphere with no loud music evading your workspace. Coffee and teas are greatly refined as well. No wifi though.
I just ate the best biscuit I have ever had on the east coast.  I love this place so much.
If you have the chance to stop by this specific La Colombe Coffee you need to take advantage of the opportunity.  In addition to their cafe beverages there is a full service menu for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, AND at night, they serve adult beverages as well!

This Philly location of La Colombe Coffee is on trend with the industrial hipster vibe, and when I was there I saw a wide array of clientele using the space from your stay at home yoga moms, to your young professionals holding meetings, as well as hipsters all on top of the birthday event that was going on in their entertainment space.

If you haven't been here before, even if you're a tourist for the day, take chance and stop by.  It definitely outranks the local Starbucks!
I really wish that I had found this place sooner.. 
I stopped by this place with a group of friends for an early brunch/coffee and walking in, the smell of fresh roasted coffee with lines of pour overs brewing to perfection... call me a little dramatic if you will, but really made me reminisce about my college/grad school times when I'd struggle to find a place to study..  (or pretend to for that matter).. 

This place is HUGE.. you walk in and you can't see the end, it's just as wide as deep with a variety of different types of seating: standard bench tables, high top tables, lounge chairs - depending on your mood (or availability?) seats are first come, first serve. 

We came on a Saturday morning and it was quite busy/packed but we were fortunate enough to find a table in the back..

My wife and I ended up getting their bacon, egg, lettuce, and tomato sandwich as well as their french toast - both of which complemented each other very well (savory and sweet) and really were on point. 

This place definitely is a hidden gem in the area, I wish I lived a lot closer here, this is the perfect place to spend a morning or afternoon, browsing and getting work done while enjoying a nice cup of coffee!
This was the best iced coffee i've ever had.  And i didn't think it was possible to find an iced coffee i loved even more than anything i've ever had.
So smooooooth.

Despite having already eaten a bagel sandwich down the street and thinking i was only going to have coffee here, i ended up ordering the tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwich.
I brought half the grilled cheese home for later of course, but the soup was delicious and the bread was perfectly grilled and crusty, with gooey cheese.  And not just that fake cheese with fake white bread, but a really nice heavy gooey cheese and crunchy rustic country loaf.
Fishtown is a trek for me from center city, but this place is definitely worth coming back to.
And i totally love entering the new world of fishtown, like a little mini portland/brooklyn feel... happy to see the neighborhood change from the dump it was 15 years ago
Specialty coffee should be getting more accessible - not the other way around but with the staff here, you'd think they discovered the pour over and you just walked in from another planet. 

The coffee is great, the space is a cathedral but the people? Pretentious and unhelpful.
Absolutely love the interior design. This place is huge, perfect for hanging out with a friend or for doing some work. Just remember they don't have wifi but there is xfinity if you have that! 

We ordered a macchiato and a latte, very amazing. We also got the pancake to share since we already had lunch. It was so delicious! It wasn't just a stack of pancakes but it came in a skillet pan,soaked in the perfect sauce and topped with tons of amazing toppings. (see pictures for details)
Extremely spacious spot with high ceilings, wooden tables, and seating in the back to watch people bake La colombe's goodies in the back. My boyfriend loved the corsica drip coffee here and he typically isn't a big coffee person. I took a sip of it myself and liked how it was strong but not acidic. My latte had pretty latte art and was very smooth to drink. 

I love their extensive menu that caters to a breakfast/brunch palate and includes a variety of baked goods. I had a coconut lemon scone and it was the perfect amount for me for breakfast. The bread flight is definitely made for 2+ people and the three types of bread were different enough and delicious all the same. The BLT sandwich my boyfriend had ordered was a little dense on the bread side, but was a brolic sandwich for lunch. There are plenty of La Colombe's in NYC, but I guess since rent is expensive in the city, they can't quite be as extravagant as the la colombe in philly :(.
We came here for brunch and it was AWESOME. It is definitely a yuppie spot, but it has a good ambiance and feels like a brewery-coffeehouse hybrid, which I understand it is. We arrived at around 11:30am on a Sunday and there was a 10 minute wait to order that moved fairly quickly for how long to line was. What we got:

- Grilled cheese and tomato soup - Soooo good. The house-baked bread was perfectly toasted and crunchy, and the cheese was melted to perfection, almost oozing out of the bread. The first bite of the sandwich dipped in the beautifully flavored tomato soup was phenomenal, as was every other bite after that.
- Biscuits and gravy - The presentation of the food in a car iron skillet was beautiful, and the gravy was hearty and flavorful. The fried eggs absolutely made the dish, and the bacon didn't hurt either - perfectly crisp without being burnt. The biscuits were warm, moist, and fluffy.
- Oat milk draft latte - Fantastic.
- Nizza Iced Latte - I could definitely taste the milk chocolate, but the brownie notes not so much. Still a good latte.

Lots of great brunch food, and delicious coffee to boot. I was not disappointed. Huh
Came here for late breakfast on a spur of the moment on my last day in Philly. I think I was really lucky to have my trip culminate in this meal. Ben Franklin's ghost must have guided me there. I did pay respects at his grave the day before.

I ordered the biscuits and gravy as well as a cup of drip coffee (Corsica). Everything - every little detail - from presentation to taste was flaw-free. It was The Best meal of any type of cuisine I have ever had and this is not an exaggeration. I love soft, mushy foods, and mixing the eggs, biscuits and bacon w/ gravy was just heavenly. The gravy tasted like nothing I'd had before - it wasn't repulsively thick or salty, nor did it look like a slop of shit-colored grime. I don't even like bacon but I gobbled up everything unreservedly. 

It was so good it made me genuinely happy, like my serotonin-level-shot-up kind of happy.
So good I stared into the pan after I wiped it clean wishfully thinking more would materialize out of thin air.
So good I would come back to Philly just to come here again. 
So good I could eat it for breakfast lunch and dinner. All in the same day. With my hands. 
So good I'm naming it my Last Meal on Earth on my yelp profile. 
So good I'm still thinking about it now, over 24 hours since I ate it.

Enough raving about this dish (in this review anyway). 

Service: staff were courteous, helpful, considerate. The confused look on my face probably betrayed that it was my first time there, but the counter girl informed me that the cute numbered tin holding eating utensils was for the server to find me when my food was ready. Coffee and pastries are picked up on the bar after you order, but hot dishes are served at your table. My server also asked if I'd like hot sauce or salt/pepper, which came in these quaint shakers. 

Ambience: immensely spacious, well-lit, industrial decor. Lots of communal tables which are good for groups. I sat by the front but it looked like there was more seating in the back, past the distillery that I forgot to check out. There's also a little area by the entrance that displays their store products like coffee beans, t-shirts, etc. 

One thing I didn't understand about this place was the tipping policy. I belatedly realized I probably should've tipped at the cashier when I ordered because that's when I got my receipt? Or maybe I should've left the tip on the table? I didn't see my neighboring table doing that (or clearing their own table) so I was really unsure, which didn't actually hit me until I left because I was in such a blissful state.  I'm totally willing to after-tip though, if you accept PayPal.
By the far the most gorgeous coffee shop space I have ever set eyes on. This should be a coffee landmark and must-see for anyone passing through Philly. La Colombe serves solid quality coffee and espresso beverages and have branched out with this magnificent space that also serves a nice variety of pastries, sandwiches, and salads though I stuck with  my usual order: a perfect skim mocha (not too sweet thankfully).

Though it is a big space it was completely full and I was able to find a spot to open up my laptop with a little bit of patience. Sadly, there is no wifi. Service could be a hair friendlier but I am sensing this is the trend when it comes to La Colombe for me.
So...what is there to say that hasn't already been said? It's a brilliant space serving top quality coffee and delectable baked goods and other offerings.

What makes this place incredible? I'll start with the intangibles. There's an ambience, a mood that sets it apart from most coffee shops. It instills a feeling of community, diversity, and creativity. I mean, you walk into this place and you feel like you're part of a community that's incredibly diverse and the conversations happening around you, whether mundane or serious, spark my own mind and makes me presently aware of my self. 

Weird, that got weird. Basically if you want an aesthetic AF place to drink superb coffee, please stay here for several hours.
This place has a cool vibe, offers lots of seating and has tasty food. 

But it's a bit pricey considering all of the nearby competition. Despite the great decor, I still get a snooty vibe from the space as well as the staff. 

Cherry on top that will make this my last visit? No wifi. I get that you get faster turnover without offering wifi, but I was also planning on working hear for a few hours and figured I'd revisit the counter at least 2-3 times. 

You have enough appeal to stay in business, but not to keep long lasting customers.
oh hey Fishtown, nice coffee shop! this is the swankiest brew house I've seen since Four Barrel in SF with the single drip, cold brew, and standard coffee as well as espresso. And super super yummy baked goods-- I recommend that cheesy bacon bread thing or the super cocoa-y coffee chocolate scone. 

The space is HUGE and thankfully has no wifi or else no one would ever leave. Big barn wood tables and counters leave tons of room for groups. 

Oh, and they have almond milk. :)
Large, open air environment with plenty of place to sit. Very cool interior. Most importantly, the coffee is incredible. Had the Panama hand pour. Wow. So smooth. You can feel the vibrancy in every sip. Looking forward to coming back and trying the food as well as the rum once the distillery is up and running.
La Colombe, I love your cold brew so much. I lived in Italy for four months and thought about it everyday. This location is especially lovely because they have a large space and thicc & tasty french toast. Staff is super sweet and always helpful. Nice spot for brunch but parking can be a wild experience. Overall just love the atmosphere here and the fact that I can order food to go with my fav coffee.
This location is awesome, because they serve food in addition to their delicious coffee selection. I don't get to come here often, but when I do I absolutely enjoy their French Dip sandwich and Grilled Cheese.
Is it too early to say I'm in love? 

They say that when you hype something up, you're only setting yourself up for disappointment. I've spend months peeping into windows, creepily gazing past construction guys for a sneak peak of the space. On a chilly summer weekend, I struck up conversation with Todd Carmichael and his protege after they had opened the gates mid-construction, as if they opened the Pearly Gates of Fishtown, pumped to know that they were as excited about the place as I was. 

And finally, it was open. Last Monday, the world changed. I found home in a cup of coffee. Yes, I was that asshole that spent nearly 3 hours clutching cup after cup of black gold, reading some pretentious business-wisdom autobiography. And what a glorious 3 hours they were. By the time I got there, they had stopped serving hot food (a biproduct of gauging foot traffic, a server later informed me). Instead, I settled on a steamy mug of Corsica and a chicken liver board. I've always been a fan of La Colombe, frequenting their Rittenhouse location for years. But I was pleased to try their food. The liver was good and a healthy amount, served with housemade bread and fried shallots. I later had a cheese board which was equally good, comprised of 3 cheese, 4 condiments and 2 types of homemade bread. It was a fantastic snack. I followed up my 3 cups of coffee with a pint of the Conshohocken Ale which was quite hoppy and had layers of character. All in all, the edibles were satisfying. 

Now let's talk about atmosphere. They nailed Fishtown to a tee. Even the bathrooms were stunning. The copper stills, vaulted exposed beam ceilings, the witty graffiti, and ample open seating are exactly what the neighborhood needed for a young, funky yet clean space. The hours rival those of any nearby cafe and the music is pretty solid. There are some obvious growing pains, but they're a week in to their new existence and kicking ass. If I could pay rent to live in the still room, I would.
So it takes no enormous level of intelligence to know just the level of impact La Colombe has brought to Fishtown. With the opening of their "Home base" and arguably most ambitious space, it's clear that they are a force to be reckoned with. It's the coffee that people want but their are so many other treats to be tried -- various pastries, sandwiches and the like all aim to please and in our opinion, they do. Our biggest pleasure taken from La Colombe is their fresh baked breads -- it's nice to score a lot that is more reminiscent of the bread we know from our North Jersey home as opposed the the flaccid loaves you can pick up at the local Super Fresh.

Happy to have these guys as neighbors!
The staff is friendly and their coffee is excellent ,it's kind of place that u want to hang out and relax enjoying your Sunday morning with nice strong espresso to start your day
Let me start by saying how much I love La Colombe coffee. It's definitely my favorite coffee in the area & I would go out of my way to get first thing in the morning. I was very excited for the brewery to open up in my neighborhood and checked it out on one of the first few days it opened which is why I gave it the benefit of the doubt.

My first experience there was a bit crazy and I waited in line, which was wrapped around the store, for a long time to get my coffee & pumpkin scone (which was to die for). There were a lot of people behind the counter and everyone was kind of frantic which was bound to happen during the grand opening of a sought after business. 

On multiple occasions, after my first experience, nothing has changed. With an order of something so simple as my usual iced coffee (which, at La Colombe, has a shot of espresso in it) shouldn't take 20 minutes. On many occasions, I've stood there waiting for my coffee while the 5 people behind the counter socialize and don't communicate with their coworkers to prepare drinks. After ordering my simple drink, many people who ordered after me had already received their lattes, macchiatos, food, whatever.  I've even contemplated reaching over the counter to grab my drink that had been sitting there, sans espresso shot, just to GTFO of there. For some reason I keep going back and getting pissed off over the whole experience. It's a damn fine cup of coffee, I guess.
I sampled the coffee here on a recent trip into town. Let me tell you a few things you probably heard from everyone else already. 

No question, this room is incredible. Kudos for building something unique. 

I love the coffee here. It just hits my tastebuds right. I'm a fan. 

Now... A couple of nitpicky things if you will. 

No wifi is a huge miss here. Perhaps it is logistically impossible in a huge room like this. I don't know. But I've been spoiled by Starbucks as well as other local coffee houses. I expect wifi at these types of places. I'm certain I'm not the only one. 

Also, the seating isn't comfortable to me. Not for nothing but I'm a big guy. I wanted to sit in one of the corner benches. Then I found out the tables were bolted to the ground. Thankfully I fit, but I wasn't as comfortable as I wanted to be. 

It seems to me that the people who designed this location put all their effort into looks and didn't consider comforts that many customers have come to expect from a coffee house experience. 

Or maybe it's me.
Nice coffee shop in a up and coming area.  The lines was long but moved quickly so we got to the register within minutes. I ordered a latte,macaroon and red velvet whoopie pie.  The coffee and macaroon were excellent but the whoopie pie was only so so.  I will definitely visit again-next time trying their food.
Drive all the way from jersey and they closed early at 5 instead of the posted time of 7pm. Highly disappointed.
I decided to come back here again with a friend of mine.  We ordered the biscuit and gravy.  I was  truly disappointed in the dish.  It did not taste exactly like the way i've remembered it the first time I had it.  It lacks flavor.
Excellent in flavor, presentation, and space. Critical foodies and interior designers will approve. Will return as much as I can!
This location is where you want to go if you want to show off Philly. I love how spacious it is and it invites you to grab a friend, have some cappuccinos and croissants. I love their cold brews too!
My daughter and I headed over to the new La Colombe HQ on a Sunday Afternoon. The new store is right on Frankford Ave in Fishtown.

This La Colombe is a lot different then the two Center City locations. First, the building is large, bright and open. There is plentiful seating and this location serves a decent variety of food. Customers order their food at the bar/register, there is not a waiter/waitress which is fine. They do have a menu of the food items and the sweets are on display also. This La Colombe, as with the other Philly locations, does not have a menu for coffee. They have all the basics but they don't have the flavored coffees and syrups, which in my opinion is a good thing. La Colombe coffee is fine how it is. They do have a take on Vietnamese Ice Coffee which I was unaware. This was excellent without being overly sweet. The rich coffee taste really came through. Hot coffee for dine-in is served in a ceramic cup and saucer.

I highly recommend any La Colombe. Their coffee is great and they are a local company to boot. Watch Dangerous Grounds on the travel channel to get an idea how La Colombe feels about their coffee. The show is pretty cool.
The draft chai tea oat milk latte was amazing. I walked in for a 12 pack of draft oatmilk cans and left with the lightest, tastiest chai I could have asked for. Although it's so bubbly that you drink it in about 3.5 seconds, would still give it 4 stars. Worthit
The food came out surprisingly quick but just wasn't what it could have been. Being from the south, I was so excited to have biscuits and gravy and it definitely wasn't what I'm used to. The bacon felt like it had been made a while ago and just plopped on top. 
Still some good flavors but nothing surprising here.
Their flagship store is absolutely beautiful!! The large open spaced modern/rustic floor plan makes it feel spacious even )when there are a lot of customers). The coffee is my favorite in the city (Elixer is a close second) and the food is consistently fantastic! 

I normally go with a regular Corsica drip coffee but when I'm feeling fancy I'll get a draft latte- a creamy and sweet coffee drink that I can't help but devour in two seconds flat.
My iced coffee and scone were amazing but that only goes so far. Everyone that worked there was cold and inhospitable, I asked the cashier how her morning was and she just stared at me blankly waiting for my order. Great food is nothing without great service.
Still grab and go only.  Masks required to enter.  They discontinued their rum distillery. Still great coffee.
Can you say overwhelmed?! 

As a coffee fan I was a bit in awe of the size of this place. 

It's a coffee shop but, on steroids. 

From artisan buns and rolls to coffees and lattes, LA Colombe has a little something for everyone. 

My only suggestion would be for anyone on their first visit, you should stroll up to the counter and take a menu prior to getting in line.  It explains their sizing and flavors so that you aren't looking stuck when it's time to order. 

Drink up!
The infamous La Colombe, Frankford Ave...I want to give this barn like palace five stars but I just can't. Let's talk about the good stuff first... 

The artsy Fishtown location feels dominating and towering inside, like a large night club, but guess what? It works phenomenally for coffee and spirits! It's a breath of fresh air, compared to the average miniature coffee shop. 

After eating a chocolate chip muffin I decided to rob the place. I went to the counter and said, "Put all the pastries in my bag", "and put whatever doesn't fit, in your organic cardboard boxes". They stared. I frowned. Back to my seat. Yes, they are that good. 

I'm always impressed by the coffee selections, they live up to the unique descriptions. The fact that you can also get coffee been brewed beer adds a bit of fun and creativity to the menu. 

Feel free to skate around this palace and gauk at shiney espresso machines and beefy beer distillation machines... fancy-shmancy glam. You will find yourself surrounded by gigantic wooden doors, and bakers-a-bakin, I feel like I'm watching an Amish farm operate sometimes. It's very interesting. 

So far, so gooood... but then, disaster strikes.... 

LA COLOMBE HATES WHIPPED CREAM... 
 
They don't have this heavenly coffee balancing foam anywhere in the vaccinity. I thought to myself, are they a cult? What's going on!? I had to double check my surroundings, as I tripped over a little bit, I had to make sure I wasn't accidentally inducted in. I almost cried when I discovered this. I begged them for an alternative. Creme fresh? I don't know.. You can't mess with one of the best things to happen to my mouth since, ever. You might be the new coffee mob boss on the block, Godfather Colombe, but you can't mess with the Diety of the whipped! You're a whipped cream athiest. But I still accept you.. 

Ok, so I'll forgive you (cringing) for that. But should I get over the fact that your baristas seem like they are best friends Juno? I'm not the only one who feels like this btw. Every time I visit I feel like I'm being taken care of by a mr. or mrs. hipster neutrality. I noticed some batistas smile, but no one seems that cheerful. Maybe they need some whipped cream? But overall all the workers seem cool and smart! The waiters are the nicest of the bunch. The solution for more smiles= whipped cream. 

The seating looks great, and most of it is designed comfortably (even though you will only find solid wood for your tush..) but I miss a comfy couch or chair to study on. Comfort is half the reason I visit a coffee shop. It's still here. The rocking chair area is very comfy. Just no padding for the tush... The Amish nod. Did the owner grow up sleeping on a wooden bed? 

Honestly La Colombe is half in the 3 star zone, but makes up for it by going overboard into the 5 star zone, with great coffee and more. So that puts us at 4 stars. It's a mixed feeling kind of place, a fancy palace to take your out of town friends. It's already filled with touristy flockers. It's exciting but different. 

Thanks for the great coffee.
Dope af vibe. One of my favorite coffee shops in the city. It's just cool. 

It's industrial, hip, local, coffee shop vibes. They have lots of seating areas and a private work room in the back which you can reserve (might try a work party there sometime soon). 

They serve beer and cocktails which is dope plus they have a pretty expansive food menu. 

The coffee as you can imagine is good but it's all the rest that makes this place standout
The interior, decor, and ambience alone should make this place five stars.  As opposed to starbucks, where I feel like I might have a seizure at any given moment, this place is spacious, hipsterly opulent, aesthetically pleasing.  Wifi would make it the perfect place to get work done, but consequently, might lead to the work-at-homes to move in permanently.  Even still, this is definitely going to be a place I go to grab a cup and enjoy with good friends.

I was underwhelmed with the espresso that I ordered.  It was made promptly, and likely would be pleasing to those with less underdeveloped palates like mine.  I, however, have to call a spade a spade, and note that it was more vinegarry-sour than bitter.  I imagine I probably should try to order something more straightforwards next time, and not the most exotic espresso I could find on the menu.  I did try a bit of my gf's iced drink, which was delicious.  Had I not just ordered food down the street, I definitely would've tried some of the cuisine they had out.  Was definitely intrigued.

Want to complain about the pricing, but it's comparable to other crappy chains, and so in the end, it's not overpriced... Just hard to convince myself to spend the money when I have nice beans at home.
I love coffee. I will throw down a skinny mocha like no ones business. When I walked into La Columbe I almost considered moving to Fishtown to take advantage of this place. Large variety of barista favs, beautiful decor, cool urban vibe, and delicious pastries. Did I mention they have alcohol to mix in if needed? It's a must or bust in Philly.
OK so I can't believe this hasn't been added to Yelp yet.  I heard this new beautiful space just officially opened a few days earlier and decided to try it out for lunch with a friend.  

First off, the space is incredible.  La Colombe has got the aesthetics down. BINGO.
Even the men's room is more stylish than most restaurants around *see photo.  

The lunch was good.  I chose the Porchetta sandwich and it was wonderful.  Their baked bread on the premises has a great affect on the menu.  My friend's tomato and ricotta sandwich was on a beautiful sourdough roll that was light and puffy and just the right amount of chewy.  She noted, however, that the filling (very tasty tomato and ricotta) was about half as generous as the one on display, which seduced her into that lunch choice while in line.

Mentioning lines, it wasn't surprising that the lunch crowd had a long line.  It did seem to move pretty quickly and hopefully more smoothly once the staff get their sea legs.  There was an over-all feeling of being new drivers, just short of panic but far from relaxed and confident.  I know, this is maybe being too picky.  Our friendly cashier will be much more efficient once he figures where everything is on the touch screen register.  Until then, he can hunt and peck while I let my eyes wander over all the pretty details of this cavernous stylish den of hipsterdom.  I think this is the coffee-version of Fete Sau.  It's the hipster alternative to the frat-boy Frankford hall.  Regardless, it's surely a gem for the neighborhood and another slice of Brooklyn... in a good way.
It is a beautiful place and I purcahse La Colombe coffee just about everyday. When I found out they were coming to Fishtown i was over joyed. My Girl friend and I walked in and stood at the counter waiting for service. After about 10 minutes we see a head peak out of a crowd of folks at a table, it was the server. She comes over almost annoyed that we interrupted her fun. She took our order and she passed her orders to people who seemed to have just popped out of no where, We basically had to re-order and wait longer. The baked goods did not taste well, my girls coffee was not good but on a good note the beer was nice. I have heard that the owners of La Colombe are amazing folks but their servers need better training. Take care of your friends but take better care of the people who live in the community and can become the base of your income. My son and his girl friend went on a different night and where treated with the same disrespect, the service sucked and the coffee was horrible. Come on La Colombe!!! - I will try one more time because of your coffee but 3 strikes and your out. I love your coffee, so it should not be hard to please me and my people. Good luck and consider training your folks or getting a better manager
This is everything a cafe should be:
Spacious, comfortable, pleasant baristas who probably don't intentionally misspell your name. And without the "I will take what's mine with fire and blood" smoldering patrons of the ubiquitous coffee shop that shall not be named. 

Plus, the food is fantastic, though full disclosure, I've only ever ordered one item, the artisanal meatball hot pocket, which is exactly what you want it to be, right down to the lava-hot innards (lawsuit pending). 

I will be going back, minus half of my tongue and most of the protective mucus membrane in my mouth.
Love this location for its delicious food offerings and I LOVE what they've done with the place. This cafe is enormous and absolutely gorgeous. We ordered a bowl of grits with bacon and egg, along with the biscuits and gravy. Everything was so savory and plentiful, and unbelievably rich. I hope to come back soon and grab a pastry, as well. If it were later in the day, I would have loved to grab a cocktail or beer and enjoy a good book or get some work done. Although there is room for many people, it is surprisingly quiet and calm here and I can envision myself being very productive over some unbeatable La Colombe coffee.
At 10 AM they were not serving breakfast sandwiches. I asked when they actually do serve them, and the barista gave me some b.s. answer that made no sense.  This place is so overrated.
My first time here, and I'm in love. Like, I want to move in. What a trendy, fun place to hang, and the delicious coffee doesn't hurt either. The staff is so kind, and the service is quick. 

Also- they have a latte on draft. A DRAFT LATTE. It's like drinking a delicious, caffeinated, cloud - and that doesn't even adequately do it justice. You've got to just try it for yourself. I want all my lattes on tap. 

This location is HUGE! It was busy today, but even still, there was no lack of seating. If I lived closer, I would probably come here and never leave. 

Big fan!
I have been coming here for over a year now and one thing I notice is the clientele (specifically at the Fishtown location is literally 80-85%. highly styled Hipsters (2016 Yuppies). It's neither here nor there but it's kinda funny. 

The coffee is still phenomenal as is the food. The menus is perfect; mostly light but wholesome food deliciously prepared. Grits (get it w/ bacon and an egg delicious), salads and about 15 or 20 other items served witching 5 mins usually (made to order). Breakfast is served 7-3 and is my favorite thing, again my favorite is the grits but the smoked salmon plate is also delicious. 
The only complaint I have is that there always is crumbs on the table and I wish they would wipe it off quicker. I don't think I've ever seen it not crummy, but I don't want to take away that fifth *Because they do everything else so right.
I absolutely adore everything about this place. The place itself is amazingly made. I love how everything is made of wood in here and has a bit of rustic vibe to it. Their food and coffee is EXCELLENT.  You must try their coffee (any type) and you won't be disappointed. Literally the best coffee I have ever had. Their serving mugs are the cutest too. Come and try it for yourself, you won't be disappointed.
