Full disclosure: I am from Philadelphia.  I have worked at many different coffee shops that all came from different traditions.  And as you will see if you read my review I don't like La Colombe.  My reason's are not based on grudges and I'm not trying to destroy their business.  I even include some source material in this review.  I dare other yelpers to do the same.  I hope you find my review helpful.  I also encourage people who like coffee to embrace it fully.  Coffee has seemed snobby in the past, but I assure you good coffee isn't.  Look at where the product's coming from: "3rd-world" nations that are typically in civil unrest and usually have to deal with very extreme natural forces (volcanos!).  These farmers are not exactly members of the financial elite.
here goes:

So, I'm a Philadelphian... I was born here... educated here... I grew up in the cafe culture that it has... La Colombe used to rock my world with some milk and sugar.  Then, I went to Portland to visit some family and accidentally discovered Stumptown coffee and my eyes have forever since seen the light.  After a week in Portland, I came back to La Colombe super stoked for espresso.  I noticed the difference immediately.

Here's the deal, La Colombe jumped onto the early 90's coffee band wagon and made an acceptable product for the times.  They were successful in a town that never really had much to claim for coffee, as opposed to the NW, Italy, or the Nordic regions.  Being successful, they never bothered to continue and progress or refine they're product.  Nor their barista's training, which after the farmer and roaster is the last platform in pulling off noticeably incredible coffee.

A lot has happened over the last decades, in coffee.  Todd Carmichael, one of the owners, has been too distracted (crossing the South Pole) and too lazy (http://www.esquire.com/blogs/food-for-men/worst-coffee-trends-060210) to take heed or notice.

And it's easy  to see the latter when you a) check out the coffee, which is bad tasting b) check out the machinery which in my years frequenting his store has NEVER BEEN CLEANED (milk encrusted steam wands) and c) has non-transparent coffee... that is that who knows where the coffee's coming from... which is deceptive and typically a hint that the coffee is grown unethically and crappy.

But hey, the proof is in the pudding.  I encourage all who will read this to check out their website (which mentions coffee that tastes like "exclusive" ..?.. not cocoa or berries or ...ya know, real food); check out their coffee and espresso; does it have a roast date listed? Coffee has a short sweet spot after being roasted... less than a few weeks; are their beans really oily (proof of over-roasting or being too old); see how bad and unsympathetic their baristas are.  Then go to a shop like Ultimo, Spruce Street Espresso, Bodhi, or Capogiro and notice the difference.  The craziest part about the last referenced cafe is that they use La Colombe beans and due to their care for details actually pull a half decent shot of their espresso, despite the odds.

When you care about how a crop is farmed, how it is roasted, and how it is prepared, the product usually tastes better (coors light or yards?).  Also, pretension doesn't equal good product and the great cafes mentioned above don't mix the two.

I also encourage La Colombe to do a better job and give a crap about what they do and serve.  But with owners that are this out of touch and nihilistic, I don't see that happening.  For an interesting critique on Todd Carmichael's bogus article check out Chris Tacey's review.  It's interesting.  http://godshot.blogspot.com/2010/06/thank-you-sir-may-i-have-another.html

Here's to better coffee in a town that's worth getting excited over.
Great spot for all casual affairs!

This location is perfect if you just want to grab a cup of great coffee to go, or if you prefer to enjoy it inside - there is ample seating space to sip at your leisure.

It is located within Rittenhouse area, so the parking will be tough. I typically park a few blocks south and work my way up. Walking in, the counter to order is right in front, and then the seating area is towards the left. Inside, it's upscale but casual, lots of tables and even small booths to get a group together for coffee and work. Many people seem to find this location ideal to open up their laptop and enjoy a good coffee. 

The coffee is what sells this place - great roasts, with bold, rich flavors. As you walk in you can smell the amazing scents - and it tastes just as great as it smells!

The workers are pretty friendly and the menu is lean so it doesn't get too confusing when putting in your order. The feeling I got was that if I became a regular, the baristas would definitely start knowing my name and my order. It has that charm, which is pretty endearing. 

Overall definitely recommend this place and this brand of coffee - awesome stuff!
This is probably the most Parisian experience that exists in Philadelphia. It's always bustling with cute intellectuals fresh out of their Rittenhouse brownstones, lounging in their loafers and reading the New Yorker. 

Despite what the name would suggest, La Colombe is locally roasted coffee and it's so good other coffee shops in town brew from their beans. 

You probably won't find too many people on laptops here because they don't offer wifi. Depending on my mood, this is either their greatest strength or their greatest weakness. If you're a tourist or a local on an existential walk across town, this is a coffee shop you don't want to miss...especially since you can take your thoughts and journal to the famed Rittenhouse Park across the street.
If Monica, Rachel, Phoebe, Chandler, Ross, and Joey* knew what was good for them, they would have packed up their stuff, (recliners, dog statue, yellow frames et all) and moved down to Rittenhouse where they could frequent La Colombe for some fancypants coffee.

This isn't 1997 in some NBC studio though.  It is 2013.  It is real life where I am a girl who gave up on the feeling of ever being sufficiently caffeinated.  Long gone are the days when a simple cup of coffee could give me a flutter in my heart and some gas in my tank.  I know caffeine is a drug because it used to make me so high and by high I mean euphoric.  It is a legal drug afterall and boy was I an addict.

Nowadays, I settle on just functioning with a cup of coffee and Dunkin and Wawa are acceptable means to an end.  I haven't felt the surge of caffeine in years, but this week that changed.  On a quick lunch break, I was treated to the presence of Aaliyah P (who delivers a burst of energy to all who surround her anyway).  She bought me my first cup of iced coffee from La Colombe.  I was happy to see simple syrup and all sorts of fun additives to make an already cup of iced joe better.  

Back at the office, I began to feel something.  That flutter in my heart that left me in my early 20's after all my all-nighters came back to me.  I didn't know I could feel this way again.  And of course, I needed to feel it again and again like a true addict.  So 2 days later I went back and found myself in a blissful state again. it only cost me $2...I'm done for.  Sure, this too will pass and I will become numb again, but for now, I have found my liquid joy again. 

*Apologies for such a dated reference, but I just recently got cable and learned that Friends is on pretty much any time of the day.  Should you need a Central Perk fix, you needn't look too hard....and apparently I have now confessed two shameful addictions.
Even though my friend had already told me La Colombe's coffee was possibly the best in Philly, I knew immediately they were going to be good.  As soon as you walk through the door, the smell of delicious, roasted coffee smacks you in the face.  It wakes you up like how they used to portray it in those old Folgers coffee commercials, except with better coffee in your cup.  MUCH better.

I didn't see a menu anywhere as I walked up to the barista, but I already knew what I was getting before I even walked in (I just wanted to see what they offered) - a regular house coffee.  Simple, no fuss, and classic.  Just like me!

Although the taste was largely a product of the beans/grind, I still thought my coffee was well made...and great tasting.  It had a nice, rounded flavor without that charred or burnt tinge some coffees will have.  Plus, it was bold enough to perk me up, but not so bold that it felt like I got slapped as hard as Charlie Murphy did during the RIck James sketch on the Chappelle Show (it still cracks me up).

Even though La Colombe doesn't surpass my favorite coffee shop (Philz in SF), they do come close to my second (Intelligentsia in LA).  I certainly wouldn't mind if they decided to branch out to the Bay Area!  What made my experience even better though was how I was able to walk right up to the counter and order.  Pretty awesome considering the line was literally out the door at the SoHo location in NY.  Crazy!
Amazing coffee...

but the service sucks! on several occasions, the baristas have just been overly pretentious to the point of being rude! to me, and several other customers. when i asked about wifi, one barista scoffed and said "please, we don't do that here." he laughed, looked at the other barista and said, "she just asked about wifi." the other barista then laughed. WTF?! this is a collegetown is it not?! my boyfriend also told me that the baristas made a sweet old man feel embarrassed about asking for sweetener instead of sugar. they're just a tag team of awful - the one who wears the hat and the vest, and the one with an accent. 

i feel weird saying that i'd rather go to the starbucks less than a block away, over la colombe. even studying at the starbucks (with sofachairs!) is way, way more comfortable than at la colombe. The coffee is definitely expensive, but it is quite good. I can't give this place 4 or 5 stars because the service is just that obnoxious.
La Colombe serves third wave coffee with a colonial revival meets turn of the century billiard room ambience; dark wood, marble, evergreen palette. Walking all day in the city of brotherly love and I was glad to take a seat, have a cup and plan my next excursion. 

I ordered a Sumatran espresso, an in house roast called Red Badger, and found a corner table.  My order was ready quickly, though it would have been worth a wait.  Light, partly sweet, mellow acidity, hints of almond and grape with a bright/tangy finish.  The baristas were fast, friendly and focused even with a steady stream of patrons. 

One feature I quite enjoyed was the sparkling water on tap.  Not only does it add an air of refinement but the effervescence cleanses ones palate.

My only complaint is that with such finesse and attention given to their coffee they were using Wawa milk for the latte's, cappuccinos, etc.  It feels a bit like going to your favorite artisan bakery, ordering a croissant fresh from the oven and then slathering it in Smucker's.  Pennsylvania has several fantastic dairy farmers (Trickling Springs immediately springs to mind) dedicated to producing flavorful and sustainable organic milk.  The final product would taste better, support local agriculture and connect the patrons with their surrounding community.   While the espresso was great, I wouldn't order a dairy based beverage.
I somehow had no idea La Columbe is an independent Philadelphia based coffee roaster. I buy their canned draft lattes every chance I get, usually from my local Whole Foods. On a recent trip to Philly, I discovered they have several shops in the city. They specialize in unique, single-origin coffees, and have a reputation for high quality. 

This shop is steps from Rittenhouse Square, with a pretty interior and plenty of seating. However, the lack of any posted menu (and wifi) feels like an attempt to be edgy, and ultimately comes across as pretentious. As a first time visitor, I approached the register with anxiety, not knowing what to order aside from the basics. 

I overheard the customer ahead of me order something that sounded interesting (a Black & Tan), so I went with that, and an iced Americano. The coffee was excellent. I absolutely loved the Black & Tan, a strong drink of pure black over ice, topped with draft latte. Their draft oat milk latte is to die for-extra creamy and smooth.

The product is top notch, but I request that they add a menu of any kind. Maybe even just a QR code. I will be in Philly again this week, and plan to return. Maybe I will order a PSL, just so they're really mean to me.
La Columbe is my favorite coffee - tea - breakfast delight shop in Philly, as it has been for years, and its easy to taste & see why!  Phillys best coffee, simple and delicious, is created on the spot for you by knowledgeable and friendly baristas. If you get there early, you might snag a fresh coissant or other fun dessert to complement your caffeination concoction . Walls are adorned with local artists paintings, photographs etc, that change seasonally. Best and most affordable cup of Joe , will start or continue your day right at any time of the day .
There really aren't any cafes like this near where I live. La Colombe is always crowded and they have no wifi (I was tempted to dock them a star for this). They serve outstanding, bold, robust brewed coffee in actual coffee cups with saucers.

This is not a place where I would try to get any work done, nor would I ever schedule a meeting here. This is a place to sit, relax, and watch the world go by. In other words, La Colombe is a true cafe, the likes of which you rarely see anymore.

Merci, La Colombe.
Good coffee, but the staff is super pretentious. You're making coffee, not curing cancer. Curb the attitude.
Love La Colombe, don't necessarily love this location. 

The baristas are all friendly enough, but the bustling energy makes me want to grab my cup and peace out rather than pull up a chair. I'm a much bigger fan of the location on Penn Square.
I stopped in this morning to grab a cup of coffee on my way into work. I recently was diagnosed with an autoimmune disease that dictates that I am not allowed to consumer gluten in any capacity, and it's been quite a struggle. I haven't had coffee in a few weeks since I have started this journey, but keeping with my routine now, I had to ask if the coffee contained any gluten. (Sometimes it's hidden in preservatives, or used for flavoring, and it's harmful in any form.) The response I received, "Yeah, there's no bread in our coffee", was rude, inconsiderate, and made me feel about 3 inches tall. Clearly I am aware that there is no bread in your coffee, and perhaps you are not educated enough to understand that sometimes gluten is toxic to certain people and not all people are gluten free due to a diet fad; however, the response was neither warranted, nor what I would expect when paying 2.50 for a normal sized light roast coffee. I apologize if my question, which was regarding my health, was an inconvenience in the morning rush, but because of this statement, I will never return again. Service can make or break a business, and I sincerely hope that a statement like this one is an isolated incident, and that arrogant and inconsiderate statements are not frequently made to paying customers.

However, I must say I usually I enjoy their coffee and selection. I used to get the hot chocolate frequently because it comes unsweetened and you can add sugar, or whatever your preference, to your liking, which for me was awesome! They have a decent selection of beverages, and their pastries always look delicious, but of course I am unable to try any.
Always a great espresso.  Top notch coffee purist drinks unlike some other places that just push a button, add "pumps" of sugary flavored syrups and call it a latte.  This is real coffee made by real baristas.  

This particular location upheld the brand and culture shared at many of the other locations along with a super friendly and welcoming staff.  I'm also inclined to like them a bit more for all that the company does for human rights, ethical, and other worthy causes.  It's in their culture and you can read about it on their website.    

For me, I'll always seek out a La Colombe as they check all the boxes that a real coffee shop should.
Okay, so this place is essentially a mainstay in Rittenhouse square. I almost feel like I don't need to review La Colombe, as everyone is aware of its existence.  I used to go to La Colombe often, before I saw the light of what actual quality coffee tasted like.  So I have this complex opinion about La Colombe, but I think I've kind of seen the light for what it is. 

First off, yes it's inexpensive relatively for okay coffee. But you're trading off the fact that you're not getting great coffee. The coffee itself is nothing to write home about. I'd go without it.  The espresso is good, I usually get a double macchiato or a cappuccino when I go there. I'd say that the place is fairly mechanical, and it will give you the same thing on a consistent basis.

Speaking of consistency, you will always find yourself with a long line and seating is at a premium. You'll find a lot of couples who will be ravenous in the line, send one person to get a seat, while the other waits in line. This is the name of the game, as no one is really respectful enough to wait in line together.  There's a tendency for there to be loud children with their parents, thrashing their strollers back and forth, trying to, simultaneously, annoy the shit out of you by making an obstacle course, quiet their crying child via carelessly rocking the baby without any regard to the actual problem, and keep talking about that new Dior bag that Veronica just could not live without that they just think is trite.

There's a tendency for haughty privileged middle-aged couple to boast about their 401k's loudly in front of you in hope of you hearing how successful their meaningless life is.  If you can't tell, I don't really like the fanbase that La Colombe has.  Let me put it this way:  I'm surprised I haven't seen Mary Kate Olsen talking about her Vera Wang snuggie in this joint.  I've never gotten through an hour at La Colombe without the need of rolling my eyes at some absurdity like this.

I'm always amused that these people that are enthralled by expensive things go to a place where the coffee is mediocre, and could be better somewhere else by just adding a couple of quarters to the price.  I think La Colombe has a certain reputation of being amazing in Philly. I don't understand it though.

It's almost mechanical, where people expect the same cup every day when they go here, and they will get it here. The blend never changes, from what I can tell, and there's nothing truly exciting about La Colombe.  I like their carbonated water machine and almond croissant. That's about as excited as I get about this place.

In summary: If you're a douchebag that's spent all but two of their dollars on a new Michael Kors bag, and you need to go to a place to be around like minded douchebags to display your newly acquired display of "wealth," get a coffee here, and put a bunch of sugar substitute and skim milk in it. You'll fit right in.
While I wasn't wowed by la Colombe's oak milk latte from the summer, the hot chocolate here is amazing (especially when it's cold out).  The baristas are always friendly and the interior space is a great hangout spot.  Would recommend checking this cafe out!
This La Colombe outpost just steps away from Rittenhouse Square is super busy, welcoming a stream of visitors almost all day long. Although the line can stretch out the door, everything moves along reasonably quickly, and the staff are super sharp and proactive.

Most people get their joe to go, which means that even on a busy weekend morning, you might be lucky enough to snag a seat at a table or at a window-side counter if you want to linger for conversation or for some reading. Just remember not to loiter *too* long if you've already finished your drink and people could sure use a seat.

In my case, I got my oat milk black-and-tan (half oat milk draft latte, half cold brew) very quickly, and it was darn delicious. I had to resist gulping it down all at once, so savoring it slowly while banging out a few Yelp reviews on my laptop made for a nice start to a weekend morning. ;)
Mmmm eye candy... it's like La Colombe refuses to hire unattractive males. This may be offensive for some of you but I'm not complaining if I get a chance to have a stud smile at me and tell me to have a great day. I know I WILL have a great day, thanks to my little interaction with that TDW (Tall Drink of Water, obvi). 

The coffee is good too-- but you can get it all over the city. I come to La Colombe for the smoking hot baristas. Call me shallow. I'll get over it.
My  husband is a huge fan of La Colombe coffee in cans that we can find at the grocery store, and I've visited a La Colombe location in DC. But since La Colombe's home is Philly, we were excited to stop by and have a couple of coffees when were in Philly for a day trip recently and staying in the area. I got my usual, an Americano. But my husband was excited to try something they had on tap (maybe a black and Oat?), which he raved about. It's not a large coffee shop, but it's nice inside. And the line moved pretty fast. They had a lot of really beautiful pastries, but we had just stuffed ourselves with hummus as Dizengoff, so we stuck to coffees. It's definitely a place I'd happily return to in the future!
HEY-YO!

Thanks for being there and being so delicious!  I miss you with all my free-trading heart!
As a person who lives on the square I have numerous options for an iced coffee. I chose La Colombe to kill time before a 7pm meeting. Walked in at 6:50 (I was unaware they close at 7). Talk about attitude!! If you have a problem with customers arriving at 6:50, lock the fucking door or change your closing time to something more feasible to your needs. I ordered an iced decaf (I am sensitive to caffeine, so a decaf coffee to me is the equivalent to a regular)
The barista making the coffee then proceeded to throw a temper tantrum, flailing his arms and acting like my coffee was such a HUGE inconvenience to him. Then another customer asked him how he was doing and he responded by saying- I was fine until I got slammed at the last minute and i'm pissed because I want to go home and all my machines have been cleaned and now I have to clean them again. He was directing this to ME!!! How immature!!! If a business is opened until 7, they should prepare to be opened until 7. And if you have a problem with it, close your business earlier or shut your mouth!!! Or SAY IT TO MY FACE, not indirectly to the customer next to me. Way too much attitude from somebody serving coffee, get over yourself buddy. I will stick to Good Karma for my coffee where I don't get a side of attitude with my cup. Oh and the best part of this all is that the jerk-off gave me a super caffeinated coffee, just to be a DICK. I took one sip and my heart started to race, I couldn't even finish it. Good thing I don't have a heart condition asshole. Seiously La Colombe, how do you allow people like this to work there??!!!
I'm a coffee roaster. I'm a coffee guy. I'm a barista. I'm a decent guy and I thought this place served super shitty coffee. the service was terrible except for one guy there who made my drink. He was friendly and attentive. The cashier, an attractive european woman was super unfriendly and could care less about anything but herself. The coffee is burnt, meaning roasted way too dark, it was oily and I took seriously only two sips and had to throw it out.
I come from an east coast AND west coast coffee background and I thought for all the hype this place had the worst coffee I have ever had. STRAIGHT UP.
The design was old school beautiful, but I was disappointed after all the talk about La Colombe.
They have potential, but not with that coffee and service.
I am done with this place. While the coffee is excellent, the barista's are total a-holes. Yesterday, I was next in line, and the barista bypassed me, and placed the order for the guy behind me that appeared to be a regular. Really? I was in shock. There was no apology, nor was there any eye contact when he finally took my order. The barista's were more interested in chatting with the regular folks than finishing up with my order. This is not the first time this has happened, and I am not returning. Total morons running this place. I don't care how good your coffee is. If you don't know how to treat customers, there is no need for me to give you my business.
Barista: What would you like?
Me: Two soy lattes
Barista: We don't have soy
[exeunt via store entrance]
I like my coffeehouses worn-in and relaxed, pretty much the opposite of this place. The barista was pretentious and snobby, much like the clientele (but what can you expect, you're in Rittenhouse). There is not enough seating for how many people come in, so it's jammed packed while you're waiting in line to order. When I said I wanted just plain coffee, nothing special, the barista was a dick about it, like how dare I not order a low-fat extra shots of whatever blah blah blah with double foam.
Dear La Colombe -

What happened? You used to be one of my favorite coffeehouses and I used to beam with anticipation every time I got ready to take a cup of your coffee into Rittenhouse Square. But I have to jump in with the people who say you've been going down hill.

You still have an incredible product. I love picking a bag of your Corsica at Whole Foods and brewing it at home. In a lot of ways it's the best part of waking up. But I agree a lot of times that I've picked up your coffee recently the beans have been burned to hell! You could definitely learn more than a thing or two By going down to Bean Exchange Coffeehouse and figuring out how to roast coffee right.

and whats with the attitude that some of your baristas have? grant it I do get great service a lot of times and you have some good people working there. But often times as Nate says I get a snobby server with a high and mighty attitude. um, your pouring me a cup of coffee! maybe you should send them to one of the other cafes that sale your brand so they can learn to get a better server attitude.

Yeah. your still one of the best. And in a lot of ways you helped shape the indie coffee scene that's is so prevalent in Philly. So you earned the right to have some off days, just not as many as you've been having. look around you and you'll see a ton of coffee places that are stepping up their game better than you are. Maybe you can work out those kinks and get back to the way that you used to be. Either way I'll probably be back for a cup in the not too distant future.

Sincerely ~
McThrill
Sip after sip, creamy little waves of cappuccino caressed the roof of my mouth. I smiled, squinted and moved my head from one side to the other in joy.  The foam was one of the best I've experienced so far. It stayed fluffy despite of the sugar crystals and my swirling spoon.  Will I dream of this beverage?

I will. Not only because it was fantastic coffee, delicate and smooth. Also, because it was served in an unbelievably handsome Italian ceramic cup, hand painted in burgundy, sapphire and teal.  My husband Ryan got a lovely white and blue mug, and was delighted with his Americano as well. For a change, it wasn't scalding hot and he found it to have charming hints of licorice.

I loved the area where La Colombe is located, so close to the lovely Rittenhouse Square. But the cups and mugs are so pretty, I preferred to stay in and get caffeinated before our delightful stroll. 

They have another location at the fabulous Manayunk area.

Our yearly trip to Philadelphia will definitely bring us back to this place!

¡Gracias, La Colombe!
I don't care if this coffee comes with a kick in the knee by these supposedly rude baristas (they're not rude, btw.  You people need to toughen up, lest never survive outside this city).  

The coffee at La Colombe is hands-down the BEST. IN. PHILLY.  PERIOD.  If you think otherwise, you don't know coffee.  If you let the baristas keep you from giving this place anything less than 5 stars, you don't know coffee.  Enough said.
La Colombe has a lot of great things going on for it: the complimentary "draught" sparkling water (with a sign that says "everyone on earth should have access to free clean water"; it then goes on to explain how they're committed to drilling wells in Africa to help with that), the use of Califia Farms almond milk, and the employees who - while they may come off "no nonsense" - are friendly enough despite the high volume they're doing and always seem two steps ahead of their customers (i.e. before we were done paying, our drinks were already waiting for us - so was the person's behind us who had given his order to the guy at the register who was cashing us out at the same time; talk about a multitasking champion).

What I wasn't a fan of, though, was:
a) The coffee: my iced coffee tasted pretty watered down, and I didn't end up finishing it because (sorry!) I just didn't think it was that good.
b) The vibe: this place was INSANELY busy, and as result, way too loud and chaotic for me. That sort of intense energy and volume - people buzzing in and out and all around - just isn't for me.

There's a lot of really great coffee shops in Philly.; shop around to find the best one for you. For me, that's not La Colombe.
delicious delicious.  I LOVE La Colombe.  I used to go quite often when I worked at 20th and market.  I now go only a couple times a month since I work at 17th and JFK - but its always worth the trek.

At first glance La Colombe might look like a douchey high priced coffee place, but actually its prices are some of the cheapest coffee prices in the city.  Iced coffee is 2 bucks, 150 for a hot cup...only one size which i love (especially when people ask for large and get really bent out of shape over one size).  The iced coffee which is my fav. in the summertime comes with a shot of espresso.... yes for 2 bucks!  I pay more for watery iced coffee at other places.  Their coffee is so good and the employees are always friendly.  

They also make a mean cappuccino.  If you're around rittenhouse stop by, you won't be disappointed...
I'm just not a fan of this place.  It really focuses on the coffee, and I'm a tea person, not a coffee person.  I'd appreciate more effort on tea too.  It doesn't take much effort to stock a handful of high-quality loose-leaf teas along with coffee (tea is easier to prepare well than coffee, IMHO), but this place doesn't even seem to try, it just wants to be all about its coffee.

Is the coffee here good?  Ehh.  I do drink coffee, and I have opinions on it, although I'm certainly no expert.  I will say, the stuff I've had here is good, but it is not the best coffee I've had.  In order to justify its coffee-snobbery, I think this place would have needed to really like, AMAZE me with their coffee, and they failed to do this.

I do like that La Colombe does direct trade -- that's great.  I'm also a big fan of shade-grown coffee, both for the taste and because I like the ecological principles behind it, but currently, I have yet to sample or even see for sale a single shade-grown coffee from this company.  Supposedly they have one in their "workshop", but I have yet to try it.  This company is lagging behind others, there are so many good shade grown coffees on the market.

What about the ambiance in this particular shop?  I don't like it.  The walls are red, and it feels...for lack of a better descriptor, arid, conjuring up images of parts of the American Southwest or drier parts of the Mediterranean.  It doesn't feel cozy or comforting to me.

There's also a sort of weird vibe here that I don't like.  One of my friends articulated it to me, that there's a long line of people who seem to know a lot about coffee and know exactly what they want.  The people working the counter are nice, but when I've been in here, it's been busy and high-pressure, you get to the front of the line and you don't have time for chit-chat.  I don't like that sort of vibe.  I'd rather go to a sort of friendly, down-to-earth cafe that offers a few shade-grown coffees and has a good tea selection too, a place where I can chat with the people behind the counter a bit without feeling like I'm imposing on the people behind me.

And lastly, the baked goods?  They're good, but not good enough for the prices.  You can get much better stuff about the city.
I fell in love with coffee in Rome in the fall of 2002. Before then, my only coffee experience had been sips of Maxwell House from my grandmother's cup, and I could not be converted no matter how much she tried. To me coffee tasted bitter, acerbic, and not unlike what I imagined licking an empty but used ashtray might taste like. 

So when my art history teacher proposed a "coffee break" after class, I couldn't have been less thrilled with the idea. We stepped into a cafe, and, so I would have something to do besides sit there and wait for everyone else to drink coffee, I ordered a cappuccino and dropped one lump of sugar in and stirred. Then I took a sip. 

Since that moment I have been chasing an experience as elusive as the exhilaration of a first kiss, or watching a favorite movie for the first time. 

I feel this every time I step into La Colombe. No menu, no list of prices, no choice of sizes, no wifi, and decibel levels of chatter at peak hours to rival any other café in town. This place isn't about getting a caffeine fix while you study for the MCATs or update your blog, it's about people and coffee. This is the only truly European café in town, and the only place that reminds me of my experiences in café havens like Rome and Paris. 

Bring a book, a newspaper, a friend, a lover; sit, read, talk, sip, be seen, people watch. Everytime I leave La Colombe, I'm surprised to find myself in back in Philadelphia.
I love coffee, plain and simple. My day doesn't start until I have it, dinner out must end with it, and my hangovers would be far more intolerable without it....this is all my father's fault, he created this java-monster. 

Though a little out of the way for a morning cup of coffee on a daily basis, I can usually bribe a co-worker to tell the boss that I'm not at my desk because I'm talking to _______ downstairs about _______. I wouldn't try to come near here on a weekend morning because weekdays are crowded enough, everyone's hopping on the La Colombe train and for good reason, the coffee is off-the-hook. The baristas are always friendly and the clientele is many and varied without the pretentious tight-tied gents of my office (I'm looking at you Starbucks). There is no such thing as a bad day at work when I can get my hands on an iced coffee from here...a simply perfect start to what otherwise might have just been another mundane day.

P.S. There's a new location opening soon at Dilworth Plaza (giggle giggle) that will make discrete morning trips that much more manageable for myself and lots of other Center City coffee fiends.
as much as i vehemently object to consuming quantities of coffee as a way of maintaining alertness, i do agree that recreationally, having coffee is one of the best ways of catching up with friends. in that regard, this is a wonderful cafe. lots of seating but maintains a certain level of homeyness that big chains like starbucks just lack.

the coffee here is pretty damn good. they only brew their standard dark roast, but when it tastes that good, why would you order anything else? although i hear their cappuccinos are mighty fine as well.

and the biggest plus? it's located right across the street from rittenhouse park. perfect for grabbing a warm beverage and then strolling through the park on a cold winter's day.
I ordered a latte here and then while paying the barista/cashier  directed me to my latte. It was not what I expected so I thought maybe I didn't specify what type of latte I wanted and then tried not to make a big deal as maybe they didn't hear me with all of us wearing masks. So I clarified and asked is this my latte? The barista said yes and walked away. Then this other barista started yelling and me and lecturing me how my latte is over here and that latte was specifically made for someone else.

I couldn't  believe how I excessively rude the barista was. He could have just politely said your latte is over here but instead was so rude and started yelling at me as if it was my fault I was directed to the wrong latte in the first place. (?!?).

I go to La Colombe all the time throughout the city without any problem and even buy La Colombe coffee and apparel to send to friends out of state. This interaction I had today gives me serious pause as a future customer.
The most pretentious coffee house I've ever been to. Its ran like a NYC nightclub....
Excellent coffee, euro-vibe, great people watching. Back in the day (late '90's) this was the best, smokiest, chessplayingest place to be, nowadays there's no smoking and the chess is back out in the Square. You can order their coffee online but it's best sitting right there prepared by the well trained, slighty eurosnobby staff. There coffee is in some of the best hotels in NY and has finally arrived in SF...find it at Cafe de la Presse, SF.
Good coffee at an affordable price!! I am a fan of La Colombe over Joe or Elixir. Elixir's coffee just wasn't that great and Joe's latte cost me an arm! 

Now, I'm not going to rave about their coffee for too long (lots of posts about that on here I'm sure) because I'm usually a drinker of decaf. I am super sensitive to caffeine and regret it every time I order "full caff" coffee.  I try to be super woman though and think I can take it. I was too excited to try their ice draft coffee (something they just started offering in the past couple of months and no they don't offer it in decaf) and was jittery within an hour.  Don't let la colombe's 12 ounce cup size full you. I feel that smaller serving of coffee from la Colombe packs the same amount of caffeine as a 16 ounce pike place roast at Starbucks. 

Now what I do want to rave about and my FAVORITE drink here, is their HOT CHOCOLATE!!! This is hands down the best hot chocolate I've had from a coffee shop! Usually other places make it with chocolate syrup or that nasty cocoa mix made with powdered milk or some kind of hydrogenated milk solids and tons of sugar! I am lactose intolerant so powdered milk is no no for my stomach. La Colombe's hot chocolate is like a cocoa powder latte! I get it made with almond milk. It comes totally unsweetened. I add a bit of simple syrup to sweeten it. It makes the perfect true dairy free dark hot chocolate! I wish I can just mix almond milk and cocoa powder at home but alas, the steamed almond milk makes it.

The baked goods here are delicious, too, although they are expensive. I like the chocolate croissants. My coworker is a big fan of their chocolate chip cookie but it's a hard cookie with hard chocolate chips that stick to your teeth. I prefer mine chewy and gooey.

The only reason I give this place 4 stars is I agree with another reviewer about the less than inviting ambience. The hipster male baristas aren't the most open or personable. They seem too busy or coffee-snobbish to chat with you or make eye contact. I always feel pressured to order fast. There's also no menu, prices, cup sizes, or explanation of what the weird coffee apparatuses on display are, so if you're new here, the vibe makes you feel like a total uninitiated noob. Maybe a lot of people feel this way, so they just stick to ordering the same thing every time. It makes the line move faster. Le sigh.
Philly's best coffee. Cute local coffee shop with nice Italian style serving-ware. Right by Rittenhouse. Limited Hours, No Internet. Otherwise, perfect.
i was looking forward to a new coffee spot, but this won't be it for me.  they dont have a menu first off, and im not a coffee connoisseur, so i was a little thrown off.  i kept it simple, asked for an iced tea, but they did give me hot tea w/a cup of ice.  v. artsy crowd here, great for people watching, but not for studying.  its a little loud, my headphones were not enough to block out the noise, so i was stuck listening to watever they chose, which wasn't my preference.  the servers were all really nice, and they kept cleaning the tables quite often.  all in all it wasnt a bad experience, but not one to keep me coming back either...
I find this place a little too pretentious for my tastes. The coffee that I've had is good. I know it's good. But like another reviewer noted, how far up your own...you know...is a place that doesn't even have a menu.

I do like the water they have on tap because I like having a water on the side when I drink any kind of coffee beverage. I also like that it's self serve because I always feel bad asking for a water on the side. And as I said, I do enjoy the coffee. 

Last time I went to this location I had quite a bit of work to do. I asked if they had wifi. The guy behind the counter responded that if I needed directions that I could just ask them. What an assumption to make! I live in this city, and if I needed directions to somewhere, I would have asked for them. That assumption really made me mad. I can only assume it was racist. I don't know how else he would have assumed I was a tourist based on me asking that question. Really, I can't think of another reason, and I hate to think race is the reason. 

So yeah. I'm pretty much done with at least this location now.
There's lots of contention about the Euro-snooty attitude of La Colombe's baristas.  They may have a point.  However, since I lived in Philly and now in DC, La Colombe's Niza roast has been about the only roast that takes me back to my childhood.

Whenever I come back to Philly to visit my BF, which is quite often, I end up buying a 5-lb bag of Niza roast, in beans, to use with my trusty Gaggia. I do my own grinding and the coffee is absolutely delicious.

Having said that, the baristas should attend the Dale Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People, as well as read the old I'm OK You're OK trusty book.  Their attitude does need improvement fersure.
My latte was half full. I asked if the muffins were chocolate chip or blueberry, I was told chocolate chip, and got home and it was blueberry. For the price you pay this is ridiculous.
Bad service when there's rush, please stand in front of the line to ensure that your drinks don't get taken away by their folks!
Coffee is la colombe, which I love but services need to be improved
Chai tea latte taste like garbage. Was excited for some pastries and tasted awful. Typically don't write reviews, but this really put a bad taste in my mouth.
I am so disappointed in this place since the line was out to the door. I ordered a mocha and a croissant to enjoy at Rittenhouse Park. The mocha tasted liked a confused mix of bath water and powdered Swiss Miss Hot Chocolate. It was disgusting. I was hoping the croissant would save the experience but no. It was stale, possibly a day or two old. I wish I had the time to go back to get my money back.
I am giving 5 stars not so much to the coffee shop (which is about 3.5 stars) but to the FABULOUS customer service we got from Nicolas Capes at the MAIN site of La Colombe.

You see, we wanted to have individually wrapped foil pouches of coffee as wedding favors for our June 2008 nuptuals.  DiBruno Brother's couldn;t help us.  Neither could Dunkin Donuts, nor Cappriccio (though the manager tried).

The coffee favors available on "wedding" websites as favors is sub-par pre-bagged swill.

We wanted QUALITY - and with La Colombe - our guests got it - for reasonable coin, too.

We ordered a case (96 pouches) of the house blend and bagged each pouch in a cute little tulle bag, and added a Yankee Candle "buttercream" votive.  Between the coffe and the cream - our closet smelled heavenly.

The coffee favors were a huge hit and La Colombe is the ONLY Philly coffee place to come through for us.
I have been here for many times, and have been getting more and more disappointed. The quality of the latte here is just far worse than La Colombe's Astor Place location in NYC (which is one of my very favorites in the US). And it's just getting worse and worse. 

What made me annoyed and finally decide to write a negative review is that, in my several recent visits, the barista steamed milk in a big pitcher and then pour multiple cups at once, and also pour the leftover milk into next pitcher, and don't wash or switch to new pitcher for the next customer etc! It is just so gross!

And the latte just doesn't taste good. It wasn't because of the beans, it is because of the way they make it. And plus the milk this place uses is worse than its NYC location too.
yes, the iced coffee was good...except one thing was missing: SOYMILK! (or any non-dairy beverage). seriously, in a city that has a fair number of vegans/vegetarians, why no dairy alternative?

p.s. the bathroom is pretty nasty.
I was a little shocked to walk in and see no menu. I had never had their coffee or been to their establishment. The employee let us know they had no menus and that it was a traditional coffee place with no milk substitutions which bummed me out since I can't handle dairy and really just wanted a good latte. 

I decided to go with a black iced coffee. The black iced coffee was very good. But a splash of almond milk could have really hit the spot.

While waiting for my coffee, I had other people taking my coffee and skipping over me in line. There is no rhyme or reason to the orders. No names, numbers. And the place was busy. So I had to just wait until they could put another one out.

They need to work on organization and process. I get that the majority of people in that day were regulars and maybe they very often just have their local regulars but the area is surrounded by hotels. So I am sure there are many other people like me who just stood there and had their orders overlooked. I had to take one star away for that or else, I would have given them a 4.

I'm not sure that I would return, there are many other coffee spots in the area that I would be more interested in trying out.
La Colombe is my go to for quality and consistency.  Recently I visited this location and was disappointed.  To note there was no one In Front of me or behind so it wasn't due to them being busy, which I could understand. I Ordered 2 hot lattes and 2 iced.  Both hot lattes were half foam and did not fill the cup. That's a cappuccino not a latte. One of the iced drinks was again not filled to the top.  We also ordered a couple of croissants in which we were given the wrong kind. No big deal if the was the only error but at this point adds to the frustration.  

I will continue to visit la Colombe but most likely not this location.  When a customer pays $25+ tip for their coffee, they expect the quality they are paying for.  Hopefully this location can improve for the company's sake.
I am a coffee drinker and my latte tasted like hot milk.  Based on the reviews my friend and I decided to try this place and we were so excited; we're caffeine junkies.  When we got there a line was formed outside. We thought we were in for a treat. Latte was a no. I will say I tried the ham hand made meat patty which was very good. For my coffee lovers don't believe the hype this place isn't it.
Caffeine lovers beware!

What is special about this location is when you say "I'll have a chai latte" they know you really meant to say "I'll have a chai latte without the chai, just add some milk and charge me $6 for it". This place is a ripoff and just an aesthetic for those who want to be basic and probably post it on their story. If you drink black coffee then maybe you're safe since it'd be hard to skimp on that. If not, go to the many privately owned coffee shops. I guarantee you it will be cheaper and the quality will be much better.

Please donate to your local La Colombe so the chain can afford more inventory!
I hope this no menu trend doesn't take off. This is the second place i visit on a road trip that forces you to orally communicate with people, explain what you want and ask for suggestions. Ridiculous. (On a serious note - the menuless thing really is annoying)

I came here because i have a friend with a scary addiction to coffee. She even passively threatened my life if we didn't get HERE before closing. I'm not sure what kind of beans these people use but they seem to be the violent kind.

So backtracking a bit - they do have a menu, but all it tells you is the price of an item not the flavors or offerings. So unless if you have a set coffee or tea that you drink and don't care to explore, then you will need to use your words.

There are some interesting bits about this place;
1) The menu thing
2) They don't have wifi, so you're forced to do primitive things like read a book or talk to people since using mobile data is dumb and expensive.
3) They have coffee on tap? Coffee drafts? I'm not sure what to call it, but it's kinda cool. Barista pulls a lever and coffee spews out.

My friend had one of the coffees on tap while i went with an iced chamomile tea. The coffee was really smooth and tasted a bit like dirty milk. The tea was exceptional - you can never go wrong with chamomile. Cool little place for some quite time.
This is the best coffee you will find in Philadelphia.  Espresso, macchiatto, caffe latte, cappuccino, whole beans, all of it che buono!  Also their iced coffee is fantastic.  They put a shot of espresso in there and for 2 bucks is soooo good on a hot day sipped in Rittenhouse.  If it's your first time, get an espresso and a bag of Corsica to take home.  You will not be sorry about anything ever again.
Bah! What's up with this, Philly? This was some inferior coffee! Maybe it was an off day, but just because you have hipsters serving you coffee in (gorgeous Italian) ceramic mugs, doesn't mean it's good.

I'm sorry man, but the espresso in my cappucino tasted so burnt. It was not a very pleasant drink. My SO didn't even finish his espresso, he disliked it so much.

Bahhh...great place for the scene, but don't go expecting amazing brew.
It's been a long time since I've yelped. And it's only appropriate that a coffee shop brings me back. La Colombe, in a word, is fabulous. While their cappuccinos do not feature the perfect combination of espresso crema and milk froth to create glorious "latte art," I still gulped a couple of these drinks down during my three random trips to Philadelphia. The espresso was not bitter and the milk was just rightly sweet. I couldn't complain. Their large mug of coffee is great too. 

Relax - coffee snobbery is not all THAT rampant here. The lack of a menu (which tells you that you are only allowed the classics - the way it should be done anyway, frankly) balances out with the OK espresso shots. However, if memory serves me right, the shop uses a La Marzocco to pull its shots (WAY snobby, but in the right way).

My favorite thing about La Colombe, though, is the atmosphere. Large windows are placed opposite a warm dark wood interior, which truly provides a world that is the best of both. People-watching is a definite do here. True characters haunt this place. One time when I went, a scrubby young man, who had just seemingly finished smoking his cigarette outside, came back in with the stub of his cigarette enclosed in his hand and jacket sleeve. Was he trying to create some sort of hot box in his sleeve? Beats me. Weird. 

I haven't even gotten to their cups. They're gorgeous. Cappuccinos are served out of beautiful sets of cornflower blue and maroon Deruta ceramic cups and saucers. From what I hear, they're custom-painted. Some of the tables in the cafe even feature broken pieces of the pattern. 

If not only for the pretty good cappuccinos, you should try La Colombe just to see the cafe itself. Beautiful.
I love la colombe coffee...especially when it's served at other establishments.  This location is in the heart of Rittenhouse but this espresso bar is not one of my favorite.  Came here with out of town family and found it strange to find no menu anywhere in sight. There were long lines so do they just know exactly what to order?? Were they all regulars?? It just felt strange.  I just ordered a medium ice coffee since I know they must have that...right? 

Funny thing was, my husband and brother in law ordered the macchiato thinking it was a drink.  What they got was a shot of expresso instead.  Since it was our first time here...who knew? We were comparing it to Starbucks....which is not a good idea!

Also, I was looking for the restroom and since they had a long line....I didn't want to interrupt the staff.  I started to proceed to the only door I saw that had no sign what's so ever.  I didn't know if it was a door to the basement or closet....Jeesh! I think it would be helpful to have some sign for those out of Towner's or non-regulars. 

Also, my 7yr old ordered hot chocolate but she complained it wasn't the same as her regular hot chocolate from Starbucks.  I tasted it and it had no sugar what's so ever. The server should have informed us since he saw that this was for a child.  Since we already left the spot, I had to make my way to another coffee house....and it happen to be Starbucks that was close by!
The thing I miss most about Philadelphia is La Colombe. 

The place is the collaborative effort between Frenchman Jean-Phillipe Iberti and Seattlite Todd Carmichael and so it should be no suprise that it has rapidly become the unchallenged coffee master of the NorthEast. Great croissants from Miele (former pastry chef of Le Bec Fin) as well...
So I ended up stopping here on an afternoon expecting great coffee. 
But the coffee was not what it should be, in respect to all the hype. I ordered a coffee to go (they also only had one coffee on and one size) and it was actually one of the poorer coffees that I've tried yet in Philadelphia. 

It had a strange chemical like flavor, lacked a fresh aroma,  lacked any seriously interesting overtones, and tasted burnt. 

I did not care for the cafe atmosphere itself either. It was elegantly decorated, but It didn't feel relaxing or down to earth. It just seemed pretentious.

I would personally recommend Walnut Bridge Cafe, Spruce St. Espresso, Earth Cup, etc. over La Colombe.
La Columbe Torrefaction is reputed to be the finest in Philadelphia's independent coffee shops, and after spending an afternoon in their cafe, I'm not sure that's saying much. It seems the key attraction of this place is that they are not one in a chain of stores serving up commoditized beverage widgets. As you'll notice, when walking through the front door, there are no price boards. They simply assume that you are willing to pay, being that you've decided to visit. This can be a classy alternative to dealing with customers that hold up the line as they attempt to make a decision. Most patrons seem to know exactly what they want, so this is a coffee shop where no explanations are necessary. 

The customer profile seems a little different than the regular coffee shop. They appear to be just a little more mature, just a little more sophisticated to a degree. From professional mothers to grad students studying for their upcoming exams, you'll find a subtle difference to the kinds of people filing through the door on a hectic weekday afternoon. 

When I approached the counter, the girl attending appeared to have a bit of a poor attitude, but when I heard her speak, I realized she was foreign. I appreciate friendliness more than the exoticness of the nationality of the person behind the counter, but I'm not complaining. She handed me a paper cup of the drip brew, then a lid on a dish with a spoon. I really appreciated the way they have all their sugars and creams seated in ornate pots on the front counter. But I wanted to discover the fineness of their brew unmolested by those fixings. 

When I asked the male at the counter, he told me the coffee was their "Corsica," a multi-region blend. As I sipped it, the coffee seemed to be only medium bodied, with little to no acidity, and an underwhelming flavor. In fact, it seemed that it was just a little bit watery. They may want to check the proportions of their water to their coffee, because as it was, I didn't think that it was anything to get excited about. It may a few steps up from the brew they serve at Wawa, but hardly deserving of the title "gourmet." 

The furniture in the lobby was fitting: tiny chairs with tiled tables. I noticed their furniture actually matched the ceramic items with which they served their coffee, and that was a nice touch. The music playing in the lobby had it's moments. I prefer the nondescript drizzle of lightly thumping electronica in the background as opposed to a music selection based on the tastes of the people working there. How many times can one hear Rob Thomas and Santana's "Smooth" before you get tired of hanging around? 

Overall, La Columbe is impressive as a sole proprietorship, but as a coffee shop, it's only a notch above average. If you're in the mood for something different than your regular corporate coffee shop experience, than this is a place for you. It's not like the city has huge variety of options.
I don't get it, the mass fascination with this place, I've deemed it "a Philly thing". 
When I first moved to Philly 4 years ago I used to come here a couple times a week. My first time in I remember being a bit underwhelmed by the taste of the coffee, but I kept going back to La Colombe because that's where I would meet my friends, I knew someone who use to work there,  it was close and convenient, and frankly I wasn't aware that better coffee could be found in Rittenhouse. 
Now I've found the better places, (read: Joe, Elixir, Nook). At La Colombe the espresso tastes  bitter and gross, the cappuccino has a nice foam but you can barely taste the coffee underneath all that milk, the regular coffee also tastes burnt and forces itself to be consumed with either milk or sugar.  Also it is very lame they don't offer soy milk. Now I don't really like regular milk, but I make an exception to drink it in coffee sometimes, on a regular basis however I would prefer to drink soy milk or I choose to drink my coffee black.  When I once inquired about why they didn't offer soy milk the barista told me the owner was a traditionalist. Hmmm interesting...  I could go on a rant about that in itself but I  won't.

All in all  I think La Colombe is the kind of place for people who have graduated up from drinking Starbucks and Dunkin'  and by that I mean they still take their coffee with lots of cream and sugar, but they still don't know what wonderful coffee can really taste like. 

 
***Also yes the water machine is really cool, I get it, I like it too. But if part of reason you are swayed to frequent a coffee shop is because of its water, well doesn't that say something?
Let's get the most important thing out on the table... the regular cup of black coffee is EXCELLENT! This is always the most important thing to me. However, there are other aspects that can be convoluting. Depends on what you're looking for in a coffee shop.

It's a little expensive, as coffee goes. However, all of their coffee, as best I could tell, was roasted there. They're menu gives great descriptions of each of their brews. However, if you're looking to order much outside of straightforward coffee, cappuccino, espresso, etc, then you're out of luck. I don't think they're too interested in catering to more than a specific niche of coffee lover (the serious kind). The staff wasn't helpful and definitely wasn't welcoming. I got the sense they thought they were doing me a favor by even taking my order in the first place (a little snarky).

The shop is a big space with lots of small tables and chairs fit into the space. However, the seating isn't comfortable and the tables are small. This is definitely not a space that someone would feel comfortable sitting and relaxing for too long in. It's also somewhat dirty. not much going on on the walls and such. 

At the end of the day, if you're looking for a place to get a great cup of coffee (or a pound of whole beans) and get going, this is your place. But if you're with friends (especially friends who aren't hardcore coffee lovers) and looking for a place to hang out together, there are probably other options close by.
The coffee here is pretty good.  Similar quality to Ritual in SF.  However, this is no Blue Bottle.  The mocha isn't even sweet, WTF?  We stopped by today, and were lucky to get a table.  There were lots of Penn students here and friends catching up over coffee.  It's a great place to meet for coffee if you're in the area.
Best coffee ever. I have friends who get La Colombe shipped to them and never fail to pick up beans when they pass through town. 

Great people watching. Great for getting work done (although no wifi). Great ambiance/vibe. There's counter seating (only 2 spots on the end of the coffee bar). The baristas are great. They mind their own business but occasionally strike up a conversation with a regular or a friend/customer. I used to come here every morning, and I wouldn't even have to order. They would have it ready for me by the time I got to the counter (or sometimes, even before). Don't let the line freak you out, it moves really fast. Love their decaf. Love their lattes. Love La Colombe.
I adore this coffee shop.  Plain and simple.  Cozy interiors.  Chic, melting pot clientele.  Deliciously strong coffee.  Swoon-worthy male baristas.

Totally local joint. Buy some coffee beans for home.  Grab a cup to go and drink your time away in Rittenhouse Park. Perfect.
I LOVE this location. I live in New Jersey and will travel here just for coffee and then go home. The draft latte is heaven in a cup. HEAVEN. I have been to the center city location and while that was a convenient walk from the train station and offered breathtaking views. I found it to be extremely busy (naturally) but the space was not relaxing nor big enough for the masses coming in. This location while busy was spread out well and I loved how dark it was inside and just offered an escape from everyday life. Employees were very nice as well. This is going to be my go to from now on. I still need to try the fishtown location though...
I think I have a mild obsession with La Colombe. Anytime I find that they are where I am visiting, I have to go there almost every day and then buy a bunch of cold brew to come home with me.

I first discovered them in SoHo in NYC and loved their delicious coffee in a no-nonsense style. They don't do almond or soy here because they believe in the integrity of the original latte, cappuccino or what have you. I like this.

In my almost week long excursion out in Philliy, I was able to visit all of their three locations. I even met one of the co-owners and boasted that I had visited all the locations at the time (they had a few in NYC, all the ones in Philly, and one in Chicago ...) only to find out that they had just opened a location in ... Seoul. Yes. Korea. 

Wot?

Well ... at least I can finally say I have been to ALL the La Colombes in North America! The co-owner is also a huge skater and owns his own skating company so I got an awesome skateboard deck out of it. Love this place!
Thirsty and low on caffeine I decided to pay a visit to the roasters who had wowed my palate during three great meals via Vetri - La Colombe.  Entering the small shop to the predicable aroma of coffee and the sounds of cappuccino machines I was surprised (but not really) to find a line of approximately ten at 5:30pm.

Browsing the small and well cultivated collection I inquired of the barista which blend was used at Vetri and he was surprisingly unaware that they used La Colombe products.  No matter, my next question was about flavor profiles and noting my preference for chocolate, caramel, fig, honey, and wood over citrus he directed me to two blends - I bought a pound of each.  As an added bonus, a second sales person was in the midst of re-filling their bakery case with fresh scones and canele.  Selecting two canele the barista spotted me a free 12 ounce coffee, I settled the tab, and took a seat.

Lacking Wi-Fi I sat and browsed my map to see if there was anything fun I could see before my dinner reservations while I sipped my coffee.  Deciding to taste the canele while fresh I will note that they were an excellent example - perhaps the second best I've had outside of Laurent Gras mignardise at L2o.  Crunchy exterior, flawless eggy custard within, sweet without being overwhelming.

Having now consumed half of my first pound of Nizza I'm rather certain that is the version served at Vetri - but quite frankly, the cup of Monaco I had at the café was also quite excellent.  All said, La Colombe's limited lineup seems to allow them to focus on blends that work very well and the staff, shop, and sourcing are all top notch.
Oh dear. For the longest time I've wanted to go get a freshly made coffee at La Colombe cafe. My go to drink is an iced decaf americano with heavy cream. Not only did they not have heavy cream (half & half alters the taste of the coffee for me), but the drink was terrible. And for what I paid, I could've gone to Starbucks for a better tasting, larger sized Americano. The next time someone complains about Starbucks coffee being overpriced and tasting like shit, I'll send them here and tell them to get back to me.
HOW COULD ANYONE RATE LA COLOMBE LOWER THAN A 5??? I take pilgrimages here from NY just for a cappuccino!

Let's just say, they make the best coffee drinks on the east coast. Foam is like whipped cream and the espresso is perfectly rich and smooth. I am a cafe hopper and have conversed about La Colombe with people from all over the country, and it has been agreed upon my restaurant owners and friends alike, that it is THE BEST. 

I often buy the pound bags of coffee here to bring home. They just opened one in NY, so now I don't have to stock up, but this one in Philli still can't be beat.
Doesn't anyone work in this city? If not, and they have a New York Times, a MacBook, and lots of black clothing, they're at La Colombe in the morning.

Generally, the line goes out the door. But the service by the 3-day-stubble beautiful boys is spot on. They make the orders lickety-split. And their full tip jar is testimony to how they rock and roll. 

Really great part? Real creme in a china creamer. Long spoons. Granular brown sugar. And a saucer even if you're getting a cup to go.

Get the cappuccino. Their froth is the best in Philly.
LC,

Oh how I have loved you for almost 10 years now. I have never had a bad cup of coffee, espresso, late or double cap. You are perfection in every sense of the word. I don't even mind when you raise your price just please begin to offer larger to go cups though.  You are the best coffee shop in the country.  Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow morning.
Delicious strong coffee, gorgeous Italian ceramic mugs, great big windows  and changing artwork on the walls. 

The croissants are incredible .Right off of Rittenhouse Square so if you can't get a seat or a table, you can take your coffee outside. All and all, one of the better coffeehouses in the city (cheaper and immeasurably better than Starbucks).

The only downside is the staff-- the baristas can carry a bit of an attitude at times...
If you hate American coffee (especially Starbucks) but shy away from gut-scortching Italian espresso, this place is for you.  If I lived in Philly, this place alone would convert me back to being a coffee drinker.

it's kind of like getting hooked on Motrin 800's...  
giving them up because you just we're "feeling it" any more...
and then having someone walk in and hand you a Percocet 10/350.

(I hurt myself a lot.  that was the best analogy I could come up with)
Best coffee in philadelphia located in a no-frills cafe. In fact, there isn't even a menu. A small selection of pastries and caffeinated drinks. But definitely come here for the coffee, smooth and well-priced.
Cute place, but gets very crowded due to students studying there with laptops. Their cups are fancy but homey. It was my first time there, so I didn't know that they don't have menus there. The cappucino was good, bitter at first, but a pack of sugar solved the problem. :) Very cheap compared to Starbucks.
Love this coffee but being new to coffee customer service is lacking. Kinda rude. But love love the coffee. No menu and not sure what they really had so we asked. Guy behind counter was kinda helpful but he made you feel like you were bothering him.
I really like the simplicity of La Colombe, it has a quiet buzz about it and the baristas know what they are doing. There are no sizes and no menu present, but the prices are fair and you will not see the starbucks spoon foaming done on your cappuccino here at all. Can you really hate on simplicity?

I haven't experienced snotty-ness as all, as others have mentioned either. I've witnessed customers explaining what they'd like in a drink and suggestions being made. Again, this place is about classic simple drinks- why break what's not broken?

With weather like we have been having, I know I'll be around more to grab the double latte I have become used to here.
The coffee is good and what you'd expect, but I was also very underwhelmed with the service. The people working weren't at all friendly and were actually fairly curt. 

I'll be hoping to try this place on a weekend and see if I have a better experience with ambiance. Otherwise, I'm better off walking further to any of the other cafes in Rittenhouse.
Best coffee I've had.  It's pretty rare for me to find coffee that tastes good to me without added sugar and cream, and this place has it.  It would be nice if they actually had a menu.  And the crowd can be a bit ridiculous.  But you can always grab a cup and head over to the park.
The coffee is great - I'm going to ship some to my parents. The service is fantastic - the baristas are disarmingly friendly. People watching - YES. It's also a good place to study if you don't mind the ambient noise. This is less a "study" coffee shop and more of a neighborhood joint where people meet up and chat over a cup of delicious caffeine-infused goodness. 

With a little luck you can be in and out in 3 minutes with a cup o' joe but oftentimes the line is 16 people long - and yet the coffee is so damn good people will wait!
I'm a coffee snob, so this does it for me. 2 dollars for a large iced coffee - Amazing.

Starbucks is for people who don't understand coffee.
As I read some of the reviews for this place, I can see why it can be bit disarming..I have not been to other location ---yet..But this one , been to couple times now.I ran out of my Izzo Coffee, had to go get it. Barristers are quite personable, line was long , but it moved. I am quite satisfied with this one, though I wish they would have little bit more then biscotti's, & one or two other pastries to eat with coffee here. But love my Columbe coffee here..
bourgie ambience, but i embrace it completely. 

baristas smile for hours on end. that's commitment to the job right there! 

also, the lattes are very pretty. the tea is even good! and the croissants kick major butt. 

overall, a winner.
This place is great. I went in this weekend while walking by. I was hungry and needed a java jolt. Their croissants were deliciously flaky. And the atmosphere... very Spanish/European cool. The guy at the counter was also super friendly. A definite 5 stars!.
Excellent food and drink items at more or less reasonable prices. Very good atmosphere. Besides the food and drink, I look for a diverse and inclusive atmosphere in a good coffeeshop, and this one has good variety of different types of people of different races, vocations, age groups, gender, people doing different activities (chatting, working on laptop, reading book, staring out the window)...

I also highly recommend their venue in Fishtown.

At times can get a little noisy.
La Colombe is definitely one of the best coffee shop in Philadelphia.
a jewel in a city  that has great coffee houses.. WIll go back for sure :)
This place was dope. The barista was super friendly and helped us with our order. The coffee was nice and strong. I got an iced coffee. But what really did it for me was the free sparkling water on tap! 

If I lived in Philly this place would definitly be my hangout spot to get work done during the day.
I love your coffee, but wow - can you please start carrying soy milk?  I must have asked the baristas at least four different times (my girlfriend has a dairy allergy) and I've seen other customers ask for soy as well.  I would love to give you all my business but I've had to now go to Joe and even Sbux because of the milk issue.. please rectify.
The coffee and related drinks are fine (not quite as earth-shatteringly fantastic as some other reviewers claim), but the unbearably "cool", and more often than not, obnoxious, clientele is a real turn off. The space is tiny, the number of tables is limited, the hipsters are loud, so if you want to enjoy your espresso inside, good luck. I don't have the ability to tune out that kind of background noise, so I only come when invited. (Saxby's, a block away at 20th & Walnut, may not have the prestige of the La Colombe name, their coffee and baked goods are perfectly satisfying, a lot less expensive, and has about three times the seating area as LC. And, I believe, free wifi.)
Since we drank La Colombe Coffee at one of my Brunch places, curious to see where this one was, & maybe get a bag of coffee to brew at home. My Friend & I  walked around Rittenhouse square and there it was, right near the park. 
As you enter, on left just little sitting tables, where you see people reading Sunday paper, couple had laptops. The coffee and tea were in these eclectic mugs with almost paisley design, very Parisian. As we looked, saw least 4-6 different versions of the La Colombe coffee ranging from Decaf to full bodied. 
Corsica - Perfect for Filter Brew
Nizza - Best Suited for Espresso
Phocea - A French Press Favorite
Monte Carlo - Full Body Decaf

We got the Nizza-It had a Caramel & nutty flavor.
Can't wait to see how it tastes in my french press as well as my Brew machine!!!  It was in my car, left the most Scintillating smell that illuminated my car.The Woff it just consumed you. Mmmm-mmm!!
They did have small case , couple pastries, but this place is mostly Coffee & tea.
The blueberry muffin and the oat milk draft latte that I've tried here were great. 

La Colombe is a Philly favorite and a must try at least once - if you're in the area.

I'm an avid coffee drinker and it's definitely a different vibe than your local Starbucks, Dunkin, or Coffee Bean.
I go out of my way to come here for iced coffee. They recently got hemp milk so now I can get a regular cup instead of buying a bottle of cold-brew to take home! Man, that cold brew is so delicious though... 

The line is ALWAYS long but they move it along quickly. Don't let some pretend-clueless hipster cut in line on you. This is Philly. Throw some attitude.
The staff was nice but I felt pressured to order quickly because 1) there's always a line, 2) there's no menu... am I supposed to just KNOW?!, 3) I feel like I'm always being pushed to keep moving along the bar. 

As a newbie in town, I'd appreciate some indication of what they make and what their prices are. I'm not made of money, you know. 

But the decor was lovely. The cafe is large, which probably attributes to the high noise level (everything echoes in there, and they have wood floors). The dishes match the tables. Cute.

Croissant was very tasty! But they close early. And there's no internet :(

Maybe I'm not a coffee expert, but I don't get the hype with their coffee. It just tastes like any other regular cheap coffee to me. Almost a bit too bold and too 'burnt' tasting, imho?

I liked reading here nonetheless.
I think the space is cute and I've been to the location in SoHo.  Now I'm strictly an espresso drinker and well...the espresso just wasn't very good.  Maybe it was an off Saturday.  I dunno.  But it tasted burnt -- like borderline Starbucks quality.  That's not very good.
Anytime you walk through Rittenhouse on a morning or cooler afternoon, it looks like Colombe owns the park... everybody carries these cups around.

They have robust, European minded coffee. I've never stayed inside, but reading that about Colombe in the '90s is fascinating, to see what it's evolved to. As previously stated, there really isn't a perfect cup of coffee I've found (yet) in Philly, but this is one of the better offerings.
So I am not sure which elements result in such rave reviews for LaColombe. Is it all the electrical outlets that don't work? Or, maybe it is that they do not have free WIFI, actually no WIFI at all! Or,  or, maybe it is the disgusting filthy bathroom that both men and women share. 

While the coffee is exceptionally good, I'd rather grab a cup at the Wawa and sit with the homeless a few streets down because they keep their alley cleaner than LaColombe's cafe. Rittenhouse Square, maybe one of the most pleasurable places to experience on the planet, has an armpit...LaColombe. Please spend some money and fix up the joint OK?
Very cheap coffee with great decor! 
BUT, they don't have wifi and cables to charge electronic.
Well, the coffee is good.  So there's that.  It's a little yuppie-happy in there, so I wouldn't camp out or anything, but I like to stop in every once in a while.  The weird thing is the sugar/cream assembly line with your own spoon and saucer... it seems kind of wasteful/time consuming, not to mention the pressure to move along with the dressing of your coffee because the line is out the door.  But, the coffee is good.
