It's been a minute since my last visit to La Calaca Feliz. My husband happened to be in the neighborhood and I was jonesing for tacos so he suggested takeout from La Calaca. Excellent choice! 

We ordered the shrimp tacos, blackened mahi mahi tacos and a side of refried beans all to share. I had some leftover guac and chips at home; otherwise, we probably would have ordered another side or app. 

The tacos were absolutely delicious. There were two flour tacos in the mahi order and three, smaller corn tacos in the shrimp order. Both had entirely different toppings, which I loved. I think the shrimp tacos had a slight edge for my favorite but the mahi was great as well. The beans were solid, too. 

Glad we revisited La Calaca Feliz and I'll be thinking of them for takeout more often in the future!
Dinner at La Calaca Feliz was a great way to end the holiday weekend on a high note. I was happy we made reservations; the dining room was packed the entire time we were there. We were seated in the back left corner by the fireplace. The restaurant is really pretty and has some great little touches, like the high tin ceiling with star chandeliers, the beautiful outdoor seating and the mural on the side wall. 

We started with margs and guac. The reposado margarita was recommended but for a few dollars less, the house margarita was really delicious. The guacamole was awesome - plenty for two and with a little bit of heat. I enjoyed the tortilla soup but the watermelon gazpacho gave it a run for its money; perfect for summer. 

We were treated to a dish from the kitchen that was a special. I can't recall the name but it consisted of noodles, fish sauce, yellowtail, peas, green peppers and mushrooms. It was very Thai-reminiscent, not what I would have expected but absolutely delicious. By the time entrees arrived we were already really full. I had a few bites of the skirt steak and beans from my arrachera dish, but had most of it boxed to go (yay leftovers!). Same with the delicious plantains. I couldn't even fathom a peek of the dessert menu, but I do know that I cannot wait to go back for another meal. It's definitely a strong birthday dinner contender.
Amazing experience for an unexpected weekday night out. We decided to check this place out last minute last week and they were able to accommodate us within 30 minutes. We walked around the area until our reservation time. The food did not disappoint! We tried the nachos which were among the best I've ever had. Next we tried the cauliflower tacos and the bbq cauliflower bowl. They were both amazing. I had a traditional margarita. Solid. Prompt, friendly service.
La Calaca Feliz serves contemporary Mexican cuisine that is traditional and bold in the heart of Philadelphia. The space is beautiful modern classy decor with contrasting colors on the wall and abstract artwork; dark woods, nice lighting, and quiet, intimate backyard seatings.

THE FOOD:
Baja Fish Tacos ($14)- This is the holy fish-taco trinity, and as the dish continues to make its way outside of Mexico and into cities all over the country, La Calaca Feliz does not depart from the core original formula. Served with plantain crusted blue tilapia, cabbage, avocado, lemon vinaigrette, I almost fell off my chair after first bite. A sensational blend of flavors with a perfectly fried fish, I was in heaven.

THE SERVICE/PRICE:
We were greeted immediately by our lovely server, Jen. She was all smiles and approached us with a, "Can I make your dinner as pleasant as possible" type of attitude. We requested outside seatings in the back if possible and they were more than happy to appease our preference. Prices are reasonable for the quality of food prepared.

Everything from the food, ambiance, to service here is great. It's definitely a MUST TRY for any fan of Mexican food hands down! Oh, don't forget to try the margaritas!
This is a good Mexican restaurant with good service. Nothing extraordinary but very decent and we would go back. The outdoor area is nice and small -- good for a margarita on a warm night. Service was good.
La Calaca Feliz is, in my opinion, the best out of three restaurants.  Two words- cauliflower tacos.  Wow!  Cauliflower has never been so delicious.  You must try it.

We made reservations (they take open table) and were seated quickly on a Saturday night.  I got their classic margarita- delicious and dining buddy got the chili margarita which he noted was great, but not nearly as hot as the jalapeno marg at el camino real.  But, nothing is ever spicy/hot enough for his liking, so chili marg sipper beware.  

We started out with the guacamole and pumpkin soup.  The guacamole was fresh and delicious.  Neither of us cared for the pumpkin soup.  It didn't taste like pumpkin, it didn't really taste like squash, and it needed approx. 5 tbsp of salt to taste remotely like anything.  I'd advise against.  As I mentioned earlier, I had the cauliflower tacos and they were maybe some of the best tacos I have ever had.  We also tried the mushroom tacos which were different and delightful.

The service here was great.  Everyone was friendly but not intrusive.  Decorations are fun and atmosphere could be great for a dinner with friends or a nice place to take a date.

All in all, I had a great time at La Calaca Feliz and they have this great little back patio area that makes me wish for warmer days.  I'll definitely be back.
Ya-ba-da-ba-dooo, I loove you La Calaca Feliz! Looks like this gal has finally found her go-to Mexican spot in Philadelphia! When I lived in Philly, I pretty much gave up on the sit-down Mex restaurants. Restaurants such as Distrito and El Vez that are praised enthusiastically somehow fell a bit short for me time and time again (don't get me wrong, I still enjoyed them!). La Calaca Feliz just gave me a phenomenal dining experience..

We came on NYE for dinner, and the service, food, and drinks were simply SPOT-ON. The ambiance is perfect for a intimate date night in the dark or a lunch date on a bright-and-sunny day (the grand windows are so welcoming!). The food was delectable - I highly recommend getting the Nachos De La Casa and the Elotes Loco (Mex street corn) to share. I honestly couldn't tell you which one I loved more because they were both mouthwateringly delicious and unlike any typical nachos and corn. The "Domingo" Sundae is a brownie sundae with peanut caramel popcorn and churros ice cream... just let that sink in. I'm telling you if you're turned off by the uniqueness of that, don't be! Coming from someone who is typically hesitant to try something different, it was delicious! 

Regardless of the fact that it was NYE, the service was all-around fantastic. Our server, Liz, kept us in the loop at all times and checked up on us just the right amount of times, and a manager was even there going from table to table ensuring everyone's having a good experience. We couldn't have picked a better restaurant to celebrate the end of the year. Looking forward to coming back soon! 

Btw, for those of you not too familiar with Philly - La Calaca Feliz is located in the Art Museum District, which is a charming, peaceful, and homey side of town within walking distance of Center City (on a warm day). Although it's not in the heart of the city, the location is ideal for a post-meal walk towards the Art Museum alongside the Schuylkill River!
La Calaca Feliz is such a hidden gem! The food is extremely authentic, and the vibe is very eclectic. Great service. Definitely feels like a true experience - a night out! 

My personal favorites off of their menu are the guacamole and their baja fish tacos. Extremely flavorful and fresh. 

If you're in the area, and you're craving Mexican food, and a vibe with some flair: definitely give this place a try.
After enough times dining out, you learn to recognize good omens.  For instance, if you are at one of your favorite restaurants for lunch and you tell the manager (who you are friendly with) that you are going to XXXX for dinner and he goes "oh damn, that place rules".  This would qualify as a good omen.

What about when a restaurant puts pork 3 ways on a plate?  Personally, I feel like bacon on something is cheating a bit.  Now, top that same suckling pig with bacon and Chicharrón and you've got me.  Another good omen.

Enter La Calaca Feliz, the dinner prefaced by wonderful omens and was equally as delicious in reality.

I want to say that this place has one of the coolest interiors I have ever seen.  The walls are glowing with an awesome floral and mexican mural while the high ceilings and large window just make this place feel so open and light even when it's dark outside.

Foodwise, I was floored.  The meatballs stuffed with fresh cheese and cooked to mouth-watering perfect were just enough to get me ready for the fish tacos and the aforementioned pig 3 ways on a plate.  The fish tacos were fried, a style I'm not normally a fan of but I've become a believer.  They had perfect body and the radish and cabbage tossed with some lemon juice cut through the richness for a perfectly rounded flavor.  The pig 3 ways, well, I'll let your imagination fill in those details.

Honestly, this place is a serious winner.  Fairmount is one of my lesser traveled sections of philly but now I've got a damn fine reason to come back.
Quick question: Haven't been to La Calaca Feliz? 
Now is the time to add it to your must-try list. Its charming courtyard is but one reason to visit this contemporary Mexican Restaurant. You'll find there's many ways to have a nice meal in this charming spot. Hence the name: La Calaca Feliz (that's "The Happy Skeleton"). 

Let's get one thing straight:  It is outdoor season. It's time to head outside for a nice brunch, and grab your sunglasses-- summer is here.

I stopped by La Calaca Feliz for happy hour few times, but my very first visit was actually last fall. I know, I know, my review way overdue, but better late than never. 
Few of us went there for a fright and bite; it was a Halloween dinner special package ($57.00 +tax $4.56).The package included: 3-course-dinner, ticket to Terror Behind the Walls (valid for that day) at the Eastern State Penitentiary and a quick pass. 
Have I mentioned La Calaca Feliz is only one block from ESP.  Bonus!

- First Course: Living Dead Hamachi Ceviche. Great.
- Entrées: Tacos from the Baja Lagoon. Great.
- Desserts: House-made ice cream and/or sorbet. Great.


GREAT restaurant. Seriously.
Four Yelps.
Listen up. And listen closely. Bitches. Trust me when I tell you that the Black Bass is one of the best dishes in the history of dishes. Yes. You're reading this correctly. And don't give me this, "Well you're just some stupidass cat...of course you're going to like the fish." First off, I'll swat you. Secondly, I've roamed through many back alleys from the streets of the Big Apple, to the cobblestone roads (not easy on the paws) of The Golden City, sampling all various cuisines. I sure as hell know whether or not a Chef can stir up a quality meal. The Black Bass? That Chef can cook. However, before you ugly Humans indulge in the Bass, get yourselves the Hiramasa Ceviche, Campechana Tlayuda (shortrib flatbread), and the Crab Fundido, and wash it all down with a few King Bee's and Bestia Margaritas. 

Trust me. This Cat knows what he's talkin' about. 

- Esquire
I am going to admit something quite embarrassing, I spent my Cinco de Mayo at Chili's. Yes, yes I know that you're thinking "but you're so much better than that Bec" and believe me, I know, but I was in this silly excuse of a city called "Harrisburg" and it was either that or Bob Evans; of the two, at least we were being mildly festive. Regardless, here I was at Chili's where in this episode of taco sadness and tequila nonsense made salty by nothing but my tears, I pined for the freshly awarded 3-bell  La Calaca Feliz and the dinner I deserved for this holiday that I don't even celebrate yet feel compelled to partake in if for nothing else but the tacos....and the tequila.

Fast forward 24 hours and I am sitting down for a proper mini fiesta para dos. I stop for a minute or five and take a look around, then I hear the music, I can't help but smile. A whole wall of french doors each sporting a different set of doorknobs and backplates leads out to a courtyard with additional seating to the 60 or so available spots in the main dining room. Exposed beams play host to Moravian star pendants while leading the eye to an ornate pressed tin ceiling. Wall mounted stained glass and feather painted sconces along with animal skulls accent what little space has been left untouched by the painted "la calaca feliz" murals, the happy skeletons for which the restaurant is appropriately named. Visually overloaded, my ears took over perking up to hear Vampire Weekend, Miike Snow, and the Fratellis; upbeat music to match the whimsical environment, I smiled...a lot.

Our server Lauren was awesome, she was nothing but smiles and made some great suggestions off of the menu. Our first instinct was to order pulpo as an appetizer, but opted instead for the Albondigos on the recommendation that it was a crowd favorite; looking back I'm not sure why we ever teetered between the two, these were meatballs stuffed with gooey oaxaca cheese and an ancho berry glaze. For a brief moment after these skewered wonders were consumed I thought that my dining partner was going to pick up the plate and lick it clean, thank God he didn't.

Lauren came back after our appetizer to introduce a special addition to the menu for the evening, she only needed to mention two words before huge smiles creeped up on our faces....SUCKLING PIG. Yeah, we'll take it....and so as not to go too meat-heavy on dinner we also placed an order for fish tacos, this was my post-Cinco de Mayo feast after all and I love tacos more than pretty much anything. A short while later, dinner arrived and here's how it goes...

1. The special: suckling PIG in its own little pot set over black beans and BACON topped with CHICHARRON was a serious piggy party; count 'em up, one-two-three servings of swine in one dish. Served with baby tortillas, salsa verde, and esquites on the side this was what we like to refer to as a "laughable dish"...something so good you can't help but laugh.
2. Fish tacos: crispy blue tilapia set on two tortillas topped with a cabbage slaw and radishes. Now normally fish tacos have a reputation for being greasy to the point of saturating the tortilla, or that the toppings are too soupy that you turn your tortilla to mush and find yourself having to cut what should be a happy little handheld meal. None of these possible problems arose as the tortillas withstood the weight of the fish, the light vinaigrette on the slaw was just enough to taste without being overwhelming and saucy, the two optional additions of chipotle aioli and avocado/cilantro green goodness were left on the side to avoid any additional moisture from breaking the taco.

Dessert was completely unnecessary after the gluttony of dinner, but almost a must since we tried to touch on something from each part of the menu. The tres leche cake topped with thin slices of kiwi and sidelined with chopped mango and whipped cream was a sweet way to close out a fantastic dinner.

So here's the thing, I have given my two thumbs up wholeheartedly cheering that this may have been the best meal consumed since my birthday last fall and while this review comes just days after Mr. LaBan sang his praises, my review has something that his does not...a shoutout to the kitchen of La Calaca Feliz. Where he says that he simply did not have enough room to give kudos to Lucio Palazzo of former Xochitl fame, or Jim Kenngott of Lolita, Yelp gives me tons of room to spout what my friend did shortly after we finished our meal that being  "there is some serious magic coming out of that kitchen". 

If you get nothing else out of this wordy homage to super awesome fare in Fairmount, an oft overlooked neighborhood by myself (guilty) and I'm sure others, get yourself there...now. If you thought it was bad enough finding yourself facing an hour wait as a walk-in, prepare for it to get worse. Word is out that this is THE place to get your Mexican munch on.
My husband and I dined here for the first time last night. I took him for his birthday and we LOVED it! You have to have a reservation! Do not try to go without one. I thankfully made a reservation and we got there about 15 minutes early so we were at the bar having a margarita, and people kept walking in asking for a table with no reservation and we heard "it's about a 2 hour wait..".. so make that reservation! The table that was "ours" was taking a little longer than expected and the manager came up to us at the bar and said that it would just be a few more minutes, etc, at apologized for the wait (although he really didnt need to, it was 5 mins, maybe, but it was such a nice gesture). We got seated, had their good guacamole, I had pulled pork tacos and my husband had the fish tacos. Both were great and we recommend them! We then had "dessert" of a shot of 1800 tequila, which came in fancy little glasses which was fun. While we were seated, the same nice manager that I mentioned before, was asking people to move away from the large door/window (which I assume is open when the patio is open but this night it was raining).. and we were wondering why? But it was to give access to a women in a wheelchair to get into the restaurant. It topped off my first impression as a good one!! :) The restaurant is also decorated very cute and had a fun and casual yet nice vibe!
If you've ever been to Mexico City, you're fully aware of the food scene there. But if you're still waiting for your passport, get on the next plane to Philly and get to this place ASAP! This place will give you a little introduction to what the country has to offer. I was staying in the area and worked up an appetite after conquering the Art Museum so I used my trusty Yelp app and found this gem. And they had a sign on the sidewalk advertising their happy hour specials. I was sold! The place is small as you walk in but towards the back it gets bigger. I wanted to sit at the bar since I came solo, but the seats were already taken and it was only a few; like 10 so I opted for a table in the back. It took a while before a waiter came to my table. I guess they all thought I had been waited on. One came after 7 or so minutes which is quite long for any dining experience. Since the happy hour specials were still going on, I ordered a white wine sangria, elotes loco (Mexican Corn) and a Small pizza (can't remember the actual name of it). My food arrived within 10
Minutes of me placing my order which was a huge plus. The corn had too much mayo so I had to take some off but overall, the food was amazing. I ate it all. If ever I'm back in town, I'll be returning here. Hopefully get a seat at the bar this time!
I will go to La Calaca any day of the week.  It's the weeknight date/happy hour with friends/Saturday lunch outdoors place to go in Fairmount. The baja fish tacos are cornmeal crusted - so even though they're fried, they're still super crispy and refreshing. 
The house margs are what's up - esp for happy hour when they're only $5.50.  They will leave you wondering,"why on earth doesn't everyone use a silver tequila in their house margarita???" 
Let's talk outdoor patios. La Calaca's is an urban oasis out back which is a good size, with strings of lights and a cute garden. 

I would give them 5 stars, except I don't LOVE the guacamole which tastes a little pre-made, whether it is or not, I'm not sure. But really, if you're a Mexican restaurant, you kinda have to have awesome guacamole.

The service has always been exceptional every time I've visited - and although it's generally very busy, they always seem to be able to accommodate one more table. After 5 or 6 visits I think I've only waited for a table once. And really I didn't mind bc the bar is wonderful. 

Also, I can't give 4.5 stars bc yelp doesn't let me ;) but that's how I really feel.
Oh sweet Jesus. It's a miracle I can still type! As I write thing, I am bursting at the seams with the best Mexican food I've had in a long, long time. 

Now I'm not typically a big fan of Mexican food. It's just not my go-to cuisine. But per a really stellar recommendation, I decided to order catering from La Calaca Feliz for 30 hungry software developers for our weekly late-night. Sure, that's a bold move for a place I never tried, but developers love Mexican, even at its worst. 

Not only were Kathy (the manager?) and the Chef super accommodating since I gave them 3 hrs notice, but they put together a truly fantastic spread. We got the chicken and carnitas for tacos, fish tacos, beans and rice, refritos, guac, chips, salsa, and chorizo queso fundido. We also ordered cauliflower for vegetarian tacos. And let me tell ya, I've never heard the office so quiet.....which is definitely a good thing!! 

The chicken was SO juicy, and the tacos came with all the fixings (pickled cabbage, sour cream, queso fresco, onions and cilantro, cactus, salsa roja). The corn soft taco shells had a satisfying chew. The fundido was certainly my guilty pleasure of the night. The refried beans were among the best I've had and frankly, the guac was pretty high up there too. For a chick who doesn't eat Mexican, I ate 3 plates!!! You can tell the ingredients are fresh and the Chef has a passion for his cooking. They've won our entire office over and I'm sure we'll be frequenting them quite a bit!! 


Gracias, La Calaca Feliz, gracias.
I've been excited to try this place for awhile now. 

Great atmosphere and clean, interesting decor. Get passed the cozy bar area and the back opens up to a spacious dining area with high ceilings, mural artwork and cool lighting. So many Mexican places center decor on the kitchy side and it was refreshing to sit within a more mature but unpretentious setting. (My one remark upon seating is that for as nice a place as it was, they had plain old white paper napkins for the place settings...invest in linen roll ups! It suits you more!)

We arrived around 5ish and were the first ones seated, so needless to say service was attentive. Quite a few apps caught our eye on the menu including the octopus and the crab fundido but since we were newbies we figured we should try to guacamole.  It came out fresh, flavorful and just a tad of extra heat, which was all good by me! The chips were fresh and toasty and the house salsa was good. 

The menu isn't huge but definitely enough to choose from. I ordered the Enchiladas Mariscos because I couldn't pass up crab, shrimp and a promised cream sauce.  The fiance ordered the Enchiladas con Pollo in the Mole sauce.  We ordered the side of Mexican corn (which our server nicely offered to cut in half for sharing) and a side of black beans and rice. 

The corn was excellent - charred, rolled in a creamy mayo and dusted with Mexican cheese. Yum!

My seafood enchilada actually came in a red sauce with only ribbons drizzled with cream and I believe a tad of mole. While the chunks of seafood were delicious, I was bummed about the red sauce because it tasted more marinara. I would have chosen the mole or a green Chile sauce instead.  My guy's mole was good but I have to admit that I've had better tasting moles. 

I asked for a side of sour cream but they told me they serve a variation of it with cream and cheese. It was decadent and creamy and the perfect addition to the rice and beans! (Ask for it!)

I enjoyed one margarita over my meal - the Garcia, as suggested by our server. I added blood orange to it.  All drinks are housemade and the one I had was made well. 

We were too full for dessert but the churro ice cream sounded off the hook. 

All in all, a welcome atmosphere for dining out with friends. Our particular meal alone teetered closer to a 3.5 for me but that is partially our faults for ordering standard fare and not branching out more.  I would go back and order a bunch of the good looking appetizers and get more creative with my drinks.
At any other restaurant, I would NEVER allow myself to pay $15 for 2 fish tacos.  At La Calaca Feliz, however, I'll order everything on the menu and gladly wipe out my checking without thinking twice.

Seriously, I hope nothing changes about this place because it's so amazing.

Ordered 2 baja fish tacos for takeout one night.  With tax it came to $16 and some change and I was anticipating it to be bland and not filling and overpriced.  What I got were two large and fresh pieces of fried tilapia, served with a to-die-for crunchy slaw, two mystery dipping sauces, and avocado all wrapped in a blanket of a warm flour tortilla.  Definitely worth every penny.

I went back for dinner with my boyfriend since I was so pleased with my takeout experience and let me just say, the place is adorable and the decor just reads authentic Mexican.  First thing I noticed were the bins of fresh ingredients at the bar area/visible kitchen with a wood-burning stove: sticks of cinnamon, chili peppers, etc.  I knew I was gonna love this place.

After being greeted by all the servers and the head chef, we were lead to a cute outdoor patio in the back with a large tree and a couple of candlelit tables.  Our waitress was super helpful with the menu and her suggestions were spot-on.

Drinks:  Got a margarita with mango and although I don't usually like them on the rocks, this was the best margarita I've had in a while.  The waitress actually said even their sour mix is handmade from scratch.  Boyfriend ordered "Morning Dew" which was essentially a can of Mountain Dew, a shot of some type of aged tequila, and a glass with ice.  Mixing the two actually made sense.

Appetizer:  Ordered the crab fundido which was a hot fondue pot with chunky crab, tons of cheese, and cilantro to top it off, served with fresh corn tortilla chips, which you can tell were made from scratch right on the premises.  (Still kicking myself for not ordering the guacamole, served El Vez style)

Entrees:  I got the Arranchera which was a perfectly seasoned flank steak with a bit of lime zest and the best sweet, smooth refried beans I've ever had.  I was given fresh corn tortillas on the side if I wanted to make it a taco.  Sweeet.  Boyfriend got the waitress' suggestion of the sea bass, which was cooked perfectly and served on a creamy risotto-style bed of rice and sweet corn.  The steak was amazing, but I still like the fish tacos better.

Dessert:  Had the brownie sundae.  Sounds boring, right? Wrong.  1) Rich, decadent chocolate brownie on bottom, 2) layered with a cinnamon churro flavored ice cream, 3) topped with crunchy, salty homemade caramel popcorn, whipped cream and a cherry, 4) drizzled in a hot caramel sauce.  AMAZING.  A little small, but after the whole meal, I could barely move anyway.

With tip, I think it all came to like $110 which I can honestly say was 100% worth it, down to every last detail.

Cannot wait to try everything on the menu.
I finally had the opportunity to try one of La Calaca Feliz's daily specials and it absolutely warrants a review update. 

With the date being National Margarita Day, dinner at La Calaca Feliz was a no brainer. My husband and I had a 6:15 reservation but were seated upon our 6pm arrival. We were seated at a cozy table/booth against the window but totally alleviated my past concerns of cramped quarters. It was nestled in the back and we had a much more private experience. 

Leah was once again our server and I cannot say enough good things about her. She's friendly, personable, attentive and down to earth. She had a great understanding of the regular menu and specials and was able to offer her advice when needed. 

Her description of the special of the day had me sold. It was a local red snapper with guajillo and cauliflower purée with a citrus vinaigrette. The snapper was so light and fresh. The cauliflower puree was creamy and flavorful. The citrus vinaigrette added a nice contrast of sweet to the dish. My only beef was that I wish the dish was larger. Of course it paired perfectly with their Feliz Margarita.  My husband went with the grilled chicken mole again and really enjoyed his dish as well.

Since it was a brisk winter's night, we deemed it was warm enough and necessary to try the churros ice cream. It was the perfect cinnamon close out to the meal. 

I can't say enough good things about La Calaca Feliz and look forward to my next visit.
La Calaca loses a star in this review.  The guacamole is staggeringly delicious.  The entrees (baja fish tacos) were delicious.  The plantains (pronounced /plantn/, which no one on the staff seems to know) are awesome.  The service is attentive and warm.

But there are issues.  The desserts are lackluster and need to be rethought completely. They taste like nothing.  Flavorless.  The coffee and decaf are equally unimpressive.  Seriously, how difficult can that be?  The bathrooms could be cleaner, as well as the service area next to them, where garbage bin was overflowing.

Let's learn how to pronounce the food on the menu.  Plan-tain is so, er, ah, Philly.
Perhaps all the years on the West coast have caused me to have a teribly jaded palate when it comes to the Mexican food I've so far sampled in Philadelphia, but this place was a very big, unfortunate disappointment.

I made reservations on Open Table and went with a friend. We started with the regular guacamole and chips. Chips were very good and fresh-still warm in fact-and not greasy at all. There was a side of some type of salsa included with the order which we both liked. The guac was served in a molcajete and the quantity we got for $12.95 felt like it was overpriced and under delivered. It tasted okay, nothing outstanding, but it barely covered the bottom of the molcajete. There were 3 enormous flattened chunks of not quite ripe avocado taking up a lot of room in the serving. I could not even break them up with a knife and fork; that is how hard they were. Since I make guacamole in my own molcajete at home. I have a very good idea what constitutes the 'full' line in one, and this serving came nowhere near that. We did not have our chips replenished, even after politely asking a few times and saying we'd gladly pay for more.

Our server was professional but not warm. He kept our water glasses filled and was coldly attentive. The red wine sangria was nicely done, but the enchiladas (I had the seafood ones, my friend the pollo) were just generic 'food.' All the fish protein in mine was overcooked and mushy. Absolutely no seafood flavor. The tortillas in both our orders had a weird consistency and the sauce that overwhelmed both dishes tasted like spaghetti sauce. My friend said his enchilada suffered from dry, overcooked chicken in spite of the cheese and crema and he did not care for the weird sauce, either. Considering all the ingredients-chipotle creme, salsa ranchera, queso and so on in the enchiladas, in addition to the protein, one would think there would be some juicy gustatory fireworks going on. Nope.

Dessert was listed as chocolate cake with a scoop of ice cream. We split this. The cake was more like a cold, heavy brownie minus the chocolate or cocoa flavoring with equally bland ice cream on top. Since the scoop was white, I suppose it was vanilla. There was an unpleasant, watery brownish sauce in the bottom of the serving dish. It was bitter and cold like the other ingredients. Coffee maybe? No real idea exactly what it was supposed to be. We tried to avoid it, but perhaps if we hadn't, it would have added some taste, albeit nasty, to the dessert.

We spent $75 before tax and tip for very subpar food that was not even, in my estimation, vaguely Mexican. Needless to say, neither one of us will be back. Blue Corn in South Philly still gets my 5 star, best Mexican restaurant vote.
Mexican cuisine often makes me nervous.  Too frequently it means plates piled high with sticky rice and refried beans; stringy, sinewy meat, slathered with goopy sauce, loosely bound by greasy wheat tortillas.  Whether or not this is "authentic" Mexican, is not my problem.  However, the notion of "fancy Mexican" food can seem something of an oxymoron.  It is, inherently, a comfort food, with arguably no ambitions of a higher calling.  But for me, the art of good Mexican cuisine is in the balance. And masters of this craft walk the line between tactful elegance and honest humility.  La Calaca Feliz has mastered this balance.

My girlfriend and I were running low.  Five hours of shopping on a post-Christmas Saturday had us drained of just about everything.  I live in the Art Museum area and I've been meaning to try out the relatively new neighborhood addition La Calaca Felix for some time.  Now was that time.  We were famished enough not to care about the danger of refried beans and triple cheese chimichangas.  Bring it on.  We were immediately impressed by the décor and service.  The bar is inviting and stylish.  The dining room is warm and tastefully thematic.  Our waitress was an oracle.  She knew what we wanted before we did.  So far, so good.   

We started with a round of Mezcal drinks, which for me, sparked fuzzy memories of dark alleys in Tijuana.  The Pork Belly Gordita paved serious inroads into the meaning of life.  Talk about a fantastic medley of mysterious flavors mixed with fresh classic ingredients.  The Pulpo (octopus) skewers were on par with the best octopus in the city (I've had them all).  And the Duck confit stuffed jalapenos were original and bold.  The Baja Fish Taco's were buttery, flaky morsels of fun.  My only critique would be that the tilapia should have been baked instead of fried.  The Carnitias (pulled pork) Tacos were petite little pockets of pure perfection.  Again, the freshness of the ingredients was impossible to miss, and the corn tortillas were a nice, authentic touch.  The wine selection was very nice.  We enjoyed a fantastically spicy La Rioja Tampranillo, which perfectly complimented every flavor of our meal.  Neither of us are particularly desert people, but we didn't want the meal to end.  The warm chocolate cake with spicy fudge drizzle was delightful.

La Calaca Feliz has found the balance.  The food is exquisite.  The service is stellar.  The atmosphere is fun.  And the price tag was a relief.  If you're ever in the mood to be pleasantly surprised, I'd highly recommend La Calaca Feliz.  El Vez and Distrito may have the trendy chefs and flashy décor, but La Calaca Feliz has the food.  I'll see you there.
I have been meaning to try La Calac for the longest time now, having lived a 10-minute walk away from it for almost 3 years now. Me and my girlies from work decided to take advantage of the happy hour. However, the prices for happy hour to me seemed a bit steep. $5 for margaritas and Sangrias I can live with but $5 dollar for a single taco I am not so sure about. Although $2 off draft beer was definite steal. 

The service seemed off. We felt forgotten because none of the staffs were ever in sight and not once we were checked up on. I never recieved a glass of water upon my arrival. Food was ok, but if the staff were a bit more attentive, I believe I would have enjoyed it way more.
If there is one restaurant I absolutely adore in Philadelphia it is La Calaca Feliz. I highly recommend venturing out to Fairmount if you have a chance. It is less congested, airy, and they have a cool jail for touring if you needed an activity to pair with your meal destination. There are also a bunch of bars in the area.

We went to La Calaca Feliz on a particularly hot day. It was our first visit and we were pleased to find out they had outdoor seating. We were able to enjoy the sun under a tree. Their backyard is nicely set up. It's friendly, inviting, and very cute. I would love to have a small party there.

The service was excellent from start to finish. The staff was super nice, refilled our waters over and over again, and even gave us recommendations for our next meal.

The food was fantastic, fresh, and delicious. For appetizers we had the pulpo with arugula and radish and the asparagus tlayuda. The tlayuda was just like a Mexican pizza. It was so good. For our main dishes we got the fish tacos and pork belly tacos. Next time, I would think to get only one order of tacos and try another dish. It was definitely a lot of food/tacos. By the end of dinner, I wish we weren't so stuffed. Their dessert menu is mouth watering. Tres leches cake, Mexican chocolate cake... I can't wait to come back.
I went for dinner I had the stake tacos w potato links, they cooked the meat perfectly, I was blown away
my girl had the shrimp w rice and corn, she couldn't stop moaning while eating it

the food is pleasurable and refreshing - fewer perfectly chosen ingredients in the right amounts, in perfect texture and temperature - you can taste everything just right

note to owners - plz do something about that door knob hole near the purple wall, I could feel a draft
I'm LoCo for La Calaca :) 

The selection of margaritas is impressive. Even though I like to keep it simple with the original no salt, my friends loved the triple chili margs. The nachos, guacamole, chicken tacos, and the salsa verde enchiladas were universally loved by the table and more importantly, by me!

I've been here with my gluten free friend several times over the past few months and LOVED it every time. The waiters were all very accommodating and made an extra effort to keep all our items gluten free, as per our request. GF or not - the hike to Fairmont from CC (or wherever your live) is worth it.
We had a superb experience here. Actually, my fiancé had a great lunch here without me, brought me back and had ANOTHER great experience. So, they're consistent!

From the moment we walked in, the staff was kind, pleasant and accommodating. Everyone said hi to us (literally every bartender, host and server.) I had a skinny margarita that was perfection.

And then...the food.

We got the crab mango guacamole. Wasn't sure how the flavors would fly, but it was amazing. And they brought out warm chips with a sweetish chili salsa that was a perfect complement.

For dinner, we shared the carne asada tacos and the short rib. If I had to pick one, the short rib would win hands down. It fell apart with the touch of a fork, was bathed in an amazing pepper sauce, on a pillow of smooth refried beans, with pickled onions. I would get it again, in a heartbeat. Tacos were good too, but I might stray to fish or pork next time!

Dessert was phenomenal - fiancé got the sundae last time and loved it. We got the butter cake with apple butter and butter pecan ice cream (butter on butter). It was decadent and yet not over-indulgent. Happy we shared, it was the perfect end to the meal.

We will be back!
We came here with friends for our first dinner in Philly. Our friends raved about it and we're always up for Mexican, so we thought it was a slam dunk. It wasn't, but it wasn't an air ball either - somewhere in between.

I really like the space. We wanted to sit outside on their lovely patio, but there wasn't space for a party our size. Instead, we say in a large booth in the back corner. All of our dinner companions frequent the place and were quite friendly with the staff. Everyone was so nice, that it's truly disappointing that I can't like it more than I do. 

To start, I went with the three chile margarita; I actually had two and they were my favorite thing about my meal. Sweet, spicy and delicious. Manfriend and I ordered the hamachi ceviche to split as our starter. It was good, but for the price, I thought the portion was scant.

For our main, our entire table ordered the fish tacos. They were so hyped, it seemed silly to go with anything else. The tacos were fine, not my favorites by a stretch. The amount of fish in each taco was generous, but the flavors fell flat. I was gobsmacked that they charge $14 for two tacos; just two tacos, not rice, beans or anything else. To accompany our dinner, we ordered  rice and beans, sweet plantains, and chochoyotes. Of the three, the sweet plantains are the only item I'd order again. The rice and beans were average; not bad and not remarkable. I was intrigued by the chochoyotes or Mexican gnocchi; the dish is ok, but missing something that would make the flavors really pop. It felt kind of like an odd menu pairing, like I'd just ordered a side of Italian food to go with my tacos. Maybe if the flavors had more of a latino flair, I'd feel differently. The plantains were the star; so delicious, these I would order again without hesitation.

Bottom line, I left feeling like I dropped an above average amount of money on a very average meal.
I've been here a handful of times and every time I go, we get the crab guacamole. This is a MUST. The avocado, crab, and mango are such a good combination! They're very generous in their chips, so if you finish them off and still have guacamole, just ask for more. 

I've had both the fish tacos and mahi mahi tacos and I really enjoyed them. The fish it cooked and seasoned great, but I like whatever they throw on top and the sauces they give you. 

Come for the guac!
As my friend and I dug into our respective tacos and sides last night, we agreed on one important fact:

We were glad we weren't on a date. Messy, messy.

I've been wanting to check out La Calaca Feliz since before my move to Fairmount, and many a Yelper had insisted that it was a must-try. I was not led astray. This place is GOOD.

For my first visit, I chose the chicken tacos with a side of chochoyotes. When I cleared my plate, I was probably a little too pleased with myself. But, that's extremely rare for me! I *always* walk out with a box. That right there is a testament to the greatness of the food.

Oh, and I had a margarita and it was awesome, because of course.
Went out with my co workers, 8 of us and the accommodated us ( we did call) the good was amazing. The cheese and sausage dip was to die for. I had steak tacos and they were super tasty. My favorite was the spicy margarita. I will go back just got that.  Our waiter was on it. He was super and informative without bring over the top.  My new favorite Mexican place
After waiting a few months for the crazy buzz to die down, I'm glad we finally got to check out La Calaca. They have a done a great job updating the space from a Italian restaurant to Mexican! I love the murals and the banquettes along the wall. Plus there are 2 TVs in the bar area. 

Side note: the doors were open to the courtyard (due to the unseasonably war weather) and has about 5 -7 additional tables. It's a lovely space and this will be a desired spot when it gets especially warm! 

I went with the Feliz margarita with blood orange. It was pretty strong. For a few dollars more, the chiquita margarita (their skinny margarita) is very fresh tasting. They also have a small but solid draft list. The short rib nachos are really good - tons of cheese and toppings. The pulpo skewers were also a nice starter: grilled with a nice flavor from the accompaniments. The fish tacos are excellent - a big piece of fried fish topped with slaw. They come with two sauces - an avocado crema and a chipotle mayo. The avocado crema was my favorite. My husband had the crab and shrimp enchiladas, which he said were very good. 

La Calaca is bound to draw comparisons to Isabel. Having dined at both now, I would rate the food equally. Both are a little pricey for the amount of food, but the quality is excellent. Isabel has the benefit of BYOB, but La Calaca has a beautiful courtyard and can definitely accommodate larger parties. 

Either way, after the years Fairmount has lacked a Mexican restaurant, it's awesome to have 2!
Saturday's dinner at La Calaca Feliz was long overdue considering I love Mexican food and live in Fairmount.  Although I've been there before for drinks at the bar and drinks outside, I wanted the full experience. 

I booked a table for two on Opentable earlier that morning. At the time of the morning, a lot of the popular slots were still open for a party of two. Don't expect to get a reservation during peak dining hours if you don't plan a little in advance. I checked again in the evening and they were practically fully booked through 9pm. That had always been my problem with past attempts to visit for dinner, I would try to make the reservation too late in the day. 

Opentable wasn't lying. When we showed up for our 7:30 reservation, the place was totally packed. There were people at every spot at the bar and pouring out onto the narrow path that leads from the bar to the dining area. The dining area was packed pretty tightly as well. The tables were very close together and the room was very loud. My husband and I were initially concerned about this, however as we sat down and got adjusted, the noise wasn't really a problem. All of the servers and bussers did a great job navigating the tight areas. Although, at one point the people at table next to us saw people they knew. Their friends came over to say hello and there were people standing over us and practically hanging over our table. I definitely wasn't thrilled about those close quarters and wish there was just a little more space in between the tables. This is really the sole reason for giving La Calaca Feliz a 4 start review. 

The food, drink and service were awesome! Our server was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. When taking our order, she paused to get her pen and notepad and then apologized for writing our order down. We thought there was no need to apologize! If you get our order right (which she did), those extra few seconds are invaluable. The only thing off about the service was that we had to ask for chips and salsa. I would have liked them to arrive around the same time as our margaritas. However once we asked, they were brought over promptly. Here's a little rundown of what we got:

Drinks: My husband and I both got the Feliz Margarita. They were definitely strong but only the first sip actually tasted strong. The margaritas had a fresh, citrus taste, which was obviously great since all the non-liquor ingredients were supposedly made fresh.

Food: For an appetizer I went with the pumpkin soup and my husband went with the pork spare ribs pizza. The menu was a little confusing. It looks like the spare ribs were just spare ribs and not on a pizza. Even when looking at the online menu, I honestly don't see anything about a "pizza" or even a tortilla. He asked for the cheese on the side; they were able to honor the request and still give him a tasty dish. I had a slice and a half myself and it was quite yummy. The pumpkin soup was my favorite though. I'm used to a sweeter pumpkin flavor and the soup was more "bitter". It wasn't bitter in a bad way, it was just savory versus sweet. The texture was full and creamy. It came with an avocado chunk (versus cut up). Muy perfecto! 

For our mains, my husband went with the grilled chicken mole and I went for the baja fish tacos. There were so many things I wanted to try, but I figured I'd go with the Yelp consensus and give the tacos a shot. Yelp steered me in the right dinner direction yet again. The tacos were awesome! The tilapia was light despite being crusted on the outside. The cabbage, avocado and sauces took the flavor to the next level. Each ingredient was theoretically fairly common or basic for a Mexican dish however together it had a great contemporary, gourmet taste. It was truly a fantastic meal.

Despite the temptation for dessert, I knew eating ice cream before walking into the cold, cold night would have been a bad idea. The description of the churros ice cream sounded amazing and I will have to come back and try it on a warmer night.

Although I stuck to the menu, the specials of the day sounded intriguing. If you want to develop a food crush, just follow La Calaca Feliz on Facebook. They post pictures of their specials of their ever changing specials on a regular basis and everything always looks fantastic! 

Despite the cramped quarters, we had dinner that was "muy delicioso". I can't wait to come back and dive deeper into their menu.
How did something so beautiful land on Fairmount Avenue?  Having never been inside Iluminaire I'll never know what kind of construction Calaca Feliz went through, but when I entered I was blown away by the lighting, the colors, and the architecture of the restauarant squeezed into such a tiny spot on Fairmount.  The front area has bar seating and an open kitchen where you can see everything prepared.  What I assume was the pizza oven from Illuminare remains in tact and I am pretty sure it melted the cheese on my tasty nachos.

The back of the restaurant opens up into cathedral ceilings with beautiful stained glass windows, a gilded ceiling, and dia de los muertos murals on the walls.  It was a bit cold to be outside, but I could see that the little courtyard they had was inviting and romantic.  And I loved the little star lamps that hung from the ceiling.  I was already sold before I ordered.

That said, when I did order, I chose the nachos, jicama salad, fish tacos, and hamachi ceviche.  The nachos didn't stand a chance which meant that I was a little too full to finish the rest of my food.  By far, the freshest nacho platter you'll have for a reasonable price.  Chopped tomatoes, fresh jalepenos, roasted peppers, black beans, and hot melted cheese come bubbling hot to your table in a deceivingly petite crock.  The boo and I didn't leave many survivors.  

As we were splitting everything, I was delighted when our waitress brought out everything we ordered in two evenly split dishes.  They created individual taco and salad plates out of the jicama salad and fish tacos.  Even though we were splitting, the taco was substantial.  Two sauces of an avacado and chipotle variety accompanied the fried tilapia taco topped with avacado, radishes, and lime.  Crunchy and refreshing, the taco even survived until dinner the next day when it was eaten cold - and still delicious!  

This place is doing everything right.  Fresh margaritas, good food, and beautiful scenery...plus their staff knows the menu.  I definitely will return with more room for drinks.
Oh, La Calaca Feliz.  You have stolen my heart.  I'm a big Distrito fan, but then La Calaca Feliz came onto the scene and I'm all like shoot.  I CAN'T DECIDE WHERE TO GO.  I literally have to flip a coin when I want Mexican because I can NOT decide between the two of you.

Let's start with the guacamole.  Some of the best, most addicting guacamole I have ever had in my life.  Really well seasoned, in that big volcano rock bowl.  I just wish it came in bigger portions. 

Now onto nachos.  The nachos.  THE.  NACHOS.  With those flaming hot little red pepper rings that punch me in the face and surprise me every time.  So delicious.  I came for brunch one time and ordered a sunny-side up egg on top of the nachos and good lord.  Who knew?  Yolk porn + nacho porn = sluttacular brunch.

I've also tried the black bean soup, which was awesome, and I'm not a soup person.  The fish tacos - full of crunchy vegetables and tender and delicious.  The plantains - [insert heart-eyed emoji here].  The chicken enchiladas - amazing - which I've also had at brunch topped with scrambled eggs and whaaat?  Amazing.

I love you, La Calaca Feliz.

Also :: THANK YOU for the fantastic kids menu.  Thank you for recognizing that foodie parents have foodie kids that like to eat at nice restaurants too.
Went here last night and is a short walk from the philly art museum. Good ambience and got seated immediately on a Friday night even without reservations. Fish tacos were definitely yummy, though could have been seasoned a little more so I ended up using most of the sauce. Two tacos for 18$ with tip and tax is very overpriced but it is philly. Service was alright
I love Xochitl and Lolita, so when I heard some of the folks behind those restaurants were opening up a spot in Fairmount, I was looking forward to trying it. Big disappointment. Ok, not big, but La Calaca Feliz certainly doesn't live up to the food at either of the aforementioned restaurants. 

Unless you live in the area, there's no reason to go out of your way to visit. The decor, atmosphere and service were good, and while the food was fine, it just wasn't interesting. We had the guac, enchiladas, tacos and a pitcher of sangria. I'm not even sure the tortillas were housemade. I'd much prefer the tacquerias on Washington Ave. 

Just a heads-up: It's tough to get a table on a Friday night. La Calaca only takes reservations for parties of 6, but I was told that we could call ahead 20 minutes to put our names on the list. So I did and was told the wait was actually going to be 45 minutes. No prob. We arrived on time, just a few minutes before the 45-minute mark. But then I was told by the host that it would be another 45 minutes. O-k. 

Luckily, if you need to pass the time, there are several great watering holes in the area, including Bishop's Collar, Brigid's and London. Then again, you might just be better off having your dinner at one of those restaurants instead of La Calaca.
Finally, a Mexican restaurant in Fairmount. A good one, even! This place is high-end and priced accordingly. 

If you're getting a margarita, consider upgrading it to Corralejo Blanco tequila. The seasonal fruit margaritas (such as watermelon in the summer time) are excellent. 

The fish tacos here are a favorite of mine.

Now if we could just get a decent sit-down Chinese-american restaurant in Fairmount too.
Initially, when I began to rate this place, I couldn't bring myself to give it 5 stars. Then I tried to think of why, and truthfully, I cannot think of anything that could be improved. So 5 stars it is!

I have been to La Calaca Feliz (or as my Google voice to text calls it "Locka Locka Feliz") many times....for happy hour, shark week prix-fixe menu, take-out, dinner,the 2016 blizzard (their menu was limited-but had cocktails!), and their annual pig roast. 

We moved from Phoenix almost 2 years ago and Mexican food is one of my faves. LCF has some really good Mexican food. Their carnitas taco NEVER disappoints and I have also really enjoyed their enchiladas. There really isn't anything I haven't liked on the menu, although the shark guacamole during shark week pushed my boundaries a bit. 

They've got a great happy hour (cocktails and food in the bar, cocktails in the dining room). Sometimes, their margaritas are a little tart for me but I still really like them. 

Prices are very reasonable and the atmosphere is very comfortable. Easily one of my favorite places to eat in the area.
This is phenomenal, contemporary Mexican food. Think a much better El Vez. I am picky when it comes to my Mexican, and La Calaca came through. A friend recommended it. The Baja fish tacos were killer. House made guac was great! Happy hour drink prices were nice too! Clean, cute, quant enviroment and a must visit if you are in the Fairmont area!
Having moved to the Fairmount area, one of the places I was excited to finally try was La Calaca Feliz. Chef-owner Tim Spinner's debut restaurant was well-deserved after years of cooking alongside Iron Chef Jose Garces at El Vez (coincidentally one of our favorite Mexican restaurants in Center City). It received  three bells from Craig La Ban to boot! And so on a bright sunny day, the GF and I stopped by for some proper Mexican fare.

The space was larger than initially expected, with a great outdoor space in the back - perfect for lively parties. If it's nice enough, do get a space outside for a somewhat al fresco experience. 

Chiquita Margarita [$12]
Skinny margarita, espolon blanco, fresh lime juice, cointreau

As expected, go with the margaritas here - even the GF's skinny version was good. Not overly sweet or tart, the mellow flavors were accentuated by the cointreau.

Stagger Lee [$9]
Bourbon, honey, pineapple, jalapeno

I was on a bourbon kick, so went with the Stagger Lee - as weak as the rapper unfortunately - almost to the point of tasting like water. The jalapeno added some spicy freshness, but I felt like the tipple could have used some lime. Stick with the margs!

Guacamole Traditional [$9.95]
Avocado, tomato, jalapeno, onion 

The traditional guac was fresh and had nice hints of jalapeno and lime. Nothing as spectacular as El Vez, but certainly a decent iteration. It was served with house-made chips and a pat of salsa, which was unfortunately a bit bland and tempered.

Pulpo a la Parilla [$9.95]
Octopus, achiote, crispy chocoyotes

On the other hand, the octopus was great. The char from the grill was evident and lent itself nicely to the pulpo. The well-seasoned crust surrounded the tender pulpo. The crispy gnocchi offered similar textural contrasts and the radish and cilantro helped to provide some freshness to each bite.

Asparagus Tlayuda [$10.95] with Fried Egg [+ $1]
Asparagus, truffle, poblano, jalapeno, requeson, queso mixto, manchego bechamel

The Mexican 'pizzette' provided some traditional flavors of truffle, asparagus, topped with a fried egg. The bechamel helped to add some creaminess to each bite of the crispy tortilla.

Chorizo Tacos [$10.95]
Mexican sausage, baby potato, onion, cilantro, salsa verde

At this point, the manager, Zach, stopped by with some complimentary chorizo tacos. When showcased as the primary protein, I typically find chorizo to be overly greasy. But these were delicious, with the baby potatoes soaking up the grease and spice. The condiments helped to provide some acidity and herbaceousness.

Carnitas Tacos [$10.95]
Pulled pork, salsa roja, onions, cilantro, avocado

The GF went with the carnitas, which were moist and pure pork flavor. The fresh avocado wedges added some rich creaminess and the corn tortillas were fresh. Do get these!

Pork Belly Tacos [$11.95]
Soy chili glaze, avocado, pickled onions, cucumber 

And of course, I had to get the pork belly tacos. The vinegar-based slaw provided the perfect counterbalance for the creamy avocado and sweet, soy-based sauce glaze on the crisp bits of pork belly.

After a somewhat slow start with my drink and salsa, I'm glad the meal picked up. La Calaca Feliz is on point with its tacos and from the execution of its pulpo, I'm excited to try some of the other menu items in the future. It's clear there's a reason Tim Spinner's spot is popular with the Fairmount crowd.
This is one of the most special meals that I've gotten to share with my s/o. We decided to get the 3-course Chef's Tasting (a steal at $29 per person!) and one margarita each. I got the Feliz Margarita with fresh blood orange puree mixed in - perfect sweetness. 

The "3-course" Chef's Tasting was not actually 3 courses. It was more like 6! 

Chips, house guac, and Oaxacan salsa - Be warned, the guac is dense, creamy, and filling. Perfect onion/tomato to avocado ratio. The salsa has a smoky olive edge and compliments the guac well. 

Hamachi tostadas - Adorable bite-sized tostadas with raw hamachi and onion. Fresh texture and laid gently on a dab of guacamole.

Pig-ear tacos - Quite a unique dish. The kind of dish you would not order of your own volition, yet you know it must be on the menu for a reason. These were perfectly cooked so that the cartilage was more crunchy than elastic, and coated in a rich tomato-y, spicy sauce. Beware of the spice but it's oh so good. 

Brussel sprouts corn pizza - Great ingredients but not my favorite. Whipped ricotta and shaved brussel sprouts on a corn flatbread with garlic bechamel sauce. A bit creamy for me but huge portions, if huge portions please you.

Chicken tinga tacos - Juicy and tender shredded chicken on a flour tortilla, drizzled in crema sauce and sprinkled with queso fresco. Really yummy but we were already starting to get stuffed.

Prawns with quinoa tamale, black beans and rice - By the time this came we were extremely full. As I write this we are still extremely full. We took most of this to go and we'll enjoy it to its partial justice tomorrow. 

But seriously. This is the first fancy meal that has satisfied b's appetite. We have finally discovered a good meal that will not create a rift between my modest, discerning palate and his black hole of a stomach. 

Our waiters/waitresses were so good to us. It was b's birthday so they gave us a very yummy dark chocolate raspberry cake with vanilla ice cream to conclude our meal. The chocolate ganache frosting tasted like the stuff of your favorite truffles. 

TLDR; You have to come here and do the $29 tasting menu:)
I'm a little shook I've never written a review for this spot. I live in the area and come here OFTEN. It's basically the only Mexican spot in Fairmount. 

They do have an HH until 7 on weeknights and it's $2 off margs (which makes the margs like $6-$8). Not a great deal, especially with center city spots not too far away. When I come here for HH it's for the convenience; not the deals. They also have taco Tuesdays were it's $2 off all tacos. 

The nachos are dope. Always start with the chicken nachos. I've also tried enchiladas, decent and the chicken tacos and mahi mahi tacos. The GRILLED mahi tacos are SO good. Could definitely do without the fried. 

It does get crowded here, so make a ressy - they are on open table. The service is usually hit or miss. I've had great service and pretty subpar service. 

Aesthetic - cute as heck. During the summer they have a cute little outside seating in the back. And the inside decor is romantic and cute. 

In all, a decent spot for Mexican. Not my go-to, although I do find myself here out of convenience and proximity.
I'm very familiar with Cantina Feliz and I had always hoped there would be a time they'd open a place in the city.  I'll skip all the theatrics about the atmosphere, aside from saying that the open kitch is a great touch.  I love the big pizza oven being reused to make mexican food.  

I had the wild mushroom Tlayuda, which was great.  These are a bit different than the Huraches at Cantina Feliz because they are round, and the pizza oven at Calaca adds a nice char to the masa crust of the mexican pizza.  This is great.

We had the alambres, sort of a mexico meets swedish meatball stuffed with cheese.  These are awesome.  Would be a perfect snack at the bar with an IPA.  

I ordered the duck stuffed pepper.  This was awesome.  I've never had so many flavors packed into one bite.  It was so flavorful that at times it was confusing.  I think theres dried apricots, duck donfit, walnut sauce, pomegranate seeds inside a hollowed out poblano.  So delicious.  The duck was really rich, almost like a short rib.  My fiance got the swordfish skewers and let me try them.  The vera cruz sauce they were in complimented the chargrilled fish perfectly.  Everything we tasted was exceptional.

Oops, I almost forgot the cocktail I had, the Scarlett Begonia.  It was delicious.  A must hve.
I came here for brunch. The food was good. I had the Baja fish tacos with avocados, and my friend had the churros French toast.  The service was terrible. Our waitress forgot about us several times! About 70 minutes in, I was about to order another drink when she told us we had to leave because there was a 90 minute limit due to the pandemic. She said she could have my drink packed to go. I declined and we wrapped up and left.  We were never informed about the time limit in the beginning, but we just decided to leave because the service was terrible anyway.
Yay! So excited to finally have a mexican place in fairmount that has a liquor license! The ambiance is really unique and bright! Definitely personable.

 I went on a Sunday with a rather large group of people and disappointed that you couldn't get margaritas by the pitchers but you could get sangria by the pitcher. That just seems backwards. The marg I got was $8 and was delicious! The salsa and guac were amazing! We also got the campechano tlayuda appitezier (shortrib taco). It came with 3 tacos which were delicious, esp with some salsa on them. The brownie sundae with churro ice cream and caramel popcorn was AMAZING! The popcorn came in big chunks, which was hard to eat with everything else. But when you broke apart the chunks and got a bite of all three, holy moly! It was sweet, rich, salty perfection! Can't wait to go back!

One weird thing was to get to the bathroom from the bar you have to walk through the kitchen 'run' area. For some reason, the staff stops and stares at you. EVERY TIME! It was SUPER awkward. Everyone in our party commented on the odd behavior. Luckily by my 4th margarita I stopped caring if they were judging all my trips to the bathroom. 

I definitely recommend checking this place out. They don't take reservations and have been on a wait recently. Bar seats about 12 but has a little standing room area toward the front (perfect for our group of 10-15). We were told they're redoing the old outside area to be a bar! Can't wait to check that out!
I was stuck between 3 and 4 and I think it's a solid 3.5. There was nothing particularly notable about the food BUT the place was so nice and much bigger than I expected. Loved the lights the paintings and the space outside. Even though I felt my food experience was pretty average (not bad though), their drinks were pretty good. 

I got carnitas tacos and my boyfriend got carne asada. Firstly, was IMMENSELY disappointed with the fact that they didn't have al pastor???? What taco/Mexican place doesn't have the most iconic of all the tacos, the al pastor??? Anyways, the carnitas were a little dry but overall a straightforward taco and definitely ate all of them lol. My boyfriend really enjoyed his carne asada and I didn't get to try much of it but it seemed good. We also got a guac to share which was good and to the point. 

I did think they were quite overpriced for what they offered. The tacos were 12$ and the carne asada was $22 and the guac was $13??? I'm all for paying more for my food when it warrants it, specially in supporting fine dining or elevated experiences for cuisines that have more traditionally been street or casual food but I didn't think this quite cut it. I wouldn't mind eating here again, it was a pleasant experience but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there.
I'm always happy when a new Mexican place opens up in the city so I went with some friends to check it out last night.  We had reservations for 7:30pm (note: they only take reservations for parties of 6 or more). The bar area is small and cramped and was packed.  Once we squeezed past that we were lead into a large, stylish dining room with big round booths to accommodate large groups. 

Our server was friendly and attentive, our waters were refilled multiple times without having to ask.  The food is delish.  I started out with an order of nachos split with a friend.  It's big enough to be an app for 2 people. I'd describe the nachos as fancy without being pretentious - fresh jalapenos, some other type of pepper, refried black beans, melted cheese with microgreens on top - and NO soggy chips!  The plantains were well seasoned and tasty.  I had the carnitas tacos which were divine with flavorful juicy tender pork.  I sampled my friend's campechano tlayuda (flatbread-like with shortrib, chorizo, beans & queso).  The flavor was good but the crust was too chewy.  I guess a thin and crispy crust isn't possible with all that stuff weighing it down. I had no complaints with my Feliz margaritas. Nice addition to the Fairmount area!
Great little Mexican spot in Fairmount! I made a reservation online for a Friday. It was a beautiful night so we asked to sit outside on their little back patio. It wasn't too busy when we got there at 5:15 but by the time we left around 7:30 it was packed. 

We started with guacamole. They have multiple options but during this time they had a specialty guacamole that they donate a percent of the proceeds to cancer. So we got to loco guac which had bacon and corn and a bunch of other deliciousness in it. It was SO good! The salsa they also brought was amazing - not spicy at all. 

We then ordered the chicken taco, carne asada taco, fish taco, and enchilladas. All were delicious. I think I liked the chicken better than the carne but I'd order both again. 

I should also mention that their happy hour is great. It's Monday through Friday and they have a bunch of great dishes and drinks on it. Will definitely be back here!
You can't beat $6 margaritas and $8 nachos on the happy hour menu!!  We came here tonight for happy hour & dinner and was very impressed! It was our first time dinning indoors since COVID and we felt very safe, our temperatures were checked at the door and the tables were socially distanced. The happy hour nachos were a decent size with a ton of toppings and good crispy chips.  For dinner we got the enchiladas.  We were sad our waitress said they stopped serving their green chile enchilada sauce but we were still very happy with what we got.  If your near Fairmont and want more authentic Mexican, this is the place to go!
La Calaca Feliz has a reputation as one of the better Mexican establishments in Philadelphia, and I was eager to dine here after staring at my Yelp bookmark for months. I finally came last weekend for dinner with a friend and immediately noticed a festive vibe walking in. There is a bar to your left as you step through a narrow path to the back where the restaurant opens up for full table seating. Behind the bar as you walk up a half flight of steps, you get a full view of the open kitchen on your left (I'm a big fan of open kitchen models).

Since the weather was pleasant, my buddy and I opted to sit outside on the back patio, where there are maybe 10 tables. By the time we left, all of them were full.

We both ordered a Mexican Old Fashioned cocktail to start (made with Mexican bitters). Good stuff. I later had a margarita on the rocks which was decent, but not spectacular.

We shared an order of (slightly spicy) guacamole and then I ordered the flank steak entree, served with creamed spinach with bone marrow and chimichurri. Excellent. Our sever even brought corn tortillas and white rice so that I could construct a couple of fajitas.

I left feeling quite comatose, as is not uncommon with Mexican food!
Call ahead seating which worked out great. This set us up for a delicious dinner. I was seated promptly with a smile. Ordered the nachos and we're very satisfied. The waitress was very kind and knowledgeable. Tacos were the entree of choice today. Try the panko breaded tacos! Win!!
This place is pretty amazing. The tacos are fantastic. I had the fish tacos, the carnitas tacos, the mushroom tacos...never was I disappointed. The place is reasonably priced, and the portions are good.You are overwhelmed by the amount of food you get at all, its just the right amount to fill you up. The sweet plantains are also amazing. They melt in your mouth :-) 

This last time we went, we also got the tuna ceviche, and it was so good. For someone who likes spice and fish, the ceviche is the way to go. 

This is definitely a must-go in the Fairmount neighborhood.
"As I was walking round Grosvenor Square
Not a chill to the winter but a nip to the air
From the other direction she was calling my eye 
It could be an illusion, but I might as well try
Might as well try"

Replace the downtown London neighborhood with the southwest corner of Philly's hip Fairmount and, yes, you could say I felt a bit like Jerry Garcia and the boys as I wandered into the nuevo Mexican dig, La Calaca Feliz, on a nippy weekday evening to investigate this barely-a-week-old "al centro" incarnation of Fort Washington's Cantina Feliz.

I arrived around peak dinnertime hours. The outside of the restaurant was unassuming, but the inside was flecked with handpainted murals a la  "Dia de los Muertos" (day of the dead) and various Santeria-asque accoutrements. The  bar was was topped with copper and spanned about twelve seats and the kitchen was open to view by the dining room (which was fascinating). Although I spent most of my time in the bar, a trip to the restrooms (also filled with handpainted portraits of "The Most Interesting Man in the World") afforded me a peek into the main dining room, which was beautiful and seemed like a comfortable place to dine. 

As for food, my companion and I shared a guacamole (with fruit. Yum.) and a delicious smoky salsa and house-fried chips, as well as the "Campechano Tlayuda" (like a little crispy mexican pizza with shortribs, chorizo, AND carnitas) and some sweet plaintains (had some delicious sauce on top. Unsure about what, but tasty).

The drinks, which were my main effort that evening, were certainly filled with starpower. After reading through the interestingly named specialty cocktails ("China Cat" and "Scarlet Begonias", for example) I recognized that they were all named after Grateful Dead songs, which is appropriate considering the namesake (Calaca Feliz translates to Happy Skeleton).

I had an opportunity to try several. First was the "Scarlet Begonias," a blend of Hibiscus-infused gin, orange liquor and lime kissed with a hint of fresno chiles (not spicy, just flavorful). Though the hot-fuschia color first felt a bit kitschy,  it gave way to  flavors and aromas that were incredibly delicately paired.  Also the "China Cat" which was a take on a traditional Capirinha with Cachaca  (like rum) infused with green tea and lemongrass was light and refreshing. 

 The "Loose Lucy" was a fruity and earthy blend of tequila (which lent an amazing flavor to the cocktail) rhubarb liquer and ruby red grapefruit juice. I was impressed with the subtlety of  the ingredients here that could have been overpowering if used improperly, but when aligned just-so allowed the tequila to showcase its most appealing attributes. My final cocktail was "Im a King Bee" which was chamomile infused tequila with basil, honey and lemon. Again, a thought provoking and unexpected blend of components that synergistically sprouted into a tasty treat.

I guess I was just incredibly impressed with the bar, because I expected good margaritas and the requisite specialty cocktail standbys. However, I was instead greeted by artisanal creations rivaling many of the most interesting cocktails in the city (like Chifa or Farmer's Cabinet, without the pomp and pretense). 

The service was lovely, the bartender (Theresa, I think) was pleasant and informative, the atmosphere relaxed but energetic and the food and drinks, exquisite. I finished the evening with a vanilla and spice-scented glass of Casa Noble Reposado  (my favorite sipper tequila) and wandered out into the night, which had become a bit less nippy after dining at Calaca Feliz.

Four stars, until I sample the rest of the culinary wares :)
I had an awesome dinner at La Calaca Feliz.  Everything clicked as soon as we walked in the door on a very busy Saturday night.  The two hostesses were friendly and as we had a reservation we were quickly seated.  Things got even better.  The waiter was great and though we ordered a bunch of small plates, he made sure they came out exactly in the order we had designated if it were possible.  Everything was paced perfectly.  The restaurant manager Zack stopped by the table a couple of times to make sure everything was cool .... it was!  

Now for the food - all of it was tasty but def highlights include the mexican street food - Elotes - thumbs up!   The Campechano Tlayuda which to me I've always thought of like a Mexican pizza was likewise superior and best of all was the Crab Fundido.  It may be hard to go wrong with a fondue of crabmeat and cheese ... but even so La Calaca Feliz got it totally right.

A note on the ambience.   This place was busy but buzzed very friendly .... and the elongated horizontal skylight with its tin ceiling is architecturally awesome.

This is def a place to recommend to all my friends.  They're opening up a place soon in Manayunk, the manager told me,  but the new place can't be any better than this Fairmount/Art Museum gem!
I had the best Mexican I've ever had here today. The fish tacos, fried just right, were as amazing as everyone said they would be. I am not a fan of the salmon ceviche, although it wasn't bad tasting or anything, just wasn't exceptional enough. What completed my meal was the enchilada con maricos, amazeballs! The sauce had this smoky flavor to it that I can't explain.
The place by itself is warm and inviting. The guacamole served with the tacos was really fresh. They had everything down to the tee. And four stars because the dessert I chose--tres leches--wasn't the best I've had. It was just about alright but I liked that they served cream on the side and not on the cake itself.
Woohoo, Mexican in Fairmount! We went into Calacas with high expectations. And for the most part they hit the spot. The fish tacos were solid, the carnitas tacos were pretty great, and the corn was delicious. And warm, endless chips. Yum. The staff was attentive and friendly, but really worked for the up-sell. 

My only major complaints were drink-related. The margaritas were mostly ice, unfortunately, and didn't feel worth the $7.50. To that end, when we arrived happy hour was going on for drinks ordered at the bar, but the deal didn't extend to the tables, which was kind of a bummer. These are minor issues, though, considering Tecate is $3. 

All in all, a good choice, and perhaps a new neighborhood staple.
I can't say enough about the nachos. I do takeout just for the nachos. Drinks are delicious too and so is the vegetarian enchiladas. I'll be back again!!
La Calaca Feliz serves up a banging margarita. On top of its superb beverage options La Calaca Feliz has an overall great menu. I recommend the plantains, the corn, the carnitas taco, and nachos.
There are some restaurants that put you immediately at ease -- you know right away it's going to be a good night when you walk in the door. La Calaca Feliz is one of those restaurants.

Whoever designed the place really knows how to set the mood. The ambiance is slightly dark and exotic, but not stiflingly so. The dimly lit and narrow bar just inside the door leads to the spacious and welcoming main dining area in the back. The high-ceiling room has large windows and is more brightly lit, and looks like a cross between a diner and a bistro, with big red squishy booths on the right and comfortable, well-spaced wooden tables on the left. Everything in the restaurant looked impeccably spick and span, with a simple, understated elegance. There were candles on the tables. You feel comfortable when you're seated, like you have have room to move, breathe, and talk. Definitely a good date restaurant.

We started with guac and chips. The guacamole came in a huge stone mortar and pestle and dressed up with some zingy seasoning. One of the best guacamoles I've had recently, although I may be biased because of the mortar.

For our main course we had the duck confit with smashed potatoes (a special). It was well-cooked and the meat easily fell off the bones. It was a bit light flavor-wise, but not un-satisfyingly so. There was something sweet in it to balance out the meat (cranberries, I think). It was nice. My friend had the plantain-crusted tilapia tacos.

I finished it off with a tortilla soup, which had nice chunks of chicken and two slices of fresh avocado. My friends told me the margaritas were also very good, though I didn't try it.

Will definitely be returning here!
my friend and I were lookin for a Mexican place for dinner last night.  Yelp suggested La Calaca Feliz as the best choice in the art museum area.  I have to say it was pretty good.  I ordered fish tacos which was very aesthetically presented and tasted wonderful.  The tilapia fish was fried nicely into a soft taco with the other filling. it had a good mix of texture and taste along.  My friend and I shared this corn on the Cobb appetizer that was seasoned very nicely and tasted delicious.  They also had a good selection of local and imported beer that went well with the meal.  Our servers were very outgoing and helpful.  I will come back again.
As always, an amazing meal at La Calaca! Took my aunt here for an early Mother's Day lunch, and we sat outside- inside was packed for cinco de mayo. 
One dish that I wouldn't recommend: the pig ear tacos. I feel like some people love pig ears, but I did not. Of course these tacos had very very good flavor though because everything at La Calaca had wonderful flavor!
A couple of friends and I had dinner here last night. I wasn't going to make reservations (Sunday at 5:30, why bother?) However, the place was actually pretty busy when we arrived, and packed by the time we left.


Two of us had the Red Sangria, which was refreshing. The fruit was put in the glass last minute, so we weren't eating the soggy fruit that has been fermenting in the wine for the past few days.

To start we got the guacamole. It was good, but I can never understand why guac is so expensive at restaurants ($10). The salsa that it came with was chipoltle-y, not too spicy, and really interesting. I liked it. My dining companions both got the fish tacos, which I had a bite of. It was good, but National Mechanics still wins for my top fish taco choice.

I had the seafood enchiladas, which to my disappointment came in corn tortillas. Oh well, my fault. The shrimp was cooked perfectly. 

We also got a side of sweet plantains which were pretty yummy.

For dessert, Tres Leches, and a scoop of Prickly Pear Sorbet.  My friends also ordered hot chocolate, which I didn't try.

The atmosphere here is nice, with beautiful murals and and an amazing ceiling. The patio would also be great in the spring and summer.  While not fancy, this place is more date night or nice night out than a "lets go grab dinner" kind of place.

The meal wasn't cheap, but not too expensive either considering how much we ordered. $95 pre tip for three of us.
I didn't know walking in that they have a back patio area, but for a cool September night the space is perfect.  Large enough where you're not cramped, you can actually see the sky, and appropriately decorated.  Truly great.

Service here was some of the best I've had anywhere lately.  Waitress was very nice, explained things well, and infused some personality.  No complaints here.

Had the guac and split fish tacos.  Brought them out on separate plates for us.  Nice touch.  Guac was guac - kind of hard to mess that up, but didn't stand out as spectacular.  Stone bowls are cool I guess but they frustrate me when I want more and make me look silly for scraping the last bits of green from the rough cracks.  Over it.  Tacos were damn good - worth $15 if you go that route for a meal.

Had the arranchera (flank steak) as a main course.  Steak was cooked perfectly; lots of time they are cooked too much but La Calaca lets it bleed a bit which is nice.  Would've liked to see some more chimichurri on there though because I love the stuff and the dish could've used a bit more kick since refried beans in general are boring.  Pickin' nit though since the dish was overall very good and worth ordering.

Tried a bit of black bass as well.  Awesome.  Mexican fine dining right there, but I can't go into detail since I only had a bite or two.  But it was cooked perfectly, was very light and something I figure they are known for around there.  For good reason.

Drink-wise they were running a Fall promo where you could try two slightly smaller sized margarita flavors for $10 total as long as you vote which you liked best.  Red currant or mandarin.  Not what I would think of as Fall flavors but whatever, I chose the red currant.  Oso cancelled me out choosing the mandarin, which I thought was too light for cool evenings.  But both were worth a go.

Comparatively speaking La Calaca is best aligned with Lolita, although in a more comfortable space.  Better than Xochitl all around and of a higher quality than Las Bugambilias albeit with a more focused menu.
Best nachos in town, without competition. Freshest ingredients of any Mexican restaurant we have visited.
About time I got to review this amazing place. I had dinner here around the end of October 2013 with a group of 4 in celebration of my boyfriend's birthday. We got the dinner package to go with our entrance tickets to Terror Behind The Walls so we got a pre-fixed menu. We all ordered different things to try it all out and it was all delicious. From the Chorizo Fundido, to the Vegetable Tlayuda, to the Chicken Enchilada, to the Ceviche..... the list goes on. 

That was just the food. The service, organization and decor gave this place its fifth star. Everyone was so welcoming and attentive. We went on a Saturday and even though we were running late for our reservation driving from NYC, they were able to accommodate us as soon as we got in. They also had our tickets to TBTW ready to go for us once the check came. It love when plans go so smoothly. Will definitely be coming back when I'm in Philly!
Where are the Mexicans? The place is so pretentious that any authenticity is lost. While the food is good, it costs three times as much as an authentic Mexican eatery with only a third of the portion sizes being served. If you like out of control noise levels, waitress' butts in your face and a wallet busting experience, this is your place!
Good food, good service, solid menu, and great atmosphere. Definitely nice to not find fake Mexican food or Tex-Mex, but actual Mexican food.
This has been my absolute favorite Mexican spot in all of Philadelphia, and my favorite Fairmount restaurant hands down. This is saying a lot! I love a LOT of Mexican restaurants in this city, and I realize that this is not one of the "authentic" spots (I will go to Italian Market for that... ironically) but it is what I am looking for.
The fish tacos are my favorite fish tacos ever. Really. I try to make my fish tacos at home like these. I think I like them because they are made with tilapia, which holds up to frying better than the traditional cod or other white fish tacos. Not to mention, the coating is not a batter, but a cornmeal crust, which just gives it a crispy, crunchy texture that I prefer over batter fried. 
Enough about the fish tacos-it's all good here. The queso dip, the guacamoles, the MARGARITAS & TEQUILAS OMG. Ok I'm getting carried away. Everyone in the neighborhood (and beyond, I think) knows that this is true, too, because you cannot just walk in here and expect to find a table or even a spot at the bar, most nights of the week, let alone a weekend. I always preferred to go earlier during their happy hour (starts at 4pm, I am pretty sure), and grab a seat at the bar for a margarita and a fish taco.
In addition to always amazing food, I love that La Calaca Feliz does fun events throughout the year. They had a "shark week special" tasting menu, that was entirely fish based. They also did a March Madness with tacos, which supposedly they do every year, where the favorite taco that comes out on top is featured on the menu. Guys. It doesn't get better than this. Just be sure to get that OpenTable app out and make yourself a reservation because you need it!
Nice little hidden gem! Great food, good drinks and awesome atmosphere! This is our Tuesday spot.
I can finally cross La Calaca Feliz off the long list of restaurants I want to try (and yes, I really do have a list). Based on our experience last night, I definitely plan on coming back.

- Happy hour: $2 off margaritas and specialty drinks from 5-7pm when you sit at the bar
- Outdoor seating: a cute courtyard setup.. liked that it wasn't just tables on a sidewalk. 
- Guacamole: served in the traditional stone bowl.. really good and had a nice kick to it. 
- Octopus tacos: I went with the special of octopus cooked tempura style w/quinoa and avocado - it was delicious.. lots of flavor and a little spicy.
- Carnitas tacos: I traded my bf a taco for one of his carnitas.. it was good and filled with a generous amount of pork. prob would've ordered this if the octopus wasn't on special. 
- Sangria: went with a pitcher of the red.. it was refreshing and a nice alternative to our usual bottle of wine.
I came here last night for my friend's birthday and we brought a cake and the restaurant was very accommodating with the cake! 

For food, we ordered the traditional guacamole for an appetizer as well as the elotes and sweet plantain. The guac was BOMB. A bit smaller portion than I had expected for the price; but super good. They also give a salsa that is really good too. The elotes and sweet plantain were alright. 
My friends and I all ordered tacos and shared around. We got the Mahi Mahi, Mushroom, Cauliflower, and Short Rib. I would recommend ALL except the Mahi Mahi as it was quite fishy - but still good. The short rib melts in your mouth and the mushroom tastes almost like meat which is great for the vegetarians and vegans out there!

I'd definitely recommend the margs here, the tropical tastes like a lemonade almost and the lychee marg is delicious. They don't taste strong - but they're definitely strong. 

Loved this place - will definitely be coming back again.
I've had wonderful nachos at several La Calaca Feliz happy hours, and excellent tacos, tlayudas, guacamole, and to-die-for tortilla soup during many dinner visits.  The common thread is always a delicious margarita, or perhaps two.
Like the lychee cocktail and pig ear taco, but the plantains are ok. They have $29/person tasting menu and I'd like to come back to try it
Some of the best Mexican food I have ever had in Philly! All the food was packed full of flavor and the service was excellent. You better bring your appetite because the some of the portions are pretty large. 

Started off the meal with the Nachos De La Casa and decided to add in some brisket. The nachos were made up of a perfect mix of ingredients and they all tasted delicious. The brisket was juicy and tender and added a whole new dimension of flavor. For the main course I picked the Arrachera (skirt steak) and dayyummm it was good. The meat was seasoned correctly and was cooked to perfection. The chimichurri that topped off the steak was absolutely delicious. And finally this dish comes with spinach in a chipotle aoli, which was fantastic. 

This place is not that big, so I would highly recommend making a reservation otherwise you might be waiting a while. But even then the delicious food is totally worth the wait!
Updating my review for the Chef's Tasting Menu. For $29 per person, it's an awesome deal and great way to sample multiple items. If needed, your server can confirm the menu before committing to it. It's a lot of food, but I thought they staggered the courses pretty well. Here's what we had:

1. Guacamole
2. Hamachi ceviche 
3. Brisket tacos
4. Brussels tlayuda
5. Chicken tacos
6. Grilled shrimp w/grits
7. Black beans and rice

Everything was really good, but my favorites were the brisket taco, Brussels tlayuda (Mexican pizza) and shrimp. The three chili margarita is my go-to drink here.
Boo, La Calaca!  The only reason this is a three star review and not two is because my margarita was awesome and the guac was delicious.  The pork tacos, though, were completely floating in grease - I wish I was exaggerating.  I don't eat a lot of meat, so when I do indulge, I want the food to be killer.  I get that this is a first world problem, but my stomach was absolutely not happy after eating my dinner.  If we come back, I'll probably go for the cauliflower tacos instead; hopefully avoiding any kind of animal fat in this restaurant will be the way to go.
They catered an event for us recently. The service was prompt and friendly, the price was reasonable, and the food was delicious.  It was all tasty, but the fish tacos and the cauliflower tacos in particular disappeared very quickly. In fact, the only thing we had left over in some abundance were the black beans. The one odd thing was that we had to return the steamer equipment ourselves.
Best Mexican food I've had so far in Philly. I usually don't have a reservation, but it's never a long wait for a table. They have awesome guac and a great selection of margaritas. The food never disappoints, and the service staff is always upbeat, friendly, and attentive. When it's nice out, they have a small patio with string lights and tables and I always prefer to sit out there. Good for groups, but probably best for smaller groups since it is a pretty small space.
Walking down Fairmount Ave I tend to forget that this place is here, as they don't have an extremely noteworthy exterior, and there's some construction going on blocking the sidewalk not far from the entrance. But the other day my husband and I decided to give it a try for brunch. We sat outside, but it is worth noting that the sidewalk isn't completely even here so one of the tables leans pretty badly (we switched to the other table, which was a bit more even)

Now admittedly, I'm not your normal brunch kind of gal. I want "normal" food. Basically, if it has an egg, count me out. Thankfully, their menu contains several types of tacos to order, so I was pretty much set. My husband ordered the chicken tacos, and I ordered the baja fish taco, and we swapped. I have to say that both tacos were pretty great. The chicken ones are smaller and the plate comes with 3, whereas the fish are a bit larger and come with 2 on a plate. Both had tasty sauce accompaniments. If I had to pick a fave, I'd definitely say the fish. The tacos were huge, and had a giant piece of crispy fried fish in the center.

All in all, I enjoyed my visit, thought the tacos were tasty, and would certainly come back!
Food is delicious and cocktails as well ... If you love or even like tacos, this is definitely the spot to check out. Desserts are delicious as well. I had the tres leches and it was AMAZING !!! I will continue to eat here and I highly suggest it ... small spot with an amazing atmosphere and service is outstanding... no complaints whatsoever..
Great first dinner experience here! Friendly staff; immediately after walking in, we were greeted by many of the employees. Kyle, was a stellar server with a wonderful overall attitude. 

Start with the wood-fire oven tower of nacho bliss. Definitely get the fried chicken tacos. YUM! The girts and BBQ sauce are a great mix of flavors. End with the "SUNDAY" Sundae .. homemade churro ice cream, whipped cream, popcorn and a brownie. It was the cherry on top of our meal ;)
This is a flamboyant mexican restaurant in fairmount area. During summer they have a ton of seating (yes, they have a patio behind their restaurant). So, YES you can get your outdoor seating. The food is pretty good as well. I loved their cauliflower tacos
This is probably my favorite Mexican spot in Philly. The fish tacos are fresh and flavorful, the carnitas tacos are also high on my list! Also consider ordering: a side of plantains with queso fresco, the hamachi ceviche, and the jicama salad. You really can't go wrong here. When the weather is nice the patio is fabulous!
I loved everything so much I want to come back tomorrow and eat all the food I couldn't stuff in today. It was delicious! I almost don't want to post this so they don't get too busy and I can't come back. Guacamole was delish and was perfect with the Felix margarita. Loved the carnitas tacos bite I had of my boyfriends and my enchiladas de mariscos somehow managed to blend great Mexican flavor with super fresh seafood taste. I don't even like tres leches and it was melt in your mouth excellent!
I've been to La Calaca Feliz at least 8 times, and I will continue to come back. That being said, here are my reasons for loving it 

1) Mushroom tacos. I know mushroom tacos are by no means traditional, but they're the best thing in the menu, and in most menus, and I get them almost every time that I come. The mushrooms are moist, flavorful, and taste almost like meat. The taco also has fresh asparagus which compliments the meatiness of the mushrooms very well, and mashed potato, which adds a really great texture. For those who love meat, so do I, but you have to order these anyway. Trust me on this. (If you decide not to get them that's fine too, you can't really go wrong with any of their tacos). 

2) guacamole. I generally just get basic guac, but they have crabmeat guacamole and a few their kinds, all of which are supposed to be really good. They also make it with a mortar and pestle so it's really creamy, well mixed, and delicious. 

3) sangria pitchers! Fairly well priced if you want mixed drinks. Good to share amongst two or three. 

The service is good and the atmosphere is great as well. Lighting is a bit more on the dim side so it can definitely work as a date spot, but it's also a great place to go to as a group. I've gone with a boyfriend, my mom, my coworkers, and pretty much anyone else who has been willing to go.
If I could give this restaurant 10 stars, I would! It hit the trifecta... Perfect service, atmosphere, and food!

The perfect service hit us as soon as we walked in the door. The hostess was extremely friendly to us, and multiple waiters and waitresses said hello and welcomed  us as we were brought to our table. In addition, the general manager came over numerous times to check on us and other tables and on the way out, waitresses and cooks thanked us and told us to have a good night!

The atmosphere is unique as well, unexpected for Fairmount. There are murals on the walls, and it is brightly decorated. Luckily, we had a corner table in the back and could take it all in.

Now, of course for the most important part... The food. Easily one of the best Mexican meals I've ever eaten anywhere, and my partner agreed. Here's the rundown of what we ate.

1.  This is an insiders tip. It's not on the menu, but make sure you order the chips and salsa for only $1.75. They use a special kind of pepper, and it was delicious. It had just a little bit of smokiness to it.

2.  Chicken tortilla soup. Bold flavor, and substantial portion.

3.  Mushroom tacos. 2 to 3 different types of mushroom, with asparagus and marinated in a delicious lemon vinaigrette. A unique taco I've never had before!

4.  Cauliflower taco. Also a taco I have never had before. It had nopales, guac, a little smoky salsa, and the cauliflower.

5.  But they save the best for last. Make sure you have room for dessert. I had the most delicious spiced Mexican chocolate cake with chocolate crumble, topped with guava sorbet. It is even more delicious than it sounds!

Okay, enough of my gushing. Make your next reservation at this place!
Amazing happy hour, amazing food!! The servers are always so helpful and friendly. The atmosphere at this place is one of the best in Philly as well. There is indoor seating which is so well decorated, and outdoor seating that is perfect for the fall/ spring as well. 

I've come here mostly for happy hour, and nachos are so cheap at happy hour and also to die for. I usually don't go for nachos, but the short rib nachos are a huge portion (probably enough for 2 people to share) and the ingredients .are all so fresh and delicious. I also love the Queso Fundido from here. 

Aside from amazing food, the margaritas here are my favorite in Philly. They are not too sweet, and not too sour and they make them strong! I can't say enough good things about this place!!
Tacos were amazing, people were friendly, nachos were massive; everything we got was good!
*Porkbelly taco, pork+pineapple taco, cauliflower taco, fish taco, corn, melon ceviche, nachos, plantains, gnocchi
My boyfriend moved to Philly for 2 years, and every time I visit him, we usually never visit the same restaurant twice as we want to try as many different places as possible. However, La Calaca Feliz was so enjoyable that we ended up coming twice. I highly recommend making a reservation prior to your visit. During both our visits, the restaurant was very busy. 

I really enjoyed my margarita(s). A lot. I usually have a tendency to just stick with water when I go out to eat, but I am so glad that I decided to be adventurous and have a drink. Their margaritas are perfection!

We also ordered the nachos with short ribs and oh my god, it was a transcendent experience. The nachos I had at La Calaca are the best I ever had and they give you a lot. It's probably enough for 3, but my boyfriend I had no problem eating the entire thing. The short ribs do cost $3 extra, but seriously get it anyways. I had the nacho both ways - with and without the short rib - and it tastes wayyyy better with the short ribs. 

The fish tacos are just okay. The tasted good, but weren't anything special. Their margaritas and nachos are what made my dining experience at La Calaca Feliz worthwhile.
I went here for brunch on Mother's Day and enjoyed my food quite a food. This time I got a Bloody Marias (Bloody Mary with tequila), Oberon, and a Headwater Pale Ale and ordered the eggs benedict with chorizo and pork belly. Excellent work, by the staff. Hospitable staff, attentive and generous bar tender. Lovely establishment, really. Just as good for dinner and brunch.
Food was really good. Great place that is close to eastern state penitentiary. So if your going there it's a good place for lunch or breakfast. We did the Brunch and it was good. Prices are ok about $14. Guacamole was good but it was hard to break up the egg with a chip so you could do without it or just use your silverware. Very attentive wait staff. I never went with an empty glass.
We ordered the nachos with brisket...amazing and delicious. Multiple layers of cheese and brisket, peppers & corn in the nachos. We also ordered the shrimp tacos, Cubano quesadilia, and pork tacos...everything was fresh and delicious. Margaritas were on point too. We will definitely going back to enjoy the rest of the menu.
Frankly, I usually prefer my Mexican restaurants divey.  But... La Calaca Feliz was super duper awesome.  I have lived in AZ and TX, so I had low expectations.  The food was authentic and delicious, the drinks were large and tasty, the atmosphere festive and fun and visually stimulating.  Pro tip: the Chef's tasting is ridiculous.  We had SO much food and tasted so many delicious options for only $29.  Crazy.  Loved my dinner. YAY!
Following my 5th visit Monday 12/30/19, I, unfortunately, find the need to downgrade my review.

I have no idea what the heck happened on this repeat visit but the restaurant stars were not aligned.  Nearly every aspect ran afoul.  Is it because it's a Monday and many restaurants close after the weekend?  Were they grossly understaffed?  Maybe on each.

Here is our experience as concise as I can be, which is not as easy as I enjoy writing strong reviews.

We did have a reservation and were shown to our table, however, not their fault, but we were stuck next to a super loud talker with no inside voice filter, so that started the snowball running downhill.  Julian our server for the evening came by, asked what type of water we might like and about drink orders.  Okay, usual start.  Next, he rattled through the dinner special which I had to ask for him to repeat next time he stopped by.  We started with an order of carnitas which was good, however, while the appetizer literally just hit the table, our entrees, which I'll get to shortly, followed immediately.  Huh?  I told the server to bring them back to the kitchen, no way were we rushing through dinner, especially as the place was mostly empty at 6 pm and I asked for our server.  Julian came over and honestly, I felt his excuse was a rehearsed repeat line.  (Reasoning will be evident in my closing). 

I told him we don't want to be rushed, it was happy hour and we just received what ended up being our only round (again, I'll speak to this shortly as well.)  He half-witted apologized, which meant out plates either was sitting cold or under heat lamps.

We enjoyed the carnitas but asked if chips and salsa came to the table, he said, "no we don't automatically bring, only when asked"; so we asked.  However, we would later learn that we were to be charged; that is okay if Julian would have told us that.  So that was another ding.

As for our entrees, I ordered the special grilled fish tacos (you may recall that was the special he had to repeat at a slower cadence to understand) and my wife ordered the seafood enchilada.  I enjoyed my dish but my wife's dish was like "where is the seafood" (a throwback to the old Wendys "where's the beef" campaign, it was loaded with vegetables not shrimp and crab so she returned that dish for the chicken enchiladas and a side of rice and black beans.  It was a nice tasting dish, a safe staple.

Never once did the bus person or Julian come by to refill our water glasses, we clearly saw other tables being refilled.  On one of Julian's return check-in runs, I ordered a second margarita (happy hour), the drink was never brought to the table.  I brought it to his attention and said, "since we are finished, I think I'll want that drink that never came."  Again, a half-baked apology.   It would have been nice to have it as we were enjoying our meal before a concert, so I was looking forward to the 2nd drink.  Oh well, maybe for the best.

Lastly, we asked for our check, and when Julian brought it over he said he removed the shrimp and crab enchilada, sort of like he was doing us a favor. Perhaps taking off my wife's replacement dish would have been a nice gesture, but not required.  Remember, we returned that seafood dish, so yeah, no charge for that dish.  When I walked over to him he stumbled trying to say he meant to take the replacement off the check too, but clearly did not.  Did our server think I was a moron and wouldn't notice that we were charged for what we ate?  Only then did he remove it.

Again, I go back to the start, was it due to Monday night?  Understaffed?  Unhappy employee?  Not sure.  We will need to pause coming back and explore other great eateries around Philly. 

The dishes we did eat were enjoyable, tasty, fresh and flavorful.  See our pictures.  

In closing, be mindful that anything can happen but the server or manager should be honest and upfront and most of all sound sincere.
I've been here a few times. I'm not super impressed. I've been to better Mexican food places that were better overall. For the neighborhood that this is in, it's the only spot with Mexican food if you're craving some. It's a trendy spot. The food isn't bad, but is not like amazing. Service is good. It's just not going to be my go to place.
Tried this place out for dinner with a friend last week. We were seated upon entrance, which was nice considering we didn't book a reservation. Our waiter was nice, but the service was a bit slow and it took a while to get our orders placed. The food and portions were good. I would recommend trying this place out if you're looking for a place to eat near Fairmount, but I personally wouldn't try it again.
I got delivery from La Calaca Feliz and it was delicious! I ordered the Mushroom Burrito Bowl (mushrooms, truffle potato puree, asparagus, and a lemon vinaigrette over rice and black beans with queso mixto). The truffle potato puree was incredible - so soft and rich. 

We already had drinks at home, but I had my eye on the to-go margaritas! I also really want to try the sweet plantains and esquites guacamole, so I guess I'll have to get another takeout/delivery order soon!
What a gem! 

My roommates and I visited this place for dinner a couple of weeks ago and had an absolutely amazing experience. From ambiance to service to food quality to drinks assortment, everything seemed to be on-point.

The location is a little out of the way -- and is in somewhat of a "seedy" area but we found the place easily via Uber and went right in. We had a reservation, so we were seated almost immediately. 

Across the board, everyone LOVED their dishes. We started with the fig and bacon guacamole, which was absolutely fabulous. We had margaritas as well -- I tried the classic and loved the flavor + strength. 

For my main dish, I ordered the chicken tacos. Devoured all of them and felt so satisfied by the entire meal that we didn't bother with dessert, though some of the options looked fabulous. All of my friends devoured their dishes as well, and we spent the rest of the night raving about our new find! 

Was SLIGHTLY pricey for the final meal, but we also did appetizer + drink + main, but would definitely visit again.
What a wonderful place. Fabulous staff and excellent food and drinks.

Our family celebration could not have been any better. The preselected menu was amazing and so filling. We started with Matt's recommendation for margaritas, with passion fruit, blood orange, chile and traditional. We each had a different one and the tasting began.

Fresh guacamole and chips started us off and the team kept them coming. Then came the jicama salad, which we were allowed to substitute (if i forgot to mention how accommodating the staff was...let me tell you they are the best!) 

Then came Hamachi Tostados ... Gone in a flash, followed by asparagus tlayuda and chorizo fundido....and there was still a third course to come and dessert. The fish tacos were the best i have ever had and i am a beach bum, so we have fresh fish tacos at the beach all the time and none come close to these. Served with plantains and crema and black beans. We had no room for the chicken enchiladas, no problem, Matt packed them up for the college grads to take home for later that night or the next day.

More margaritas and mexican chocolate cake with roasted banana ice cream rounded out our meal.

THANK YOU LA CALACA FELIZ FOR A WONDERFUL NIGHT, A GREAT CELEBRATION, FOR BEING SO WONDERFUL TO US! You were so attentive frim our first call for information through menu selection, greeting us and serving us.

We highly recommend La Calaca Feliz!
