Some people need a plan to dine out, others may even need a flowchart. I, on the other hand, play it by ear most of the time.

I was going to show on a late Monday night at Play and Players theater, and I wanted to grab something to eat around that area. I didn't realize, most restaurants don't open on Mondays. 
So, I consulted my best dinning friend " Yelp!" La Fourno, was about a block away from the theater, and they were nice enough to serve me, even though It was very close to closing time.  
I only had the Gnocchi Al Gorgonzola, and it was creamy, but tasted fairly bland. It needed some kind of spices or something. The service was friendly and it had the setting for nice dates. 
If I was in the area again, I may give it a second chance.

Three Yelps
This place was about to be good until they sucked. We were leaving and I was curious about the espresso when the waiter told us to "get the fuck out"

Ok dude. Truth is, your espresso is not only shitty, it's horrible. Worse than your overlooked veal piccata or your shitty execute for Italian food.

Que cazzo, you are absolute shit.
I should have checked Yelp before we came here. Maybe it was good that we didn't so Yelp had no influence on my review. 
Came here with my best friend for a very early dinner. It was only 5 PM and, of course, we were the first ones there. 
We started off by sharing a spinach salad. It was delicious. Spinach, pine nuts, tomatoes and bacon. For our entrees my friend had clams and linguine and I had gnocchi in pomodoro sauce. The clam dish was so salty I begged my friend to send it back but she refused. She ate 1/2 and set it aside. I am like her in that I am always to shy to send something back. I don't think I have ever ordered gnocchi in my life but I thought with that light sauce it might be good. Wrong! The sauce was even heavier then what you get in the South Philly red gravy restaurants. The gnocchi was good enough but the sauce weighed it down.
Since we ate at Melograno 2 nights ago and the check price was the same, we wont be coming back here again.
They were open on Thanksgiving (which is when we all went) and the food was fine. Service was fine. Portions were large. Seafood was fresh. Interior is a little tacky (think: sponge painted cream colored walls and faux columns), but I was charmed when all the staff and family gathered to enjoy turkey and gravy once we paid the check. Good mom n pop spot.
Stating upfront that I have a habit of never checking into a restaurant until I'm done because I want To have a typical experience.  And that's what I did tonight. My Experience at the nice BYO was way better than the 3 star Yelp average. 

My adult daughter suggested this Italian restaurant within a short walk of her place and I checked the reviews and was a little surprised that the average was three stars. But we went anyway and we had a fabulous time. I can only attribute these whiney low starred 2021 reviews from people who barely write reviews, to being Covid staff related and some patrons expecting more than can be delivered in these trying times. 
Based on my experience it requires a five star review. 

When we entered the restaurant we were warmly greeted and asked whether we preferred to sit inside or outside. It was a relatively cool evening for summer so we opted for sidewalk seating. It was comfortable and across from the covered pod seating for 4 or more that they had constructed in former parking spots. For being in a heavily trafficked area of the city we didn't feel like we were eating in the city. The seating was comfortable at the two top and there was barely any sidewalk traffic. 

While we were looking over the menu our soft drink orders were taken and promptly served.  **** it's worth noting here it's a BYO *** 

We both ordered the same the Risotto alla Pescatore.
Both Of us thoroughly enjoyed our entrée. The risotto was done perfectly creamy and the Clams, shrimp, mussels and calamari were perfect.
In fact that's some of the best calamari I've had in years.  
Dessert : 
I ordered Tiramisu.  Our server Ervis(sic) Very sweetly served it with two spoons because I think he had an inkling that my daughter would like to share. It was fantastic. We could discern all the flavors of mascarpone, coffee and cocoa in rich sponge cake.

The prices of appetizers and entrées and desserts are reasonable. 

Our service was attentive and we felt  as if our patronage was appreciated.
Total : $75 for 2 Seafood risotto entrees, 4 sodas and tiramisu. WOW. 

Don't pass this BYO up.  We will be going back soon.
I've never walked out of a restaurant before, but there's a first for everyone.
Started out badly when the bread, slightly stale, was paired with a unique tasting olive oil. It had a strangely familiar taste, finally realized it was the taste of canola oil mixed with olive oil. 

Then our Chicken  Marsala arrived....Slightly weird  looking, lumpy instead of pounded flat, covered in a  ton of sauce. First bite, not Marsala but Chicken  Gravy! Like packet mix with water chicken gravy taste. My wife's had her's over Angel Hair pasta that was so saturated with the goo, it was uneatable. Waiter seemed to disappear after serving it. 

Complained to the girl at the register, that had an attitude, but also a look in her eyes like it wasn't her first time hearing this sort of complaint. Manager came over and stated perhaps our taste was different. 

Our taste is different, we expect a $25 Chicken Marsala to be excellent. I've had the misfortune to once eat at Olive Garden, this was far worse.
Charged us $10 for 2 glasses of kerosene house wine and we were out the door. 
Burped up Canola oil for about 2 hours that night.
Total disaster.  The food here is completely sub-par.  I'm pretty sure I can make better pasta.  And that's saying a lot, seeing as how I can barely boil water.  And let's not start talking about the atrocious and utterly confused waitstaff.  Horrible service, horrible food.  All-around horrible!
Never go here! The food was nothing special, over priced and the service was terrible!

Went to this restaurant with a large group of people, after getting the check we realized there were some sort of misunderstanding on the price per person for the fixed menu. When the issue was brought up instead of negotiating nicely the management handled it very poorly and was cursing and yelling at us..... I have never seen any business dealing with customer in that manner, very unprofessional! 

I also heard this restaurant is suppose to be a "nicer" Italian place, but it was nothing close to nice at all. The three course meal was definitely not worth the 37 dollars including tips and tax. For the first course it was this small plate of regular caesar salad.  For the entree I ordered Chicken Fantasia, it came with two thin sliced chicken and tasted like they just boiled it and put some white sauce and lemon juice on it. It was not good at all, I could have easily made that myself without having to pay the amount of money I did and the disappointment that came with it.... However, the dessert was good but then again you can get that at any good bakery with a cheaper price. 

I will never go back to this place ever again and will never recommend this place to anyone else. If you want to go to a nice Italian restaurant just go to Davios! Their food is absolutely delicious and the service is perfect! Worth the money you pay for!
I've walked by this place a MILLION times while living in Philadelphia. There are usually always people there and so when our go-to BYO place was too busy I decided to give this place a try.

I gave them a call, and they told us they could seat my party of 3 immediately. So we quickly shuffled down the block to be seated. [everyday.i'm.shufflin']

When I think about going out to a restaurant... I'm not really there to treated like a school child. I'm here to EAT. There were at least 8 rules for this joint.... Here are my top favorites

a) $16 per person minimum on Fri/Sat. ... really, is this necessary? who goes out to eat on a fri/sat and doesn't eat. must be those college kidz

b) Auto Add Gratuity for parties 4 or more... really? unnecessary

c) NO SHARING!! 

d) NO HAT WEARING.... They legitimately asked my friend to take off his beanie after  we were seated at the table. Not sure if this is an Albanian culture thing, but in 2011 I thought you were allowed to wear hats when you were cold.

e) when your check comes -- get up and leave. don't dilly dally.... REALLY? Not even EL VEZ does that with their redic wait times.

Overall the food was "Meh, I've experienced better." - thanks yelp for the terminology lending.  I thought my dish was good, but I wouldn't be running over to eat there again.

It seems to me that this place caters to lots of people on a budget, and they take out the cheapness of others on everyone else.

To Each His Own?
Word to the wise: if you cannot accommodate for a party of 17 on a Saturday night, DON'T TAKE THE RESERVATION. 

We showed up promptly for our 8:30 Dinner reservation, then proceeded to wait to be seated until 9:30. One hour wait, with a reservation? We found it strange, too.

Half hour into our wait, we find out they actually sat ANOTHER party under our reservation. Have I mentioned yet that no one has even attempted to apologize for any of this yet?

After an hour, they tell us they are ready for us. They take us down to the private party room, where we see that all tables are full and no one looks slightly ready to wrap up their meal.

We proceed to wait in a cramped hallway causing complete havoc for another 15 minutes or so. We finally sit down, feeling like sardines as we squished through this narrow hallway while the other massive party leaving attempts to exit as we enter. They immediately chucked frozen bread onto our table. Yes, the bread was frozen.

The only reason this place gets 2 stars instead of one is because my meal was good, as were the others, especially the Gnocchi and the Tilapia dish. They did make an error on one dish and my friend didn't get to eat until we were all practically finished. I had the Risotto Primavera. Portion sizes were very generous and everything was served hot, unlike the bread.

Now comes time for the bill. Prices were reasonable and in splitting it up evenly among 17 people, we all paid $30.  (Thank you, BYO!)

We all had cash accept one friend, so she provided her card. The waiter comes down a few minutes later after collecting our cash only to tell my friend that he had made an error and charged the entire $500 meal to her credit card but they would obviously reverse the charge. Really?! They were completely unapologetic and everyone on the staff we spoke with kept saying it "wasn't their fault". That's like, the first lesson taught in the no-no's of customer service.  I will just assume there was no manager present on a busy Saturday night, because no one said anything to us at all about all of the inconvenience.

Moral of the story, the food is good but NEVER come here with a large group, even when they tell you they can accommodate for it. This is a date night place or a small group spot.
I can here with 2 friends for RW on a nice Friday night and were seated outside. I didn't select the restaurant, and am very particular about Italian restaurants so I wasn't expecting much. But it was a BYOB and has been noted by other yelpers as one of the better ones in Philly so I was enthused about going. 

I can't really comment on the noise level inside since we were seated outside, but I do know where we were seated with tables to the right and left of us was lively but not overbearing, everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. Their RW menu was actually adequate so we ordered from there. 

I joined after my party after they were seated since I was looking for parking for upwards of a 1/2 hr and ended up parking in a lot for $12 about 2 blocks away. They had started on the wine but waited on me for ordering. Shortly after I was seated our waiter came to check on us, and ensure I had a menu. She explained the 4courses and coffee or yea included. We proceeded to order our appetizer and waited to order the remainder. I got mussels in white wine garlic sauce, delicious. 

The next course was a sample size of their penne, cheese ravioli, and gnocchi. It's a good way to showcase what they have to offer, which actually worked. I'm not a huge fan of marinara sauce, but the penne was in a spicy tomato sauce you could tell was fresh tomato base, it was good the penne was strict al dente. The cheese ravioli also al dente and loved the vodka sauce, the star of the plate was gnocchi, it was amazing, so light and fluffy, it was like a cotton ball, I've only every tried it once before and it was doughy more like a dumpling, I was not a fan, but 2 days later I am still dreaming about the gnocchi! I would come back here just for that, the texture the sauce everything, freaking awesome! 
For the next course I opted for the salmon bruschetta. The salmon was a little over done and tasteless but I used the lemon salt and pepper and asked for bread to go with the bruschetta and it was enjoyable. 
Dessert I selected the tiramisu and man was that a good decision! Did I say I would come back for just gnocchi, I lied, I meant gnocchi and tiramisu... The flavors, the texture, such a sexy dessert! Even the coffee (which I rarely drink) was good, a perfect pair. 
I did go to the bathroom before I ended the night, I was closed to closing the inside was empty but the outside had 3 tables plus ours still dining. Anyway the bathroom was nice, but could definitely use cleaning, toilet paper on the floor, not a good look, but at least they were stocked with the essentials. 
While service was great throughout towards the end of the night I did feel rushed but they were still friendly and talkative as I stated it was late. All in all a great choice!
So, I am truly disappointed to have to write a negative review of La Fontana.  My family has been a loyal patron of this place for several years now but after this weekend, we won't be back.  I also have to give them 2 stars instead of 1 because their food is truly great at decent prices.  Their gnocchi, I will miss.  Desperately.

My complaints.  I have made reservations at La Fontana on 5 separate occasions.  All the other times we have gone have been walk-ins.  3 of those times they claim to not have the reservation but act like they are doing you a huge favor and "they can still fit you in".  What is the point of making a flipping reservation?  One time it was for 9 people!  Thankfully they had the room if no one is going to bother to put the reservation in the system.  What we would have done if the space wasn't open?

The corkage fee.  Ok, I know it is minimal but either be a legit no fee BYOB or suck it up and get the liquor license.  As a general rule I don's go to places that have the fee, because I feel it is complete BS.

FInally, we had reservations for 4 on Saturday night.  We were seated in the upstairs even though the main dinning room was pretty sparse.  Usually the upstairs is for larger groups.  We are finishing our desserts and wine and enjoying our evening.  As soon as our money (and generous tip) are in the billfold they start clearing us away.  I had barely set my dessert fork down and certainly wasn't finished my wine.  Then our server comes over and tells us we have to leave because they need to sit a large party.  Well, it wasn't our fault you sat us where you needed to sit a party especially with the first floor being empty.  We certainly weren't ready to leave.  I find it so "ironic" that they waited till they were paid with their tip before they started giving us a hard time.  Then as we are trying to situate ourselves to leave they start filing their large group in before we even had a chance to get our coats on.  It was really rude and put a huge damper on the pleasant experience we were having.  

I'm going to miss this place but there are too many other restaurants out there that I've never had these kind of issues with.
The stuff was nice!
The food was great!
The atmosphere was romantic!
The prices were outrageous! 
Still a great time...
If I could, I would give this place -5 stars. 
I first went there about a week ago with a large party to celebrate my friend's 30th birthday. Right away we notified our server that my brother in law had a SEVERE allergy to shellfish and to please be careful when cooking his meal. 
Although rude and standoffish, the server seemed receptive and so we felt at ease. We should have known what was to come though because the server was not only rude, standoffish and arrogant, but also unpleasant and gave us the vibe as if she was judging us by what we ordered. I specifically remembered I wasn't feeling so well that night so I ordered a small Caesar salad and she went so far as to tell me no. WHAT?! She literally said that I could not order that because since I was  part of a large party there was a minimum and I would be charged $16 regardless. I was honestly dumbfounded by her arrogance and demeanor. It was not only uncomfortable but just plain disgusting the way she felt comfortable communicating with us- her and the restaurant's guests.
Anyway, after getting his meal, my brother in law started feeling sick and uneasy as he was clearly having an allergic reaction due to cross contamination of the food and careless handling. We immediately notified the manager who got defensive and acted pompous, and arrogant. At NO point throughout the night did the manager himself make the effort to go check on him, which to me is just UNBELIEVEABLE. Instead he sent our server to tell us that if he was really feeling that sick, he shouldn't be sitting with us at the table but that he should go outside to get fresh air. They, meaning the server and manager made it seem like we were lying which to me is just insane. Eventually they offered to send a server to go get some Benadryl. He must have sent him to Jersey because after 20-25 minutes, my brother in law had to go CVS himself and was back right after the server who had left like 20-25 minutes prior. After that, the manager went on to call us liars and tell us none of us ever went to get the Benadryl and that we owed that to them. 


I am honestly shocked at the experience I had at this establishment. SHOCKED. I personally have worked in the restaurant industry and their reactions and attitudes towards the way they speak and treat their clientele is ludicrous. I STRONGLY suggest you go elsewhere ESPECIALLY if you or someone you're with has an allergy.

STAY AWAY BY ALL MEANS.
My limited experience has been VERY disappointing. I have only eaten in the "private" dining area (the room towards the back where larger private parties are held) on TWO separate occasions. In both instances I felt as if the per-head fee had been paid by the hosts already (with tip included) and thus everything from the food to the service was sub par. While the main dining area was bustling with staff and customers, my table didn't even get the pasta or veggies that came with the chicken. The first time there I felt bad for the hosts, but last week I felt agree as I heard the owner/manager arguing for extra $$$ instead of offering a discount.
came here during restaurant week and was SUPER disappointed.

SO many good italian BYOB's in the city, and this just didn't compare. walking in, the server brought us downstairs into a crowdy, smelly, loud basement seating area. on the way there i saw a bunch of the servers in a room taking shots so you know they'll definitely be able to remember my order

the basement seating is awful. if you can try to request not to sit down there. it's a small room with no air flow, and super loud. i was drinking white wine and the waiter poured the water in my glass... it was probably the shots that confused him -_-

i was hoping the food would be delicious at least and it was not. i started with the mussels which was eh. i've never seen such tiny mussels and the sauce was super bland. then we got a "sampling" of 3 pastas. i think i had maybe 5 penne noodles. super small portion. 
then for the entree i got the veal, it was OK but once again the portion was pretty small.

the dessert was the worst. there was a list and me and my friends all were ready to order but instead they brought a sampling out of all of them except the tiramisu because they ran out. so there were 8 of us and a sampling dish of the 5 desserts. we looked out at the other tables and every person had their own individual desserts. we asked why they did that for us and not everyone else and the server just ignored us and walked away

there's way too many other decent italian BYOB's in the city than to waste your money here.
Friends. I truly don't understand what the 3 and under stars are about. As a frequent reviewer who is not afraid to give a low rating, I am genuinely perplexed by the low ratings here.

Given the ratings and reviews, I was hesitant to come here for a friend's celebration dinner, but I was absolutely wrong. Was it the best Italian food I've ever had? No. Was it the best service I've ever had? No. But overall, I had a wonderful experience without a single complaint (at least not one that would impact a rating.)

Thinking about my experience, my only negative was the bread. Nothing special, dry, and not enough of it - but perfect to mop up the rest of my sauce! My friends enjoyed their appetizers and salads, and my entree pasta (Linguine Alla Pescatore) was incredible. The red sauce was delicious, there was plenty of seafood and the pasta was cooked perfectly. 

On top of the food, our service was fine, nothing special. But we were given complimentary limoncello due to it being a special occasion which was a really nice touch!

In sum, I'm surprised to see such low reviews and I hate that others had negative experiences. While not my favorite restaurant in the city, I would absolutely return to try some other menu items!
First and last time coming here. The chef needs to discover salt. The food was bland and flavorless. Everything seemed to be defrosted or out of a can. Overpriced mediocre food!! Beware of add ons, chicken was 4.95 extra and broccoli was also 4.95 extra on  the fettuccine Alfredo. In spite of the bad reviews I wanted to check it out myself.  I do not recommend! They need to put a lot more effort into food quality and flavor. I can get better Italian food at a pizzeria in south Philly for 5 times less the price.
Held our rehearsal dinner here on 10/31/14. It was a joke. When we arrived none of the beer or white wine we dropped off at 11 am had been chilled. The "antipasto" (quoted because I don't want to offend antipasto courses as a whole) consisted of one piece each of grilled zuchinni, squash and red pepper per person!? Bread was stale. Olive oil on tables was rancid. Entrees were passable at best. They'd be great if it was 1992. Dessert was a selection of mediocre Italian items. No coffee served or offered. All for $35/ person. They should be ashamed for slapping an entire country across the face. Please close soon so that this space can be used for a real restaurant with fresh food. Bleh.
It was so packed that nobody could move around. The waiters even had a hard time. We were rushed and told repeatedly that our table will needed for the next party. The menu on the very back page does have a set of rules that everyone must follow including, being considerate with volume, paying extra if you share, 20% tip will automatically be included, etc. The food was too buttery and the meatballs microwaved. I ended up speaking to the owner. After I spoke with the owner he said that it was because our friends had arrived late and it was a wasted table. I apologized for that, but it was still unnecessary to give us poor service. He said, VERBATIM "I'm sorry you think you had bad service, you and your group may leave now or I will have to remove you from the premises." I don't think that was really necessary because I wasn't demanding anything or even trying to insult his restaurant. I was simply telling him my feedback and slightly hoping for an apology and that they will try better next time.
Didn't have high hopes for La Fontana, especially given the mediocre reviews, but I was very pleasantly surprised and enjoyed all of my courses! 

You can BYOB! Also, if you're here for Restaurant Week, your entire table has to participate in it. 

Mussels in white wine - for the first time ever, I actually enjoyed drinking the mussel broth. It wasn't overly salty, but rather had a strong umami flavor.

Pasta sampler - The group consensus was that the gnocchi was the best because it was soft "just like a pillow." I actually enjoyed the penne pasta more, as it came in an unexpectedly spicy marinara sauce.  

Salmon alla Bruschette - The salmon was juicy and seasoned with plenty of lemon juice. The bruschetta pairing provided further tartness.

Dessert sampler - Favorite course of the night, and I'm not even that big of a sweet tooth! I loved the tiramisu and chocolate balls with vanilla ice cream on the inside. The chocolate cake, cheesecake, and cannoli were very decadent as well.

For parties of 5+, a gratuity of 20% is automatically added. Service was efficient, and each course came within five minutes of having our plates cleared away. It's a very cozy, warm atmosphere that'd also be great for a date.
Don't believe the bad reviews - this place is a very solid Italian option in center city. 

Food is very good at the price point. Versatile menu with good portion sizes. Nice atmosphere both inside and out. BYOB. Great location near Rittenhouse Square. Good place for takeout too.

My only complaint is that the service can be slow, but it happens.
REHEARSAL DINNER REVIEW ONLY

I'll keep this short and sweet because if I get too wordy, I might start raging and throw my computer on the floor and start stomping on it.  

Basically we wanted a byob in the city that could hold 50 people...
1.  I read all of the shitty reviews for the rehearsal dinners and brought them up the owner so he could explain himself.  What he explained was a) he never reads his restaurant reviews and b) the reason why people got mad was because when they reserve the restaurant at 5:30pm for rehearsal dinner, they needed to be out by 8:30pm because that was the restaurant's second dinner seating.  He assured me that if I booked at 8:30pm, we could stay as long as we wanted which I was cool with.
2.  We put down the deposit in cash because we wanted to be nice, and booked the large room on the first floor with the large windows for our rehearsal dinner.
3.  My husband calls three days before our rehearsal dinner to let them know there will only be 40 people instead of 50 because there was a death in the family - to be nice so the owner wouldn't overstaff, order too much food etc...

.. AND WHAT DOES THE LOW DOWN SCUMBAG OWNER DO??

He puts my entire rehearsal dinner in the basement without even consulting us.  There were  3 long tables and not an extra inch of space to move around..  People were wedged against the wall with no way to get to the restroom unless they asked 8 people to get up...if there were a fire we would have all been dead.  It probably wouldn't have been a problem if my brother DID NOT HAVE A PROSTHETIC LEG.  It probably wouldn't have been a problem if we didn't have senior citizens who could not walk up and down the stairs easily.  It probably wouldn't have been a problem if it were a Bday party of 20 somethings but it wasn't.  It was my rehearsal dinner.  

If you book here..you could end up in the basement and all pissed off like me - 3 months after the wedding.  Not worth it.
I have never written a review on Yelp until now... 

I have actually eaten here before and had great experiences each time. The food was good, service was friends and then add in BYOB and I am a happy customer! This is why I thought this place would be the perfect restaurant to celebrate my birthday. 

My boyfriend had called 2 weeks in advance to make the reservation to fit 8 guests. He had modified this reservation a couple of days later since our party grew to be 12. He even went to the restaurant the day of my birthday and our reservation to drop off a cake since I am allergic to gluten and confirmed the new reservation number with the manager. - you would think this would be smooth sailing and a great dinner celebration to come right? Guess again...

When we arrived, the table was set for 8 people. Immediately we went to speak with the manager and hostess about the mistake. They told us that they were not able to accommodate us, even though he had called and stopped by earlier to confirm. They then said that we could have a table in the basement but had to leave at 8:45pm. Our reservation was for 7pm and after the seating debacle it was going on 7:30. Not exactly how I wanted to start out my birthday dinner, but I was just happy all my friends and family had a seat.

at 8:30 they promptly told us that we needed to pay and leave. We understood that we had to leave and handed over a mix of cash and a few cards. They then said they would only run two cards and that the party needed to go get cash and figure it out. As they filed in the new party and pushed us out.

I really hoped for a great way to start out my birthday but La Fontana, you really rained on my birthday parade.
This is a really cute place I honestly had no idea existed until I came across it on the Center City District list of participating restaurants. Italian food is my weakness. 

I came here with a 1:30 reservation with a friend of mine. The three-course lunch was only $20 per person and it was BYOB so I waltzed in here with two bottles of wine. 

To start, I ordered the caprese. I think it was the only vegetarian option anyway. It was good, but I added some salt and pepper because it was a little bland at first. 

Oh! Forgot to mention, our waitress was Jona. Really nice young lady who helped us a great deal and poured our wine for us when we took the bottles out of the bag. 
For my meal, I had penne alla vodka. I've never met a penne alla vodka I didn't like. This one was creamy, cheesy and delicious and not too watery. The portion was a decent size. I was full before desert even got to the table. 

Finally, for dessert I had tiramisu. Another classic you really can't mess up. I enjoyed it, but I wish it had more coffee flavor.

In conclusion, a very nice spot for lunch or dinner. It's actually quite romantic inside and they play Italian music which makes it even better.
I was at La Fontana Della Citta for a friend's surprise birthday party. A couple of us made it in time for our 6:30PM reservation, but was greeted by the owner in a very rude fashion. He kept demanding that we call the rest of our party and threatened to take away our tables if they were late. (All of this is in a very disrespectful tone.) As we waited for the birthday boy to come, the owner and an equally rude waiter, frequently stopped by our table to ask about the rest of our party, and when we apologized and said they should be here by 7, they rolled their eyes and walked away annoyed. When everyone was seated (they have a  RULES AFTER SEATING part in the back of their menu which included 1)sharing will result in an additional $6 charge, 2)only one credit card charge per table 3)minimum $13 order) we ordered our food immediately bc we felt rushed for time. (They said that we had to finish eating in 2 hrs.) The food was mediocre at best. I tried the red sauce bc I heard good things about it, but it just tasted like tomato sauce in from a can. I added meatballs for $4 (which the waiter forgot to bring me and looked annoyed when I told him he forgot it.) and they tasted old and not good at all. They waiters never came by after we were served food to refill our water or take away our appetizer plates away. Our party of 15 sat cramped, shoulder to shoulder, with chairs right up against the wall and the corner of the room. I love trying out new restaurants, but this place was horrible. I've always wanted to rate restaurants on yelp, but I've always been to lazy or busy to do it. This place disappointed me so much that I took the time to make an account and write this review. If you want a good time at a good BYO, try somewhere else. Steer clear of this place!
This is a poorly run restaurant- and we had a horrible experience.  We had a group of 13 people for a 7:30 reservation.  We arrived on time and were told seating would only take a minute.  Unfortunately, that was far from the case!  We waited patiently for ten more minutes.  The hostess was completely frazzled- the place was crowded and lots of people were waiting for tables.  We were constantly being told we would be seated soon, they were just waiting for another party to leave.  This went on for another 15 minutes, then the hostess sat another large group before us around 10 of eight!  When we asked what was going on, she had the audacity to say it would only take another minute- she said she couldn't control how long people took for dinner!  She should have had a table ready at 7:30!
We were watching the food go by while we were waiting for our table, and it did not look good.  There were a ton of people waiting for tables and there wasn't any space to stand, we were practically in the kitchen and people were cramped.  I saw the wait staff reuse bread by putting half used loaves back in bread baskets! And all the desserts were frozen and in packages.  The waitstaff were completely rude, bumping into people and running around like chickens.  The food going out just did not look good, and nobody finished their plates- we saw a ton of food go in the trash because people weren't finishing their meals.
Finally at five past eight we said if we didn't get seated in 5 minutes we were leaving.  The hostess could care less- she wanted us gone so she didn't have to deal with our table.
Now, I don't mind waiting- I know things get held up, but don't tell me it's going to be a minute then expect us to wait for forty five.  Don't trust this place with a large group!
We came here for an engagement party and were shocked at how terrible our experience was. The engagement party was in the front room, which was not large enough to accommodate the number of people at the party. There was also a slight unpleasant smell in the restaurant when we walked in. But, what was most upsetting was the service. I have never experienced such rude servers in my life! They would just run right into you, would slam the appetizer plates on the table without making room for them first, and then wouldn't even hand you your own plate. We were passing hot plates down the row instead of them individually handling the plates. 

The food was also subpar and very underwhelming. The salads looked like they were thrown together and dressing was thrown on them. The entrees were okay, but very bland. The desserts were again not appealing.  

I would never return to this place and I would never suggest this to anyone. Stay away!
I've been to La Fontana for several occasions ranging from Bachelorette parties to sorority events to last night's dinner celebrations. Aside from last night's experience, La Fontana has been a solid although unremarkable italian BYOB choice in the Rittenhouse area. However, after going there last night, I can solidly say that I will NEVER return.

Last night, a group of 12 of us had 7:15 reservations to celebrate a birthday. Around 7:00 when we realized that we were running late due to transportation problems, we gave the restaurant a call to let them know we'd be about 15 minutes late, which we were told was not a problem. However, when we arrived we were LECTURED about being late and were told that they were going to seat parties with later reservations before us because they were on time. 

Once we were finally seated, we placed our orders which included appetizers and entrees. The entrees came out before the appetizers did which was frustrating because we no longer had our bread plates to share them and for the most part full from our meals. The servers were also constantly bussing the table and asking us to hand them things over other guests heads and before other people had finished eating. I have never felt so rushed in a dining experience before.

At the end of the meal, we promptly paid the bill and were then lectured again for being late by the manager who made a point to stop by. We were also given attitude when we asked for certain meals to be packaged together. The manager told us it would be "stupid" for him to pack the items that way. Two of us left early to go somewhere else, but the rest wanted stayed to finish up their glasses of wine. However, the manager came by AGAIN within minutes and told us we had to leave because there were parties waiting. That was the final straw. As a party of 12 celebrating an occasion, the restaurant should understand that we weren't going to finish our meal in under an hour. We didn't even order dessert, coffee, and our appetizers were given to us as an afterthought.

Unfortunately, since we were such a large party, tip was included so we could not express our disappointment. Further, the rudeness stemmed from the management so it's not like we would have had any redress anyway. 

When we walked out of the restaurant there had to be at least 3 groups of at least 10 waiting to be seated. It was unbelievable that the management would place their inability to properly book their restaurant on a group looking to celebrate a night out. 

Sorry La Fontana, never ever again. Go to La Viola a block away instead.
Lot of mixed reviews here...let me clear the air first. If you're going to an ITALIAN restaurant, they're going to do pastas really well. Why would you go and get a piece of salmon from an italian restaruant in Philadelphia? 

I went with my girlfriend for the third time. We both got gnocchi dishes, which were phenomenal. Highly recommend.
(to the tune of "Too Good at Goodbyes" by Sam Smith)

You might be pretty hungry
And want to BYO-too
You might be craving some pasta
Or want a date with your boo....

I'm never gonna be the biggest fan
Even though it's an easy spot to plan
Cause when I go here, it's just A-OK.
I'm never gonna ever call ahead
Too many other places I could go instead.
And Italian has to blow me away....

But every time I pass, it's got a crowd
And the area's quaint, never too loud
And every time I need a last minute spot
La Fontana comes to mind, like it or not...

(It's got a few decent bites)x4

Ah, La Fontana - unassuming, not WILDLY expensive for Rittenhouse (though not cheap at all), nice sized portion, and outdoor seating. BYOB, nothing wild or crazy, big spaces inside. On paper, this spot might be perfect for some. For me - it's just fine. I don't LOVE Italian. Their non-pasta dishes don't disappoint. I've only had bites of their pasta, but it is decent - nothing blowing me away. It seems like an easy place to take a second date, or to relax with a bottle or two of wine and split something. I wouldn't call it a destination.
Don't waste your time. While the food is decent, the service is terrible. We watched the owner flat out scream and embarrass one of the girls for a miscommunication. After he berated the employee and walked away, she turned to us and said "I don't know why I work here." I nervously told her that it's busy because it's NYE, and she replied "no, it's like this every night." I felt so badly for this girl!!! 

Also, half of our table sat for at least 30 minutes without a table setting. It took 30 minutes and 2 requests to get a soda for a diner who doesn't drink.  The food was good and I will admit the tiramisu was divine. It's not worth it to go back knowing the owner treats his employees like crap.
Super accommodating.  I came with my family, which consists of a wheelchair bound father and a vegan sister.  They did everything in their power to make us feel comfortable and we did!  My sister was offered a wheat pasta (traditional Italian pasta is made with eggs) and my father was free to roll where he pleased.  My family loved their food, however I was not so fortunate.  I ordered the L'Agnostino, which to me meant Lobster, but their menu states Mediterranean Grilled Shrimp.  I asked the waitress, who was very informative, to clarify and she assured me they were shrimp.  Well when those puppies came out, I was appalled.  They were basically open shell prawns and had their big ugly antennas and eyes and when I got past that, enough to taste them, they were super fishy and gross.  :(  Fortunately the calamari appetizer and the Tiramisu dessert were delicious enough to fulfill me!  I think the ambiance and staff contribute to a cozy meal but if I were a visitor to Philadelphia, I may enjoy spending similar money at a more sceney place afterall, it is the rittenhouse neighborhod.
This place could be great. It's a BYOB right in the heart of the city. However, unfortunately we went there with a big group for a birthday dinner and literally right after our bill was paid the waiter approached one guy at our table who was texting someone and said "if you're going to be on your phone, then you guys should just leave". When we tried to ask for the manager, both the waiter and the hostess refused to tell us his name. We will never be back to this place after the way they kicked us out as soon as we paid.
I don't have enough time or space to explain how horrible this place is. I live local to Rittenhouse and thought that it was impossible to have such a poor experience at a restaurant since there are some of the greatest BYOs in town -- until I came here. 

From walking in with a group of 10 being told my reservation wasn't in their system (along with a group of 8 behind me with the same issue), to being sat in a filthy basement with empty beer boxes below the table and half the place setting missing and us having to request everyone receive a fork. They gave us 4 menus and 3 pieces of bread to share, even after requesting more. 

My friend's food had PLASTIC in it, and when we made them aware of this they did NOTHING to address it. 

We were never given more water after the first pour, and our server took 30 minutes to take our order. Our unhonored reservation was for 8:30pm and we got our food at 10pm. 

I almost forgave them because they were busy, until the server came up and ACCUSED US of lying that we had a reservation. I'm confident he only even addressed us because we said we weren't paying for the food with plastic in it. His exact words  were "it's not a coincidence two large parties came in without reservations claiming they had them." 

If this place doesn't get shut down for the filthy bathroom and kitchen which is viewable, I would be surprised. 

I've never gone to a restaurant with poor Yelp reviews before this, and I never will again.
The Tiramisu is phenomenal.  My review could end here but I feel like this restaurant warrants a little more than a snarky one-line review.

This is a very satisfying, no-frills, Italian BYO.  The food tastes exactly how you think it would when you see it on the menu and that is a good thing.  Their service is extremely friendly.  I got to sample the Veal Scaloppine and the linguini alla pescatore in white wine sauce.  Both of these items were very good but I'd recommend the veal just a tiny bit above the linguini.
Absolutely terrible experience dining here on Saturday night with a large party of 15+. We had a couple friends visiting from out-of-town and we wanted to show them a good night at a solid BYO restaurant. What we got instead was a disaster. The food itself wasn't a dealbreaker- considering how many Italian places there are in Philly, there's no need to come back to the place at least for the sake of any of the dishes. The real issue was the service and the set of rules that La Fontana seems to have a knack for. When we called ahead and made our reservation, we never once were told about the $16 minimum on Friday/Saturday nights. But our waiter told us at the beginning of the service so even those who really did not want to order entrees understood the policy and adjusted their orders. At the end of our meal, we were told of another surprise rule by the same waiter, regarding the 2 card maximum per party. Even in a large party of 15+, we were not told of this policy ahead of time and when we explained that it is an inconvenience for us in such a big group to accomodate for cash only on such short notice, we were promptly dealt with a menu to our face and told to use their ATM. I don't think so. We took care of the bill with 2 credit cards, and tried to get out of there ASAP but I will never be coming back here. Mediocre food, terrible waitstaff, and an unbearably arrogant sense of righteousness from the management. A manager who would rather argue that he was not in the wrong than understand the customer's point of view is in the wrong line of business. Skip this place.
This is by far one of my favorite BYOBs in the city.  My buddy Sal and I were walking around the city and he was complaining about he gaudiness of the Italian places in Midtown.  He pointed to la fontana della città and said "See that place?  Simple.  They probably have great food."

And they do.  

But it's not the just food that has me going back - the service is amazing.  It reminds me of sitting in one of my favorite little spots overseas... quiet, relaxed, slow but attentive.  I've never felt rushed - and never felt like I was waiting.

The fish dishes are amazing - the Salmon being my favorite... but I have been preferring the Eggplant Parm lately.  The way they slice the eggplant leaves for a unique mouthfeel... and SO tasty.  I can also recommend the gnocchi (even if I can't pronounce it right).  It's not Little Italy... but it's good stuff.

Worst website ever - but worth a visit.  Bring friends.
I lived in Rittenhouse for 2 years and often went to La Fontana. The food was always good and service was decent.

I am writing this review because I made a New Years Eve reservation for a group of people and received a phone call today to confirm my reservation. The hostess causally mentioned that the restaurant is only offering a price fix menu for $99/person, although when I made the reservation on Open Table, there was no mention of the special menu. I asked if I could speak with a manager to see if we could order off the regular menu and the hosted just said "no" and hung up. 

Although I like the food here, in no way is it worth $99/person. Failure to communicate this different menu makes things pretty inconvenient since it's now 12:30 PM on New Years Eve. I will not be back here.
Worst meal of my life! Everything is covered in Gravy like sauces and the quality of the meat and seafood is terrible. Sorry but you guys need a new chef.
If I could rate this place a zero I would. Absolutely worst service of any restaurant in my 7 years in Philadelphia. I was in a large group of 20 people for a birthday (everyone purchasing at least $25 of food that's $550, after taxes, at a minimum before tip). After one hour they forced us to leave because another large party had a reservation. There was still people eating with food on their plates and waiters came by and picked them up. Also one of our friends was on their phone and a waiter yelled if you are just going to text then you must be done eating and can leave. We approached the manager about this problem, he refused to accommodate us in any way and refused to give us his name. In comment of the food, it was your average middle of the road italian. Similar to an Olive Garden but that may even be too high of a review. I will never return. 

Summary: never go here.
Never go here. After we agreed upon a price for a large group they added money to the price, locked us into the restaurant and brought the police. I will never step foot into this restaurant again.
La Fontana Della Citta was a nice selection for a Sat night dinner in the Rittenhouse Square area of Philly. Its located on Spruce St and its a charming part of the city. The wait staff is friendly, the portion sizes are substantial, love the BYOB, and the menu is nice for vegetarians, meat and fish lovers and those who enjoy the thud of ghocchi sticking to the inside of their ribcage. Overall, a nice experience. Now the bad part, the place is small (I mean ridiculously small- I'm a big guy, and I had to press my stomach against the table with all my might to let a waiter past our table constantly), and the tables are very pressed for space. Reservations are a must on Fri and Sat nights (if you want a more spacious experience, make sure in your reservation you request a table away from the front doors- these tables seem to have more room). The wait staff is fun but it becomes abundantly clear you cant figure out who your actual waiter is or when they'll be back. Took us about 15 min to order a bruschetta appetizer.  Overall, it definitely has areas of improvement, but I enjoyed this little wonder snuggled in the neighborhood of Rittenhouse Sq.
Entrees are solid Italian fare.  I had a pasta primavera in a white sauce that was very well done, and my friends seemed to like other chicken and pasta dishes.  The "special" pasta fagioli soup, however, could have been straight from a Progresso can and the Caesar dressed seemed to have come from a bottle.   The olive oil on the table was pathetic, tasted like nothing.  

Service and management at La Fontana is inexcusable.  Do not expect your reservation to be honored on the weekends.  Do not expect water refills or to be provided with pepper or cheese like most of the Italian restaurants in Philly.

Last night, my party of nine waited forty minutes for an 8 pm reservation, crammed in the front with three other groups also waiting for reservations at 8.  We were sat at a table meant for 6 or 7 people.  When we were done eating, we were asked to leave as soon as we had paid our bill, even though everyone still had wine in his glass.  

Overall, this place has fine standard Italian dishes, but if you are remotely interested in fine dining, skip La Fontana.  Philadelphia has so much more to offer than this.
I walk by here every day but had not been inside until this weekend. I was impressed with the service as well as the quality of the food. 

It was a little on the pricier side for what I would consider good (not great) Italian food. 

Overall the meal was enjoyable and I would go certainly go back. BYO is always a plus.
The staff consists mostly of early 20-somethings fresh from Europe. I guess it is trés chic to treat customers trés horrible. Yes, talking about you, "Elvin" (server) and "E--------" (female hostess with impossible-to-spell name.)

I am currently 6.5 months pregnant and came for a rehearsal dinner with my husband and 2 yr old daughter. I guess I look like a clean-cut, pregnant, toddler-holding, lady tagger. We smiled as we entered and exited several times during the 3 hour meal for "breaks". On one of these breaks I was writing on paper but was using the wall as a hard surface. Hostess motioned to Elvin inside, pointing at me. Elvin came out and asked if there was something he could help me with, ever so sarcastically. I told him I was with a group that is currently patronizing the fine establishment. He also realized that I was writing on paper and not defacing their precious entrance. No apologies, just a snotty look a huff and right back in. Dirty looks from the hostess.

The food at this place was just okay. The best thing I had was the bruschetta. I had the salmon meal which was pretty bland. Unfortunately this place doesn't have it together for larger parties (about 25) in the the private party room. We had a multi-course meal and it took about 1/2 hour to get any food (I'm talking about a bread basket) from the moment we sat down to over 2 hours to get the last course of the meal and I had to remind them to bring salad.
I joined my coworkers here. They wanted dinner. All I needed was dessert. It worked out fine. This was a BYOB. Mags had two bottles of red with her. Good lookin' out! So it was Mags, Zinski S., Lino J. and a few fellows from the office. And 2 bottles of wine. Good thing I only wanted dessert. Even though I had a sip or 2 of each of the wines.  Lino J. (seated beside me) had the arugula salad, seafood linguine, and cannoli. OMG, the tastes she gave me were absolutely delicious.

For dessert, I had the fresh peach sorbet. Yes. Even though it was freezing out, I had a sorbet. It was so cute. So peachy. So light. A perfect ending to my light dining evening.

When I swing up to Philly on a whim, this will definitely be one of my dinning spots. I want to try a full dining experience and upgrade my rating.
Ambiance:  The ambiance really depends on where you are being seated.  The outdoor tables look charming.  The inside ground floor tables look intimate and upscale-casual.  I was unfortunately sat with a large group reservation in the basement.  While I appreciate that it was a space that could hold a large table, it was also down a flight of narrow steps and past a kitchen area.  While it did not have the same lovely ambiance of the ground floor seating, I understand and appreciate that large group seating cannot always be accommodated with the same atmosphere.

Service:  The waitstaff was knowledgeable and courteous.  All the plates were brought out hot and at one time.

Food:  Delicious!  This has got to be one of the best Italian places in Philadelphia.  The fact that it is BYOB makes it such a steal!  I got the gnocchi, which you know is a risk if you have ever watched Top Chef.  But they were delicious in flavor and the texture was good.  While I am pretty sure I have had fluffier gnocchi, I was still happy to scarf these gnocchi down.  The food was well executed and done so with quality ingredients.

Overall:  I would definitely come back.  Bring some wine and order to your hearts content.  Just do not come with a large group and get relegated to the basement.  ;)
The only thing this place has going for it is that it's BYOB, you'll need alcohol to deal with the terrible service. First off, I've been here once before with a 30 person party in May 2012 and it was a great experience. This second visit was laughable. We arrived on Friday night around 6:30 and we were seated outside at our request. Waitress opened our wine as she goes off to sit with a coworker at another outside table. She didn't leave the cork with us so little flies kept falling into our wine bottle for the remainder of the night. As the waitress comes and asks if we're ready to order, we asked her if there were any specials. "Oh, you want to hear the specials?" "We do. Or don't we?." After ordering an appetizer of fried calamari we ordered entrees of the chicken picatta and the chicken parmesan.  We were not offered an ice bucket for our white wine, warm wine is better than no wine, right? A basket of bread was brought to the table. There was no olive oil, butter, or anything to eat the bread with, so we ate it dry. 

Eating dry bread, drinking warm wine, and dealing with the flies and lack of service wasn't a HUGE deal breaker, but as I look into the window of the restaurant from outside, the table next to us had all the things we desired. An ice bucket, olive oil, a smile on their faces. I felt as if we were last picked for a game of kickball. After we finished our entrees, a man comes around and places olive oil on all the outside tables. I'm not sure if we were forgotten about or if sitting outside grants you different service than sitting inside, but this experience was a huge disappointment all around.  My entree was pretty good, but Dining Partner's chicken parm left much to be desired. The marinara was watery and tasteless. We couldn't wait to get out of there. There's another Italian BYOB the next block over with better food and WAY better service. Will not be back.

Finally, the list of rules in the menu is absurd.
Walked in on a Saturday night with no reservation. We were seated right away but on the way to the table the hostess told us that it would be an hour and a half.  We were confused and asked if we would have to wait at the table for that long.  She said that is how long it takes to eat here.  I thought that was weird.  I ordered gnocchi my husband ordered Bowtie pasta with sausage.  My dish was average, his was excellent.  
The whole meal took about 1 hour. Prices were reasonable.  I would go back but would order something different.
I frequent many Italian ristorantes in our fair vicinity, and some even better than the next. I have been here two times peviously, and really enjoyed it! The staff is super friendly and accomidating to large groups. You never feel rushed, and always feel welcome and taken care of. 

Unfortunately, my last vist, the food was just ok. I enjoyed the eggplant rollotino, and complimentary bruschetta, but my veal parm, not so much. The veal was overcooked, leaving it dry and chewy, and the side of spaghetti, bland. I really want to love this place, because of its plethora of outside seating, sweet staff, and location, so I will try it again. Also, if you are looking for traditional Italian dishes, this place could be perfect for you. The three stars weighs heavily on the great service, and potential.
Been here several times but will never return. Very rude and disrespectful manager. This is a little late but definitely need to leave this review. I've never been to a restaurant with a manager so disrespectful and he refused to give us his name so we could complain about him. Was there with a larger group to celebrate a friends birthday on a Friday night. It was a crowded night but we had made a reservation well in advance. Several people had finished their entrees but many others were still eating their meals. The "manager" came by to one of our friends who was writing an email on his phone and said "if you're just going to sit and play on your phone all night then you should get up and leave because we have people waiting." Naturally, everyone got very angry after hearing him say this. Keep in mind we had 24 people, all who had ordered apps and entrees and were planning on getting several desserts running up a fairy large check. The manager refused to give us his name and preceded to try to rush us out after people heard his comment and started getting very angry. He also instructed all the service staff and hostess not to give us his name either. The food here is pretty mediocre, but will work to fill your craving for Italian food if everything else such as Olive Garden is booked for the night. The service isn't great, but sufficient. The place is BYOB so thats a pro for the place. Overall, will never return and encourage others to do the same if this is the way they treat patrons.
I was here with a large group (9 people or so) for my friend's birthday dinner. 
We ordered a few appetizers to start, and the fried calamari (3/5 stars)was what really stuck with me. It wasn't very fresh, but the batter was light and crispy enough to let the calamari taste through. 
My entree was the penne ala vodka (4/5)- the pasta was cooked to perfection, and the sauce was good, but definitely not something out of this world. I'm giving the plate stars because the portion was perfect and the sauce was tasty, but I stress that it isn't anything over and beyond, just standard comfort food. I suppose the foodie in me wanted a spin to the dish. 
The prices were very reasonable and is why I awarded the restaurant 4 stars instead of 3. It's a great place to bring large parties.
Service was okay, but the food....missed.

Table bread was stale.
Caprese was okay but had some additives to try to make up for okay cheese (heavily salted, rosemary olive oil, etc)
Pollo alla piccata - the lemon flavor was over-bearing and the chicken pounded flat and nuked for an hour :-p
Risotto Agli Scampi was not bad.  The rice was still a little al dente, but the flavor was good.
Risotto Primavera - ABSOLUTE FAIL.  Did they forget the sauce?  This was like canned vegetables and steamed rice.

So it seemed like the risotto is done restaurant style where the rice was parcooked and then cooled and then finished just before serving - but...the rice never had a chance to soak up the sauce.
I know this is one of the "nicer" Italian places in the city, but for me, it was very average. The restaurant layout is a bit interesting, with a main seating area and then a secondary area up a few stairs and off to the back.

We came here on a Saturday evening, so it was definitely somewhat busy, but there were still tables in the main area open (and unreserved). They tried ushering our group to the other area, but then I asked if we could sit in the main area, and the response was, "we'd prefer not - you can do whatever in the back." I understand that we were a group of a few 20-somethings, but that's just downright rude and presumptuous.

In any case, we should have left then, but we stayed and went to the other area. They brought out some cold (and hard) bread, which was chewy, and the bruschetta was made on the same, making it marginally better thanks to the acidity of the tomatoes cutting down the bread a bit.

For mains, we got a few pastas, a chicken dish, and a few risottos. My vegetable risotto was actually quite good, and I heard that the shrimp risotto was very nice as well. The gnocchi and the chicken were both very bland, apparently, and my other friend didn't care much for the Penne all'Arrabbiata either. In all, okay mains, but the risottos may be the way to go.

In all, definitely not worth the 160 that we collectively spent here, both in terms of overall service and food quality. To their credit, however, they were decent about refilling the waters, and of the later servers (presumably a manager, considering her outfit), was actually much nicer to us, but that still doesn't excuse the opening.
My bread was stale. The service was slow. The rest of the food was mediocre and overpriced. They seated me outside of someone's house, which was weird. The staff were very abrasive and yelling at each other.

It was just really a miserable experience.
I was here most recently for Restaurant Week. Given how many Italian restaurants we have in Philly, this one is pretty forgettable.

In my experience, service is pleasant. We were greeted by multiple people on the way in, our server was friendly, and we had no issue with where we were sat. Other reviews indicate service is not consistently good, so maybe we just got lucky.

We opted for the RW menu, and I had the following.

Caesar salad: fine, but nothing special. You really can't mess up Caesar salad.

Trio of penne pasta, cheese ravioli, gnocchi: Al dente pasta, pillow-y gnocchi. All done well.

Chicken Oscar: chicken topped with spinach (4 leaves) and crab meat (2 chunks) in a marsala wine reduction. The chicken was tender, but the flavors were bland, and the magic of the description just wasn't there in real life.

Dessert: They were out of several of them by the time we got to order, which was odd since it was RW and we had an early reservation. Anyhow, I ordered a sorbet, the kind that's comes served in a piece of fruit. It was delicious, but reflects nothing on the restaurant since they didn't make it. In fact, If I heard correctly, they order all of their desserts. 

Bottom line: Get a pasta dish for a nice average not-too-expensive meal in Rittenhouse. Don't expect your life to change.
I had been to La Fontana Della Citta a while back maybe 5 or 6 years ago for restaurant week and had a great time with a group of 6 of my friends.  So when we were looking for a place for my friend bachelorette party I through this place out there and it got selected.  It worked out excellently.  We did set up a pre fix before we went and they brought us normal menus at 1st but once we got that squared away everything seemed to go off without a hitch.  

The waiters seemed to be always there when we need another bottle of wine open, we were quite the rowdy bunch by the end of the night but they seemed to be patient with us.  The maid of honor who made the reservation though she saw a sausage dish on the menu (I think she got the pre fix option mixed up because I didn't remember seeing one) but when there wasn't one she got the waiter to make a special dish with sausage for the bride.  They also brought her out a special dessert an extra-long cannoli with two ice cream ball on each side; sure everyone can figure out what that looks like.

The food was good not spectacular.  But this was an excellent place with a group our size.  That fit the brides request for a BYOB restaurant.  And others requirement to be close to our hotel.
This is a cute Italian restaurant that is BYOB and has amazing food! This is not a well known place but after walking by it multiple times we decided we had to try it.  To start we got the bruschetta which had large pieces of bread and was very refreshing. The place has a huge menu which made it very hard to choose what to get for dinner.  We decided on the fetuccini bolognese and homemade gnocchi in a pink sauce as they both were rated highly by our waiter.  We were not disappointed! The food came out quickly and was very filling.  The fettuccini was our favorite as the meat sauce was very flavorful.  This place was slow in checking in on us and giving us the check but all in all we had a great time.  The staff is very friendly and the food was great! This spot is perfect for date night or just when you want to drink a bottle of wine and catch up with some friends!
Not the best Italian BYOB in the city. But it does the job this was my latest CC Restaurant Week spot. TBH - didn't really want to come here but it was the only place with a dinner reservation on a Friday night. (I was booking a last minute date night). 

The food was just ok. It's 4 courses for restaurant week. An app, a pasta second course, entree and dessert. All just okay nothing to write home about. 

Service was great and the staff is friendly and accommodating. Also in a great location right in Rittenhouse. I would come back, but I doubt it would be a first choice.
Atmosphere - 4. Great outdoor space and nice music. Right on a busy road so it's a little noisy sometimes. 
Service - 3. None of the servers could make a recommendation and they all seemed new and like they hadn't tried any of the food. It was pretty disappointing. 
Food - 3. It was FINE. Not the place to come for excellent Italian food (which is not hard to make by the way). The flavors were bland and didn't have much variety. 
Price - 2. WAAAY too expensive for the quality. I could make you a way better plate of pasta for 1/4 the price. 

Good if you have money to burn and just want good vibes. Not great if you're looking for quality or food worth the money.
A friend and I came here, but we did not end up eating. Overall, their outdoor COVID-friendly set up is nice, but we found the menu a little underwhelming. The server brought us table bread which was cold and lacking a bit in flavor. They also do not serve alcohol, it's BYOB for your wine--which being from out of town was inconvenient and unexpected.
We decided to eat elsewhere to have wine with our food!
Never again. I booked this place a little over a month in advance for a surprise birthday dinner for my mom's 60th. I thought it was strange that they never took a credit card number for a party of twenty-five. I also expected that they'd discuss what prix fixe option I would be going with so they could plan accordingly, but they never did. Every week I would call back to make sure the reservation was indeed there. 25 people at 8PM, guest of honor to arrive at 8:30 for the big SURPRISE! Every time I called they were just really casual, "Yeah, we got it."

So it rained the day of. And imagine my surprise and horror when I arrived at 8PM to see my 20-something guests all standing outside in the rain. I walked into the restaurant and they told me the last party was still seated and paying the check now. I explained that the surprise would be ruined if we aren't seated soon. She said, "Well, you should have told us." I was livid. I told her I called to confirm this thing FOUR times! She apologized and we were actually seated at 8:30. (I called my dad to stall.)

This is not the end of the horror story though. As a party of 25, I expected to be at four tables, or at worst two. Then my mom could mingle a bit. Instead they shoved us all in a cramped downstairs room at one awkwardly long table. They crammed a bunch of tables together that didn't even fit. They had to angle the last table bc it would have hit the wall. Not only this, but there was another large party of about 15 down there also at one table. The tiny room was packed. It was so loud we couldn't even hear each other. And so hot. 

The food wasn't even good. I basically spent $1000 for a mediocre dish and a migraine. So in summation, this place is the worst. The absolute worst. Hated it!
I am always super hesitant about going to places that are 3 stars or below but figured I'd take a chance this time. I couldn't be happier with the chance I took! 

The food was delicious, brought out in a timely manner, and easy to make reservations. Gratuity is added even if there's only two people. They do not sell wine but you can bring your own and they will charge a small corkage fee. 

The outdoor cabana/cabin seating is shared with another couple, so not much privacy and certainly not socially distant. There are however other outdoor single tables which allow for more privacy and distance from others.
Disclaimer: I live across the street from this restaurant, so part of me wants this place to be decent for those lazy I want italian nights.

That being said, what is with the haters?  This place is solid (and yes a little heavy) italian.  I've been three times in the last month, so if anything, it has been consistently pretty good italian.  The sauces can be a little heavy and if the dishes came with a calorie count, I might not be as high on this place haha.  Regardless, this place definitely is worth a trip.  Here are three reasons why:

1. BYO
2. Great outdoor seating on a pleasant corner in the city.
3. Inexpensive

I've escaped here in the $65-$80 range including tip everytime (two apps, two entrees, coffee).

My only warning is that there always seems to be a big group drinking heavily at this place.  If you want a quiet dinner, it may sometimes be tough here.  That said, it doesn't ruin the atmosphere...but I can see how some of the more tempermental customers could get their feathers ruffled.

Cheers LFDC.
The last time I was here I witnessed a waiter go after a customer outside and punch him. We ran into that group after and they said they were wrongfully accused of trying to dine and dash. Needless to say the service here is terrible. It is nearly impossible to get anyone's attention to even just refill your glass. Also kept having issues with them trying to clear plates before we were done eating. 

Had a reservation for a Friday night, table of 3 and they sat us in the basement in a room of a birthday party, very awkward. 

The food is sub-par, pasta tasteless, under cooked. I will not return or recommend this restaurant.
Interesting space we have here. After driving here from New York, and after I found a spot (40 minutes..kill me), walked up to this little restaurant. Now I am pretty used to crowds, however the entrance was jam packed with CheesyGirl Fest '08. Finally after getting past the crowd (and the fashions from Summer/Fall 2003) I made my way into the 23 deep crowd for my friend's birthday. Since this is a BYOB, I busted out my Riesling and my friend busted out her red wine. Ordered, sat, sat some more...and then finally they started bringing out the meals. I was a little late to the appetizers, and the bread was so/so. I do have to say that the meal was pretty good for your money. I had the Chicken Marsala which was not bad at all. I enjoyed it. Overall, I think the space is a little small for how many people they try and cram in. There were a bunch of large parties there, so obviously people had the same idea as us.

I enjoyed myself, liked the food, and if I were having a party in 'Illadel, I would have it here.
Mel has been wanting to try La Fontana for some time and last night was our first visit.

-We had 8:00 reservations and at 8:00 our table was ready! Great.
-We, once again, got an aisle table, but honestly there was enough room between tables that I didn't feel I was being crowded.
-Server knew the menu and answered questions politely. His name was Emri. If you visit, why not ask for him?
-The place was fully seated and it was a bit noisier than I'd prefer.
-The menu wasn't very inspiring. Only Talapia or Salmon as fish choices. All the beef, veal, chicken, and pork dishes were the same style.
-The food came out hot, and as advertised. Big plus. We had the spinach, and the antipasti for apps.
-They do tend to be aggressive about moving you along through your meal. I mean as soon as we finished our apps, the plates were gone.
-They entrees came out piping hot and as advertised. We both had pasta dishes. Mel had gnocchi and I had a seafood with vodka red sauce dish. Both were good and decent portions.
-We didn't stay for dessert as we wanted to go someplace else.
-Total tab was $68.00 for the two apps and two pasta dishes.

It's a three star....probably will go again kind of place.

If it was a bit more quiet and if the menu was a bit more inspiring they would definitely get 4 to 5 stars.
I wish I could give 0 stars. A group of 3 of us last minute decided to check out restaurant week since we all had off for MLK day. I did the reservation through open table, knowing most reservations for the wonderful restaurants would be taken. I saw this and thought oh, Italian restaurant in Rittenhouse. It has to be good! Wrong! 

We arrived at 3:45 right on time for our reservation. There was not one person in the restaurant, it was an odd time on a Monday so I thought it was ok. However, we sat down and given the menus and at 4:10 after NOT ONE person came to talk to us/ give water, etc. I decided we needed to get up and leave. There was a group of workers talking to each other, sitting at their table completely ignoring the only 2 tables in the entire restaurant. The table next to us who arrived about 10 minutes after us was thinking the same thing and left with us. 

The menu was not even good for restaurant week so I was not sad about leaving. The decor was very tacky and outdated. The place even had outside heat lamps inside. I wouldn't waste your time- even if it was a fre
The service was incredibly abysmal; if I could give this restaurant a zero star, I would. 
FIRST, we waited 40 minutes for a reservation we made in advance until we were finally seated. SECOND, Upon being seated, we waited twenty minutes until we received menus. When we asked one of the waiters for the courtesy of having menus, she put her arm over one of our party members and said, "Listen, we're busy. Everyone has been waiting like an hour."
THIRD, our food wasn't good! We were a 6 party group, and the minimum was at least $16 per person with a 20% tip for a group of over 5 people. The gnocchi was over-cooked and overly acidic. The penne was hard. The risotto was not soft; it resembled rice with sauce.  

Overall: Service: 0/5. Food: 0/5. Ambience: 1/5. 
Very disappointing experience, and I will not be attending this restaurant again.
Came here for outdoor dining on Friday during the time of COVID. Some stuff was good...most of it was bad. 

Got an 830pm reservation for 5 outside. Social distancing not used in great effect while waiting for someone to see us. Also no one was wearing face shields and many had masks below their nose. Also took us a good 5-8 minutes to actually get the 5th chair for our table. Someone came to open our bottle of wine and just randomly started talking to his friends that happened to be walking by while he was holding our bottle. Quite rude. They didn't bring out enough cutlery or plates for the whole table and we had to ask for more and they brought us water glasses for the wine while most of the tables around us had wine glasses. Our server was just not very engaged and very hard to understand. Not a huge deal, but the vibe they seem to be going for is that of a high class restaurant, and the service absolutely did not live up to that. 

 A quite massive menu which made me wonder how they can cook it all well. The answer turned out to be...they can't. I had the shrimp risotto. The shrimp were the most overcooked shrimp I've ever had. Like little bits of rubber. Hard to even cut which I thought was impressive to achieve for a shrimp. Had a side of asparagus. 5 or 6 dollars I believe. To be fair, they tasted good, but I think there were about 10 measly asparagus pieces on the plate...hardly worth the money even accounting for the flavor as there was no exotic ingredient on there. Also had the grilled Portobello mushrooms for an appetizer which was just drowned in balsamic vinegar. Had the tiramisu for desert. Several of us at the table ordered them and they were all significantly different in size and a bit deformed. 

After all of this, they state many things in the menu that make them seem very high brown. 2$ corkage fee and a 19$ minimum per patron and be aware of your other patrons and keep the noise down. Contrary to these rules, there was a table near us that was blaring their own music through a speaker and almost made it feel like a rave (as they danced down the sidewalk in a conga-line). No one said anything and if anything, some of the staff seemed to be dancing along. That's fine and all if that's what you want your restaurant to be, but if you're going to hold a rave, don't charge 2$ for opening a bottle of wine and 6 dollars for about 50 cents worth of asparagus and lemon juice. 

Crazy prices when you consider the quality of the food and poor service. The plethora of other excellent Italian options within 3-5 blocks of here make this place seem like a terrible food option.
I would give 2.5 stars instead of 3 if I could. Went for outdoor dining around 6:30 PM on a Saturday. Service was pretty attentive, however the bread they served us was cold and a tad stale, possibly frozen beforehand? A few of us ordered a Veal Chop special with a side of Gnocchi Gorgonzola. The veal chop was very fatty, and we were expecting to be served a lot more than just 10 gnocchi and two tiny pieces of asparagus. The calamari and antipasto appetizers were good, but that was pretty much the only good part of the meal (and that it's a BYOB). We were a bit shocked to see the veal chop specials were $40 each, and also a 20% tip was already included for our party of 5, which I don't think is common. Very overpriced for what you get, I don't see myself coming back anytime soon. I guess it makes sense why they had so many open tables for 6:30PM on a Saturday.
Went here with my boyfriend for a date night. Gave it a 3 stars because it wasn't the best but also wasn't the worst. Here's my honest breakdown of the place! 

Staff: my favorite part about this place! There was a young male and female waiters that I met who were both so nice!! Had the prettiest accents and went out of their way to make us very comfortable. They had a few other women who would bring our bread, clear the table etc, but everyone wore plain clothes so half of the time I had no idea they worked there. Every staff wore masks and were very safe. 

Atmosphere: I really appreciated the private cabins we got! We obviously could still hear the guests next to us but it was nice to be in our own bubble. There was plenty of room and it was cozy. Only complaint is I was very cold. They lit a heater for us but it was outside of our door so I could not feel it very well. This may have been our fault because some people had it closer. I'm sure if we asked they would've moved it. This place wasn't on a very popular street but it was easy to find!

Food: I ordered the seafood pasta and my boyfriend got the chicken marsala. We got bread before and topped it all off with a chocolate cake. Here's my breakdown of the food. For an Italian place, the bread was disappointing. It was just slices of a cold loaf of bread and we were just offered a bottle of oil. I wish it was warm bread or maybe rolls. We weren't too hungry so we had no appetizer to judge. For me, the seafood pasta was amazing! Beautiful white wine sauce and a great portion. I only received 2 shrimp and 3 clams but they made up for it with plenty of mussels! The seafood was a bit sandy but you can't expect perfect seafood in the city so I wasn't complaining. The chicken marsala was tasty except my boyfriend didn't enjoy it. He wanted to try it for the first time and ended up not liking it, which was obviously his fault and not the restaurants. When I tried it I thought it was very yummy! The potatoes were a tad undercooked and the broccoli had huge stems but besides that it had good flavor. The cake was a bit dry as well but we definitely finished it! Good flavor!

Drinks: This place is a BYOB which we appreciated. Also when I called to make the reservation they let me know that which I thought was super nice! They do have a small corking fee but ours was twist off. 

Price: The prices were not bad at all. We got two meals and a dessert for under $70. It definitely isn't a super high quality meal, but for the price you're paying it's good for a quick meal out.

I think my 3 stars mainly comes from being rushed. I read another review where a couple had their dinner in 30 minutes. The same thing happened to us! To be fair, we didn't order appetizers and I knew what I wanted before I came, but we ordered within 10 minutes and our food was out in another 5. A little sketchy to me that they can whip up these huge dishes in 5-10 minutes after ordering. We ended up finishing after 30 minutes and got the dessert which literally came out 2 minutes after ordering. It just makes you think how much food they have "premade". Once we finished we still had about 30 minutes until our ride arrived so we finished our bottle of wine and talked. No one rushed us out but we definitely got some looks from the staff. 

Overall, I don't think I'd go here again. I'm glad I got to try it and think that if you're in the mood for a quick meal on the less expensive side, this place will work for you! 

I included pictures of each of our meals.
I don't normally post negative reviews as I m usually not a very harsh critic. The pretty disappointing and disrespectful service forced me to take out time to write this review  . I went for my wife's birthday dinner and we didn't have anyone come to our table for almost 25 mins . The question is if they are not able to handle the capacity of people then why accept more bookings online . The quality of food was pretty average and the 4 course restaurant week menu was enforced. We would have walked out and gone to a different place if it hadn't been a birthday celebration.
One of my dear friends invited a large group (~20) to La Fontana Della Citta to help celebrate her 30th birthday.

Dinner was pretty good - considering our large party size and the other large parties in the restaurant. Our menu was slightly limited, I believe - but still had a wide range of entree options (probably 15 different choices.) I had a Caesar salad, which seemed slightly better than average, and "Pollo Fantasia" - chicken in a lemon white wine sauce with mozzarella and asparagus. My entree was fine - completely standard. 

Dessert was a family style sampler with some ice cream, connoli, and tiramisu - all pretty solid and reliable options.

Service was sometimes over-eager (clearing plates too soon, etc.) then also sometimes slow.

It was probably not the restaurant's best showing for food, but it accommodated a large party with ease and a decent selection of reliable Italian dishes.
This is such a mediocre restaurant. The only good thing about it is that it's BYOB, but other than that, the food wasn't that good, the service was mediocre, and the place wasn't that clean. I wouldn't come back unless I was desperate for a last minute BYOB spot that takes large group reservations - which is exactly why we came here.

I came here with a group of people for restaurant week and got the eggplant rollatini to start (very bland, not much flavor in the sauce) and I tried My friend's mussels in red (pretty good). The pasta in between was a plate of gargonzola gnocchi and ravioli that were both actually really good and then a penne which was so bland. I got the risotto scampi (the only part of the meal that I actually liked, it was actually pretty good) for my entree and tried my husbands chicken parm (again, very mediocre). The dessert was a plate of cannoli (pretty good), tiramisu (worst I've ever had...literally tasted like rubber), and chocolate cake (again, mediocre) that you share between every few people.

We had one basket of bread to start and when we asked for another, they said they ran out. Are you kidding me? You did not run out. We see it being brought to other tables. Flour is the cheapest thing to buy...you can't give ya another basket of bread? 

All in all, I liked the shrimp risotto, gnocchi and ravioli, but they were nothing to write home about.
Went here for a rehersal dinner.  Our couple of the hour had rented us the back room, and it fit everyone spectacularly.  They had the place set like a standard restaurant- some big long tables, and some 6 tops, 4 tops, round tops etc.  We settled in, and its a good thing we're all friends because we were packed in like sardines at a standard table while other tables went empty.  Eventually, we moved to a bigger table because we were so squished!  

1st course was a caprese to share with roasted red peppers, zucchini, and squash scattered in.  It was pretty delicious.  So delicious that we ended up going back to one of the empty tables, and borrowing their appetizer for our table.  Bread came out next.  It was pretty solid italian white bread with olive oil to dip in.  

This is when the choose-your-own-adventure began.  I went for the house salad, and gnocchi's with gorgonzola cream sauce.  It was the only vegetarian option, though I usually try to stay away from cream sauces when possible- especially on something as heavy as a gnocchi, the day before I have to be in a bridesmaids dress.  I'm not sure who worked out the menu, and with 45 or so people there, I wasn't about to get too picky.  The house salad was pretty good.  The dressing was delicious, but there was quite a bit of it to enjoy.  I usually go light on dressing, but this was applied liberally.  Oh well.  I went with it.  Then came my gnocchi.  You couldn't question the fact that they're home made, and delicious.  The cream sauce was fair, but I didn't really taste the gorgonzola the way I'd expected to.  Its a pretty pungent cheese.  I ended up adding some salt and pepper to kick it up a notch.  I didn't dislike the dish, nor would I go running back for it.

My boyfriend had some sort of veal dish that he said tasted like a microwavable meal.  He ended up finishing my gnocchi.  As a vegetarian, I really hate to see sub-par veal dishes.  It's such a bummer what goes into making veal, that I feel like each and every dish should be mind-blowing it make it worthwhile.  This I saw as a huge miss.

Dessert was served as a sampler of fried ice cream, cannoli, tiramisu, cheesecake etc.  There were 12 of us sitting at a table, and we got the same size plate as a 6 top.  So the negotiations began... I got 1/2 of the cannoli (and i fought for it!!!) and it was fine.  It always blows my mind in Philly that an italian restaurant wouldn't just go down to Termini or Cosmi's for some unfilled cannolis.  Why would you try to make them better?  People drive HOURS and wait in like even longer for these bad boys around the holidays.  You might as well embrace that someone else has perfected this... and now you have the opportunity to serve them.  

That's my rant.  So all in all- Service was great, the food was ok... pretty good... decent... we loved that it was a BYOB because they sure B'd a lot of YOB's.  It was a lot of fun, comfortable, etc.  Not sure I'd go running back here given the breadth of italian food available in Philadelphia, but I wouldn't dislike returning either.
Worst veal in Philly.
3 of us went downtown over the 4th to have a nice meal. Sat outside which was pleasant by the time of night we went, and there's always sights when you sit on the sidewalk. What's better entertainment than the American public?
To start the mussels in white wine were good, and the antipasti platter was fine. Then disaster struck. The entree's arrived.
Jumbo shrimp with pasta was sticky and over seasoned. I'm not going to make a big deal about "jumbo" shrimp not being jumbo beacuse the gulf problems continue and I'm sure it's not easy getting true large shrimp, but at least cook the pasta al dente!!! Daughter had the gnocci, which she said was good, but not up to the standards at other places close to the Italian market. Now for the disaster.
I had the Veal Milanese. WORST dish I have ever had in Philly, and among the worst 10 meals of my life. Try to picture two wafer thin pieces of brown shoe leather that are coated with a non-descript breading, served luke warm with a bunch of greens with some terrible dressing on them. I ate one piece and we left and had dessert somewhere else.
Will never go back to this place, EVER.
How cheesy is it for the manager and waiters to stand on the sidewalk hawking for people to come sit down and eat?  How many "good" places do you see do that? It is BYO, but so is LaViola, etc. which blow this place away. I don't care what the prices are when the food is this poor.
You want good Italian, just go to the reviews of La Vertu, et al and you'll at least have a nice meal.
Came here as a group, and it was not the best experience I've ever had. First off, they got our reservation completely wrong and had already seated a party in the private room downstairs. Instead, our group of 30 had to stand around for 25 minutes while they set up a long table on the street for us. 

As a group, we did the prix fix menu. It started with a caprese salad: good mozzarella, but the tomatos tasted like they had recently been thawed. Then a ok but bland caesar salad. For an entree I had the salmon, which was a huge piece of fish covered in a cream pesto sauce. That's all well and good, the fish was cooked mostly nicely (although again, pretty sure it had been frozen), but man, they can't add a single side or garnish? All I had was this piece of fish sitting by itself on a huge plate! Same story with my friends' veal parm and tilapia. Just throw in a potato or SOMETHING. 

The desserts were good, but that dinner was not worth $40, especially with the screwed reservation and slow service.

I would bet this place is a lot better in a small group. Unfortunately, that's not what I did so I can't rank it any higher.
A nice, affordable Italian BYOB.  We had a very, very large group in the private party room and had a choice of 3 entrees - and all were delicious.  Services was attentive and not pushy.  Decent atmosphere.

We also came here once on our own and had mediocre pasta dishes. 

We will be back, but not in a hurry.
I've been here twice. First time was fine, mostly unmemorable food but nothing bad. 

Second time was last night. Seven of us had reservations, and a few of us  were late, which they were very accommodating about. Likely because their service ended up not being particularly speedy. At all.  No worries on that though, as the ambiance IS great and we were really enjoying our conversations. 

The food was...fine. My Gnocchi with mozzarella was delicious, but lukewarm. Consensus was that my friend's meals were also lukewarm, and not as delicious. 

One girl is gluten free and ordered chicken masala with a flour less sauce. The waiter said that wasn't a problem. What she got was pathetic...two thin beaten chicken breasts without sauce or seasoning. And a few sad pieces of broccoli. Suffice to say she wasn't happy, although did not complain. 

 Unfortunately, when I was just about done eating as much gnocchi as I could handle, I found a long black hair at the bottom of the plate. EWWW. The hair was straight and my hair is extremely curly so no chance it was mine. I told a waiter, who responded with a noise sembling disgust. He did nothing, so our waiter came and said there were no employees with long hair, implying it was mine. Um, no. He asked if I wanted something else. I explained I already ate most of it and was full so, no. I expected a comp or something on the bill, but we received nothing of the sort 

Ambience - 3 stars
Service - 1 star 
Food - 2 stars

 They also have a 2 dollar corking charge and other weird rules, which other reviewers touch on.

Although good for groups, find another place.
Update 12-09: Since we have been here once before, I decided to try it again with 2 other couples. It was just a casual get together dinner date and I wanted to go to an Italian place with good pricing and consistent tasting food. Remember my past experience, I decided to make a reservation here. Unforfunately, this time, I can only give it 2 stars but really if I could 2.5 stars.
The food was fine. Not spectacular but fine. Everyone ate their food: Gnochi, Veal Parm, Fish pasta (special of the day)... cheese cake, tiramisu, bruschetta. 

It was the service that took some points off this time and I was REALLY embarrassed. Maybe I shouldn't be but I could not help it since I was the one that picked the place.
It was very crowded and the tables are very close to each other. You should work out before you arrive. The waiter was very aggressive at stopping your conversation to speak (but his accent was so thick my friend couldnt understand and we had to translate). They took our plates very aggressively as well. God forbid you wait a few minutes to tackle last few bites! You practically have to slap the hands out of the way! 
The last straw was the bill -

******  One, Uno, 1 Credit card PER table!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ONLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OMG!!!!!!!! If you dont believe them, they bring out the menu and stick it in your face because it is printed there and so if you ignored it or didnt read it then you are screwed but there is an ATM in the restuarant so you can still pay them!
And if the party is 5 or larger, they automatically charge you 20% tip.
I guess you can only eat with 1 other couple there.

This is really what took the star off from last time. 
We should've gone to Brazino.
Another great little BYOB!  The food is pretty good!  They serve amazing fish dishes!
A small Italian BYO, how many of these can Philadelphia have?  How many are actually great?  Well, La Fontana (sister restaurant to La Fontana Del Mar in Strathmere, NJ) is wonderful for its food and sub par for its service.  Weeknights will give you fast service and great food, but those weekend nights will be quite different.  They overbook the room and will always take large parties, even if they don't have a reservation.  It can be frustrating!  The one thing that saves this Albanian-Italin restaurant is the food.  Delicious!  Try the Tiramisu!
Make sure you get reservations for large groups ahead of time, this place was packed on a Saturday! It's been a couple years since I've been here, and I wasn't impressed, I feel like it was better last time. The place was super super packed and loud, before we had a  more private area down stairs. The bread is cold and unimpressive, you just get olive oil...no spices, so you make your own from salt and pepper. The food is pretty pricey, most dishes $20+. My salmon was really really average and came with two little potatoes and greens. The cappellini seafood special with pink sauce was really good though. Service is very slow, and we were there for a long while waiting for food and then check. There are also quite a few rules on the menu (I hate when restaurants do that), such as a min order requirement ($16.95), cork fee of $2 per bottle, will only split bill between two credit cards, etc. Not sure if these are enforced but just takes away from the experience. But it is really cute for people's birthdays they turn off the lights and sing a song, and bring ice cream ball and candle.

Overall if you need a last minute Italian BYOB in the city this is an OK option, but would put towards the end of the list.
My friends and I were in the area for my birthday happy hour on a Friday night and got hungry. We decided we wanted to sit down for a full meal, and Italian was something we could all agree on. The weather was beautiful, so everyone and their mom was out on the town. We were luckily able to find a reservation at this BYOB, so we stopped at the liquor store to pick up a couple of bottles on the way. 

Since it was so nice out, we asked if there was any room outside. The staff literally picked up a table and chairs from the dining room and carried them outside to accommodate us! Once we were seated, plates, glasses and silverware were promptly brought out, and our wine was uncorked. 

Some of the party had already dined here before and suggested the calamari to start. They came straight out of the kitchen, still-hot and crisp batter around the soft calamari. Served with marinara, they were pretty tasty. We also tried to balance the fried food with the caprese salad, which came with roasted red peppers. That was a nice touch but the tomatoes weren't that sweet and could have used more basil, so it left a little something to be desired. 

For my entree, I got the chicken cacciatore with angel hair in the lemony caper sauce. It was a standard Italian dish, which was neither fantastic nor bad. My friends got the lasagna bolognese, risotto, and a lobster ravioli special. Everyone was definitely content with their meal, and we all finished our plates!

To my surprise, my friend had told them it was my birthday on his way to the bathroom. (Oldest trick in the book, I should have known...) The restaurant brought out a slice of tiramisu, which was light yet flavorful, and it was a good way to end the meal. 

If you're looking for a no-frills Italian restaurant with all the classic menu options, this is definitely a solid option. The service is great, and the servings are a decent size that doesn't leave you hungry or wanting to be rolled out of the restaurant. Plus, the BYOB aspect definitely adds to its appeal.
I wish I could give 0 stars. A group of 3 of us last minute decided to check out restaurant week since we all had off for MLK day. I did the reservation through open table, knowing most reservations for the wonderful restaurants would be taken. I saw this and thought oh, Italian restaurant in Rittenhouse. It has to be good! Wrong! 

We arrived at 3:45 right on time for our reservation. There was not one person in the restaurant, it was an odd time on a Monday so I thought it was ok. However, we sat down and given the menus and at 4:10 after NOT ONE person came to talk to us/ give water, etc. I decided we needed to get up and leave. There was a group of workers talking to each other in Italian, sitting at their table completely ignoring the only 2 tables in the entire restaurant. The table next to us who arrived about 10 minutes after us was thinking the same thing and left with us. 

The menu was not even good for restaurant week so I was not sad about leaving. The decor was very tacky and outdated. The place even had outside heat lamps inside. I wouldn't waste your time- even if it was a free meal.
The service here is awful. Simply, the worst.  I made an open table reservation for NYE after checking out their website a week before and seeing no special menu for the evening.  It was not until we arrived at the restaurant that we learned it was a $100 per person Prix fix BYO- no alcohol included.  Seriously?!?! When we informed them this was NOT indicated on the website and we are not interested in a frix fix meal the hostess informed us there was nothing she could do and we should probably try somewhere else, and that we did.  Thank you to Parc Rittenhouse for squeezing our party of 5 in last minute on NYE and for the OUTSTANDING service provided.  I will never advise anyone I know to dine at La Fontana Della Citta.
I understand that Friday night is a busy night for La Fontana, but this does not excuse the fact that they rushed us--in an unacceptably rude manner. My party arrived 20 minutes late, but I had called beforehand to notify them of this and they said it was fine. When me and my party of 9 arrived, they said that there was a party arriving one hour later and that we had to finish our meals by then. Again, I understand that it was a busy night and that we were a little late, so we didn't mind. However, the server told us this in an impatient, arrogant manner. I must admit that I was taken aback by this rude attitude; however, not to ruin the mood of the evening, I just brushed it off and forgot about it. During dinner, the waiters, though polite, rushed as and we definitely felt their persistent pressure. They told us to quickly choose our options and also physically took away our bread plates long before we were finished. TO ADD FURTHER INSULT TO INJURY, at one point during our group's conversation, the same server (who had rudely talked to us early) was passing by our table, turned to us, and loudly SHUSHED US. Excuse me?! We felt like children being berated by a schoolteacher. I did not think that we were, by any means, being louder than to our surrounding chatter and, absolutely by no means, loud to the extent that warranted a rude SHUSH. He could definitely have been polite about this. These types of actions are not only absolutely unacceptable from a classy BYO but from decent human interaction. Furthermore, if the food is a consideration, it was so-so and by no means spectacular. I feel that their selling point is more about the portion size than the quality. There are too many excellent BYOs and good restaurants in Philly for you to waste your time in this one.
I had the gnocchi there about 2 months  ago, not only did it taste bad I woke up at 3 am with horrific abdominal pain and was in the bathroom for an hour. Service sucked too they forgot one of our entrees so we all had to wait, it's absolutely over priced for what u get, I will never go back
Awful from start to finish. Plenty of great BYOBs in the city to not subject yourself to this. We only went because we needed a last minute reservation for 7 and the options were limited. Never making that mistake again. They crammed us at a table for 6 (only 6 chairs) and then told us to wait and they would move us. Saying it would just be ten minutes but after 40 minutes and never asking to bring us menus or anything they finally moved us to another table for 6 (7 chairs this time).  They dropped off one plate of mussels for the group and gave a quick apology. Food was subpar at best and to close out the evening they did not return my card after the payment. The waiter told me to look under the table even though I knew it was never returned to me. Found my card on a shelf in the restaurant on my way out. Starting and ended the evening equally as awful. Never coming back and would never recommend it.
This place is decent.  I had Fettichini alfredo ($16.95) and Gnocchi Gorgonzola ($17.95).  The food was pretty good, the sauces were nice and creamy and tastey. 
However, for just "good" food, with NO MEAT on either dish, the prices were too expensive.  I'd go back if someone else was paying, but for my own dime, there's plenty of other BYOB italian places around the corner that I will try. 

On a good note, the servers and hostess were very nice, and the place smells wonderful when you walk inside.

Note: the "explore menu" option on Yelp has all the prices several dollars lower than the actual menu.  I thought I was buying $14-$15 dollar dishes based upon Yelp, but to my surprise it was actually $17-$18.  Also, the Fettuchini Alfredo says it comes with peas & chicken, but my actual dish had none of that, just pasta & alfredo sauce.
My first experience at La Fontana was at La Fontana Coast in Sea Isle City, NJ.  I was always extremely impressed with the food there, so I knew that I would love the location in Philly. 

I ordered the eggplant rollatini for my appetizer (delicious!) and the gnocchi sorrentina (gnocchi in a light pink sauce with chopped mozz. cheese) for my entree. I'm a gnocchi snob and this was probably one of the best gnocchi dishes I have ever had. For dessert I ate a chocolate cake, which was good but nothing to rave about. But then again I ate the whole slice, so they must have done something right.
Great Italian food! Came here to carbo-load before the Philly half marathon and definitely got the right nutrients for a great race and had a wonderful dining experience. The place is BYOB, but we didnt bring wine because we were running the next morning. The waiter, however, gave all four of us a complimentary glass of wine when we told him we were running. We debated whether wine the night before a race was smart--Why was the waiter trying to tempt us?!--but decided one glass couldnt hurt. Instead, the glass provided for a nice toast, and helped us digest and go to bed a little earlier. THANK YOU!
We started with salads, which were HUGE and done very well. They were well dressed and yummy. The entree portions were giant and soo good. We all had pastas that were light, filling and perfect for a pre race dinner!
Getting super sauced the night before taking your dad out for lunch is not a good idea. But sometimes social obligations, such as bachelor parties and Father's Day, are at odds with one another. When it happens, you just have to man up and face the music.

That being said, I throw my full endorsement behind La Fontana when such a situation should arise. You might feel like complete dogshit, but at least your old man will have a good meal, and you can take yours home to be enjoyed once your internal organs are functioning again.
First time eating here, just stopped in looking for somewhere to have a quick bite. Food was delicious. Place was not packed, our waiter was welcoming the. He disappeared and we literally had to wave someone down for the bill. Overall, I would definitely return.
An Italian restaurant run by Albanian's???
Its a BYOB place, which is cool. We both had the Night's Special, which I can't locate on their menu. It was Spiral pasta with 2 Shrimp, 2 Scallops that were cut in half at least, with crab meat. it was supposed to have a wine sauce. The dish had NO flavor at all. It was depressing. When I was done I felt as if I ate a pot of pasta.

Unfortunately this wasn't a pleasant eating experience, there was so much pasta and very lil of the seafood for $29.50 with dozens of restaurants around, the pricing is  pretty bad.

Looking at their Menu on-line your all impressed. I would come here again to try something else. Just to make sure this was a fluke.

But Ive noticed around different cities along the East Coast that many Italian restaurants have been taken over by Armenian's which is cool if their keeping it authentic Italian, somebody's gonna need cooking classes in it.

So until I return I stand by my experiences.
Food was good both times I've been there and comes out pretty quickly. However, I have yet to be able to use the 10% cash discount. Both times I was there they didn't let me use the coupon. The first time was because there were too many people in my party. The most recent time was because I didn't actually have the coupon printed out. I would think that in this day and age they should be able to see I have the coupon pulled up on my phone and honor it, but that was not the case.
C'mon- "Risotto Pescatore" is not seafood topped with white rice. Awful.
Absolutely my worst experience in an Italian Restaurant in Philly in years. Food is below average, service is slow and I saw the waiters favor regulars and mock new customers. Rudest waiter and owner I've dealt with in Philly. I've been to many more expensive restaurants....still this isn't cheap and for what you get, it's terribly over-priced. 

Lived here all my life...this is my WORST review of a Philly Restaurant.
