La Familiga has been in operation since 1976. That's 40 years from 2016, math majors. Let me start by tipping my figurative hat to such success in a tough restaurant industry. 

Their 40th anniversary rollback menu and pricing was actually what drew me in for my recent visit. I had recalled enjoying my experience about a decade ago, but this restaurant is far from hip and trendy and has likely missed its way back on to my very deep "to-eat" list.

On the other hand, it is a traditionally, upscale experience. The main dining room has a nostalgic antique feel. In all honesty, so did a lot of the other clientele. I say this not as a slight but as an observation. During the course of our meal, my husband and I were discussing how odd it is that an establishment of such stature only has 87 (now 88) reviews on Yelp. The older, more classically dignified demographic may be a factor. 

The other reason for their staying power is that the food is damn good. Nothing else will keep you afloat like an exemplarily meal. 

Going off of other Yelper's recommendations, we started by picking a bottle of wine from the holy bible of vino. We ended up with a lovely Chianti that paired perfectly with our dinner. 

As millennials, we went a non-traditional approach in ordering and started with pasta dishes instead of salads. As others had mentioned the pesto gnocchi is excellent but different. I believe the difference is the potato and ricotta blend that causes the texture to be a little lighter. The pesto sauce was creamy but did not drown the dumpling blend. My husband's penne arribata was simple but exemplified what the dish should be. A little kick, some chunks of tomato and a top of fresh basil.

We decided to split two entrees: the Vitello Papa Sena (veal of the picante, mandolese and capri variety) and the Filetto all Familiga. I haven't had such tender veal cutlets in a while. Each sauce was different yet complimentary of each other. The white wine sauce paired with prosciutto and mozzarella for the mandolese was ultimately my favorite. Although the butter in picante and white wine with spinach and pepper topped with mozzarella of the capri were certainly enjoyable.  The Filetto was prepared in a wine sauce but more in a gravy styling. It put a nice Italian touch on a classic cut of steak. Of course, it was prepared to the temperature of our liking and completely on point.

Expecting a traditional dessert menu, we were a little surprised when a tray of three options (that we've had previously never heard of) were presented to us. The Zuppa Inglese (an Italian dessert layering custard and sponge cake...thanks, Wiki) was the most intriguing. Consisting of a rum soaked cake with a light, fluffy yet crisp meringue-like topping, it hit the spot with a little post-dinner sweetness.

For this particular experience, the portions seemed to match the 1976 pricing, which is not necessarily a bad thing as I walked away content versus crammed. Perhaps if we ate like it was 1976, American waists would be more in line with a healthy standard, but I digress. 

While there are a million and one new restaurants in Philadelphia that are far more trendy than La Familiga, this is the spot to go if you are looking for an upscale Italian dining experience.

Writer's note: after initially submitting this a 4 star review, I can't honestly give a reason that it shouldn't be a 5 star review. I don't typically give 5s out for infrequent visits or promotional menus, however there is absolutely no reason a star should be deducted due to my personal Yelp "rules."
I attended a holiday gathering with my coworkers at La Famiglia on Thursday evening. There's a parking lot nearby and plenty of metered parking so don't let the center city parking situation scare you. Kudos to La Famiglia for handling our rather "merry" party of ten (that got even merrier as night went on) with ease. Our four waiters kept the drinks flowing and glasses full (hence the merriment I mentioned). The bruschetta and breadstick appetizers were tasty but the standout was the eggplant. Order it as an appetizer and you won't be sorry. The bread would have been better if it was warm. My salmon entree was delicious with sautéed spinach and roasted potatoes and even yummier the next day when I ate the leftovers lol. With an extensive wine collection, solid service and food, La Famiglia is definitely worth a visit.
BEWARE OF RESTAURANT WEEK MENU
I can't speak for this place during normal operation, but please omit it from your options for restaurant week. It was truly a disappointing way to spend $100. In fact, I'm so salty about it that I'm actually bothering to write a review. In short, here were the problems:

*I suspect a majority of the food served was frozen, specifically the meat entrees and the italian dessert sampler (the only dessert option). I'm convinced I could go to BJ's and find the identical dessert platter in the freezer section.


*Deceptive language on the RW menu:
     For example: "Veal medallions" came out as veal scaloppini...basically no meat  and overwelmed with sesame seeds. Sesame seeds were the only flavor on the plate.

*No wine, beer or cocktail menus available to diners. Boyfriend's cocktail was charged per ingredient. 
    For example: A Captain and Diet was ordered. It appeared on the bill as Captin Morgan: $9, Diet Coke: $2.50. Totalling $11.50 for a Captain and Diet served in a rocks glass. no no no.


BOTTOM LINE AND LESSON LEARNED: 
Be weary of going to high end establishments for Restaurant Week. The dishonest places aren't going to put quality on your plate for $35. It's a poor representation of their restaurant, but maybe they believe that only novices come in for RW to eat for cheap. For these types of restaurants it should be seen as positive marketing to spread the word and establish a customer base. As a result, I will never go back and  I would never recommend it to friends. I can't imagine this would be any restaurant's goal.
I want to preface this review by saying that I went during restaurant week.  With that said, I've had amazing meals at some very high end restaurants during previous restaurant weeks and to say that I was extremely let down at La Famiglia is an understatement.  

We were greeted warmly by the hostess who seated our party of 6.  Within minutes, the waiter came back with restaurant week menus that were tattered and stained.  While we were deciding on food, he brought out a basket of bread that was incredibly stale.  I only ate a couple of pieces because I was starving.  Ok, not off to a good start so far.

I ended up ordering the sea scallop salad, anticipating 2-3 large sea scallops on a bed of lettuce and veggies.  When it came to the table, I was disappointed.  Instead of finding large, meaty sea scallops, I was given mixed greens with tiny sea scallop turds.  They tasted like they were either frozen or straight out of can.  Actually, I could barely taste them because they were so miniscule. There was nothing else on the salad, which bored my taste buds.  Bleh.

Since I'm lactose intolerant, most of the pasta dishes were out of the question for the main course, so I ordered a medium rare steak and veggies.  You can't screw that up, right?  Not only was I unimpressed with my first course, but I was also disappointed with the service.  My table waited over 30 minutes to get our second course!  When my meal finally came out, I really had to contain my disappointment as to appear polite in front of our dinner guests.  Not only was my steak and the sauce covering it mediocre, it was definitely cooked over medium rare and had very little seasoning.  The steak was served with a small portion of mashed potatoes and veggies, which were definitely frozen, microwaved, and dumped on a plate.  Seriously?

Hoping the restaurant could redeem themselves with dessert, I waited in anticipation.  We were all served 3 small cakes (chocolate, ricotta cheese, and some orange cake) that were again very mediocre.  

If this is supposed to be fine dining, then Olive Garden is leaps and bounds ahead of this restaurant.  Get it together La Famiglia.  I will definitely never be back.  Thank god the entire meal only cost $35 because I have no idea how people fork over hundreds of dollars to dine here.
Pasta is freshly handmade. 
This place is unreal. Order a pasta main dish and share it as an appetizer.  Don't wast your stomach space on salad. Wine list top shelf.  Service excellent.  Chianti Reserva!!!! Nuf' said. Home made pasta. That's your order. 
Put this place on your list.
For restaurant week this year we decided to try out La Famiglia in hopes that it lived up to its expectations as a very good, high end Italian restaurant. I know many people say restaurant week is not a great time to see how a restaurant really is but I have yet to get a sub-par meal during it.

We walked into the bar/hostess station/coat check/waiting area barely able to fit through the door because of the extremely small area filled with waiting diners. We were seated at a nice table upstairs and were immediately asked if we wanted anything from the bar. We had all decided prior that we were not going to get alcoholic drinks because we we were all trying to keep the cost down. Well the waiter did not seem pleased that we didn't order anything other then Iced tea and soda because he actually made a face at us once we were all done placing our drink orders. In fact another gentleman came over and asked us again, if we wanted anything from the bar. 

Our orders were taken and within minutes our appetizers arrived. Some of us had the gnocchi and some had the crab cakes. My gnocchi was good, a nice portion and cooked perfectly altough it seemed like it needed a little bit of salt/and or season. I had a taste of the crab cake and that was actually really good but very small.

We finished and our main entrees arrived also very quickly. Between all of us we managed to only get the Veal and the Chicken. The veal was certainly one of the most unappealing looking dishes I may have ever ordered at a restaurant. No garnish, just 2 rolls of meat covered in brown sauce, soggy broccoli drowned in butter and a small slap of mashed potatoes. My second veal roll was very pink inside and the filling in both seemed to be bread stuffing I never found any mushrooms or tasted fontina. The chicken that the others in my group had was served with the same soggy drowned broccoli and mashed potatoes. It looked like a boiled chicken breast covered in cheese--I was told it tasted like any old chicken you would make at home. I was not impressed at all with the entrees. 

Finally dessert came. A fruit tart, small cheesecake and a cream puff. The fruit tart was really, really good the cheesecake was ok and the cream puff had a grainy texture to it and really wasn't too tasty.

Overall the food was just OK and the service was nothing near what it should have been considering we had about 5 different people taking care of us. I don't think I'll be returning here...way too stuffy and overrated for my taste.
The broad range of reviews for this restaurant is a surprise; it is a bastion of a style of luxurious dining rarely found and wonderful to partake, but one that takes a little engagement from the diner to enjoy.

Entering La Famiglia, you are greeted at the small, four-six seat bar, well stocked with fine spirits, and naturally skewed to Italian essential aperitifs and amari. Two glass cabinets of sparkling wineglasses at the far side of the bar/foyer flank the entrance to dining room beyond, all paneled in wood in the grandest style. As my partner and I both arrived with somewhat unsettled constitutions due to an unfortunate lunch at another establishment, we started with a pair of Negronis, knowing the bitter Campari would soon set us to rights and prepare us for the meal to follow.

We were seated next to the carved marble fireplace that housed the collection of after dinner grappa and digestif -- it's quite a collection of 50 or more -- to which we very much looked forward. The diningroom borders on opulent, the waitstaff all in waistcoats and ties and thoroughly educated as to the menu and specials (note: to those reviewers who think that the staff is "all Italian" or "not at all Italian" WTF? The staff is clearly not Italian, but why does that matter when they all know the dishes and the cuisine and do their job well? They could be Australian for all I care.) My partner started with the chilled tomato soup; I, the zucchini-wrapped grilled shrimp. My partner found the soup very wholesome and peaceful, though it might have been better a week or two later when tomatoes are a tad riper. My shrimp were wonderful; their sweetness enhanced with the rich  butter sauce. On this occasion (and partly due to the unfortunate lunch discussed above) we opted to go with just pasta for our mains -- but what pasta it was. I had the special crab and lobster stuffed angolotti in a red bell pepper creme sauce. The pasta was perfectly delicate and soft, the filling rendolent of sweet, sweet crustacean, balanced wonderfully by the slight zip of the pepper creme. My date's gnocchi were the softest rendition I have ever had, their texture that of a perfectly cooked baked potato, and accented by a gorgonzola creme that let only a restrained amount of bleu cheese funk through so that the sauce's earthiness matched that of the potato pasta. Our wine (merely by the glass -- though their by-the-bottle list resembles a telephone book, backed by the extensive cellars downstairs) was excellent -- mine the Sangiovese and my partner's a Montepulciano.

Around us, we saw diners enjoying tableside preparation and carving of whole branzino baked in a salt crust, the presentation of desserts off of the dessert cart, tables being seated and leaving, patrons (at least half, anyway) who actually were dressed for the occasion of dinner -- which is such a rare thing these days, but one that La Famiglia's stateliness merits.

We needed a break before dessert and, bucking tradition, took some grappa early -- both of us choosing barrel-aged versions of this venerable spirit. If you've never had it grappa is a wonderful experience, with one of the richest noses of any spirit. Barrel-aged versions start out with the sweetness and vanilla of oak, and fade to a gentle, fruity but austere whisky. 

For dessert, the lemon tirimisu seemed the most perfect hoice after the richness of out pasta, and indeed it was. The cake seemed soaked in lemon curd and coated in a lemon creme -- amazingly light despite an unfathomable caloric content, I'm sure. Espresso to follow came with little hazelnut maccaroons with nutella filling --an amusing twist on the common biscotti.

La Famiglia: Stately, not stuffy, excellent Italian cuisine. It's a grand experience you should treat yourselves to over and over again.
Me and a group of my friends came here for our birthday dinner and wanted to try it out for restaurant week. I had previously checked the menu ahead of time to know what I could order and was edible enough for me to eat. When we first got there, our table was ready but our friends were not there yet so they gave us the option to sit at the table or at the bar which is really small. At the bar, we ordered a drink that was made by restaurant week, delicious! 

We were then escorted to our table and I really loved the decor. It was like a very Italian family friendly decor and exquisite feeling. I felt like I was in a fancy house in Rome. lol. But loved it and it felt just right with the food! Which is superb!!! 

1st choice was the crabcakes with lettuce. The lettuce was not all that, but the crabcakes was pretty good for a mini size bite. My friends ordered the Gnocchi Sorrentina - Homemade ricotta gnocchi with mozzarella, basil and fresh marinara sauce - AND I LOVED IT! It was like a soft thick pasta in chunks in marianara sauce and it was banging!! Never had something like that before and it was delicious!!

2nd choice - Petto di Pollo alla Capri- Breast of chicken served with sautéed spinach topped with mozzarella cheese in a wine butter sauce. It was delicious and I did not leave one bite behind. My friend ordered the risotto which is DELICIOUS because i love risotto!! My guy friends ordered steak and they said it was great and it was cooked just right and they are regular steak eaters. I tried it and it was seasoned just right and tasted amazing! Another friend of mine ordered fish and that was sooo good as well. Everything we had overall, everybody was very pleased!

And our 3rd course was 3 samples of tiramisu, cherry tart, and creme puff, omg - all soooo good! LOVED IT! I loved every single bite here and I would definitely come here again for a nice romantic evening with my boyfriend and this is definitely an intimate setting for close group of friends. Amazing Italian food I ever had! Service would need to be a bit faster however because it took awhile for us to receive the check, but overall, excellent dining here and not 1 problem. 

I would definitely recommend this restaurant for anybody who wants good Italian food. The price is up there, but I think its worth it. They also had a huge wine list which is good for our  men who loves wine!
I ate dinner here and the restaurant is doing it's 41st year anniversary. This amazing amazing deal is still happening right now until August. But essentially the restaurant is bringing back its "nostalgic menu" from its very first year and offering its menu at the SAME EXACT prices as they were 41 years ago. Meaning there was $5 Calamari and $5 pasta dishes. Needless to say, my friends and I literally all had a five course meal. Including dessert! It was so so good. Just a warning though. We had a real Italian dinner and ended up being there for a good four hours. But it was totally worth it. 

They also have an awesome wine cellar downstairs so we ordered a bottle of wine too. The clientele seemed older, slightly senior citizen-y. But we didn't feel weird about being the youngest group there. The food was just so so worth it. Highly recommend!
Now, I know restaurant week dinners are to be taken with a grain of salt...but really this was not good. Definitely the worst restaurant week experience I've ever had. I certainly didn't expect whatever their usual quality is (which I assumed was quite high, Ive always heard pretty amazing things about this place) but what I received was simply edible at best.

We had crab cakes over arugula, gnocchi, seafood risotto & veal.
The crab cakes were simply OK, the salad they came with waaay too saturated w/ balsamic vinaigrette, the gnocchi had an excellent texture & consistency but the sauce with it very bland. As for the entrees, the risotto was absolutely nothing to write home about but was far better than my entree of veal. It was listed as veal medallions in a mushroom sauce, but seriously it came as like cutlets of salisbury steak & tasted about as good. I had mashed potatoes on the side which tasted really weird (almost...moldy) & on top of that were cool, my steamed broccoli seemed like it came from a frozen bag.
I was only able to eat a few bites of my entree & let me server know about my displeasure. He offered me a different entree, but I wasn't interested. My appetite was simply gone.  I didn't ask for my meal to be discounted in any way, but when I received my bill I noticed that I wasn't charged for any of my wine...I don't know if that was intentional but whatever I took it, haha.
Dessert was pretty good (chocolate cake, cheesecake & poached pear).

Service was really slow...& I know they were busy so I wasn't too put off by it, but still...it was *very* slow.

I have no interest in trying La Famiglia for their regular menu.

I would give my experience there only two stars, but since I was there during restaurant week & didn't have their usual menu, I'm upping it to three (just in case).
I went for Restaurant Week, and everything was just ok.  One problem that I had, that I have with just about every restaurant/bar/lounge around here is that they are just too small!  Row houses are NOT meant to serve as restaurants/bars/lounges, they are meant for people to LIVE in them!  And unless your last name is Gosselin (I just finished watching "Jon & Kate Plus 8"), you should NOT have a house full of people like that on a regular night...sorry I'm getting off topic.  

Anyway, I digress - being that I'm from New Jersey, I take my Italian food pretty seriously (yes, black people can take Italian food seriously too), and this place just didn't cut it.  

It didn't help that this man and his "goomah" came in and started getting all touchy-feely at the table. 

 I don't even remember what I had, which means the chances of me returning are slim to none.
I came to La Famiglia for the first time this past  restaurant week I was seated right away even though the other half of my party was very late.  I really appreciated this, because I have been at many an empty restaurant where they wouldn't seat me until my whole party was there.  

My table ordered the eggplant melenzane (AMAZING), Gnocchi in gorgonzola (okay), NY strip (outstanding), veal (I didn't try it, but they all liked it), and the salmon (moist, with the perfect amount of lemon).  

The service was excellent, but the desserts and mixed drinks needed improvement.

They have an awesome wine cellar in the basement, which was really cool to see as well.  I would definitely return to this restaurant.
La Famiglia Ristorante: Philadelphia's Best Italian Restaurant
8 S Front St, Philadelphia, PA 19106 (215) 922-2803 www.lafamiglia.com/

I lifted the title of this review from the official Google search for this restaurant, and the top of the results lists the La Famiglia website as Philadelphia's Best Italian Restaurant. A bit pompous on their part, proclaiming themselves the best, but after eating here I have to agree.

Opened in 1976, La Famiglia has been serving the Philadelphia community for almost 30 years.  Given that according to the Small Business Administration, "About half of all new establishments survive five years or more and about one-third survive 10 years or more." it says something about the experience provided by dining at La Famiglia that has withstood the test of time.

Upon entering the restaurant, the establishment at once has an aristocratic, old money feel. This restaurant is not for the faint of heart, or wallet. It is also a two to three hour affair.  The waitstaff doesn't even bring the menu out until 15 minutes into the meal as you are given various amuse bouches and an extensive wine list for leisure reading.

The first course (complimentary) is a standard bruschetta.  Excellent.  Sliced tomatoes, crisp and crunchy with buttered toast perfectly browned that all melts together in your mouth. A+ One of the nice things about this restaurant is if you really like the amuse bouche you can order another round of it at no charge, which was a nice touch.

I have to take a second and comment on the china.  Sterling silver cutlery and ornately decorated china make the meal so much more pleasurable. It gives a warm, family dinner style to the meal, I assume in keeping pace with the restaurant's name.

Gnocchi Gorgonzola -- $16.95 Homemade gnocchi with Gorgonzola cheese, cream and crushed almonds. This was a fantastic creamy dish with a little accent by the addition of the crushed almonds.  I cleaned my plate in less than 5 minutes. Delicious.  For your information: Gnocchi are various thick, soft doughs that may be made from semolina, ordinary wheat flour, flour and egg, flour, egg, and cheese, potato, breadcrumbs, or similar ingredients.  Usually served as a first course in place of soup.

Insalata con Arancia e Finocchio -- $9.95 Mixed greens with fennel in a lemon extra virgin olive oil dressing, garnished with fresh orange slices.  Also delicious, very citrusy though.

Vitello al Pistacchio -- $26.95 Pistachio crusted veal medallions served with cranberry in a light madeira sauce. This was amazing.  I practically licked the plate. Madeira Sauce is a classic sauce made by adding Madeira wine to a basic demi-glace (rich and deeply flavorful sauce made by half basic brown sauce and half brown stock reduction). The Madeira sauce is an excellent accompaniment for roasts and steaks.

Special: Veal wrapped with Italian eggplant.  Finished with a touch of eggplant cream sauce. Eggplant and veal certainly is an interesting mixture.  It was not bad by any means but certainly not a combination I would make myself. The veal was tender and sauce was adequate and creamy.  Nothing too crazy here.

For dessert: Creme caramel, vanilla flavored flan. Interestingly enough, this is a dessert of Spanish origin so I was surprised to find it on the Italian restaurant dessert menu. It was very good and the caramel sauce was fantastic. Presentation was a bit on the plain side, but it certainly made up for it in taste.

Of note: 
A fully stocked bar adjacent to the main dining area.
Bottles of fine spirits adorn the mantles.
Gorgeous overhead lights

History of the Restaurant (Per La Famiglia Website)
The Sena family tradition of culinary excellence dates back to early 1947 when Carlo "Papa" Sena began to cook in postwar Naples. The family carried this experience across the Atlantic and opened La Famiglia in 1976.
Beware of Restaurant Week menu!!!

Dined here with my sister during restaurant week and was very disappointed. 

My first course was a bolognese which was decent. Second course was chicken breast, spinach, fontina cheese with a white wine butter sauce. It was terrible! 

Her first course was a mediocre gnocchi and her second course was a steak that easily looked like a TV dinner salisbury steak. Terrible! 

Sampling of desserts were all very underwhelming.
Went here a while ago, this place sticks in my memory for my absolutely horrendous experience!

I went here based on reviews and locations, for a night out with a friend of mine.  My first impression of this place was that it was a bit conservative.  The aesthetic was very classic, an old-school Italian style reminiscent of the very old Italian joints in NYC.  The environment, however, was pretty cold (besides the friendly hostess); the waiter (who turned out to be the owner), bartender and server were straight-faced and all business, the clientele was older (I was 24 at the time, most in there were 45+), and the atmosphere was stuffy and pretentious (unlike the aforementioned NYC restaurants, which are characteristically lively and fun).   Needless to say, if you're young and going out for a light-hearted night, skip this place

The drinks and food were both good.  Solid.  Above average, but certainly nothing noteworthy or exceptional, and considering the prices, I was expecting much more.

The reason for the one star?  This is the first and only time I even left $0.00 tip!  The waiter (the owner) deceived my friend about the menu, very strongly advising her to order a special ($$$$) rather than the dish she wanted.  It was VERY uncomfortable and when I found out about his lie (saw the dish on someone else's table), I was STEAMING.  Not only did this guy con us, but he came off like a stuck-up jerk, like we didn't deserve to be served by him, and I NEVER complain about service.

If you are at all concerned with having a good time, please consider other places before La Famiglia.  Seriously.
Terrible Terrible Terrible.

For a supposedly higher end restaurant, I was ashamed to bring my clients to dinner here. It centered around the wine. We spent over 2k on a dinner with clients from out of town. We had about 4 bottles of wine. One of which was $350 from my favorite vineyard. Corky didn't even come close to the description as it was an '83. 

I told our "waiter" four times in different ways that the wine had turned yet he thinks it would be a good idea to still serve it to the five of us. None of us drank it. How many times and in different ways do I have to say the wine has turned before looking bad in front of clients??

They served it, we left it on the table, and then...THEY CHARGED ME FOR IT! I've asked them five times to respond and refund my partner and my money but they haven't. 

Terrible Terrible Terrible. If you come for the wine, go elsewhere because you'll pay top dollar for vinegar.
What can I say. I HATE to write not so great reviews, especially for places as famed  and beloved as La Famiglia. We ended up getting a reservation for the Throwback Pricing menu, which was awesome. There wasn't a single pasta on the menu over $5 (except the carbonara for 2, which was a thrifty $8.95). The entrees didn't top $15 either, great prices. The service was impeccable, the waiter even used one of those fancy crumb brushes! (seriously, an actual crumb brush). If I were to review the restaurant on the service alone, it would be a 5 no questions asked. The decor is definitely old school, and  I don't mean that in a bad way. it's very ornate and reminiscent of upscale dining probably back in the 70's and 80's. 

The food, that's where it went south for me. Now I will say being Italian and living in Italy for many years, I'm VERY picky about my Italian food. I also can enjoy spaghetti and meatballs from my local pizzeria and be happy as a clam. 

For appetizers, we ordered the fried calamari and the sauteed mushrooms in garlic and wine. The mushrooms were awesome, I think the best part of the entire meal! The calamari was cooked well, but super bland. And this became the undertone for the rest of the meal. 

For our first pasta course, we did the carbonara for 2. it was decent, but the sauce was very soupy and just bland. 

For the main dishes, i had the filet with onions and marsala sauce and the wife had the seafood bouillabaise. The steak was cooked well, but the sauce was just this sort of goopy gravy type sauce. The whole dish was just soft and mushy. The seafood boulaibaiisse was also bland, and the fish overcooked. 

All in all, i'm glad i got to check out the throwback menu to such an iconic restaurant in Philadelphia and i'm also glad I didn't pay today's prices.
First, let me start by saying, I'm an Irish American and although I do know how to make my own pasta and sauce I do not consider myself an Italian food expert. I know enough to know that Olive Garden is nothing like real Italian food and that no one does it better than my best friend's Grandma (thanks to her for the pasta and gravy recipes). 

Outside of that, I enjoy most Italian places. This place... not so much. 
I heard that this is one of the nicest Italian Restaurants in the city but I just wasn't blown away by any of it. 

My gnocchi was mediocre; overcooked and the sauce tasted like it was out of a jar. My wine was very expensive but also not very good. The service was okay but the waiter seemed to be more interested in getting us out the door than ensuring we were enjoying our meals - it was a Wednesday night and we were the only people in the restaurant so I am not sure what all the rush was about.

Over priced for the quality of the food and the service. You won't be catching me here again.
My friend and I took our girlfriend here for her birthday. We have been trying a different Italian restaurant as ofter as we can. I must say, I was very impressed with the food and service. Everything was delicious & with each bite I felt like I was in heaven. The service was impeccable. Since we had a birthday lady with us, the desert was free but well worth paying for. I entered feeling welcomed and left feeling satisfied.
I organized my department holiday luncheon here this year. I had tried their food on a couple different occasions, and since it is top notch, I figured it'd be a nice setting for a work event. 
My group consisted of about 40 people so we were given the private room on the second floor. The service was impeccable and the food was as good as I remembered. 
Thanks La Famiglia, for making this event a success
Came here for nostalgia night for my first time here and it was so-so. The interior decor of this place though is super vintage and i felt like i was in an italian mob movie which was great.

I obviously came for the amazing prices but soon to discover the prices match the portions.

Calamari - very well cooked and honestly a good portion compared to the others.

Cesar salad - soooo heavily drenched in dressing and parmesan cheese but i know some people are into that sorto f thing

Carbonara pasta for 2 - good portion for 2 people to share and was pretty good; i love the spiciness to it!

Zuppa de pesce - too much fish not enough other seafood. and the fish has bones. the gravy was a bit salty... not the biggest fan of this dish

veal 3 ways - WAYYY over  cooked and too chewy, i barely touched this dish.

Overall i would maybe come back here and just get more pasta and stay away from the entrees. i dont know if quality on the entrees was compromised because of "nostalgia night" but if you are proud of your restaurant you should always have great dishes even if the prices are lower than usual if you want people to keep coming back!
Yes, I know its an old school restaurant and people even dress, but I like it anyway. Once in a while its nice to go out to a place where people look like they are out to dinner and not going bowling.
The food is on a par with most of the better Italians in the city and the service is very good. 
Since it's Italian I could go thru the pastas and veal dishes , but they are pretty much the same choices you get at most top eateries.
One of very best dessert carts in the city, second only to La Bec Fin.
Valet parking, all major credit cards and dinner for 4 with 2 bottles of wine was just over $300. Yes, it's on the top end range in this city, but if you are celebrating and b'day or anniversary this is a wonderful place to go.
Oh yes, you can hear each other speak across the table because it's quiet.
This is my kind of place.  First, it's an Italian restaurant where every single staff member talks with a heavy Italian accent.  That's a good sign.  Second, their wine list comes in a 4-inch, 3-ring binder.  That's a good sign.  Third, they give guided tours of their wine cellar.  If only the law recognized human-restaurant marriages.....

At the end of a hectic, busy, but fun and productive trip, I found myself in the company of 4 good friends, sitting down to dinner on OPM.  We had...well, we had everything.  Salads to start, then 2 pasta dishes for the table, then steaks, fish, you name it.  The opening bottle of grenache gave way to a main-course bottle of Barolo that I'm glad the sommalier talked me into.  An after-dinner port settled everything very nicely.

The service was polite and prompt and helpful.  The food was excellent.  The wine was properly served and well-attended to.  You probably shouldn't show up in a hoodie and Vans, but then this is a nice restaurant, not your rec room, so that shouldn't be a surprise.

My 20% of this 2.5-hour meal came to $120 with tip.  And we drank $200 in wine alone.  So I wouldn't call this place expensive.  Just excellent.
"Rocky Balboa" was one of my favorite movies of 2006. (I love the original, which won the '76 Oscar for Best Picture, and I admire Stallone's knack for maintaining the character's likeability through six films. Think about it: Michael Corleone lost his intensity in the third Godfather, and George Lucas crashed and burned with the Star Wars prequels.) 

My point? Well, I'm in Philly on business, so to honor the Italian Stallion (who wound up opening a restaurant called "Adrian's"), I didn't object when I heard we'd be dining at La Famiglia. A taste of Italy, Philly-style.

First-class? Yo. An elegant (yet relaxing and comfortable) setting, attentive service, and an incredibly expansive wine list (including the Mondavi Cabernet Sauvignon we all enjoyed). I was tempted by the Charcoal Grilled Filet Mignon (in a red wine sauce), but wound up ordering (and loving) the Pappardelle with Porcini Mushroom. The entire experience was a first-round knockout!
The place looks nice. 
The servers were friendly, but incompetent. 
The food was overcooked and poor quality.

Started with calamari. It had the consistency of a condom. 
Pesto gnocchi was good, but texture was a bit off.
Veal cutlet was good.
Pescitore was terrible. Overcooked clams, mussels, and calamari. Fish was bearable. One shrimp, but it was the only thing cooked correctly. 

Staff does not speak much English. If they spoke Italian, it would be fine by me, but they are all Mexican.
This is another restaurant in the city that I will forever adore. I don't even know where to begin! When walking into the restaurant you are greeted and are able to check your coat. I have always had a reservation, but have always been seated immediately upon arrival. My husband and I like to stick to ordering a bottle of wine when we are at an italian restaurant. Their wine list is the most extensive and impressive wine list I have ever seen. I would say it's about five encyclopedias big. The last time we were here we ordered the Ca'Momi Cabernet Sauvignon. It went perfectly with everything we ordered. Occasionally we will order a cocktail. I think my husband has only had a problem once where he asked for a Manhattan, but received rum instead of whiskey. Accidents happen. 

For starters we shared the eggplant w/ fresh mozzarella. I get this every time I am here! Ugh, it's just too good. We also shared the sautéed octopus. Octopus is always a hit or a miss for me. In this case it was a true success and the cherry tomatoes were a perfect addition. They don't mess around here. Literally everything is great! -- Our dinner entrees included the veal medallions and my husband had the filet mignon. We shared an asparagus o'gratin for a side as well. The portions of the food are just enough and I recommend all of the above! Deserts are well presented and not overly sweet!

We have always dinned on the upstairs floor. It's quiet and classy. Service is always well up to par! Highly recommended if you're looking for somewhere to take your spouse for a romantic dinner!
Full disclosure:  we dined at La Famiglia during restaurant week.

During the first half of our meal, my husband and I kept commenting that the service at La Famiglia is some of the best we've ever had (despite the usual crappy service you get during RW).

The appetizers were the best part of the meal.  The gnocchi was probably the best I've had.

The meals were good.  The risotto here was much better than the risotto at Fork, but still paled in comparison to the risotto at Christopher's in Wayne.

Dessert was pretty good too.  Nice selection of three italian desserts all on one plate.

I think we waited half an hour for our check at the end of the meal.  I totally understand the art of not rushing people out.  But we sat there, credit card out on the table for thirty minutes.  Oh well, still an excellent meal.
This is a fantastic place for a date night. Looks upscale and quiet environment for a good conversation. 

I had Carpaccio for appetizer. Very special and flavorful. And it's good to share.

For the entree, I had chilean sea bass. Very tender and delicious besides there is  not really any flavor for the inner. 

The dessert cart looks soooo good and we ended up getting the banana cheesecake with chocolate chips. Definitely recommend this desert! :)

Overall, the food is awesome, the service is great besides it's a bit overpriced. But definitely worth it especially you want to take your girl out for a special night! :)
Not the best high-end Italian food I've ever had, but then again I went during restaurant week.

My polenta & mushroom appetizer was really not that great at all.  And the green peppercorn bistc was lacking green peppercorn!  

The wine list was way too exaggerated!  Do they really need a HUUUUGGGE book for their wine list?!  How cocky are these people?!  My friend had to STAND UP to go through the wine book because it was sooooo big.

Basically, I was disappointed with my food.  I expected better.  But I'd go again when it's not restaurant week and try their real menu.  If I go again and it's not good, this place gets 2 stars.  It'll go up to 4 stars if it's amazing the second time around.
I came here a few weeks ago for a private event in the wine cellar, but would like to maybe come back on my own for dinner to really get a feel for it.  I'd say it's a 3 for the food, 4 for the service and 5 for the ambiance.  Perhaps if it wasn't a prix fixe menu for the 15 person party we had, the food would have wowed me a little more than it did and the service would have been better.  I still had a great time, however.

The wine cellar is DARK (duh, you're probably saying), but I found it hard to even see the menu or get my bearings when I first walked in.  With that said, it's friggin' romantic as all hell and I wished I was there with my boo instead of an office party.  Speaking of wine, you're pretty much never gonna find a better selection of wine in the city than here.  The list is not merely a list - nay - it's the damn Gutenberg BIBLE.

I was disappointed there was no coat rack for all of us to put our heavy coats and no one offered to take them.  I ended up piling mine and others on a random side table.  We had some butlered hor d'oeuvres and cocktails/wine prior to the meal, which was nice, but all 15 of us were crammed into the tiny space behind the table so it made it hard to talk freely without bumping into someone.  (Bonus: my boss said his Old Fashioned was the best he ever had, so that's good).  Hor d'oeuvres were good - shrimp cocktail, marinated mushrooms, and pizza bites - but the mushrooms were by far everyone's favorites.  The pizza bites honestly tasted like Totino's pizza bagels out of the freezer.  It was hard to flag down waiters for drinks since there only seemed to be 1 or 2 of them and they spent the time butlering the food and clearing the cocktail napkins (we never got little plates for our apps?).

After the cocktail hour, we moved to the long table for our dinner which was, from start to finish, a nice meal, but nothing spectacular.  I did enjoy that each course came with its own special wine for pairing (and the pairings were REALLY great).  First course was a baked provolone cheese topped with some type of olive oil/sundried tomato jawn.  It was decadent, maybe a little too decadent, and my one boss thought he was eating veal, which is a testament to how tender it was.  Second course was three types of pasta: one red sauce, one cream sauce and...something else.  Nothing in that course stood out to me at all.  Third we had a choice of entree and I opted for the filet mignon, which was probably the best part of the meal, super tender and juicy and flavorful (a perfect medium rare) and served with fried onions, Delmonico style.  Definitely the best part.  Dessert was also nothing special - tiramisu and some other chocolaty things (I'm not partial to Italian desserts). 

We finished off the meal with port wine (yum!) and they were cordial enough to let us stay past our welcome as we chatted and digested.  

With so many Italian places in the city, I won't be pining to come back immediately unless I could sit in that gorgeous wine cellar again.
I went during restaurant week and had a pleasant experience. The service was nice but not great. They seemed bored and would "turn it on" when you had a need but otherwise were just lounging around the restaurant. I don't mind staff relaxing or enjoying down time but laying around all over the store. The food was good but not great. I think restaurants have forgotten that restaurant week should provide a hook, so that I want to come back. 

Based off my meal, I'm glad I went once but the menu wasn't anything that would make me come back. Especially not at the price point of their menu. Also, the dessert was three little cake/pie things that were all blah. 

Get the fried mozzarella with prosciutto. That was pretty delicious. Downstairs near the bathrooms is the wine cellar. Its a pretty cool thing to see.
very expensive old-school italian food served up in a very, very formal setting... a little too formal for the likes of me.  service is wonderful as one would expect when paying major bucks for dinner.  it actually wasn't snooty service, either - just friendly, pretty much genuine.  i've been twice and that's where they excel.  food would be pleasing to the masses, so a fine place to take finnicky parents or for a business dinner.
La Famiglia is like walking into another world, it feels like it hasn't changed much since it opened decades ago, and that's just fine.  If it isn't broke, don't fix it! The food is good here, nothing crazy and nothing you haven't seen a lot of the Italian places in the city.  It is done well, its rustic with lots of care and love and everything has great flavor.  They don't try to re-invent the wheel, but sometimes you need a great plate of pasta. 

What really stands out is the wine, and how it's treated.  It may be one of the best kept wine secrets in the city.  The wine list is literally the size of a bible, its huge, but well organized so you can find the kind you like, but get to explore it and try lots of new things.  Downstairs you can explore the wine cellar, including the well utilized to keep the room chilled and humid.  You can tell this is their real pride and it is an experience in itself. 

In short, come for the wine, let yourself enjoy a big plate of perfectly done pasta and revel in the old world atmosphere that is still present in this little gem.
I saw the negative feedback and I totally disagree. My experience here was wonderful!!!!La famiglia is one of those great restaurants in Philly.. You can have good wine( they really have a wine BIBLE) along with real Italian Cuisine. Ask for gnocchi in cream sauce , they are delicious!!! . My girlfriend had risotto with mixed seafood and she was very pleased. My entree was their branzino and it was light, flaky, perfect. Their desserts are very fresh, I believe they are homemade. I had the fruit cake and I would always go back and order it again.
The service was also great and I hope one day I am gonna have a small party in their Wine room, down in the Wine Cellar. . It's a spot I would highly recommended for special occasions. It's not that pricey like many people said in many reviews( $130 for 2 people with a bottle of wine). This restaurant is been there since 1976 and it's still great!  I am gonna be back with my family.
Philadelphia is a city of Italian restaurant everywhere...but just a few are truly great!!
We went for the nostalgic menu from 1976. We started at the bar with some nice cabernet before moving to our table upstairs. 

We started with the melon and prosciutto starter. We followed that with gnocchi (one with pesto and one with tomato sauce) and finally, for dinner, the filet mignon and a chicken dish with mushrooms and peas in a cream sauce. 

The gnocchi was the best I've ever had. I could have eaten an entire bowl of just that. SO GOOD. The filet was perfect with an onion and mushroom sauce. 

My favorite part of the night was the dessert cart. There were three to choose from -- two cakes and PROFITEROLES. Of course, I opted for profiteroles. They were perfect -- not too sweet and not too overwhelming. 

The service was amazing and the owner stopped by to see how we enjoyed our meal. I am looking forward to going back and trying their regular menu.
Outstanding find...small classic Tuscan restaurant suggested by our hotel consciege 
Bakes bransini served table side was fresh sweet moist fish with a olive oil sauce. All of the pasta was home made and fresh
Service was special...limoncello on the house to end the meal.
Special evening for everyone
This is the restaurant time forgot.  We went for a friend's birthday party...underwhelming and overpriced.  Both food and service were subpar.  

When someone in our party asked for a drink menu, the waiter rudely replied, we have a full bar like most restaurants.  Super helpful.  

The prices are inflated for what you get.  $15 for a bed of arugula?  $24 for a fettuccine like pasta with mushrooms and no protein?  White bread they served was bordering on stale. 

So you may ask...why 2 stars?

1.  The delightful waiters, not ours, who sang happy birthday to our friend in English and Italian.
2.  The brown bread in the basket had a hearty and rich flavor when dipped in olive oil. 
3.  Complimentary dessert, a lemon strawberry shortcake was delicious, though other reviewers. have said that the desserts are either brought in or frozen.

There is much better Italian food waiting for you at South Philadelphia family style restaurants or more modern BYOs.
So I went here during restaurant week. It's supposedly one of the classy places to goto, and once I was inside, I could see why. Very nice, elegant interior. You really feel like you're royalty when you step inside. They had a candle lit at the table so it would feel romantic if you're with that special someone. Their bread was pretty good for an italian place... had great flavored olive oil as well. I had some pasta appetizer, roast beef, and a dessert sampler for dessert. I wasn't too impressed with their appetizer and entree... it was "ok", but it's probably due to the fact that it's restaurant week and it's probably one of their "cheaper" entrees (the place is normally rated $$$$, so I guess they have more expensive entrees that are better). Anyway, the dessert was really good though. Very small and light, but still tasty. Anyway, I give it 4 stars.
Excellent dinner with our daughter for a celebration!
Apps
Calamari was great as well as pasta special.
Dinner
Outstanding presentation and taste for the branzino 
Veal is great too! Medallions and chops
Wonderful service!
Cream puffs were highlighted dessert.
Would highly recommend!
Second to me there recently and will go back
My wife and I had dinner at La Famiglia tonight and it was fantastic. An extremely attentive wait staff and delicious food made for a great evening. 

The bread and crispy cheesy bread sticks made for a good start to the meal. 

For an appetizer, I had the soup special, a creamy artichoke and onion soup. 

My wife had raviolis with shrimp and arugula in a mushroom sauce, I had Penne alla Famiglia. Both were superb. 

Dessert topped off the evening. The dessert cart look so good, we ended up have TWO desserts each(hey we don't indulge often, but when we do, look out). My wife had a creme puff with chocolate sauce and banana/puff pastry/chocolate concoction. I had a cherry topped rum cake and a chocolate chestnut cake. We finished the night with some Lemoncello, a delicious liqueur. 

Safe to say we will be back the next time we visit Philadelphia.
We had a marvelous time Saturday evening at La Famiglia. As recounted in many reviews, the service is warm and attentive and this alone distinguishes the restaurant from most others. The dining room is formal without being fussy or theatrical. We started with perfectly made cocktails while we reviewed the menu and the extensive wine label list.  The waiter offered some additional specials and we chose several of those including two appetizers, a fantastically smooth and delicious artichoke soup (highest recommendation) and calamari on tomatoes and white beans, which were tender and flavorful. We enjoyed our entree choices, the filleted at your table Bronzino with the white mustard sauce and the veal medallions with cheese and tomatoes.  Both prepared with great care and flavor.  To complement our meals we chose an excellent bottle of Puglian red wine (Patriglione 1999), which paired nicely with the fish and meat. You would be very pleased with this wine choice. Luckily, we had room for dessert. The Italian Napoleon was very fine, not too sweet and with lots of crunchy almonds.  My friend also enjoyed the meringue that sat on top of cake with a raspberry filling.  We ended with good coffee and good conversation and the lively chatter of a dining room filled with contented and happy diners.  We felt special on a special night. Highly recommended for those looking for the same. Perhaps we'll see you there on our next visit!
This is the best Italian place in Philly. The service is old-school (many of the waiters look to be 900 years old!), but the food is superb and it has a relaxed kind of formality. 

The wine list is the size of a medieval bible and contains a similar number of revelations.
So yea I heard all this hype about this joint. The self proclaimed "best italian food in Phila".
I go there during restaurant week, and to get to the point, if you haven't got it from looking at the number of stars, this place is fast food caliber itaian cuisine. I was with a party of six and we order everything presented on the fixed menu (restaurant week) and none of the plates from the courses were decent. 

I can think of three BYOB that quickly come to mind that make this place an imposter of italian food. Honestly, even the despicable artwork on the walls is anything but horrible replicas of Italian artwork from Uffizi.   I mean the plates they serve you on have the name of the restaurant on them....how corny is that? Chef Ramsey 's designers desparately need to revamp this place.  

If it wasn't restaurant week, which makes me think the restaurant gives the chef the week off, I'd give this place 1 star for it's location.

Try la viola, modo mio or l'angolo!!!!!
Went with some friends the other night for the first time.  It reminded me of some of the places I've been to in Rome.  Old world, very beautiful.  Excellent service.  The food was good, not great.  Loved my app of shrimp and artichokes, but my veal was over coked.  They do sell wine by the glass.  Some noted that they do not.
Bad. I am an Italian American and actually was offended by this restaurant.  Let me start by telling you about the wine.  I was so excited because they had a wine that I often drink with my cousin at his home in Umbria (the grape is grown near his home).  So they waiter goes in the front and comes back after about 10 minutes with a glass of red wine.  I tasted it and it was too sweet to be a sangantini.  So I asked him to see the botlle (which he should have brought out before) and he showed me a sealed bottle of 2005 sangantini... So I do not believe him.

Then he recommends a "beautiful capeletti," which sounded good.  But when it came out it was ravioli.  Capeletti are cousins with tortellini. When he asked how the meal was, I said that my ravioli was good.  He actually defended and said capaletti... Are you kidding me! For an "upscale" Italian, please!  

Oh, and by the way, I thought maybe Latin background, but since they were playing italuan I figured I would speak a little Italian to him to see.  Answered my questions Totally wrong. Don't try to fake people!  

I have never been so offended by an italian restaurant that is not run by italians (which i guess wouldn't be so bad if the other things were not an issue).

This place is a scam... Stay away!!
Really not impressed. The wait staff is very friendly and the place has this interesting old school vibe at first but comes away feeling almost too fancy for its own good. 

The food was quite expensive and way underwhelming. The burrata was pretty good, but the octopus was just bad and stay away from the "gnocchi." I'd say skip La Famiglia and head to South Philly. Sorry
I'm not Italian, but I did spend a summer in Italy staying with real Italians and traveling throughout the country and tasting the wonderful cuisine it has to offer. Thus, I feel completely comfortable by saying this place was confusingly atrocious and am actually appalled people have rated this higher than a star (which is the lowest Yelp allows you to issue). 

First of all, the decor is nice albeit a tad cheesy with up and downstairs seating. We opted to sit upstairs thinking it would be quieter, but there was actually a rambunctious party up there that might have gotten quite drunk to help themselves eat the food without feigning disgust. Now, the reviews that state this is authentically Italian, maybe it has changed? I didn't see one Italian person there from the hostess to any of our servers.

Let me caveat, and note that the actual service from the hostess, servers, water person man, were all very polite and nice. I had no problem with them as people but perhaps the refinement of fine dining was lost on a place that garners three or four dollar signs on food review sites. There were several people attending to all the tables... making it confusing as one would come over and ask to take our order even though we had just ordered from another. At one point, one of the servers just sort of walked aimlessly from table to table with sizzling entrees and as each one shook their heads... he just moved down the row until he found the right diners. 

We were running the half-marathon in Philly the next day and opted out of alcohol. We started off with some mille di verdure that had promising words like mozzarella layered with mushrooms and drizzled with pesto sauce. We had wanted some pasta and ordered a full primi of tortelleoni (filled with squash & ricotta). And finally we chose the veal chop (sauce unknown to me but hey it was a veal chop at a "top" restaurant. What could go wrong?) 

The layered vegetable thing was the strangest amalgamation of ingredients that together tasted like buttery pesto sauce. I could see the mushroom & mozzarella, but when I bit in it was like pesto sauce and grease was just sliding around in my mouth. I actually hadn't eaten much this day in anticipation , so I set the banquet style appy to the side and anxiously awaited my rumored plumply cheese filled tortelleoni. 

When it arrived, I realized I had actually not gone to La Famiglia Ristorante but was really in a Chinese take out place with 5 dumplings rolling around a butter sauce. Confused again, I took a closer look at the tortelleoni, and I really believe they took dumpling wrappers and then shadily rolled in some crumbly mixture that fell apart and rolled into the sauce to be some sort of Loch Ness Monster goop lumpily lost in the butter. 

Yum. Oh wait, GAG. My date/bf pleasantly offered his veal chop for a bite... but took a few tries b/c he couldn't fine a piece that wasn't really blubberous. As in the lamb might have been dieting solely on Big Macs and ding dongs b/c it was the fattiest piece of veal I have seen ever. 

The only positive I can say about this experience, is that it didn't interfere with our half-marathon in the morning. Not sure how they get away for actually charging people here, but I just know that I'll thoroughly read the bad reviews on Yelp before I try another "upscale" restaurant. I wish it had been Restaurant Week (but it was a Saturday) so I could partially blame the debacle this place is...
Excellent pasta and even better fish. Well presented and fantastic. An oldie but very good. Incredible wine list. Not cheap but worth a visit!
I went to this restaurant with my two friends for my birthday.
The decoration and background music of this place is really classical, and you will definitely enjoy the elegant atmosphere..
La Famiglia is especially expert at wine..a waiter told me they have 2000 different wines..

Because I had Britain style afternoon tea before the dinner today, I only ordered a soup, an appetizer, and a dessert. (The components were huge!) 

Soup: the special soup for the day
It was chicken based,crashed potato creamy soup. The soup is combined flavors,but all the ingredients were crashed. You would have only bread chunks. Even though the waiter introduced the soup is 'chicken based', I didnt find chicken chunk in the soup as I expected. The taste was good; it s creamy, but not oily..

Appetizer: Carpaccio di Manzo con Funghi e Grana 
I shared the Carpaccio with my friend, but it was still a lot. They would split the food in two dishes, if you ask sharing with others.
Cured beef was very fresh, and the taste of Grana Cheese is quite plump.
This dish is highly recommended! 

Dessert: Tiramisu 
The flavor of Tiramisu was really traditional. It was not a cake type as most Italian restaurants serve, and the Tiramisu was served in a dessert cup.
Rum taste was a little bit not strong enough, so I felt it was a little greasy. 

Tips:
The restaurant has coat checking.
A great romantic place for dating! especially for those people who are fantasized by fancy designs
We had a dinner reservation for NYE for the 4 of us.  Id like to start with saying that I really liked the service. The owner is very involved on the dining room floor, and walks around table to table to make sure everyone has what they need.  For appetizer I had some grilled octopus and salad which was really good.  For entree I had lobster out of the shell and it was delicious.  My friends ordered lamb chops which they said were very flavorful and they got devoured.    The coolest part about the restaurant is their wine selection of hundreds of different bottles from all over the world.  The entire downstairs is made up of a wine cellar and as you walk to the bathroom you see all the different varieties on both sides of the hallway. I look forward to checking this place out on a regular evening.  Great experience!
One of the best times we had eaten out. The service was amazing not to mention the selection of wines and dinner specials. I highly recommend going there you will not be disappointed.
How have I overlooked this restaurant while living in the area for 10+ years?  Took advantage of restaurant week to expand my world.  Beautiful restaurant with small bar at entrance.  No wait long at bar as the reservation was honored at the requested time.  Attentive service without being intrusive.  Each of the dishes were executed very well and presented perfectly at the right time.  Veal dish was tender and flavorful.   The wine list is huge as are the wine cellars in the basement.  La Famiglia is now on my top 10 in Philly list.
La Famiglia is the quintessential old school traditional Italian restaurant.  The waiters and bus boys are very professional, friendly, and polite.  The decor just adds to the traditional feel.

The food is great.  I had a penne dish that was in a rose tomato sauce, which was delicious.  My friend had the ravioli, which was tasty, but be warned that the pasta is very thick - more like dumplings than ravioli.  The best thing we tasted was the artichoke soup.

Beware that it is very pricey, the wine list especially.  I believe the cheapest bottle was $45 and there is maybe one of those.  There are a few $55 bottles, but the vast majority are over $100.  They don't list the glass prices.  It is an extensive list, though...you are given a literal tome of wine to choose from.

The wine cellar downstairs is cool (literally).   There's a neat private room down there that you can reserve for a big group.
This is the first time I have write a yelp review and my one piece of advice about this place is to save your money. I tried two different appetizers (grilled calamari and shrimp with fava beans), two pasta dishes (gnocchi and a dish with penne and prosciutto), and the Bronzino. The only thing that was good was the fava beans from the shrimp appetizer and the side of spinach with the fish. The actual fish itself was very good but the sauce did not taste good at all. The pasta dish with prosciutto had so many mushy onions in it was inedible. Not much flavor at all. The consistency of the gnocchi was very mushy. Almost like a dense polenta. It had a layer of cheese baked on top. Absolutely no flavor. The truffle taste was barely distinguishable. We tried our luck with dessert and got an apple tart. It was tiny and frozen. Nothing tasted homemade. Nothing even tasted good. And this place isn't an inexpensive Italian restaurant. I can't remember the last time I actually had a terrible meal but this...all 6 dishes....was terrible.
An old school traditional Italian restaurant that's been around philly forever. Rather pricey for frequent visits but food was perfect. Decadent dessert cart. I'd personally recommend their whole fish which they lovingly and expertly disassemble in front of you to eat.
This restaurant has been around for a long time.  You won't be disappointed.  Authentic Italian food in a very classy atmosphere.
I came back here again in February..everything is not as good as I had in memory..
Especially the tiramisu..It seems like just a regular cake, and I cant taste Rum at all..
Kind of disappointed..
I think you could go for the fabulous restaurant decorations only.
One of the nicest restaurants in town, the staff is very friendly and attentive. The pasta dishes are always fresh and very good, especially the bolognese.  We have had the salt baked branzino and it is one of the best fish dishes I have ever had.
It has been awhile but we finally had the opportunity to return to La Famiglia last evening (Feb. 11, 2017) for a fantastic evening of food, drink and the service of a very friendly and accommodating staff. Giuseppe as always, comes over to the table to catch up on old times and, with enthusiasm, describes the many "specials".  He met everyone at our table (of 7) and made all feel welcome. Not to mention,  my favorite, Gaetano, and the team; Louis, Chris and Emanuel, all incredibly nice.  No one wanted the evening to end. The evening reinforced our opinion that La Famiglia was and still IS the best Italian restaurant in the City - Yes, #1, No comparison !   Thank you for everything and we will surly see you again.  Nick & Chickie Cirilli,  Wallingford, PA
I just returned from a trip to Philadelphia, and La Famiglia was by far the best restaurant I went to. First of all, the service was outstanding. I'm really perplexed at some of the other reviews ? It seems that most of the negative reviews are related to "restaurant week", which probably means these folks never go to nice places normally. Perhaps La Famiglia should discontinue their participation ? Anyway, the wine list is amazing, one of the most comprehensive I've seen. We had a full menu: starters, entree, and desert, and a bottle of wine.  I felt the value for the meal was very good. It's a beautiful dining room, and they certainly don't rush you out. A+ for me. If we go back to Phil, we will definitely visit again.
Went there on Saturday (2/13/16) for a Valentine's Day celebration, and we had a great time.  The food was delicious, and the staff is knowledgeable.  

The only reason why I didn't give this a five star rating is because they seated us on the second level right next to the stairs.  All I could hear all night was the staff running up and down the stairs , and yelling things to one another.

We would definitely go back to La Famiglia, and sit away from the stairs.
We were here a few nights ago with friends for dinner after a hiatus of maybe a decade. I remember that La Famiglia was my all time favorite Italian restaurant in Philly. It still is, but it is not the La Familigla of the past. The service was very, very good and professional. You could have a conversation during dinner (what a concept!) because of the noise abating and absorbing aspects of the dining room. No deafening roar so typical of today's restaurants. My argument was with the ho hum nature of the entrees. The veal chop was competently prepared, but not spectacular. The salad was fresh, but bland. The special pasta was well prepared but had no complexity. 
I remember years ago coming here and having the best Dover sole in my life. Perhaps we've over fished the seas and those days are long gone. But gummy calamari is no substitute. It's a good restaurant and I will be back, but it is not the great La Famiglia that I remember.
Perfection in food and service. Housemade pastas were delicious (had the evening special of fettuccini in a creamy asparagus sauce with seared scallop and also tortellini with squash and butter sauce). Branzino prepared tableside was a treat for the eyes and the taste buds...expertly fileted with choice of sauces (we chose tomatoes and capers in a light lemon olive oil). Food and drink temperatures were spot on - hot entrees and crusty bread, ice cold sparkling water and Sauvignon blanc. We were given complimentary bruschetta and biscotti. Service was attentive, yet leisurely. We wish we had discovered La Famiglia earlier in our Philly residency!
Such an amazing meal. While it was pricey, it was definitely worth it for a special occasion. The wine "bible" is unlike anything I've ever seen. I thought it was a joke. But the servers are very helpful and attentive. We had a grilled octopus appetizer along with a penne pasta dish. Both very flavorful and well presented.  For my entree, I had a salmon with a light mushroom cream sauce and capers, along with spinach.  Hubby decided on the filet. I don't eat red meat but it definitely looked delicious.  We both did the dessert cart. I chose a banana cake which was light and airy drizzled in a chocolate sauce.  Hubby chose a chocolate walnut tort, which was surprisingly not dense. Just right.  Ended with complimentary glasses of limoncello. All in all an especially amazing dinner. Don't come here in a rush. We spent nearly 3 hours enjoying the ambiance and the food.  The wine helped. A good Italian bottle that didn't kill the budget.  Can't wait to try this place again.
My mom and I are in Philly for the week, and we wanted a nice Italian meal since that's our favorite. After reading some reviews, I made the reservation for La Famiglia. I cannot tell you how highly I recommend this restaurant-- food is incredible and flavorful and service is absolutely outstanding. In true European fashion, you are never rushed and your glass is always full. My  paccheri pasta was one of the best pasta dishes I have EVER had (and I'm a seasoned traveler.) My mother's veal was rich and flavorful. Her tomato and mozzarella appetizer had the greatest and freshest pesto I've ever had. Best of all- my potato artichoke soup. Unlike anything I've ever tasted before. Make your reservation and enjoy great tastes of fine dining and wonderful service!!
A perfect lunch.  We were there for
Restaurant Week.  The menu offered a large and varied selection for first and second courses.  .  For desert we received three delightful tastes.  Service was excellent.  A quiet relaxing atmosphere.  This is an under appreciated gem.
What a wonderful dinner!  Service was wonderful, but not intrusive, creativity  and taste of food was great, ambiance perfect.  The in-house made desserts were the best!  I read other reviews of this restaurant, and several posts had less than stellar reviews about pizza.  There is no pizza on the menu.  Disregard any pizza posts!  We highly recommend this restaurant!
Food great, service kind of slow, but me and my friends suspect that the hostess at least may be a little racist. Minorities seem to be seated in the back of the house, whereas white people are seated on the main floor. This is only anecdotal as I've only been there once, but we were there for 2 hours and saw many people come in and out and noticed other Minorities like me get seated in the back. Hope this wasn't the case but it made me question the place.

Recommend. Scallops, and anything off their dessert cart.

Don't recommend. Tuna tartare, the portion was miniscule and the fish looked old and colorless.
Me and my Husband went here for Valintine Date night. As soon as we walked in we were very impressed by the Italian Decor and the Beautiful Hostes. She was warm and welcomeing and seated us right away even though we had no reservation. The waiter was also very friendly and Lite our candles. My Husband Orderd Fish It was coverd in sea salt and placed on a cart and the server did a Table side deboneing of the fish. He then coverd it in a Butter and lemon sauce with cappers and chopped tamatos. My Husband was very pleased. I had There home maid pasta in a vodka sauce and it was the best pasta I have ever had. We fell in love with this place Because its is so beautiful decorated, they treat you like family, the food is all home made,fresh and taste's like nothing I've tryed before. They even have a service button on the table and of corse me being a kid I had to test it out. so every time I would press it they would come running to the table. I did not need to press it because they know how to treat a costomer. We found out that they are open for lunch and there prices are half off if you come in befor 2:00 pm. They have a full bar and if you ask they will give you a tour of there wine sellar, it looks like somthing from the movie Good Fella's They have so many bottles of wine. The desert cart is mouth watering. Please treat your self to a 5 star dinning experiance You will not, Can not be dissapointed.THIS PLACE IS AMAZEING. The best Italian food in all of Philly and there prices are reasonable.
Went with a group of 8. The Tortellini on Broth soup with spinach was delish.  5 at the table got the Bronzini fish filleted tableside. Presentation was lovely and they all liked it. I got the stuffed pasted with lobster with baby shrimp in brandy cream sauce. Was tasty, but baby shrimp is never very good- only a salty addition- and sauce was too heavy on the brandy part, didn't cook off long enough and it overpowered the dish. 

The service was terrific. Wine menu is as big as an old set of Encyclopedia Brittania. Unbelievably wonderfuly, but best is the wine cellar! Worth a look. 

I would eat there again. Convenient location off Market Street.
I had lunch here yesterday. Glad I didn't read Mel's Yelp review before I went! A friend suggested we try La Famiglia after looking at their lunch menu, which turned out to be pretty damn reasonable for downtown. The other diners were..the sort that probably go to bed at dusk, but to me that says they have been coming here often and like it. The bread was warm and plentiful, the service was attentive, and the pasta bolognese and the minestrone were very good. Hey, it's not NY's Little Italy, but I personally think if you like Spasso or any of the other eateries on Market Street, you should try La Famiglia first for lunch. Even better, go with a bf or gf for a late lunch with wine- fresh flowers, low lights, badda bing, badda boom.  A cheaper Valentine's Day than a dozen overpriced roses!
I was told this was the best restaurant in Philly prior to going so my expectations were pretty high. Its a cute little restaurant on Front St but the best in Philly? Not by a long shot. 

We started off with tomato and mozzarella. Then moved on to the entrees. I got the pacherri alla scarpariello pasta. It was very tasty, good sauce. Its a shame the dish doesn't come with two large meatballs on top, that would have made it epic. Oh well... My boyfriend wasn't so lucky. He ordered the veal chop, which was overcooked. He took one bite and didn't touch it again. He should have sent it back. I felt really bad for him. For dessert we ordered cream puffs drizzled with chocolate sauce. Again, tasty but nothing amazing.

Overall, I had a good time at this restaurant but its not up there with my favorites in Philly. To me it was just average but I'm glad I tried it out.
Unbelievably SUCKY. So slow, service horrible.  Not sure how this place survives. Wait staff from a different planet.
Came here on a friend's raving recommendations with very high expectations. For all the hype, I was a little disappointed. 

The restaurant was pretentious and stuffy. The food, too salty. The redeeming qualities were the mushroom and pasta dish, which was perfect, and the dessert cart. The wine list was HUGE, but unfortunately my boyfriend and I both got sick from the wine, which tasted fine at the time. We spent the evening at home nursing our nausea--definitely not what we bargained for. 

For the price, I'll take Ristorante Panorama or an Italian BYOB, please.
Food was good. Service was less than stellar. Overpriced. Asked for separate checks for 6 people at a business dinner. Had to explain why several times. Server was not happy about it. Not worth it.
How have I overlooked this restaurant while living in the area for 10+ years?  Took advantage of restaurant week to expand my world.  Beautiful restaurant with small bar at entrance.  No wait long at bar as the reservation was honored at the requested time.  Attentive service without being intrusive.  Each of the dishes were executed very well and presented perfectly at the right time.  Veal dish was tender and flavorful.   The wine list is huge as are the wine cellars in the basement.  La Famiglia is now on my top 10 in Philly list.

7/2017. Quick pit stop in PHL and an excellent meal at La Famiglia.  Love this place and bonus was their throwback to 1976 menu with corresponding prices.  Bottle of wine and dinner for two @ $120 is hard to beat.
First time at this restaurant and since I have been to most of the better Italian restaurants in this area I can say this is one of the best. Staff couldn't have been nicer, there was a mixup with the check and they comped dessert because of the confusion. It wasn't that big a deal, just a little mixup, but they were super nice. The special soup and the pasta app. were both excellent. Free range veal chop was very tender and tasty, although I would ask for it next time withouht any sauce. Not often I order a veal chop and when I do I really like it free of sauces.
Pasta special was very good and the dessert cart is one of the 3 best in this area. Wines by the glass were good and not overpriced. I did not have one of the regualar pasta dishes so I could compare it with Le Virtu, which I think is the best pasta in this city, but next time I will do so. Almost all the men had jacket and tie, and the women were all dressed. Kinda nice to go out to a nice restaurant and see people not in jeans and a shirt hanging out of their pants.
Tourist trap! Worst restaurant ever! Food was over cooked, without flavor, Zero color or presentation, wine list extremely large, confusing and no sommelier to help, environment was dirty and totally disgusting, it seems the silverware  is from 1940 so the linen. Just don't go there.
Wine list is amazing! You pay a pretty penny for the wine go your choice, but it is mostly wine you cannot get elsewhere. If you are looking for a restaurant to drink wine at, then come here. 

The food is amazing as well. The mozzarella and fresh tomatoes with pesto is mouth watering. The gnocchi melts in your mouth and the sauce is to die for. The steak is well balanced by the wild berry sauce. The scallops are some of the best my wife has ever had. Lucky for me she shared and I agreed wholeheartedly. I wanted to get some more, but instead we got dessert. The chocolate mousse is exactly what chocolate mouse is supposed to be! But to top it off, they covered it in a dark chocolate shell! 

I could eat here everyday, but then I'd be poor! Well worth the investment for amazing food and a great experience.
This place was amazing and had some really awesome food, The wait staff where professional and very nice while also being very helpful. The only place ive been that has a marsala sauce i enjoy, and the flan the vanilla flan was a great way to finish my meal. The decor and vibe of the place made me feel like i was in a mob movie so that was a plus for me. Id recommend it anytime you are in South Philadelphia whether you are visting like me or just live there.
I had a wonderful Mother's Day meal here!

The ambiance, staff and wine selection were fabulous!  They would have gotten five stars from me, but for the tasty food we ordered, the portions were small.  Also, I was disappointed in their desserts.  Lacking flavor.  They didn't taste fresh.  Overall there just wasn't much to enjoy or remember about them.

My husband had a filet mignon - it was great.
I enjoyed a white fish that was their special that night - excellent.
Our four kids shared a penne pasta and gnocchi.  I was really disappointed in the gnocchi.  They tasted  and look like a dumpling that was missing half it's filling.  The penne was boring and dry.  Again our main entrees were great and the staff was friendly, so I will definitely consider going back.
Wow
What a meal. We came here as a large group. 30 plus. Top notch service 
Top top food
There wasn't a dish that anyone did not enjoy 

Wow
Very old fashioned Italian.  It had nice service and good wine list.  Food was ok , not great but dessert was wonderful-poached pears in some type of sharp sweet wine sauce w Italian cream sauce like a sabayon style.
The food last night was really wonderful. Had tuna which was served rare the way I like it.  Had not been to this restaurant for some time but food couldn't have been better. My escort had the whole bronzini which was filleted tableside. Beautiful performance and delicious fish. The waitors were friendly but respectful. Had a lovely Pinor Noir. Couldn't have asked for a better meal and will be back.
I will forever LOVE this restaurant.  My husband and I got married here and it was awesome.  My guests still say it was by far the best food they have ever had at a wedding.  We went here on our first anniversary and it was just as amazing.  The food melts in your mouth, it tastes fresh, and the staff are just so attentive and professional.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.  Did I mention how beautiful La Famiglia is, from the bar, the wine cellar, the upstairs banquet, and the intimacy of the dining area?  Great place.  
I noticed someone said something about how people dress and how La Famiglia doesn't enforce a dress code.  I love that about La Famiglia.  Whether you are wearing jeans or a tie, they treat everyone with the utmost respect.
Decided to have a nice dinner out and chose LaFamiglia on a recommendation from a friend.  Food met and exceeded expectations and although I usually cannot finish a plate of pasta I found myself unable to stop until it was gone.  There were 4 of us and our choices consisted of a veal chop that was cooked perfectly, Penne alla Famiglia, pasta with shrimp, crab, mussels and clams and finally the special of the day which consisted of a calamari shaped past with shrimp and calamari.  The service was very attentive and very pleasant.  Although the dessert menu looked wonderful we were all full from our meals and decided to skip.  If you are looking for an authentic italian dinner try this place and make sure you check out their wine cellar while you are there.
I absolutely love this restaurant.  All the food I've ordered has been homemade with large portions.  The service is outstanding, and the wine list is huge with a variety of relatively inexpensive and expensive choices.   This is probably my favorite restaurant in the city.
I was excited to try this place ! It's a block from my house and I've been working like a dog . I ordered the ravioli ( 6 pieces for $25) The food was mediocre and they didn't even include a salad for that price ? Very disappointing . The waiter was awesome but the food --not so much ..
Had a wonderful 3 course meal for restaurant week. First course was grilled oysters, then I had the salmon.  Both were amazing! The dessert were 3 bite sized treats. Wonderful restaurant week menu!  Highly recommend for any occasion. Wonderful food, vast selection of wine, and great staff!
The staff was super cute and attentive. 5 star for them.
I tried the roll back menu and as i browsed the reviews, I knew I shouldn't have expected much, but boy oh boy should I have stayed away and saved my money for a super expensive, but quality ingredient Italian dinner treat. Like at Le virtu, Osteria, or Wm. Mulhern & sons. Especially on the hot heels of Vetri's pasta pop-up this fell oh-so-flat. So flat. 
The food was not great at all. Perhaps the dessert was good. The couple next to me seemed to enjoy theirs. It's true, it serves a much older fuddy duddy crowd it seems, so maybe they are used to basic and simple American Italian. The decor and service is nice and old school so I can see how it pleases those diners. Not me. I'm about the food,  and it was bad. 
My gnocchi sauce was fine and tomatoey and cheesey but not served hot so it was already congealed. And the gnocchi was mealy or gritty and deflated as it smooshed against my tongue, not in a good way.  This was by far my least favorite gnocchi in the entire city. 
Next is my usually absolute favorite pasta dish.  the carbonara "for two" isn't really for two. It's a one person dish. If that is all you eat. And you're hungry. Really, a normal size entree.  I've had way better carbonara touring my way through the Dominican Republic. 
This "cream sauce" was awful as others have warned. It was Super liquid, Gritty, Saltless or something. The bacon didn't fit. I missed a fresh pop of a pea as others in the city like to serve it. 
The sauce obviously wasn't freshly tossed with love  or made to order. It gave me the feeling of a big vat of sauce poured over spaghetti pasta done ahead of time and just weird sand-like texture. Just. Not. Good.  So sad. I'm very sad I wasted calories. And my pasta quota eating here. 
And by the way I was sat in back and heard this weird squealing and loud thumping through my entire meal coming from the kitchen. Not a good vibe at all
A really good business meal at La Famiglia Ristorante recently. Service was great. Our table placement in wine cellar  was excellent. The gnocchi serving was my favorite but everything was very good. Authentic Italian dining experience.
We enjoyed an excellent dinner and service. Traditional Italian menu, with an extensive wine list. My party ordered the rigatoni a la Famiglia, salmon, and the Frutta Di Mare - all excellent. Do check out the wine cellar in the basement - very impressive.
Alright. If you want Italian and you want an amazing wine selection. This is what they have going for them. I would say that it's not the most cost effective place to have a nice glass of wine and dinner. Luckily I went during restaurant week and the fixed menu was pretty solid. 

I had a pinot grigio that the waiter recommended. It was a really excellent suggestion and was very much what I was looking for. I had a dirty martini before that and it was pretty subpar. There were no olives, and it didn't really taste brine-y at all.

The food was good. I wasn't blown away but I would say it was tasty. It did feel a little uninspired, but I guess I may have had a different expectation. The calamari might have been the best thing I ate. The desserts were dry. 

I'm trying not to judge restaurants too hard during this time, but I have to say I probably won't put this in my rotation.
