3.5 Not overly impressed with our meal here, and that's a bummer because we were treating our whole family. The place was super cute, cozy, and made to feel like a small town in Italy, but I felt I let everyone down with the meal itself. Ugh! I was really hoping this was a home run because of all the rave reviews, and that the fam would love it. Bummer. 

I personally thought the homemade pasta itself, including huge gnocchi and perfectly cooked linguini was fantastic.

 I also really loved the artichokes, which are a must!! Yum!! I found myself wanting another portion of them just for myself and I kept dipping my fresh baked delicious bread into it too. Dairy free patrons, ask for them sans parm 

 The others in my crew who ordered spaghetti and meatballs, lasagna, which oddly came in a blush sauce, calamari, chicken saltimbocca, and the seafood special of the night were left underwhelmed. 

The arancini and large portion caeser salad were favorites with our gang however. 


Pluses for:
- easy to book reservations for a large party last minute
-the fact that they're BYO
- the fact that parking this section of the city is super easy. 

Service was here and there, but I did appreciate them plating, splitting, even dressing the one order of gnocchi for the kiddos to split with both marinara AND alfredo. 

Not rushing back, but I myself would maybe give it another go and try the faves we loved or venture for something totally different if we were in the area again. Maybe.

It seems as though they should've stuck with their original claim to fame, the meatballs. I was so intrigued by the veggie variety!

While the bread, artichokes and pasta were rated higher in my opinion, overall I have to go with 3.5 because the fam all agreed they weren't "wowed" with the larger plates.
Yelp Community, all y'all are awesome!  Fellow Yelper Dee M and I checked this place out after catching a movie at nearby South Street Cinema.  It's one of several restaurants on the south side of South Street, facing the Abbot Square apartment complex.  

The restaurant looks like you're sitting in a Tuscan villa, all warm tones, rustic touches.  We were greeted warmly and sat at a comfortable two top. Note: For those reviews that mention meatballs, they have had a complete menu change in the last 18 months they told us, focusing now on homemade pasta and gravies.  Mmmmmmmmm.

I see there's gnocchi on the menu. I am somewhat skeptical. Being from an Italian family, I have many happy memories of my Nanny's homemade gnocchi, and have never found anyone who gets close.  The staff assured me that theirs are home made, and they originate from a town in the same region as my family.  The chef comes out and we converse, he is jovial and engaging.  They bring me a small sample of the gnocchi.  It is definitely homemade, fresh and definitely delicious.  It's not my Nanny's gnocchi but that's OK because it's quality pasta. 

Dee orders the gnocchi and I opt for the lasagna bolognese.  Our chef assures me that he knows bolognese. Sweet Mother in Heaven he does, the bolognese is savory and rich and the lasagna noodles are thin and light and also home made.  Honestly some of the best lasagna I've had in ages, and so great that they understand the noodles shouldn't be thick slabs, but thin layers that support rather than overwhelm the fillings.

Service was very attentive, they are family run, we learned the family owns a few restaurants in the city and has been in business for many years.  It shows, they know what they are doing.  I can't wait to find another reason to head down to South Street and enjoy a meal there.
Me 'N" Mo provided me and a friend with a very pleasant lunch experience last week. The menu is simple. It's a whole lotta meatballs served a whole lotta ways. Get them with pasta, on bread, or in a Sarcone's roll. Choose your type (beef, pork, veggie, and a couple other options), your sauce (again, several choices) and the way you want them served. 

I opted to keep things traditional and went with the beef meatballs with marinara sauce on a roll with provolone cheese. Extra sauce on the side 'cause I like to get saucy. My sandwich was absolutely delicious and was served with a nice arugula salad alongside. Looking forward to my next visit!
I've driven/walked past Me 'N' Mo too many times to put off trying it. What a cool place. I went with my roommate Friday night and it wasn't too busy at all. You walk in and there's a little area where you can get cereal (if it's early or meatballs aren't your thing). 

There's a great amount of room here. 15 or so tables, not too cramped plus there's a bar. Very simple menu: meatballs, sides, one sandwich, or desserts. You can pick your type of meat with the meatball plus whatever sauce you want on it. There are too many options to not be pleased here. Plus they have specials!

I went with one of the specials, the buffalo chicken meatballs and a side of gnocchi with pesto sauce. The meatballs were actually really good. I recommend them. Four meatballs is $8, plus the gnocchi was $5. Cash only as others have said, so come prepared (there's also an ATM inside if you don't). The meatballs come pretty quickly with bread too. 

My roommate with one of the specials: chicken parmesan. Me 'N' Mo hooks up the fresh pasta. Can't beat that. Light and filling.

It was a good amount of food, but I was intrigued by all of the mystery surrounding the chocolate soufflé  Is it a soufflé? Is it a chocolate lava cake? As someone with a lot of dessert experience, I can dispel any confusion: it is a chocolate lava cake. Even some of the staff refer to it as such, even though it is labeled a soufflé on the menu.

The chocolate lava cake was pretty good. It was a hair overcooked. Comes with a scoop of strawberry ice cream and the plate is glazed with a zig zag of mango purée (side not: this is the most accented vowels I've used in a review). 

I'd absolutely return to Me 'N' Mo. I was happy with our choice to go there, and I recommend it to anyone looking to try a new place. Plus, who doesn't like meatballs? (Sorry, vegans)
I never had one of those Italian grandmothers that you see in the media. You know, the short, plump ladies who you never see without an apron, hand permanently glued to a saucy wooden spoon that practically lives in the kitchen.

"Eat, eat! You're wasting away!!"

My grandmothers' specialties were deviled eggs and baked beans, or sneaking me Godiva chocolates from the fridge. Needless to say, I loved them.... But I kinda liked the idea this Italian grandma. Someone whose only goal was to fill the bellies and hearts of everyone around her and keep the house warm and smelling of gravy and sausage. It's no surprise, then, that I immediately felt at home walking into the doors of Me N Mo, South Street's new meatball home, specializing in balls of meat and pasta to eat!

I was lucky enough to attend a pretty fantastic grand opening party and the staff pulled out all the stops. And, by all the stops, I mean just about any meatball you could imagine! Stuffing fontina into meatballs? Brilliant. Making ANY chicken based dish Buffalo-style? My kinda joint. They also have some more traditional options, including spicy pork and beef. But, oddly enough, my favorite was a combination I never even considered. Pork and Shrimp?! No, these bad boys aren't Kosher at all. But they ARE delicious, moist, and jam-packed with savory flavor.

The cost for four meatballs of any type, sauce and some Sarcone's bread is $8 which is honestly a little steep for beef meatballs alone, IMHO. However, I think that for some of the more interesting options (Pork and shrimp, lamb!!) it would be worth a trip. You can also get a buttload of balls from their catering menu, as a few of my friends did for Super Bowl Sunday this year. Nice little variety from the standard pizza and wings offerings, and who doesn't wanna show up to a party armed with buckets of balls?

...maybe don't answer that.
Ok, so my husband does not like Italian, but preggo right here wanted pasta and we ended up at La Nonna. We are glad that we did. He liked it so much that we are going back. This is the first time that I see him enjoy pasta so much. I really enjoyed too. Looking forward for our next Italian night!
This was hands down the most amazing Italian food I've had. I've been to Italy, and yet it didn't compare! This is a family-owned business that my friends and I found on Yelp while seeking to carbo-load before our Tough Mudder. We walked into a warm and cozy place with extremely friendly service and AMAZING food.

We all got meatballs (one of us got the veggie meatballs) with different sauces and spaghetti. To die for. I had the pork meatballs (spicy and delicious) and the sauce a la vodka.

It was so amazing that we ended up driving 90 mins to come back the very next day, after our Tough Mudder. One of the owners, Giancarlo (we also met his father and his daughter who work there--truly lovely family), greeted us warmly and was so pleased we had returned. We had bruschetta (for the second time, so perfect), and everyone had the sauce a la vodka with their spaghetti and meatballs! We found a favorite. I wish they bottled it so we could bring it home with us!

Giancarlo knew we had just finished a long run, and he surprised us with a giant salad (perfectly dressed), brought my boyfriend a beer, and just made us feel so welcome and warm. We are even Facebook friends now, and he made us feel truly at home.

By the way, it's cash only but they have an ATM inside and they take the $2 ATM fee off your bill! Also it's incredibly affordable. We were impressed. Truly one of the best experiences I've ever had at a restaurant. I won't return to Philly without going here at LEAST once! Cannot recommend highly enough.
Hands down the best lasagna I have been had in my life! I had to ask them  to take it away so I could stop eating it! This family owned business is amazing! Though this restaurant is small do not let the size fool you! The food is amazing here as well as the service! The young ladies who own and run the business are so kind and personable. I would recommend coming here for a family get together, craving for authentic Italian food or just because. Just an FYI this restaurant is BYOB and cash only! So make sure to bring both haha!
I came here so long ago and thought I left a review on this restaurant. The owner I believe his name is Carlo is a very genuine and warm individual. I believe his sister or niece works there as well. I've been here a few times and haven't been disappointed yet. The food is made to order and homemade for sure. The decor is nicely put and the small bar area is a good touch. 

This place is cash only so keep that in mind when coming here. The dessert is a great addition and they make it there as well. It's always nice when a place makes their food in the actual restaurant itself. The prices are reasonable for the portions. Carlo seems to care about his business and works hard to keep the place running smoothly. Look forward to going there in the near future.
This was my first time at La Nonna's and it won't be my last! My friends and I made a reservation for 4 on a Sunday during Restaurant Week. The place itself is on the smaller side, but luckily it was not too busy. I can see how it can get cramped if the place was fully booked/busy. 

The staff was super sweet and more than happy to explain the dishes (and pronunciation lol).

During this time, the only menu that was provided was the restaurant week menu. The restaurant menu was a four course meal, but we were easily full by the start of our third course. It was definitely worth the price. Some of us got different dishes and each one was amazing! I ordered the arancini (normally $10), the homemade gnocchi in blush sauce (normally $18), pork ossobuco, and tiramisu. I would definitely recommend the arancini and the tiramisu. The arancini reminded me of a mini chicken parm (without the chicken). It was crispy on the outside but soft inside with a cheesy, goey center! The tiramisu was sweet and light, the perfect end to a hearty meal. 

Super excited to return to try out their regular menu items!

** This place is CASH ONLY but they do provide an ATM inside!
** This place is also BYOB!
Food was absolutely incredible!! Great waitstaff ;) 

Delicious vegetarian options-loved the gnocchi with mushroom sauce and veggie meatballs with pesto sauce! Very filling!
My daughter loves the gnocchi here. We all love the homemade pastas. Order any of them! You will not be disappointed.
Stopped in for Dinner as I was heading out of Philadelphia to catch a flight and decided on a little Italian. This place was mind blowing, the food and atmosphere was great. I can't wait to go back soon, next time I will stay longer and open some Vino!
Perfect spot for date night. My fiance and I went here last night and the food and service were both phenomenal. We love that this restaurant is family run. Gianna was our waitress and she did an excellent job. Her sister Alassandra and her uncle Alassandro were excellent also. We left feeling good knowing the whole family. 
As far as food goes, we ordered the burrata cheese special and arranchine for appetizers. Both were out of this world. My fiance ordered the chicken parm for his entree. It was SO tender. I ordered the gnocchi in blush sauce with smoked mozzarella. The gnocchi literally melted in my mouth. Our waitress Gianna gave us complimentary house made tiramisu for dessert and it was DELICIOUS! Very authentic Italian cuisine... made us feel like we were in Italy for a night on South Street. 
We will definitely be back!
Good food. Authentic italian. Not one of the chains. 
We had the censers salad , the calamari as a appetizer, nice, very nice. A byob. Even better. 
And a daily special a eggplant with cheese. Amazing. Will recommend it any day. 
The wife had a chicken parmesan. Loved it.
From the outside, this place wouldn't look any different from most restaurants  in the neighborhood, but the inside is beautiful. The aesthetics brings you to a homey, but beautiful restaurant. The area is pretty small so it can feel a bit crowded, but the food is worth it.

I started off with the soup of the day. The chicken "noodle" soup has a delicate broth that is pleasing to the palate and refreshing. The "noodles" consist of crepes delicately wrapped around fresh mozzarella. This helps compliment delicate and mild taste of the broth while adding its own tune.
Defiantly a great starter to the entree.

The veal chop was just as spectacular. It was lightly seasoned, allowing for the veal to speak for itself. A great sear and medium rare, brought the most out of the veal. This was nicely paired with broccoli, cauliflower, and seasoned potatoes. Nothing on the plate had too strong of a seasoning, allowing each component to speak for itself and not take anything away from the veal.

All in all, I would defiantly come to this place again. The food is a little pricey, but well worth it's price. It is delicious and I would defiantly come again. The customer service was spectacular. The waiters and waitresses were attentive despite how busy they were. This is a must visit place.
There aren't enough words to explain what a gem this place was! I felt like I was eating out of a kitchen in Venice- it tasted so authentic and delicious. The place itself is decorated so beautifully making the ambiance feel homie. The service was superb! I believe it's family owned and one of the daughters was our waitress who was an absolutely doll. I also told her she reminds me of Fiona from shameless- Walk in to la Nonna and get a little taste of Italy you won't regret it- I didn't!
We stopped in here on Valentines Day and were informed that there was a Valentines Day special where we could receive 8 meatballs, 2 sides, a dessert, and a bottle of wine for $60. Upon closer review, we realized this 'special' only costed $54 normally on the menu, and we were being scammed in the deal.  Even worse, once we paid the bill and were leaving the tip on the table, the man who I presume to be the owner, comes over and informs us that we had not included a tip in the bill. My girlfriend and I were left speechless at this as we were finishing our wine and about to leave the tip on the table.  The food was average at best. I will definitely not be returning here, would not recommend it, and feel that people who perform business this way should not be in the food service business, or any business for that matter.
Visited this place on our recent trip from NYC and loved it. It's BYOB which is great because you can bring your favorite wine or choose from their selection. The food was fantastic. For appetizers we had the mussels in white sauce and the burrata. The white sauce was amazing and the mussels were cooked perfectly. The burrata was phenomenal, you must get this. For entrees we had the blush gnocchi and the cannelloni. Both were excellent. Cannot recommend this place enough.
Excellent family owned Italian restaurant I found on Yelp while visiting Philadelphia. The Arancini was excellent with a cheesy middle. My carbonara was just the right consistency and tasty.  My husbands spaghetti and beef meatballs were one of the best he has eaten. 
Wish we had a place like this in California. 
Even got some panne cotta to go.
Everything was great! The meatballs, pasta, and sauces are all homemade. I recommend the lamb meatball. Four meatballs with the homemade spaghetti is a great portion for one.
Great restaurant!! We had the artichoke appetizer. They used Roman artichokes, so no prickly parts, you can eat the whole thing. The sauce was very good, lemony with Parmesan cheese, and not heavy at all. We had the rigatoni with vegetables. The sauce was a marinara with cream, not heavy, pretty perfect. We will be back for more!
The most authentic tasting sauce and italian food i have had in philadelphia.  It was delicious. Tasted home made
Had the MEATBALL PARTY which was awesome
Also the Gnocchi was fabulous
This place recently opened and it's already catching everybody's attention. The food was delicious. So many types of meatballs to choose from. The ambiance was great. Whoever decorated did a fantastic job. Can't wait to go back.
Honestly, I just think Me N Mo is really cute. Cute name, cute restaurant, perfect for date night. 

The food is pretty good - probably some of my favorite Italian food. I got traditional meatballs and loved 'em. I do think the prices are a little steep ($8 for just meatballs - pasta is extra) but it was worth it. We also had the chocolate souffle/lava cake for dessert and it was sooo tasty. 

I love that it's family-owned. The staff was all really friendly and attentive which is a nice change from most of the other places on South Street. I would definitely come back to try a different kind of meatball! 

FYI- the place is cash only, but they do have an ATM inside.
I'm kinda torn on Nonna's.  Its byob and doesnt take credit cards.   We didn't know that until already there.  If your traveling and just want a good italian dinner and a glass of vino you gotta plan ahead.   The spaghetti n meatballs were the best.   The caesar salad amazing.   The saltimbocca and ragu had a funny spice like rosemary or something that made it over powering.   The budget piece of the price made it 4 stars otherwise is say 3.  They had an ATM on site but no credit cards.  Food and service 4 star everything else 3.  they're a nice family run restaurant just need a lil fine tuning.
Your favorite Italian "relatives" wait to welcome you at this intimate and authentic Roman influenced dining experience.  Yes, you will feel like family and want to make this a regular stop on your dining circuit. I suggest you will get the best impressions of both the cuisine and family like atmosphere if you can visit at non-peak times when the chef owners (Carlo and brother Sandro) and one of Carlo's beautiful daughters (Gianna was our server yesterday) might have extra time for conversation or inviting you for a little aperitif with them.  
My husband and I have visited La Nonna a few times now......ordering whatever is a "special" of the day is always a win, but feel free to couple those with some of their classic best offers (for me the "Jewish Artichokes" starter is a must order)
    Last night my husband and I did start with both the artichokes (lemony with a touch of cheese in the sauce and totally edible and delicious) and a special starter of broccoli rabe and sausage (the sausage had  a kick and the garlic pronounced which I really like). 
For mains, I had a special...Pappardelle with OXTAIL sauce. I was a bit hesitant to order it having gone in with a more typical red sauce in mind but I was happy when the platter arrived with a red sauce variation and many pieces of tender oxtail throughout. Hubby went with blackened tuna in balsamic with accompanying vegetables.....the tuna was perfectly prepared rare as my husband requested.  We shared a lovely limoncello angel food cake afterwards.  It was a quiet evening so "our Italian relatives" invited us to linger and enjoy a special Sambuca with them afterwards.....who needs to rush home when you can sit and sip and visit.  
  On a practical note, remember that La Nonna is cash only and BYOB.  Do make a New Year's resolution to get there .....and return. Speaking of holidays.....La NONNA will offer a CHRISTMAS EVE SEVEN FISHES DINNER and they will have three seatings on New Year's Eve.  Stupendo!
Since moving to Philly 2.5 years ago from NYC, the hunt has been on to supplement the lost tastes of The Meatball Shop. The hunt continues but glad to have found Me 'N' Mo.

This new and cozy South Street joint keeps the menu and ingredients simple, yet delivers on good quality meatballs and sides.  The spicy pork and vegetarian balls were ample in size and came out of the kitchen piping hot.  The mashed potatoes did not disappoint.  The prices are right too.

It is one of those places you want to return week after week for a good meal.
This place is quiet the little gem.  Every time we've gone with friends and family we had a wonderful experience.  We've dined in once and done several take out.  The staff is very friendly.  It is family owned and they treat you like family when you are there.  The ambiance is like a little cafe in Italy.  It is rustic and adorable.
The food is great italian food.  You can tell they hand make the pasta each day.  Their meatballs have been the favorite of everyone that has eaten there.  As a vegetarian i even like the veggie-balls.  Our non- vegetarians loved their dishes as well.  This place is a crowd pleaser for anyone that love good italian food.  It is a BYOB and cash only place.
Four of us had dinner at this pleasant Italian restaurant last week. Pretty sure I have been to a previous incarnation in this same space. It is BYO. 

 Artichoke appetizer: the first bite transports you across the globe onto the ancient streets of Rome. Seeing this dish on the menu was actually the tie breaker that brought us to this restaurant over competing establishments. It did not disappoint.

Arancini: crispy shell and cheesy interior, what is not to like? 

Lamb shank: this is an enormous shank served atop a sprawling platter of risotto. While tasty, it was (just a bit) under-seasoned.
Just had the most amazing dinner! I never write reviews but needed to share my joy with the world! My best friend and I absolutely loved everything we ordered and agreed this was the best Italian food we've ever had. Meatballs and lasagna were out of this world. Staff was incredibly friendly and kind. Amazing food, amazing service--I can't recommend highly enough!!
I didn't expect much as we stopped in front if this restaurant.  We hadn't planned to come here, but the place we wanted to go to was closed because of a funeral.  Looked at the menu outside and although it all sounded great, the taste of it would tell the real story.  What a great story.  
Had to try the Traditional Meatballs, because if the basics aren't done right I know where the night is headed.  They were GREAT.  Everyone thought they were perfect.  
A friend ordered the Lemon Chicken, and she LOVED it.  The portion was generous and she took a little home with her.  
I had the Gnocci and Sausage.  It did not disappoint. The order did come out about 10 minutes after everyone else's, but the owner came to out table and told me that due to our arriving late in the evening, the kitchen was closing in 15 mins, that they ran out of Gnocci and he ran to the store for ingredients to make some on the spot.  I would have ordered something else if he would have said something, but i think the wait was worth it.
You feel you are walking into a local Italian restaurant in Italy.  We were met by the chef and owner who explained the menu and welcomed us like family. It's BYOB and while we didn't drink any wine, everyone around us had bottles of wine and beer galore.  They were more than happy to uncork and keep the wine chilled.  
We started with the calamari which came out relatively quickly and was clearly straight from the oven. We had the tilapia special, the lemon chicken and the salmon pasta.  All were absolutely delicious. The portions were HUGE.  Most people seem to take their time enjoying their appetizers, entrees and deserts.  We must eat quickly because we had to ask them to clear our table and then waited for the check.  It's a great little spot in Olde City that most people walk right by.  Will definitely go back.  The prices were so reasonable, but beware it's CASH ONLY!
Excellent Italian food at reasonable prices. It's BYOB for now but they are in the process of obtaining a liquor license. Don't miss the lasagna--it's fantastic.
Disappointed !  As you can see from all the other reviews, I'm in the minority but . . .  The restaurant itself, the staff etc was fine.  The food, however was, I'm sorry, bland.  The Arancini rice balls were good, as was the Arugula Salad but nothing to write home about.  To my taste the 3 entrees (Cannelloni, Spaghetti Carbonara and the Special Pasta with Scallop & Shrimp ) lacked, well, seasoning.  They looked good but.

So for the above before tip, the bill came to around $84.  Sorry, I won't be rushing back.
Oh my goodness. I was hesitant to come here because to be honest I just didn't feel like dealing with south street - let's just say I'm glad I got over that!

We went on a Friday and for the first people to arrive around 6 ish. I got a little worried that no one else was there, but that quickly changed as other people started rolling in.

Anyways, on to the food. The breadddddd. Wow. They warm it up, we had two servings. V good. The Caesar was decent, the calamari I would steer away from to be honest. It's below average. BUT the pasta, the PASTA is what you remember about this place. My gnocchi was huge but light tasting and the sauce was amazing. My fiancé said his lasagna was the best he ever had. The pasta all genuinely tastes homemade. All we've talked about this week is how soon is too soon to go back (yes we're pathetic) anyways, if you're a big Italian byob fan like myself, try this - you won't regret it!
Such a cool, intimate spot. Authentic food. 

I've tried the Caesar salad as a starter, which was extremely fresh and delicious. 

The gnocchi with blush sauce is amazing! I'm always in search for a good gnocchi. La Nonna definitely fits the bill. 

FYI: BYOB and Cash Only
I give the food a 5 star!  The concept is very unique. I think their only chance of making it is to turn into a fast casual establishment. It would be great to go up to the counter and choose either bowl or sandwich then choose ball and sauce and lastly choose from a selection of sides. The bowl should come with the same size roll as the sandwich. People should pay the same price for the meal and then there can be add ons. I fear keeping it like this will lead to a closing soon. No need for wait staff, ours was poorly informed and not enthusiastic.
Back at it again!  Great service great food!  A wonderful  spot for a graduation party!!  Had a little bit of everything and everything was good!  I will be back again! 



daughters and I were looking for a new place to eat. She's been going to school here for 5 years so each time I visit we try to eat somewhere new.  This by far is the best italian food I have had in a long time.  I felt like I was eating a home cooked meal in someone's home.  The girl that served us told us her mom decorated the place.  When my daughter asked for a Coke and they ran out she asked one of the men that was working to grab one down the street. Way to go above and beyond.  If you find yourself on South Street try this place.  It's wonderful.  I am hungry now.
YUM YUM YUM!  This place is awesome!  Do not let the BYOB or cash only deter you!!!  It is worth it!
We went for restaurant week and let me tell you - with BYOB, super friendly staff and a $35 WOW menu... i will go again and again even when it isn't restaurant week!
I had the arincini (YUMM) and the lobster ravioli (YUMMM) and the BRANZINO (who has branzino on a restaurant week menu?!?!) and the lemonciello cake.  It was all delicious, hot, prompt and fabulous.  What more do you want from a place??  Easy parking on the street and friendly staff - I will absolutely be back then next time I am in the city!!
Tried out this restaurant with my roommates during Philly restaurant week 2020. The deal was 4 courses for $35. Everything was delicious! They give you fresh bread to start. I ordered 1. Eggplant involtini 2. Cheese ravioli 3. Pollo Giancarlo  4. Chocolate hazelnut cake. 

The service was a little slow but I think it was a combination of us eating really quickly and also the waitress trying not too rush us. The restaurant is byob and cash only, but they do have an atm for convenience. I would definitely recommend this restaurant if you're looking for delicious Italian and a quaint night out.
My daughters and I were looking for a new place to eat. She's been going to school here for 5 years so each time I visit we try to eat somewhere new.  This by far is the best italian food I have had in a long time.  I felt like I was eating a home cooked meal in someone's home.  The girl that served us told us her mom decorated the place.  When my daughter asked for a Coke and they ran out she asked one of the men that was working to grab one down the street. Way to go above and beyond.  If you find yourself on South Street try this place.  It's wonderful.  I am hungry now.
BYOB Italian cuisine located around 2nd and South St. We stopped in on a Friday night without a reservation. We were greeted warmly and sat immediately. Service was attentive, filling up glasses with water and providing cups for the beer we brought along. We tried the burrata special and the linguine pescatore, both we're fresh, warm, and filling. Will return, thank you!
We tried $35 4-course dinner during restaurant. Fantastic food! especially my Entree slow stewed lamb leg. The best lamb leg I ever had. The pasta shrimp linguine is also great. What also great is this place is BYOB, if you want to save on the drink. Highly recommend this place.
Great atmosphere. Amazing food. The veal saltimbocca was flavorful, but not too salty. We shared and eggplant tower appetizer that was in a garlic and oil sauce. BYOB, so it is relatively cheap.
Fine meatballs. I had the beef(with garlic, onion Parmesan) meatballs with marinara sauce and a salad.  They were out of pesto sauce :-( My guy had the classic meatballs(pork, veal, beef) & spaghetti. They were good but not magical.
I live in the neighborhood but had not tried a this new restaurant.  I'm a vegetarian so it wasn't a natural choice.  I went with two friends last night and the food and wine are a great bargain and more finessed than you would guess from the name.  Great bottle of red wine for 25$ and the meatballs (including two vegetarian options) are all 8$. You can get them on a roll or on pasta or naked.  In addition you can mix and match as a slider combo.  It seems like the menu is limited but it is really not.  I heard two tables exclaiming over the old school iceberg wedge salad so you can really get a great meal here.  Desserts are homemade and the chocolate soufflé (really a molten cake) was a big hit at our table.
Soooo, Thursday night we decided to try again to find an Italian restaurant here that consistently serves quality dishes at a reasonable price AND that's family friendly AND that has good wi-fi AND that's clean. We came across this place and the first meal was great. Caesar salad is perfectly salty and fishy and lemony. Bread is crusty and has a good flavor. The kids spaghetti and meatballs were absolutely old school Italian like somebody's momma used to make. My carbonara entree was so rich and creamy and freshly tossed I couldn't believe I'd ever thought Olive Garden worth swallowing. My hubby had the lasagna. Here's the only disappointment. It wasn't pretty like you expect. THAT'S ALL! The lasagna had kinda collapsed under its own goodness. The flavor was better than expected and the portion was just right to finish. I only ate 3 bites of my pasta because I was too full from eating only half of my salad. The ristorante is owned and run by a family just as mixed as mine, an Italian father with Nicaraguan wife and their daughters. I think we found our new spot for sure when we went back tonight for an encore and no one in my squad had any objections to eating there only two days later. Tonight we had the Roman artichoke starter (my girl lives for artichokes) and I had the parpadelle with wild boar ragú. It was not what I expected but in a positive way. The hub had the veal Marsala and couldn't hush about it all the way home. The green beans and potatoes on the side were perfect and the Marsala sauce and mushrooms were just what he wanted them to be. Amazing. To finish we tried the tiramisu which I usually avoid everywhere (because I'm just over it) but I couldn't ignore here. Something told me it'd be good and I'm glad the hunch was a good one. It was not the typical pre-made mess you can find at Maggianos or other Italian chains. It was mucho fresca! The cream and cookies and espresso tasted like it had only been made moments before we ordered our appetizers. The server daughters are charming, cool, and down to earth. El padre is charismatic, generous, and thoughtful enough to stock bottles of wine to offer guests who show up with none. In conclusión, BYOB and BRING an appetite AND bring a squad because the portions are intimidating.
Dined in for lunch. I ordered the meatballs with a side of spaghetti. 

Classic meatballs with bolognese sauce: sauce was good, just salty. Meatballs were tender, but had an off taste to the meat. They serve the meatballs with warm bread, sadly the bread was noticeably stale. 

Side of spaghetti with extra marinara: loved that the spaghetti noodles were home made, just wish they were served al dente. The marinara was good, you could taste the garlic and basil, only critique is that like their bolognese sauce, it too is too salty. 

I love salty foods, but both of their sauces were too salty for me, and I was not a fan of their meatballs; such a disappointment.
Delicious gnocchi and meatballs! We had the spicy pork meatballs in the hot sauce and the chicken meatballs in vodka sauce! Highly recommend both! The gnocchi taste authentic! 
The special veggie of the day was escarole and it was a perfect addition to the meal!

Highly recommend!
A BYOB, cash only, GEM! This restaurant makes you feel like you're sitting at a table in their family home! It's small so make sure you get a reservation but they are the nicest people! Never too busy to explain a menu item or to have friendly conversation. 
We started with a Cesar salad and the artichokes. We were blown away and knew we had made a good choice. The bread came out which was also great, and the pickled beans were so good I had to take a mason jar home with me! 
I had the gnocchi with blush sauce- it literally melts in your mouth! My mom ordered the lasagna, and I think it was the table favorite! It had a blush sauce that is unique but so good. My father enjoyed the lamb chop! 
If you get a chance to say hello to the owner, he's a great host and funny guy! 
Will be back for years to come.
I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. 
The food is delicious & service is top notch. They are so accommodating! This was my second time dining in. Both experiences were amazing. Best dish is definitely penne with salmon. DELICIOUS. the ambiance of the restaurant is so relaxed, and it really makes you feel like you are in Italy. If I could give this place more than 5 stars I would. One of my favorite places to eat. Will be returning for sure.
Delish!! Looking for an authentic yet inexpensive place near old city. This fit the bill. Super friendly owner and staff, and the homemade cheese ravioli and marinara sauce was simple, fresh, and tasty. I didn't even have a meatball, but will be back for that next time!!
Nice, low key casual atmosphere. Very good quality wine was also extremely well-priced.

Come here! You won't be disappointed.
Go here. 

It is astounding there are not more reviews of this place.

Food: meatballs. Meatballs. Did you hear that? Ask for the sampler and choose as many delicious, succulent, rich and homemade meatballs as you can eat. Our favourite was the spicy pork with bolognese. The gnocchi was sensational. Melts in your mouth.

Are you leaving yet? Go!

Service: fantastic. Family run. Wonderful and friendly. 

Ambience: we sat outside. It was a lovely Philly evening. Not sure if you can replicate that but if you can, do it!

BYO: beer and wine can be purchased locally.
Easily the best Italian food in all of Philadelphia. Got the spicy pork meatballs and the gnocchi and loved every bite. Got the marscapone and it was a perfect ending to a perfect meal. Will definitely be returning.
Nice little BYOB Italian restaurant on South street. The gnocchi is freshly made and literally melts in your mouth. The meatballs were fantastic as well. Good spot to bring a date, bring a bottle of wine and enjoy! Will definitely be back.
I went for the meatballs. I recommend the Spicy Pork meatballs with the Spaghetti. Delicious!
Best meatballs you will ever eat. Lasagna is the best I've ever had as well. Better than Italy. We tried the classic meatballs and the beef meatballs. They were the two best meatballs I've ever had but nothing beats the classic. It has exceptional flavor. The vodka sauce is also delicious. 
The service is amazing and it's a very inexpensive option for dinner, certainly a family friendly place. 
Overall, one of my favorite restaurants in philly!
It was a great experience! Small and quiet but so very friendly! I would recommend this place in a heartbeat!
Amazing - super delicious food, I recommend this place to everyone. Service was excellent and food came out quickly. My go to place in Philly for meatballs! When you come here definitely try the pesto and the classic meatballs!
La Nonna is truly one of the few true Italian places in Philly. The sauces are delicious, the service is wonderful, and the experience altogether is the most authentic I have had in Philly.
Best Italian takeout I've ever had. I'm usually not hard to please, but this was excellent. I ordered the beef meatballs with a side of spaghetti and then the grilled vegetables as an addition. Granted, this was probably enough food for 2-3 people but I ate it ALL! I couldn't stop, it was that good! The meatballs were tender, not too salty and seasoned to perfection. The homemade pasta was perfect and the sauce was delicious. The grilled veggies were equally as satisfying. Delivery was super quick and easy. Will definitely be ordering again!
Big fan since I live so close and it's delicious. Great meatball/pasta options and great prices. I love how I can select different types of sauces!! Even bigger fan now that they've been added on to Grub Hub!!
My fiance and I came here for dinner last night. Service is exceptional, some of the best I have experienced. The establishment is family run, which gives the restaurant a homey feeling. Food was absolutely amazing - we ordered the spicy pork meatballs, and pollo saltimbocca. We had the tiramisu for dessert, which melted in your mouth. Highly recommend going here for an authentic italian meal.
Really great! Just happened in here by accident. Got the meatballs with marinara on spaghetti. Simple and amazing. My friend got the gnocchi with mushroom sauce and that was the best and I dot normally even like gnocchi. Our waitress was super friendly too. Definitely give this place a shot.
GianCarlo and his crew are the best in town. The food here is authentic Italian. The gnocchi is the best I have ever had. The atmosphere is cozy and romantic. Perfect for any night. My favorite meal is the meatball party dish with gnocchi in vodka sauce. You must go here!!
Excellent new addition to South Street--so glad to have a new option in the neighborhood for delicious, reasonably-priced food, with a family-run and very friendly vibe.

Plus, the giggling, jokes, and innuendo while reading the menu is endless--if you're with the right people!

We tried 3 of the 6 types of meatballs and 3 of the sauces"

Chicken Pesto
Spicy pork Marinara
Turkey (special) Sage butter garlic (special)

We also tried the Gnoochi Marinara, which was excellent--these folks were the original founders of Gnoochi, which used to be just off South St, too.

Had Tiramisu for dessert, yum!

Go there before it gets too busy!
Delicious. Love the vegetarian meatballs with vodka sauce. Waitstaff is exceptionally nice. This is a BYOB and very reasonably priced.
Excellent food! The meatballs were all tasty, the sauces homemade, and the entree portions large. No complaints on food all around.

However, our small party had a hard time with the noise level, which can really be make or break when you want to have a nice, social dinner. A nearby party of about 6 left about halfway through our meal which helped, but they weren't extraordinarily loud. The music playing included The Doors and Neil Young (that I can remember), and was generally too loud. 

Basically, it's a great space with amazing food, but the ambiance is severely lacking. I'm not saying I need to hear Rosemary C'ooney or Lou Monte when I walk into the place, but without any sound barriers, I think some softer mood music could do wonders for the in-house experience.
Saw this new place last week, came back tonight with friends to eat.  Unanimous thumbs up from all four of us, the food is fantastic.

Simple menu, good prices and good value. I had the Lamb meatballs with an awesome mushroom sauce, perfectly cooked side of roast veggies and a nice glass of red - just the thing on a cold, cold night!.

Great, friendly service, rustic Italian decor, full bar with homemade Sangria - I'll be back!
I decided to try this place after seeing it on FYI Philly. It specializes in meatballs, so you get to choose from a bunch of different types of meatballs done in different ways. I Sampled a few different kinds of meatballs, and they were good, but nothing special. The pasta is also good, but nothing special. This is a nice spot to grab some spaghetti and meatballs if you happen to be hanging around South Street. But it doesn't stand out in any way. The most memorable thing about my meal there is that Alicia Vitarelli, from FYI Philly, was dining there at the same time with her family.
Wow this place is amazing the service is also amazing! It's a family ran business also!! a group of friends and I came last Sunday and even though they were closing in a bit we didn't feel rushed ! The food was AMAZING everything was so fresh and nothing made my stomach hurt ... (I have a sensitive stomach) it's also byob .. the food comes out fresh and the portion sizes are big !!! Oh one more thing order the chocolate hazelnut cake OMGGGGG AMAZING I had only one bite because I was so full but ate the rest because of how amazing it was in less then 2 minutes. ... def a must try restaurant !!
#1 BYOB  #2 CASH ONLY
Pleasant service with clear explanations of ingredients and choices. 
Everyone was pleased with their food choices (branzino, gnocchi, veal scallopini, pasta, salads, appetizers).  My favorite the artichokes in a sauce that was so wonderful I wanted to just order the sauce to dip the bread in.  I usually don't like the red sauces for dipping calamari, but this was perfect for me...flavorful and not spicy hot. Liked the bottles of water on the table...consumed a lot of water and bottles were consistently replaced without us having to ask.  Not that it makes a difference, but it was a weeknight & we were the only ones there.
After wandering in the rain like it was the third circle of Hell or something, my sister, her boyfriend, and I finally found an Italian restaurant without a ridiculously long wait.  

But let me be precise here, because Italian food is tricky.  Everybody makes it.  They slap meat, sauce, and cheese on a plate and we inhale it, naturally.

"Yeah, you love this shit, don't you?  You human person.  You want cheese?  Here, take globs of it, you utterly predictable walking sack of money.  You thought you were lucky to find pizza on the menu?  Oh, you excitable cave child.  Come back again, you absolute dearth of impulse control."

But when we walked into La Nonna on South Street in Philly at 8:30pm, I felt it:  that rare magic that a 100% Italian boy feels walking into a 100% Italian restaurant.  Everything fit.  Tale as old as time.  Dark wood, red-checkered table cloths, hushed and unhurried conversations by candlelight.  I haven't met my soulmate, but I know how it's supposed to feel from the handful of Italian restaurant owners I've locked eyes with and felt safe and loved almost instantly.  

And the food, of course.  My lasagna was a choir of carefully layered, tender pasta, creamy vodka tomato sauce, and mozzarella cheese that blended perfectly with its counterparts.  In other words, it played in the band as opposed to dancing naked on the stage.  

I've only felt this special connection to the food of my people a few times in my life, and a very special thanks to my sister, her boyfriend, and the staff at La Nonna for allowing it to happen on my birthday.
This place was great. We shared meatballs, bruschetta, shrimp diavolo, and chicken parm that was served with homemade spaghetti and marinara. The pasta and marinara were bomb - simple but super fresh and great. The chicken parm was the best we've had in the city. I took a star off for the meatballs - kind of dry, which was disappointing given their name. Overall though, it was a great little Italian spot and we'll be back for more pasta!
Loved it. This homeyness, these prices, these tableclothes just don't exist in NYC. Maybe you can get it in Brighton Beach for Russian or Astoria for Greek food, but it's sooooo seldom to get something like this. Great comfort food, great prices. Nice staff, cool environment with a lot of locals and families. It's a great experience for locals and travelers alike. 

I had a sampler of meatballs - 4 for $12. While it may seem like a lot for $3 for a meatball, it's really not that much when you go out to eat. None of the prices will get you in trouble, and they will soon be BYO, so it's really economical. 

Great stuff x1000. 

And also---- It was created with inspiration from the Meatball Shop in NYC. I'm not into the Meatball Shop at all because it is too pretentious and annoying --- but this is not that at all.
This is a very special place. One the best Italian meals I have ever had. I literally wanted to lick the plate the food was so good! Friendly and welcoming family restaurant and they treated me like family.
What a great little spot on South Street!  Went there for dinner with my grown kids a few nights ago, and it was a lovely evening!  Not sure why this place is not more crowded as it is fantastic!  The service was excellent....there when we needed something, but allowed us to take our time and enjoy the food and the company!  We started by sharing the burrata and tomato special and the mussels.  They brought out the burrata first, allowed us to finish, and then the hot mussels.  Both items were perfectly seasoned....creamy burrata, fresh tomatoes and prosciutto!  Mussels were large, tasty, and dipping the warm bread in the butter wine sauce was yummy!  We had the branzino special, homemade roasted red pepper pasta with seafood, and the veal chop special.  All three were amazing!  The veal chop was huge and perfectly cooked!  We were too full for dessert.  Being a BYOB makes it even better!  (ATM machine there if you forget your cash.)  Reasonably priced for such excellent food.  We'll definitely be back!
The food was amazing. We were visiting from NYC, we were so happy with the food and service. The ossobuco was amazing. We wish we could remember our waitresses name, she was very sweet. Will definitely be back the next time we are in town.
I grew up with grandparents from Italy and this place reminded me of growing up. I loved the friendly hospitality, since it was our first time we were given bruschetta to try. The meatball section is amazing and they are all delicious, you can tell the gnocchi was made fresh that morning. I have maybe has better gnocchi once in my life in queens, but for the $ this is my new go to spot
Since moving to the neighborhood a year ago, I've become a regular at this restaurant and it's become one of my favorites in Philly! It's a warm and welcoming family-owned place, with decor similar to that of a charming restaurant in Rome. The gnocchi with meat sauce, beef meatballs with marinara & spaghetti, and the lasagna are among my favorites. Best of all, you can mix and match sauces, pastas and meatballs, so it's a great restaurant for vegetarians and for meat eaters. It's BYOB too. Highly recommend.
Great spot on South Street!  We live around the corner and have probably passed it a million times since it's been open.  The space is nicely decorated... old rustic Italian. We certainly didn't plan it out properly, bc we went on a Friday during Lent... not a smart move on our part!  BUT, the food was amazing!  I had (no joke) the best GNOCCHI I have ever had!  Light & fluffy in a blush sauce. Yum! My husband had the soup & rice balls.  Loved it!!  It's a byob & cash only.  We cannot wait to return to try the meatballs!
Decided to stop by after a Phillies game at the last minute.... rally glad I did!  My partner had a special and I had basic spaghetti and meatballs.  Meal was fantastic.  Not overly spiced and very simple... just perfect!  And they played Dean Martin the entire time - what could be better?
La Nonna is exceptional! This is a place to settle in and enjoy your meal. La Nonna is consistently one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. Every item on the menu has been exceeded my expectations. The restaurant is family owned and the wait staff are attentive and accommodating. They truly go above and beyond in every facet. Highly recommend!
Me 'N' Mo caught my attention being steps away from the 40 Bus stop on South & 2nd I use to get to University City.  I rarely frequent the restaurants or bars on South street but something about this place compelled me to give it a try.  I am thrilled that I did.  There is so much that is good about this place that begins with the food and extends to reasonable prices, outstanding service, very pleasant ambiance and finishing with the indisputable fact that you're not going to find any better. House Balls of the Spicy Pork variety were all and more than I dared hoped for.  Perfectly seasoned they were heavy, weight wise but so light when biting into them.  I chose the hot meat sauce or gravy as they say in South Philly which was sublime.  And then there's the delightful ciabatta bread. It's advertised as being from Sarcone's Bakery and it met my every expectation from this South Philly mecca of Italian baked goods. Me 'N' Mo has the perfect formula for a highly successful restaurant on South Street which is desperate for quality establishments.
I'll keep this short and simple- if you like meatballs, of any sort, come here. 

We stopped in for lunch and ordered the buffalo chicken meatball special and a beef meatball sub with marinara and mozzarella. The special was served with a side of bleu cheese dressing which is the perfect compliment to any dish with buffalo sauce. The combination of the tasty beef meatball and the crunchy sarcone deli roll will have me coming back often. 

Wonderful addition to south street!
This restaurant is the reincarnation of a restaurant I used to to before it suffered a fire and closed The old restaurant was good the reincarnation is great I tried a test ordering my favorite dish Osso Buco it was out of sight I've gone to all the Italian restaurants in Philly but this place is as good as the best To top it off it is dirt cheap Two Hendricks Osso Buco Tiramisu Double Expresso Grappa The bill was $40 Try to top that You don't have to order Osso Buco You can order pasta and meat balls That's what its abbreviated name stands for Meatballs and More Ciao Bella!
came for restaurant week and had a decent meal

philly has an overload of italian restaurants unfortunately so to stand out, you gotta have a stand out dish that your guests will remember. fortunately, it was restaurant week so my friends and i got to sample a good amount of the menu for a decent price (BYOB is always a plus :) )

i started with the eggplant app, gnocchi, and the branzino and the tiramisu.

eggplant - delicious! this was probably my favorite dish. good flavors, cooked well and knife work on the eggplant was thinly sliced and perfect

gnocchi - the sauce could use more flavors for a vodka sauce. the gnocchi itself was a tad bit overcooked but good amount of filling which  i appreciated

branzino - my cut of fish wasn't the best but the flavors were decent. it was a tad bit overcooked, i would have wanted my fish to be flakier

tiramisu - this was just a mush. nothing really stood out to me

one thing my friends and i will always remember about this  restaurant is how hot we were. we were hoping they would notice us fanning ourselves constantly and turn the air up but it never happened
Real talk. I've been to Italy, and the Italian food here is authentic and better than the food I had in Italy.

Stand outs: (1) the artichoke appetizer, (2) the service and (3) the house red and white wines. The waitress was very attentive and accommodating. We went on a quiet night so there were no COVID precaution concerns.

Also very good: the carbonara, fresh made lasagna and gnocchi. 

Would go back? Yes!
Visit IMMEDIATELY! This cozy, family-owned restaurant transports you far away for the night with delicious food, beautiful music, and warm service. The meal started with delicious, soft bread and incredible green beans in a vinaigrette, both of which were complimentary! We tried the stuffed tomato special, which had roasted red peppers, mozzarella, and basil...YUMMM. I got the spaghetti all'amatriciana which was so delicious I couldn't stop eating it, some of the most well balanced sauce I've had (and I'm Italian). My boyfriend got the spaghetti with meatballs which was also great. We cannot wait to go back and support this fantastic local gem. We love you, La Nonna!
From the food to the service is was just an amazing meal! After walking philly all day we ended at the water front and found this gem on yelp. Giana our waitress, was so sweet, personable  and helped us choose a 5 star meal. My boyfriend got the tripe which was perfectly balanced in the tomato sauce with delicious homemade bread to dip. The araccini  starters were filled with mouth watering  gooey cheese and hit the spot. We got a half order of the gnocchi bolognese which melted in your mouth. And then the chicken parm for a main which just tasted like the best moms home cooking. Tiramisu and chocolate hazelnut cake for dessert topped off the delicious meal. This family run establishment has so Much love from the ambiance to the food. Thank you again Giana and fam for a perfect philly dinner. :)
Food was the authentic Italian food that I expected and very delicious; however, the food service was very slow. It took over an hour for our food to arrive even though we had a reservation booked. The waitresses rarely checked in and we're not readily available. 
The vibe was very homey and comfortable.
I haven't been here for many years. Everything was just wonderful. Had the Buratta for appetizer that was just delicious. They Bronzino was also wonderful. Service was great and I will be back frequently
July 4th weekend. Trying to get a reservation was impossible. When I called I was told they were booked but we could sit at the bar. Absolutely. Felt at home as soon as we walked in. The place was busy but Gianna and her sister are so good at what they do (it seems like everything) it was just relaxing. Experience was really wonderful and the food (Roman Artichokes are excellent) was very, very good. Flavorful - they know how and when to use garlic. Appropriate portion sizes. I could have sat there all night. So many choices in Philly but this will get a return visit with friends.
We just fell in love with this local family owned restaurant. Excellent food and friendly service. The place creates perfect atmosphere to re-connect and relax no matter your mood; music and design teleport you to another place and time. Good job. We will be back soon.
Bangin would be an UNDERSTATEMENT. If you were to die tomorrow you would want the gnocchi today. Absolutely phenomenal. Not to mention how cute it is inside, I feel like I just walked in to a restaurant in Italy. Will be back!!!!!
Decided to look up a Italian spot last minute while we were in the city, it was BYOB, which was a plus. It's seems like it's family owned, it's small and intimate. The place is located right on south street, which gets pretty busy during the day, all hours of the night, and has a lot of things to do and places to visit. We rave about this place all the time, it's by far the best Italian food we've had so far. We've been twice and can't wait to go back. Servers are friendly and nice, food portions are great, they don't charge a cork fee like some places would. I definitely recommend checking this place out for great food and a good intimate experience!
I returned after a bit of a hiatus with a young lady. The owner had to serve us and he is a wonderful man from Frosinone. Her spaghetti was outstanding and my Tagliatelle with cinghiale was on the money.  For this country, this restaurant is a total keeper.
La Nonna is the perfect spot for a romantic evening and classic red-sauce Italian in Philly. We stopped in on a Saturday night, and sat at a darkly-lit table in the far-back, making for an impossibly cozy atmosphere. We loved that La Nonna is BYOB, and we brought a bottle of red that our server graciously corked for us at the beginning of our meal. For starters, we shared an order of their incredible artichoke hearts, sautéed in a delicate but rich garlic and white wine sauce, alongside one of the best simple tossed green salads with a sour and salty vinaigrette I have ever had. The salad alone might justify a return visit. For our entrees, I had the cacio e pepe, which was perfect, but she had the deliciously pillowy and tender gnocchi with blush sauce, which was the absolute standout and a must try. We ended our meal at home, with a slice of their delicious tiramisu to go. Overall, La Nonna is an outstanding option for a picture-perfect evening out with those classic, East Coast trattoria vibes and great food to match.
This restaurant is amazing!! We ate here on Saturday evening and the food was delicious.. the vegetables were seasoned to perfection and the main course of chicken and veal were prepared perfectly..
