I haven't reviewed this place in 9 years. Time for an update. 

And I've decided they need more love. 

Back story... my late Uncle Rich introduced me to this place years ago. I've been back a few times over the years. Always loved it. 

I just love the flavor and texture here. When I'm in the mood for square pie, this is a favorite. I wish I got down here more often. I should. 

But the biggest reason I upgraded it to 5 stars is that my 6 year old boy housed an entire slice with pepperoni and asked for seconds. Pic is for proof. 

He ate more than me. But I blame my weight loss surgery. Still, when I want a good slice I want what i love. And La Rosa is pizza I can crave. 

8.4 on the Dave Portnoy scale. It's not Angelo's or Tacconelli's. But it doesn't have to be. And three huge slices, two with toppings for $7.25 is a bargain.
A South Philly gem near the corner of Broad & Synder. Hard to believe a place this tasty can easily be walked passed without notice. Thick, authentic Sicilian slices at a steal, $1.65-$2.00 each. 

No frills, take out only joint. 

Slices are only available in whatever they decide to cook up that day. This day it was white, pepperoni, plain and sausage. No mushroom or potato on this particular day, but I hear they are fantastic. 

Entire pies made to order however you would like, up to 4 toppings. They do deliver!

Sauce wasn't overly sweet, cheese wasn't too much. Crisp and hot. The slices held their own weight. Thick but not too doughy. 

Kids and hubs gave it the big thumbs up.

English is a tad iffy, but she still understood what they wanted every time we visited. 

 Easy. Go!
Directly above the Snyder Avenue subway stop in South Philly is this Sicilian pizzeria selling its thick-crusted square pizzas mostly by the slice. It's good for a quick bite if you happen to be in the immediate area but it in no way dethrones Lorenzo's as King of the Slice Pizza in Philly.  Service is 'What da ya want?' brusque and prices seem to slightly fluctuate - a person I heard at the other end of the counter ordered the exact same pizza slice as me and was charged 15 cents less.  15 cents is totally small change ... but the principle of being charged a different price looms a bit bigger. Maybe put a price list in plain view!
This pizza was soooooooo delicious! Just try it for yourself. Very large slices and the sausage and pepperoni had it going on! Would not hesitate to purchase this again whenever we're in the Philadelphia area.
I had a bowling party at PEP Bowl for my son, & I needed a local spot to order pizza for delivery. I used Yelp, & based on reviews, I gave it a try. I went earlier in the day to taste test. Love the square pizza & the crunchy buttery crust! I was easily sold & ordered 4 pies for delivery later that eve. 

 It's so affordable, huge cheese pizza only $10. I also got sausage/pepperoni. None of my guests had ever eaten there, and they all commented on how great the pizza was. I guess I will have to make a trip all the way down the South Philly to get that pizza! 

I also love it because it is completely No Frills, no menus, they don't sell anything other than pizza, and the English is a little iffy. LOL. But the customer service and product are great. I'm just now seeing there's something called potato pizza, I had no idea about that. I'm going to have to remember to get that when I go back.
Okay, so here is the deal. This is the best pizza I have ever eaten, hands down. I got 2 HUGE slices of pizza for 3.90$. Unreal. 
Also, the employees are not the friendliest, but with pizza this good at this price point, I do not care. I will continue to go back here multiple times a week until my heart gives out. 
The place is small with no where to really eat except for a stand only counter. So plan on taking the pizza home. Anyways, it will be worth it because this pizza is amazing.
I'm speechless... definitely the best in South Philly. I should know... I'm dating a pizza lover :P We got a pepperoni & onion pizza. The crust/dough was cooked perfectly, hot, soft, with a little crunch. The cheese and sauce were at a perfect ratio. You could tell the ingredients are very fresh. Can't wait to order from here again!
This place was delicious. Simple pizza with no frills done right. I had two slices of the plain. Although they don't have tables they do have two long bar counters where you can stand and eat your pizza and/or fountain sodas. I really appreciated the fountain sodas as sadly they are becoming harder and harder to find. I was given my slices in a to go box and although one wasn't quite enough two was way too much. I would love for them to cater my next pizza party! I will have to find an excuse to have one soon.
I've read people's reviews saying that this is the "best pizza in South Philly," but I'm going to go ahead and say that this is the best pizza in the city proper, hands down. Although I'm not a fan of traditional Chicago-style deep dish pizza or Sicilian pies, LaRosa makes the perfect cross breed of the two. The buttery, thick crust is (as my dining partner described it) "a buttery pan pie, like what Pizza Hut was going for, but perfected and respectable." Enough said. Who isn't a sucker for a crisp, thick and flaky crust? Add to that any combination of gourmet ingredients of your choice for one hell of a delectable pie. I mean, I couldn't stop myself from eating so much that I felt sick from being overstuffed after the experience. The pepperoni is full of flavor, sliced between too thin and too thick, it's perfect. I highly recommend the white potato, rosemary pie - even without their delectable, home made sauce, this one's a flavor party in your mouth that goes unmatched.

Fair prices for an absurd amount of delicious food, that's my kind of establishment.
While Philadelphia had its fair share of quality artisan, specialty pizza establishments, I could never find that good street pizza parlor I was accustomed to growing up in NYC. That no frills, standing room only, grease soaked paper plate pizza parlor; then LaRosa's came into my life. Many Philadelphia natives, and resident college students have tried to convince me that a famous location on South Street is the way to go, I disagree. 

LaRosa's has the best quality of pizza above all the other pizza  parlor establishments I have tried in the south Philadelphia region. LaRosa's is truly a hole on in the wall eatery. If one is looking for ambiance, it's not on the menu. Actually there is no menu because this is a pizza, and fountain soda establishment. What you see is what you get, and what you get is simply good street pizza. 

I have been lucky enough to be in the store, when trays of square pies are coming right out of the oven. Good street pizza should be eaten hot and fresh....don't argue with me. And not that half ass, 1 minute reheat where the slice gets cold the moment you step away from the counter neither. The crust is thin with a slight crisp, topped with cheese and various toppings. Its not  the second coming but I guarantee one will be extremely satisfied with the pizza, if not... You don't know what your talking about.
Locals favorite! We were guided there after three stops on a Monday and we were told to order the Potato Pizza. We waited about 10 minutes and would say the pizza was great for the price but would not be our go to.  Square thicker slices, simple ingredients, mom and pop type of location, perfect to pick up on the way home to work on days you don't feel like cooking. The dough does not taste aged and the ingredients seem fresh but something about their pizza didn't make us crave for more. The pizza was a denser than we prefer, but still a great place to try once. All of us are so different so who knows, you may love La Rosa.
One of the best pizza places in Philadelphia. I've been coming here with my family since I was 5, and always stop by when I'm in South Philly. Prices are still really good!!! Get 1/2 red and 1/2 white for two amazingly delicious different pizza experiences! They don't take credit cards, and they have no seating inside.
Ordered pick up. Received a prompt phone call that our pizza was ready. We picked it up and were surprised at the reasonable prices. $9.99 for cheese, and $13.50 for pepperoni and peppers. The pizza was still hot and absolutely amazing. The crust was crunchy, but also chewy. The sauce and cheese were perfect. My coworkers and I are definitely ordering from them again.
Uhhh...delicious.  La Rosa is the real deal.  Ordered pepperoni and sausage, picked it up and brought it home....was still piping hot despite the decent walk.

Crust: thick, buttery, awesome.  Cheese: plentiful, flavorful, delightful.  Sauce: just the right amount of flavor, hits the spot.

On top of being my favorite Philly pizza its also the cheapest (not Little Caesars).  I had walked by a number of times and didn't think much of tje place then checked Yelp...Yelpers are spot on with La Rosa.
Based off of my first and only visit, arrived at 12:30pm on a weekday, got piping hot pepperoni and sausage slice. It was exceptional, crunchy bottom layer, soft in the middle, and not too dense. Perfect combination for Sicilian style and reasonably priced.
Guess I should've read the reviews saying this pizza is sicilian. HUGE disappointment. I don't understand how this place won "best slice". The crust is thick and fluffy and there was virtually NO sauce. And they used canned mushrooms. If you are looking for a normal triangular slice of pizza from a round pie with a heavy, melty layer of cheese that you have to fold in half to put in your mouth, this is not your place.
Plus:
no website
no menu (either online or available with order)
delivery
potato pie
tomato pie
friendly lady answering phones and taking orders
very inexpensive
delicious crust

minus:
no website
no menu (either online or available with order)
lukewarm pizza upon arrival

The "no menu/website" thing is actually more of a plus than a minus, it makes me feel as if I'm getting some real traditional good food.  I also think that if a delivery joint, in this day and age, doesn't have to depend on these things, they must be making some decent money and thus, must be doing something right.

This was a great first experience at La Rosa and we WILL definitely be making this the go-to spot for our future "za" orders.
This is the best pizza in South Philly. It's not quite as thick as sicilian but it is rectangular. The prices are great. My landlord, who recommended this place, likes to get it with extra sauce. We like it with a well-done crust. They have great toppings but I love their plain cheese pizza. It's addictive.  Cash only.
I came here after a workout at the gym. I have been wanting to try this place for a while now. I ordered a slice of sausage and a slice of pepperoni pizza. Two slices came up to $4.50. Their pizza was very good ! I can not wait to come back ! There is street parking (meter) on broad street ! So bring some quarters !
This was my first time at la rossa. The pizza was great despite it being out when I got there. If your not from Philly or not used to city/area don't be alarmed by the trash outside of the business. It's at a major sub stop and it's a high school across the street. Besides that, the slice was amazing from the cheese to the dough. I would've preferred a bit more sauce, but hey its whatever. Although the cheese was great and in hindsight I did not need it, I took a point for them not having Parmesan cheese- to me it's the equivalent of not having toilet paper in a bathroom plus Radio Raheem died for us to get some extra mozzarell. So, stop by get a slice hop in ya whip or train and head to the park and enjoy like I did. 

Just because we in SP throw that Meek on!
AWFUL customer service.  DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE. I have ordered from this place for delivery twice and can not believe our experience.  The first time took two and a half hours for delivery and when we called to see where our pizza was the person who answered the phone said "we shouldn't have ordered for delivery on a saturday night because they are busy".  When the delivery finally arrived we had to walk down the street to meet the delivery man because he could not find our apartment.  Somehow we must have forgot this experience and ordered from here again.  This time the delivery man called several times because he could not find our apartment AGAIN!  He was in an entirely different part of the city (we live in Rittenhouse, not typically hard to find) and could not be directed to our address.  He litterly hung up on us and said that "he couldn't find us and was going back to the restaurant and hung up on us!!  When I called to report that the delivery man could not find our apartment the person who answered the phone said that our address was entered wrong and offered no apologies.  I asked if they could make a fresh pizza and give a discount/free pizza and she said no.  She just asked if I wanted to cancel the order.  I asked to have a manager call me and surprisingly did not get a call from the manager.  AWFUL PLACE!!!!  Only a one star because it won't let me give zero stars.
Best pizza in South Philly 
Years ago I was riding the subway and a girl was eating something that smelled so good I got up and asked her where she got it. That's how I found La Rosa. 
The potato pie is my favorite but you usually can't get it by the slice. Their pepperoni and sausage is delicious and usually always available. 
This place isn't fancy, it's pretty basic and they don't have a menu I've ever seen but their pizza is delicious. Well worth the trip
You would think that in a city as big as Philly that there would be better pizzerias then there is. Either you go high end like Bufad or Pizzeria Stella and spend a lot of money for a small pie...albeit a "gourmet pizza' or you are stuck with the pizza place on the corner. 
Well I came across La Rossa by "Googling" best pizza in Center City and the reviews were good. They won Philly magazine's "Best Slice". It's a pick or delivery business- no tables. 
They are feet away from Broad and Snyder and I've seen the foot traffic come in from people waiting for the bus/subway. They also sell good Italian bread loafs too. 
The style is Sicilian (square) with a cruncy crust but still soft dough. A large pie is a great value and more than your money's worth.
This is one of my go to favorite pizza places in South Philly. Once you go inside you can smell the amazing aroma of their Sicilian pizzas.  Their price is justified with how large their pizza is. Especially once you have a taste of their bread that they make for their pizza, it is a amazingly delicate,crunchy and full of taste where you actually enjoy eating the crust! Their sauce and cheese on the pizza is so very fresh and soo tasty. It is worth the experience of trying their pizza, you won't regret it!
Solid delivery option. The pizza is always hot on arrival, they are pretty accurate on time expectations and the product is consistent. This is not brick oven pizza - its old school south philly - and very good.
Just love this square old style pizza amazing been buying for decades the crunchy underneath crust the the lightness sweet type sauce all the different  selections for pizza cheese, pepperoni, potato etc  but one thing is as much as i love their plain tomato pie & all my asks for enough sauce they insist on making it on dry side.. did it again tonite!! One thing i hate is dryness pasta or pizza esp heating leftovers my last option is asking for side sauce!! Whats the problem on cheapie amt of sauce & ignoring request?????
I would give it 3  1/2 stars but since this place seems way overrated I'm sticking with 3. The pizza is fine, adequate is another apt adjective, but I wouldn't die for it & I doubt I'd go out of my way for it. And since it's  not open late at all I can't see myself stumbling in in a stupor...
This is my favorite pizza place! The best dough & sauce! Pure bliss! I do love how it's simple and old fashioned however being in the industry myself I can't help to notice how they only accept cash they have no menu or set prices and system is so outdated I only wish they would update themselves because they could triple their money! Because their pizza is that good!
Garbage !! From service to burnt pizza... must have caught them on an off day but very disappointing!
The BEST pizza!!!! Been going to La Rosa for a long time! We used to order delivery every Friday night. Now that I live in Jersey its hard to go to La Rosa. Always get the same thing. 1/2 white and 1/2 Red (not just sauce only)
My new favorite pizza place. I can't believe I have never had their pizza before. The half potato/half sausage is heaven. Incredible.
This pizza is some of the best in Philly however the wait time for delivery sucks. But Its worth the wait thou.
This is one of those places you're proud you know about. A little random shop that doesnt even have a menu but serves really delicious pizza. I got a half pepperoni half potato pie and totally pigged out. 

I really loved the pizza, but based on some of the reviews, i was expecting something closer to a Chicago style deep dish. This is more like a Sicilian thick crust. Butterier than most i've had, but not Chicago style by a long shot. 

Still, you should give La Rosa a try. Be aware that the potato pizza has no sauce.
the sauce and cheese are perfect. the price is cheap at $9 a pie. i'm more a fan of super thin crust, but i still really like this pizza. the dough is really thick so eating more than one square cut slice is impossible for me. but that does make it last a lot longer!
Great slice at the right price! Don't think this is the best slice in Philly; but I'm still in search of that. Really good and cheap. Nice thick crust(a bit buttery) w/great sauce & lots of cheese. The crust reminds me more of my local Greek style pizza than a  Sicilian one. Would definitely return & try something besides a plain slice.
I wanted to try some South Philly pizza on a Saturday night. I checked yelp and saw that La Rosa had great reviews. I looked online for a menu to see that they don't have a menu. You call and tell them what you want and that's that. One size pizza. I ordered a plain and tomato pie. It was cash only but it was under 20.00. 

The pizza looks like a Sicilian pie. Not as doughy and more crispy. I enjoyed the taste and value. Not my favorite tomato pie. 

I would recommend trying this place if you're in the neighborhood. I don't think I'd go out of my way to come here from fishtown.
Ah I can't believe this place has so few reviews! Well, I can believe it but it totally deserves a ton more. I give out 5 star ratings VERY rarely, and am extremely critical of pizza and factor in flavor, consistency of product and cost when evaluating the pizza itself. I then separately factor in the location (is it in an accessible/central spot?), hours of operation and overall ambience as appropriate. That all being said, La Rosa is a 5/5. This is the best Sicilian pizza I have ever had in my life. I have had TONS in the tri-state area, and before trying theirs I was not a huge fan of the square variety. Now, I would (and have) driven into the city from the suburbs to pick up one of their pies when I'm not in the mood for the "regular" stuff. When I was living in South Philly I tried TONS of different places and was appalled at the lack of good/edible Italian food in the area. La Rosa filled that void, as far as pizza goes. I have never tried the bread, but it looks fantastic and will in the future. It is SO cheap, the service is FAST, and it is ALWAYS fantastic. Try it and you will be hooked!
I had the Sicilian pie with pepperoni and sausage. It was delicious. I will be ordering again!
Absolutely delicious pizza, definitely the best in the immediate neighborhood. They however take South Philly rude to a new level. Generally speaking it's worth the terrible service as it's cheap and good. Tangy delicious sauce, good cheese and a tasty crust. However, I have walked out a few times. Asking for a slice just to get ignored and a dirty look and then the counter person walks into the back not to return for several minutes while several people are waiting to order is ridiculous.
Called for delivery never showed up been an hour and 20 minutes. I understand that it is a saturday, when the delivery guy came up to the door, he didnt understand that I cancelled and do not want the order considering I called at 7:04 pm. It is now 8:23 pm. There pizza is absolutely delicious, this has nothing to do with the food but when it comes to the delivery guy who gave an attitude and walked away before I could finish mid sentence, that is a disgrace. I have ordered from here multiple times on a friday and saturday and I have never been spoken to or had to wait over an hour and 20 minutes for pizza when we live 4 blocks away.
so good...but service is slow because only 1 person ringing up, to serves you and take phone order..they also do UBEREATS..
Great South Philly pizza! My roommates and I order it all the time. The toppings are all very fresh and the sauce and cheese are great. 

Great prices. Not the fastest delivery but worth the wait.
This is my first ever Yelp review, but after 2.5 hours, 3 phone calls, and no pizza, I felt compelled.  Although a few other reviews warned of delivery delays, I figured what the hell, even if this takes an hour I'll still have some pizza.  Sure enough, an hour goes by.  I call.  On its way.  Ok, Ok.  Forty more minutes.  I call.  On its way.  I can barely understand the woman on the phone, but she seems reassuring.  Ok, Ok.  And its been about 2.5 hours.  If you don't deliver, just say you don't deliver.  If you want to try this place, I recommend planning a backup.  I for one, am never calling this place again.
Who says you have to choose between delicious and affordable? I usually add green peppers and mushrooms to my pizza.
I'm partial to the square pie. I'm not sure why, but I like it better than the circle pie/triangle slice. 

La Rosa does a square pie. Not quite typical Sicilian-type, it's a bit thinner. The sauce has zing, which is a plus for me. And they offer a 'gravy' slice sometimes (just the sauce, no cheese), which is like a warm tomato pie. I actually opt for them not to heat it, and let it sit until it's cool. 

Overall I like it a lot.
Excellent sicilian pizza. By the slice, they do a really good reheating job, which helps maintain the quality you find in their whole pies (which are very good, too). In an area with a lot of by-the-slice-type options, I like La Rosa better than anywhere else.

Note: They are a cash-only place.
Most under-rated pizza place in all of south philly!

SIMPLY OUTSTANDING!!!!!!!!!!

I will say, though, that walking in and buying slices to go is way better than buying a whole pizza.  The slices come out crisp and sooooo unbelievably delicious.
This hole-in-the-wall spot makes a mean pie! We got half potato and half red sauce with mushrooms. The pizza was delicious, particularly the red sauce! I was excited for the potato, but it lacked flavor in my book. It needed a little umph - maybe some garlic? Or some rosemary cooked into the sauce instead of just sprinkled on top? The price is fantastic, too. We paid about $11 for 6 huge slices. Great Sicilian pies. We will definitely be back!
I'm new to living below Oregon, so I've been trying the usual spots--City Pizza, Pizza Shack, Celebres, and Steak 'em up (or however their mobster cheesesteak mascot spells it).

We tried La Rosa last night based off of a friend's recommendation. The pizza was small, but was priced right. It's a little doughy and sweet, but it's not super greasy. I really liked it, and would recommend it!!
This is an old school standup pizza joint in south Philly. They don't have a menu (to my knowledge). We ordered our pizza slices which included a slice of pepperoni, sausage and cheese. The crust tasted so authentic and perfect!
Pizza is good. Not enough sauce in my opinion. Very down to earth people (I think Italian?) the lady who answers the phone seems as if she's yelling at me and is irritated, but that's just the way she talks and I never mind it lol. A cool spot to get some good pizza or just to swing by for a slice.
Delicious grandma-style pizza. Rivals my favorite from my old neighborhood (http://www.yelp.com/biz/louies-pizza-elmhurst-2).

You've got to respect that this restaurant does just one thing, and they do it very, very well.
Whatever kinda pizza this is, I know it's squared, hot, and tasty. They put it in the oven for ya too. I just throw on some peppers and sprinkle some garlic n I'm good to go! 

They always seem to be hiring though.
However, I grab a slice [$1.95 per slice] sometimes before class, I love their pizza! 

Oh, the inside, there's no sitting room, you just kinda stand around.
I am going to have to give La Rosa pizza 5 stars.  Anyone that truly understands the concept of a real Sicilian pie, knows what I'm talking about. This place is a gem in South Philly, and has been a staple for over 35 years. Also, its owned and operated by Italians! 

I am not going to spend  a lot of time explaining every detail of my most recent slice of heaven, but I will provide you with a photo. As you can see it was truly a beautiful slice. The texture and flavor of the special sauce complemented the perfectly layered cheese as it melts in your mouth. The dough is also amazing, crunchy yet not too crispy with golden edges. Its hard to believe for only $3.27 you not only get one of the best slices, but a coke as well. (jack pot)!
I'm really disappointed cause I've been here plenty of times. But yesterday I brought my son in for a slice and we waited 5-10mins jyst to b told to "wait' and "hold on". The 2 ladys did nothing but argue in the back while 3 customers including myself stop inn front waiting only to b greeted with an attitude and cold pizza
To start with, I ordered off GrubHub so I can't speak to the actual restaurant. I'll start by saying this. I don't think there's necessarily a type of pizza that's better than every other type. I think there's a type of pizza that fits whatever you're craving, though. So I was in the mood for a slightly thinner crust the other night...but I was also digging greasy. The pictures seemed like what I was searching for so I gave it a shot. The pizza was Sicilian style in a sense. It wasn't as thick as a foccacia per se, but it wasn't exactly a thin, crispy crust. The crust had a great crunch, but not that dry crunch where it feels like you're cutting up your gums. The sauce had a touch of sweetness to it. I got sausage and it was the kind I like...big chunks that are irregularly shaped...not the weird little slices or the little balls. The cheese was plentiful. 

I don't think I'll always be in the mood for greasy, but this is definitely going to be my go to in this city when I am.
Do you live in the Italian Market area but think there is NO good pizza place in the area?  Yeah, me too.

My search continues for good pizza in the vicinity... I bookmarked La Rosa over a year ago when I saw their potato pizza on some blog, and but somehow forgot about it until the other day.  I gave them a call, placed my order for a half pepperoni/half potato pie, and tomato pie.  The sweet Italian lady on the other line replied, "just gravy?" Yes please!

20 minutes later, I went to pick up my pies and felt like I stepped into an unassuming, 50's style pizza joint.  Little Mrs. La Rosa was lovingly squirting some olive oil on my tomato pie as it came out of the oven.  I paid $18 for BOTH pies,  cash only, ate one square of each variety (probably about 1 square too many) and now I have leftovers for the next 5 days.
I've lived in the area for 14 years and this was my first time trying La Rosa. I wish I would have tried it sooner. Solid pizza, very flavorful and generous with the toppings. It's a little on the pricey side, but this falls under "you get what you pay for." There are other, less expensive pizza joints in the area, but most have left me feeling unsatisfied. I'll definitely be back.
Always hot! Always Fresh! 
Depends on what time you get there if you want a certain slice they usually have it or you can wait just a few minutes for a fresh pie.
I walk past Romeo's pizza to go here. Really delicious and crispy pizza. I just recently tried a half cheese half potato/rosemary pizza - definitely try it, soooooo good. $12 for a large plain square pizza.
DISCLAIMER: They have only been rated one star so this review could be posted. But I would give zero stars if I could. 

We have recently moved to area and were looking for some original pizza from a local place to order from. The reviews said it was some of the "best pizza" they have had, and I don't think those people know what real pizza is. 

We waited over 2 hours for two very small "large" pizzas - only 6 slices, though each pizza was $25. Not only did the pizza get to our door cold (we are assuming they forgot to actually send it out for delivery UNTIL AFTER we had to call the store and we still had to wait 30 minutes after that). To add insult to injury, they forgot to include our sodas. A total of $65 for nothing special. 

The pizza was cold, the meat lovers only had sausage, and the pizza barely had any sauce. In short, it was cheesy bread with veggies. 

We are super disappointed with our experience and will not be ordering from this place ever again. Frozen pizza from Dominos tastes much better.
Fantastic pizza here at a very reasonable price, with an authentic home made crust and delicious red sauce. They bake it as they need it, and it's always fresh since a constant stream of customers come in all the time.  

It's obvious that La Rosa's reinvest the profits back into the pizza itself, rather than make this a fancy, over-priced place; which is quite the oxymoron of so many of today's restaurants! I'd rather make the trip down here to South Philly for a slice of this, rather than eat at some fancy double-the-price Center City joint that tastes only half as good.

All this pretty much adds up to make La Rosa's the best pizza in Philly!
I just found my new favorite pizza place in Philly. They allowed us to order half potato which is a white pizza and half onion which is made with red sauce. Both were unbelievable. The potato had rosemary and being both a potato lover and pizza fan, I was so happy when they put the two together perfectly. It was one of the best things I've eaten in awhile. I am now a bit obsessed and have ordered 3 times in just a little over week. I love the thickness of the pizza dough- thicker than traditional pizza but not quite as sicilian.

Best part- delivery was quick and my pizza was under $14.

Best tasting pizza for a cheap price, need I say more.
