My review is based on my dinner experience during Restaurant Week and unfortunately, it wasn't a very positive one. I was really feeling Italian food that night so I was happy when my group decided to go here. Sadly, I wish we had chosen someplace else because it just didn't live up.

Our group of seven walked in at promptly 7pm for our reservation. In order to seat our fairly large party, they pushed two small circular tables together. I'd say this was the first sign of the unfortunate night we were about to have. Our group was getting together to say fairwell to one of our friends' that was moving, but we couldn't even talk to her because of the way the tables were set up. We were oddly seated and the people at one table couldn't talk to the ones sitting at the other one. Since we had made a reservation, it would have been nice if prior seating arrangements had been made by the restaurant and one of their rectangular tables was provided to accommodate us all.

As for the food, I ordered Mozzarella Al Basilico for my first course (buffalo mozzarella with peppers and basil), Funghi Trentino for my second course (mushrooms in a garlic and olive oil sauce), Ravioli Alla Viola for my main (lobster ravioli in a vodka sauce), and Cannoli Cake for dessert. The first two items were just okay. The mushrooms really lacked in presentation and I was really surprised at how ordinary they tasted. Although the main course was good, it wasn't very memorable. The Cannoli Cake was definitely the highlight of my meal. It was moist and rich, and there was a sufficient amount of cannoli cream. Although I was tempted to finish it all on the spot, I took about half of it home with me which made for a really great sweet treat the next day.

Although the seating and food added to the reason why I was disappointed with this restaurant, the service is really what frustrated me the most. The staff was very friendly, but there were numerous times when things were forgotten. My one friend had to ask for a cup of tea about three times before actually receiving it. We were given olive oil right at the start of our meal, however, they never provided us with bread. To add to this, the service was extremely slow. When we asked for bread we were told that they were still baking it. We weren't actually served it until about halfway through our meal. It also took a long time for us to receive all of our dishes.

In my opinion, Restaurant Week is a great time for businesses to put their best foot forward in regards to service. Since customers are choosing off of a limited menu, I would think that food can be prepared quickly, however this wasn't at all the case at La Viola. If this is what I can expect for future visits, I'm in no hurry to return.
Spectacular food, great service and a wonderful and romantic ambience. A wonderful restaurant and I will definitely return.
I used to be charmed by La Viola, but as Catherine L. points out, it is a "BYOB for beginners." 

Last month, I arrived early to a 7 p.m. reservation on a Saturday night. The reservation was in one of my girlfriend's names, but the hostess searched in vain to find it. Eventually, I was told "that's okay" and I was seated at a tiny four top by the window. I was happy that our placement by said window meant that we would only be sitting on top of each other, versus the other diners, but I hated feeling like I had gotten the second degree as though we didn't really have a reservation. 

When my friends arrived, servers bustled around us to open wine bottles and drop warm bread. For starters, we ordered mussels in the two different ways they were being offered, as well as an antipasto salad. I skipped the mussels and stuck with the salad, which was nicely sized and served over a tangy vinaigrette. 

By the time our mains came along, I'll admit I was pretty hopped up on wine. I had ordered a chicken and shrimp dish, which came with veggies and potatoes. Perhaps it was a bit gauche, but when one of the servers came over to offer fresh Parmesan, I accepted. "You want cheese... on your chicken?" the waiter smirked. I tried to reverse my decision, but the waiter gave me my cheese, as I sat there feeling admonished. 

I thought the food was good, but it certainly wasn't anything to rave about. There wasn't anything about the experience that made me feel like La Viola should come up in the rotation more frequently, if at all. The most redeeming part of the meal was the price. We got out of there for less than $25 per person, including tax and tip, although we skipped dessert. 

This is the place you send your college-aged cousin who wants a dinner in the city experience on a budget.
I loved La Viola.  Here is a list of things that should have annoyed me but didn't:

1. It was ridiculously crowded.  The couple next to us was so close that they could not only clearly hear our conversation, they were dangerously close to being elbowed every time I aggressively placed my fork into something on my plate(which is the only way I eat).

2. It was loud...to the point where I was communicating across my table via text message.  This didn't annoy me because I found the concept hilarious.

Now, onto other things....

A very reasonably priced, delicious Italian BYO in center city.  What more could you ask for?

The bread/oil brought out before the meal was very good.

The mussels appetizer was marinated in a delicate white wine sauce and I enjoyed it.

My entree was a veal dish topped with crabmeat in a veal sauce.  It tasted every bit how it should.

This is a fantastic place for a business dinner or a date(unless you absolutely need a very quiet place to have dinner....but I encourage you to think about it this way- if you have to lean closer to your date to hear them talk, you can use that proximity to your romantic advantage. The More You Know.)
BYOB for beginners.  That's all.

Always overbooked, even when their new outpost across the street accommodates more.  Even if you have a reservation, you'll still wait a while.  They insist on stuffing everyone in their tiny dining space so that you're practically eating in someone else's lap.  I have been to a slew (yes, a slew!) of BYOBs in the city and Viola is the worse by far in that respect.  

Service is just okay, sometimes forgetful- very average.  The turnaround is quite substantial - and they keep packin' em in and what suffers ultimately here is the quality of the food.  Simply speaking, it just ain't that good.

In a city of Italian eateries galore, Viola only survives because of its BYOB status and because you know, the food was good once and affordable, and now, well it's only affordable.  

Lots of big parties, with young, eager new diners with their mega-huge bottles of Yellowtail Chardonnay and Merlot - it's BYOB dining for the new set on a budget.  People keep returning here, and as long as they do, where's the incentive for Viola to change anything?
Evaluating Italian Restaurants in Philadelphia is an exercise in futility.  On any given night, there could be ten number #1's.  The market is saturated with tasty Italian grubbetry, so what's the point of debating?  Not to mention, questioning a native Philadelphian's favorite Italian is more or less akin to questioning their belief in God...or Obama.

Philadelphia gets a lot of heat for being a terrible place, and in some limited respects, I have to agree (e.g. No matter how much I love Philly, I do have to concede that the recent Homeless People bathing in the Love Park fountain trend is a legitimate blemish on my fair city), but there are certain arenas that we dominate in an indisputable fashion - Sports Fandom, Cheesesteaks, Trash Talk, Fixed Gear Bikes, Pabst Blue Ribbon, and, most importantly, Italian Cuisine.

Thus, my intent is simply to talk about my personal favorite Italian spot in the city...La Viola.  No grand proclamations, just one man's opinion (which if you ask my girlfriend, doesn't amount to much).

I'd be remiss if I didn't start my post with everybody's favorite fixture at La Viola.  The Little Guy.  I don't know his name, I don't know what magical land he comes from, but I love him and I would do anything to take him home with me.  Sublimely expert in his dispensation of the positive vibes, I routinely find myself drifting off into a world of bliss as he lists the specials in his famously sing-song accent.  Pasta with red sauce you say?  Sounds divine!

I always go for the Tomato Mozzarella starter (it's not on the menu but they've got it, I promise).  It's a great way to start a meal.  Satisfy my immediate hunger without overpowering my entrée.  As far as this traditional dish goes, no one does it better than La Viola in my book.  Simple & Fresh.  The Mozzarella is always delicious and as a man of Scottish-English descent if there's one thing I know, it's good Mozzarella.  

For entrée, I always go with the ravioli.  No matter where I am, if they're on the menu, they're going in my face.  I guess, I'm just a ravioli guy - skinny, but slowly becoming sort of fat, like a turtle out of its shell - and for my dollar, there is no better ravioli for the price than the Ravioli Alla Viola.  Lobster stuffed, smothered in a pink cognac sauce, these are the tops.  Forget any plans you had to tear up the dance floor at Pure late-night, because you'll need a nap after this carb-heavy feast.

People always ask me, so the food is good, so what?  The Little Guy is cute, who cares?  Lots of places have good Italian food and interesting little people.  What makes La Viola a favorite?  

Well, I'll tell what makes it different - A natural phenomenon that seems to be entirely unique to the 253 South 16th Street region.  Somehow, over the years, it's become the Official Philadelphia Girl's Night Out Birthday Celebration Headquarters.

Every, single time I go here, the place is oozing with alcohol-infused, estrogen-inspired, birthday mayhem.  And I mean, MAYHEM.  Tables filled with ladies, Max Azria and plastic tiaras everywhere.  The sheer level of noise is incredible.  At a certain level of drunkenness, it would seem that all girls become incapable of controlling the volume of their voice.  I'm convinced that there is some bizarre Aboriginal ingredient in Yellow Tail Chardonnay that transforms the ladies into helpless victims of some form of cochlear sabotage.  

Whether it's the Real Housewives of OC Vicki-style "Wooooooo" or the mildly more creative "Woooooo Hooooo" or my personal favorite, the ear-splitting, "Yeeeeeeee", at some point, the girls WILL involve you in their celebrations and you WILL enjoy it.  

It's this share-everything, family-style atmosphere that keeps me coming back.  For a guy that hates people but loves gatherings, this is my favorite kind of scene.  

Thank You La Viola!  And, in the eternal words of Oprah, You Go Girls!  

PS  Fellas, should you encounter the aforementioned scenario, man up, spit a little cross-table game, and take a birthday girl home because if you don't, you can be sure the Little Guy will.
La Viola was real hip about 10 years ago when I was a single gal and the idea of a BYOB on Rittenhouse with my girlfriends on a Saturday night before clubbing (oy) just sounded so darn fancy. We probably thought we were in an episode of "Sex And The City".  Oh, to be young and naive. I have since matured and so has my palette. La Viola just doesn't cut it anymore. In fact, I'm a tad shocked it's still around. Sorry if that's harsh, it's just that there are some really cutting edge restaurants out there, even in the area nowadays and this kind of pales in comparison.  

The food is slightly better than average Italian, which if I'm carb-loading, it better be truly fantastic! It's classic Italian fare with a few minor twists here and there. 
 
The place is tiny and unless you're at a corner round by the front window or outside in nice weather, you're kinda, sorta sitting on everyone else. I have yet to dine at their location across the street, but opening that up was certainly a smart move, logistically. 

Wait service is good and the BYOB aspect is a plus. Other than that, ehh, I don't know. There are much better places. Much better Italian places. Much better BYOBs. Maybe because I've tried it several times and the trendy aspect of the place is gone? I say you certainly can find better.
All of the yelpers are pretty spot on with this joint.  When the boy suggested that we do an Italian BYOB on our trip up to Philly to see the NIN concert I, of course, turned to Philly Yelp for insight.  Lo and behold, La Viola turned up as a solid Italian BYOB and was open until 2300 hours on a Friday night.  It was on.

Cozy, cramped quarters where you're pretty much sitting elbow-to-elbow with other (often Italian-speaking) diners next to you.  Fortunately, we arrived circa 2230 and the place had pretty much cleared out, so we had a giant table toward the back (or as back as it gets in their little dining space) all to ourselves.

The wines that I'd pulled out of my stash of Linden Vineyards stuff worked out incredibly well, and I think the wine made the meal more than anything else.

The bread that everyone else raved about was totally charred for us.  Unimpressive - I had a piece before giving up.  The Vitello Alla Viola I ordered had a great rich sauce with savory 'shrooms and crunchy prosciutto sliced more like pancetta than the thinly shaved prosciutto I'm used to.  The veal itself was surpassingly tender, but didn't seem to have any flavor on its own.  Moderately priced at $15 - I certainly wouldn't consider it a steal, but completely acceptable.

I think the star of the evening was the ricotta cheesecake paired against our Linden Vidal Riesling.  The light sweetness of the ice wine matched the savory richness of the cheesecake, and by that point I was already pretty toasted off of the half bottle of red that we polished off with our entrees.  It almost helped to placate my annoyance at the server presuming we wanted our second bottle of wine put in a plastic bag to go, instead of offering to serve it.  Yeah - we get the message - you want to go home.  Do your job.

They did redeem themselves by chasing us down on the street to return the bottle opener that we'd brought with us and accidentally left.  Up until that point, I was solidly in the three stars camp.  Acts of kindness like that should count for something, yeah?
I went there because the restaurant had such good reviews here.

The food was okay, nothing to complain about there. The atmosphere pleasant in the converted tenement apartment. 

I would have given this place at least three stars originally, but then something truly annoying and messed up happened to my brother and I during dessert.

We were the last table for the night and most of the staff was outside chit-chatting and smoking cigarettes. One of the waiters asked us if we wanted dessert. My brother ordered the tartouffa (sp?). 

The waiter comes back out with chocolate cake. That is an innocent mistake. We told him we didn't order that. He went back to the kitchen which is less than 20 feet away and starts yelling "This 'maricone' wants the tartouffa now!" 

If the place were crowded, maybe we wouldn't have been able to hear him or make out so clearly what he said. But this "pendejo" thought he could get away with that. Maybe because we are Asian and he assumed we wouldn't speak English or Spanish well enough to "comprender."

We got into an argument with the waiter and the kitchen staff who assured us "he didn't say nothing."  

The owner was equally unhelpful when we tried to explain what happened. "These guys just joke around in the kitchen." That is in and of itself fine. I understand, I've worked in plenty of restaurants with Mexican kitchen staff. But I have never let the horseplay or wordplay move outside of the circle of me and them -- the insults are saved for each other, not the paying customers. 

I will not be going back to this place again and I wouldn't suggest it for anyone wanting a nice peaceful insult-free meal.
Came in to this intimate, fancy, and yet still casual BYOB early evening tonight for a quick dinner and was very pleased with the whole experience, especially since I was finally able to eat Italian from a white linen table without leaving a USSR shaped wine/sauce stain behind. 

Started with a bowl of the soup of the dy, a tomato and bell pepper puree that could have used a bit more depth, but was just right for dipping that complimentary and crusty Italian bread; i didn't love it, but how can anyone not like a bell pepper soup. 

Main courses arrived with the delivery of my Orecchiette Alla Romana, or shell shaped pasta tossed with chicken, sausage, and mushrooms in a white wine garlic sauce with french plum tomatoes, and the lady's (insert pasta dish name here), or twisty pasta in a creamy tomato sauce (vodka?) with sausage, beans, and possibly truffle oil (I swear I tasted it, and if I did, it really set the dish off and made the meal). I found my selection to be quite excellent, with equal portions of all ingredients and a very tasty sauce. If I were forced to complain about anything, it would be that it could have used a little more of those shells. I'd also complain that the "shells" resembled flaccid nipples more than shells to me, being dime sized and sand dollar shaped, but I still very much enjoyed them. The lady also loved her food, but as you can see, I don't remember much about it other than what was already mentioned (perhaps due to all the nipples on my mind).

Speaking of nipples, it seems Michael W's birthday claims are spot on, because there were two 8 tops seated while I ate, and both were stocked with bubbly women heavily laden with pastel gift bags and magnums of wine; I was with my lady, so I left all those septuagenarians for the next fellow.

Finished off with the chocolate mousse chocolate cake and we thoroughly enjoyed it. If you'd like to taste it vicariously through me, think back to the old days when Tasty Kake used ingredients instead of chemicals. Now imagine one of their chocolate cupcakes five times as big, maybe three times as moist, and at least twice as dark and rich. Add in an extra layer of the icing, then pipe some delectably creamy mousse into the center, and you might have an idea of why I was licking the plate.

Also, well done to the busboys and waiters for keeping my ice water filled at all times; being one of my favorite drinks, I usually need at least a half gallon when dining and they were happy to oblige.
Oh La Viola. You embody all that I love about Philadelphia restaurants: BYO, interesting characters as servers, well priced, and so packed you basically sit on the lap of the person next to you. Viola makes it possible for anyone to afford a date night, and get entertainment for free.
The meals are hearty and delicious. But save room for dessert, they are decadent and heavy, but so good you can't pass them up. 
Note: it is cash only, so make sure to hit an ATM on the way!
My veal pomodoro might have been the worst meal I have had in a long time.  That being said, the lobster ravioli was delicious, the rack of lamb was a huge portion and the roasted salmon was tasty too.

I think the restaurant is way too cramped.  It is beyond "cozy" to the point of making it difficult to get out of certain seats without having your entire party get up.  It was kind of fun, but kind of not.

They also overbook, so be prepared to wait even if you have a reservation.  I've been to way too many good BYOs in Philly to warrant more than 2 stars.
Very cozy, byob, cash only Italian joint. Food here is good, service excellent! It's a small place, and very intimate atmosphere. Because of its coziness and authentic Italian food, this spot is very romantic. My favorite dishes are the lamb (they only have it sometimes as a special), and linguine frutti di mare. My husband has tried their lobster ravioli and tilapia special which he also likes. Their desserts are good, but not great. Love the service here! The servers are very attentive. The manager, hostess, and entire staff make you feel welcomed.
Crowded? um that would be a big YES. 

And I don't mean crowded as in it was a full restaurant, I mean crowded as in it was a FULL restaurant with mere inches between tables and narrow walkways for waiters! Insanity!!! 

But very tasty, and the people were all really friendly, so the crowded thing was actually kind of fun.  Though the dishes seemed small when they came out, they were MORE than filling, and very very tasty.

One thing though, my lobster ravioli didn't really seem very lobstery. I looked inside one of them and I would swear it was just cheese, tasted like it too.  I have had lobster ravioli before and it is delicious and noticeably lobstery.  Not so for this one.  So several points off for giving me cheese ravioli when you are charging for lobster, but man--it was so tasty--I kind of don't care!

I don't know that I would come back, but it was a wonderful night out on the town spot for a nice meal when visiting the city.
Possibly the worst dining experience ever. 

I have been to La Voila twice before and always considered it a nice byo and have recommended it to many people.

However, last evening changed all of that! We had a large party and were sat in the basement party area.  When making the reservation my friend knew in advance about the prix fixe menu. I have food allergies so she inquired if I could order from the regular menu if the prix fixe menu didn't have anything I could eat. They said 'no problem'. 

We get to the restaurant and I look over the prix fixe- I can't eat any of it. So I request the regular menu and was told no. I explained that we had asked when making our reservation and after a little bit was allowed to order from the main menu. I decided on a salad and two appetizers. When it was my turn to order I was told I could only order from the prix fixe- I told them AGAIN that I could not eat any of the offerings.  I then requested  a salad and two appetizers and was told NO! you get only one! In the rudest of voices. I ended up being  charged $35 for $16 dollars worth of food.

The food- my salad was bland. The mussels were terribly over cooked so much so the shells were breaking down into the mussels and broth. And served lukewarm.  

Bread- a table of 22 people was served 2 baskets of bread.  We requested more bread- from SIX different people. No one would give us more bread- isn't bread a staple of every italian restaurant?!?! After over an hour and asking 6 people we finally were given an additional basket. Forget about seconds.

Dessert- I get it. We brought our own cake. The prixe fixe menu included dessert. They did not serve us dessert yet... still charged us...of course!  i ordered a cup of coffee and it never arrived. 

Paying the bill... although their website states "ALL MAJOR CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED."  they would only accept cash... 

I really have nothing positive to say about this place. I will never recommend it again- no matter how accommodating they are on the phone. The food is mediocre and the service is deplorable.  Who leaves a restaurant having spent $35 + tax + tip still hungry?!?! This place maybe a victim of its own popularity....
My boyfriend and I love going to BYO's. Every weekend, we sit around throwing out ideas for new ones to visit... and half the time we inevitably settle on La Viola for the umpteenth time. 

Appetizers: Even though the mushroom salad doesn't sound like anything great, you can't go wrong with 3 kinds of mushrooms soaked in buttery goodness. 

Pastas: Orechiette with garlic and sausage is perfectly chewy and flavorful - just the right amount of meat and vegetables for a pasta meal. Lobster ravioli is great - the pink sauce is milder and less creamy than a lot of other lobster ravioli's i have had. 

Entrees: I normally don't order their meats but the veal medallions (ala Viola) are very tender and flavorful. 

Even though they have opened a newer restaurant with a larger space and the same menu across the street, I still like going to the original. Something about squeezing in inches next to your dining neighbor appeals to me... or maybe it's just because the dishes are $1-2 cheaper than the new place.
I'm so glad I found this place. I came for a romantic Sunday evening with my girlfriend and left completely content. 

The main draws: BYO, authentic Italian feel. We shared an outstanding bottle of wine (a gift from an Italian doctor) with no corkage fee, and I'm sure my girlfriend didn't mind being doted upon by a troupe of handsome young Italian men. We were seated in a cozy corner at the back, away from most of the other couples, which may not have been possible on a busier night, but it was perfect. The bread they started us with was delicious, and was refiled promptly and graciously. The server was so friendly and charming, without being overbearing or intrusive.

We began our meal with the antipasto platter, which was sort of odd-looking but tasted excellent (although I would have preferred harder cheeses). I ordered the veal with a white wine sauce, while my girlfriend had the orecchiette. The veal was very tender, with a fragrant, tart sauce, and the orecchiette were tasty, although not what we were expecting (they were extremely savory and rich). We shared a slice of tiramisu for dessert, which we will probably skip next time, as it was only average. 

The best part? Our bill was incredibly low for the meal we had just eaten; under $50. The only part I was sorry about was that we had to leave.
A wonderful mom-n-pop BYOB featuring some simple, delicate, and very savory Italian dishes!  The food is cheap and the service is great!  It does get a bit crowded, so definitely make reservations!  Get the Pollo Marco Polo - it's awesome!  And the dolce here is amazing as well...  Definitely worth saving some room for some kick ass DARK SIDE OF THE MOON or homemade Ice cream / sorbets!
Wonderful!  They seriously have their shit together [in both locations].  Personally I prefer the East restaurant, but either way it is certainly my favorite Italian BYOB in Philly.  It's really affordable, they have great specials, and it's just so cute!  I've dined in the East restaurant a few times with one other guest (it's too crammed for larger parties) and I've also been to the West restaurant for a couple birthday dinners and that's been great too.  The servers are warm, responsive, and extremely nice people.  They make me feel like I'm part of their family.  I rarely ever eat Italian food, but La Viola definitely gets it.
Mom says when you turn the ipod volume up past half way you're gonna end up a deaf fuck. I'm on my way, and I really know it at La Viola. But I guess that's what you have to pay for inexpensive and delicious fare, (yes San Franciscans those words can be combined once in awhile). Philadelphias, mark my word you are a lucky folk esp. when Monk's is across the street.

My family has been going to this restaurant since it opened. Funny enough my dad lost his hearing aid here and has banned us to go here ever since. Equally funny enough I had once of the best steaks of my life on the night that this occurred. A fat gigantic steak cooked medium rare covered with bernaise or a cheese equivalent. I saw god, and though I don't remember who I was dating then or what I was wearing I certainly remember what I was eating that day. Bravo. 

Tonight, years later, I had yet another equally tender steak coupled with what I was told was a so so lobster ravioli in a pink creme sauce (years ago a waiter had advised me against what I thought was the menu's key player). I was in a good boat, especially since I saw it just after seeing MILK and thought that perhaps there was something self righteous about each bite I took ( join PROP 8 campaign stop feigning liberalism when you keep sitting on your ass you hipster bitch). ANYWAY........

The pastas the steaks, and the oh so rare and delicious GRILLED calamari are reason enough to grace the doors of this establishment. BUT might I add that it's BYOB. That's something for the napa folks to suck their tongue around. Yes indeed.
Great food, fast service. BYO, so no expensive alcohol to buy. Not too pricey. There are many other Italian restaurants 

The staff will accommodate special requests as well. My parents are vegetarian and they made dishes to order without meat. I appreciated the personal touch.
Old school Italian restaurant...right down to the table in the corner with six older gentlemen in shark skin suits, gold chains and slicked back jet black hair that gets dyed weekly.  Nothing like atmosphere to make a restaurant feel authentic.  With that crowd comes fantastic, old school service as the owners of this restaurant clearly place a high premium on treating their patrons as if they were guests in their home.  White table cloth setting...very intimate and romantic setting.  FYI - the restaurant has a very limited number of tables and tables might be too close to each other for some people. They have opened a second location across the street.

Food was nicely done with a mix of classic pasta dishes with fresh summer vegetables, daily specials and most (not all) of your classic Italian dishes.  Mussels in red sauce were excellent followed by cappellini with prosciutto di parma and peas.

Quick reminder that this place is BYOB.
We picked up a tasty Grenache at the wine and spirits store down the street, and were lucky, unfashionably early enough, to walk in without a reservation. La Viola is dim, and warm, and filled to capacity with a diverse crowd. We had to squeeze ourselves into the center of two other two-tops, but everyone was friendly and generous about getting up to let us slip by. We began the meal with a basket of very hot, very crusty homemade french bread with an balsamic vinegar, fresh rosemary and olive oil dipping bowl. I started with the Funghi Trentino. Mushroom lover that I am, I was in heaven. The prima portion was huge enough that I was able to share, and mopped up all the delicious sauce at the end with another slice of bread, just because I couldn't help myself.

I ordered the Gnocchi Al Filletto Di Pomodoro, a homemade spinach gnocchi with tomato basil sauce and fresh ricotta cheese. Gnocchi, delicious gnocchi.The pasta was startlingly light and pillowly, perfectly sauced, and salty ricotta chunks, sliced and eaten with every bit, added just enough bite. I finished with a dark coffee, black, and a few bites of the house tiramisu. I'm not really into dessert, but compared to the rest of the meal, dessert with only "good."

At it's affordable, BYOB prices, and with such delicious, comforting Italian food and impeccable service (especially in such a tight space) I understand why La Viola has loyal regulars.
Went here for a birthday dinner with 9 other people. My friend that organized it had some issues making a reservation (how hard is it to take a reservation?) She ended up on the phone with this woman on two different occasions and even when she got there, she claimed my friend never made a reservation on the phone...we ended up with a table anyway, but honestly...

Other than that, we had a good experience. The service was great, they were very on top of everything and we got all of our dishes out very quickly - even with such a large party. 

I wasn't impressed at all by my salad. It was a special that wasn't at all special. Now that I mention it, everyone's salads were very bare and didn't look like anything special. 

My dinner, on the other hand, was fantastic. It was a chicken dish topped with prosciutto wrapped asparagus and a light tomato sauce. The sauce was generous and delicious. I loved it and ate every last bit of it. 

They even gave our friend a piece of delicious cheesecake and sang to her with us. 

The only weird thing about the dinner was the end of it, the servers kinda hovered around us after we finished up our coffee--kinda felt rushed to get out of there, even though there were still people in the restaurant eating and there were plenty of tables available if people had come in to eat.

For an italian restaurant in center city, it was very affordable and I would definitely go back.
I've had a lot of good meals here, so this pains me, but the last time I tried to eat here, it was inedible.  The fish was so salty that we actually had to send food back, which we never do.  Oh man, I hope it was just an off night, but it was pretty bad and with so many other good byob options in this city, I don't think I'll test that theory.
3.5 

Pros:
BYOB
Good service 
Good food
Reasonably priced 

Cons:
Small portions
Loud 

I've never had a negative experience at either location. It's a great place for large groups and the BYOB is a huge plus.
This is my first review on Yelp. I often visit here to read other people's opinions, but the servce I received last night at La Viola angered me so much that i had to vent.

I went to the restaurant with 10 other people. We had reservations. When we were seated, we could barely move and we are all THIN women. I'd rather them turn me away then have me sit like i would in a crowded basement. When i had to get up to use the bathroom, i could not becuase the table behind us was so up against us!

Now onto the service, when our waiter read outloud our specials, i was putting my camera phone away in my purse after taking pictures of our group, the waiter said to me in a VERY unpolite way "PUT YOUR PHONE AWAY"

Excuuuse me! Maybe i did not want to hear about your specials. Maybe i was putting it away. who the hell are you to tell me what to do, i thought the customer was always right!

When we ordered, my cousin just wanted a salad. The waiter looked at her with such disgust. 'how could u order just a salad in our establishment!"
then when our plates came out, it was so crowded that i tried to move some plates around to help out the same waiter who was so rude to me . he yelled at me again 'IT is hot plate!'. i tried to hand him my dish when done so he did not have to squeeze into the 1/2 ft distance we were from the other table and he said 'no rush no rush'

I felt like i was in a crowded basement. i could barely tlak to the people in my group. i was also appauled to see that they sit couples who are probably out for romantic evenings at the same tables with COMPLETE strangers.

my meal was mediocre. actually they can stick it up their viola. there are so many other BYOs in the city that would appreciate my business. i will not return.
So my BF and I went to this BYOB at 5:30 on a Wednesday night and were seated right away as there was only one other couple in the restaurant. Our waiter was very talkative ... with the hostess and the other waiters. We must've stared at him for 15 minutes (he was literally standing five feet away), waiting for him to acknowledge us and come take our order. 

We order the mushroom appetizer ... it was just alright. There just wasn't much dimension to the flavor and the texture seemed off. It seemed overcooked.

I ordered the pasta special. Holy crap, it was not good. This time, it wasn't even fully cooked.  Now I don't like mushy pasta, but I swear to God I could hear myself bite into it. The three measley shrimps on top of it were okay, though. But again, did they even bother using any sort of seasoning? I sure didn't taste it. 

You know, it was empty in that place. It wasn't like the cooks were rushing to get the dishes out to the table. A little bit more consideration into the meals would've been nice. Maybe a little better service from our waiter.

On the plus side, it's a BYOB, which I love. And the prices are very reasonable -- but if the food blows, does it even really matter? 

I'd like to think I hit this place on an "off" night, but I doubt I'll be going back to give it another try anytime soon. Luckily for us, there are much more worthy BYOBs to be had in Philly.
Whoever said it first was right- La Viola is BYO for beginners. While it's awesome to eat outside when the weather allows for it, dining in an alley where the tables are lined up so close you can hear EVERY WORD coming from the table next to yours (Hey Penn boys, cool it with the sexcapade competition, will ya?) makes the restaurant lose part of its quaint Italian feel. The service is very kind, and they'll let you sit as long as you want without pressuring for the check, but that doesn't make up for the food.

Do not get meat here, or seafood. My mom got food poisoning from her lobster ravioli and my boyfriend left the table with all of the hard, chewy pancetta still on his plate. 

Safe bets: vegetable bean soup, penne and peas (vegetarian), mushroom appetizer (delicious). 

Just keeping it real for you. Thank me later.
When my sister first told me to look up La Viola and make reservations, I admit, I was a bit skeptic after reading some not so good reviews on yelp. For time constraint, we made reservation anyway, and I can't comprehend how one has had a bad experience at La Viola after my visit! 

My experience at La Viola  was amazing. I treated my mom and sister for International Woman's Day (March 8), hey any reason to go out for dinner . Since my sister lives in Philly, we were looking for restaurants close by, we decided on La Viola and it was a great choice. We were an hour and a half late for our reservation but that was not a problem. The hostess sat us right away and with a huge smile. We had 3 appetizers, the MP fish special, the Salmon dish, and Chicken Fountain as entrees. All of the dishes were delicious!! We all loved our entrees. The service was amazing as well, we felt like royalty. To top it all of, coming from NYC, the bill was only $98 for three people. Unheard of in my book, so bring in a nice bottle of wine and go in for an amazing dinner. I assure you, you'll not be disappointed!
Its been awhile since I've liked an Italian restaurant, given that the bf is an EXcellent chef of pasta - but this place is fabulous! A first fave of mine in Philly. The decor is nice..a small SF-esque place that made me feel right at home. Not that I'm Italian at all (what, with being 5 ft tall and having squinty eye) (don't be shocked, i can be racist about my own kind -- but YOU can't!! ha ha) but it felt very Italian. Probably because I could barely understand that waiters due to heavy Italian accents. (though my friend said it was a Russian accent...ehh same difference) 

GET IT: 
--Mussels: I don't even really like mussels but the wine sauce they come in is great. (The empty-of-mussels-bowl was kept through the whole meal for the sauce+bread combo)
--Calamari: Grilled, not fried. Comes with a fresh tomato bruschetta type topping
--Penne a la Vodka: I think this is the BEST penne+vodka sauce I've had (though bf's is very close..heh). I think better than Patsy's in NY, which is pret-ty darn yums. 

BYOB is freaking awesome. I love that so many places are BYOB here so that I don't hafta spend an extra $10-$20...-$30-$40...on glasses/bottles of wine. And overall, this place is totally affordable. Go Philly!
La Viola is good, but nothing I'm dying to run back to.  It's a great spot when you're looking for a nice BYOB (white tablecloths, fancy ambiance) in Rittenhouse Square, but service can be brusque and some dishes are a miss (while others are definitely a hit).  The crowd tends to be on the older side, lots of lovely grannies, to accompany the 20-somethings who are looking for affordable Italian.  
They'll seat your large group, but expect to rub elbows with your friends on the left and right while waiters bumping into you throughout dinner.
A few of my friends and I grabbed dinner here on a Friday evening when we couldnt get into the BYOB we wanted to go to. The five of us sat outside with a few bottles of wine and tried to figure out the crowd. It seemed to be a lot of very young kids, college students, drunk girls, not really a crowd I enjoyed very much. The wait staff was a little rough and not really very talented. Im not sure if they are used to waiting on the drunken and young crowds that we were sitting near or what, but they didnt make the meal all that pleasant.

I think I was the only one of our party that liked my meal. I didnt however really like our appetizers. We ordered the grilled calamari and the mussels in spicy broth. The mussels were ok. Nothing to write home about, but not bad either. The broth was pretty good. I dipped a lot of bread in it and chowed down on that since the calamari was so bad. It was so bitter from the grill it was almost inedible. I like a good char as much as anyone, but not when it tastes like a dirty grill.

As I mentioned, I think I was the only one in my group that liked their entree. I ordered the fettuccine al salmone which was fettuccine pasta with salmon in a brandy cream sauce.Againt, it wasnt the best pasta I have had, but it wasnt bad and for 17 bucks I thought it was pretty reasonable. The flavor was good from the large amount of black pepper in the sauce and the flavor of the sauce was pretty good. I did get to try my fiance's vitello carcioffi or veal in white wine sauce with artichoke and sun dried tomatoes. Nothing was seasoned properly, and the sauce was pretty watery. I really didnt care for it. 

The whole experience was pretty underwhelming and in a city of incredibly quality BYOB's, this one just left me saying...MEHHHHHH.
Poor La Viola; she falls under the category of mediocre Italian BYO. As soon as you have dined at amazing Italian BYOs in the city of Philadelphia, the rest fall by the wayside.
La Viola is just alright; from food to service to décor, everything is just a-ok.

The waiters are a bit creepy and they never smile, but they are prompt, efficient and will make sure your wine is never empty. The décor is plain, tables are close together and intimate so it makes for a loud restaurant. 

The food was mediocre. You can tell a lot from a place with its bread presentation. The bread was nothing special, however the accompaniments were fantastic (olive oil and balsamic-you cant really mess this up). I ordered the special salad as my entrée because I assumed that it is really hard to screw up a salad. The mixed greens salad was topped with walnuts, goat cheese, apples and prosciutto di parma. The flavors were fantastic together and the tangy lemon vinaigrette dressing tied the dish together. I did taste my roommate's lobster ravioli- the sauce could have been much better, it seemed like it was lacking something.
Just looking around the table I could tell that this was an Italian restaurant for people who were new to the BYO/Italian scene. There are much better places to go in the city- I will not be returning.
I went to La Viola with a large group on a Saturday night.

I eat a very low-carb diet, so having heard all of the accolades surrounding La Viola, I was excited to treat myself to some freshly homemade Italian fare (more specifically, pasta!). Let's dig in:

Penne Alla Caruso (Penne in a vodka tomato sauce, lightly creamed with peas & pancetta (salted Italian ham)): 2 out of 5
This dish, while it had great potential, sadly fell short. My chief complaint was that the penne, prepared al dente, were too lightly sauced. The other components, the peas and the pancetta, were also al dente. The pancetta was cubed and not easy to chew; it would have been much more enjoyable and fresh-tasting had the chef shaved it. Overall, the dish's components' tough textures prevented it from having the soft, comforting, "melt-it-in-your-mouth" quality that one typically instinctively associates with homemade pasta served with a creamy sauce.

Gnocchi Al Filletto Di Pomodoro (Homemade gnocchi with spinach and ricotta cheese in fresh tomato basil sauce): 2.5 out of 5
Asthetically, this dish was beautiful. Bright chunky red sauce complemented the confettied green spinach-infused gnocchi. Though the serving was on the smaller size, the dish was filling and satisfying. The acidity of the fresh tomato sauce paired nicely with the subtlety of the ricotta, which provided a platform for a harmonious hint of potato and spinach earthiness. The soft pillows of gnocchi were deliciously doughy. Again, this dish has all of the elements of success, yet it seemed to lack a punch of flavor - heat, spice, salt and pepper, something, that would have made the taste more memorable.

"Dark Side of the Moon" Cake: 3 out of 5
A chocolate lover's delight. The cake consisted of moist dark chocolate cake with two alternating layers of fluffy cocoa mousse; the top was generously frosted with a dark chocolate ganache. We ordered one for the table, but I ended up eating  60% of the massive wedge myself! It was moist, rich, and 3 kinds of awesome. This cake was the high point of our meal.

Service: 3 out of 5
Our group of 9, despite having a reservation, had to wait a little over an hour in a small, overcrowded anteroom before being seated. Once we sat down, however, the servers were friendly, attentive, and helpful.

Overall: 2.5 out of 5
Reviews hailed this place as one of the best BYOs in Philadelphia; I would argue this place is extremely overrated. Given the plethora of great Italian restaurants in Philadelphia, I wouldn't roll the dice here, head somewhere else.
Extremely busy BYOB, but worth the hassle.  Food was awesome!

The calamari was exactly something you would find in Italy - fresh, simple, and showcasing the main ingredient.  The Panne Alla Caruso - vodka sauce - was the best I've ever had.  Seriously.  Rich, velvety, and Tomato-ey, just bursting with flavor, I am salivating just thinking about it!  We also had the Vitello Alla Viola, which was everything you would want from meat in brown sauce - savory and meaty.  

The only downside is how busy the place can get.  The place is small, no bigger than a medium sized one-bedroom apartment.  To accommodate, they cram the tables together really close, so you have a lot of people in a very small space.  It's not a very romantic place, since you're losing your voice shouting to your date and straining to hear from across the table. 

But the food is worth it and the BYOB will add to the loud merriment all around.  I saw tables loaded with handles of vodka and jugs of Carlo Rossi.  Next time, I'm bringing two bottles of wine just to keep up.  

Get a reservation, but be prepared to still wait a bit.  I went on a Saturday, so if you're a local, try a weeknight instead.  Either way, the food is worth it!
Save yourself the trouble and visit this lovely little eatery on a weeknight. 

The food is every bit as good as the raving reviews but La Viola takes table-cramming to a ridiculous extreme (even for BYOBs) and is often full of SHOUTING DRUNK PEOPLE on the weekends. Last night the atmosphere was worse than usual - and this is coming from a girl who likes her nights out boozy and loud. But being seated at (basically) an 8-top with 6 raucous dudes SCREAMING AND SWILLING from their JUG OF RIPPLE was so not OK. Maybe having a dismal atmosphere on weekends is how the staff manages to turn tables so quickly? 

For the record, my gnocchi were awesome, as they always are here. I can't decide whether to give them 2 stars for the overall dining experience or 4 stars for the food, so I'm splitting the difference.
I stumbled on this place last year when I was looking for a nice place for my mom to take me to for my birthday dinner. It had some pretty good reviews and I figured, why not? It was a Monday night and the restaurant was pretty empty. I didn't care, it was nice to have the space to ourselves and not feel like we were sitting on top of each other. Besides, the staff was extremely attentive. I got the gnocchi that night and my mom got a steak special. They were both delicious and we had nothing to complain about. 

On my return visits, I've got the squid ink pasta special and the ORECCHIETTE ALLA ROMANA, which I would definitely order again. I've never had a bad experience with the staff, even when we get shoved into one of those little side tables that are in high traffic areas. 

The only reason I won't give five stars is because they pack people in there like sardines. It's not fun to be on top of each other like that, especially when you don't know the people sitting next to you!
This BYOB was awful!!! We made reservations for a party of 14 @ 9 pm... we didn't get sat till 9:30. We squeezed our way to our table and once we were at our table we could barely get in to sit at our tables. The restaurant sat 14 of us at a 10 top table. Our food plates could not all fit on the tables at the same time. We literally sat chair butted up to chair, NO ELBOW ROOM, could not even eat without bumping into your neighbor on either side. The waitstaff was reckless and forgetful, forgetting salads, entrees and spilling multiple bottles of wine all over our tables and people in the group. As we were attempting to finish up and get out of this closet of a restaurant in poured scantily dressed and blatantly underage sorority girls. They were loudly cackilling while drinking out of their obnoxious 1.75 ml of cheap wine. 
Being a bartender and waitress in the restaurant industry for many years, I found this scene of supported and allowed underage drinking offensive!!!! No respected restaurant allows girls who look 15, maybe pushing 18 to drink in their establishment. But I guess when your food is sub par and your waitstaff is aloof and unapologetic, you need to pack your restaurant full of tables and 16 yr olds.
This is the place that I recommend to friends/family when they ask me for a nice Italian place in the city. The service is beyond professional, very European manner. The food is so delicious and the menu is clean, fresh and in season. Just writing this review makes me wanna eat there tonight!
More like a 3.5, but I'll up it to 4.

--------------------

Philly's filled with Italian BYOs and one of the most attended has to be La Viola. In fact, it's so popular that a second location across the street was opened (La Viola West), where a more expanded and affordable menu is offered. 

From what I hear, the West location also accepts credit cards unlike the original Bistro location. 

The GF and I decided to go to the Bistro, mainly because we wanted to try the spinach gnocchi, which isn't offered at La Viola West. Being that it's a BYO, we brought along a bottle of prossecco. The dining area was a single room - homey and fit the bill for a Philly Italian BYO.  

Bread Service
 
Bread service entailed nice, crusty Italian bread, along with olive oil-balsamic. 

Insalata Trecolore ($9)
Radicchio, arugula, Belgian endive, shaved parmigiana, lemon dressing

The GF enjoyed the three color salad, which came with bitter radicchio, pepper arugula, Belgian endive, all lightly coated in a lemon vinaigrette and topped with huge slices of shaved parm. Not bad for under $10! 

Pepperoni Arrosti ($9)
Homemade sweet roasted peppers, Gaeta olives, anchovies, EVOO

I opted for a heartier starter of homemade sweet roasted peppers, along with briny Gaeta olives and anchovies.

Gnocchi al Filetto di Pomodoro ($14)
Homemade spinach gnocchi, ricotta cheese, fresh tomato basil sauce

Obviously, Vetri, this was not. However, the gnocchi were pillowy and imbued with a light spinach essence. The tomato sauce on top was sweet and studded with fresh ricotta. 

Penne alla Caruso ($14)
Pencil point pasta, vodka and tomato sauce, peas, pancetta

The penne were nicely al dente, with thick bits of pancetta that ate more like pepperoni. The sweet peas were a nice touch and I also appreciated that the vodka sauce didn't overly drench the pasta. But don't worry - there was plenty of leftover sauce to mop up with bread. 

Vitello Pomodoro ($18)
Breaded veal cutlet, fresh mozzarella, plum tomatoes, tomato sauce 

Sure the veal cutlet was huge, but sadly more than a bit dry and tough. Topped with mozzarella and plum tomatoes, this veal pomoro didn't do it for me. It lacked in flavor and execution. The dish also came with roasted potatoes and snap peas hidden underneath. 

Cappuccino ($3)

Faux pas be damned, the GF ended the meal with a cappuccino.

Overall, I can see why this Italian BYO is popular, especially with the younger demographic. While there were a few misses, it's affordable, the ingredients are fresh, and you get the sense that everything's homemade.
Although I use yelp frequently, this is my first review as well. I was in that same party as the previous reviewer, Eileen, and agree with everything she wrote. Well said. 
Basically, terribly overcrowded and rushed service...  and the server spilled ice water all over my sister's jacket.. WITH NO APOLOGY. It was 30 degrees outside and she had to walk with a drenched jacket. Cool.
Classic spot to go out and get a great meal in the city! Snug and cozy, you walk in and immediately get an overwhelming feeling of "home." 

BYOB, and still a place you can get dressed up and have a fancy meal.

You can't go wrong with any of their pasta dishes.

Servers are awesome, very professional and personable.
3.5

One of the best options for restaurant week as they give you a four course meal with coffee/cappuccino.   

First course - Caesar salad was delicious in a light dressing with great flavor.   The trout salad was also very tasty.    Standard Buffalo mozzarella     

Second course -  mussels in a red sauce was very good could have used a title heat.   The mushroom appetizer was fair.  The pea soup was spot on 

Third course -  the homemade pasta was cooked perfectly but lacked flavor.   The veal was fair but the lemon chicken was tasty.   Best meal was the Orecchiette Alla Romana (not pictured) due to the rich flavor and tasty combination of meats.   

Fourth course - dessert; we had one of each and they were all good.  Added plus was the coffee/cappuccino which isn't usually offered at a restaurant week.
I think one of Philadelphia's restaurant industry's strong points is that there are plenty of BYOB's. I think La Viola is one of the better ones. The service is quick and friendly; the kitchen is accomodating and the value is close to unbeatable. I had the artichoke soup (wish I was eating it right now) and the Fish of the day which was a simple dorado fillet with black olives and tomato. It was a bit on the mild side but I think my taste buds are fading due to the abuse they receive. The place is cramped but what do you expect at a BYOB? It's also a great way to meet the people sitting next to you.
So I have mixed feelings about this place. They came highly recommended so I was looking forward to checking it out. When we arrived we were greeted and sat right away, awesome. 5min later our double date friends joined us for the evening. They served us water and bread, things were great! Then 10min later they asked us if we could switch tables because a larger party came and the area we were in would fit the big group better. We were chill and agreed to move NBD. 

Once we got to the new table It was tight and I ended up pressed against the wall in a corner and the floor was uneven so my chair rocked. Strike one. 

After being seated we sat around and talked for about 15min without being helped, or given menus. They forgot about us so we had to flag down a server. They apologized and jumped right in. Strike two. 

The placed was so small and packed the server could not fit down the rows to serve us properly so he kept awkwardly reaching across the table and bumping into us. Not an enjoyable way to be served. Strike Three. 

I've been to lots of restaurants around the city... If they have to make a table change or make a mistake they usually do something redeeming. Offer us a free app or sweet treat at the end, not this place. Strike four. 

Now after I say all of that, the food was really good! I enjoyed my pesto pasta dish, and the rest of the group loved their meal as well. It was sad all the other stuff had to happen. 

Glad I checked it out. The food was good but the experience and service sucked. I probably won't be coming back. I hope Y'all have a better experience when you go. :-)
La Viola. The restaurant that has gotten me through numerous first dates. For those of us dying to get out, but are doing so on tight budgets, La Viola is great. Not only is it a BYO, but it's got a great ambiance - accommodating both girlfriends or friends who want to get out, as well as couples looking for an intimate spot - and most of the plates aren't over 14 dollars. It's a great overall Italian experience, casual but still charming, and I haven't had a dish that I didn't love.
i took my grandmother and little cousins here when they came in to town last year. It was an amazing dinner. For me. When I said good Italian, they thought pasta, sauce, breadsticks.... tsk tsk... This place had none of the standard "Olive Garden" flare, but instead had some authentic tuscan and Mediterranean food and plenty of awesome pasta, seafood, chicken and veal options. Great food for the dollar too. I'll remember to dress a little nicer next time I go. And I'll remember to bring a fancy bottle of wine.
My favorite BYOB hands down. Great service, food and staff. After 4 years in Philly, still haven't found an Italian joint that comes close.
BYOB . Make sure you go to the right one (there are two right across from each other).. Always satisfied at both! Delicious food and decent quantity to fill you right up.. Service is great! Lots of servers around to clear plates and fill up your water (and wine)

Definitely try the gnocchi :)
Definitely a winning date spot although I happened to go with the boyfriend and his family last night.  Love the linen tablecloths, knowledgeable waiter, no corkage fee, and the prices were quite reasonable - $15 for veal, $13 for most other dishes.  (I don't eat veal as I feel it is bad karma to eat tortured animals.).  They were nice enough to chill our white wine and offer to bring it out when the remainder of the table arrived.  The tiramisu was again not as good as Ernesto's - I one day aspire to create a comparable version myself - do you have a winning recipe?  I had a lovely time and will definitely go again.  CASH ONLY!
I went here with a group of friends for my best friends birthday in March. The food was great and that wait staff was very pleasant. I ordered some sort of pasta. I loved that they didnt over cook the pasta like most Italian places. Big plus. There food was good but not the kind of place that I crave going back to. For sure one of the best places I've gone to in the city but not the absolute best out there. Another plus is that it is really reasonably priced. If you are looking for an affordable genuine Italian meal definitely look into La Viola!
I keep hearing it's a great BYO spot. But realize... it's a BYO! That means you know you chose great alcohol to drink in a restaurant... doesn't mean great place to eat. La Viola frankly is terrible at making food and it's only convenient for college students to check-in without ID... which make great times when you're in college. Hurrah for the red & blue!

But going back to the food... It's bland. Honestly it tastes like they use the same sauce on every single dish. Completely flat. Not to mention the quality that is being served is coming with an asking price that shouldn't be accompanied with it. This meal mind as well be from Stouffers (and I'm not talking about the college house) microwavable meal.

My opinion, no matter where you go with friends and drinks you will most certainly always have good times. Taking that shit out of the equation and measuring LV to only the standard of food... then you're left with this rating.
Sweet little BYOB that has the friendliest waiters and the best cannoli!
Went here for restaurant week in philly. 

The food was incredible. We received a 4 course meal for $35 a person. Each dish was made with fresh and rich ingredients. 

The place is small and cozy, the way I prefer Italian restaurants. 

The food was great, the service was awesome and the prices were reasonable. Will def go back and recommend this place.
My wife and I had dinner at La Viola on Wednesday night, July 29th, before the Neko Case concert at the Kimmel Center.  We both thought the food was absolutely wonderful.  My wife ordered grilled calamari as an appetizer, and they were awesome.  I had a special salad, which was also great.  For our dinner, we shared the special fish of the night, which was a Mahi Mahi, and the special pasta.  The pasta and fish were both fabulous.  The restaurant is small, and the tables are close together, but the service was very attentive.  It is a BYOB, and they only accept cash, so be prepared.  I would definitely suggest trying La Viola, and we will be returning.
Food: excellent. I had the split pea soup and a pasta dish with a white wine sauce, sausage and mushrooms. Noodles were homemade. Dishes were great from top to bottom. No liquor or beer. It's BYOB.  Not sure about the corking fee

Service: excellent. Prompt, friendly and quick with a recommendation

Atmosphere: small, intimate. If you have a small party, your table my be very close to another group. It seems like a nice place to take a date or to have a small group of friends. 

Value: completely worth it. For how good the food was, the price was totally reasonable. They also had some veal dishes which were a little pricier, but still...good value.
This BYO could probably fit inside my studio apartment. Yes, it's noise. Yes, it's crowded. Yes, I was seated 2 inches from my neighbor. But if anything the atmosphere adds to, rather than detracts from, the food. And the staff pulls-off service in a manner that's both effortlessly graceful and incredibly efficient. 

The vodka sauce is amazing. Really! I ordered extra bread just so I could lap-up every last drop of it.
This is a small Byo in rotten house. We came in with a large party of 12 for a birthday. We had to wait for thirty minutes to be seated for the reservations , which on a Saturday I understand can be difficult. The server came out and continuously was refilling on bread and water. He was informative about the menu and was pretty good. 

I ordered the Tilapia special which was good but portions are not very big. Everyone else enjoyed the good but again the portions were not big at all for the price you pay. The salad of mixed greens was just greens and dressing - would have skipped it if I knew. Not worth it personally in my opinion for 7 dollars. We all ordered dessert and coffee also. 

The main reason for the 2 stars is because my boyfriend had ordered dessert along with everyone else and he did not get it. When mentioned to the server that he did not get it and he just wanted t taken off the bill a man from the back brought it out anyway. The woman who was fixing the. I'll to take off the dessert was yelled at in front of us about taking off the dessert from the bill. He forced my boyfriend to not only be the last one to be stuck there eating the dessert but to pay for it too. I thought it was extremely rude. Also then we felt rushed out and the server asked us to leave. We spent a lot of money in there and they rudely asked us to leave. I would not go back here.
Oh, the "Italian La's". LA Viola, LA Fontana, and Bistro LA Baia fill up each Thursday, Friday, and Saturday with college students with boxed wine in hand, attracted to the cheaper priced Italian BYO. It is a perfect place if you fit into the under 25 crowd looking for a cheaper plate of pasta to compliment your Franzia. But for those looking for great food, great service, or a great evening, the many other restaurants that make up the Philly Italian BYO scene may be a better bet.

I would bring my fraternity brothers, but not my grandmother.
If I had to dream up the perfect little neighborhood BYOB, this would be it. When I lived in Philadelphia, I probably ate at La Viola at least once a month. A classic Italian restaurant with delicious food at really wonderful prices within 15 minutes of my house. Perfection :) The waitstaff are friendly and know the regulars. The specials are amaaazing - some of the best steak I've ever eaten, which is surprising for me in an Italian restaurant. Like most of the BYOBs in Philly - the space is small. And there's lots of tables. Which has never detracted from my experience. Make sure to make reservations - this place gets packed.
I came here for dinner one night with a group of friends not knowing what to expect and was pleasantly surprised! The space is small, enough to fit maybe 7-8 parties at a time, tops, so I was glad we'd made reservations beforehand. When the waiter brought out the menu, I wasn't particularly wowed by anything, but luckily the specials sounded more appealing! I was between the sable scallops and shrimp dish and the shrimp and chicken pasta special, but opted for the latter (see photos). To be honest, I wasn't expecting much so I was pleasantly surprised when the food came out. My pasta dish was hot, creamy, and super flavorful! The noodles were perfectly al dente, the sauce rich, and the shrimp cooked perfectly. Only 4 stars because the pistachio gelato we got for dessert had zero flavor and the restaurant is REALLY loud - I could barely hear the guy sitting directly across from me. It's a really chaotic space in general so I wouldn't come here for a romantic night out, but great for a wild, larger party!
Really reliable Center City Italian BYO with consistently good, simply prepared food, folksy, genial waitstaff and very affordable prices. They opened a second space across the street, La Viola West, a year ago to accommodate the customer demand, but you pay more for similar food and gaudy decor. It's become perennially hard these days to get a table at the original w/o a reservation, b/c of its proximity to Monk's.)
La Viola was delicious and everything I would want in an Italian restaurant and a dinner out on the town!

La Viola is a BYOB restaurant that only accepts cash, but don't let that stop you from dining at this cozy restaurant.  Yes, the seating is tight and you are really close to the next table, but that is really half the charm in this restaurant.

The food really is spectacular and honestly, four days later I still have the Orecchiette Alla Romana on my mind!  

For starters, we had the Caesar Salad.  It was delicious.  The romaine lettuce was crisp, cool and refreshing.  The dressing was  full of garlic- not too much anchovy- and perfectly garnished the lettuce to make a refreshing salad.  We also had the Grigliata de Calamari.  Unfortunately, it was strongly flavored with olives which is not a favorite of ours.  Our waiter very kindly removed the charge from our bill even though there was nothing really wrong with the Calamari; it was just a personal preference thing.

For our meal, we had the Orecchiette Alla Romana that I mentioned earlier.  It was fabulous.  The chicken was succulent and the sausage added a nice light spice to the dish.  The mushrooms gently flavored the sauce and was the perfectly divine.  We also had the Penne Alla Caruso which is a penne pasta in a light creamy tomato/vodka sauce.  Yum!

The wait staff was attentive though they did not rush us.  The hostess was charming and very friendly.  I felt as if I had been dining at La Viola my entire life- as if we were one of the family!
This review is for their Restaurant Week lunch - came here with 6 coworkers and 5 bottles of wine. We had a GREAT lunch and appreciated La Viola's extensive entree choices (pastas, veal, chicken and 2 fish dishes) and full portion sizes.  I chose the grilled calamari appetizer (nicely charred and topped with a flavorful chopped tomato, onion garlic, but a bit on the rubbery side) and seafood risotto entree, filled with clams, mussels, pieces of perfect salmon and cooked in an excellent white wine tomato broth - SO good.  Dessert was a big square of lovely, homemade tasting tiramisu.  We were all pleasantly stuffed and happy.  At $20 pp and byob, this is one of the tastiest and best value RW lunches I've been to.
I never write reviews so it goes to say something that I am writing one about La Viola. First of all, the restaurant is incredibly tight and uncomfortable. This was proven when one of the people I went to dinner with had the juice from a dinner poured down her back when a waiter was trying to hand the dinner to someone. This happens of course occasionally but they didn't even try to clean her up or offer anything for doing this to a person who spent hours getting ready for New Years Eve. 

To put the icing on the cake, the waiter rushed us the entire time because they overbooked the reservations. We were there for an hour and the waiter asked us to finish up because another group was waiting for our table. We only had our dessert for a few minutes. It was terrible customer service overall and I would never recommend anyone to go here.
Not THE best Italian ever, but delish nonetheless.

The bread was warm and crunchy in just the right spots (insert sexual joke here).  My Cesar salad was mediocre, but my gnocchi was heavenly.  I feel like they kind of skimped on the portion size, considering how large the damn plate was.  My tartufo was AMAZING.  When you put chocolate AND ice cream together, I'm pretty much a total sucker (insert additional sexual joke here).

The tables are quite small, and I challenge you to eat dinner with 8 other family members, fit 2 bottles of wine, wine and water glasses, appetizer and entree plates without feeling ridiculously cramped.  The service was pretty wonderful- very on top of their shit.

It was really crowded on this Wednesday night between 730-830.  I'm unsure if it was because families were indulging on pre-Thanksgiving get-togethers like mine- or if it's like this on every Wednesday.  Either way, it would probably be a more a pleasant experience minus most of the people and the loud conversations.

+1 though for their BYOB rule.  And thank god my cousins from California know how to chose their wines....
My cousins happiest night of her life took a drastic turn when la viola kicked us out. There was no time limit when the reservation was made. It was a celebratory engagement dinner. One of the staff came over and literally said "you're over staying your welcome" not a sir we have tables waiting if you could leave at your earliest connivence. There is a polite way to say it's time to leave and this is not it. It was not a loud crowd and our intimate celebration was ruined by the staff of la viola.
This place is top notch. The service is excellent. The servers are friendly and attentive.  The food is authentic.  Every dish is delicious; my favorite is the mussels. You can't go wrong with a byob! It is also in a great part of town. Walkable, safe.
The food here was good, the servers were amazing, the hostess approach was very appalling.
We were at the establishment for approximately an hour and a half still finishing up with dessert when she asked not ONCE, not twice, but THREE times if we were done. This ruined our experience here, we felt uncomfortable and unwelcome, would rather pay for liquor than to be rushed out of this establishment.
Took my brother and his fiancee here to celebrate their engagement, and despite the recent negative press (see the recent gay Philly bashing), I've been wanting to try this place - I am glad I did! I was aware of the cash only policy, so make sure you bring enough for a reasonably priced meal. Since they had literally just gotten engaged that evening, I failed to produce any alcohol for the BYO portion of this place, so I will make sure that I am fully loaded when I next come in.

The waitstaff was very professional and willing to work with my brother's fiancee's gluten allergy - they actually let her craft her own dish! I had the Orrechiette Alla Romana, and it was absolutely delicious. My brother had a salmon based dish, and although I forget the actual name, it was excellent. Likewise, the risotto dish my brother's fiancee ordered was great.

The only qualm I had with this place was the brusqueness of the FOH staff. They might be professional, but they were not quite welcoming.
I will be up front that my last visit to La Viola was over a year ago, but it is still clear enough in my mind that it necessitates a review.

If this review were on the food alone, it would easily be at least four stars.  On several visits, the half dozen or so dishes that I tasted were all excellent.  Unfortunately, the service and atmosphere were consistently dismal.  My table was rarely available at the reserved time, the hostesses and some (but not all) servers have had an aloof attitude, and they have crammed SO many tables into their space that the experience is downright unpleasant.  

The final straw came when my husband and I, who were seated across from each other at a string of "tables for two" spaced so closely together that they were essentially a long banquet, had a party of six seated around us such that two of the new party were on one side of us and the other four were on our other side!  When we suggested to our waiter that we would like to switch positions with the "two" of the party of six, he obliged but added an eye roll and a sigh.

I get that BYOBs with good food are very popular, but there is no excuse for overbooking your restaurant so that reserved tables are not available 30 minutes after the fact and cramming people in like cattle.  I rejoice that I have reached a point in my life where I am able and willing to simply pay for my wine and enjoy a nice dinner in peace.
A first-time visitor to Philly, I had been walking around for quite awhile, looking for a place to eat dinner. I was lost in every sense. I didn't know where I was. I didn't know where I was going. No map, no Yelp, no help.

Restaurants were either too expensive for my lowly student income or inappropriate for a day spent with all that is beautiful at the Philadelphia Museum of Art. Until I came across La Viola.

After just hearing the specials of the day, I needed to listen no more. I promptly ordered the mixed greens salad with prosciutto, sliced plums, and blue cheese and the rib-eye steak with rosemary garlic butter. Everything was fresh, well-portioned, and delicious. All of the staff here are very courteous and responsive. My waiter was one of the most best I've ever met; his style a balance between confidant and professional. The ambiance was intimate, candle-lit, happy.

La Viola turned out to be the perfect ending to a perfect day.
I lived across the courtyard from La Viola for a year and a half. Let's just say our building was infested with mice and cockroaches, and that the workers frequently left shrimp tails in the gardens when they ate their early dinner out there. All I ever got from them was attitude when I glimpsed into their filthy stock room when I walked past the back door. There are so many other places for great Italian food like Le Virtu and Tre Scalini down on Passyunk Avenue in South Philly. Run, don't walk, away from La Viola!
I would never come here of my own volition (read: wallet), but recently had the good fortune of being treated to dinner here by my boyfriend's mom, an Italian who wanted good Italian food. For fancy-shmancy cuisine, you certainly can't beat the price here-- I would say our dishes were worth at least what we paid for, and the free delicious crusty bread (bring on the refills!) certainly helped.
My boyfriend got some sort of chicken roll-up which he said was delicious, and his side of vegetables and mashed sweet potatoes was nice and simple but also tasty.
His mother got the special of the day, black linguini. I tried a bite and liked it, only to find out later that its color comes from squid ink....damn vegetarianism, thwarted again! On the other hand, it's nice to know they're using all of the "resources" from the squid, which is featured amply (is that a word?) on the menu.
I got the only vegetarian dish, but luckily it was the tastiest Italian I've had in Philly. Spinach and ricotta gnocchi with a fresh, simple marinara. The gnocchi was not too squishy, not too firm, and the perfect potato-spinach blend of flavors. When I read other descriptions of the dish on Yelp, I was expecting something totally different, so let me add: the ricotta comes in little cubes, served on top of the marinara. They pack a perfect bite of flavor.
My only complaints are the extreme lack of veggie options, and the somewhat-surly waiters (though the hostess was very nice). If you want some good Italian on a budget in the city, check this place out.
I gotta say that I was really surprised by this place!  A co-worker brought me here after hyping it up and it still lived up to it's reputation!  

Really, it was the little touches such as the melon in the salad that let me know that it was going to be a really good meal, which it was.

And even though it was a little on the pricey side and the waitstaff was in a huge hurry to get you out the door, I think this could become a potential go-to when it comes to high quality places to eat!
I am saddened with the state of La Viola. I recall pleasant memories of a quaint cozy dining experience.  I guess that was quite some time ago. I returned to find a rowdy crowd.  It was still at conversation level but the buzz was more of an annoyance.  Yes, it is BYOB and that was partly the charm.  But when I am seated near a group of students who bring in a bottle of skyy vodka, equipped with their own plastic bottle of cranberry juice, I definitely know class when I see it (or lack there of).  

We were started on toasty bread and olive oil/ balsamic.  My bf ordered the special.. The osso buco with rice and I got the vitello alla viola.  The special was chewy and dry.  The rice didn't have much flavor.  Very disappointing for a special (bring back the steak).  I ordered veal medallions and it was the only thing that was as good as I remembered.  

Things are definitely not good if their fresh brewed cup of coffee is terrible.  But it did wash down the tiramisu.  

Cash only but maybe it's a good thing to save..
Food is mediocre and service was distracted and not that attentive (even though they weren't very busy).  The restaurant was small and tight.  If there was good food and great service you could say it was quaint but with mediocre food and meh service it just made for a subpar meal.  Our table brought in very nice aged bottles of wine and the staff didn't realize or know how to even open them.  For our last bottle it took them close to 20 minutes to try to open which is ridiculous.  Would not be rushing to come back here anytime soon.
I absolutely loved this cute dinning establishment. Make sure to make a reservation because it does get packed. It's such a small place but food is out of this world good. There is an option to sit inside or out. And if you can on a nice night sit outside. 

I also thought customer service here was the best I've had in a long time! Staffs were friendly and just made the experience so great. It is BYOB so drink up. 

A recommended app is the grilled calamari. It's typically not your fried calamari but worth a try. The pollo rollatini which is stuffed chicken with ham spinach cheese in a red sauce was out of this world good. It is paired with really good mashed potatoes. Can't wait to come back !
Visited La Viola with a large party on a Sunday evening and have to say, it was subpar. 

Immediately upon entering the restaurant, I was bummed by how hot it was inside. The servers were not the most helpful, waving us to the room in the back reserved for our large party.

The room was definitely all set up for our group, and the view of the back garden was really pretty. However, we were not served water or offered drinks for a while after arriving.

The menu was a fixed price menu for our large group. The options were traditional italian options, all sounded delicious. We were served fresh bread and dipping oil which was very tasty. I had the caesar salad, which was not as fresh as I'd prefer, followed by chicken marsala. The chicken marsala came with a shrimp on top, which was great, but not included on the menu and I could foresee a problem if someone had allergies or didn't prefer seafood. 

I had a few bites of the chicken marsala and thought it was pretty tasty. However, a waiter then accidentally knocked a glass of ice water onto my plate and lap. My food was immediately removed from the table, but no one spoke to me and I sat there with a lap and place setting covered in ice. I eventually asked for someone to take the rest of the ice cubes from my lab and was met with an eye roll from the waiter. They did make me another plate which was served about when everyone else was finished eating. I just wish they had communicated the plan rather than sitting there wondering if I would get a new meal. 

Overall, the food was okay, but the service and atmosphere definitely have room for improvement.
I am so so conflicted about La Viola - I went with four starts based on the good service, while the food would probably be three stars with the exception of the mussels. 
This being restaurant week we were packed in, we were at a table in the basement with other large groups, and it was so incredibly loud we were really overwhelmed, I cannot overstate how loud it was. 
The service however didn't suffer one bit, the service was fantastic, everyone was helpful, friendly and the food came out quickly. My water and wine were never low. 

Food: 
Salads - all OK I would say B to B+ fresh, tasty but not very inventive. 
Appetizers -  the mussels were the best I ever had, hands down, the red sauce they came with had so much flavor, and the mussels themselves were not at all sandy or fishy and perfect texture A++++. The soup was just alright, weird texture. Calamari was a little bland and plain. 
Main - we all got pasta so I can't speak to anything else (one time I was there before my friend got fish and I have to say it was cooked perfectly). The pasta dishes were also just OK, grade of a B or B-. 
The linguini with seafood was a little sandy and had very little taste. It also had salmon which no one expected. 
Lobster ravioli - some liked it some didn't, not lacked lobster and was a little dry but the sauce was good and creamy. 
Pasta Capo De Mare - Probably the best of the pasta dishes, but still only OK. The shrimp were perfectly done and delicious and the sauce was wonderful and not too heavy but had tons of flavor. Pasta could have been cooked longer. 
Dessert was ok - HUGE portions. 
Short recap: Big restaurant week menu, OK food, not inventive but not bad either. Solid little BYOB.
I won't lie, I used Google Maps to find this place as we walked around the city looking for Italian food in the area we were in. I was pleasantly surprised at this place.

I started off with the soup special and I was so so happy that I tried it. It was a red pepper soup that was divine. It was so full of flavor, when I got to the bottom of the bowl I was so sad. I wanted more so much more! I probably could have eaten just that for my dinner and i would be happy. He ordered the Cesar salad- tasty, but croutons are not real croutons. I ordered the lobster ravioli from the recommendation of the waiter, he mentioned it was a favorite. He ordered the gnocchi, we've been craving it since we were in Chicago. Dinner was very good overall. The sauce on the lobster ravioli was decadent, I enjoyed the ravioli but the stuffing was okay, the sauce was my favorite part.

The service was subpar. Our waters were constantly filled, which was great, but the waiter never really checked on how dinner tasted for us. It took a while for us to get the check, a little awkward but it was overall tasty. The atmosphere was calm and the decor was nice. The food tasted good so four stars was deserved. It's not a place I would go back to right away but would recommend trying it. It is BYOB so bring a nice bottle of wine with you!
La Viola is currently my favorite restaurant in center city. Their interior is very small and when my wife and I come we usually end up sitting right next to another group, but that coziness (and the booming noise from loud conversations) is part of the appeal. Their pasta is top-notch and is a great value. Their Orriechette is simply amazing, as is their freshly-baked bread.
I wanted to love La Viola.  Really, I did.  It's on my street, its a BYOB and its affordable.  I made a reservation for a group of friends to go for a "going away" dinner.  We were in good spirits, we were excited to see each other and we were ready for a good dinner.  I know I was disappointed..... 

The service was not great.  They were slow, we didn't get our menus until about 10 minutes after our last diner had arrived and I had to ask for them.  The waiters did not make any suggestions, just shouted the specials and left us alone.  

Thank goodness the food was delicious (for all in our party) otherwise, La Viola might not have earned my 2 stars.  Another pro was the inexpensive total check which definitely made the poor service and easier pill to swallow.  

All that said, the food was good.  Most of us had a salad from the special menu to start which was good and tasted very very fresh.  My main course was a simple pasta in a tomato cream sauce....I ate every bit so it couldn't have been bad, right?  Dessert was ice cream - and for someone who isn't woo-ed by the stuff, it was actually quite good.  

So all told...yes, I've experienced better that La Viola over all.  Great food doesn't totally overshadow poor service and that is where my 2 star rating comes from.
This is another place where since we moved from philadelphia four years ago, we try to go to every time we come back and visit. Maybe it's because of all the wonderful memories associated with this place, but there's no where like La Viola.

It's a BYOB Italian joint. During our time in Philly they opened up La Viola West across the street. Similar menu and owned by the same people, but La Viola West is slightly more spacious. 

Really consider this place to be an awesome date night location. Was also fun to come with a group of people for a birthday too.

The food is delicious and so reasonably priced. My favorites here have been the mussels hands-down. The sauce is so delicious, we have saved our bread in the past to dip into it. The pasta dishes are all pretty good, I've tried almost all of them. The only one that is meh is the gnocci. My husband got the steak special during his last time here and the meat was so tender and juicy. Prices are very reasonable.

Expect to rub elbows with the people next to you depending on where you are sitting. It's part of the charm, but some people don't like it (like my parents). 

Make sure you make a reservation. And bring a nice bottle of wine :) 

Cash only. There's an ATM down the street but avoid leaving your date to get money and bring enough.
I met up with my friend and her boyfriend (third wheeling, I know) last Friday night for dinner downtown. And of course, it  was up to me to choose the restaurant. For the record- I hate making decisions. And especially when it comes to restaurants downtown since the only place that I can ever come up with is the consistently mediocre food from Marathon Grill. Bleh- no mood for settling for that tonight. Soo, I made a mental list of all the places we could go downtown and voila! I remembered how much my parents raved about La Viola and called information to reserve a table. Since it is BYOB, we stopped by the Wine and Spirits and picked up two bottles of vino. By the time we got to the restaurant, our table was ready for us.
One problem...this place is small. It's really just a rectangular room jam packed with tables, family style. Not only was I third wheeling this date, I was also the third wheel of the random couple sitting inches away from us at the same table. Talk about awkward. The girl on that date did not look pleased when we were seated, clearly ruining their romantic evening. Oh well. La Viola is so not the place to go for a quiet, intimate date. The place is way too loud I could barely hear what my friend was saying and we were practically sitting on top of each other. I don't like eating when I can even hear myself think. Another note: I felt really out of place. The other patrons were business executive types dressed up for a night on the town.  I described the restaurant later to my friend "like going out in Olde City, only with food". Not my scene, but what do I really expect on a Friday night at 16th and Locust?
Anyway on to the food. The menu is pretty limited, a few appetizers, some pasta dishes (a lot of which had seafood in them...disappointment), and some meat entrees as well. I opted for the orecchiette pasta with mushrooms, plum tomatoes, and sausage. There may have been one other ingredient but it was delicious, nonetheless. My friend ordered a pasta dish with salmon and her boyfriend got the veal. They enjoyed their meals as well. 
I just don't know if i will make a second trip to La Viola. The menu is too limited for my picky tastes and it was way too loud. If I do, I'll make sure to go on a nice night so I escape the noise and sit outside.
I would love to do a longitudinal study of couples who go to La Viola, and the effects of the endless waiting you do before you sit down.  Waiting for two hours, out in the cold, for your name to called with everyone else.  It can put a strain on a night.

If the earth were exploding, and you were trying to get on the last rocket ship leaving the planet, there would be less of a crowd at that ship than outside of La Viola.  

And what's even more awesome is that the hostess said it was a 10-15 minute wait for a table.  Was it a lie?  Yes.  Yes it was.  10 minutes turned into two hours.  Apparently, it doesn't matter if you have a reservation.  The rule of law holds no power at La Viola.

Once we were seated it was perfectly fine Italian food.  We also sat next to a Chase Utley look-a-alike, so I bumped the review up to two stars.  

The take aways: five star waiting.  Three star food.  Skip it.
Quintessential Philadelphia BYO. Yes it is crowded and cash only. The chatter of other diners is loud and there is a good chance you'll end up in conversation with someone at the table next to you (due to the tight seating and the ample Vino you should bring). But as a center city BYO that's kinda the point. In my opinion, and the opinion of many others, that atmosphere is what makes the evening.

The location is pretty good because it's far enough away from University City that it doesn't get flooded with students the way some others do (sorry Salento). Also the lack of a website means that it's a locals place. When I sent relatives here who are not from the US the wait staff were genuinely surprised to see tourists, and perplexed that they found the place (and brought wine). 

Food here is consistently good. It's not trying to be the next Steven Star restaurant, or do some funky fusion. It's Italian food, so expect simple well cooked Italian food - that's it. I strongly recommend the specials, as they have always delighted me, but I know several friends who get the Vodka a-la Penne with staggering regularity, so it must be good. The service when I've been there has always been impeccable. After two visits some of the waitstaff began to recognize me and greet me as an old friend when arriving, it adds to the charm. 

The prices are surprisingly good for Rittenhouse. My other favourite Rittenhouse Italian BYOs typically charge $5-$10 more a dish (Porcini, Melograno, Mercato if you're willing to cross Broad). Who can argue with a menu starting at $14 for an entree in Rittenhouse (last I checked, and I think it was the gnocchi).

So maybe not the place for a formal business dinner, or a quiet first date, but really, you have to try a real BYO at least once if you're eating out in Philadelphia, and this place is a great place to do that.
We liked the fact they seated a group of 30, however, we got a set menu. Many of which between app and main course was less than the 25 we were quoted.
Nothing was included but water and bread and the gratuity was added on top of the entire bill. (18%).
If you have a large group, please go elsewhere. These people did not want us there. The food was good but not worth 32.50 per person for salad and a main course.
La Viola is what I would call good. We ate at there for New Year's Eve with two other couples. Set course meal was $45, which included soup or salad, main course and dessert - cheap!  We arrived on time for our reservation but had to wait outside in the arctic cold for 10 minutes. Once inside, I liked the cozy closeness, the atmosphere was warm and allowed us to enjoy each other's company. The waitstaff were great but nothing about the food blew me away. I had pear and mixed spring green salad with a creamy cheese dressing, rack of lamb and rum cake. The lamb was cooked fine, but it was smothered in gravy; I would have rather eaten it straight. I had the chance to taste my compatriot's black linguini with calamari which was delicious (I should have known to order the pasta dish at an Italian restaurant), and to my left the chicken, which was equally gravied and non-descript. All in all, nothing outstanding, if you're in good company then you'll have a good time but don't go just for the food. If you're in the mood for delicious Italian, go to Melograno or L'Angolo.
Basically Caffe Casta Diva and La Viola are the same, and both of my reviews are the same.

Both are small Italian BYOBs, with a great menu and resonable prices. The small dining room can get loud and packed, so make sure you make reservations.

You'll leave happy, and your wallet won't be empty.
La Viola is a great restaurant.  The menu is simple, yet very solid.  The service is always prompt, and its fun to see the same wait staff time after time.  Often the dining room can be a bit crowded and packed, although since they have added the extra room across the street it has gotten a bit better.  Either way it still pays to make reservations.
La Viola makes me smile and salivate. If you haven't tried this great little (literally) BYOB, you've been missing out. I make it a point to eat here every time I'm in the city. Delicious food (my boyfriend and I like the gnocchi, penne, and veal) that won't break the bank. I suggest making reservations or getting there right when they open for dinner to ensure prompt seating.
This is my favorite Italian restaurant in Philly. Its become so popular that they decided to open up another La Viola across the street (same menu and staff) but just newer, bigger and a little nicer atmosphere. 

The food is reasonably priced and its a BYOB. I love the grilled calamari. I dont' know of another restaurant that makes it quite like La Viola. 

The only downside is that Its not the sort of place to enjoy a relaxing and leisurely meal.. While service is lightning fast and your food comes out super quick, its for a specific reason... the line usually goes out the door so they want to turn over your table quickly. 

Despite this fact, I give this place 4 stars because the food is just delicious, its cheap and its a BYO.
The service was awful! A lady in the restaurant showed posture badly. I thought that she had fever or something. 
The food I ordered was good but overpriced. 

The worst thing was that the lady brought the bill while we just started dessert  and we didn't even ask for it and she said just Thank you!! Even though it was not crowded.  Afterwards, we kept eating for awhile and she came back again to ask us " all set?"
 It was so rude and we felt uncomfortable to stay there. We never want to go back again. I hope she will be fired soon and I can have good service.
Came here on a Saturday at 2:40PM. They do NOT serve weekend lunch, btw. 
I was impressed, then, when the waiter came out with some menus and said they could do some dinner stuff for us at lunch prices. 

We sat outside, as we had our beloved pooch with us, and they made sure he was comfortable throughout our lunch, which is really sweet. 
I had the linguini in white sauce with seafood, the husbear had a porkchop - both were delicious and incredibly fresh. The pork was crispy on the edges, but juicy throughout, and served with a polenta-looking mash and some red cabbages. My linguini was perfectly al dente, and the seafood was so fresh tasting, as if they just washed and prepared it. 

I docked off a star for the following two things: 

1)I asked for salmon in the seafood linguini on the side, and it came nested inside the linguini, which meant i was in for a surprise. The waiter apologized and offered to take it back, but I had already picked it off and given it to my husbear, so just a blip, not a big deal. 

2) we ordered a caesar salad to share - dressing, amazing. The lettuce, arranged in a way that would make even the pickiest people eat their words (and salad). The croutons? Nonexistent.

I would definitely come here again, maybe on a wk night when the service is busier, with a bottle of red. I definitely recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good italian byob.
I give this five stars not because it was a perfectly stellar experience, but because I think it deserves a higher average rating. La Viola was my first experience at a BYOB, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. The warm, soft bread was some of the best I've had at a restaurant, and the gnocchi was tasty (but just short of spectacular). The servers are polite and attentive, but the tables are so close together that they have trouble maneuvering around this obstacle course of a restaurant! Still, very classy and reasonably priced Italian fare.
This is my favorite restaurant of all time.  The prices are great, but you always have to remember, it's BYOB and cash only.  This is just my opinion, but I think the Bistro East location is better than the Ovest West location.  The menus and the chefs are different.

The restaurant is small, you will be sitting very close to the table next to you, but hey, maybe you can strike up a nice conversation.  When weather permits, there is outside seating.  

I strongly recommend the Grigliata Di Calamari (grilled calamri) appetizer, and the homemade Gnocchi al Filetto di Pomodoro.  My personal favorites.
So for some reason this place has been distinguished as a Philadelphia staple, or so it seems.  Most people from the area have eaten here at least once before.  Overall, I wasn't overly impressed.  Maybe it's because I'm from Jersey where people REALLY know how to make Italian.  I don't know.

So to start, we had a 7PM reservation.  If you're gonna go there, definitely get a reservation, but still, definitely expect to wait.  We waited about 30 minutes or so (there were 6 of us), but there were at least 20 people that waited longer than we did.  They have you wait in what's pretty much a hallway outside the main restaurant room.  And from what other reviews seem to note, 30 minutes wasn't bad at all.

So when we get inside, it's crammed.  Tables for two are right on top of each other (less than a foot between tables).  We're right up against the kitchen so there are waiters and waitresses knocking into our chairs all dinner.  And it's loud.  And the entire time we felt a bit rushed (which I can see why with a ton of people always waiting for a table).

To start, we ordered some calamari for the table.  It was grilled so it had a lot more flavor than your typical variety.  Sauce it was cooked with was pretty tasty too.

For dinner, they have all the average Italian stuff on the menu.  Being a bit adventurous, I decided to go with the special for the evening, which was a mix of pasta, chicken, and shrimp with a tomato sauce.  Overall, the dish was kinda blah.  The sauce was very bland.  Chicken and pasta were cooked fine.  But what people say on Yelp about the seafood is absolutely true.  It was terrible.  Previously frozen, very tough consistency, and a flavor that's hard to pinpoint but a flavor I didn't really like at all.  More fishy than shrimpy.  

It is BYOB, so that's a good thing.  But you can find a lot of other places in Philly that are BYOB.  The appetizer was good too, and some other people at my table liked their entrees (standard Italian stuff that's hard to screw up).  Bottom line: don't come here to get blown away, don't come here if you're impatient as you WILL have to wait, and don't come here to have a good conversation.  I'd recommend looking elsewhere.  Philly has plenty of other restaurants.
Been twice now.  Good little BYOB.  Everyone had very tasty pasta dishes.  Friendly and attentive enough service even when crowded.  It is slightly cramped and even got quite loud on a Saturday night.  For good Italian food the cost is great.  Everyone at our table had salads and mains and our bill came to just around $100 for five people!
