I was in Philadelphia for a wedding, which is taking place at the Down Town Club. However, the rehearsal dinner was at La Viola Ovest. 

The rehearsal dinner was located in one of their private rooms, which held up to 60 people. I felt a little cramped at times, but the decor was very nice.

The menus that were provided to us seemed to be limited because we were a rehearsal dinner, but the food items that were provided were nice. Before we ordered the table was given a few baskets of bread. 

I ended up getting the mussels in white sauce for my appetizer and the chicken Marsala for my entree. 

The mussels came out in a fairly quick amount of time and were nicely plated in the white sauce, which I requested. The mussels were not too chewy and had a bit of creamy taste to it. 

My chicken Marsala was also very good. It was plated beautifully with two pieces of marinated and moist, flavorful chicken topped off with a couple of fresh vegetables and two pieces of shrimp. It also came with a side of mashed potatoes.

Finally, for the dessert I got the Over-the-moon chocolate cake and ended up having some of the cannoli cake as well. The Over-the-moon chocolate cake was moist and nicely layered, but I wish the cake part itself had a bit more flavor. However, the cannoli cake was spectacular. The vanilla cake was moist and full of flavor while the vanilla layering with chocolate chips was creamy and flavorful. I also loved the little cannoli on top!

I also saw the downstairs private seating area at La Viola Ovest, which could fit up to 100 people and had a TV. 

Altogether, I had a nice time at the rehearsal dinner at La Viola Ovest. The food was absolutely spectacular and it served as a great start to the wedding weekend.
Sometimes I take things for granted. I've known for years that La Viola is good, but recently when friends talked it up I'd just give it a 'yea, it's good' nod and dismiss it after having gone so many times. After 3 years since my last visit I've realize how stupid and arrogant I've been acting. This place is just as good as ever, and here's why:

The shrimp and calamari appetizer is fucking excellent! Calamari doesn't get cooked much better than this. The grilling brings out flavors and tenderness that mix well with the citrus based sauce.

The spring mix salad with smoked salmon, avocado, roasted peppers, fresh mozzarella and a citrus vinaigrette was new to me, but hopefully it becomes a staple. Either way I will be stealing this recipe for my personal use.

I was glad to see one of my old favorites is still on the menu, the orecchiette with chicken and sausage. The pasta was al dente and substantial, with tasty sausage and chicken that was a shade overdone, but that was really my only complaint for the entire night.

I'm just so glad they're still knocking out such damn good food at such damn cheap prices. Our friends from New York said a meal like that would have cost upwards of $200 in the city, but we were well below including tip. I don't intend to lose sight of just how good they are this time around, and it will definitely be sooner than 3 years before I come back again.
This place serves up the traditional Italian charm. The menu items are standard options but more authentic in their preparation.  I think the ambiance - the energy in the room, the Italian wait staff, and of course the food, create a nice environment to transport you for an evening. 

It is located in Rittenhouse, so parking is TIGHT. Plan to circle around in the immediate area if you are looking for street parking, or park a bit away and walk over (this is the option we chose after a few rounds around the block.)

We were seated in the main dining space towards the back. You can tell it's a popular place as there were many celebrations going on, so it was all hands on deck for the wait staff. It's well lit inside, with plenty of large tables, and it's deceiving how big it is inside, given the narrow entryway.

After sitting down, the waiters were prompt with serving us waters and passing out menus. SIDE NOTE: This place is BYOB - and we came prepared! 

Our waiter gave us the specials for the evening. It was all happening pretty quickly, which I generally don't mind, but with our large party, it was hard for me grasp all the information on first go, so I resolved to order from whatever I found on the menu...which being a vegetarian meant I was limited to one item - the gnocchi. I did ask the waiter if some of the other dishes could be made without meat, but I don't think he liked that very much as I was promptly dismissed on that request (whomp whomp.) 

I ordered the said dish, served with pasta noodles and a light red sauce. The food was warm and plentiful. The gnocchi had good flavor and tasted fresh, leaving me satiated but not in a coma. 

Overall - my party had a good time. The service was quick given how occupied it was, though they didn't open up to modifying any of the dishes.  Since I don't think they'll be adding more veggie friendly items on the menu, I have exhausted all my options for a further food journey here, but it's still a solid spot for a dinner date or celebration.
We ate dinner here with a party of 11 last night. It was very disappointing. The service was the worst I've had in a long time. The busing of our dirty dishes was nearly nonexistent. Our server did not check on us for 40 minutes after ordering our appetizers as we were ready to put in our dinner orders. Once we put in our dinner order it took about an hour and 20 minutes for the food to make it to the table. By this point we weren't even hungry anymore. 

When I asked for some ice to keep our BYOB beers cold, the waiter pointed to an ice bucket about 15 feet from me and said no words. He just walked away. That made me pretty upset. The 14 year old boys that were serving bread and filling up the water we're not especially pleasant, never once smiling, nor were they well trained.

The ambiance was nice as far as the lighting and the stone walls and cleanliness, however, it was so loud that we could not even hear the person two seats down from us speaking. Nobody could understand what the server was saying when he was explaining the specials for the evening. There was no music playing either. They really need to put something on the ceiling to deal with the acoustic issue in the downstairs dining room. It was obnoxious and all 11 of us agreed on it.  We are not 60 plus years old either. All of us are in our early thirties.

The food was reasonably priced. We each ended up spending $33 per person and that included our appetizers, entrees, tax and tip. I did find it interesting that the stamped gratuity was 22%, which they certainly did not deserve, but we didn't make a stink about it.

We got 4 orders of the muscles 2 red and 2 white to start us off. The gravy on both was not good. The muscles were very small. We did not finish a one of the orders.

I think to get Italian food in the city of Philadelphia, I would be remiss to not go to South Philadelphia to a real Italian restaurant with good bread, great service, great portion sizes and delicious sauces and specials.  Ralph's, L'angolo, Cucina Forte, even Mara's all blow this place out of the water!

I will never go back to this place.
la viola ovest was probably the best random finds of our evening. my friends and i were just looking for a place to eat that was near our hotel, wasn't packed with people, and offered some quality dining. 

even though la viola was definitely packed with people, we got lucky and nabbed a four top pretty easily. service was great. our guy, whose name i would post all over the place if i remembered it, was perfect from start to finish. when we realized that it was a byob place (we're from dc, not used to bringing our own libations) and that we didn't have any 'b' to drink with our meal, our server graciously offered us a bottle of wine on the house. and you know anything free already ups the deliciousness tenfold, so we were pretty happy.

i tried the lobster ravioli, which was spot on. the broth was creamy yet still exploded with seafood stock flavor. the only downside to the entire entree was the fact that i had to share pieces of my ravioli with my friends...don't they get that it was too delicious to share?

if there was a downside, it's the fact that le viola ovest is TOO successful and the place is just jam packed with hungry eaters. the noise can be a bit overwhelming, but hey, that's the price you pay for deliciousness and success.
I've only been here once, but I thought the food was solid, and the prices were for the most part decent, especially for appetizers.  BYOB is nice as well (though that's not uncommon in Philadelphia, unlike NYC).

In the middle of our meal, though, in the early evening on a Saturday with a half-full restaurant, something strange occurred -- a man walked in (presumably the owner or manager) and called all the wait staff over to him, and proceeded to berate them all in Russian for 10 minutes in front of the entire front room of the restaurant.  They all stared at the ground or looked at the customers sheepishly as he yelled at them.  People were waiting for food or to order, but no one wanted to say anything and interrupt him.  He then went into the kitchen, and we could hear him yelling and throwing things.  Truly bizarre behavior, and I felt bad for the staff.  

It may have been a pep talk for the impending rush, because by the time we were leaving the place was 100% full, and there was a huge mass of people waiting in the entry...but if so, his motivational style was lacking.  Like I said, the food is fine, but the crazy outburst really ruined the meal.
I was truly disappointed in our meal here last night! I was our first night out since having the baby = 10.5 months! So I was really looking forward to having a good meal! Alas, my high hopes were quickly dashed! We have resis for 8pm, got there on the dot and proceeded to wait another 35 mins! So much for making reservations in the first place! We ended up cracking the wine by the hostess stand! There we're walk ins that were seated before us! Our table wouldn't leave, wouldn't it be more efficient to give us another table that is open? Once we were seated, we had to ask for our wine to be uncorked and asked 4 times! 4! For a bucket of ice! One of the waiters actually walked away with our bottle of wine and we had to flag down someone to retrieve it. The gentlemen filling our waters, had some rather strong BO which is not appetizing when you are sitting down to dinner! 
The mussels I ordered was nice- but my main dish looked like what might be served at a wedding- very bland! I had the veal medallions  with crab cake and arugula, the greens were drenched in the sauce which gave it a soggy consistency, nothing resembling medallions materialized on my plate!
I know there was a large graduation party when we were there but if you can not accommodate a private party and your regular customers- don't take on the challenge! I've read great reviews from here and expected such!
I was very bummed to come here on our first night out on the town- especially having to pay a nanny to sit by the hostess stand and watch them scramble around and get organized! I felt bad as I usually make well informed dinner picks and this time- we went here with another couple! I feel like I let everyone down. I'm going to have to do a redemption dinner, to save face!
I really can't recommend this place. The service and food were really subpar tonight. My big night out was a total bust! Thankfully we were in good company and had a lot of wine!!
Wow. Going here was like dinner theatre. 

DC restaurants are a little more, ahem, reserved. Odds are a $$ restaurant (that isn't in Adams Morgan) will have people who are a little quieter, a little dressier. Not in Philadelphia! We were so, so overdressed for this place. It was a little awkward but I loved it.

This place was loud. As in, I had to shout-to-my-fiance loud. We gave up on conversation and instead partook in people watching. Philadelphia...you have interesting folk, I will give you that. Tables of people with linguine and Coors Light cans (I didn't even know BYOB extended to beer), a table full of barely 21 year olds - if that - with their own  vodka. AND chasers! Not to mention every girl there besides me was in a leather skirt and the skimpiest tops this side of the shore. Epic. 

Next time I'm in Philadelphia I am going back here. You people know how to not be frumpy and serve some damn good pasta.
We came here on a Saturday night and I was able to get a reservation an hour before arriving at 8pm. We were seated immediately and got the last outdoor pod for our party of 4. There were only a few parties seated inside and I was surprised to see how empty it was. Our server was great and got right with us, pointing out where we could buy a bottle of wine nearby.

The menu has lots of good options and they were good about splitting a pasta dish for our kids. I got the Orecchiette Alla Viola, which had both chicken and sausage. This was a great combo and the sauce was on point, perfect thickness. The mushrooms balanced out the dish so well. This location is right across the street from the original and has almost the same menu.
I went here with a party of 6 on a Friday night. After reading some of the reviews on here, I was a little nervous but was wonderfully surprised.  We were seated right on time, and the service was prompt and friendly even though you could tell they were extremely busy. 

Definitely expect to be seated right on top of each other, I have never seen a table so close to my table in a restaurant before! However, I went here expecting that and surprisingly didn't mind too much. The dining room was loud since it's quite packed, but in a boisterous way that added an upbeat atmosphere. I was also with a bunch of friends though, so I can see how that would be annoying if I was on a date or something. The food was delicious, and the tastes were unique. The prices were absolutely phenomenal for a restaurant in center city. 

Overall, I had a good experience here and will definitely be back since the atmosphere was enjoyable, the food was good, and the prices were unbeatable!
This place is a wonderful BYOB in a great location.  Right in center city / rittenhouse.  No corkage fee!  Lobster Ravioli is always a crowd pleaser, lots of veal options, and the specials are always a treat.  The waiters all have really thick accents, always makes it interesting!!  I would definitely suggest making a reservation, and bringing your own wine (since they don't have a bar). I've been here serveral times with a large group, and they handle is well even though the dinning room is rather small.
This is a great BYO to go to with friends. Good prices, good quantities, and a little something for everyone. We always get the mushroom appetizer, and I follow it with more mushrooms in the whole wheat pasta with mushrooms. The pasta is always cooked al dente, and sauced well. 

The bread could be a little better, the tables a little further apart, and the waiters not quite so intent on getting you out of there to see the next guests, but all-in-all, a great place to eat with some comforting Italian food.
Finally!  An Italian BYOB in this city that's actually worth writing home about.  Everything about the food at La Viola is a-maze-ing.  Probably some of the best Italian I've had in a looooong time.  Add great service and ambiance, and LV gets an easy 5 stars.
This was my third time at this restaurant, and definitely the last. We came here as a group of 8 people, and we felt like the waiters were trying to get us out of there as quickly as possible. Service was not friendly, they asked us to hurry up and had another party stand and hover over us while we were still finishing our dessert. We were treated with a bad attitude and dirty looks the entire dinner.

As for the food, I was again disappointed. I ordered a dish described as veal medallions, but instead I received a large, dry, flattened slice of veal that came out over a plate of gooey mashed potatoes and a tiny sprinkling of crab meat on top.
Really solid. We were seated promptly, got a little bit of grief for how much wine we brought, and tucked in. It was a little loud and raucous, but we were a little loud and raucous so it worked out fine. I was dying for pesto, and though there was none on the menu, they offered to make some special - on the gnocchi it was delicious! Good times. I'll definitely be back.
I've been here twice and ordered the gnocchi both times (I'm nothing if not predictable!).  It was good both times.  

The first time I went was with a group of four (two couples) and the service was great, they were very on top of the wine pouring, and we didn't feel rushed at all even though it was crowded.  

The second time was with a huge group from school (we had set up a dinner for ~24).  They did a great job accommodating us and they were SO nice all throughout the dinner.  I couldn't be happier with the way they handled it :)
This place doesn't have quite the ambiance that the original La Viola across the street has, but is much easier to get a reservation. We had a group of 17 in for dinner on a Thursday and it was no problem making the reservation the week of.

The menu had quite a selection and a lot of similar dishes as the original. All in all, a very enjoyable time at this BYO.
Keeping up with the famous Philly ByoB tradition, nine of us ventured to La Viola.  An amazing experience started with the grilled calimari salad, follow by a ridiculously amazing filet that was the size of a brick, but soft as butter (and perfectly cooked) and finished off with a decadent triple chocolate cake. Dominick was just about the most honest waiter I've ever had, telling us absolutely what to order. Add in the great company and wine and I will absolutely be returning to La Viola when I am back in PHL.
You may try your luck with this place on a weekday, but save yourself from a visit on a Friday or Saturday night. You will be served like cattle that needs to be fed and the virtually only purpose is to get you out again quickly to allow multiple seating. 

This is the right place to go for food uptake (not for dining) if you are in a real rush to go somewhere afterwards and you are up for a steak and cheesecake. Just be attentive, if you don't watch out, they want to put grated cheese on the steak, supposedly to make it italian. Sadly, the people working here have no clue about food or possibly simply don't care about you as a guest. I have been to Italy for many times and I do not expect the same quality of food in a place like this. But I want to be treated as a valued customer by people that care about what they are doing. Please avoid the italian dishes in this restaurant. Unfortunately, Center City restaurants are so packed over the weekends, that places can get away with serving stuff that looks like italian food, but tastes Disney. Two stars, one for the bread and oil, which is the only thing that tastes like italian food, the other one because it is good for the neighborhood as it looks really nice from outside. And this is where you better be...
I can't believe I've never wrote a review! I've been coming here for nearly ten years! It is always a solid meal. Always a winner! A great first date, friends in town, or you've exhausted almost all your go-to restaurants that you take your out of town man to.

I've always been a fan of the fusili estiva with canelli and sausage. It is hearty yet light. The sauce is just perfect. My beau had the skate special which was divine. He had never had skate before and really enjoyed it. They filleted and fanned out the skate on a bed of sautéed cabbage/raddichio and had two wood grilled shrimp on top. He doesn't even like shrimp and he was raving about them. We also shared a fantastic caesar salad. It was perfectly dressed and perfectly on-point. 

Dominic is also such a charmer! Also it's BYOB so that helps with the price!
Food was good, to bad I couldn't enjoy it because I was so uncomfortable. The service was HORRIBLE. Every man who worked there was giving me a look as if I was a piece of meat. Every cause they could looking down my shirt, pouring water even when my glass was full just for a peek down my top. I exited the bathroom to find three man smiling at my very creepily. I'm just glad my boyfriend was there so they didn't have the nerve to say anything. NEVER felt so uncomfortable in a restaurant. Never coming back.
Well I was under impressed. 

My salad was good. 
My seafood pasta was ok. Not great. 

Service was good except that I was told I could not have an alternate sauce on my dish. So much for the customer is always right. 

The deserts were ok. Have had better at many places. 

Was also disappointed that all the specials were meat based on a Friday in lent
Even though the food was subpar, this review is a result of the incredibly poor service we received in the lower dining room (they have a basement level dining room). While our service started out OK, our server changed after we ordered and things went downhill from there. To start, the server spilled oil on two guests at the table as he was clearing the appetizer plates. We understand that mistakes happen, but there was no remorse on his part. He apologized, but did not offer an extra napkin, water, or anything else to help clean the mess. 

Giving our meals was the last time our server visited our table. Another server was great with filling our water, but after an hour of not having our plates cleared or being asked about dessert, we needed to ask the one server who was giving us attention to get the check. He went to the other server (who was frequently visiting other tables and gleefully fraternizing with the guests) and told him we needed the check. Still no response form our server. In fact, he brought other tables their check and started taking dessert orders for tables that were seated after us! 

At this point, we were fed up. Myself and another member of the group went upstairs to get our own check. Our server must have realized something was wrong, so he came up shortly after us. We explained what happened to the hostess with the server standing right next to us and we received no apology from him. He was silent the entire time while we were asking for our check. The hostess was kind enough to offer free dessert, but at that point, we just wanted to leave. In retrospect, I should have engaged the server while he was standing there and make him explain himself, but at that point, I just wanted to leave. 

Upon bringing the check back to our table, we realized that 20% gratuity was automatically added to the check. We know that this is probably standard, but given that the hostess was writing up the check while we were standing there complaining about the service, you'd think she wouldn't include the gratuity. Needless to say, we left a very small tip that was much less than what was on the bill and never intend to go back to that location again. 

As an aside, if you were hoping to go to an establishment that is taking COVID seriously, don't go here. They had large groups inside and were at 100% capacity. 

To be fair, I will say that we didn't have any issue with service at their other location across the street.
Terrifically... underwhemling. Despite having a reservation, it still took them 45 minutes to get us seated. Waiters were inattentive and impersonal. The wine wasn't even put into ice buckets. They just let them linger there on the table. Food tasted like it came from yet-another-Italian chain, perhaps only slightly tastier than your local Olive Garden establishment. Don't bother with this Italian BYO, there's others and better in Philly.
Any review of this restaurant with less than 5 stars would be ridiculous, because the positives overpower any possible negative you could imagine. This restaurant is a 10 star experience, it goes well above 5 stars. 

Tried La Viola on Saturday night. Granted, it was mobbed with people. The room was deafening and yes.. the restaurant only accepts cash. These are the only 2 negatives I could find. We head North [ not South ] from there.

Tried the Lobster Ravioli... for the fucks sakes, wow.. what a delicious meal. The flavors were amazing. Ugh... a food orgasm experience. The pink vodka sauce was amazing, I had to get the bread out to dip. Had a salmon salad at the end of my meal, which was delicious. Plenty of fresh greens, with salmon and capers. Ugh. Wow. What a delicious place to eat. 

It would take an army brigade to prevent me from going back here. Absolutely unreal. The prices? $45.00 for 2 people? Are you serious? Fuck. Reminds me of the good old days of the 1980's and early 1990's where you actually got something for your money with good quality as well. I've been to Italy, and none of the restaurants there match La Viola.
I'd advise reserving ahead, and against eating at this white-tablecloth alternative: although the menu's very similar to the original La Viola, prices are $2-$4 more expensive, which trumps this new outpost on charm (unless you're a fan of gaudy chandeliers).  I read an earlier reviewer's post about spilled wine incidents, and I recalled a similar episode here as well as numerous sounds of broken wine glasses.  When I went, our party of four was seated at a table just inside the back room, with my seat right in the line of traffic...that was a little unsettling for most of the evening.  They seem to be catering to large parties at this place, with all the drawbacks of that clientele...
Food was just okay for the prices, and it took a while to be served.  Mos def not coming back here...totally unlike the original in service and ambience.
I went here for dinner last night and had an a-okay time. Nothing was amazing but nothing was wrong either. It was a solid meal with a few ups and downs. We had the mozzarella appetizer, and while the mozzarella and oil was delicious, the tomatoes were not fully right and took away from the dish. For my meal, I had the seafood linguini. It was delicious but I wish the pasta would've been cooked for a minute more and I felt as though the seafood wasn't as fresh as it could be. My mom ordered the gnocchi, which she said was great, but she also noted that the restaurant uses a short cut method in making the gnocchi. Traditionally, each gnocchi is made individually, but  it was clear the gnocchi was made into a long log roll and cut from the log. While the taste was still good, it was difficult her to focus on the meal in its entirety because of the lack of dedication with preparation. If I were to come back here, it would be because I want "social Italian" and not "traditional Italian". This place is BYOB and there were a lot of large groups where everyone seemed to be going heavy on the alcohol. I would come back here with a group and some wine to be social, but probably wouldn't go here for a date or low key evening with family friends.
Great fancy BYOB place for a date. I ordered the Veal Marsala and was pleased with it. Restaurant can accommodate larger parties with a reservation. Only 3 stars because I think it's a little pricy for the quality, and it feels over crowded.
I made reservations for 8:00 PM on a Saturday and was promptly seated "across the street" at La Viola Ovest. This worried me when the hostess said it was "exactly the same restaurant" and I figured we were being duped. But, when we walked in, it was indeed the exact same restaurant. We quickly sat down in between a nice older couple and a party of 4. Not my style of dining, but it worked.

As most people have said - bread, wine, and water were ready within 2 minutes. We had two servers who completed this and it seems like a team took care of us. I didn't catch our actual servers name, but he was an older gentleman that reminded me of my grandfather, but was very nice and fast. Definitely a compliment to him and he complimented my selection.

Speaking of the food, my date had the black linguine with lobster tail and shrimp, and I opted for the Pork chop stuffed with mozzarella and spinach in some sort of gravy. I thought my pork chop was a little tough and overdone, but pork is usually tough wherever you go. The sauce it was in was delicious and the stuffing was excellent. I did not try to black linguine but it was the first time I've ever actually seen black linguine. My date seemed to enjoy it.

For dessert, we got the "Dark Side of the Moon", which is actually a very common name for most chocolate desserts. This one was a slice of chocolate cake with mousse filling and a little half moon on top. It was delicious and my date (who said she only wanted a bite) ended up enjoying it more than me.

My biggest qualms with the place are its just too crowded and loud. The couple sitting next to us was very friendly and we conversed at appropriate times, but what if they weren't? I'd really hate to be seated next to someone that was talking about something I just don't really care to hear. Its also tough to hear the person across the table from you at times.

All in all, a good dining experience. The common seating is not really my cup of tea but it was definitely a good place and will keep it on my roster. Good value for good food.
I have been to La Viola a handful of times.  I think it's a Center City go-to for Italian BYOB's, but you should know what to expect ahead of time.

I came here for restaurant week. It was one of the more affordable places on the list, seeing alcohol wouldn't be pumping up our bill, but I ended up feeling like I spent more for restaurant week than I would have if I went and had a normal meal here. Granted, it was a four course meal, but even if I'd have ordered an appetizer and an entree, it still would have been less.

I felt like the presentation was a little sloppy. The arugula salad with tomato and feta looked like something I'd throw together at home. I ordered the grilled calamari as my appetizer, which tasted like rubber. I've had it here before and enjoyed it, but on a crowded Friday night during restaurant week, it felt rushed. The Lobster Ravioli was delicious, as we're the mussels that my dining partner ordered. 

The tiramisu dessert can only be described as fabulous.  La Viola is always a safe bet for dinner; I wouldn't come back here for restaurant week, but I'll certainly be back on a normal night.
I'm torn between two and three stars here. It fit the bill for what I was looking for, but I wouldn't send anyone here. 

The back room is all groups, we were a group of 10 so it was great. The portions are not huge, but either are the prices so that's OK too. We knew it was cash only ahead of time so I won't hold that against them either. 

The food was OK. The Caesar was a bit too garlicky for my taste. The gnocchi desperately needed more sauce and they weren't anything I'd write home to my Italian grandmother about. Lastly, the strawberry shortcake looked and tasted very grocery store bakery. 

The service left more to be desired. It was as if they were looking at the ceiling on purpose to not see that you needed their attention. I also felt like part of  a factory assembly line the was I was brought in, food delivered quick and back out the door. 

I feel like this could be the snobbiest review I've written but I'm having a hard time re-phrasing. I've settled on two stars because honestly if you asked me about this place, I really would say "Meh. I've experienced better Italian in Philly."
Super cute decor, super average food, pretty over-priced. The gnocchi was dry and flavorless, and the starter mozzarella dish was bland. Probably will not be coming back.
This place is so good!!!

Went to dinner with my boyfriend and it was nasty weather [thank god I live right down the street so it was a short walk]. The staff is very friendly and inviting. They offered us to check our coats if we wanted, but we opted not too. 

The waiters were all very attentive, helpful and friendly (and most of them spoke Italian, so that's a plus right?) Our waiter was the cutest little Italian man. He was so nice and seemed so into the food items, it was absolutely adorable. I just wanted to adopt him and take him home.

Anyway, we got the grilled calamari [FRUTTI DI MARE ALLA GRIGLIA] for an appetizer -- it was really good! Tasted super fresh and authentic, mind you, this is NOT your American/Italian breaded and fried calamari, so keep that in mind! This calamari grilled and just barely charred, and it also came with shrimp, all in a lemon juice, garlic peppered olive oil. For my entree, I ordered the Tagliatelle al salmone, which was cooked in a pink cognac sauce -- this was amazing and really filling! My boyfriend ordered the Ravioli Alla Viola (Lobster ravioli) -- it was 5 decently large ravioli in a pink vodka sauce. He said it was really good and you could tell the ravioli were freshly made, but he wished there were more than 5 ravioli. 

For dessert, we ordered their Tiramisu, and it was awesome!! It was really moist and light, a great way to end our dinner.

***FYI -- this restaurant is BYOB, so bring your own booze!
4 words: do not go here.
Not good, over priced, awful atmosphere, terrible waiter's attitude.
La Viola Ovest is one of my favorite restaurants in the city because the food is fresh and the price is reasonable.  I happen to like West better than the original La Viola because it is more spacious and I don't have to worry about being too loud or practically sitting bumper to bumper with other patrons. I usually order one of their pasta specials because they never disappoint.  Last night I had a fresh curried linguine with shrimp and vegetables that was out of this world.  

ONE ISSUE- the CHARGE FOR CAKE CUTTING for SURVIVING CANCER.  Thumbs down and one less star for being so rude.  I can understand charging a cutting fee for birthday cake, but I bought a cake for the two ladies I was with (one of whom was wearing a wig, an the other, hair that was just growing in) which said "Fu$k Cancer". BOOOOO.
We hosted Stop #1 here for a bachelorette party recently.  I cannot believe how delicious the food was.  We opted for the prix fixe menu for our party of fifteen and the options were excellent. Everyone was sharing their food because it was tough to choose just one option.  I had the salmon, which was so juicy and seasoned to perfection.  I also tasted the lobster ravioli and loved the sauce.  This place is BYOB so we had plenty of wine and champagne, and they chilled all of our whites and champagnes for us. The atmosphere was really nice but it was a bit loud.  I guess that's what you should expect in a party room with three large parties of women chattering, eh?  :)  The wait staff were very attentive and friendly.  We were the last to leave and we never felt rushed.  Keep in mind that there's a cutting fee if you bring your own cake but not if you bring cupcakes.  Great times, great food!
Great restaurant that is a BYO and reasonably priced. I ordered the lemon chicken which was fantastic. I'm not a big pasta person but everyone in my party enjoyed their dishes. The staff was really attentive and friendly. Take note that they only take a maximum of two credit cards per party. Sadly our party of ten was unaware - good thing for venmo.
La Viola Ovest, right across the street from La Viola, basically one and the same. I don't really get why the 2nd location is so close to the first, but it's OK, b/c it works. While South Philly is normally where I go for my Italian, this place could fit right in. Understated, the restaurant itself is simple, and lets the food do the talking. I had the fusilli pasta with sausage and it did not disappoint. I also had an asparagus salad to start with prosciutto which was simple and delicious. Overall very happy with the meal. Plus I love BYOs.
I've been here before and always enjoyed my experience, but I went here with a bachelorette party this past weekend and was compelled to review. These people know how to handle groups! They informed me upon making the reservation that we would have two hours for dinner, since we were a larger group. They didn't pressure us to leave earlier and let us sit and drink our wine for 30 minutes after we had finished our meal. The service was wonderful. We got our food fast and it was delish. They were also open to making changes to dishes and dealt with several dietary restrictions. Can't wait to go back. :)
A solid choice for a BYO Italian. Somewhat old-school menu, but excellently executed and reasonably priced. Attentive service in a semi-formal old row home in center city. They have two rooms with a patio. Menu items are heavy on the seafood and veal, with additional vegetarian, chicken and pork options. Their mussels in white wine sauce is worth the visit alone.
La Viola Ovest has some of the best Italian food in Center City. The gnocchi with fresh tomato sauce and gorgonzola is unbelievable - sometimes, it's all I can think about. The atmosphere is bustling and fun, and I always have a great time splitting a bottle of wine here. It's not uncommon to have multiple people who work there get involved with the meal, e.g., one opens the wine, two or three fill up the water, and - the best - the guy who reads the specials and takes the order. He makes everything sound awesome. I do get the impression that if I don't order a special, or if I order a pasta dish and nothing else, he gets a little turned off.
Having eaten at all the other inexpensive Italian BYOs in the area, I was excited to finally give La Viola a try. I assumed it would be on par with Bistro and La Fontana, and was pleasantly surprised to find the food much tastier here.

The prices are reasonable, and the serving sizes are good enough to get 1.5-2 meals out of them. The seafood in my pasta dish was fresh and tasty, and they listened to my spiciness request and put just enough hot pepper in the dish.

Love that it's BYO, love the food and love the prices. Just wish they didn't cram so many people into the small place during peak hours. When we arrived it was almost empty and enjoyable, but by the time we left we were bumping elbows with the people next to us. The other couple almost left when they were seated due to the ridiculous proximity to other diners.

All in all, a great dining experience. Will certainly return again soon.
I was totally expecting mediocre "banquet food" for the large prix fixe dinner at a recent holiday party I attended in the basement of the restaurant, but it was definitely way better than that.  I was pleasantly surprised with the quality, taste, and presentation of all of the courses.  

The dungeon basement is more than accommodating for large parties or even several large parties.  Our party probably had around 35 - 40 people in it and there were 3-4 other large parties in the room as well.  The service was quick and friendly.  The price wasn't bad at all for all that you receive.  They have plenty of vegetarian options for all courses.  I would definitely recommend this place for group celebrations.
Whoa!  I went here for restaurant week with a party of 16 people.  Their back room is great to accommodate large parties and the wait staff was extremely competent.  The restaurant menu options were vast and included a four course meal.  This was impressive being that most of the restaurants only include three courses.  I assumed that all of the portions would be tastings - - - but boy was I wrong.  Each one of the courses that they brought out was significant in size and all equally delicious.  With 16 people having four courses each there was 64 chances to screw something up and I did not hear a single person at the table complain.  The waiters timed bringing out all four of everyone's entrees seamlessly.  The waiters that work here have the air of "career waiters" i.e., serving at La Viola is not their way of paying their college tuition to get another job, so with that they take their jobs seriously.  Everything that I had was delightful and I had the pleasure of trying several things on the table - - I started with a Cesar salad that was fresh and crisp and served with ice cold lettuce which I love.  For my second course I had mussels in white sauce, for my third course I had the veal with crabmeat and for the final course I had a raspberry sorbet that was delightful.  I would have to reach for a negative here - but the only one I could come up with is the environment of the back room is a bit sterile.  It may serve them well to turn up the music or something.  Bravo La Viola.
Our group of 10 had the BEST time at La Viola last night for a bachelorette party!!

We were seated in what I've been affectionally referring to as the "dungeon" because it was windowless and looked like a cave. It ended up being that there were two other bachelorette parties and one bachelor party seated down there with us. There was also some type of baby celebration as well. 

The food was great. Since we had a large group we had a limited menu to choose from, but that was OK. I ended up getting the Buffalo mozzarella and tomato salad as well as the orecchiette with sausage and chicken. Both dishes were excellent. The one thing that I didn't like, though, was the Caesar salad. I tried some of my sister's and it tasted like straight up fish. Not anchovies, not garlic, but fishy fish. It was odd. Everyone agreed. That was really the only negative thing I have to say, though.

The desserts were good - I tried the tiramisu, tartufo, and chocolate cake. All three were pretty decadent and large sized. 

The final bill was a bit pricey for a BYO ($65.00 per person, with tip), but what are ya gonna do?

What I really loved about our dinner was how fun the entire group of people seated in the dungeon was. All of the tables were laughing together and giving toasts and sharing drinks. Even the wait staff was entertained. At one point there was even a "USA!" chant going on.

At some point later in the night I think the baby celebration table got annoyed with us, so we ended up leaving to continue our fun night. Way to be party poopers!!

Anyway, it may have been that the people down there with us were really what made this an awesome night, but whatever. Props to La Viola for facilitating a fun atmosphere for all of us!
While the food was delicious, the service was horrible. I arrived for a surprise birthday dinner and was directed to take the stairs to the basement through what appeared to be a server's section, which confused me a bit. I turned to ensure I was going the right way and the greeter was gone. I found my way to the basement and was immediately confused. There was no direction, so I followed a long corridor to the dining area. After seating myself and having small talk, the guest of honor arrived. We waited another 2 long hours before the staff took our orders. Then, we waited another 45 minutes or so to have the food. Our party was large so we asked (before ordering our food) if the bill could be split to which they rejected. We asked how many cards could be taken, to our surprise and annoyance, the response was two per table. (What they meant was two per party.) After eating, our friend was surprised with a birthday cake that another friend purchased elsewhere. As we were finishing up, I, seated and angled perfectly witnessed kitchen staff eating a piece of my friend's cake. I mentioned it to others and at least three of us witnessed it. We approached management but they denied the incident and refused to give us the owner's name. The last straw was when we received the bill. Although it was itemized, it was HAND WRITTEN, rather poorly. The only positive thing about the evening was the food. But, I will add, my friend wanted spaghetti and meatballs which they don't have. She was quite shocked. Overall worst experience for a down town Philadelphia restaurant. I will NOT be returning.
La Viola is one of my favorite date-night restaurants in Philly. It is a reasonably-priced and delicious BYOB with options for everyone. They also have a wonderful Valentine's Day price fixe menu, which is hard to find for a night where most restaurants jack up the prices. They have two locations right across the street from each other to accommodate how busy they get. I would highly recommend going here either on a date, with friends, or with family - it really is appropriate for any occasion!
Came here for a birthday get together on Saturday and I must say this place is really good. Loved the ambiance of the restaurant, and the food came in good time and didn't have to wait to long. I tried every dish that  everyone  had got and they were amazing but my two favorite dishes here were the pasta special which had a beet pasta with shrimp and veal and everything complemented well with every bite you take, and my other favorite was the lobster ravioli was really good and I absolutely loved the lobster as it complemented well with the sauce and cheese.
Went here for dinner recently. First off, the restaurant is cash only. There's a bank of america down the street if you need it. Secondly, La Viola Ovest is right across the street from La viola (regular type).. I don't quite get why the owner would want to pay rent on two locations, but that's his decision. La viola Ovest is open on Mondays--I think the decor of LVO is much nicer, with a more open tablescape. The lighting is also much nicer. We went to dinner at around 6 PM, and the restaurant was half full. By the time we left at around 7, it was completely full-- so make reservations if you plan on visiting any time after 6. 

As far as food goes, I was completely satisfied. We ordered the Penne alla caruso ($10), which is a penne pasta in a slightly creamed tomato vodka sauce with peas and pancetta. The pasta was cooked perfectly al dente and the sauce was not overpowering. The pancetta was a bit on the salty in 1 inch chunks, which I wasn't a fan of, but if you like pancetta, you'll like it. We also got a chicken dish ($14) topped with prosciutto, asparagus, and fontina cheese. The chicken was moist and when you got the perfect bite of chicken, asparagus and proscuitto, it was heaven. The dish came in a mild tomato sauce with braised lettuce and potato. 

Overall value is great, as portions were more than adequate with a low price tag. I find that some Italian places have a tendency to provide behemoth amounts of food for a $$$-- which to me, isn't worth it. Instead, LVO allows you to eat like a human and leave with some dignity. The specials sounded really good too, there was a special squid ink pasta dish served with a lobster tail that sounded really good, but again-- I felt weary about getting a dish with "lobster tail," because most places give you a tiny morsel with you guessed it, a 100% markup. 

Ignore my rambling--- try LVO, you'll be pleasantly surprised :)
The people that wrote good reviews must not know good food or restaurants. No one should EVER go to this restaurant unless dragged there.  The food isn't good (been more than once to give it another try), the service isn't good, and they overbook every single table.  

If you think you have a reservation, think again.  We waited an hour and a half to be seated for a birthday reservation, and all they could tell us was, your table will be ready in 15 minutes!  No apologies and no compensation offered.  

I asked to speak to the manager and before I could even get a full sentence out he cut me off to say, ok dessert is in us.  Really buddy?  You are going to give us dessert, which we may not even want, for an hr and a half wait for a reservation.  Time is money and this place sucks.  Still fuming that I had to eat at such a crappy place.

Save your money and eat somewhere else
First of all I don't give 5 stars ( that would indicate perfection)   Just had a retirement/family dinner here. First time at this restaurant, not a disappointment in any way. I'm a fan of BYOB an this is a great one, the food is very fresh and well prepared. Not just a pasta house but they serve great pasta as well. I had veal with spinach and crab , the sauce was delicate , veal tender even the vegetables , toothy and very flavorful. My wife had the special ( frenched lamb) done to order with a great grilled char yet tender and rare, delicious!!  I had cautious feelings about the service after reading the reviews on line, unfounded to say the least, the wait staff was very attentive and efficient, didn't feel rushed or ignored, our waiter checked on the table regularly but not hovering. It was my daughter that selected the restaurant ( she knows I enjoy good food ) this was a perfect choice and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this restaurant for a great meal and service, the only drawback was the typical center city parking, forget street parking just go to a parking garage and expect to pay as much for parking as your entree. Bon appetite
Had dinner here last night (restaurant week), with friends and everything was delicious - we were seated promptly by the window (it wasn't real crowded), and the service was excellent - they opened our bottles promptly and the ice bucket was brought over immediately. The food was excellent - I had been here before and was looking forward to the calamari and shrimp (wasn't disappointed). I had the spaghetti & shrimp, friends had the strip steak (a special), and veal dish, and they both enjoyed them, and my husband had the linguine & seafood, and he cleaned his plate - no doggie-bags last night. Dessert selections were sparse - tiramisu and tartuffo, but we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves, and will definitely return. The price was right at $35.00 per person...gotta love Restaurant Week!
It's been a long 7 years since I've been to La Viola, for no particular reason ( not because I had a bad experience, I just haven't come across the appropriate occasion!) 

First off, don't forget BYOB no corkage fee and CASH ONLY, ATM is available across the street if you forget. 

Last night I went with two other friends for Restaurant week where they offered 4 course menu for $35 + tip + tax.

First off, service was above par -- we were greeted at the door with a choice of which table we wanted. Honestly I was surprised the restaurant wasn't packed, being it was the first night of Restaurant Week. Server came over and explained the menu, the fish of the day as well as the soup of the day and gave us an appropriate amount of time to decide. 

The restaurant is small, personal and intimate good for close friends, family or a special romantic occasion.

Both of my friends enjoyed their dishes very much. The mussels in white wine sauce was good, the truffled risotto was rich and decadent and the seared tuna my friend said " was one of the best he's ever had". 

My food was  3 stars. The homemade mozzarella was good, but lacking a little salt when paired with the tomatoes for me. The mushrooms were very flavorful, but the portion was actually a little too big -- or oddly served on its own without either bread or something to eat the mushrooms with. That's probably a better appetizer to share with the table and not eat on your own. My entree which was the Pappardelle pasta served in a garlic sauce with shrimp and asparagus ( I asked without proscuitto since I don't eat pork) was OK but honestly a little underwhelming. The flavors didn't seem to marry, as in it felt like I was eating pasta, with shrimp and asparagus rather than one cohesive dish. I was also a little sad and disappointed that the pasta was not homemade -- not that they incorrectly described the dish on the menu, but I was hoping/expecting that at an authentic Italian restaurant they'd make their own pasta as i absolutely LOVE the texture of homemade pappardelle pasta and I think that could have truly lifted this dish.

Overall, I was quite a bit underwhelmed with my experience and not sure that I'd be back based on my food experience, but my party seemed to love theirs. 

3.5 yelps for good service, ambiance and average food.
My husband and I have been eating here for ten years. The food, service and quality has remained consistent. It's always fabulous foodie pleasure eating here.
Good food.  Used to sitting on top of other diners at other Philly-area BYOBs, so that wasn't a problem.  Waitstaff is a little crazed.  Food was delish.  Good for a party of 4 or more- wouldn't recommend it if you're looking for a romantic dinner.  Ordered the penne with vodka- the pancetta was visible, most places throw in a token piece or two.  Also got the mozz/tomato/basil salad- tomatoes looked very sad.
This place sucked. Got the over cooked shrunken mussels, asked the water for the heartiest dish and he pointed out the seafood pasta which was nothing more jan two clams, two shrimp and 5 small ass over cooked mussels over some undercooked pasta watery sauced pasta.

On top of that there are a bunch of under aged rich spoiled brats drinking shots of fireball from a bottle due to their BYOB policy and lack of carding
Would give 0 stars if it were an option. Arrived with a party of 11, and was treated poorly from the outset. Waiter refused to acknowledge the table repeatedly and busboys frequently knocked into us. When one of our members was delivered his food, he was asked by the waiter what he had ordered. The waiter the realized his mistake, yelled at our party member, took the plate to another table and delivered it to another guest--a clear food safety violation. When the food for three others arrived, waiters literally threw it on the table in front of them. I asked them to apologize, and they rolled their eyes and walked away. All the food was cold, too. Unbelievable.
Visited Philly this weekend for the first time, read lots of great reviews on La Viola and I must say this place was delicious.  I am from NYC and eat out all the time and this place is up there with NYC Italian restaurants.  We had the lobster ravioli which was awesome!! and the chicken rolatini with smoked ham and fontina cheese....also delicious....you will not be dissapointed with this place if you are looking for good italian food..if you want a quiet romantic dinner eat at home!!..ohh and we were amazed at how low priced all the dishes were!!....cant wait to go back...enjoY!
La Viola is a decent place to get food, but there are so many other Italian BYOBs in Philly and this one is not my favorite.

The service was very good. We actually went to the wrong one first (there are two- one across the street from the other). We got there in a downpour and the guy at the first one was kind enough to hunt down an umbrella to get us across the street without getting too wet. I thought that was pretty sweet.

Well we had a big group (11 I think?) and had originally had reservations. They could not find our reservations when we got there, which ended up not being a big deal because they had the room. If they had been busy though, it would have been disastrous. It's not easy to find a back up for a group that big.

I had the mushroom appetizer and the gnocchi for my main. Both were good, but nothing super special. Dessert was very good though. We had a bunch at the table and I tried a bite of a few which were all very tasty.

This place is also super cheap. Someone said in a previous review that it's like a beginner BYOB. I can definitely see that. The food is familiar and inexpensive. Nothing to wow me but I left satisfied.
Would have been a great dinner, if not for the service! We were there Saturday, had reservations for four at 8pm. We were sat at a dirty table, wine stains and crumbs all over the table cloth. It took them 10 minutes to stop by and fix it. Then our waiter had to be asked 3 times to open our bottles of wine (pretty important for a BYO I'd say) and forgot my Dad's soda twice. Food was excellent and priced well - the calamari appetizer was delicious and tender, as was the veal. House made pastas were sticky and stuck in large clumps though. It took 25 minutes, after asking, to get our check. We were sat for over 2 and a half hours because of how poor the service was. Not worth coming back to, since there are other great BYOs in the city that can handle  some volume on a Saturday night.
I don't think I had the proper La Viola Experience. But then again, for they place they are, they should be able to whip out a pasta dish left and right no matter what. 

Me and the sister ended up here last evening for dinner, she has been here before, and my first time. I was outrageously hungry and just wanted a mouthful of goodness. Did not care about salads, antipasti or anything else, I meant business and I wanted warm pasta. My sister ordered the Gnocchi Al Fileto Di Pomodoro and I the Farfalle with Shrimps in Pesto Sauce. The Gnocchi was soft and perfectly bite sized and soft and buttery and simply wonderful! But that was not my dish. My Farfalle was al dente to the point I felt like It was from yesterday, and could not soak up any of the wonderful pesto sauce in the bottom of the plate. I was just really disappointed, not at La Viola personally, but I was starving and when this girl is starving, she will cry if the food isn't good. 

Also, finding out that it was cash-only at the end of the meal was kind of weird. Not sure why they don't take card, it would be wonderful if they did. My sister had to run to the bank to get more ash out, since we don't really ever carry cash. 

Our servers were very attentive and always around for whatever we needed, one of them even cracked a cute line of sarcasm. I always welcome sarcasm, good ones! I am telling myself they are better than my Farfalle that went wrong, I would go back but just wouldn't order that particular dish. Lovely outdoor seating across from Monk's too.
La Viola is a fancy Italian restaurant run by friendly Russian proprietors but with just mediocre food. We came here as a large group and enjoyed the ambiance and the space. In my opinion, the appetizers and the entrees were a bit lackluster given the price - there wasn't anything wrong with the dishes, they were just kind of "meh." The tiramisu for dessert was awesome, though. If you love Italian food, then consider checking out La Viola for a fancy night out with family or friends. But if you're looking for more flavorful cuisine and/or you want something cheaper and more casual, consider other options.
So La Viola West is quite the double edged sword in my book. 
If I was just rating the food it would be a no-brainer 5 out of 5. Everything I have gotten here was AMAZING. I especially love the lemon chicken, the sauce is out of this world. Also their bread is very good. If you stick around for dessert the cannoli cake is like dying and going to heaven. 
BUT
There are some issues as well. My biggest issue is with the wait staff. Not sure if it is just a cultural difference but there is such thing as being too attentive. I don't need a waiter standing behind me waiting for the second my glass gets below 1/2 full. Also they often seem to rush you after you sit down. I want to sit, drink wine, and talk with my friends. Within 2 minutes of sitting down our waiter was pushing us to order and seemed exasperated when I told him I needed more time. Also you can't order appetizers first and then your meal when the appetizer comes out...the waiter claims you have to do it all together. If TGI Fridays can manage to keep appetizers and meals separate I feel like this place could too. 
Finally, they have like a two card limit for paying your bill...if you charge $20 + dollars per plate you can afford the 3 cent swipe fee. Overall their wait staff just needs a few lessons in how we dine in America.
I would always come back because the food is so wonderful...La Viola don't let me down again!
Decent BYOB without a corking fee. 

The prices listed on yelp and on the restaurant's website menu were not accurate. Everything is about $3 more expensive than listed, therefore a plate of pasta averages around $17 and the veal is about $21. Another unusual thing was that there was no music playing so it was a completely silent meal. 

It was a decent italian meal but I would have priced it more within the $10-$15 per entree range.
Where should I start? To say we were rushed through our meal would be an understatement. To put things in perspective I'll provide you with a little timeline.
7:15pm walked from our hotel in Philadelphia 
7:30pm arrived at the restaurant for our reservation
7:40pm served appetizers
7:50pm served dinner
8:15pm dessert
8:30pm check
We literally had elbows and arms flying all over the place, served by like 100 different people, never really had a chance to get comfortable, couldn't have a conversation. Even paying the bill was like a 50 yard dash. Before I could even close the book one of the servers reached over me to grab it asking if I was finished. If you ever want to experience how uncomfortable it is to eat in a lions den come here for dinner.
I went here the other night for a friend's birthday and it was incredible! I got a salad as an appetizer, salmon for dinner, and a canoli cake for dessert. Everything was to die for! My friend ordered the spinach gnocchi and was in love with that as well.
Came here for a work dinner. The food was okay, nothing extraordinary I had the gnocchi it was normal to expectations. However, it was green so I assume it had plant based ingredients also the portion was huge, about 20 gnocchi very decent sized dumplings. Service was good and everyone is authentic in that they spoke Italian very well. The place could use a facelift. While it look nice, it was a little dated. Also the La viola bistro is across the street while the restaurant is on the other side, so it was super confusing. The bistro also has a larger sign so make sure to see which one you want.
Second visit to La Viola and it totally outdid the first visit.  

By far, the best part of the experience was the servers that we had.  In particular, we had two gentlemen who admired the swanky, over-the-top yet celebratory bottle of wine and port that we brought with.  After several attempts to get them to try some of each, they gave in for a quick sample.  Maybe that sounds strange but both of these guys were really cool and down to earth .....on top of that they definitely appreciated a good wine and port so it was worth sharing.

As far as the meals go, there were some specials that included a pasta/seafood dish and a fillet; I ended up going with the fillet.  My lady went with the veal marsala and we split the gnocchis as an appetizer because the gnocchis are AWESOME.  Seriously, these Gnocchis are like little pillows of deliciousness.

For desert we had coconut and pistachio gelato which was chunky and delicious.  A very well-rounded meal.

Don't believe the negative reviews, check it out for yourself!!!  Yes, you may have to wait a little bit even if you have a reservation but that's because this place is popular, not very big, and people seem to stay there longer because nobody is rushing them out the door like other restaurants.

Listen, if you want to spend a ton of money for comparably delicious food and be served by a snobby server at a pretentious restaurant, you can march over to any other Rittenhouse restaurant of your choice.
Since I travel for work this is a place where you get a different atmosphere than most restaurants where you see families come that seem to be regulars or are at least treated like they are. It's a nice change and makes it a unique gem. The food is very reasonable in price. Since the pasta is homemade it just added to the deliciousness of the main dish I ordered. I wanted to eat the whole dish but I couldn't after the smokes trout salad I had ordered and the rich flavor of the pasta dish. I would definitely go back to this place! Remember to bring cash and wine/beer if you come here because they don't sell alcohol.
Checked La Viola for dinner week 1 of restaurant week.  The food was solid.  I enjoyed the grilled octopus and veal rollatini while my friend had the fresh mozzarella and some sort of chicken entree. No complaints, overall it was decent meal and I am happy to have tried during restaurant week. And bonus it's BYOB.
Please do not go here if you want an enjoyable dining experience. While the food was underwhelming, the biggest problem was their inattentive and rude service. After finishing our main courses (which took longer than we expected), we were not approached by a waiter to clear our plates or ask if we wanted coffee or dessert for over an hour! They easily could have made an extra $40 dollars from my table, but instead our server preferred to chat up another table and ignore us. We even told another server who was refilling waters to tell our server to get us our check, and our server still ignored that request and went to other tables instead. On top of that, the restaurant was definitely ignoring any covid-19 guidelines the city had in place. The only bright spot was that my water was constantly being refilled. Do yourself a favor and choose one of the several other great Italian restaurants in Philly. I have been to plenty Italian restaurants in Philly and across the country, and La Viola Ovest was easily the worst one I've ever been to.
We visited this establishment tonight on Valentine's Night and it was blatantly ignoring the 50% capacity rule as a COVID precaution. When we got there at 6pm, the downstairs dining area where we were seated was empty and we felt good being seated. However, after 15-20 min, after our first course, the place was packed and we noticed they kept bringing more parties in. They filled up their upper and lower dining room to easily 80% capacity, with people sitting side by side and not 6 feet apart. We were so uncomfortable that we asked for our remaining entree and dessert (we were paying for a prix fixe menu) to go. So we paid, took our food, and left. And when we spoke to the manager about how filled the place was, she responded by saying "we're trying our best. And our ventilation is very good". NOT OKAY. It definitely was not safe and they were putting everyone in that restaurant at risk. They had outdoor dining spaces, but no one was seated in there. I understand restaurants are struggling, but that wasn't right. And it sucks because the food was actually tasty. It's just not okay to not follow the protocols set forth to keep both staff and diner safe.
Oh La Viola, the quintessential BYOB of college students and medical students alike. I came with a group of 10, and with our reservation, we were able to be seated right away. With unlimited fresh warm bread to tide us over until our food came, the conversation and drinks flowed effortlessly. The food was decent; I split the gnocchi and lobster ravioli, both of which were reasonably portioned. For dessert, I got the cannoli cake, which is a MUST; highlight of the meal for sure. The service was fine, nothing to write home about, and my group was FINALLY able to determine that the staff is Russian!!! The mystery has finally been solved. Overall, great BYOB with decent food. Bring wine, lots of it, for a great time!
I had been here a few times before and it was always underwhelming but last night was looking to get a quick bite at a BYO and thought ok let's try it. We were sat right between the kitchen and restrooms in the back dining room, which quickly filled up with large parties of 8+ people, as is typical. It is always chaotic here - the servers run around like crazy people, throwing chairs around to accommodate the large parties, running back and forth, etc. It was no different this time. Our server barely looked us in the eye as he took our order - was distracted the entire time by another employee. It was disturbing. We ordered the mussels - they arrived way too quickly and were absolutely horrible - tiny, overcooked, stuck to the shells - completely inedible. When I (nicely) told the person who came to take the plate away, he simply said I am just the busboy I will tell your waiter to come by. Well, our server never came back - not once the entire time we were there! I overheard another woman complaining about the mussels as we waited way too long for our entrees. When the entrees finally arrived, the food was mediocre at best, and again no one ever came by again after dropping off the plates. I finally got so fed up with the piss poor service and food quality that I got up and told the manager it was the worst experience I had ever had and that I was leaving and not paying for such a horrible meal. The manager agreed the meal was "on him" and insisted on preparing us something else and we turned it down. Will never return. As others have said, there are far too many wonderful BYOs in this city with far superior food and service. At this place you are really just a number - it is simply a matter of getting you in and out as quickly as possible. It's a shame too as the bistro across the street has always been wonderful - never had a bad experience. Hard to believe they are affiliated. Worst. Dinner experience. Ever. Trust me. Try across the street or go to Burrata instead.
This place has a great menu with fantastic food. The service here is top notch. We will definitely come back often!!
We're a fan of this restaurant for a LOT of reasons.  First and foremost - its a BYOB Italian restaurant that can accommodate a LARGE party and takes reservations (think like 20-something people, no problem).  Secondly, they are super considerate and don't rush you out/through a meal. 

We came here on Saturday for (my) birthday get-together and had about 10 people; we had 8:30 reservations and were seated with 10 mins of showing up.  
*Points off, there were 2 other LARGE parties in the same room, (including a bachelorette party behind us) and it was WAY too crowded.  We sat down and I was so disappointed that we were squeezed back there and it was soo loud, despite having made reservations over a month ago.  Once we started drinking however, it didn't seem that big of a deal...

We had about 10 bottles of wine (yes...) and still had many opened by the time plates were cleared.  The servers gave us our bill and were very kind about us staying to finish our bottles.  We definitely overstayed our welcome, however because I don't think we left until around midnight, and were being ushered out by vacuums.  
*Bonus points for serving the entire table at the same time; it's so bothersome when 1-2 people have to wait more than 5 minutes for food, once everyone else started eating.

The food never disappoints.  This is definitely not an artisan Italian restaurant, or handmade pasta type-deal, but the have a decent selection of pastas/fish/veal/chicken/vegetarian dishes and they're all good.  I usually stick with pasta (how can I not?!) and am always satisfied.  I've tasted the chicken and fish dishes, and have always been impressed!
Saw La Viola come up for Italian a couple times, but had never heard of it so said I'd give it a shot. It's BYOB, so know that going into it. We walked in and I was a little nervous only because the inside seemed a little dated and there wasn't a soul in there after just opening for service. 

But, the food and service were fantastic. I got the seafood linguine, which had muscles, clams, salmon and shrimp. It was so good and the portion size was perfect. The lobster raviolis looked phenomenal too. My party of 6 left full and happy.  

I truly think the only thing "holding them back" is just an interior refresh. It's a cozy Italian joint.
This place is great! I already reviewed it on a different page, so not sure if there are two entries on Yelp or because there are too locations. I wanted to make sure I reviewed it again. One of my favorite BYOBs in the city. Relatively inexpensive, good food and a friendly staff. I am a fan!
I was so excited to visit this establishment but was disappointed by the end of my visit. I felt extremely uncomfortable in the area where I was seated in, it seemed as if no COVID protocols were followed. The room was definitely almost filled at 100% by time I left which was a risk for both the customers and workers. The menu sounded delicious but the food was mediocre, the service was just okay. For the amount of money spent on the meal I expected more, my pasta was visibly undercooked and undercooked to touch I couldn't take more than a few bites, and my partners meal tasted like straight salt. We were extremely disappointed by both the atmosphere and experience. Maybe on a more quiet day the experience is better but I wouldn't suggest it during a busy time like Valentines Day.
If your looking for a fun place to double date with a buddy to break the ice with a potential possibility this is the place for you. The menu is well scripted and the service is excellent. The only problem I have with this spot is the noise factor. This wouldn't be a place for a quiet romantic night out with the other half however if your on a double date it will definitely make those awkward silences irrelevant....
