Let me preface this review with the fact that I had to wait an entire 24 hours to think of how I wanted to explain to you, the lovely people of Yelp, how I feel about Lacroix. 

You see, I'm totally in love with the place and at a loss for words. And that is a rare, rare thing indeed.

Plus, I needed a whole day to digest the brunch I ate yesterday. In fact, when I left, I felt like I had a food baby in my belly because I looked about 5 months pregnant. And my food orgy went on for a good three hours, so there was plenty of time to eat my way through the restaurant.

First of all, I have to say that I knew it was fancy there, so I kind of expected to feel a little out of place. But as soon as we walked in, there was a friendly, casual vibe that I was totally not expecting. The staff was amazing, and it goes beyond the servers and managers. You see, part of the experience (and seriously, eating brunch here is a total experience) is going back into the kitchen and mingling with the chefs, who are super rad and make me want to go back just so I can sit around and hang out with them. 

Food, food, food as far as the eye can see, buffet style in a beautiful setting, and it's everything from the traditional (eggs, waffles, etc.) to the Iron Chef of brunch. Poached quail eggs, strawberry wasabi shooters, scallop sausage...I could go on forever but there's a word limit on reviews and besides, I don't want to spoil all the fun for you. Just take my word for it and go. You'll have a lovely view wherever you sit, can eat the yummiest food you'll ever put in your mouth and have a story to tell your friends and neighbors. I loved my meal here so much that I'm going to make a bold statement, so I hope you're sitting down:

Lacroix is so good that I wish I could go back to every 5 star restaurant review I've ever written (with the exception of maybe 3) and change them to 4 stars so you understand how awesome it is here. So take my word, Philadelphia. This place will make you weep with joy. And don't forget to wear stretchy pants or a dress, because I promise that when you leave your belly will be ginormous and you'll be ready for a nap. 

Brunch at Lacroix, will you marry me???
April 9, 2017

Celebrating our wedding anniversary with the hubby for brunch at Lacroix restaurant. Hands down the brunch here is consistent, with a multitude of food options for all palates. Our view was spectacular as we  overlooked Rittenhouse Square park. A beautiful, sunny yet cool spring day but no snow, unlike a year prior.

I noted a few menu changes from the last time we I was here with friends and they changed things up behind the scenes in the kitchen with the food stations. The desserts have a room all to themselves. Vegans, vegetarians, carnivores and all the food lovers in-between can find things to enjoy to include but not limited to, sushi, caviar, shrimp, pancakes, breads/sweet breads, lamb, scallops, prime beef, various breakfast meats, cheeses and specialty food fusions from land to sea prepared for the most discerning tats to those who will try anything.

No long review needed here because the food, beverages, ambiance and staff are exemplary. The wait staff work harmoniously with each other so there is always someone around that is attentive and catering to each guests' needs/wants, which is is refreshing and sets the bar for premium customer service.
A few years ago, if you'd have told me I would be sitting in Lacroix for brunch , as the guest of someone from the Rittenhouse Hotel, I would have said, " What is Lacroix"?" followed by " What is "brunch"?"

Yet here I was, on this blustery fall afternoon, sitting amongst the who's who of the Philly socialite scene. Don't ask me how I swung it because even I don't know. I give most of the credit to Yelp, for getting me in with the right people. 

First off, the Rittenhouse is a beautiful yet accessible space, in the heart of Center City, which overlooks the amazing Rittenhouse park. On your way up to Lacroix ( on the 2nd floor) , be sure to check out the tearoom and the atrium, as they are worth the diversion.

I entered Lacroix, and was greeted by a staff that was very friendly and welcoming. Based on movies and TV, one sometimes expects the staff at such places to turn their noses up at common folk , but the faces that greeted me at the enterance were of real people and they treated me not only well but like I belonged, which eased the anxiety of the moment. People often brush off the importance of the hosts, but first impressions can be important and Lacroix nailed it for me.

I passed some buffet tables on my way to my table and my food anxiety began to creep in. There was the initial disappointment of them not having my usual "brunch" of a tube of Pringles and Dr Pepper. Once words like Foie Gras and caviar start getting thrown around, I get nervous that I may starve.

I can assure all regular Joes reading this, that while the offerings were fancier than your average breakfast buffet, they were delicious and plentiful. I was a little concerned that I didn't see any meat but I dug into the appetizers and salads and it was a great start to the meal. 

I was soon informed that the "meat" of the buffet, was located in the kitchen. Having worked in the restaraunt business for years, I think if I was part of the staff, I would hate that patrons were allowed in the back of the house, to wander around and cause general unrest. This was evidenced by the fact that, during our leisurely stay at Lacroix, 2 senior citizens took separate trips to the ground on their way into and out of the kitchen. 

Old people+buffets+steps= comedy..uh..I mean trouble and I will make sure to get a table by the steps, for the show, if I ever return.

That being said, the staff in the kitchen were more than friendly and gracious. That would have been hard for me but they seemed genuinely happy to have us back there.

I'll not list all the food I piled on to my plate and devoured only to say that it was all fantastic and prepared superbly. I would like to mention the desserts, which included chocolate and caramel fountains and what was probably the highlight of the brunch, the liquid nitrogen station.

It was hard to wrap my head around the concept before I actually saw it. Basically, they have a vat of liquid nitrogen, which employs sub zero tempature to flash freeze your food. The very knowledgable attendant took a dollop of a foamy, mousse-like dessert and dropped it into the vat. She turned it once or twice and put it on a plate. The result was a confection with a hard ice-cream like shell, with the soft mousse on the inside. It was pretty cool ( literally) and very tasty.

I also don't want to forget the server and buss staff, who did their jobs to perfection, which is to say, I barely knew they were there. The server was there when we needed him and anticipated our needs without being intrusive and our waters were always miraculously filled and whenever I returned from getting more food, my napkin was fresh and refolded and the remnants of my previous round were stricken from the table. Very impressive.

*Things I learned to pronounce during my stay at Lacroix.
 - mimosa
 - Lacroix ( La cwa)
 - brunch ( I thought the B was silent!)

So I sat with my amazing friends and enjoyed the view of the park, the food was great, the company was better, conversation engaging, belly full and once again, I reflected on how lucky and grateful I was to experience Brunch at Lacroix. Special thanks to my Southern tier sister Lexi, for having me and making the experience even more special. I recommend people of.all walks of life to experience Lacroix at least once in their lives. It's as good as Philly gets. 

Just one suggestion, Lacroix....pringles and Dr Pepper. The other white meat.
This place is brunch on steroids. If your looking for a special occasion spot this is a winner. We were a large party and had great accommodations with a semi-private room. We were escorted through each of the stations (which included walking into the kitchen where more food options were presented) The presentation was a foodies dream. Pillars of petite complicated but delicious bites. Don't get me wrong you will be stuffed when leaving. Highlights are the create your own Bloody Mary bar and the liquid nitrogen apple cider dessert. I was extremely impressed with Lacroix!
I have to give this places 5 stars.  I went during restaurant week (not always the best time to experience a restaurant), and it was still incredible.  The food, atmosphere, and especially service were spot on.  I've found that restaurant week service can be hit or miss (looking at Pearl for a giant swing and a miss), but Lacroix still provided probably some of the best service I've ever come across.

I agree with the other reviews about the friendly/formal service, and the fantastic food, so I won't belabor the point.  I had the tomato grilled cheese soup, monkfish with mussles and cous cous, and the nomel from the restaurant week menu.  All were very good, but the soup was probably my favorite: velvety tomato soup with aged parmeasan.  It really tasted like an upscale version of the comfort favorite, grilled cheese and tomato soup, combined into one bowl.

My only problem with Lacroix was finding in the first place.  I walked into the Rittenhouse, saw wall placards for Lacroix, and even saw a case with a menu, but couldn't figure out how to get to the restaurant.  I clacked around the halls and contemplated taking an elevator or two, a little nervous to ask since I was unsure of how to pronounce la-kwah without sounding like a jackarse.  Finally I called my friends who directed me to the second floor by way of the elevators around the bend.  Well worth the journey!
I've dined in my share of upscale restaurants featuring fine dining throughout my years and as far as I am concerned, you can keep Lacroix, which is located in the affluent Rittenhouse Square area and inside the swanky Rittenhouse Hotel.

We were greeted by a very friendly hostess, Allyson, who was just as sweet and friendly as can be. Our wait staff of say five, were on top of our every wish and desire and management made it a point to stop by to welcome us and chat a bit. We had tried our best to get a reservation for their famous Sunday brunch, but to no avail, which is something I may still consider trying sometime.

We were there for lunch, a very few tables were seated during our visit, the dining room is classy, with a beautiful bar and windows with perfect views for people watching. The prices for the portions and quality is what left me baffled, how do they get away with it, I mean are they kept alive by unsuspecting hotel guests or folks that love to blow a huge wad of money and still walk away hungry? If it had not been for the bread, that is exactly what would have happened.

I asked to order a glass of wine and the waiter asked what I would like, instead of offering me a wine list. I said, well I'm not sure what all you have but a nice chardonney would be fine. He then said from California? Lol, I said yes that would be fine, I mean please, present some kind of a list or at least have knowledge of choices readily available. The sommelier presented an almost empty bottle and allowed me to sniff, swirl and taste before pouring my incredibly expensive half glass of wine. Hubs snickered, I was tempted to tip the last swallow that was left in the bottle into my glass, but restrained myself.

Michael had the grilled Caesar salad to start, which were three leaves from the heart of the romaine, whole and topped with grilled red onion and parmesan cheese. The portion was small, but the flavor was good. 

Once you have ordered, you are presented with a really great basket of hot bread, the food took awhile to come out, so we pretty well filled up on bread, which was our own fault. Since I had ordered the cheese plate another basket came out, loaded with more bread and crackers and well before the cheese plate, so we dined on more bread.

The cheese plate, I indulged myself with the larger one which came with 6 cheeses and the waiter was kind enough to ask for my likes and dislikes in cheeses, telling him I loved them all but was partial to bleu's, brie, camembert, cheddars and so on.

Twenty-eight dollars gave me and I don't even know how to describe this, one wonderful bleu, and a nice variety of cows milk, sheep milk and goat milk cheeses. What was the problem then? I'm not sure why the huge basket of bread or the large crackers, all of the cheese would not have even covered one cracker! I'm serious! I'm trying to visually picture something to describe the size and thickness and a postage stamp with the thickness of a nickle comes to mind. 

So, not too many choices for the main dish, we were both torn between the cheeseburger or the lobster roll and we each decided to splurge on the lobster roll. Now, mind you that I lived in New England for eight years and that I have often visited. I also make them at home when I get hungry for one.

Twenty five dollars each for the skimpiest, funniest, yes I'm laughing, "lobster roll" I have ever seen! First of all, they make their own rolls, dry, stale short rolls. Then they barely and I do mean barely make a notch out of the top of the roll, to then top it with lettuce and "lobster salad"? 

This lobster salad was loaded with sliced grapes, I mean loaded and I would not be opposed to the slight addition of sliced grapes, as it was different, but where's the lobster? They could not have diced it any smaller, it was the size of chopped onions, the grapes were larger and so very, very little meat. I actually was so tired of bread at that point that I dumped the lobster salad onto my plate and if it would have filled a quarter of a cup, I would have been surprised.

The lobster roll comes with a side of homemade tarragon potato chips, which were okay, they need to lay them out a bit more before seasoning, as some were unseasoned and some were way over seasoned.

Hubs then ordered the large tier of six desserts from the pastry cart. This was a good deal at twelve dollars and a nice small sampling of desserts. He still walked out hungry and he ate that small lobster roll. We walked out, with a whole lot less in our pocket, shrugged our shoulders and said okay, we've been to Lacroix.

By the way, the valet has a field day readjusting the drivers seat. I can see moving it back or forth, but pumping it higher, reclining it?
Holy Sunday brunch, batman! 

After having a lovely restaurant week experience here for dinner and hearing about the sunday brunch through the grapevine, I was very excited to give it a shot. How could gourmet, buffet style brunch be a bad idea? 

Little did I know, however, that I was in for one of the most incredible foodie experiences of my life. This is no joke. Get here for Sunday brunch right away, and do it with speed because I have no idea how I've been missing out on this for so long. 

I went on a date with a very lovely (and smart) man who had been here before not too long ago, and was so excited to go back. We get there and wait a small amount of time in the bar area, all the while I'm looking around at people's plates and chomping at the bit to get going. 

I get the menu and I'm just speechless. I'm reading the humongous list of gourmet, delicious bites and all I can think about is how am I possibly going to sample every single thing on the menu?! Seriously. This was a problem, I see now, that there was no way that I COULD possibly eat everything on the menu. Well, at least I gave the good old college try.

The set up is outrageous. Three main "sections" -- you have your raw bar/appetizers/salads set up in the main dining room. There are tiny one-bite type hors d'oeuvres, and salads on one table, with the raw bar along the wall complete with a couple different types of oysters, sushi, shrimp, smoked fish, and caviar (of course). Then, of course, you enter the outstanding kitchen for the main course selections complete with a carving station and a charcuterie. The desserts are the most overwhelming, as you have a chocolate fountain (fountains, actually), a liquid nitrogen station with frozen mousse, ice cream, and sorbets, and then a whole table(s) of various bite sized pastries. Holy crap.

Dishes worth mentioning include the poached quail egg in Vietnamese beef broth, the duck breast (perfectly cooked), and grilled octopus salad, and whatever the hell kind of mousse the pastry chef froze for me. 

The whole experience is exactly that--an experience. Not a thing to do all the time, but kinda a thing you WANT to do all of the time. Also, if you're trying to impress a lady (or man) who is a known foodie, you'd be a smart man/woman to take your date to this brunch. Well played, new guy... well played.
I have officially recovered from my food coma 19 hours later. This is not a meal for the faint at eating.
Lacroix for brunch was recommended a few months back we were told how great it was though it carried a hefty price tag ,$59.00 per person might seem like a lot but it is worth every penny.
We decided it was worth a chance and started a Lacroix fund -literally a change jar on the bedroom dresser where loose change would go. 3 months later with reservations made and expectations of fabulousness in the air we made the trip and were not disappointed.
Lacroix was like entering a magical place with all your favorite things (similar to my crush on candy land when I was 4).
Located on the 2nd floor of the Rittenhouse Hotel, the view is pretty scenic for anyone sitting down enjoying all of the fabulous things. Our server Chelsea was super friendly and very welcoming. Sometimes we've experienced snotty attitudes from servers while dining in Rittenhouse; not today!! She explained the menu to us and offered beverages. The brunch is broken down into categories; H'orderves /Raw Bar /SALADS, The hot station and deserts. I don't want to ruin it from everyone so ill just list our favorites from each group.
Salad-Pineapple w/ hearts of palm, though im usually not a fan of hearts of palm this salad was fresh and flavorful. The different textures work well together and the dressing its tossed is plays off of the sweetness of the pineapple, very good.
Raw Bar-Jumbo Shrimp cocktail and sushi sign me up I also sampled some of the smoked mackerel.
H'orderves-Olive shortbread with meyer lemon frosting! This was incredible tart olives with buttery shortbread and the sweet frosting was perfectly matched. The beignets were also to die they were fluffy and sweet and came along side apricot frosting DAMN!
Hot Bar-My brunch companion ate a small lamb (the rack is cooked perfectly I'm quoting him) we both enjoyed the mini mc muffins with cantal cheese and caramelized onions, gnocchi's with escargot, diver scallop sausage.
Dessert- tiramisu, dulce de leche cheesecake, sticky buns, chochlate fountain and RICE KRISPIE TREATS

 A few notes
Small portions are recommended so you have room to taste everything and enjoy it, if you really like something you can always go back.

All the wines are 50% off Sundays and Mondays (this includes champagne/sparkling wines)

Don't plan on doing anything for at least 3 hours after you leave 
Please do yourself a favor and go you wont regret it.
Our dinner was a heavenly, leisurely affair, lasting an amazing 4-5 hours[1], with no lulls in delivery. Philip, Ben, and Jean-Paul provided top-notch service in an unobtrusive manner. As soon as we finished a dish, they asked if we were done before taking our plates, and we never were rushed. I was impressed with the evening's little details, including an unexpected free gelato dessert (and a muffin to go) and a (much-appreciated) walk through their kitchen, with Ben as tour guide.

A few other tables were there for Wednesday's wine dinner ($85; special), but we decided to order a la carte. The menu changed since I last saw it; besides the typeface design, there were overt Asian-influenced dishes. To start, we shared Kumamoto and P.E.I. oysters with caviar ($36). My entree, a Muscovy duck breast with rhubarb ($34) was perfect, along with the matching side, a leek casserole with spinach and croutons. The sommelier had paired a glass of wine for each course - the Riesling and Monbazillac were highlights - after all that, I was ready for a nap [2].

Lacroix is committed to excellence and their flawless execution in everything they do makes them worth visiting for any special occasion. (Don't have a special occasion? Make one up!) Highly recommended - tell them I sent you, and ask for Phillip.

[1] It'll rain BEER before I'm disappointed there. We were the roughly the first to arrive, and almost the last to leave.
[2] Suites at the Rittenhouse range from $700 to $3000 a night.
Brunch at Lacroix is an exquisite dining experience that I will remember for years to come. It is buffet style, and the diversity of the offerings is remarkable. It ranges from traiditonal breakfast foods (e.g. eggs, sausage) to seafood (e.g. oysters, sushi) and everything in between. Indeed there is something for everyone, and there are even some things you didn't know you wanted until you tried it (e.g. foie gras ice cream sandwiches). The liquid nitrogen station is way cool, and is equal parts delicious and educational.

I have only been here for brunch so I cannot comment on the lunch/dinner experience. While I would be interested in coming back for lunch/dinner, I'm not sure it will be quite as magical as the brunch experience.
Lacroix is the best fine dining experience available in Philadelphia. This review covers lunch, brunch, and dinner. 

Ambiance:
Lacroix is on the second floor of the Rittenhouse Hotel in Rittenhouse Square. The building is beautiful and exudes class from the lobby to the restaurant itself. Definitely a great spot to grab a drink and meet up with friends for a quiet rendez-vous. The interior of the restaurant is classy but plain, with perfectly ironed table cloths and a nice view of the square. 

Food:
The food is where Lacroix stands out. For dinner, Lacroix serves only a five course tasting menu which changes monthly. Each day different enhancements are available to the menu - the night I visited offered a Waugh Beef enhancement to the main course. The quality of the ingredients is excellent with classic French preparation. Everything works in harmony for a nice progression throughout the meal. There are added surprises including two amuse bouches and a pre and post dessert course. Definitely come hungry. 

For brunch Lacroix serves a buffet including a raw bar, carving station, breakfast station, lunch station, charcuterie, and a dessert station. The brunch is the best way to get a taste of everything Lacroix has to offer. Every station offers unique, delicious options. I love the decadence of the meal from the gold-leafed desserts to the American caviar and traditional garnishes available at the raw bar. What stood out to me was dessert and the carving station. Unfortunately brunch is only available on Sundays. 

For lunch Lacroix serves an a la carte menu. While tasty, it does not compare at all to the dinner or brunch offerings. The choices are pricy and use pretty run-of-the-mill ingredients. 

Drinks:
Bar 210, located within Lacroix, offers a great selection of top-shelf liquors and delicious seasonal cocktails. 

Dinner at Lacroix has an optional wine pairing (offered in two tiers) which I would definitely recommend. While I chose the basic offering, every wine I had paired excellently with each course and helped me expand my knowledge of different wines and vintages from around the world. It was nice having the sommelier come before each course and explain the history and flavor of the wine he had selected. I would say in total the 5 pours of wine totaled 3 full glasses.

Lunch at Lacroix includes lots of freshly squeezed juices and French press coffee. Breakfast cocktails and other selections from the bar can be purchased at an additional fee. 

Service:
Service was impeccable. Everyone I dealt with over the course of my meal, from the hostesses to the waiters, was pleasant, accommodating and knowledgable. I never had to wait for anything and overall the service was world-class. Nothing more to say except for bravo to the team at Lacroix. 

Value:
Dinner and Brunch are well worth the price tag, at 105 per person and 75 per person respectively. The team goes above and beyond in terms of ingredients and service. I would also recommend the basic wine pairing at 90 - I'm excited to try the reserve pairing on my next visit. 

The a la carte menu offered during lunch is not worth the hefty price. The portions are small and dishes unimaginative. I would recommend checking out lunch at one of Starr's restaurants before coming here.
Last few experiences here have been so disappointing and so is it safe to assume that it's because their executive chef has moved on to greener pastures at his new venture, Adsum (http://www.yelp.com/biz/adsum-restaurant-philadelphia) in Coquette's former digs? 

Their kitchen is clearly struggling in his absence.  Regardless, the last few meals have been such a letdown, lacking the complexity, panache and usual refinement of lunches and suppers past. 

Ante up Lacroix, revise your menu, flesh it out and get some life in that kitchen, otherwise I'll be leaving you and following the brilliance of Matt Levin, especially since he'll be serving Fois Gras Poutine (be still my beating heart!!!) at his new spot.
Ok why isn't everyone going here? Maybe because like me, you are thinking a great restaurant at the Rittenhouse is going to be fancy and stuffy and I'm looking at you Le Bec Fin..., yes... kind of boring. 

This was the most laid back, fun and romantic brunch in the city. The staff was fun and friendly and we spent the afternoon there with no sense of being rushed, in fact I felt bad we we finally left that we were letting them down. We were seated at a great table with a view of the park. It made me wish C and I weren't married, just so I could propose to her again.

The brunch is buffet style, but this is not "old country" - the food is straight out of Iron Chef. I started with some delicious hors devours  of quail egg, escargot and an octopus and melon cocktail. The raw bar is great and there are delicious oysters (nice for your romantic arsenal).

The main courses are served from the kitchen, which really helps to break that formality down. There are insane choices, I can't remember all the entrees, but the my two favorite items were the bruschetta with lobster hollandaise and heirloom tomatoes, and the scallop sausage.

While in the kitchen we met the chef, sous chef and some of the other cooks. They were chill and very fun to get to know. I do like to get to know who are cooking and let them know how much I appreciate there hard work.

Then the desserts... oh man. I usually go more for the savory, but the subtleness of the choice challenged and thrilled my taste buds. My favorites were the rice pudding, orange creme d'pot and chocolate basil dish. I had to check myself as not to just take a running dive in the chocolate fountain. Oh yeah, I said chocolate fountain.

We really felt like were left all our hassles and day to day concerns behind and could spend time enjoying each other. When you need a special place to be with people you love, or even like a lot, go to Lacroix and let them indulge you.
Is there Royalty in town?  The Duke and Duchess of Windsor must be dining here today because service like this cannot always be this perfect and attentive.

The only word I can use for this experience is exquisite.

After the Bec Fin disaster of '09, I really thought that fine dining had all but dissappeared from the City of Philadelphia - but I was wrong.

The service - unreal.  You really are treated like royalty here, I kid you not.  Everyone greets you, tends to your every need and whim.  Our service was a perfect dance from beginning to end.

The restaurant itself is majestic - perfect table settings and silver and the ambiance is just pure elegance. 

The food. Ah, the food.  It was exactly what I expected, wanted and more.  Presentation and preparation were perfection.  Baby octopus salad was drool-inducing with precisely cut watermelon cubes and fresh ricotta.  The ceasar salad came with grilled romaine and sweet onions and it was nutty, sweet and rich.  Main courses didn't dissapoint,  salmon and pork belly cooked just right; a baby zucchini and scallop baked risotto had me at the first bite.  We ate in bliss with a crisp white Cote du Rhône (wines by the glass are pretty reasonable, $9 to $13).  After the dénouement came the ideal dessert tray: three levels of miniature offerings: a panna cotta, a kahlua profiterole, a white chocolate and coconut mousse, just to name a magical few.  The whole lot came with a plate with a side of fresh whipped cream and fruits (blackberries, sauteed pineapple and strawberries).

I'm still dreaming of this meal and I don't want to wake up.

You too, can experience this ecstasy.  They have a recession deal with a $24 3-course lunch.  Otherwise, treat yourself - you'll quickly see what you've been missing - royal treatment and all.
I'm been here twice.  Once for regular dining in the regular room and the 2nd time for a dining event in the back room for a group event.

Had a great time both visits.  It is inside a hotel so initially a bit difficult to find.  The ambiance is upscale and great attention to detail by waitstaff.  The food was delicious.  The salmon was tender inside and had a great crispy skin.  The steak was medium rare and cooked to perfection just the right amount of time on heat.  The meat was soo soft that it melted in my mouth.  The only downside is that portions bit on the smaller side.

They have wide selection of drink and wine selections.  We had dessert sampler of tiramisu, cheesecake and chocolate cake.  This was a bit pedestrian though.  I would skip dessert here.  Overall had a good time and nice dining experience.
I'm pretty sure that I am still full from brunch here yesterday. Nope, change that. DEFINITELY still full. 

We've been wanting to try brunch here every since we heard about it. Several months ago we saw a half off gift certificate for Lacroix online and after verifying it would apply to brunch, purchased it. Fast forward to October when I attempted to get a reservation here. And I did. For December. 

I have to say that it was worth every penny of the $59 per person price tag. It's not an every day brunch. This is a gastronomical endurance exercise. 

Everything is bite size, which is both lovely and deceptive. A large table of "appetizers" (too many to name, but our favorites were definite the macaroons, and the waffle/fried chicken panzanella), and a raw bar (sushi, oysters, smoked fish, shrimp) are first. The main entrees are in the kitchen, which is unique. I can't describe the amount of food in here (my favorite was the gnocchi with escargot). But everything we had was lovely and perfectly cooked. And finally, the desserts: a table of small bite size treats (like lemon cheesecake), and the absolutely fabulous chocolate fountains (mango marshmallows to dip!). There was also a liquid nitrogen station. Fascinating to watch, delicious to eat (the flavor that day was mint chip). 

We didn't get to try the belgian waffles, the fruit tray, or the breads (muffins, bagels, etc.). No wonder people become regulars! 

Service is top notch. If they were aware we had a gift card, they didn't show it. Attentive servers, plates whisked quickly away, friendly, and professional. 

It's worth noting that bottles of wine are half price on Sundays. We couldn't manage to drink anything but water, but if you're not as ambitious with the buffet as we were, it's a great deal.
BRUNCH AT LACROIX

If you haven't been to the Sunday brunch at Lacroix, you don't know what you are are missing.  The best brunch in Philly!

TRY THIS VIDEO ON FOR SIZE--Liquid nitrogen-frozen blueberry-thyme mousse with lemon curd center, being prepared to order in the kitchen during brunch:

http://youtu.be/El1aUqBNtwU
Lacroix is, by far, the best restaurant in Philadelphia. I have eaten there about 5 times for dinner over the past 3 years, as well as twice for brunch and countless times for happy hour. The food goes without saying - it's not only delicious, every single time, but also unbelievably unique and interesting. The choice of flavors - white chocolate, bacon 
& lobster ravioli anyone? - never ceases to amaze me.

Last night I went to Lacroix for Valentine's Day and was once again beyond pleased with my meal. I had the signature Lacroix salad (included caramel brittle! I'm telling you, the flavor combinations are to die for) and the lobster entree, which was cooked perfectly, and my date had the octopus appetizer and striped bass. We also enjoyed the chocolate fountain at the end of the night, as well as a few recommended desserts, which (no surprise here!) were all fantastic. Even the strawberries are better than everyone else's!

And while I clearly love the food at Lacroix, I must take time to discuss the service. The wait staff, hosts, bartenders, chefs, and all other employees are so above and beyond the best in the city words really can't even describe them. Chris, my favorite waiter at ANY restaurant I have ever been to, not only remembers me each time I come back but also remembers what we talked about at our previous dinners. Jean-Paul and Z (won't even try spelling his name) are so friendly and helpful, without being overbearing, that it's hard to imagine going anywhere else.

It means a lot for me to say that Lacroix is my favorite restaurant of all time - I love to eat, and enjoy trying new restaurants as much as possible. But, if someone were to ask my to choose just one, I would have to go with Lacroix, hands down.
Words cannot express how much I love the brunch at Lacroix! I've been here twice for their Sunday brunch buffet and have been totally impressed both times. From the ambience, the views, the food and their stellar service, Lacroix really pulls out all the stops. The restaurant is located on the 2nd floor of the Rittenhouse Hotel and has great views overlooking Rittenhouse park (ask for a table near a window). The brunch buffet is $75 and does not include any beverages, but before you have a heart attack over that price, please, let me assure you that it is well worth every single penny! 

The buffet selection is massive, encompassing two sections in the dining area as well as multiple sections in the kitchen (yep, you get to go into the kitchen!). If you've never been before, the friendly staff will give you a tour of all their food sections. The dining room sections of the buffet include a salad section, a raw bar (oysters, caviar, sushi, salmon, shrimp cocktail), a dessert section and a Bloody Mary bar. In the kitchen, you have a chocolate fountain and crepes area, a carving station, Belgian waffle section, bread table, breakfast food section, hot food options (pastas, braised duck, chicken dishes, vegetarian dishes, etc) and finally, a meat and cheese bar. I advise any first timer to definitely pace themselves because you can get full quickly.

In addition to the food, I must really give a nod to their stellar service. You are treated like royalty and I appreciate that they don't act pretentious or stuck up. Everyone there was so friendly and attentive, but without hovering over your every step. I can't say enough good things about the brunch at Lacroix and highly recommend the splurge!
This brunch is amazing. As tourists from DC the closest we have to this brunch is the Four Season and Ritz Carlton brunches. 

Price: For two people and a Bloody Mary it was about $210.00 on an average Sunday. Mother's Day 2016 with 6 people was $970.00. 

Valet: Pull into the Rittenhouse hotel for valet, it is $20.00 with validation. Take the elevators to the 2nd floor and make a left to see a sign "Lacroix 210". Bathrooms are available in the restaurant and on the second floor lobby near the Grand Piano.

Service: My jacket was taken and we were seated promptly for our 11 AM reservation. 
Our waiter was a bit shaky, he was a younger guy, but he took so long to get the iced, bottled, and sparkling water going, let alone my vodka, that we got up without his guidance and headed to the buffet. Fortunately the capable host saw our overwhelmed faces and took us on the tour. I HIGHLY recommend you allow someone to show you around for the tour if it is your first time here! 

Experience: First they walk you back into the working kitchen! The menu is EXTENSIVE and the heartiest food is back here. Chefs will carve and serve a majority of the food to you. The best desserts (hello liquid nitrogen apple cider and chocolate fountain!!) are in the kitchen as well. 

Exiting the kitchen you'll find desserts, healthy desserts, and Vietnamese styles desserts sitting next to a mini Buddha. 

The main hall contains smaller, appetizer portion plates. This food here was a little too much for my palette. I like my brunches to be simple, smoked salmon, omelettes, champagne or vodka, and bacon. lol

Speaking of omelettes there is not a traditional omelette station. Request your omelette through your waiter and he will bring it directly to your table. The bloody mary bar is next to the host stand. They were only missing bacon as far as I could tell. (they have bacon they just don't have it at the Bloody mary bar).

We were in a rush to get to the football game but we could have easily stayed here for hours enjoying the range of foods. 

Attire: I was in black leggings and a long sweater. My boyfriend was a in dark pants, a football jersey, and a Northface coat. We did not feel out of place at all. There were people in collared shirts and dresses but there was also a couple next to us in a t-shirt and sweatpants.

Ambiance: The ambiance here is much more relaxed than a Ritz Carlton brunch and we loved it!
The four-year-old Lacroix at the Rittenhouse restaurant, named for executive chef Jean Marie Lacroix, is nestled on the Rittenhouse Hotel's second floor. Lunch, dinner and Sunday brunch are offered with a distinctly French flavor.

A co-conspirator and I met on a Wednesday night in December. I picked her up around 7 and we killed time as our reservation wasn't until 8. (Reservations essential.) After checking our coats, we were seated quickly. A trickling fountain with stones could be seen as we walked to our seats. From our table, we had a pleasant view of the square's treetops, decorated with holiday lights.

The dining room and washrooms were clean, comfortable, and well-decorated. Green and yellow hues colored Lacroix. An array of silverware was laid on the tablecloth. Mercifully the place wasn't pitch-dark - lantern lights helped illuminate the mirrors on the walls.

The dress code is "business casual" though dinner felt more like a coat-and-tie affair.

It was none too noisy considering it was midweek. The other diners weren't rowdy: there was a small party near us having a grand old time and a few couples scattered about. Light, soft music played some of the time, creating lulls during dinner.

Reviewing the tasting menu, I asked if the meal could be arranged for us. For each course, we would both receive different dishes.

Tasting menus put emphasis on the food itself, not stuffing your gullet. Portions are typically small: in Lacroix's case, the first plates were the smallest, with later plates increasing in size. Each course is set by the chef and presented in a particular order. Since food choices are usually chosen with a theme in mind (showcasing the chef's talent), this gave us the opportunity to sample the chef's palate and psyche.

We received a l'amuse bouche before our dishes:
- Mixed organic greens encrusted with peppercorns
- Dish with mushrooms, small sweet apples and pears
- House cold cured Casco Bay salt cod with ham, Italian parsley salpicon, sweet garlic, Osetra caviar
- Crisped Atlantic skate wing with braised chanterelles, confit of shallot, creamed with almonds
- Walleye pike gnocchi with crayfish bisque, Moroccan limes, and artichoke
- A game bird - pigeon - served medium-rare on top of French toast
- Aiguillette of Four Story Hill Farm avian poularde, sliced thinly, in a thick sauce
- Roasted Canadian bison rib eye with a red cabbage marmalade, julienned honey crisp apples, and a sauce diablo
- Roasted Niman Ranch lamb saddle noisette - braised chop with a sweet potato, coconut medic

We closed the meal with a chocolate mousse (with cocoa powder) and a sorbet (which was a riot of tart flavors). Since we were celebrating a birthday, Lacroix provided a tiffany box cake with a birthday greeting and my partner-in-crime's name on the plate.

Service was on-par with other French establishments - our table was cleared quickly, refreshments arrived when needed, and waiters weren't difficult to attract. Our server was helpful and knowledgeable. Before each course, he described our dishes. I was a little disappointed that he missed some - as much as my friend and I know about food, there were items that we couldn't identify!

Dinner was a serious exercise in gustation. Each dish was an unusual team of flavors - some were on the salty side. Comparatively speaking, Lacroix was a decent deal: per person, a five-plate menu and dessert is $75.

For a meal of this caliber, our meal took more than two-and-a-half hours. The hours we experienced pushed the envelope for a five-course meal. When we were ready to go, they offered to call my car over as I had taken advantage of the valet parking (not free).

Lacroix is effortlessly classy. Fine cuisine is an art; Lacroix, with his attention to detail, tries hard to satisfy. However, Lacroix is not for everyone. It is not appropriate for impatient folks or small children unless you are a sadist. Appropriate for a romantic repast or other special celebration, if you like French cuisine or are just an epicurean, consider Lacroix.
I went here for lunch yesterday to take advantage of their RW $20 menu. It was worth it. I got their fresh greens salad that has a light vinaigrette dressing that was not over powering or over dressed. I picked their chickpea dish as my entree and it was amazing. Really bright and flavorful, well seasoned, served with baby carrots, toasted almonds and smoked raisin puree. Now I normally hate raisins but this gave a nice balance to the almonds and helped balance the seasoning of the chickpeas themselves. I ate it all and had to restrain myself from licking the plate. Then we were given their trio of desserts. The standouts were the caramel cheesecake and the raspberry tart. Enjoying these little desserts while enjoying a cup of tea and the view of Rittenhouse Park on beautiful day made for a wonderful overall experience. The portions were a great size, not large, but not too small to where you felt hungry or lacking. The service was very friendly and attentive but not pushy, snooty, or oppressive. We did not feel like we were being hustled or were less welcome because we came during RW. This is now on the top of my list of places I will return to and indulge.
I have been lucky enough to eat at Lacroix THREE times in my life. The food is so good that I'm glad I don't live nearby, otherwise I'd find some way to eat here regularly... like by mugging little old ladies out walking their yorkshire terriers in Rittenhouse Square or something. Even if I could afford to eat here more than once a year, I wouldn't want to. The food is so fantastic that I just wouldn't want it to become "normal" or a regular part of my routine. 

I've had a 4 course tasting menu each time I've been, and the food is so excellent that I've braved new things, such as skate. The way it works is that it's all a tasting menu. You just choose how many courses you want and then you can pick from anything on the menu and put it in any order. The staff is happy to assist you in avoiding ruining your meal by doing things like suggesting you not order three plates of heavy meat in a row, but perhaps alternating with a light soup or salad along the way. 

The service is impeccable... Top notch. I think what I love about the service is that they don't assume you know everything about food or strange ingredients, they will guide you through the menu and don't toss around any haughty attitude if you decide that you do want to go ahead and have all meat, all the way through, or that you'd like to just have multiple courses of soup, or two dramatically flavored dishes in a row... They'll caution you, nicely, against it, but if that's what you really want, then you can rock on with your bad self! They also have a way of using a gentle humor that takes the edge off of being in such a nice joint. Yes, it's a phenomenally upscale place, but no one is going to look down their nose at you if you should use the wrong fork, or ask what venison is. 

If you are lucky enough to come here for dinner, plan on making an evening of it. The courses are well-paced, allowing you to have time to digest a bit in between plates and to let your palate settle. If someone at your table gets 5 courses and everyone else gets 3, then the pace of the meal will be suited to the 5 courses. Chef La Croix will not leave the others hanging in the meantime, however! He'll send out a small taste of soup or some sort of palate cleanser while the 5 courser has his extra dishes. You can expect to spend 2-4 hours leisurely dining, so you'd better like the people you're with. Heck, even if you don't like them, like if they're business people you HAVE to eat with, as long as they're paying or it's on your expense report, go for it - it's worth it even if you can't stand your dinner-mates.  

To finish the evening, there is a great cheese course and, finally, dessert is always on Chef Lacroix.

I believe Chef Lacroix does a seasonal take-out brunch thing on the weekends where you can get a brunch to take onto the square, and he's always doing special events, such as a guided tour to the farmers' market, holiday dinners, or special meals that are themed around specific wines. 
 
As a final bonus, you will not find the ever-annoying Rachel Ray (and her "$40 a day") dining here. 5 stars on that alone...
Gorgeous Sunday brunch! The buffet setup reminds me of a wedding reception. In a good way!

Appetizers are set along one long table - today's offerings included bites of ZUCCHINI FARRO SALAD
SMOKED SALMON BLINIS
STINGING NETTLE SPANOKOPITAS

There is a raw bar centerpiece along the back wall 
ALL YOU CAN EAT CAVIAR
SHRIMP COCKTAIL
WEST AND EAST COAST OYSTERS
SMOKED HERRING AND TROUT

You can retrieve your entrees from the kitchen! So you are allowed to walk through and take a behind-the-scenes peek at the chefs preparing meals for room service and prepping for dinner. Entrees offered include

DIVER SCALLOP SAUSAGE
CHILI CALAMARI STIRFRY
SMOKED ANCHO PORK LOIN
LOBSTER GNOCCHI TAGINE

Everything is beautifully and meticulously presented. Waitstaff is wonderfully attentive. They will offer you a tour for all you first-timers!
Honestly the only times I eat at a buffet is in Vegas. With that said, EVERY HOTEL IN VEGAS SHOULD COME HERE AND TAKE SOME NOTES. The Lacroix Sunday brunch buffet is seriously the BEST I have ever had... yes, BRUNCH, not dinner. At $65/person it should be damn well near perfection right? Lacroix did not disappoint. Located in the Rittenhouse hotel, this restaurant overlooks the park and is beautiful without being too stuffy. 

I was worried we would be undressed (which we were, kinda) but no one seemed to judge us too much. The highlights were the portion size of foods as well as their attention to detail for every dish. Everything was bite sized so I got to try the entire spread. You walk in and are greeted by cold appetizers and then an impressive spread of cheeses and caviar (4 different kinds!!). The hot food section is located inside the freaking kitchen, awesome. You wander around in the kitchen while the chefs are replenishing the hot trays. They had everything-- mini egg muffin sandwiches, gnocchi, waffles, and much more.

And then the desserts... Nitrogen frozen ice cream and a chocolate fountain as well as your creme brulee, short cakes, macarons, etc. Watching the nitrogen frozen ice cream was pretty cool. The guy who made it for us actually described the entire process and we were able to record him on video :) I can't wait to go back!!
I was fortunate enough to eat dinner 2 nights ago at La Croix in Philadelphia. The restaurant is on the second floor of the Rittenhouse Hotel in a beautiful room overlooking Rittenhouse Square. 

I opted to do a 4 course tasting menu and cheese. 

First Course 
Bluefin Tuna served with preserved egg. A bit oversalted for my taste, but basically sashimi grade tuna quickly seared and crusted with a touch of panko served with a cured egg yolk. Good, but not the highlight of the evening. 

Second Course 
Cold Water Lobster with chai tea reduction. This is the first course where I said, "a ha!". This tastes like a butter poached lobster, but all the flavors are segregated into elements that when separated make for unique individual flavors but combine to make a very traditional main lobster with drawn butter flavor. 

Third Course 
Foie Gras Bacon. Cured, salted and smoked foie gras served with homemade ranch dressing and a raisin reduction. Simply incredible. All I can say is this was worth the cost and pain in the ass of getting to philadelphia. 

Fourth Course 
Veal Sweetbreads with asian pear. Simple, succulent sweetbreads. Not as good as Blackbird (Chicago), but that's not fair- I can't think of anyone's as good as Blackbird's. 

Cheese course- variety of goat cheeses that I loved from a cheese cart. I love the cheese cart concept when with others, but when dining alone I'd really just prefer a menu  In any event, a truly wonderful meal worth of its pricetag (with gratuity, a half bottle of 99 Chateau Lagrange Grand Cru, cheese addition and foie upcharge, just shy of $250.00)
Ok, if you're going to give me myocardial infarction-inducing sticker shock when I get the bill you better have nailed dinner.  Not good.  Not really good.  We're talking nectar of the gods good.  In this respect, Lacroix (pronounced La kwahhh) falls short in the value department.

Now...everything about the place is superb.  The tastefully decorated bar and dining room with recessed pillars and second floor windows create the perfect atmosphere for dinner.  Appropriate lighting, white tablecloths, and impeccable service from knowledgeable, friendly staff all create a wonderful experience.  You will be hard pressed to find either better service or a more beautiful spot for dinner in the city.

However, when you are dropping $175/person for the dinner tasting menu and a nice bottle of burgundy (and the wine was half price/bottle that night) I'll need phenomenal food.  All of the courses were good; none were noteworthy.  Had this been half this price I would've given it five stars; but at this price point the kitchen falls short.

So, I'll score this as overpriced.  If you are looking for a perfect venue for that really special date then consider Lacroix.  If you are more a foodie looking for good digs for dinner, then you may want to consider carefully the "prix" part of "prix fixe."
So my girlfriend and I went to Lacroix to celebrate our 2-year anniversary.  

Let me list the pros:  Beautiful setting, unobtrusive waitstaff, quality food.

Now the cons: Waitstaff lacking knowledge about menu, no sommelier on Sundays, very expensive (especially the 400% markup on wines), less creative than I expected.

So, I guess this is one of those times where the hype leads to expectations that are far too lofty to ever be fulfilled.  Upon arrival, we were greeted by the hostess and directed to our seats.  It was all very French and very formal (seat pulled out for my girlfriend, we were referred to by name the entire night).  The atmosphere is impeccable.  Truly romantic.

Being the wine geek that I am, the fact that Wine Week coincided with our anniversary made it that much better for me.  The tiger prawn app was very solid, if a bit undercooked toward the head of the prawn.  The lamb entree was about 3 oz of meat with fried chickpeas and a cranberry sauce.  I thought the pairing of the peas and the lamb, which was cooked to an exquisite medium-rare, was excellent but the accompanying sauce was odd and did not mesh well with the strong lamb.  The dessert was a pear "three ways."  It was average, with the pears needing a bit more time to soften.  The semillion-based, sauterne-like dessert wine that was paired with it took the dish from average to above average.

Without question, the highlights were the sides.  The blueberry and jalapeno risotto was absolutely phenomenal and for $6 a relative steal (as it was enough for 2-3 people, easily).  The blue cheese croquettes were also good and large portioned.  The fingerling potatoes were a bit overpowered by the heavy bacon fat, but the use of blue and white potatoes was a nice touch.

One massive downfall was the waiter's description of Matthew's Salad.  He had it all wrong.  He said it came with red pepper and parmigiano shavings.  It did not.  It came with diced tomato and cucumber.  It was good but that's a bit of a let down from the waiter.  My girlfriend's ribeye was cooked to perfection and it was around 6oz for $40, a la carte.  Fairly pricy but more flavorful than a Morton's ribeye.  

Our waiter knew next to nothing about wine, unfortunately and with the som not present this was dissapointing.  When I asked about the dessert wine that was part of the 3-glass flight, he said "I don't know much about it.  I didn't try it."  ARE YOU KIDDING ME???  At one of the best French restaurants in the city you didn't bother trying the wine?  To his credit he did try it and come back with a flavor profile half way through dinner (after I had decided on which dessert to pair with it based on the varietal).  He also recommended a Chat-Du-Pape that turned out to be average (maybe a bit above average and it wasn't totally out-of-whack pricewise).  And he did his best to entertain my questions about the wine cellar and the temps of the storage.  I wish he had offered a tour of the wine cellar and/or kitchen!

I am geared up to try brunch here soon.  And I'll likely return for dinner...serving food that is better than 95% of the "nice" restaurants in Philly can't be ignored.
I went to Lacroix for Easter Sunday brunch with the bf. Decided to spend the weekend in Philly to getaway. I took a look at the menu before coming here and was pumped to play Kobayashi for the day and eat as many different foods as I could.

We arrived at 10:30am with a reservation - being that it was a holiday, brunch was extra pricey at $75/pp. I made sure I starved myself before going and fully devoting my appetite to the meal.

First, the restaurant is on the 2nd floor of the Rittenhouse Hotel. Very elegantly decorated, you can also tell the clientele is high-class.

The area of cold appetizers was right by the entrance to the restaurant. Here they had many amazing small samplings which I'll summarize in list form:
-long island duck croissant (yum, who would've thought of pairing this?)
-foie gras inside a chocolate shell on a stick (dissolves in your mouth... yum, like a dessert)
-grilled octopus brochette (just like chicken, the sauce was good)
-prosciutto & brie grilled cheese, pesto (mini sandwich)
-lamb tataki, pistachio, fetta (i prefer my meats hot vs cold)
-red beet gelle, yogurt, pop rocks (this was interesting... i didn't really like it)
-chipotle apricot bread (tasted like a mini corn bread muffin)
-grape wasabi goat cheese salad (yum, i love grapes)
-lobster milk shooter (you could really taste the lobster)
-wasabi lime juice shooter (pretty tasty)
-cauliflower that looked like a square piece of tofu (mushy to say the least)

They also had a sushi, smoked salmon, caviar, assorted sushi, raw oysters, cocktail shrimp which was great!! The caviar went very well with the smoked salmon, and there was a wide variety of oyster dipping sauces and various flavorings. I ate 4-5 oysters...

I didn't try the wide variety of salads since I didn't want to get full off salads and greens.

Now onto the entrees:
-malaysian bbq pork shoulder (the first time i had it was great. the meat was soft, and the sauce i had made it flavorful, it kind of looks like pink roast beef)
-veal breast piccata (was okay.. i guess i don't really like the taste of veal)
-honey mustard glaze wild king salmon (very delish - salmon cooked perfectly and tender, while the sauce added goodness to it)
-organic capon breast, natural jus (perfectly cooked moist chicken breast with flavorful sauce... no complaints there)
-lacroix frittata (pretty good eggy dish with some kind of fish meat inside)
-hand rolled gnocci (as my bf would put it... potato dumpling... very good!)
-crispy pork belly with braised white beans (yum... i loved this one, but maybe because i think crispy pork belly is great)
-ginger sweet chili glazed baby carrots (i literally had one little carrot to taste... not bad)
-fried mozarella cheese, red pepper jam (this one was also good and flavorful)
-sauteed wild mushrooms in herb nage (yummy veggies)
-blackberry braised red cabbage (very flavorful, not sure if in a good way or bad way)
-fried french toast (full of cinnamon flavor, had a small bite)
-soy braised beef short ribs (these looked sooo good, but upon further tasting, it was overcooked so a tad bit hard to chew)
-mini pancakes (this is not what it was called but it was interesting)
-scalloped pancake (looked like a jumbo mumbo sized sausage that was made of pancake, so when he sliced a piece, it was a large flat circle - interesting texture... not really sure what it was)

Best thing about these entrees is that you get to go in the kitchen to get them. The chefs inside are very friendly and helpful in helping you navigate your way through all the foods. Other foods they offered but I stayed away from were eggs, sausage, bacon, waffles, etc.

Now, the desserts were something else. They have a ginormous chocolate fondue fountain where you can make your own desserts (donuts, strawberries, pineapples, marshmallows, and the list goes on) They also have huge tables full of desserts, like icecreams, sorbets, creme bulee, sweet shooters, chocolate flourless cake, vanilla cheesecake, and again list goes on. Finally, they have a cheese and crackers station with assorted hams/salamis.

You spend a good two hours here. Other ammenities, a bloody mary bar where you make your own drinks. Very cool. The waitstaff is very attentive and every time you finish a plate, they'll take away your plate, give you new utensils, and fold your napkin. The hosts come by very often to ask how the food is, and refill your drinks.

I had a great experience overall even though not 100% of the food was stellar or amazing. Since it's buffet style, you really have to limit how much of one thing you eat, since you want to try a little bit of everything. Because I took a couple bites out of all my samples, I left feeling good, but not overly stuffed. :)
By far theeeee best brunch in the city. The selection is above all others, presentation is mind blowing and the service is attentive but not intrusive. Next big occasion, I highly recommend checking it out!
I recently got to try this restaurant on a date, I didn't even know about this place mainly because it is located inside of a hotel.  This restaurant is located on the second floor of rittenhouse hotel right in rittenhouse square.  They offer valet parking.  I was not impressed with the decor of Lacroix; however, do appreciate the giant open windows that allow you to dine with the view of Rtitenhouse Square.  
The servers are all very friendly, well because most of them know my date but I'm sure they are friendly in general.  The staff are all well dressed so you do feel like you are in an upper class restaurant.  
We started with a bottle of wine which by far is now the best cabernet sauvignon I've ever had (Chateau Margaux 2003).  I kind of wish I had pictures of this meal but it would've been rude to be snapping pictures of food and drinks on a date lol. 

It was a four course tasting menu, so pretty much no thinking involved (the best way to dine in my opinion) because menus are overwhelming sometimes with choices.  I did request to try the fois gras terrine and loved it.  The second course was a zesty refreshing and fruity salad.  During the course of the meal, I believe they switched plates 3 times.  I really could not remember the names of the dishes.  I did remember dishes of salmon, chicken, duck.  These types of restaurants are the only ways I would eat duck, absolutely delicious.  Dessert included sample size macarons, chocolates, cakes.  By the end of the meal, I couldn't even try most of the desserts because of I was stuffed from the wine and food.  

Overall, this was an enjoyable dinner; all the plates were presentable and delicious.  Glad to knock this restaurant off my list.  I think the portions of every plate were sized just right; as always, quality over quantity.
Everyone comes to this Luxury Hotel for afternoon team and brunch, but I think the DINNER here is definitely a beast and worth of trying as well! I think it's definitely can be up for Michelin on star List. I can't compliment more about its food / environment / service. My order of 4-course meal completely turns into a 9-course adventure!

Location: 5 - it's on the second level of the known luxurious hotel The Rittenhouse. 

Decor: The setting is very mixed culture. Front door faces with a gloden + black shade with Eygptian taste, the reception desk is decorated with orchidacean and candles with asian taste, there is a big buddist stone figure at the end of hallway. The tables and chairs are very European style.

View: 5 - really nice overlook to the Rittenhouse Square. All you see is green!

Menu: it comes with a 4-course menu or a 9-course Chef Tasting Menu. The 4-course menu is available online. 4 choices within one category and there are 4 categories. Generally the main ingredients remain the same, but the side ingredients vary with the season. For example, one day the Foie Gras can go with nectarine, the other day it could be pistachio. There is amuse-bouche comes first, and petit four in the end. So the portion of 4-course menu is moderate compared to small in the 9-course. The 9-course meal usually have 2 appetizers, 2 fishes, 2 entrees, 1 cheese, and very likely they are coming from the 4-course meal. If you are very indecisive in choosing one among one category and you are a huge fan of cheese, go for 9-course Tasting Menu. Otherwise, a 4-course meal can make your stomach blowing for 2 days LOL.

Food: 5 - Follow me with my food adventure at Lacroix and it is a truely delight for me to make the decision coming.

Bread and butter: besides regular bread, Lacroix offers lavosh cracker (crispy flat bread). Two kinds of butter - regular butter and goat butter. I have to say I love the goat butter more than goat cheese. Goat butter is just so smooth!

Sparkling Rosemary Limeade: strong lime taste tonic water. Not a lemonade, but limeade. :D 

Amuse Bouche: Trout roes with cantaloupe sponge, pepper radish, and puffed rice spread on top. Lacroix is very careful in selecting this amuse bouche, trout roes are just perfect - 1) size is small for an appetizer while salmon roe is too big; 2) the color just matches up with cantaloupe sponge; 3) balances out my options in the following 3 entrees. Puffed rice just adds another  layer of flavor as the roes are salty, the cantaloupe is sweet.

1st course: cold served Foie Gras with pistachio, trevisio, mango jello, sided with pistachio dressing. Toast comes complimentary. This Foie Gras is huge! The bread toast very well. Adding pistachio, dressing, and foie gras on top of the a piece of well toasted bread is so delicious. I can eat this for my entire dinner.

2nd course: grilled turbot with chanterelle, fingerling potato, gnocchi and guanciale. Probably because I didn't finish the foie gras, the turbot is kinda small, but the taste is just unbeatable. I can totally feel the texture of turbot is tight as it lives in deep sea. The shape of potato is as interesting as its name. Chanterelle is just all my time favorite, which is grilled in nice color with the perfect level of saltiness. Guanciale, or cured meat, is cut in a very very thin layer. I first thought it was a thin layer of radish or some vegetables. 

3rd course:  braised veal cheek covered with coconut and pork shred, sided with carrot mousse and plum. I heard this the most popular entree in Lacroix. Not disappointing and veal is cooked to its softest with hard pork shred. Very interesting combo in your taste bud. 

Cheese presentation: just because I took a look at the corner of the cheese cart, the pastry chef is willing to demonstrate current daily cheese selection to me. Parmesan is cut off from the hard cheese, soaked with pineapple jus, topped with lettuce leaves, virgin olive oil, and 50% coco truffle, sided with crackers. This comes as a complimentary item for me in the end -- very lucky!

Complimentary dessert: non-alcoholic dessert beverage: mint, kombucha (fermented tea), blackberry and basil.

4th course (dessert): chocolate and cherry mousse with sunflower seeds ice cream, decorated with a sunflower. Mousse is perfect in ending the meal as it is light, airy, and non-heavy. Cherry sort of matches up with what was presented earlier - plum.

Migardises (petit four): actually I was offered with five small sweets! Flavors include thai coconut, strawberry, dark chocolate, basil and etcs.

Complimentary Souvenir: Banana nutella bread. I was informed that microwaving before serving is the best.

I do not live in Philadelphia, but if you have anniversary or any celebration, this place is a perfect pick!

Hope it helps!
xoxo, Q
I concur with Carrie E and the many other 5 stars seen here.

WOWZA!

I just had my very first meal (lunch) at La Croix - and it will not be my last.
Service is top-notch.  The server called me by name (Ms. F.) numerous times during the meal.  Attentive without being over-breaing and just perfect.

My dining companion started with the onion soup - which looked marvelous, and I had a delectable tuna tartare.  The swimmingly-fresh fish was cubed and tossed with a wonderful blend of herbs and red peppers (bell peppers), It was artfully plated with tiny cubes of fried diced potatoes.

For entrees my friend had a deliicous - if a bit salty for my taste - dish of baked ham & cheese risotto - so comforting on a winter day.  I had an Or-Gas-Mic and perfectly medium rare, sliced DUCK BREAST (Don't miss this) served with halved ripened blackberries and house-made gnocchi that were heaven on a plate.

Desserts were petit amuse-bouche style including profiteroles, chai creme brulee (miniature) and a sublim Opera torte (complete with the classic gold leaf garnish.)

I was having flashbacks to my honeymoon cruise in Europe.

What a TERRIFIC place.  Much like Arnold Scwartzenager - I'll be baaaack!

I gotta try that brunch.
As we crossed Rittenhouse Square following our ambrosial meal at Lacroix, our waiter came running after us, shouting our names. I began to worry. 

Did my credit card get declined? No. I would've known that already. Did I forget to tip on the full cost of the bottle of wine instead of the sale price (Mondays are 50% off bottles)? I couldn't remember. Maybe it had something to do with the fact that Lexi seemed to stop responding my recent posts on Facebook.

It turns out that my delusions were unfounded -- although I'm still uncertain about the tip. Our waiter was on the verge of transforming our meal into one of the premiere dining experiences I've ever had.

Earlier that night, I noticed a chair from Johnson & Wales University placed in the restroom. I asked our waiter -- I can't remember his name but Oscar sounds familiar -- if one of the cooks graduated from there. We began talking and I informed him that I used to cook at an upscale Italian restaurant in Wildwood Crest and that it was my dream to go to JWU. My overprotective Italian parents would not let me leave the area, though. 

When I told him that I was considering going to culinary school now, his eyes lit up. He promised us a private tour of the kitchen and said he would introduce us Executive Chef Jonathan Cichon. 

"I'm sure he would be happy to have you help out in the kitchen before you start school," he said. "You can look over his shoulder and learn some things. After all, who would turn down free help?"

My jaw dropped. Me, a guy in his 30s who hasn't been on the line in years, learning at arguably the best restaurant in Philadelphia. After all, who would turn down a free education?

Soon, the meal ended and Oscar disappeared into the kitchen. My wife and I agreed that the offer of a tour was either a polite but empty promise or something he had simply forgotten about.

Yet, there he was, running down the street after us, to bring us back in to show off Lacroix's glorious kitchen and introduce us to the gracious, humble staff. It's the sort of thing you never forget.
Sunday night at the Lacroix is really a deal worth checking out.  $35 price fix three course meal and 50% off any bottle of wine on the extensive list.  I enjoyed Melon Bisque, Halibut and a decadent chocolate dessert.  Emily had the salad, organic chicken (best chicken this side of the 11 herbs and spices) and the same dessert.  Split a bottle of Viognier from Provence and all for $17.00!!!  Well, $117.00, but if you stay at the Rittenhouse, you get a $100 voucher off your meal.  Great room, delicious meal and wonderful staff.  No joke...spend a Sunday night on the Park and indulge for not a lot of moolah.
I wanted to write this before the mass quantity of food that I ate had time to fully digest.

The Sunday brunch at Lacroix (Luh-kwah) is 2nd to none.  The assortment of fine fish, meats, salads, and desserts is beyond imaginable.  There are around 60 different items to choose from, to the point that I couldn't even sample one of everything because I was so full.  

Some of the highlights were:

Smoked Long Island Duckling Croissants
Salmon Crudo w/ Yogurt Panna Cotta
Lobster BLT
Bruschetta w/ Lobster Hollandaise
Smoked Soft Scrambled Eggs w/ Asparagus and Wild Mushrooms in a jar 

Service was superb.  Our waiter, Jorge, and his team were always on top of things without ever making it known that they were there.  Everytime you went back to the buffet, your napkin was refolded, water refilled, and previous plate taken away.  The staff honored my request for a table along the windows and even had my wife's surprise gift waiting at the table upon our arrival.  They also gave us a little Tiffany-box looking piece of chocolate with "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate.  

We'd love to go back in the future so that we can actually get to try the chocolate fountain and liquid nitrogen station which we were told is the best part.

We originally planned to go here for dinner, but switched to the Sunday brunch to save some money and get to sample more items.  We're glad we did.
I can't stop thinking about my meal at Lacroix during Restaurant Week.  The perfectly cooked and beautifully presented food, the excellent service, amazing wine pairings, and the lovely view of Rittenhouse Square have me already thinking about my next visit.  

My husband and I arrived about 20 minutes early for our reservation.  I figured we'd have to wait, but they seated us right away.  There were many specials for wine by the bottle and by the glass for restaurant week.  They were quiet reasonable and most bottles averaged $35.  We decided on the three course restaurant week menu ($35) with the $25 (each) wine pairing.

I had planned for over a month to order the fish, however when I ordered it, the waiter informed me there was pancetta in it and asked me if it was okay.  I was happy he told me because I don't eat pork.  He said that was no problem, and they could do it with an almond milk foam, hazelnut sauce, and bok choy.  

First we were brought a large basket with different varieties of bread.  Two types of butter were served with it.  Basically regular butter with sea salt and then a goat butter.  The goat butter was mild and delicious.  All the bread was great, but the best was the seeded lavash (a middle eastern flatbread).  I loved the crisp texture and it was bursting with flavor with all those seeds.  It was hard to not just devour all the bread right away.

For the first course I had a cranberry borscht soup with a trout croquette, topped with trout roe and fresh cream.  It was almost too beautiful too eat.  It came presented without the liquid which the server then poured over it after explaining the components of the dish.  It was paired with a sparkling rose wine.  The rich flavor of the sweet beets melded well with the tart cranberries.  The savory trout croquette was amazing with the soup.  It had a spice in it I've tasted many times during meals in Japan, but I couldn't identify it.  Whatever it was, it was delicious.  The fruitiness of the wine paired well with the soup.  My husband loved his beef salad.
 
The fish I had for my main course was cooked perfectly.  The skin was very crispy and the inside was moist.  I loved the mixture of flavors and textures that were going on with the creamy hazelnut sauce, savory, crispy bok choy, and light foamy almond milk.  My main course was paired with a nice dry white wine. My husband had gnocchi which I tried and they were light and flavorful.  

I thought things couldn't get any better, but I was proved wrong.  Our dessert was the best dessert I've had in Philly hands down.  It didn't sound that amazing on the menu, but when the waiter described it, I had to have it.  It was an amazingly decadent dark chocolate cake with a dark chocolate ganache and sweet potato and hazelnut creme filling. Then it was covered with dark chocolate on the outside and served with marshmallow creme and homemade meyer lemon ice cream.  It was super rich, but in a good way.  It was crazy amazing.  I really can't stop thinking about it and it's been a few weeks now.  It was taken to a whole new level when served with an amazing port that was berry like and had chocolate undertones.  When my husband and I tasted the desert and the port together, we were blown away.  We also were served a tray with some other sweets chocolates, caramels, toffee, and macaroons.  The highlight was the yuzu rosemary macaroon.  It was citrusy with a hint of rosemary and had a perfect light fluffy texture.  

As for the service, I think David C. said it best in his review.  The staff is attentive, but not in an annoying way.  I never felt rushed or hovered over, but I always had what I needed.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable and made sure our courses were perfectly spaced out.  It was the perfect amount of time to enjoy our meal.

Everything was so great, that we decided to end our meal with a nice cup of tea.  I had the Jasmine Green Tea.  It came in a tea press, so you actually get a couple of cups out of it.  It was nice loose leaf tea, and none of that tea bag crap.  The china they served it in was really pretty.  I really enjoyed it.  My husband said the coffee was just okay.  

Sadly, I don't have any pictures of this beautiful dinner, as the menu said no cell phones.  That was the only camera I had with me, and I didn't want to be rude.  Trust me though, the presentation was beautiful.  Lacroix, you have won me over.  I most definitely want to come back and check out the brunch and the large tasting menu.
One of the best places I have ever eaten. Took my girlfriend there for Valentines day last year. The food was out of this world but the most impressive thing was the almost mind reading waiter. He literally ONLY came to the table when we actually needed something. I've never seen that before. I was more impressed with that than anything. We'll be going back in the future. Its obviously on the pricey side but if you want to splurge, this is your place. This deserves to be in Phillys top 3, especially above Blackfish. The food between the 2 was almost dead even but the ambiance and service push it WAY over Blackfish.
Since my initial review I have been blessed, lucky and fortunate enough to dine for breakfast, 2 lunches and one life-changing dinner at LaCroix.

Last night my husband and a good friend and I shared in a wonderful meal, with top-notch service by Woody & many others.

After a round of delicious fresh-fruit laden cocktails (blood orange, blackberries, basil, lemon) we sat at a lovely table overlooking a snow-covered Rittenhouse square.  (We could see doggies playing in the snow!)

After an amuse-bouche of squab, fois-gras and horseradish foam, we had some appetizers.  My friend has the LaCroix Salad, and I enjoyed the Lamb carpaccio.

Another amuse of yellowtail was brought, followed by a lovely, simple beef consomme with a few pieces of udon, mushrooms and a single raw oyster that was gently cooked by the broth.

The main course was truly the star of the show.  DH enjoyed perfectly cooked shortribs accompanied by ricotta filled pierogie (yum!), our friends had a simple chicken and I again indulged in a lovely duck sous-vide.  

Oh - and the desserts were marvelous.  Piecrust ice cream!  Chocolate tart!  

Every bite was perfection.

A dreamy evening!
Lacroix continues to slip.
I've been there 5 times now. 
It will definitely be my last. And for taking out my clients it's wildly off the list.
Sadly, I can't recommend it anymore.
Professionalism seems to have completely left the composition of the restaurant now.
If it's not cold meals brought out, or inattentive servers, than it's a place that seems to have forgotten how to be a restaurant.

Reservation websites that have been down for days (if not longer). Phone numbers for reservations that go to a gentleman who has never answered the phone, nor returned any call after a detailed message.
After finally just walking in to see about a table the experience was akin to being told as a customer, "We don't care if you, or anyone else ever comes back."

Just embarrassing. Philadelphia has too many dining options for this establishment to have such amateur behavior.
brunch at lacroix = mind blown. 

I'm not a breakfast person so when my friend suggested we go to the brunch buffet at Lacroix for his birthday, I was not super excited. The service and the food was amazing! It's the type of spot I'd go to for a special occasions because at  $69 per person, it's not cheap though worth every penny. The waiters fold your cloth napkin back up when you leave the table and pull out your chair when they're nearby. There's so much more than breakfast food. The raw oysters went down smooth. The way the items are prepared reminded me of Top Chef type presentations with little items in spoons. The trick is to pace yourself and take your time. After eating the stuff from the front area, you go back, literally into their kitchen when there's even more food....carving stations, cheese assortment, fish. The dessert table is also to die for. They have a chocolate fountain, Belgium waffles, duck confit, seared tuna with watermelon... my mouth was so happy. I'm already thinking of the next "special occasion" excuse to go back.
We had Mother's Day brunch here, $85 per person.  (On Mother's day, brunch is served all day, we had a reservation for dinnertime.)

Three stars for the food , minus 1 star for the service.

The good part: they had a lot of high-end dishes using a lot of expensive ingredients (lobster, caviar, etc.)

So why such a low rating? After having the brunch buffet here, I became convinced that high-end food can't be served buffet style.  There were dishes that I could tell would have been good had they been cooked to order and not sitting out. It's really disappointing to have overcooked pasta or a cold escargot tart.  And remember, for $85 / person, you can have a tasting menu at many restaurants where food is cooked to order for you.  

Another thing we discovered was that there was too much to try and too much going on.  We got lots of little tastings of everything , but never had time  to savor it. Before our mouth could savor an item, we had switched to another. Having a prix-fixe meal of 5-6 courses is much better -- sure you don't get to try as much variety, but then you really get to savor the different flavors and textures that the chef is aiming for in a dish. You let a dish grow on you and understand the nuance of a dish.  Instead this buffet brunch is like taking the top 40 pop songs and taking a sentence from each stanza and just playing them right after the other. It's a mad slapdash of really good things - but you don't really have time to savor and enjoy.

Service: OK, this can't be too hard considering it's a buffet service. Yet our service was not good.  We ordered sparkling water and had to wait a good 10 minutes (after we had already gotten our food).  We ordered wine, and it also didn't come promptly.  They took away my silverware but didn't replace it. A lot of things we seemed to have to ask for twice -- really, service should be a lot better than that. It wasn't rude or anything, just not top notch.  

And it seemed like they were really trying to rush us out of there.  They kept pushing us to go to the next course. My boyfried and I like to use our expensive dinner dates as a time to talk and catch up on life , but instead it was like "go! speedracer go!'" to the next buffet table with these waiters. So we didn't get a nice elegant romantic dinner, we got a mad dash to try all these buffet tables.
Lacroix is absolutely one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. Hubby and I went last night for Restaurant Week per my sister's enthusiastic recommendations. 

First of all, the service is beyond compare. The attention to detail is what sets Lacroix apart. As we arrived in the restaurant, I announced my reservation and we were immediately shown to our table at the window with a beautiful view of the park. Note to self: always ask for a window table in future reservations. When we were seated, our server came over and greeted me by name. Even the gentleman presenting the different courses also greeted me by name. I know this is something so simple, but it makes the experience more memorable. They already have my name from the reservation, so why not?

Now, on the the food. For our first course, Hubby ordered the Blue Crab Consomme and I had the Texas Redfish (Red Drum), which pleased me because it is much more sustainable than the Japanese Sea Bass listed on the menu on the RW website. The fish was prepared crudo style, with thinly sliced pineapple and salmon roe. It was very fresh and a perfect first course. Hubby's consomme was very complex and deep in flavor, yet beautifully delicate, as a perfect consomme should be.

For our second courses, Hubby ordered the Beef Short Rib and I had the Swordfish. The short rib was out of this world, cooked to melt-in-your-mouth perfection and served atop smoked white chocolate grits, bitter greens and a maitake mushroom that just exploded with flavor. My swordfish was also perfectly cooked, served with hearts of palm, fennel, green onion and tangerine. This was topped tableside with a warm Barigoule. This dish, like the consomme, was so flavorful and beautifully complex, yet delicate at the same time. It had the perfect level of seasoning and I could eat that swordfish every day.

And now, the moment you've all been waiting for: dessert! All I can say is WOW! Now I do not have a sweet tooth by any means. Most days I'd rather eat a bowl of pasta for dessert rather than a bowl of ice cream. But when I tried this dessert, I was on another planet. I had the Warm Roasted Apples with almond dolce de leche and thyme ice cream, garnished with some crispy spiced phyllo dough. Yes, thyme ice cream. This was likely the best dessert I've ever eaten. I can not stop thinking about the thyme ice cream and what I can do to get my hands on some more. It married so perfectly with the richness of the dolce de leche and the almonds and added the perfect herbaceous earthiness that all baked apples beg for. Hubby's Chocolate Coffee Mousse was very nice as well. For me, it was a little on the sweet side, but I imagine if you like all of those sweet coffee drinks from Starbucks, you'll love the mousse. 

I am so glad that we finally tried Lacroix. At Lacroix, it's not just about the amazing food, but the whole experience. I have heard wonderful things about their brunch, so maybe we will try that soon. I am already looking forward to my next visit!
As good a deal bruch is, this write up is to let you know of an even better value - Lacroix's Appetite Stimulus package which includes a 3 course lunch for $24 (M-F) or $35 dinner w/50% off the wines (Sun and Mon). Go for the 1982 Haut Brion. No need to wait for restaurant week !!

I recently had the 3 course dinner in the private dining room and it was great!!
I took some clients here for lunch the other day after searching for a decent restaurant that serves lunch in the Center City area.  What a fantastic place this is.  It sits on the second floor of the historic Rittenhouse Hotel.  The space is small, but cozy, and very tastefully decorated.  This is certainly a 'special night out' destination.

Upon arrival we were greeted warmly and seated almost immediately.  Surprising because my reservation was for 8 but I was only able to wrangle up 5 and we were told they needed to get a different table ready.  This only took a minute.  Kudos to Lacroix for rolling with punches.  Often nice establishments scoff at those who do not honor every aspect of their reservation.  

Our drink orders were taken promptly and we were presented with some great tasting bread,  The poppy seed flatbread was quite good.  The lunch menu, although very small, offered a surprising array of choices to suit most pallets.  For starters, I ordered the chilled heirloom tomato soup.  I'm typically not a fan of cold soup of any kind, but this was awesome.  Sweet with a hint of spice and the fresh basil and parmesan foam complimented each other perfectly.  Definitely recommended.  For my main course I ordered the diver scallop.  Don't be fooled by the name, you actually get two scallops not just one.  They were quite good.  Seared to perfection and served with fingerling potatoes, lump crab, savoy cabbage and a yellow tapioca.  For desert they offer several bite size options.  I had the caramel cheesecake with coffee.  Delicious.

Overall, myself and my guests were very impressed with Lacroix.  In fact, one said it was the nicest lunch she'd ever had.  I'll definitely return, although next time it will be for dinner.
I'm obsessed with this place!  I'd say if you're a true foodie, you'd appreciate this place as much as I do.

The atmosphere is formal.  I love their cocktails here.  I've had the cotton candy grape and it was amazing.  It was one of their specials and if you like things that taste like cotton candy, this drink is for you.  They have a great selection of spirits and wine to please any palette.  

If you're looking for large portion sizes, this place is NOT for you.  They do a great job with pacing each course and every course is an art.  Believe me, you will be full by the time you're done your dining experience here.  

The best way to try this place is during restaurant week, you can sample their offerings.  Totally worth it every penny.  

It's not a cheap dining place but you pay for the culinary experience here! 

Also, ask if they have the special chocolates here.  They are delicious!
Phenomenal service, atmosphere and food. Our party of four got a booth facing the square, and it was snowing outside so the view was exquisite. Pre-fixe menu with a few options to upgrade and an optional caviar menu to start the night. Lots of little surprises in between the scheduled five courses (Scallops, Black bass, chicken, duck/beef, dessert).

Zero complaints from our table, which got two delicious wines based off of recommendations from the waiter. New silverware for every course and no glass was ever empty (water or wine). While we knew there were a lot of tables, we felt very private in our booth and enjoyed it! We want to try to wine pairing next time!
There is nothing quite like brunch at Lacroix. It's one of the best eating experiences I've ever had time and time again. My favorite is to go with my boyfriend and seriously dive in to our inner foodies for 2 hours. The atmosphere is beautiful, especially on a nice day with a window seat overlooking all of Rittenhouse square. Lacroix is one of a kind in that aspect.

The experience is something you need to see for yourself...but I can do my best to describe it here as simply as I can. Buffet style like you've never quite seen before. It spans multiple rooms where the first is a table filled with cold appetizer items as well as a raw bar filled with oysters, cocktail shrimp, sushi, and caviar. Oh yeah, and everything is mini served on their own mini dishes or in mini glasses (see photo). To dive in to some bigger entree items you have to walk back in to the kitchen and get it yourself. The staff is so friendly and helpful. In particular the person who is manning the meat selections asks you what cut you would like and suggests an accompanying sauce. You can miss the dessert table because it stares at you right before you walk into the kitchen and then reminds you again to save room for dessert because one of the first things waiting in the kitchen is a huge chocolate fountain.

There are some staples that brunch at Lacroix sticks too: duck confit, gnocchi, sauteed wild mushrooms (YUUUMM)...but for the most part the selections rotate with the seasons.

Seriously enjoy yourself! Take the time to explore and let your inner foodie run wild. You won't be disappointed.
Lacroix is a French-inspired/Progressive International restaurant at the Rittenhouse hotel/condo building on West Rittenhouse Square.  They serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and have an upscale Sunday brunch as well.  I've been for dinner and brunch on a number of occasions, and both are worth the cost.  

The dinner menu is fairly extensive, and generally has a good selection of proteins, as well as some vegetarian options.  The preparations are delicately presented, and generally have a fresh and light feel to them.  Dishes are not overly complex, though the chef avails himself of some "molecular" techniques, though not as prominently featured as you might see at Avance, or WD-50 in New York.  I've never had a bad dinner here, and the atmosphere and decor make it a great restaurant for a special occasion, or just a weekend dinner out.  Prices are steep, and an appetizer, entree, dessert, and a drink or two will set you back $100 a person without even trying.  They have some chef tasting options, though I haven't tried these in some time.  

The Sunday brunch competes directly with the brunch at the Fountain at the Four Seasons, and is similarly priced.  Lacroix starts with a cold appetizer table in the middle of the restaurant on which they provide some vegetable and appetizer options, as well as some creatively prepared salads and soups.  At the end of the table is the raw bar, where oysters, shrimp, caviar, and some sushi can be found.  There is also a dessert and bread station, and a place where you can mix a Bloody Mary.  The really interesting thing about this brunch is that they open the kitchen to the public, and the hot stations are all located in the main kitchen of the restaurant.  The selections change, but range from hand-carved meats, to salumi and other charcuterie, to waffles, bacon, eggs, and some entree selections.  They also have a selection of fruits and cakes that can be dipped in the large chocolate fountain, and generally have a liquid nitrogen station where the chef will freeze various confections for you...an interesting option.  

Both the brunch and dinner are outstanding, and are both great "special occasion" options if you're celebrating, or just want a great experience.
Without alchohol it was $160 for two of us saving the 3 course meal (5 courses possible).  If you're cost-conscious you sure don't do it often, but once a year it's splendid.  The food is unique and delicious, the portions small enough that we weren't bloated,  The view out over Rittenhouse square glowing with Christmas lights was wonderful, and the staff were attentive without cloying.  Splendid all the way.
Lacroix is one of the last of the white tablecloth fine dining restaurants that dominated the Philly restaurant scene in the past. Tucked inside of the Rittenhouse hotel this is one of those restaurants in which you need to dress at least business casual to feel comfortable. The Windows overlook Rittenhouse square, so request a window seat.

I've only been here during lunch, or for a restaurant week dinner, since its expensive. Unfortunately, they no longer participate in restaurant week, so I haven't been here for dinner in a while. Their brunch isn't even affordable.

The reason Lacroix is still around while the other restaurants of this type are gone is that the food and service is consistently very good. Starting with the excellent bread basket right thru the elegant dessert you well enjoy your meal. Every restaurant week meal I've had here has been impressive. They never treated the restaurant week crowd like second class citizens. Most memorable was a pork dish with bacon. At lunch the burger is served with bacon. Bacon always tastes good but the bacon here is particularly great, which is probably why it shows up on multiple dishes. The portions are small, but the presentation is impeccable.

If Lacroix participates in restaurant week again, I'm there!
Excellent food. Excellent Service, snooty sommelier. 
What more could you ask for in a premier restaurant? 

Went for a special occasion and the place is wonderful. We had a tasting menu that was outstanding. For example, I am no fish lover. But, found delightful the turbot they served. Splendid delicate tastes were found with each selection. 
Wonderful view of Rittenhouse park was waiting for us. Coat check that was on the house as well, was a wonderful surprise. 
The only complaint, the sommelier was a bit snooty. At one point, I was going to visit the bathroom. He was talking to a table. And there was not enough space to get around him. I said excuse me, he refused to budge. I had to kind of do an uncomfortable budge around him. 
The service apart from that was phenomenal. They were very attentive and helpful. 

RB
mmmm...
so i got to come here on a holiday business lunch.
i thought i was dressed up.  but i definitely still felt awkward and young there.  it was a business lunch, so i guess i should have expected that.  but no matter.  i got the express business tray lunch...and it came with a little thai salad, diver sea scallop, pork belly, and a soup.  in less than 15 minutes, i had a wonderful smorgasboard of tasty impeccably prepared food in front of me.  the syrah was also v. good...
and dessert!  man, if i were hungry, i would have totally gotten the tower.  

maybe, maybe, i can come back for dinner at some point?
Truly a disappointing Birthday lunch experience. Will not plan on returning.

Setting: Birthday lunch taking my parents out to a nice meal as an appreciation for helping me become the person I am today.

Ambience: Beautiful interior with lovely classical music playing at a comfortable decibel.

Service: Unfortunately, this is what distracted terribly from otherwise okay dining. We were seated at our table for reservation without delay. The water servers began the lunch great attention. Our server Jorge disappointed in his recommendations for our meal. I asked which items off the lunch menu were most recommended and why. He pointed out the Blue crab toast and Fois Grae, as well as the Lobster and Halibut dishes without much explanation of their flavor profile or their selling points. 

My mother inquired whether the restaurant was still doing any sort of gift dessert for a birthday celebration and he stated no, but if we ordered a dessert and we reminded him that it was my birthday, he could request the chef write out happy birthday on the plate.

Onto the entrees:
When our food finally came, he placed the dishes in the center of the table, as he knew we were sharing. However, he did not give us any small plates for service. It took 3 minutes before we hailed him back for the plates. He stated, he apologized given that he thought someone else would do this. I then immediately requested he take a picture for the table. He said to wait one moment and then he left our table.

I watched as he serviced multiple tables and he never returned back to our table. He poured another table some wine, he took orders from a table adjacent. While my parents and I waited for the picture before starting to eat, our food started to become lukewarm and he started to help ourselves.  

We finished our food, unfortunately disappointed by the temperature, the portion size, pricing and abandonment of service. 

After we finished eating, the waiter finally came back 15 minutes later asking, Oh right, you wanted a picture? At this point, our mood had already been tainted.

A supervisor Jennifer Noble fortunately came by the table and profusely apologized; but the damage was done. She gave our table several small dessert bite sizes to nibble on. The sour taste of the meal could not wash away the prior hour.

Food:
Foie Gras - it was a thin layer of the liver sandwiched between an herbacious bread and slice of mango. These triplicate layers were repeated three times on top of each other in a stack. The bread layer definitely overpowered all other flavors. The mango was bland. The liver was virtually unnoticeable.

Lobster (3/5) - there was a beautiful lobster in appearance, but in taste, it was relatively bland. 

Halibut (3/5) - the fish was prepared over a nice white sauce and small little grapes and mushrooms adorning the dish. The grapes introduced a sour but bright contrast to the halibut, which I felt could have used some additional seasoning.

Steak (4/5_ - these were tiny slices with two pieces of asparagus, it was cooked well, the meat was tender and balanced in saucework.

Tips/Takeaways:
Although the food may taste okay, this was a birthday meal to remember for all the wrong reasons. 
From the lack of service checking on our table in between placing the entree dishes out to grabbing the check, from the lackluster explanations of dishes, from the inability to honor a simple picture request, from the smaller portion sizes and bland tastes, this ultimately was a meal that was not worth the heavy price tag.
It pains my heart to have to rate this experience so lowly.
Just had Sunday brunch here today, and everything was nearly perfect. Nearly. I say that because the combination of the astounding array of food and my gluttony made me eat so much that I couldn't move out of my chair. I think I had about half a lb of caviar by myself, and about a dozen west coast oysters. At 65$ a person, it's not cheap but it's actually a very good deal for the amazing quality food and the huge variety. Treat yourself to an amazing brunch at Lacroix, and don't miss the chocolate fountain in the kitchen ;)
Yuch, I hated it! I'm sure everyone will think I'm just stupid, and unsophisticated. I don't care. It was awful, in the food sense. Yea, if you think all the plates touching the table at the same time matters.........it might be for you. If you think, "compliments of the chef" makes you feel special......it might be for you. If you arehaving dinner with a "special" important person and he needs to constantly be pampered........it is for you. It ain't for me. Food was cold, pork and fish together ?????? Rabbit served cold?????? venison?????? What's this, game dinner night? salad was.......blah, nothing but a small handful of spring mix, without an explanation, soufflé, let me put the ice cream in, 1......2......3.........remove the spoon.........please, get a room. chocolates don't excite me, best part was the wine. And, I never drink wine. Two part experience....first, and last!
N and I went here for brunch as the coup de grace of our weekend of luxury to celebrate our 10th anniversary, and we were not disappointed. 

We settled into super-comfy chairs next to the huge window looking out over beautiful Rittenhouse Square. And we stayed for hours.

The brunch is simply amazing. The appetizers and salads and cute little shot glasses of soup cover an entire table, and then there's the raw bar -- oysters, shrimp cocktail, caviar with all the fixings. One of everything is a large and fantastically delicious meal already. 

Do not eat more than one, no matter how good it is! If you do, you won't be able to manage an entree, let alone dessert. 

Pause after the first enormous course and drink coffee. The french press coffee was delicious and came in a gorgeous silver pot. We figured it was going to cost a fortune, but was only $5/pot. Take that, Starbucks. 

When we were ready for the next course, we signaled for the waiter and he led us into the kitchen. Lunch and breakfast foods simmered everywhere we looked. I took a tiny portion of everything, and, again, it was all amazing. 

After another coffee pause and some leisurely conversation, back into the kitchen for the chocolate fountain. Dipping fruit was so fun that it was hard to hold back. We totally wasted some that we couldn't eat. And then I filled a plate with the little pastries that covered the dessert buffet. I couldn't even manage to look at the ice cream and fruit. It just wasn't possible. I ate a single, tiny bite of each pastry. And then the waiter brought out a special dessert wishing us a happy anniversary -- when making the reservation they'd asked if it was a special occasion. We could barely manage to touch it.

After a big meal I'm sometimes prone to claiming that I won't eat for a week. After this meal, I truly didn't eat for the rest of the day. That night a single glass of red wine and a few cashews comprised dinner.

FYI, we didn't order wine, and in retrospect I'm glad. It would have been too much. Plus it cost the earth.

This was one of the best meals of my life. I can't wait to go back.
This review is based on a breakfast meeting I attended at Lacroix. First, all their staff people are really nice and attentive. I was early for my meeting, so they were sure that I had a comfortable place to wait, offered coffee, offered to check my coat, etc.. etc. This is a very pleasant space overall , with very large windows facing out on Rittenhouse Square. Our private room also had that view, and was very spacious. The service throughout the meal was excellent. Fresh fruit plates on the table, as well as pastry plates, were great, very fresh. I asked for the omelette with spinach, tomatoes, etc., but without ham. They had no problem accommodating that request. Nicely made, again with very fresh ingredients. Small frisee salad on the side, lightly dressed in a vinaigrette - a good accompaniment for the omelette. I'll definitely be back, and will keep this place in mind for business meetings in the future.
A haiku:
Sundays and Mondays,  
The wine list is half priced.
Two hundred choices.  
.
I once read if a dish is served with foam on it, it must be fancy. Three of my courses at Lacroix had foam.  My wife and I were visiting Philly for the weekend and she thought it would be fun to get dressed up and have a fancy dinner. She was correct. Lacroix is probably one of my favorite restaurants ever!  The jalapeño and sweet pea ice cream was so bizarrely delicious. The roasted breast appetizer was so small and pretty, I almost didn't want to eat it. I did eat it though, and it was delicious. The staff was very attentive and friendly. My drinks were perfect, and the food was delightful. I hope we can go back sometime.
I can only say this was one of the most spectacular restaurants we have been to in Philadelphia. First, I don't think I've ever had a server as excited as ours was. She was so thrilled that it was our first time at Lacroix and honestly, you really just can't fake that kind of enthusiasm. 

The food is impressive not only for the quality of the ingredients and preparation but for the wide variety. My husband thought I was deranged when I raved over the English curried peas. He just kept saying "Peas.....you're excited over peas?!?". That was until he made it back into the kitchen and found them for himself! Besides that, he had to drag me away from the two varieties of oysters and several of caviar. Outstanding!
I seldom go with 5 stars in my reviews, but I have to admit, I can't really find anything wrong with Lacroix. Great service, great atmosphere, phenomenal food. It's not as intimidating as Le-Bec Fin and I personally enjoyed the food more. 

I love that their menu is much different than almost anywhere else too. It's not a long menu, but every dish seems to take very basic things that you would find at most other restaurants but adds the smallest things that make them completely unique to the restaurant. 
My boyfriend had the Organic Rib-eye Steak and he said (and I back him up, since I tried some) that it was fantastic (he actually said it was almost as good as the late "Brassarie Perrier" which he still mourns over) the au jus sauce had a very unique taste and was very different then any other au jus I've tried.
I had the Muscovy Duck with a Strawberry Reduction sauce. This is a perfect example of how they take something that is common on (french) restaurant menus and completely make it their own. The strawberry somehow took on a savory taste when paired with the duck which was intriguing (not too gamey, as duck can tend to be). 
We also had sides of the Fingerling potatoes, which were perfectly cooked so they were very tender but not mushy, and the Green Asparagus in white chocolate and black garlic. I must admit, I almost didn't get them because of the white chocolate, I mean-how weird is that? but once again, they were able to take something that is typically sweet  and transform it into this wonderful savory sauce. 

Then theres dessert. We shared a chocolate souffle which was soft and airy and perfectly chocolatey (not overly chocolately which some places tend to do) and they served them with a delicious small plate of petit fours. 

Like I said, I have nothing bad I can think to say of Lacroix. We never found ourselves needing everything as someone was always there to refill glasses and replace silverware as needed, without being annoying. We were also seated right next to the window looking over the hotel entrance, and Rittenhouse park. The chairs are comfortable and the decor is simple yet sophisticated. 

If you're going to splurge and go out somewhere really nice in Philly, I would definitely recommend Lacroix.
My favorite restaurant in Philadelphia, bar none.

I've eaten at almost all of the highly rated, high-end Philly spots - The Fountain, Vetri, etc. and I would put this up against any of them.

Incredible creativity in the dishes and unique flavor combinations combined with impeccable and friendly service.

I recommend doing the tasting menu, it is very reasonably priced for a high-end place at $75 and you get the best of what the chefs have to offer.  They also have the best brunch in Philly, although it is quite a pricey brunch and the food quality is a step down from the dinner service.

This is NOT traditional French cuisine...if all you want is cuts of meat in red wine reductions, go to The Fountain instead.  But if you are a true foodie and want creative flair like peach sorbet with foie gras shavings or pineapple soup, this is the spot for you.
Went here for restaurant week.

3 course meal $35 per person.  They included like an extra appetizer and some extra chocolates at the end so it was more like a 5(?) course meal.

Overall the experience was positive.  We had some wine with our meal and the waiter asked me the try the chardonnay.  I had to bust out my newly acquired wine-swirling nose diving wine tasting skill.  I said it was ok.

The food itself was pretty good, we split scallop sashimi and this peach soup (which had a lot of spices and kind of tasted like curry...)  Our second course consisted of shellfish roast and the bacon-wrapped pork loins.  The pork loin was great and very flavorful, but the shellfish roast was quite the letdown.  The "shellfish roast" was literally two shrimps over some carbs, and one of the shrimp's head was black.  Upon removal of the head, black juices oozed all over the entire entree... gross.  The dessert was probably the best part of the meal, we shared the sweet corn and a chocolate cake - both were on point.

Heard the rave for the weekend brunch buffet at this place, will check back for that - but probably not for dinner dining.
Lacroix is one of the few things I miss from my brief stint in Philadelphia.  It will always be on my list of 10 top tables in North America.  The food and service will bring tears to your eyes--it's that refined, innovative and delicious.  In fact, it's probably the most elegant yet relaxed dining experience I've had since a visit to Les Crayeres in France.  You'll feel heady and savor every moment chanting, Lucky me, lucky me, lucky me...
Brunch at Lacroix is truly a special experience. The food is set up buffet style and you have the pick of traditional brunch items as well as some gourmet delights (we especially enjoyed the bao bun sliders!) If you would prefer an omelet or other egg dishes made to order you can ask your server. We enjoyed everything we tried. I highly recommend saving room for dessert. 

What especially impressed us is that when they called to confirm our reservation they asked about allergies and when we arrived today we were given a menu with the items that I am allergic to highlighted. The service throughout the rest of the meal was spectacular--we are planning our return!

What a great brunch!
Words cannot describe how amazing the brunch at Lacroix was.

However, as this is a restaurant review, I'll try my best. The food was incredible. I went into the meal promising myself that if I was not wowed by a dish, I would not finish it. I ate everything - the only items I did not finish were at the end of the meal, when I physically was unable to consume another bite. The hors d'oeuvres were particularly impressive - every item, from the octopus in saffron hummus to the foie gras with shredded phyllo to the potato cakes topped with salmon rillettes and caviar, was delicious to the point that my whole party went back for seconds.

I love the setup of the brunch as well - the main courses are all served in the kitchen, so all dishes are fairly freshly made and patrons have a chance to see the action. After we gorged ourselves on hors d'oeuvres, we found ourselves faced with too many incredible options: the duck confit was decadent, the mushrooms were incredible. The duck and capone at the carving station were both perfectly cooked and served with delicious sauces, completely sidestepping the problem most other buffets face with dehydrated, overcooked meat.

The dessert station was not as plentiful as in past years; it seems that Lacroix has shifted its focus to the hors d'oeuvres (a decision we wholeheartedly support). The creme brulee was lovely and the bread pudding was just divine. We were too stuffed to fully enjoy the desserts, but the few bites we managed to take were all delicious. 

Service was friendly, if a bit inattentive. We were in a semi-private room and sometimes felt a little forgotten - it took a while for us to flag down a waiter for coffee service. To be fair, servers were doing a fantastic job keeping all the stations replenished. 

Lacroix was the perfect place to spend Mother's Day - it was the most perfect a brunch could be, and honestly, one of the best meals I have ever had.
Sunday brunch at Lacroix.
Amazing.

And while the price continues to increase - it's up to $65/person now - the assortment and variety of gourmet items and professional waitstaff will make the experience one to remember!  
Make sure you reserve a few weeks in advance, or you can hope there's some empty tables by the bar.  
Enter into the beautiful restaurant on the second floor of the Rittenhouse hotel and see the beautiful view of Rittenhouse Square.
Marvel at the beautiful spread of bite-sized appetizers with combinations of ingredients and flavors that you probably never heard of.
Ask for glasses of fresh-squeezed orange juice.  Then ask for many refills after the initial.
Obtain some of the fresh raw oysters on a half shell and slap some caviar on those bad boys for a salty punch (you are paying $65 per person after all)
Take a quick glance at the cheese board and stock up if cheese if your thing.
Devour the fresh fruit - no cheap cantaloupe or honeydew at this gourmet buffet...only the freshest berries (strawberries, blueberries, and black berries)
Take a tour of the kitchen at the Lacroix and feast on fresh Belgian waffles and maple syrup, sauteed wild mushrooms in a herb nage (french for awesome), duck confit,  and a carving station with a rotation of fine meats
Grab some cured meats on your way back to your table
Enjoy some of the finest food around - buffet style! So rinse and repeat several times

They also have an assortment for desserts with two chocolate fountains (milk and dark), a liquid nitrogen station for flash frozen ice creams/custards, and fresh fruit

Given the price, not exactly a place you will hit up every Sunday, but definitely a special treat for a special occasion!

Enjoy!
I enjoyed my birthday brunch experience here so much. I was a little hesitant to dine at a restaurant inside a hotel initially, but I was so glad to get one of my birthday meals here. For $75 per person, you get a brunch buffet with some of the top-quality food, top-notch service and very elegant environment. Everything was impeccable. 

After coat check, a staff member showed us to the beautiful table right next to the large windows, where you can overlook the Rittenhouse Park. As first timers, we were shown around by the restaurant manager and introduced to different stations all over the restaurant. Some of the stations were located inside the kitchen and you're able to see everything that happens there. 

The food selection was amazing. You have your regular breakfast/brunch items, and you also have a variety of very specialized appetizers, entrée and desserts, even cheese and chocolate fondues. I particularly enjoyed the raw bar where we could get unlimited east coast and west coast oysters (east coast ones tasted better!). They tried to combine different styles of cuisines in their dishes, like a Vietnamese pho broth shooter, or a French Foie Gras S'more, etc. Each tiny dessert was a pleasant surprise too and they were so delicate. I did not have enough room to try out everything that looked tempting. 

To add on to all the good food, our server was so attentive that he made us a personalized list of all the food that contains cilantro, as we added a note about our dietary restriction on the reservation. 

I would love to go back again for brunch, and I would love to try the afternoon tea here too!
Lacroix, without a doubt is definitely Michelin contender of the year. 

Must get: tasting menu, mocktails, Dan as your waiter
Missed out: wine pairing
Meh: nothing

We celebrated our anniversary here and immediately felt as if we were transported to another world of culinary and service excellence. The staff were highly attentive (the one's who'll fold your napkin if you leave your table for longer than 10 seconds), the decor was beautiful with large windows that overlooked the rittenhouse square. On arrival, we were treated to complimentary glasses of champagne, and multiple rounds of flavorful mid-meal snacks. Our main meal was white asparagus, halibut, rabbit, beef, with a multi-course dessert tasting including frozen coconut, marshmallow on a stick, and decorative cake, and truffle tasting and chocolate desserts to go. My favorite dish was definitely the wild rabbit with fava bean, sauce royale and the smoked sturgeon with chavings of white asparagus. Still have mouth watering memories.

At the end, we ate and were treated like kings and queens. This was a meal that I will never forget in Philadelphia. 

Food: 5 stars
Ambiance: 5 stars
Service: 5 stars
Price: 5 stars
It took a few months before to score a reservation for the Sunday Brunch, but alas I have conquered it!  It was the bf's and I's three year anniversary so I decided to take him to Lacroix (also because I wanted to go myself!) 

I had been studying the menu since I made the reservation so I was surely prepared for my experience...(I was not).  The experience was romantic, we were seated by the window with a view of Rittenhouse Square.  They gave us a tour of the stations and off we went!

The hors d'oeuvres station was not my favorite.  I made an attempt to try everything. The only thing I came back for was the prosciutto and ricotta croissants.  Especially unpleasant for me was the foie gras granola bar (super sweet) and the escargot palmier (like eating egg shells).  The smoked salmon at the raw bar was too fishy.  But the oysters were very good.  I really enjoyed the beluga lentil salad (who knew I liked lentils).

The best part was the hot food buffet in the kitchen.  Oh the excitement of being inside the kitchen!  Like a secret world.

Lacroix has the BEST SCRAMBLED EGGS I've ever had.  Okay, so I'm Asian and my typical scrambled eggs consist of eggs and fish sauce.  So these Lacroix eggs were buttery and light and so good.  I'd really go back just for the eggs (I think I had three portions of these eggs).  The fleur de sel potatoes were also very memorable.  Tasty and crispy bites of potato.  By the time I was ready for the meat station, I was full on eggs.  I had a bite of the beef brisket (heavenly) and the duck (also wonderfully cooked).  

Dessert station was disappointing.  I don't think anything stood out.  I had to check out the liquid nitrogen station (so cool!)  It was an avocado and lime foam.  Weird taste but a cool experience.  

Yup, I ate too much and regretted it after still being too full for dinner.  We went to a YEE afterwards and ate some more.. Oh what a life!
For $25 per person the buffet is a bit pricey (though cheaper than the prix fixed $75 option). I didn't find the buffet worth the price. There weren't a ton of options - scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, bagels, fruit, boiled eggs, smoked salmon and slices of cucumber, red onion, and tomato. Honestly I didn't find it worth the price. The food quality was a 2 or 3. The smoked salmon was warm, as if it maybe had been sitting out too long. The eggs were too hard boiled. The mixed berries were my favorite. They were fresh and flavorful.

The staff is attentive and friendly though!
The food wasn't amazing. Perhaps my expectation was way too high given so many good reviews by people I found to be trustworthy. The food is about 3.5 stars and the service is about 4.5 stars. The portions are pretty big (for a fancy restaurant), so you won't have a problem filling yourself up. Seared foie gras was delicious; the daikon garnish was expertly diced. But the veal chop was somewhat disappointing. It just wasn't that interesting. My wife's fish entree with thai pepper sauce (which the waiter incorrectly called consume) was pretty good. However, her soup was just okay; the lavender flavor was a bit too overwhemling. The dessert (cherry and chocolate) that had liquid-nitro cooled cherry mouse sounded interesting but the execution looked messy.

I came here, expecting to be blown away. What we got instead was a not-so-amazing-but-decent meal with attentive, professional, friendly staff.
Made the reservation that afternoon and asked for a pescetarian menu adaptation - no problem even with 4 hours notice. Food was innovative, fresh, and delicious. Meticulous attention to detail in all aspects and great service. On par with the 2 Michelin star restaurants in New York. Definitely better than many 1 stars in NYC and DC.

Amuse bouche 1 - avocado with granita - ok, nothing special
Amuse bouche 2 - sunchoke custard with orange and truffle. Amazing - sweet salty fruity and tart at the same time. Mostly orange citrus flavor comes with a background of mushrooms truffle. Brilliant mixture of flavors.

Course 1 - Japanese Sea bream sashimi with rose water and hibiscus. Light refreshing fresh. Could have been a little more rose water for stronger flavors but worked well as is.

Course 2 - Sweet potato. Soft and moist sweet potato, just the right amount of black truffle. the spritzes of truffle oil on the plate are so balanced and not overwhelming like so many truffle oils are. 

Course 3 - Turbot with turmeric smoke. Turmeric smoke brings a uniquely Thai/Indian flavor to the plate that works very well with the cream and greens/root vegetables. Came together surprisingly well. The light but not overwhelming coconut flavor brings together the dish. 

Main course - Tuna with preserved pumpkin. the curry sauce on the plate was gold. Tastes like fenugreek turmeric cumin and mango but could be very wrong. Rouchet they paired with tuna was not my favorite and they poured a new wine. Worked extraordinarily well with the Oregon Pinot that came after. 

Palate cleanser - Cassis icing, nougat glacee with what tastes like basil infused raisins inside. Unbelievably delicious for a palate cleanser.

Dessert - Pistachio financier with mango sorbet, passionfruit mousse and Meyer lemon mousse. Work incredibly well together. Honestly could have stopped with just the pistachio financiers and passion fruit mousse. Wasnt as big a fan of the Meyer lemon mousse and the mango sorbet was a bit too sweet for me. Pistachio financier was a tad dense and dry but still good. 

Selection of 8 small bite desserts at the end along with a take home peanut chew. Unfortunately I was too full and they gladly wrapped them all up.

Even the bread and butter were delicious, which is usually the sign that the meal will be amazing. Attention to detail in the side dish is a sign of a great chef. Well flavored and perfectly baked bread with just the right amount of flakiness in the crust. Goat milk butter was delicious. 

I like their choice of calm and fitting pop music rather than classical or jazz.

Service across the board was fantastic. Friendly and refined without being stuffy and uptight. Had great conversations with several of them. They knew everything about every dish I was eating, even though it was a custom menu. Impressive for any standard, but for Philly, truly the best I have seen.
This is my favorite brunch place (along with the Ritz in Miami beach and Four Seasons in Bangkok). Chef Jean Marie Lacroix was a perfectionist and even though he is no longer in the kitchen, executive chef Matthew Levin has done a great job and brought some innovative dishes to the table (pun intended).

The raw bar they setup for brunch is awesome and the hot entree you get to select from a tour of the kitchen is a good touch, especially since you get to chat with the chefs and watch the desserts being made.

Have been there for lunch a few times, but my favorite remains brunch. I try to avoid holidays here (or any good restaurant for that matter) as chances are you will not get the same level of satisfaction.

If you get a chance to tour the pastry kitchen (above the main kitchen), I highly recommend it. And don't forget to grab some chocolate on the way out.
I came here for brunch with my girlfriend, and it was by far the best dining experience I've ever had.

First off was the wait staff. Once we were seated, our waiter quickly introduced himself, and then took us on a tour of the restaurant. He gave detailed descriptions of all of the food being offered in each area and was more than happy to answer questions if we had any. After we got our food, he then made sure that our drink cups were always full, and that if we left our table to get more food, that our old plates would be taken away.

Secondly, just the quality and amount of food was amazing! From raw fish, to mini burgers, to sausage, to dessert, the restaurant had pretty much everything. And it all tasted amazing. The only thing that stopped me from getting more food was my full stomach.

I would definitely come back again - the combination of amazing food, great wait staff, and beautiful decor made it a memorable dining experience.
Best kept secret in Philly is the Express Breakfast Buffet at Lacroix in the Rittenhouse Hotel.  Served Monday through Friday, 7-10:00 a.m., at $16 per person and Saturday, 7-10:30 a.m., at $18 per person, the all-you-can-eat Express Breakfast Buffett is the best deal in town.  You break-fast soaking up the ambiance of this fine restaurant and Rittenhouse Square (puff-puff) and you are treated to Lacroix's impeccable service.  The buffet treats you to selections of juice, coffee/tea, eggs, breakfast meats, cereals, pastries, etc. all self-served on their fine china and linens.  My partner and I come here often and we just love it.  It is a great way of trying out Lacroix at an affordable price.
I've dined at Lacroix multiple times before, and I've recommended to friends.  Classic, elegant dining room.  Solid technique and presentation.  Beautiful tall windows with a lovely view of Rittenhouse Square.  This latest experience however was an utter disappointment.  And the 1-star is specifically attributed to their duck.

Picture below.

On all levels, it was a complete disaster of a dish.  3 thick hunks of un-cut magret, barely cooked, minimally rendered.  It was as if someone who's never cooked duck before was asked to cook the duck that afternoon.  How can a classic French restaurant live with itself after putting out such a bad magret?!?

Skin was not fully crisp.  The fat underneath was still ample.  The magret meat, for one of the pieces, was so rare I couldn't eat it.  At the least, slice the magret, so it's easy to eat.  No - they just left the diner 3 big chunks to navigate.

The dish was also haphazardly arranged, with a 'slop' of yams or sweet potatoes and apples in the middle, with a few randomly dropped endive leaves on top.  At least, it tasted good...  But it's hard to mess up carbs.  A visual disaster.

I still can't believe a high-end French restaurant produced this dish.  Lesson learned - don't order duck at Lacroix.
i go once a year in Feb for brunch. The past three years it has been amazing.... The service is great, we take up the back room and sit there for over an hour and no one wants to kick us out!  There are so many different options from the raw bar, to the make yr own bloody mary bar, to the kitchen buffet, to the chocolate fountain, it can be overwhelming. A place to go for special occasions, but go hungry.
My parents have wanted to visit me since I moved to Philadelphia, but they kept dragging their heels when it came to setting a date. In the hopes of enticing them, I told them when Philly's Restaurant Week was and they agreed to choose a day during those two weeks and that I could pick the restaurant for lunch (YES!). Lacroix was at the top of my list of places to try when an opportunity arose, and so I made reservations for their Restaurant Week menu.

We arrived and were seated at a table where we could overlook Rittenhouse Square. We each ordered different appetizers: I got the mixed green salad (tasty, nothing TOO special), my mom had the caesar salad (THAT was good, and the presentation was pretty cool - gotta love the parmesan curled crisp), and my dad had the fennel soup (another win - but then again, he does love fennel). For our main course, both my mom and I had the Seafood Tajine (like a stew with a variety of seafood including scallops, white fish, mussels, clams over quinoa and dried apricots) which was really fantastic, I love the spices they used in the broth, and my dad had the mushroom risotto, which he finished before my mom and I had a chance to ask for a taste (therefore, it must be good - he usually offers us a bite). Dessert was a trio of petite fours: chocolate banana creme brulee (meh - I'm much more a fan of the simple vanilla), chocolate ganache cake (soooooo chocolately, all you need is that small bite), and fig tart (so cute, so delicious - my fav of the bunch). The food was great, the service was wonderful, and the view is fantastic. I'm so glad that I got a chance to dine at Lacroix thanks to Restaurant Week - and so are my parents! They loved it so much they requested we go back to try out their full menu :D
Though I give this restaurant 3 stars, I need to preface my review with fact that I don't have the most sophisticated palette and therefore I often under-appreciate French food.

That said, I dined here for Valentine's weekend in 2016. There was a prefixed menu which didn't impress me with flavor but certainly wowed me in both presentation and innovation.

What I did find particularly unique and exciting was the complimentary cookie/candy bar. Each individual was given a box to fill with as many treats as the box could hold and each piece was truly beautiful and tasty.

I would recommend this restaurant for a special occasion as the experience is quite unique. However I would not go here for every day dining. 

Ps. Having brunch here is on my bucket list.
5 stars for a Sunday brunch that costs $59 a person? Yes. And worth it. Given the price, it's definitely not your everyday brunch, but I would definitely recommend trying it out for any special event.

First of all, the selection is massive. Out in the beautiful dining room is the raw bar, the hors d'oeuvres, the salads, and the cheese. I thought that this was a wonderful selection already, but then I found out that it keeps going. The signature entrees, hand carved meats, charcuterie, and a dessert bar were all in the kitchen. 

With eyes bulging and jaw agape I ate, and everything was so amazingly delicious. 

Here are my favorites:

From the raw bar - The jumbo shrimp are huge and the cocktail sauce has just the right amount of that horseradish kick, the assorted caviar was awesome, the oysters were great (I would top them with the various toppings and throw some more caviar on them), and the house smoked salmon was delicious.

From the hors d'oeuvres - Prosciutto and ricotta croissants were just flaky and soft on the inside, the Jalapeno shortbread was actually pretty delicious, the crab cake was good as well.

From the salads - Carrot salad with quice, crystallized ginger, and orange-truffle vinaigrette was really good. I kept getting a little bit more of it on each plate.

From the hand carved meat and fish - Wagyu beef brisket was tender, the giant diver scallop sausage was exactly that, a huge sausage stuffed with scallop, and the sesame crusted lamb rack was tasty.

You can't really go wrong with the charcuterie and pickles, but they're good to break up the decadence you're having in the kitchen.

From the signature entrees - The crispy duck confit was good, the white bean and lamb bacon cassoulet was delicious (I love cassoulet), I gorged myself on applewood smoked bacon, and probably the most unique thing I had was the Vietnamese beef broth with quail egg (it was in this shooter glass and you just gulp it down), salty and tasty.

All the desserts were also amazing, and who could resist both a milk chocolate and dark chocolate fountain. Dipping fruit in it was so fun. Then you head right next to it and get the liquid nitrogen station... again... fun.

To top it all off, our service was amazing. Our server was polite and funny, and we really enjoyed the experience a lot more because of him. He brought out some Tiffany box chocolates for us which were nice. Finally, after spending about 2.5 hours having this amazing meal and really finishing up already, the manager came by and politely told us he needed our table for a large party coming in. He didn't want us to feel rushed out though, and offered our whole party free drinks at the bar. What was going to be a nice 2.5 hour brunch became something like 4 hours and an amazing experience. Okay, this is the longest review ever now, but you get the point. This place is good.
Brunch review, second time around. Our first Sunday brunch at Lacroix was a couple of years ago. I'm not sure if the quality has gone down, or if we've had so many good meals (for less money) by now that this was just okay. 

The hors d'oeuvres were good, but it ended there for me. Sausages were dry, lamb was very undercooked, scallop sausage unnecessary, hot sides could've been served at any cheap buffet restaurant, shrimp too fishy, creme brulee was overcooked and cakey, and the list goes on. 

Our server had a few too many sarcastic remarks about the amounts of food we were trying out (even though we were out in only 1.5 hours).
This is an amazing place for a Sunday funday brunch.The service is great and the view of Rittenshouse Square Park is very nice, especially since it was snowing.  When you are seated, your waiter will give you a tour of the restaurant, showing you where everything is.

Unlimited coffee and virgin juices comes with your meal. There is a build your own Bloody Mary station, which was really, really, fun.

There was an hor d'oeuvres table and raw bar just as you walk in through the entrance. Here you can find deliciousness such jumbo cocktail shrimp, oysters, sushi rolls, caviar,jumbo crab lump turnovers, grilled swordfish skewers, and  foi gras.

Inside the kitchen are all the hot foods. There is a massive chocolate fondue station with a variety of fresh fruit and other snacks (e.g. pretzel, marshmallow).  There are waffles, eggs,and thick cut bacon - which was probably the best bacon I had ever had.  There are other hot foods (I am not sure how often they change their meals) such as scallops, duck confit, brussel sprouts, and saag paneer (an Indian dish with leafy greens).

Don't forget about the cured meats/cheeses section and carving station (ribs, beef, lamb)!

The dessert section was also abundant in their selection.  Here you can find parfaits, cobblers, and other small bite sized sweets.  My favorite was the lemongrass/ginger creme brulee. The limoncelle tirimisu was okay - it wasn't as good as it sounded. To be fair, I am not a dessert person. There was also a grapefruit/elderflower shooter, which makes a great palate cleanser.

In short, the food itself was not mindblowingly delicious, but for the price and experience it is definitely worth it.  I am certain that I will be making another trip here for brunch.  I also just now caught a glimpse of a excerpt of someone else's review and realized I had forgotten to visit the liquid nitrogen station and am now thoroughly annoyed.  At least that's is indicative of the amount of food choices that are available!
organized a dinner presentation for my company here, and it was top notch. great service and attention - really a group that goes out of their way to make your stay memorable. an amazing wine selection. we sat in lilly's cafe with a view overlooking rittenhouse square. 

our menu: a salad of regionally grown organics, scallop sausage, a miso-glazed ribeye topped with a fried egg and finally a fancied-up s'more. really delicious and anticipating our next visit.

highly recommended, a true 5-star venue from every aspect

regards,
B
Amazing chef tasting plate. Best that I've had this year.
The booking via Open Table was so convenient. There was a reminder a few days prior.
The restaurant was easy to find. It's situated in the hotel itself. We arrived early & had some drinks & snacks at the bar. At 1730 we indicated that we were ready to be seated & was brought to our table promptly. There was an amazing window view, overlooking the park across the road.
The waiter came & explained the menu, including the options & we settled for the tasting plate. The food was fantastic. The presentation perfect, explanation was so detailed & everything flowed so well, from the first dish to the very last complimentary dessert dish. We were so full! And satisfied. A perfect mother's day dinner
I came here with a party of ~35 people for a surprise birthday dinner, and Lacroix truly went above and beyond to make it the best experience possible. They were extremely accommodating and consistently catered to our every need. We were placed in a private room, separated by a curtain which truly made us feel special and secluded. The room was all set and ready to go even though we came about a half hour early, which shows to me that they were well prepared and ready for us. We walked right in as we arrived, and the room was set beautifully. 

People arrived in waves, and as they arrived - we were all served drinks, we got to select either red or white wine, or any cocktails that our hearts desired. They continued to serve us throughout the night without ever letting anyone get to the bottom of their glass - talk about great service!! Bottomless drinks served with great poise and class, it was such an exquisite dinner. They prepared 3 course menus for us, all personally tailored to our guest with the title at the top of each menu "Quynh's 30th Birthday". I absolutely love the personal touch!! We had two appetizer choices, 3 entree choices, and dessert. Great menu, and when the food came out, it blew me away. 

Luckily, my date and I between the two of us selected different options so we could try a variety. I got to try the Lobster Bisque, Lacroix Salad, Steak and Duck dishes, and Vanilla Cream cake. All of them were absolutely delicious, scrumptious, so many different words to use and I still couldn't describe it enough! Perfect blends of flavors, though my only complaint were the portions. This place is definitely on the fancier level, and lives up to the 4 dollar signs. I would expect for such a place to have smaller portions, given the culture of fine dining so if you're starving - it may be good to go out for more dessert after. 

Highly recommend for anyone looking to dine on the finer side in Philly!
For our second year anniversary, my fiance and I decided to celebrate with dinner at Lacroix.

Food: 4.5 stars
We decided to create our own tasting menu with the A La Carte Menu instead of going with the chef's tasting.  We started out with a half dozen Oysters which were presented as half east coast and half west coast varieties.  The oysters were delicious.  We followed up with the Lobster and Ribeye which were each equally delicate, delicious, and made of high quality ingredients.  I would highly recommend the surf and turf style tasting menu at the restaurant.

As far as the drinks, the cocktails are innovative.  I would highly recommend the CIROC Cocktail.  My fiance ordered it and after I tried it, I had 2 more of my own.  They were far stronger than my initial Agave Nectar Margarita.

Dessert... Don't miss the Grand Marnier Soufflé.  Unbelievable and worth the 15-20 min prep time.


Location: 4.0 stars
Overlooking Rittenhouse Park, Lacroix has great location.  However, it fails to reach its potential in reaching out to the clientele which Parc, Devon, and Rouge pull.  The restaurant was empty on a Friday night at 10 pm.

Ambiance: 3.5 stars
The restaurant is well decorated and beautiful but obviously is lacking business.  Is it because its too hoity-toity? Probably.  An empty restaurant is nice but a busy, fun atmosphere is better.

Service: 5.0 stars
Service was incredibly on point.

Price: 3.5 stars
With dinner, drinks, dessert, expect to pay $50-100 per person.


Overall: 4.0 stars
Food and Service were incredible.  The prices are steep and the emptiness of the restaurant prevent it from being a 5 star experience.  Still, a great way to celebrate our 2nd Anniversary.
This was the best "fancy" buffet brunch I've ever tried. The food was stellar. Service was impeccable (our server was Daniel and everyone we interacted more briefly with on the restaurant staff was also wonderful). The presentation is extremely interesting - half the buffet stations are actually inside Lacroix's (busy) kitchen. 

There was a raw bar station (including caviar), a salad and cold appetizer station, a traditional breakfast station, a hot item station in the kitchen (including carving stations), a cheese/pate/cured meat station in the kitchen, and a dessert station even further in. 

All of the food was top notch. Favorites included: 
- Spicy fried chicken bao
- Maryland crab jus 
- Warm Rhode Island squid salad 
- Cornbread and grilled shishito peppers 
- Scallop sausage

But really, I'm barely scratching the surface. Everything was great. Highest possible recommendation for a fancy buffet brunch.
Coming from CA and TX, it felt strange to have the server call me "madam" in a weird, faux-upper-crust-English (not British) accent.  (Maybe people in Philly expect that.)  It seemed like even more of an act when he joked around with the kids in our party like a normal person.  But I have to admit overall the wait service was flawless.

My oldest friend from college got married in a civil ceremony and had her wedding dinner in the private dining room.  The food was excellent as was the wine selection.  It was the perfect place to celebrate such a happy occasion.
Seriously this place never disappoints. Everything is always top notch even during Restaurant Week. I love the seasonal touches to the menu and the view of Rittenhouse Square Park is wonderful. I would happily put myself in the poor house eating here all the time.
This is a review of the Brunch buffet on Sunday.

I took the boyfriend here on Sunday for a late Valentine's Day event (he'll do White Day for me in March).  

We both loved the brunch here.  The setting was very nice and the service is impeccable.  The wait staff is unobtrusive but always readily available for any requests and questions.  Our napkins were always refolded when we came back to the table.  

As for the food - There's a cold section and a hot foods section.  The cold station is set in the main dining room.  We had octopus, salmon sashimi, raw oysters, etc.  They also had cold cooked items like a bean salad which was cooked to perfection - not too soft and soggy, perfectly crunchy- and soups in little shot glasses.  The cold desserts section is in the same area with little tiny cute cakes and an ice cream station.

The hot foods station is apparently set in the kitchen!  You walk through the very big and well lit kitchen and pick up all sorts of food like giant-clam sausage to brunch staples such as adorable little ham-egg-and cheese combos in its own little serving cup.  There were at least 8 hot entrees too.  I really liked the mixed mushrooms.  There's a huge chocolate fountain which you can make your own chocolate strawberries, etc.

We had a bit of a hard time finding the place (it's next to the church) but it was worth it.  My boyfriend said it was the best brunch and best buffet he ever went to.  I didn't show him our check (we had wine pairings too) since it was a Valentine's Day event but actually, I'd go back in a heartbeat.  Whenever my waistline goes back down, that is.
Amazing dinner experience! Each dish was expertly prepared - delicious and beautiful. Service was incredible. This place has mastered high end food without attitude.
I reviewed this place two years ago after having their breakfast buffet. At the time, I felt it was just "meh," though certainly overpriced.

Well, at the time I did have a feeling I came here for the wrong thing. After reading the reviews more carefully, my wife and I decided to make reservations here for an Easter Sunday brunch.

Man, what a game changer. Everything we put in our mouths was insanely stellar! They oysters were really fresh and juicy, all the meats at the carving station were nicely seasoned an moist, the desserts were fantastic, and just the sheer vastness of choices blew our minds. I don't think we ate even half of the different things that were laid out for us.

Sure it was on the pricier side for a buffet ($95 per person), but you quickly realize where your money went.

Lacroix, you have redeemed yourself wonderfully.
I did a Thanksgiving dinner here. It was fabulous. Quite the experience. You went into the kitchen and did it buffet style . Amazing food, service, atmosphere.
This is truly a hidden gem. I brunched with Lacroix yesterday and the experience I had was unforgettable. Joshua, our server was really helpful and explained how brunch was served at Lacriox. He made sure to let us know that the good food is back IN the kitchen. 

Yes, hidden inside the kitchen. Don't hesitate to go in the kitchen because I was hesitate at first and I had to ask Josh to make sure if I was allowed to go in. Lol. It was a another world there and I loved how the food was displayed in the back kitchen, especially the desserts. There was a variety of foods from your basic American bacon and eggs breakfast to West coast and East coast oysters and foie gras s'mores! Not to mention they have a cheese and meat layout in the back! 

Some tip!
Make sure to check in on yelp to get complimentary champagne. And if you plan to brunch here, make sure to come with an empty stomach and dine for 1.5-2 hours to get your moneys worth! We definitely made it worth it. 

I would give this place a solid 4.5 stars. Service and food was great. Price is a bit high. Definitely a great treat once in a blue moon though!
I can't believe I didn't rate my visit here.

I was really looking forward to my meal here but I was sorta let down. I can't even remember what I ordered-it was that uneventful...uhmmm let me think...yeah I can't recall what I ate but was NOT impressed. 

Oh I was served this salad that had strawberries in it (I think)..it would have been better if they added something with KA-runch (walnuts maybe?). 

Water was good. I had this dessert that I think was a tart...not a hit. I won't be back.
Last year, to celebrate our 27th anniversary, my husband surprised me by arranging for a very special dinner at LaCroix.  While the restaurant itself is probably the finest in the city, "just" dinner wasn't good enough for my Mister.  Instead, he arranged for us and our two best friends to have a private dinner at the chef's table.  At LaCroix, that means dinner in the middle of the kitchen, surrounded by all the activity you would expect in a 5 star restaurant, without any of the histrionics you see on reality TV shows - there was no yelling, no drama - just a team of professionals engaged in a choreography as precise as any ballet.  We were greeted as friends and presented with autographed copies of the menu which had been prepared just for us.  After assorted canapes, including lobster custard, the first course was hamachi with muscat grape, asian pear and shiso.  Wine pairings were raised to a whole new level, as my love for champagne was transformed - a different sparkling wine for each course, starting with a Segura Viduas Brut Rose and ending with a Brachetto D'Acqui Marenco.  Smoked salmon with buttermilk, dill and caviar  was followed by an apple chowder with flecks of blood sausage (which I did not know I liked until I had it). Next we had mussels with baby sweet potato, pickled onion and avocado, lobster with golden beet, sea urchin and rosemary, seared foie gras with red currant, heritage turkey with quince, swiss chard and walnut, and lamb with English pea and tomato.  Desserts included parsnip cake with crème fraiche mousse, breton crumble and pear sorbet, plus chocolate cake with almond meringue, pear and caramella ice cream...and a box of truffles for each of us to take home, just because.  Somewhere in the middle of the 10 course extravaganza, the wine and the fun had us all a little on the warm side, so our hosts invited us to do what they do  - step into the walk in cooler to chill a bit, resulting in a selfie for the ages.  Each course was perfection on a plate; just when we thought it could not get any better, it did.  Just as wonderful as the food was the service, which was personal and not at all pretentious. It was as if we had been invited to a friend's house for dinner and he just happened to be Executive Chef Jon Cinchon.  For years I thought the best meal I would ever have was the one at the French Laundry back in 2000, but this experience was even better.
Full review in the Blog. 

plenty of time to get to my plane I just couldn't justify making reservations for one at Lacroix's luxurious Sunday Brunch. Try as I might I've never been enamored by buffets and relying on public transport to get me to the airport I simply couldn't go against my instincts.   With that fact noted, however, I had heard some fantastic things about new Chef Jason Cichonski's menu approach and I given the setting and menu I knew I owed it to myself to give Lacroix a try-with dinner's already booked I figured a lunch would suffice.

Arriving at Rittenhouse Square dressed casually around 11:15 and making my way into the lavish hotel I was treated as a valued guest - doors held, all "sir, please, and thank you,"  a liaison even offering to walk me to the restaurant.  Chatting as we walked up a single flight of stairs I was told a little bit about the hotel and restaurant and assured it was "one of the best in town."  Arriving at the entrance to Lacroix I was introduced to the Maitre D' and led to a lovely table along the lower rim of the dining area.  Floor to ceiling windows, marble pillars, white tablecloths and plush velvet chairs I was next presented with a menu and asked if I'd like the drapes up or down - opting for up the room was flooded with fresh sunshine and water was filled.

Greeted next by my server, a pleasant young man with great knowledge of the cuisine and the local area, I was told lunch was just starting while breakfast was just ending and I was asked which menu I wanted to see.  Jokingly I stated "how about both - and dinner too..." little did I know he would say "certainly" and return with all three menus in a matter of minutes.  Making sure that all three menus could be prepared I received an "absolutely" and was left to decide as if this request was somehow normal or expected.  Thrilled I took to browsing the options and identified no less than 10 things that sounded wonderful.

Arriving first amongst my ordered courses would be a dish my waiter described as "The best Foie Gras I've ever had."  While I can't say I felt quite so strongly, Foie Gras Torchon with Warm Banana Bread, Shaved Carrot Salad, Peanuts did deliver a fantastic impact for its $14 price tag.  A ~3oz torchon, thick and unctuous (as opposed to airy and creamy like that of Keller) served atop piping hot moist banana bread the liver literally melted in the mouth.  Adding texture would be a lightly vinegar seasoned salad of carrots and spiced peanuts - the whole dish worked very nicely and had a pleasant degree of East meets West that seemed to highlight much of Cichonski's repertoire.

My main course, ordered from the dinner menu, would be Hudson Valley Duck Pastrami with Swiss Chard and Grilled Brulee Peaches.  Ample in portion and rippled with a gratuitous layer of fat and crispy skin the flavor of the bird itself was superb.  Not overly salted but instead accented with hints of paprika, coriander, sugar, and garlic the "pastrami" influence was certainly notable and an excellent juxtaposition to the acidity of the lightly seasoned salad and grilled peach with a crackling layer of sugar.  My reigning favorite form of protein the duck was exemplary - on par with the best I've had.

Having heard that Lacroix makes an excellent soufflé from a local Philadelphia epicure I inquired about it when I was originally offered the various menus.  Given the time it takes to prepare a proper soufflé my waiter had to inquire with the kitchen - thankfully they said it would be no problem and they'd start it early so as not to delay my departure for the game.  Described as an "Angel Souffle" and adorned with swirls of silver and gold the dish would arrive piping hot and standing tall and proud.  A Peppermint Dark Chocolate Souffle with Coconut Anglaise and milk chocolate tapioca I first pierced the cloud of chocolate and was met by a gush of aromatic chocolate.  Taking a bite the hints of mint were appreciable but not overwhelming as the creamy dish melted in the mouth.  Adding the shot glass of Coconut Anglaise and creamy chocolate tapioca I was delighted as the soufflé remained standing tall - no deflation at all and maintaining its composure throughout consumption.

With my meal completed and plenty of time to catch the SEPTA to the stadium I sat and chatted with my server for a while about the Rittenhouse area and my other dining plans for the trip - a Philadelphia native he was friendly and informative despite his young age.  Declining coffee I was brought the bill along with a plate of candied orange peel, dried cranberries, and candied almonds as well as a box of two house-made chocolates that I would save for the game - chocolate ganache and caramel, both attractive and tasty.

A beautiful setting, fantastic food, and friendly professional service is something that all restaurants should aspire to - and something that LaCroix pulls off seemingly effortlessly.  Next time I'm getting brunch!
This was by far one of the best brunch experiences I have ever had! 

It was the morning after our wedding and was fabulous! Our waiter Mark was one of the most accommodating and professional waiters I can remember ever having in a restaurant in a long time. Intelligent and sweet.

 We mentioned in our reservation, that we had gotten married the night before, asked for a great table, and that is what we got. Along with a little blue tiffany inspired cake saying congratulations! 

Food is fabulous and along with the unrushed atmosphere and excellent service, I would recommend you not miss this experience a few times a year!
