Egads.  Where to begin?  I'll start with the line outside, which stretched halfway down the block towards 16th, and moved at a glacial pace.  Some loudmouths walking down the street screamed out to the crowd, "You're waiting in line for Mad River Part 2!"  Never a good sign as I loathe Mad River (Ladder 15 is partially owned by some of the Mad River owners, so to be fair, I knew this going in).  Thankfully, one of the ladies in our group knew someone, and we only had to stand outside for a few moments until we were ushered into the bar.  

The bar was crowded with mostly twentysomethings, many of whom looked to be leftover from happy hour.  The décor was decent, but nothing I had never seen before, although I did like the balcony-type area that ran along the left wall and up over the back.  Our crew stationed ourselves near the back bar, which is located near the two single stall bathrooms.  It was in this area that I started to observe some shady goings-on.  On multiple occasions, I witnessed groups of two popping into the bathrooms.  Not so suspect with girls, but the twosomes I am referring to were guys.  30 seconds and they were out. Meanwhile, one of the owners looked on from the vicinity.

This would not be a complete review without a quick mention of the poor attitudes of the female bartenders.  It was hard to tell which of the two looked more miserable.  The half smiles they attempted looked painful.  Maybe they both underwent recent jaw surgery?

I spoke with another friend over the weekend who had also stopped by Ladder 15 on the same evening, but during happy hour.  She said the burger was possibly better than Good Dog's, but the rest of the menu was uninspiring.  While I am curious about the burger, I don't think I'm curious enough to return to this establishment, and I certainly wouldn't wait in that horrific line just to gain entry.
Sup bro!

After we get out of our banking jobs, you wanna unbutton the first two buttons on our striped shirts, slam on some backwards baseball hats and pretend we're still in college?  

Yeah?  Alright!  I know the best place dude.  They have waitresses that are totally hot and music that is banging.  It's the best, dude.
i am literally so livid with this place that i needed to come home and write this right away.

so it's a wednesday night, about 930.  i heard about david ansill becoming the chef of this place, so i'm very excited to try it out again.
my friend and i meet at the entrance and walk in.  we were ignored by the hostess.  literally.  so we sat down at one of the high top tables.  a server walks by to get to the station, but doesn't say a word to us.

so my friend heads over to the bar, and the bartender knows nothing about whether or not there's a server for the table, what time the kitchen closes, and doesn't offer us menus.

the server walks by our table again.  she says she's no longer serving.  the kitchen closes in 5 minutes.  she doesn't offer us menus or tell us where to order.

and that's when we leave.

seriously?  this is no way to run a business.  your website says you are open until 2 am.  you have a late night menu that starts serving at 10 pm.  your server and bartender offer none of these choices to us.

i'm sorely disappointed.  and like the bitter vengeful person that i am, i now hope that this place either replaces everything about its management, or it closes its doors.
Dear Ladder 15,
I was dragged here against my will last night and I am putting you on my blacklist with Drinkers under places to never go again on a weekend night. I have been here for happy hours and it was fine, but NOT SIPS. Avoid at all costs during SIPS. Here are the top 7 reasons you suck (on the weekend nights), 

1. Cover. $5 cover? Really? What EXACTLY are you charging me for here? Cus it's not coat check, or good waiter service, or discounted drinks. 

2. The line. I don't know who would wait in line for this place, but as we were leaving it was extending all the way down the block. Insane.

3. The clientele. To be fair, this is not all their fault, but it kind of is because they attract this crowd. Let's talk about what most people are sporting: Collared shirts. Smug, creepy smiles. Over-gelled hair. Loads of makeup. 6 inch heels. Sparkly dresses that might actually just be longish shirts. (where do you think you are, Vegas?)

4. Too crowded. Somehow, even though you make people wait in absurd lines, and this place is HUGE, and 2 floors, it's still way too crowded to 1. get a drink (and you're going to need several to stay more than 5 minutes here) 2. move anywhere 3. stand still without getting shoved.

5. Coat Check. It's only $2, but I already paid $5 to get bumped and shoved and have drinks spilled on me. So it's really just annoying. And after waiting in line outside, there's another line for coat check. Great.

6. Waiting for a drink. IF you manage to fight your way to the front, congratulations. You can now look forward to waiting for the waiter to acknowledge you, and paying for an overpriced beer/cocktail. Now here's the real challenge: do you chug your drink, in an effort to make this place bearable? Or do you try to navigate the mob of people who will elbow half of your drink onto the floor/you. Awesome.

7. The smells. The upstairs area is, as my friend so eloquently put it "where people go to fart." Add that to the stench of sweaty fist pumping idiots, and cheap beer, these smells will invade your nostrils and cling to your clothing, even as you're leaving. Thanks for the memories Ladder.

You are not a club, Ladder 15, and the only reason you get away with all this is that the only people who come here are "coming into the big city" from the suburbs and NJ and they think charging cover and having drinks knocked all over their 6 inch heels and dresses that look like they forgot to wear pants is "just a night out on Philly!" Shame on you for taking advantage of those idiots.

XOXO,
Never again.
This is a good place in the city for a happy hour when you have nothing else in mind. There is nothing spectacular about Ladder 15 but you know they will always have the same specials so it's worth keeping in mind. 
Happy hour every week day 5-7: 4-5-6 
$4 Beer besides Guinness (this makes me sad) 
$5 House wine and call drinks 
$6 specialty cocktails 

They used to have a martini that tasted like a thin mint girl scout cookie that made the $6 cocktails worth it, but last time I went they didn't have it. Sad. The lack of Guinness on the beer list also tends to keep me away from here. Hoegaarden, Victory, and Blue Moon are included among others, why leave off the deliciousness that is Guinness? 
Also, they have truffle fries that are pretty good bar food if you need munchies while you're there.
The food was surprisingly good considering the fair ratings. We came with a large group and each person's food looked great and was said to have been good. I ordered cheesesteak egg rolls and truffle fries. Both were tasty and flavorful. The truffle fries are basically lightly seasoned fries and dip on the side. The prices are reasonable and we had an attentive and friendly waitress. I'd definitely want to return to try some of the great looking items others had ordered from our table.
If I like Ladder 15, does that make me a yuppie scumbag?  Of course not. 

I don't understand this blind hatred for Ladder.  Yes, the food used to be crap and the drinks were sugary and uninspired. Despite this, Ladder is always crowded from happy hour through last call.  Now that they are firmly financially successful, the owners have called in a new chef, David Ansill, to rehab the menu of upscale bar food.  

Burger with truffle aioli and bone marrow, polenta fries, lamb empanadas -- this is not just gastropub, it's David Ansill!  He's a professional Francophile who is obsessed with food, dudes.  You are not going to have a bad meal here with David on duty.  

The beer and cocktail lists were also re-done as of April 2010.  There's about ten craft taps representing local, US and European beers and they are knocked down to $3 during happy hour.  Hello, beer geeks !

I personally think its fashionable to bash Ladder because people are so eager to have something easy to hate, like the yuppie-white-hat post-college crowd.  You are not the things you hate, you're not the things you love, either -- no matter how little identity you actually possess.
Eeek indeed.

Before I explain the eek let me say that I love this little part of Samson Street that stretches from Broad and West. Was sad to see the Oyster House close. I've been known to go Nodding Head or dive-y Oscar every once in a blue moon.  When I saw that someone took the fire house and turn it into something gorgeous, I thought, I want to drink here!

So I did.  With Friends.  We braved the lines on a Friday night with high hopes.  I understood the crowd for a while - it's New, it's Rittenhouse, it's Friday.  Once we made it in, the inside did not dissapoint - it was quite beautiful and there's enough room to stand around with two bars on the first floor alone.  The crowd and bar-staff, however, well that was another story altogether.  Here comes the eek.

EEEeeek.   Maybe Ladder 15 is not for me.  If you're seriously looking for a one-night stand, have a total drunk fest birthday/bachelorette/bachelor party, or make-out hardcore in public, Ladder 15 is totally for you.  Don't get me wrong, it's not like I haven't done those things in a past life - I'm not judging - it's just not what I expected Ladder 15 to be like (and for the most part, I think I've outgrown most of these activities thankyouverymuch).

The DJ was spinning some good tunes, I grooved around a bit with my compadres, waited in line FOREVER for the unisex bathrooms (why do establishments always skimp on the amount of bathrooms?) and then meandered to the back bar for a beverage so I could watch a few of the drunk disasters unfolding before us. 

Eeeek. There were two very ample-bosoomed in tight low-cut tees (à-la McFadden's at the Ballpark) bartenders sloshing beverages.  Both were totally ice cold and ignored me for the good part of 15 minutes.  As the men around me kept getting served (no pun intended) I waited, and waited with my twenty in hand until one of my male friends who had just bellied up to the bar got one of the girls' attention.  It was only then, that she deigned to get my beer order.

Eeek.  Don't think I'll return anytime soon here, especially not on a weekend night.  I don't particularly enjoy being abused by members of my own sex and getting shitty service -  I've outgrown that too.
The bar where grown men want to relive their frat boy days. 

First of all, I have no idea why there's a bouncer here, especially so early in the night. 

The place itself is great. Plenty of wide open space that would potentially be good for dancing. Unfortunately everyone was just sort of milling around when I was there. Reminded me more of a networking meeting than a bar. 

There were tons of tables in the back but all had "reserved" signs on them. Don't know if this is the usual or someone was having an event but this is a bar, not a nightclub? 

The vibe here was just corny. We did a shot and then left (will say that the tequila was good and not just the cheapest bottle they had).
****This place 23+*****
****Most nights have $5 cover******
(after turning 21 and feeling like I ran Philly, I came here with a friend and were super embarrassed when we were rejected) 

The scene: Because its 23+, it brings in a lot of post-grads to late 20's. No one in their 30's. Typical fratty dudes in their polo button downs. Not complaining. It's not super dressy, but more so than, say, Drinkers. 

Music: Top 40, all dance-y music which is fun. No dance floor, but people tend to do some like moving. Second floor is much more open and prone to dancing

Bar: Bartenders are ...whatever. Snotty at worst. $8 well drinks. $5 Yuelings

You can definitely have a fun night here, but it's yet to become my go-to. Probably because of the cover.
I came here late Saturday night, and let's just say our group should've stayed on the couch playing wii party games. The crowd was the worst part about it, so maybe if I came on a Tuesday at 4pm it'd be better. 

I believe the owners were going for 'more upscale Mad River', and they nailed it. Ladder 15 had all of the same spiky haired frat-bro-dudes, just a little more dressed up. The girls were all hoity-toity too. My friend accidentally spilled some of one girl's cocktail and apologized for it. But she and her friend decided that the best way to get back at someone for spilling a little of your $12 drink is to spill the rest of it on him. Classy. 

On the plus side, the decor was nice (I liked the brick interior) and the bouncers were friendly. We were definitely under-dressed for the place, but they let us in and didn't act rude about it. 

The music was danceable, but every song was a mix of two completely different songs, e.g. Weezer's "Say It Ain't So" and 50 Cent's "In Da Club". It made the what-song-just-came-on? game a little more fun, but the sing-along-to-the-lyrics game a little less fun. 

To be fair, I went to Ladder 15 around 1am Saturday night. Not the most shining time for a crowd at any bar. But from what I saw, I don't think I want to spend more than an hour there anyway.
The other night, my friend got groped by a male there. She told one of the bouncers about it and he said he'd kick them out. 

15 minutes later, we see that the guy is still at the bar. She confronted him and one of his friends shoved her and threatened to hit her. We told another bouncer about it and he said he'd kick them out. 

Well they never did, because the two men were still there when we left. 

I just think it's ridiculous that nothing was done about it, because these men will clearly do it to other females. I'm extremely disappointed in how this was handled. 

But I guess if a guy keeps buying drinks and denying he did anything, then they're good in the bar's eyes, right? 

Teach your bouncers how to handle these situations better.
I have been to this bar a few times to eat and for a night out with friends and I loved it every time. The food is always excellent. However, my friends and I were denied entrance on a Friday night because one of is was only 22 years old. When I protested they said "we like to keep it at an older crowd" 

This is total discrimination and I was outraged. Out of all the bars we could of attended in center city we chose this one. We were just looking for a fun night out to celebrate a friends birthday and we had friends waiting for us inside. After much debate we were still denied. We were not intoxicated nor were we planning on getting out of control. 
I don't plan on going back here unless they change their policy.
I dread the thought of going to Ladder 15. I'm over a packed scene of bros and hoes. I was so pleasantly surprised with my recent experience watching the final Eagles game of 2018 season there. 

My crew arrived prior to the game and was able to snag two high tops. Our group grew and they allowed us to drag an additional high top over, as long as we did it ourselves. Fine by me! We set up in front of a large TV.

Andy was the sole server of the day. One would think it would make a person crazy. He was busy, but funny and personable; the perfect way for someone in customer service to be.  With that said, it did take some time to order, and it was easier to get drinks at the bar. The bar had TVs with the game on too, so it really was no big deal.

I ordered the spicy chicken wrap, without the mayo. It came out as a chicken sandwich. I was hungry and didn't want to wait for it it be corrected. Instead of the mayo, I asked for a side of guacamole. The sandwich ended up being super tasty. I had the Caesar side salad instead of fries hit the spot. 

It was a really fun spot to watch the game. Great energy and not the packed craziness of a Saturday night. 

Between the hospitality of Andy, the great game day atmosphere and the tasty food, I'm willing to overlook my preconceptions and a few little imperfections of the day.
So I was here for new years. Paid $20 for what I told was an all you can drink happy hour until 7, at 5:25 they said there was no beer or any kind of alcohol left. Conveniently, everything on the open bar ran out at exactly the same time.  Even more conveniently, when I was waiting in line outside to get in, I heard the bouncer say they were trying to clear out the third floor (where they open bar deal was happening) by 6.  False advertising. Not like they ran out of alcohol at 6:45.  Two of the three women's toilets were clogged and unusable--not a good thing on New Year's Day in Philly. This is not the first time I've had a problem at Ladder 15, but it will certainly be the last.
I was at Ladder 15 with a group of friends (5 of us total).

Food was nothing special. Some stuff was tasty.  Some was just okay.

Service was awful.  Rude, brought us the wrong food, then billed us for the wrong food we didn't order or eat.  Charged 18% gratuity on after-tax amount with no notice (for a group of 5).  

Alone, food is about 3 stars.  
Inconsiderate mistake-filled service is 0-1 stars.
Charging 18% gratuity on AFTER TAX amount for bad service is minus 2 stars.
I have frequented Ladder 15 on multiple occasions, several of my friends and co-workers have had happy hours here over the past few years and I come here 2-3 Sunday's a month after church service because the food is good and the half off the menu on Sunday is great. This Sunday 7/5/15, I went there with two of my friends (one expecting and one from out of town).....when we arrived there was no one there and the waiter/bartender "John" was extremely rude, being that I have come here before I thought to myself it's just him. We order our food and drinks and he responds in a very nasty tone about fruit punch but we let it go again. Finally, the bill comes and we look at it and notice that gratuity is added, I question it because I had just eaten there the Sunday before and there wasn't any gratuity added and that never happened in the past. Well John tells us that he called his manager and his manager said that it was ok to add the gratuity....I had never been so insulted in my life. To make matters even worst we asked for a manager and were told that they would be called but then in walks a police officer and the waiter replied to us meet my "black brother". I was furious, we paid the check minus the gratuity and never were able to speak to a manager. Although I like the food and atmosphere, I will never return here again because if this is how customers are treated and the type of culture that is allowed then Ladder 15 does not deserve to be in business.

Also after just speaking to one of the Manager's, I was informed that the police officer is the Bartenders friend and he sent him a text to come over to prove that he was not racist because the police officer is African-American. So is this supposed to justify the actions....I will also be making a complaint against the police officer as well. For the record the Manager Nick did not try to correct the situation at all.
Man, why so much hate? We were here for Happy Hour, some snacks and drinks - we sat at the bar, noticed that the spot was fairly empty (sure it was a Tuesday, but Happy Hour is Happy Hour) and there was an up-swing of yuppies hanging in a few dark corners. But we had a great time, a knowledgeable bar tender, and the most comfortable bar chairs I've ever put my butt on. That's right, I'm talking about the seating - I've never ever done that in a post before, so trust me, they were comfty. 

We had the AVOCADO & CHIPS - Spicy Jalapeno, Mole Poblano and the DUCK ENCHILADAS - Mole Poblano, Monteray Jack. Both were tasty. Not the most fantastic dishes ever, but really fun and solid. The guy next to us had the burger and I nearly stabbed him with a toothpick to get to it. We'll be back.
One of my ex-roommates told me a story of how she tried to bum a cigarette off someone here, and ended up buying cocaine for the first time in her life instead. I've tried SO hard not to come here since hearing that, but I found myself catching up with an old internship friend here for center city sips yesterday. 

This place is perfect if you're an ex-fraternity/ex-sorority business man/woman craving a return to your youth. Honestly, I think the best way to describe it is as a dressed up frat party. So much so that I was borderline uncomfortable the entire time I was here. It's two giant rooms--one downstairs, one upstairs--with just a couple booths, and everyone is literally screaming because it's so loud. 

The drink specials were pretty good--I enjoyed my Honey Jack & lemonade, but after sips ended the drinks were wayyyy overpriced.
I went here for weeknight drinks/dinner with some young urban professional friends, and it was just fine for that. 

The space is yet another example of that fancied-up industrial decor that so many restaurants favor, but it is done really well, with the wall full of rocks and pretty chandeliers. It's spacious and open, and on a Tuesday, not crowded at all. Our waitress was attentive and friendly.

The beer and wine lists are both small and average, but they do have Hook & Ladder and Leffe Brown on draft. All the cocktails seemed to be of the sugary dessert-themed ilk...not my cup of liquor.

Vegetarians have things to choose from here, including pierogies, fries and edamame for sides, and a stack of baby grilled cheese sandwiches, a mushroom BLT knockoff, and Marathon-esque "put what you want on it" salad in the "big plate" category. We ordered a bunch of things to share, and it was all solid 3 stars good - nothing mind-blowing, but nothing off, either. 

I enjoyed the pierogies, which came dressed up with tarragon (I will be trying this again at home) and stacked high for curb appeal.
after a series of medic ridealongs, i've come to seriously appreciate firehouses and firemen.
and so, i was quite excited by this whole ladder 15 concept.

unfortunately, it's difficult to separate the establishment from its patrons.  
so for how pretty the place is, i'd give it 4 stars.  super high ceilings, extensive selection of alcohol to get you drunk and get laid, booths that are way too huge and comfortable, and even a freaking 3rd floor with a fake fireplace.  awesome.

but then, let's take a look at the crowd.  i've never seen so many dudes in designer jeans and popped collars and embroidered button downs as i've seen in this place in a long time.  and where's the philly diversity?  i think i was one of like, 3 asian girls and my girlie was one of like, 2 black folk in the entire place.  

so there's a time and a place for everything.  ladder 15 is not my time, or place.
I call this place the "Kildare's for 30 year olds." I would recommend going here only if youre looking for a crowded middle aged version of a frat party. I would recommend having a few cocktails first just to deal with the crowd.
Also this seems to be the place to go for married men to hit on young females.. so wives beware!
So I went to Ladder 15 after reading an article on Serious Eats about their Burger 15. Ribs and marrow on a burger? Sign me up. And of course, I've not a clue coming to this place so as a habit, I come to my trusty Yelp site to find out the drill. Seems like everybody has a story about this place on a negative note. I guess it's a blessing for me to not have been here when the chef was different or when it was its former self, because genuinely I did like the place.

I liked the firehouse/banker/lodge theme, I liked the hard wood floor and the black leather booths, I liked clean and roomy bathrooms and most of all, I liked the food. Given, I've only been here once and I only brought one friend and we're both not really that hungry Plus, the items on the menu is in the "trendy restaurant" price range and it doesn't make me feel like ordering everything on the menu but what we had was solid. 

The truffle fries were the best one I've had yet. Unlike the other ones, the flavor of the truffle really came through and it was awesome with the truffle mayo/tartar sauce, any acid/ketchup would have killed the flavor. Chicken Wings were also awe inspiring, you'd know it from the first bite. It's tender but lightly crispy with a sweetness from the caramelization, the juiciness from the meat, plus the creaminess of the avocado puree, the spiciness of hot sauce and the aroma from the green onion and crunchy sprouts on top. It's heaven in one bite.

Burger 15 was also great. I was calling it the ribs and marrow burger the whole time because I like the idea of having that. Build on a brioche bun, the burger patty is topped by a ragu of tender ribs meat and bone marrow with small cube of mushrooms to add a welcome toothy texture, and some onions for extra flavor. It's one of the juiciest burgers I've had yet and in a good way. Though I have to say the bottom brioche slice wasn't ready to handle all that bootiliciousness and became a bit soggy. Overall, It's interesting and well thought out food.

The staff was friendly enough and my waitress attentive enough, refilling my lemonade when I'm barely halfway done. Although I wished that she would have warned me about the fries that comes with the burger, since it's not printed on the menu. I wouldn't have ordered another bowl of fries and gone for the fried cauliflower. The prix is also not printed on the Prix Fixe menu, have I known about that I might have ordered that instead. So there a re a few front of the house thing that could be better. It could be crowded in here and the crowd could be a bit obnoxious. But since I like the place and the food, I'll bring a few friends back and do it all over again.
I have been in a few times, and although I am a bit "retired" these days, I have to chime in here in defense of a place that's well put together, well stocked in many regards and not trying to represent itself as anything different than what it is. While RBV and strange women don't fit into my lifestyle anymore, I can appreciate a good time and a fun care free atmosphere. I am not sure why its being completely slammed on Yelp. As compared to its peers its a well executed up-and-comer.

Let's just call a spade a spade here - 

If you like:

The 25-35  Single / Employed Crowd
Good mash-up - Yes indy rockers, thats two different songs played together with a driving bass line.
Vodka
People who own mirrors, have access to them and use them
A fun atmosphere
The shore in some form (except for North Jersey)
Attractive Women

Then:

You will appreciate another option in the same vein as many of the other successful bars west of broad street which cater to the fast moving, hard partying, fun loving folks.

As a corollary - 

If you:

Ride a Ten Speed with a shoulder bag
Wear Black Rimmed Glasses
Like to complain about your job to your microbrew as you savor the "mouth-feel"
Think that Sansom St is just for "neighborhood bars"
Are Vegan
Think hipster, doofus, indy, shaggy or "alt" are complimentary terms
Have stupid Gauges in your ears, have sailor tattoos, hate your dad or think hygiene isn't that important

Then:

You are probably one of those bitter "i got picked last at dodgeball now I hate the world" hipsters who cant understand why being smart coupled with a shitty attitude still can't get you out of your moms basement. Stop bitching. Johnny Brendas, The Abbaye, National Mechanics and a myriad of other crummy bars (some with good food) all exist to ensure that you can have your chimay and american spirit while the mainstreamers will get nothing but bad service and sneers from the permanently-bitter-why-the-fuck-did-I-major-in-Art-History waitstaff. The persistent Gel in my hair hath earned me many an undeservedly bad dining experience during my decade in this town - congratulations you win. For some time I have choosen to support the local establishments which value my business. 

Don't get me wrong, I am a patron of the arts and music and *GASP* I like vodka AND *DOUBLE GASP* I go to the gym too... I just had to chime in here - I am seeing way to much of a trend on yelp with emo trolls bashing anything or business that's not ironically unique with a dash of alternative.

*off my soap-box now*

Good Night.

ps - I know half of you are furious and feverishly scanning my post for any errant subject verb agreement or split infinitives to point out in your rebuttal - I didn't proof this, I don't care if you can diagram a sentence better than I can, so fuck off.
I'm not quite understanding all the negative reviews I've read for Ladder 15. I really enjoyed myself after my initial visit last weekend. I'm guessing it's the clientele that's a turn-off? Who cares? There's great food and beer to be had!

Two of my girlfriends and I were looking all around center city proper for a decent beer and a snack on a Friday evening. Everywhere was packed so we settled on Ladder 15 and were immediately seated at a large booth. Upon reading the menu, I was happy to see a decent beer selection and a totally reasonable food menu. 

After receiving our initial beers, my friends and I ordered a few items off the menu, most notably the curried lamb empanadas, the korean tacos (oh my god, so good), the man burger (complete with bone marrow in the bone), truffle fries and a pigs feet special that was so delicious. 

We ordered two beers each, filled up on our menu selections and only paid $30 a person. I was impressed all around. I'm going back for lunch this week for the sole purpose of revisiting those delicious korean tacos. I can't wait!
I have never in my life been to a place where I have to pay $5 to enter into a bar that smellls like vomit.  Never again. Ever.
Gross bathrooms.  I'm not talking the usual "bodily fluid" type cleanliness issues here, I'm talking questionable white fluids on the wall (I will attach a picture to illustrate).  It wasn't even busy when I used that bathroom, and there were what looked like semen stains on the walls?  I question the sanitation procedures of this place, let alone the frequency.  This was a deal breaker, enough that anything else about this establishment, good or bad, wouldn't make a difference.
Ladder 15 is luckier than walking under 13 ladders...in the most hipster ironic way possible. Ladder 15 also convinced me that Yelpers often have 0 idea of what they're yapping about (much love Yelp ;) ). 

If you're looking for some serious bar food with some seriously good flavor, texture and fun, then Ladder 15 ought to be your go-to gastropub. It's got a decent beer selection, as any pub should, but it's also got that shiny feel...It's like a new car. Ladder 15 is clean, spacious and the perfect venue for eating dinner at 4:30 in the afternoon.

If you come here, you must get the poke tacos. Poke, an indigenous Hawaiian dish, is quite difficult to find on the mainland...and it's quite impressive when little chunks of raw tuna are interspersed with cubes of avocado, seasoned and placed delicately in a crispy taco shell. Discard the shell if you're more into healthy things. 

The truffle fries are amazing. They arrive at your table in a ceramic boat, so large that you'll question your ability to polish the white clean. No worries, as soon as one of those juicy fries coated in just enough truffle oil to offer the essence of fine dining, you'll be sure of your stomach's ability to stretch beyond capacity.
Just what we need - another expensive bar downtown that has mediocre food and charges too much.  

First of all, the happy hour only goes until 6p and at that, you can only get the happy hour prices at the bar, not at the high-top tables.  Second, they are unbelievably punctual about the happy hour ending at 6p - I think I ordered a drink at 5:56 that didn't come until 6p and it was a decidedly non-happy hour price.

Second, the drinks are expensive.  There are so many places in town that serve great drinks, do we really need one that charges $6 for a local beer, $7 for wine and $9 for mixed drinks?   

Finally, the food.  Don't even get me started on this.  Do we really need fancy names and fancy prices for regular bar food?  Truffle Fries with aoli for $8 = french fries; mac and cheese croquette with stewed tomato for $8 = deep fried mac and cheese; a warm pretzel with corned beef, greyere, and warm country mustard for $10 = a pretzel.  C'mon!  You can get a pretzel down the street for $1!  

To be fair, the space is nice looking with hardwood floors and lots of tv's for game watching.

Bottom line: don't bother - it isn't worth it.
i think its pretty funny how all the positives on this place have only one post. hmmm...
It's unfortunate you can't give this disaster less than 1 star.  Upon entering, the psycho roided-out bouncer freaks demanded a $5 cover.  Fine.  My friend had $3 cash so I paid the $7 balance.  They had already made up in their minds that he did not pay, and as he walked in, they began to shove him and yell at him.  We tried to explain that 7+3=10 (too complicated for these ID checkers to comprehend) while they just shouted and shoved him out.  As I continued to try and explain the really quite simple situation--one that a 2nd grader could very, very clearly understand--the roid freaks at the door grew angrier for no apparent reason and shoved my friend out the door.  I calmly volunteered to go on the other side of the rope to again very slowly explain the situation, but to no avail.  The geniuses at the front door simply could not understand that $10 between the two of us made up $5 cover apiece.  We further explained that what they were doing amounted to incredibly terrible business practices, but a place that miraculously has 2.5 stars on this site shockingly disagreed.  "We've been doing this a long time," they argued.  Well, hopefully they won't be doing it much longer.  If their rating says anything, these nimrods will be out of business shortly.  Stay away from this place.  And by the way, if the Bill Gates's at the front door are able to compute simple arithmetic and determine that you've paid the requisite cover, everything inside is overpriced, overcrowded and just not worth it.  Don't even bother with this dump.
I think I initially liked this place a lot more than I really should have. The decor is nice and appealing. I've had the food on occasion and really enjoyed it.

The service has been swell and the drink menu is adequate but not awe-inspiring. This seems like a good place to grab lunch, though I've never done so.

One thing I will definitely indicate, is that this place changes face at a certain hour. It goes from unassuming dressy-ish bar to frat-part-douche-fest.

You know the kind of crowd I'm talking about. They're the Mad River, Finnegan's Wake and McFadden's variety. They're the type that's already pre-gamed or bar hopped the evening extensively and this is where they gather to listen to awful radio hip hop and dance music - and not even in that funny ironic way.

This is where the floor runs sticky with spilled drinks and jerk sweat. At this hour and when this crowd flocks to the bar - good luck trying to get a drink. Feel like overpaying for that rum & coke? You will be, because the rail liquor is Bacardi or Captain - a weak attempt at trying to make this place classier than it really is.

On that note, there's also some sort of dress code that goes into effect of midnight of all times. So, no sneakers or looking too casual. In my opinion, that's just stupid because last night some of my friends could not join me... even though they were dressed the same as I was. I just managed getting my hand stamped earlier on in the evening.

Also hearing that they won't let you in if you're under 23, that's a bit of a surprise because on the mental level most of their patrons on weekend nights probably don't crest above 16.

I'd give this place two stars but they're hanging onto a third for one simple fact: they have some of the best wing-related food I have ever had. They're what they call "buffalo lollipops" - basically chicken lollipops (with the meat squished to the end of the bone) and tossed in a delicious sauce. They're phenomenal. This place overall: not so phenomenal.
The chefs must be Hobbits because the food portions are insanely small.  Me and my friend got three entrees and some fries and it barely put a dent in us.  The wings were good but were sized for preschoolers. The pierogis tasted store bought and the pretzel was tooth chipping hard.  My stomach was very upset with me.  

As was my wallet. The food was  too expensive.

If you're still determined to eat there, you should pregame at a friend's barbecue or grab some Thanksgiving dinner.

On the plus side the decorum was nice and I will say that the staff was friendly.  But so are strippers.
We had a normal experience with the bar as the night began. As the night proceeded things got terrible. They wanted to kick out people of "color" in freezing temperature when lots of people of "white" race were still Inside. Extremely rude. We asked if we could wait by the door at 1:36 for 2 minutes till our uber got there, showing the bouncer the uber app. The guy was like "no" and started to physically kick us out. Then we asked him why all these other people were allowed to stay inside, he said it's a "management thing" as he proceeded to kick us (and other colored people) out physically in the freezing cold temperatures and letting people in that were "management picked" stay inside till after 2am when the bar should close. I would not recommend this bar if people wanna have fun time. Would only recommend the bar during happy hour and bartender niki, as she was very nice and hospitable.
I've only been here once so maybe I just caught this place on a bad night. I was here for the last night of Center City Sips and was happy to be there and catch some deals.  I was there with friends the week of our graduation so we decided to stay for dinner. Knowing it was crowded, we were willing to drink at the bar while waiting for a table to open up. I put my name in with the hostess (she said I was the only one so we would get the next available one) and it began. An hour goes by and we are getting pretty hangry, I spot a large booth that had been open for about 5 minutes and we grabbed it - the hostess forgot all about us. Okay it happens. The waiter comes by and we tell him we are waiting for 2 more people and to come back. When I'm telling you this guy was never to be seen again I'm not exaggerating. Literally disappeared and we were left to be teased by the menu. The place wasn't even that crowded anymore once the business men were done with their beloved happy hour. We up and left and I never looked back. 

I understand some places can have an off night. If I'm ever in the area and looking for some drinks I'm not going to turn it away just because of one bad experience. Hopefully next time will be better and I'll be able to give a better rating in an update.
This place is a good spot for dancing, they play a mix type of music.  Pretty crowded on the weekends, at times you can barely get through the crowd of people.  This is the place to go to if you are dressed down with flip flops and shorts.
O' boy $5 for a bud light on a sunday afternoon and no special when phillies are on.  They are off to wrong track.  No food eaten, nice decor makes people want to go inside.  I'd go back for maybe a beer but until they change their plan, beer is all they get for me. No wonder why there were only 3 dudes there.
I honestly NEVER thought that I'd be writing such a glowing review of Ladder.  But heard that David Ansill was in the kitchen, so it seemed like a good place to watch the hockey game today.  Well, David Ansill wasn't quite in the kitchen (at least for most of the time we were there) -- he was hanging out at the bar with the rest of us watching the game (unfortunately Team USA could not pull it off -- but a phenomenal hockey game).  

Tap list and bottles are in process of being redone -- there's some great beers on the list (including the awesome Edmund Fitzgerald Porter out of Great Lakes Brewing Co. in Cleveland), and I anticipate will get better.  But the food is the real standout.  The menu looks awesome, but we decided to go with the two most hyped items: Korean short rib tacos and the Burger 15.

Tacos were great -- carmelized short ribs, kimchi, sriracha.  Very simple, very tasty.  That said, portions were a bit small for the price.  But the Burger 15 was pure gluttonous heaven!  Village Whiskey, Good Dog, etc: you now have competition.  A big (~8-10 oz) burger topped with short ribs, onions, mushrooms served on brioche with sides of truffle jus and marrow.  The result is something that screams decadent but also does so without replicating the whole foie gras idea.  Truly stellar.  The burger comes with fries which needed a tad more salt but were fresh cut and likely fried to order (they actually reminded me a lot of 5 Guys).  

In a city sorely lacking in great sports bar food, Ladder may have just filled this niche.
If you're into trolling around for guys/girls and love getting hit on by classless Philadelphia and Jersey trash, than this is THE SPOT for you! 

THE PROS:
It is nice that they don't let anyone in under 23- it weeds out the college kids, but it doesn't stop people from acting like total goons. So if you are planning on coming here, make sure everyone in your party is over 23 or you will be disappointed...

The best thing about Ladder is the bartender Justin at the upstairs bar. He is always on top of his game, making sure everyone is served in a timely fashion and being attentive. He is really friendly and makes sure to talk to everyone he serves. 

There are three floors to this place- the upstairs is the best spot to be. Downstairs gets incredibly crowded, to the point that you cannot move without someone's elbows flying into your drink.

THE CONS:
I used to love coming to this bar- it has great music (a mix of hip hop, rap, EDM, and top 40), relatively priced drinks, and an older crowd. But lately this bar has been SUCKING.

The bouncers seem to be on a power trip. Not only are they judging you from the moment you step in line, but if they feel as if you have had too much to drink (even if you haven't had anything that evening), they will deny you entry. Exhibit A: my roommate went outside with a friend to accompany her while she enjoyed the fresh air- it gets hot and sweaty up in there. She looked through the window to make sure we were all still by the bar and the bouncer turns to her and says "uh yeah, YOU'RE not coming back in". She asked him what the reasoning was, and he responded "you are rude" (she hadn't spoken one word to him or anyone else while outside). She called the manager over and the manager told her verbatim "he must have had a good reason to not let you back in". They wouldn't let her inside to grab her jacket, her cell phone, or the rest of us. We had no idea where she went for a solid hour and a half.

Ladder gets insanely crowded and the coat check girls are rude. I always tip regardless because they work hard dealing with annoying patrons all evening, but they never say thank you or make eye contact with me when I retrieve my coat and thank them.

Next time you are in town, skip Ladder 15 and hit up L'Etage or Time.
It's a real shame because I hear great things about this place, but the bouncer outside(bigger guy with red hair) made the wrong judgement and caused a scene when refusing my friend's entrance because she accidentally stepped into the street(with a stopped car behind) when she saw a friend down the road. He said she was too intoxicated, but she was 100% fine and she tried to explain the situation and have a conversation about it. Instead, he was aggressive and even slammed the door out of her hand cause while they were talking, she was holding it open for people who were going in and out. He was cocky and rude and we asked to speak to a manager because we were supposed to meet friends inside, but him and another employee lied and said there were no managers. Needless to say they lost business for good and I will be spreading the word.
Food not that great and we went as a group. I paid by credit card and my friends paid their portion in cash. When the waitress took our money, she had me pay the full price by credit card and used my friend's money as tip. It was over 30 dollars in tip. Not happy at all.
I came with my brother tonight and they had a $5 cover. Collectively we had $10 and they got very upset because I gave $3 and my bro gave $7. They instructed that he give a particular woman the money after he already gave it to the first guy inside, which didn't make any sense. We walked in and they got very upset and physically removed me though we collectively gave them $10. I made sure they gave my brother his money back, but I would avoid this place at all costs. I don't know that they know math very well and they would not let us in, even after we had paid the full cover to get in. It was bizarre, and I honestly kind of feel bad for them, working there.
If I were writing this review 5 years ago, it may have received one more star.  But I was also in my 20's, single and ready to make out with all kinds of d-bags.

I went on a Wednesday during Center City Sips for a friend's bday celebration.  I always found it odd that Ladder had bouncers.  Seriously, no bar in Philly needs bouncers, this is just for show so all the "bros" can feel like they're at some hip NYC club.

The place was littered with 20-something girls, shrieking, wobbling and spilling half of their $4 Barefoot Pino Grigio everywhere.  Guys dressed in popped collars and pocket squares milled about the scene, looking for drunk girls as prey.  

By the time my husband and I squeezed past everyone to the bar, we ordered some mixed drink specials.  Mine tasted like Hawaiian punch laced with vodka.  I feel like I could get better quality at a frat party.  My husband's drink tasted like they threw a bunch of various stuff together.  Gross.

The music was loud, which meant I couldn't have a conversation with anyone, so I just sipped my fruit punch and dreamed of leaving.  When we finally did leave, my ears were ringing once outside.  Maybe I'm just too old for Ladder 15.  Or maybe it's just that bad.
My boyfriend and I stumbled on the newly opened Ladder 15 this past weekend and thought that the menu looked great, so we decided to try it out for lunch yesterday. Sadly, we were disappointed.

Things started off well. We liked the wide open, loft like atmosphere and the waitress was very friendly. We got confused though when she started to explain how some things on the menu are "small plates" while some are regular sized. There are no categories on the menu, so how were we to tell which is which?  

We started off with the truffled flat bread, which is the reason why this place gets 2 stars instead of one. It was incredible. Since I was starving and wasn't sure about this whole big plate/small plate ordeal, I figured I'd play it safe with the burger for my entrée. It was a $12 burger, but it had manchego cheese and a smoked paprika mayonnaise so it sounded interesting. It was really bad. It was served on toasted sourdough bread that was completely soggy and falling apart when it was brought out to me. I couldn't pick up the sandwich at all (not even when I cut it in half), so I had to just eat it with a fork and knife. The meat was dry and there was practically no cheese on it. I'm sure glad I had the flat bread because I really couldn't get through much of that burger.  

We were given some complimentary cotton candy with our bill at the end and that just made us more confused. I don't really understand the concept of this place but, to me, the food is way overpriced and not good enough to try again. It seems like it might be a good place to come for just drinks, but I can't guarantee that I'll be back.
Disclaimer: Only came here to drink at night.  Though as soon as I got on this page, a big photo of splooge on the bathroom wall popped up and, well, a place that inspires people to splooge in the bathroom just can't be all bad.

This is definitely a "new" place in Philadelphia.  New meaning it didn't exist when I lived here back in 2009.  Around $10 a drink, loud, no dance floor.  Really just a room full of white people yelling at each other over the music.  Not an attractive crowd either.  So expect to splooge alone in the bathroom.
Upon walking in to Ladder 15 I thought, huh, clean, casual atmosphere, plenty of seating and space.  Not sure how the name of the bar fits in with the bland decor, but whatever. the menu had a selection of typical bar foods with a twist.  But all of that was just the image - once the food came, it was downhill from there. $9 for 3 tiny perrogis drenched in oil and $6 for a Yards.  In fact, the prices of the beers weren't even included on the menu, so we didn't find out how overpriced the beer was until we got the bill.  

As we were leaving, a small group of people were checking out the menu outside the front door. I let them know about the tiny portions and unimpressive taste of the food. they wisely chose to go elsewhere. As I heard one of the women say on their way to find another bar, "It's Philadelphia. You don't have to settle for bad food here."
Ladder 15 has tons of potential but a lot of kinks to work out.  We had a hair in our hush puppies and our waitress was unattentive at best.  At least three times we had to raid the next table for silverware and plates.  When we pointed out the hairy hush puppy, she grabbed just that one off the pile and we had to actually ask her to take back the entire dish for another round.

I liked the layout but could see the place getting nuts for happy hour. Tuesday night at 7 PM was very chill.  Plenty of TVs to watch the Phils.

The food (except for hairy food) was quite good.  The Buffalo Sytle Lollipops and short rib quesadillas were both VERY good.  The Roast Pork sandwich was big but $11 for roast pork?  The Hook and Ladder Irish Ale was a highlight.  The Seared Tuna oversalted.  

To cap it off, 6 of us wanted to split $150 bill onto different credit cards.  The waitress screwed up again and basically forced a few of us into paying cash.  Standard process a waitress needs to have down cold that just added to the annoyance.  

I'll definitely go back for a 2nd chance...probably because it's a block from my apartment.
Balls to the wall happy hours filled with suits and skirts from every high rise within a five block radius. Married men flirting with disasters and half willing women with hope chests in tow. This is the pond where retired fishermen come to fish and the fish come to feast, nibbling on sweet nothings and promises of fastuous rituals of courtship that disengage themselves just as quickly from the lips that released them.

We found our own table, at the request of our server, makeshift hostess, who wore a pretty black dress, tight in all the right areas, and then some. Her head bopped up and down as she spoke, a slight urgency lived somewhere in her tone, as her eyes darted to the table of patrons to our left. The table we chose rocked, an alternating seesaw of elbows shifting back and forth. Across from me, her expression tightened. The half smile she brought with her pursed outward as apprehension rippled across her face. I grabbed her drink as it edged closer, returning it back to the center of the table. After all, I was her sun, her moon, the stars that painted her velvet sky, bringing tender absolution to her restless soul.

Oh yeah, the food was okay. I found the roast pork and provolone cheese egg roll a tad bit bland. A generous helping of the included horseradish cream should remedy that. Cheers.
I avoid this place, for so many reasons.  The beer list is horrendous, the prices are too high.  The bartenders condescend, and the general crowd in here makes my shutter thinking about the fate of humanity if there are folk like these.

The food isn't horrible.  Every once in a while my friends are here and I go to see them, and only them, and drink my overpriced Stella slowly.  

Boo x10.
We went here for a farewell happy hour for a co-worker. The place is large so accommodating a group was no problem. The bartenders were all great and attentive. We never had to wait for drinks or flag anyone down even when it got later and more crowded.
I showed up after last call on Monday night but the bartender Paul got my friends and I some drinks as he cleaned up. I've heard the atmosphere is very different on the weekends, but on a quiet Monday night, Ladder 15 is a friendly, spacious bar with a good atmosphere and great service. Paul even turned up the song we like. Nothing like drunk Wonderwall to close out the night.
I had boots on and they wouldn't even let me in. Doesn't really make much sense, place is garbage.
Center City has been starving for a place like Ladder 15. Plain and simple.  I actually spent two full nights at Ladder last week, and I had an absolute blast. From the bouncers to the bartenders, everyone was as friendly as possible. Even as the place begins to the fill up, it is still possible to get drinks at the bar, which is something that should be copied by several other bars that I frequent. The private bathrooms are a great touch, and Ladder is a great place to take in a game, as you have multiple 50 inch plus TV's staring you right in the face. I was able to sample a small portion of the menu, and trust me, its worth a trip simply for the Truffle fries.

Can't wait for the upstairs to open up in a few weeks....
Lol this place has a cover and expensive drinks and bad music and dirty atmosphere. But has a crowd. Make your decision.
We noticed the not so welcoming reviews on yelp but decided to dip into Ladder 15 for a drink and a quick bite. The space is very cool and we grabbed the last 2 available seats at the bar. 

We ordered a glass of red wine and a beer. The first TWO beers I tried to order they were both out of. One draft & one bottle. No big deal right?....right it happens. Then we tried to order the poutine fries and guess what.. they were out!! Not sure what they were out of.. the fries, curds, or the brisket bc all those items are included in a few other menu items. Just one of those frustrating experience. 

We may try it again when back in the neighborhood but there are other options around. Cheers!
I don't know why the ratings are so low..probably because these yelp review ppl tried to get lucky one night at the bar and got rejected and took it out on this place. It sounds like I'm making fun of myself but I actually have a significant other unlike 99% of the people who go out of their way to make a yelp review aka the people who don't get laid aka the fkn wierdos.  Because let me tell you, the food is delicious. Definitely recommend it. So listen, if you're looking for a place to eat, come on over. If you're looking to get laid, and you have a yelp account, do NOT come here, because the record shows if you are a yelper, you're not going to like this place.
I went during a weekday at 5pm for a snack and a drink.  

First, there were no Happy Hour or Drink Specials.  Or, at least the server never mentioned it and a Guiness was $7. In Center City at 5pm, where can you NOT find a Happy Hour.  Ladder 15, apparently.

The food was not priced or plated for sharing but is certainly portioned that way.  I had the vegetarian "BLT" and my husband had the corned beef pretzel.  Both were waaaaaaay over-salted and not appetizing. I could hear a woman at the table next to us complaining about the inconsistency of the menu.  Indeed, it is all over the place, offering all sorts of unappetizing "bites".

Finally, the decor seems nice but is terribly uncomfortable.  The majority of the room is filled with backless bar chairs and the few booths that line the walls are at a sharp 90degrees so don't expect to lounge!

At the end of our dinner, and with the presentation of the $65 bill, we wished we had gone to Oscar's for a lager and some mozzarella sticks.  Sure, we were hoping for something much tastier but even Oscar's beats Ladder 15 when it comes to food!
I stopped at Ladder 15 for a couple of drinks over the weekend.  We stopped in around 9 PM and there were plenty of tables and bar seats available.  My first impression was the interior was surprisingly spacious and very clean.  A bartender greeted us immediately after we sat down-which was nice. She was super friendly and inviting.

Great place for beer and bar food, however their liquor selections is limited.  Drinks are a bit pricey but this is expected in the downtown area.  The kitchen closed at 9 but the bartender offered us pretzels and other snacks to hold us over.  After disappearing to the kitchen she came back and offered to take our order which was unexpected.  We were appreciative of her convincing the kitchen to prepare our food.  The quac and cheese curds were delish!

We left just before 10:30 and as we were leaving a dj was set up and tables were being moved to create a dance floor.  It looked like it would be a good time unfortunately we had to head to another bar to meet friends and didn't get to check out the dj.  I would go again.
Group outing on a Saturday afternoon before a Phillies game with about 20 folks.

Back area was roped off for us and the space was very nice. Tall ceilings. Back bar run by Stephen was a great option. Full bar service and has a nice Manhattan followed by a shot of Knob Smoked Maple Bourbon. 

Food was catering style BUT well above average and the choices were varied and tasty.

Egg rolls, spinach pockets, pasta, Chicken Parm, Sliders, Salad and more.....all hot where needed and tasty.

Will return if in area for another round of drinks and some food. Recommend for groups.
Ladder 15 is the Dr. Jekyll of Philadelphia bars. When daylight shines upon the facade of this establishment, it is a pleasant gastropub with some surprisingly delicious menu selections. However, when the windows are touched by weekend moonlight, Ladder 15 becomes an entirely different beats. Yeah, I wrote beats instead of beast. That's because I don't correct my misspellings. It's driving you nuts, isn't it? 

Dr. Jekyll - The daytime Ladder 15 has poke tacos. Poke is a unique type of Hawaiian ceviche that I cannot find anywhere else. Protip: the wonton taco shell isn't really all that good but the poke(pronounced poh - kay) inside of it is great. Think of a slightly fattier tasting, sweeter tuna ceviche and that's pretty much how this takes. Ladder 15's truffle fries are EXCELLENT. They are on par with just about any non-curly fry in the city. The BBQ wings are good.

Mr. Hyde - The weekend nighttime Ladder 15 is dark, loud, crowded, and pretty much pointless unless you're here to pick up a stranger. Its the bar that you hoped you could grow out of but your friend's wife has all these girl friends who continually insist you end up here on your bar hopping excursions so you can wait 25 minutes for one beer and then sober up entirely before your next beer, all while being jostled by the throngs of people trying to get past you to the bar.
Have been here late night when it is elbow to elbow but went for the first time during happy hour the other day and had a very pleasant experience. We sat with a super funny and friendly bartender who made us feel very welcome. We had a couple of draft beers and the hamburger. I thought the burger was really tasty and enjoyed the atmosphere.
I WILL NOT BE RETURNING. June 1st I was in there for happy hour with a large group.  We had a waitress who was on for her first night. I had 4 jack and cokes and when it came time for me to leave I asked her for my check. She asked me how many drinks I had and then took well over 15 min to bring me my check. It was $70. I reluctantly signed it and left because at that point I was late for a reservation. The next day I had an additional pending charge of $37. I called Ladder the following Monday and spoke with Mike the General Manager who told me he would figure it out and call me back. After no call back, I called again the following Monday (today) and another person helped me figure out what went wrong. The server had run my card for my bill and someone else in my group's bill and it was signed by someone else, not me. They reversed that charge which totaled $44 with tip but couldn't do anything about me being overcharged on my original bill because I had signed it. So I must have drank $17 small jack and cokes. Then I find out later another girl in my party was way over charged too, because the server had added the other guys drinks (that I paid for on my second charge- that he thought he had paid for) on her bill!    

None of us will be going back there.
Fun but not really anything special. Feels like college. Do with that what you will. Drinks were strong and there was no cover when I went so that was nice! I don't really see myself going back though unless I'm with others who are.
*Center City Sips Review* 

For a bit, I thought I was in the Rocky Horror Picture Show but I could have sworn I heard "Time warp" playing in the background. Well not literally, but when I walked into Ladder 15, I thought I went back in time to my college days. Stuffed to the brim with 'young working adults', these folks traded in their college IDs for work IDs. Perhaps they were trying to be young again and reminisce about the 'good ol' days of when they could drink carelessly. 

I skipped past the first floor and went up to the top floor. Equally packed, I met some friends at a table. I could not even hear my friend talking next to me, it was just that loud and noisy. The servers were clearly swamped and frazzled. We ordered the wings and Korean taco. My request for water came after four tries. 

The wings were terrible! Absolutely terrible. I thought it was just the sauce on the wings that was super salty. But the chicken was literally jerky. I couldn't even eat it. The Korean taco was sub par. 

I don't think anything could convince me to deal with Ladder 15's commotion again. This place at happy hour is deserving of 0 stars.
I really wanted to like this place, but after several extremely sub par lunch and happy hour episodes...I can't give this place any more of my time and money.  The service is absentee, the food takes forever...it tries to be chic, but if they put "meyer lemon mayo" on one more of my freaking sandwiches I'm gonna have a meltdown.  During happy hour, a few times they have kicked the keg of what's on special, and it takes a very long time to get a new one on.  How convenient.  Nah.  Don't do it.
I understand Felicia's point about it being fashionable to bash Ladder 15 but, sometimes, what appeals to one person may not appeal to another. Yelp considers a three star review to be A-OK and I agree with that description in this instance.

In my lone trip to Ladder 15 -- a place that is/was allegedly frequented by the likes of Jeff Carter and Mike Richards --I was wowed by the way the items on the menu sounded but not blown away by the taste. It wasn't terrible by any means. It was OK. 

I honestly don't recall if David Ansill had already taken over the kitchen when I went but I'm going to give him the benefit of the doubt and assume he hadn't. I intend to go back here and write an update to my review soon but, until then, I can only base my review on the average experience that I had.
I coulda sworn I wrote a review for ladder fifteen a while ago - but alas - I guess I did not.  I am basing this review on a large event my group had in there upstairs, private space.  

We had about 90 people, an open beer, wine and well drinks bar (excellent) and appetizers (not so much).

Firstly, there was not enough food (in quantity) and the quality of the small platters of apps (place on the bar - not butlered) was pretty meh.  Pretzel nuggets with mustard dipping sauce (cheap!), Mediocre quesedillas, and a strange bruscetta with an unidentifyable brown meat-or-possibly-eggplant on top.  Still have no idea what the heck that was all about!

Anyhow, service was fine - bartenders were quick with our moderately-drinking crowd of adults in there' late 20's to early 50's.

Will I rush back here?  Probably not.
I came after running the Philadelphia Marathon last weekend.  Ehhhhh, not sure of this place.  I sat at the bar, and even though it wasn't busy by any means, it still took at least 5 minutes to get a freakin menu (and there were 2 people in and out of the bar).  I finally got a menu and it took a good 10 minutes just to order.  The bar tender kept skipping over me it felt like, even when I tried to get his attention.  I'm ordering food and alcohol, so come on.  

I got the burger and fries because it seemed like good post running food.  I asked for my meat well done because I like my meat killed, it came out still a little pink.  Food was ok but not anything that stuck out.  Definitely better places in Philadelphia to go to
I've always avoided ladder 15 because of the clientele.  sorry, but everytime i walk by this place i am reminded that ladder 15 is not really my kind of scene.  but i was in the area last night at around 6:45 p.m and the place wasn't crowded at all.  Decided to check it out since i heard that ansill is the new chef.

Happy hour ends at 7pm, so I was able to get one of the specialty cocktails for $6 instead of the usual $11.  Mr. h and i ordered the rock shrimp and potato goat cheese cigars to start.  the rock shrimp was tender and flavorful.  my favorite thing that i ordered.  the cigars are really interesting.  hard to describe, but it is thinly sliced potato wrapped around goat cheese and possibly mashed potatoes, wrapped in the shape of a cigar.

for dinner, i ordered the roasted chicken sandwich with sharp provolone, broccoli rabe, and red pepper served on a baguette.  the chicken was tender, but too greasy for me.  also, the sliced baguette split at the bottom, making it very difficult to eat.  by the end, i just dove in atkins-style.  the sandwhich was huge and i only managed to finish a little over half.

i will say this -- the staff was very friendly and attentive.  the manager checked in a few times to make sure everything was ok and our waitress returned like clock work for food, drink and water orders.  

still not my type of crowd, but ladder 15 isn't so bad when it is not crowded.
Nothing special, the truffle fries were good.  Why have 10 tvs on if all you are playing is Notre Dame/Temple Football.  Meh.
My husband and I got a $25 deal- one app, two entrees. Everything was great! We had the cheesesteak spring rolls, spicy chicken wrap, and grilled cheese. Bartender, Andy, was AWESOME.
I will say Ladder continues to draw crowds week after week... (happy 5th anniversary too i believe?!) I've come here only on friday nights as an acquaintance works there and invited me. Yes, there are plenty of 'bros' and overly dressed girls. Well, i can't blame them...Ladder is setup like a club/lounge not like a restaurant/bar. This is the reason for the bouncers, cover charge, and coat check...all money makers. See the lines form on samson? that'll definitely peak anyones interest. Unfortunately, the place gets really crowded, no one really dances (so its more lounge feel than club), and everyone grills you (both girls and guys). I feel bad for the janitorial staff that have to continually clean up drinks that are spilled because its so crowded. They seem miserable,.. hopefully they get paid well. The bouncers are definitely on an ego/power trip...i hate to name drop that i know someone that worked there, but i was running late and meeting my friends there but the line was so long. It was just me... so i ventured to the front of the line as the other people in line starred at me with angry eyes.... 

me: "hey, you think you can let me slide pass because my party is already inside? its just me.. i know (insert name) that works here, she said for me to let you know that and you'd hook me up." (gahhh hate using that line)

bouncer 1: "what? you don't want to wait in line?" (what a dumb ass question). 

me: "its just me, my party is inside already, and (insert name) said that'd you hook me up". 

bouncer2: "whats going on?"

bouncer1: "this guy says he knows (insert name)"

bouncer 2: "well whats the problem? its just him right?"

bouncer 1. puzzled look...

at this point, i'm already showing them my friends phone number, i would call the person but they are working inside (no checking./using phone policy for workers at Ladder).. They obviously know the person already as i'm telling them more and more details about the person..after maybe a minute of back and forth...they finally let me in. 

Its definitely an older crowd. there is a good mix of young professionals and just made the "23 year old" cut, and well into the 30s crowd.  

can't hate on the place too much that brings in the crowd. but i don't see myself going here again...
A pre-p.s.
-=If you are going to Ladder 15, and you think you are hot.... do NOT walk in the middle of the street if cars are trying to pass...=-
 (because those i want to address wouldn't make it to the bottom of the paragraph.):

I started to pre-hate the place when I almost clipped some blond's purse with my side-view. 
That aside, (when I finally went in) I found it to be really nice inside.  Big open space in the center, lots of TV's and good music.  I must say, It has a really really nice atmosphere.  It almost feels "chainy" but in a good way.  Meaning, they had their act together.   
I didn't try any of the food, but the rest of my group did.  They had a few of the menu items and they smelled good.  I was already stuffed from eating earlier.    They enjoyed their meal, but I have to say it 'looked' like bar food.  The cheese didn't look melted enough, and the fried stuff looked 'really' fried, but again then enjoyed it.
The staff was friendly, and the drinks were fine.  They knew how to make a "red-headed slut" which is always a plus.  The one drawback was the stools.  No backs, and shaped a little funny.  The girls thought it fit them perfectly, but me and my friend didn't like them so much.  At the end of our night, they gave us a sample of a new dessert they were trying out.  It was like delicious reverse chocolate pretzel.
  
Overall, we will be back. Great atmosphere, supposedly good food.  Nice people and fine drinks.  I'm sure this one will be very busy, though I'm not one for crowded bars.  Thank-God for midweek.
I wanted to write a good review of this place, but the terrible staff stopped me. 

The specials were alright, I didn't feel robbed when I saw my total. 

My buddy was kicked out for closing his tab. We took time to check in, but our answer was to "go fuck ourselves" according to the bouncer. I understand not taking care of drunks, but this is a place that ruins everything.
Can't provide a ton of detail on the food, since all I had were 10 dollar wings and 10 dollar fried oysters at an office happy hour, which were only tolerable because someone else paid for them and I had already had 4 or 5 cocktails.  10 dollar wings for 5 wing pieces is overpriced.  I dont care if they are made by David Ansill.  Did he get some special genetically superior CHICKEN WINGS?  They are WINGS.  Anyway, my review is based mostly on the people and atmosphere:

Go here if you like foofy lala people who like to pretend they are "somebody" and rich, who enjoy nearly knocking you over with their pompous "im cooler than you" attitudes.  A bunch of women who think their shit does not stink and a bunch of men who are probably named Cole or Hunter who live off of their parents salaries and summer in Stone Harbor or Avalon.     If you can get through the crowd of girls dressed in skanky dresses to the bar, you will probably be blatantly ignored by the bartenders who share the same shit does not stink attitude as the patrons.  This place blows.
Another Great spot in Center City that I had never stopped by before! Met a friend here for happy hour and we had a great time! We grabbed a couple appetizers including Fried Calamari & Loaded Nachos, both Fantastic! I'm normally not the biggest fan of super loaded nachos, but they were so good, and not nearly as messy as you might guess they'd be from the picture. 



Super friendly wait staff, and they had a really cool upstairs space that can be booked for private events. Will definitely go back to meet friends for happy hour again!
I've been here a few times for Happy Hour since it opened, and this place is a scene.  There was a nice age range of people there, and you can't beat the $2 Blue Moon's on the Sips menu.  

Service was okay, a little slow, and yet our waitress asked us not to go to the bar - when it was right behind us! - to get our drinks.  Then pick up the pace, lady!

Now that David Ansill is the chef there, I am curious to try the food.

And I have found it the most fun, when the upstairs is open.
Truly annoyed that places like this get all low star reviews. 

Its a sports bar. Which means bar food. Bar food isn't salads and smoothies, its deep fried, needs ketchup and needs to be shared. 

Me and two others split about 4 plates. Everything was delicious and naturally we overate. My fit-bit tells me I have 10k steps, so I guess I can justify fried everything. I was here on either a Sunday or a Monday late afternoon and it was kind of slow. Probably due to some of the poor reviews. But give this place a break, it may not be the best in Philly, but it's just fine!
Eh. 

best I can say to be honest is eh.  Food is eh, beer is beer, drinks are pricey and watered.  Been to a few happy hours here and honestly there are better options on this block.
I do love that this space is being used for a bar & the open windows onto Sansom are awesome.  But I feel like this is where recent college grads with business degrees would go to meet up with their fraternity brothers after work before heading back to the burbs.  This place has nice finishes but the set up just felt a little off. I didn't mind having to push past all the tall attractive young business men & women in black suits near the door but once I was through, it felt empty.  The high tops were all in one area in an unfortunate cafeteria-style seating and although the tables under the balcony are cozy for groups- and great for people watching- I truly needed a booster seat to reach my beer. The prices weren't THAT bad if it's a nice night out, definitely not cheap, but they should really have a later happy hour to compete for the after work crowds.

Bottom line: Trying to be fancy pants? Go here. Trying to get a reasonably priced beer & an order of fries after work? Check out one of the neighbors to the east or west.
I went two night in a row. Good place to watch football and hope select beers on tap. Food is good just wander why they don't have a bigger menu.
I went here last night for dinner with a friend.  The place is beautiful and the staff friendly.  The food was good, but a bit on the small side.  We got the muscles (oh so good) and tuna (did you know corn nuts are yummy with seared tuna?  Because I didn't).  I left hungry.  I think that three plates for two people is ideal.  We did get free cotton candy though!  Why?  Who cares.  It's free cotton candy!  That is a good thing!  Also, the specialty drink menu looked amazing.  I don't drink, but I might start.

On the downside, the music totally sucked.  I think they played the same lame, nondescript house/dance (I'm not sure what the actual genre was, but you get me) song on repeat.  Also, like Ryan C pointed out, the stools don't have a back.  This might seem like a really minor thing to complain about, but where am I supposed to put my jacket?  My purse?  Maybe there was a coat check that I missed, but that seems awfully fussy.  I spent my meal shuffling them about so as not to drop them or spill some delicious coconut curry broth on them.

There were a lot of slick and swanky looking people hanging around.  I can imagine what this place would be like on a Saturday night, and I won't be going anywhere near it.  I'm sure a lot of people would love it; it just isn't my scene.  But for a midweek lunch or dinner?  I'm in.
Great place we ate it during some down time in center city. We were there during their slow time. Great bourbon beer and pretzel cheese dip
i have a couple friends who work here and i have been reading bad reviews. so after the rittenhouse festival i popped in with a girl friend and some of her people. i asked a gentleman who worked there if my friends were working, sadly they were not. our table sat and had a drink. the service was quick. we did not eat, but the space is great. really warm and friendly. we were only staying for one. bouncing all around the area. as we were ready to settle the bill, the gentleman who i spoke to (named michael) bought a round for the table. that was awesome. i will def be back and ill roll in 8 deep. making sure our money is spent to those that deserve it. next time ill go when my friends are working. maybe ill even eat. thanks for the hospitality!
Two times I have come here with 21-23 year olds and gotten rejected. The second time one of us was 23, one 22 and three 21 and they said there 'weren't enough 23+ in our group. So basically it says 23+ but you can get in younger if you are with 23+ year olds. Felt very similar to a frat party where a guy can only get in if he brings a bunch of girls with him.

This is a ridiculous set up for a CENTER CITY BAR to discriminate against the thousands of 21-22 year old college students in Philadelphia. Reading these other reviews it seems like it sucks anyway.


Ladder 15 has a stupid age requirement and likes to turn down business. I won't be returning once I am 23 years old, and hopefully the place will be shut down by then :)
First let me start by saying this is definitely a College bar. Another yelper below hit the nail on the head, "Filled with D-bags and creepy old dudes at times..." With that out of the way, I am not a fan of this place, especially since they have a cover charge. MEDIOCRE AT BEST. Normally, I would be fair and rate this place with three stars, because there really is NOTHING SPECIAL about this place. To be fair, I've only gone out here on a Friday/Saturday night to hang out. The reason I feel the need to review this now, is due to the bad experience my friends and I recently had. Closer towards 1am, a friend and I were at the bar getting a round of waters for our party. I ordered 4 waters and vodka club. I handed my friend two waters and asked him to take them over to our party. I missed his drink order, so I moved out of the way so he could order from the bar. Out of nowhere, a bouncer came up to him and asked him to follow him downstairs; no rhyme or reason. With my back to them at first I was about to deliver the waters and noticed the escorting going on. I quickly made my way to drop off the waters and go see what was going on. Apparently he was being bounced because the bouncer Tyler said so. Mind you, my friend did nothing to deserve to be kicked out for the remainder of the night. He was not combative, was not drunk, was not falling asleep, was not being lewd or loud, I mean, of all things you could be bounced out of a bar for, he did none of those things. I tried talking with the several different bouncers all who said that if he was ok, to wait back in line and he might be able to get back in. So we did that. still no luck. I asked to speak to the acting security manager named Pete. While Pete was professional, he did not give us the time of day to make a case or even evaluate my friend's current state to see if he could be allowed back in. We frankly were denied and at that point, after spending a decent amount of money for a group of 11 people, we as a group were pretty unhappy with the security service and we all decided to leave. We will not be returning to this establishment nor will we recommend anyone to visit Ladder 15. STAY AWAY, THERE ARE BETTER BARS IN THE AREA.
Honestly the WORST dining experience I have ever had. 
My family and friends went to dinner at ladder 15 to celebrate my brothers birthday. We had a party of 16. The bar was mostly empty when we arrived at 5:00 and we were assigned a server. She was not attentive and could care less about serving us. We had to ask multiple times for more drinks and to order food. We ended up with a $400 bill and tipped generously. All in all a not terrible experience that I probably would have given 2/5 to 3/5.
Then...we came back and that's when it got terrible.
Our server was now off the clock and drinking (and pretty drunk) sitting at the bar. Someone in our party spilled a drink by accident and she came behind the bar and started aggressive joking with us. Even telling the birthday boy that he was a "salty dog" then another person in the party ordered another beer from her and she freaked out. Started cursing and yelling saying how she was the rudest customer and that she was so disrespectful saying the F word after every other word. It was honestly the craziest most rediculous thing that I had ever
I went last Friday night to scope it out - see if it was worth it.  It was definitely worth it....I'll be going back often and recommend others check it out, too.  Rittenhouse needed a place like this - some place fun, with good music, good food but still laid back enough to be comfortable hanging out without feeling stuffy or self-conscious.  I had dressed up just a little, which ended up being right on the mark.  And the attractive quality of the crowd was also high!  Definitely a plus.  I didn't have a chance to work my way through the whole drink menu (specialty cocktails - a weakness of mine), but they all sounded great and it gives me another reason to go back, as well as working my way through the food menu.  The truffled flatbread is one of my favorites so far.   2 thumbs up from me.....
Went during an Eagles game last year.  No one was in there, so it seemed like an ideal spot to watch the game.  Asked the bartender if their was any specials.  He said "Nope!" and continued a drinking with his friend at the bar.  How is this guy employed?  Awful service.
Drinks were decent. Didnt appreciate the male bartenders talking about their female hostesses in clear hearing distance of me. Didn't need to hear that one of the hostesses doesn't wear a bra and they loved watching her bounce down the stairs. Didn't appreciate hearing them do a rundown of which waitresses they thought were hot. This was fucking bullshit. You shouldn't be doing this at work and you for sure shouldn't be doing it within earshot of customers (particularly female ones). Gross.
Why do people go here? Over priced drinks, 60 year old dudes hitting on any female that walks in the door. 80-1 guy/girl ratio. Nothing special here, just dbags.
Wish you could give them a zero.  Place is terrible.  Their bouncers are the scum of the Earth.  There also is no ladder, which makes the place's name dumb.
Cover charge? Check.
Rude staff? Check.
Annoying music? Check.
Plethora of hot girls? What's the opposite of Check?

I was already kinda annoyed because of the $5 cover (I wasn't aware of the cover when my friend invited me) so that might have set the tone for the rest of the evening. I also didn't drink, so that made me extra aware of everything that was wrong with the place. I wasn't smart enough to turn around and walk back out like one of the other reviewers. I blame peer pressure. Shortly after we sat down, the staff told us to move because they were removing the tables. Why? Because the place was too crowded to allow people to sit. 

The clientele: Imagine a bunch of 30 something guys trying to live out their glory days, while trying to pick up much younger women. Furthermore, the guy to girl ratio was something like 10 to 1. At one point, it was nothing but a bunch of guys dancing together with one woman who was moving in a "drunken white girl who thinks she can dance" kind of stupor. I remember this woman vividly because she had a chin that would make Leno feel inadequate. She provided some excellent entertainment for a short while.

I went in at 11, and had to leave by 12. My friends (including some females who kept getting free drinks all night from some guys who were following them) stayed well into the night, which makes me think that they must have been extra hammered, or they can handle douchey people. I suppose there is some pride to be had in that.

Can't say much about the food or drinks; I didn't see any servers for us. In fact at the beginning, two people were arguing about how it wasn't their table so food was never even an option apparently. Their cranberry juice tastes like cranberry juice though. 

+1 for drunken female Leno 
+1 for adequate cranberry juice 
= Meh
This place has bad food, bad drinks, and terrible service.

The burger I had didn't have much flavor, and the bread was stale.
They were out of a few beers, and the draft beer I had was flat.

And the service is terrible.  The waiters are slow, and the bouncers are super rude.
I had my ID checked at the door, but about an hour after being there, and having two drinks, a bouncer ordered me to follow him and tried to kick me out.  
Is this how you treat your customers?
Went in tonight with 3 other friends trying to find a spot to watch the Eagles game. The bar was pretty empty but there were a few big TVs. We walked in and asked the bartender if there were any specials for the game and he said "no" and took a shot. We left. Customer Sevice is not that hard- just tell us the cheapest beer and act like you want us to give you money.
I've been kicked out of ladder twice before for no reason but thought I might as well give it another try. It was a Friday night, my friends and I just purchased a "one size fits most children" hotdog costume for a bar crawl. I was excited waiting in line, thinking of all the fun times we were about to have. To my complete shock, my friends and I were turned away due to the fact we were in hotdog, ramen noodles, taco, and banana costumes (and one hamburger hat). I'm so disappointed, and don't know how to process this situation. On the plus side, Drinkers let us in though
Ive been going since it opened. The staff there is awesome and the manager has always been outstanding. The food may seem slightly high priced for what you get but it is always worth it. It is one of those great places that always has clean and private facilities, and a decent crowd. It is slightly upscale, but with respect to your average joe. It's not ideal to watch sports games but they will have them on the TV's when the games are on. I highly recomend.
I went for Wednesday Center City Sips happy hour.  $2 Blue Moon pints.  After about 5 of them, I had a great time.  A little bit too yuppy-ish crowd but it was fun.  I was memorized by the waterfall water faucet in the unisex bathroom.   Clean decor and decent music.  I would definitely go here for Center City Sips again.

I also ended up there for Saturday night.  This time it was way too crowded.  Music was so loud I couldn't even hear myself talk.  Also, it was way too dark.  I was shocked when the Blue Moon was $6.  I probably won't be going back for a weekend night.  I would give Saturday night 2 stars.
RUDE AND A F-U attitude. The chicken nachos had next to. I chicken, the poutine fries where horrible and the humus platter was the best thing there and it was ok.
We had a wonderful experience at Ladder 15 a couple of months ago.  The truffle fries were hot, fresh and perfectly seasoned, the meals were excellent--not just good, but excellent.  We loved the place, so we went back last night.  

What a disappointment.  The truffle fries, our favorite from our last visit, were barely warm, and tasted as though they they had been sitting in a warmer for several hours.  We also ordered a goat cheese appetizer, which was fine, but the portion was tiny for the price.  The food was also a big step down from last time, and even the portions for the main course seemed smaller. 

To top it all off, our waitress teetered on downright rude.  When asked for her suggestion on what cheese went best with a certain burger, she replied, in a bored sounding tone, that "the provolone was fine".  She placed all the drinks at the end of the table and allowed us to distribute them amongst ourselves.  For a Saturday night, the place had maybe three or four tables occupied, so there really was no reason for her to act imposed upon by us.

The two stars are mostly a reflection of the serious decrease in quality from the last time we visited.  We certainly won't be visiting again.
