I remember when I was at Drexel this place was the hot spot to get your happy hour on. After my recent visit, I realize why this place is always packed with college aged kids. The happy hour food is cheap ($6 nachos) and the drinks are cheaper ($3.50 sangria). The sangria was the sweetest thing under the sun. Staff is pretty crappy - I had to seek someone out to get my drink ordered cause my party was completely ignored. There are two fire pits and one was broken, the other was crammed with ~15 people. Don't go out of your way to come here.
NACHOS NACHOS NACHOS

Finally, Drexel has its own campus bar (MIkey's no longer counts) and we no longer have to walk over to the Penn area for anything. Landmark is huge and packed with TVs so first and foremost, it's a great place if you want to watch sports. Akers and Bradley from the Eagles are currently guesting on WYSP Radio here every Monday at 7PM, so if you're an Eagles fan, you should definitely stop by for that.

They have daily drink and food specials - check their website for the deals. They also have different events nightly - music bingo, trivia, and so on.

Now on to the food: NACHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOS. Good for four hungry men who just walked out of Rec center. Or for one of me. They're loaded up with beef, jalapenos, sour cream, and this bangin' beef short rib chili (that you can also order a bowl of, if you wish). 

The wings are also pretty good - big and meaty, and the sauce options are common but tasty. I usually get my wings breaded with sauce on the side. 

The food is actually a little expensive compared to other places in the area, but if you take into account the quality and the portions, it's not so bad. Happy hour has discounted finger food, and they also offer a late night menu with certain discounted items (some apps, sandwiches, soup and so on).

I really only come here for the food & drink specials...I don't think I've ever ordered anything full price. Great place to chill with your friends and snack. Also, the outdoor seating is great - it's getting colder so the fire pits are looking pretty appealing.

It *must* be noted that the servers here are noticeably better-looking than your average University City denizen. So you could come here for that, too. And nachos.
There were three people at hostess counter, but none said hi or good evening. One just opened with, "Do you want to wait for 25 min?" However, one good thing was that the wait wasn't that long, so we were pretty happy to be seated sooner. 

The food was a bit of a disappointment compared to the upbeat, young, trendy vibe of the atmosphere. The Buffalo Chicken Tenders weren't for dipping. Instead, they came out slathered with honey bbq sauce and were rather unappetizing to look at. Maybe the wings are better but don't go for the chicken tenders option.

The Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes sandwich was a mistake. Much too salty, and the crab cake was tiny - barely any crab meat! Sandwich roll was much too buttered.

My friend ordered the Carne Asada and I tried a wrap. Meat was good but wasn't very hot. Doesn't come out as a sizzling platter either. Guac was okay. 

Overall, didn't measure up to its sleek appearance. There are definitely better options around University City for American food.
Definitely a chill spot to watch a game and Grab the Landmark combo and Honey Hobenero wings
Average food, service and décor with average University City prices.
Tomato soup was good, Cobb Salad was just OK.  Brunch items looked like a better choice but I am low carb and many entrees were super high in carbs and/or calories.

Crowded  even on a Sunday for brunch.

Family Friendly (Surprised at how many little kids were here in addition to the college crowd.)

Good but not great.
A safe choice.
I get it... because Landmark is located on a college campus the staff gets the pleasure of dealing with college students frequently.  Guess what... that doesn't mean you get to take it out on me.

While writing this review, I am torn between assigning it a 1-star or 2-star because of how poor an experience you will most likely have.  I have little good to say about my experience, other than I regret not meeting friends at a friendly location.  Average food, above average wait times, and below average service with a nice mix of rude.
I think sitting at the bar, you get a better experience. The bartenders are more attentive, you get service faster and the atmosphere is better at the bar.

As always, got the appetizer sampler with sweet potato fries this time and decided to try the cheesesteak egg rolls. I would definitely recommend. They have great flavor and a little kick to the aftertaste.
Went with coworkers afterwork for Happy Hour. They were completely out of the Happy Hour white wine AND  the "next level" wine they would have used in place of it. So I had to pay full price for a glass of white wine during happy hour...4 years later (since my last review) & still a hot mess smh
I was just disrespected and treated extremely poorly Today at 1:56pm I entered Landmark on Market street in Philadelphia. I ordered 15 wings, 5 hot, 5 honey Haberno and 5 Garlic Parm. The cashier rung me up and it came to $19.43. 

A few moments later she comes back with the Assistant Manager Joe, if that's his real name. He comes over after I'm already charged and says they cannot make just 5 of one flavor. 
Did I want to make it a second Order of 10. I said no. He tells me he will refund me the money for the 5 and I will get the refund in a few business days. 

I asked him, would it not be easier to not inconvenience the customer to simply fulfill the order and have the cook do what I ordered. He becomes irate and rude and gets nasty with me. Cutting me off and asking me do I want the order or not. I asked him why he was giving me attitude. If the cashier can ring me up for the order that way then it means the order can be done. He says have you ever made a mistake. I said yes but this is an inconvenience for me, when you can simply ask the cook to cook the wings. I have been coming here since they first opened. And during wing night they would do amounts of 5. 
He again gets nasty with me and says we haven't done a f'ing wing night in 4 years. Do you want the order or not? I say again this is bad customer service and he goes and returns the entire order. He comes back and dropped my card in my face. 

And tells me he's going to enjoy eating my wings. I said okay i can get wings anywhere. He says to me i get off at 8pm.  I said okay thanks. 

This level of disrespect and attempt to bully and intimidate me is not how I believe you want your restaurant represented is the message I sent the owner Dave Goldman.

This was uncalled for. I will be leaving my review on every platform until I get a resolution. 

If I was not a black man, Perhaps he would have been more respectful. 
I don't appreciate being treated like my business and humanity does not matter. I contacted the owner and will continue  to share my experience until this is resolved.
1. Sangria was mostly ice
2. Waited RIDICULOUSLY LONG to get served (both times I've been there)
3. Food was cold

Three strikes, I'm out.
This is a cool restaurant that offers standard bar food at a reasonable price.

I always wanted to check out the Landmark at this location and was glad I did. We had a large party and our seating was kind of tight with close corners, but we was able to make it work.

Landmark is a quality sports bar with multiple t.v's all around the restaurant, which all features sports entertainment. The atmosphere was chilled and relaxed and our waiter was okay, he was friendly however he did messed up a few of the orders but that was kindly corrected and all was well. 

I decided to order the fish and chips and the fish was cooked perfectly, it was crunchy on the outside and flavorful and the portions were reasonable. The wait for our food and table was also not bad.

Overall if I'm ever in the mood to watch the Eagles football game over some good food and drinks. I'll come to Landmark Americana.
A good place for happy hour, brunch and $3.50 sangrias.

I've only gone to brunch once but if you're a Drexel or UPENN student you can get 50% off all brunch items which is a pretty good deal.

I like to go for happy hour and get the discounted appetizer sampler that comes with fries, quesadilla and chicken tenders.

In my opinion, Landmark is great for appetizer and finger foods. I recommend their sweet potato fries with the cinnamon brown sugar or the garlic parmesan fries. They sell large buckets which are worth it if you're feeling snacks.

The price overall is pretty reasonable and a great location for when family and friends are visiting.

UPDATE: the brunch is nothing special, and is pretty dry. We ordered the breakfast nachos and a egg and meat plate. The eggs were dry and overcooked. The potato's were soggy. I recommend still coming in to get a discount on the appetizers, but don't come here for breakfast food.
I went to Landmark today with a group of co-workers for my boss' birthday.

It was a good spot for the lunch crowd. We were 14 all together and they were able to sit us pretty quickly.

Considering the size of the group, the food came within a reasonable time.

I got the Buffalo chicken sandwich. I really enjoyed it. I subbed the regular fries for sweet potato fries. They were yummy. But what made them really yummy was the cinnamon sauce that came with it.

Everyone else seemed to enjoy their meals as well.
What a waste of time.

We waited 10 minutes for a hostess to come seat us-turns out you can just seat yourself outside. We sat at firepit and wait for a server-nobody ever came.  The bartender ended up serviing us our meal (she is the only reason this place gets a star since she went above and beyond her duty).

Bathroom was unkempt and one of the soap dispensers was empty.

As we left, the hostess didn't even wish us good night.
It was my first time here and we ordered ribs, chicken wings, and the Mac and cheese. The mac was my fav of the 3 and I probably ate most of it. The chicken wings were pretty good, I think we got some Asian chili sauce which was a bit on the sweeter side. The ribs were dried up and hard, probably wouldn't get again but the sauce was good. 

But anyway, get the mac&cheese!!
I'd avoided Landmark for the longest time since I was bitter about Drexel and all its additions after I graduated.  But since it is pretty close to where I work, my old boss picked it when we met up for lunch.  I was actually quite surprised at how big the space is inside.

I ordered the cheeseburger, med rare with sweet potato fries while my old boss got the chicken and shrimp wrap.  The burger came out really really greasy.  The bottom of the bun was completely soggy and greasy.  I don't mind a messy burger every now and then but this was annoying.  Every time I took a bite, I had to wipe the grease off my fingers.  The only reason for a 3 stars was the sweet potato fries.  I might sound like a fat girl but I really liked the sweet cinnamon butter dipping sauce that came with the fries.  My old boss enjoyed his wrap.

I would avoid the burgers here.
You know - this place is not half bad. 

It's very very American cuisine - so expect nothing less than extra large portions, big screen TVs playing the game (whichever that may be), and some nice beers on tap as well as a decent wine list and a few creative cocktails. 

On this particular evening, the place was a bit quiet, possibly because we opted for a late dinner. Our server was a very nice girl who was attentive but not over bearing. I also appreciated that the servers were all dressed uniformly. 

The vibe of the place was vibrant, and as was expected, it was filled with students. No problem though, as my friend and I were seated in a quieter part of the restaurant where we could have a nice conversation. We started off with the crab dip - which was very creamy and tasted exactly as I expected it would.  For the main course, I went for the spinach salad with shrimp and my friend got the maple salmon. The salad was ENORMOUS and satisfying. The salmon was good as well and came with a side and a starter salad (always a plus in my book!) 

For dessert, we had the little bites sundae, which came with warm brownie bites and little bite-sized banana fosters - delicious! 

As a result I'm giving this place 4 stars. It wasn't innovative or out-of-this-world memorable, but it was nice. The food was exactly as was expected, and everything was just plain nice. I was happy at the end and really, when I'm not looking for anything to blow me away, that's all that's important.
I don't know if I'd come back here, but I enjoyed it (mostly) when I went. You can't beat the convenience factor (it's literally across the street from my school). However, the dinner entree prices seem a little prohibitive for going back often. If you're on a college campus, don't you think you'd want to appeal to student wallets? Still, there's an extensive happy hour with half-price appetizers, so we just snacked on those. The food was good--we had the buffalo chicken tenders at "I dare you" level spicy (didn't quite live up to its name) and the mozzarella sticks, which were just like any other delicious, probably pre-bought and frozen, deep-fried mozzarella sticks (as in, reasonable at the half-price, but not worth it at the full price). I tried a bit of a friend's chicken quesadilla and that was pretty tasty; I would most likely stick with that the next time.

The beer list wasn't terribly impressive, nor was the markup. A bottle of Duvel that would run you $7.50 at more chill bars with better beer lists ended up being $9. Their ONLY beer special during happy hour was $25 "Coors Lite Towers" (1. What the hell is a Coors Lite Tower 2. Who the hell wants to order a Coors Lite Tower?) and $2.50 bottles of Coors Lite. Their tap list was unimpressive, but there were some decent bottles... probably at least $2 more than you would find at other places. I also tried one mixed drink, a pomegranate martini, which was pretty large actually left me feeling a little bit tipsy afterwards (which is quite an accomplishment), though it was also $10. Two of those and you'd probably be set, which seems reasonable enough. The beer was still a bit disappointing.

Our waitress was great--she was nice and very tolerant of our very large table gaining additions every half hour or so (it was a poorly organized celebration), and keeping three separate tabs, which I'm sure a lot of places wouldn't have done. One thing that did annoy me though was that she was constantly coming back to check on the table and try and clear away glasses and dishes, even when we weren't done eating. This is apparently not her own choice, but a policy that the bar has, where her manager freaks out if she leaves dirty dishes and plates on the table. I don't know, personally I would rather be left alone for a bit and have some dishes there than be asked constantly if I was done. She was still good though, just a restaurant policy I'm not a huge fan of.

Also, they started playing the Phillies game REALLY loudly. If this is your kind of thing you would probably feel right at home here but I wasn't a fan. So in summary, I would be back if friends were going here and I had absolutely no other choice, or if we had a large party for happy hour--but probably not at another time.
Decided to grab a bite to eat after seeing the new Avengers: Infinity War movie (no spoilers here). I'm calling Landmark a triple D: decent date destination. I ordered the smokehouse burger, cooked medium, which comes with sautéed mushrooms, fried onion straws, pepper jack cheese, A1 sauce and a side of fries. Dumb tasty! Ambiance runs the gamut. Depending on the night and what's going on in the city it can go from super chill and lowkey to lit. Nevertheless, a good time without breaking the budget. 

Sidebar: Can someone tell me why there are several flat screens on the ceiling in the back half of the restaurant? I asked our server and she was just as confused.
Average food that took forever. Same with my drink, it took forever. On the bright side, our waiter was super nice. Other than that, Landmark used to be good a couple of years ago.
I came here for a monday night music bingo, and that was really fun... also fun if you cheat with Shazaam. Just sayin'.

So I am not a fan of my campus having an overpriced bar that attracts bros, so I haven't gone. But they have really great daily specials for beer. Check them out. Okay fine I'll look them up and post them here for you, you twisted my arm...

MONDAY - $3 Coronas ALL DAY
10-12 $3 Margaritas (But just lime ones, and they're weak and very small.)

TUESDAY - $3 Blue Moon ALL DAY
$2 You Call Its

WEDNESDAY - $2 Coors Light ALL DAY
10-12 $3 Three Olives Drinks

THURSDAY - $2 Miller Light ALL DAY
10-12 $2 You Call Its

FRIDAY - $2 Bud Light ALL DAY
10-12 $3 Sweet Teas

SATURDAY - $2 Coors Light ALL DAY
10-12 Absolut and Red Bull

SUNDAY - $2 Miller Light ALL DAY
10-12 $2 Yuengling

HAPPY HOUR MON-FRI 4-7, $2.50 High Life, $3.50 Sangria, 1/2 Finger Food 

They also have some food specials. Here is a link to their specials: http://www.landmarkamericana.com/ph-specials.htm


Sangria is good, but most of the menu seems a bit pricey outside of happy hour... but those nachos... THOSE NACHOS ARE AMAZING.

CAN I JUST SAY THOSE NACHOS ARE AMAZING.

Wait staff is really friendly, patient, helpful. and their nachos are amazing.
I came here on a Thursday during their happy hour to try their $3.50 sangrias (M-F 4-7pm). 
I got a white sangria. It had an overwhelming taste of seltzer and Sierra Mist. I couldn't even tell there was any wine. The only fruitiness was a couple small pieces of fruit randomly thrown in. 1 cherry, and one little piece of orange.

However, their banana dessert was soooo good. It's called the banana xango. It had cheesecake with cinnamon ice cream and caramel sauce. That dessert is the only thing that would make me go back.
Ahh, screw it.  I think any restaurant I consistently and enthusiastically visit at least once per week for five years deserves a perfect rating.  I just moved to a different part of the city, so I regret to say the era of biweekly Landmark visits has come to an end - but you know I'm going to stop by whenever I'm in University City.  Shout-out to Apple, who is awesome.  Brunch is great.  Order the fried cheese and try all the seasonal cocktails.  Thanks for being fantastic, Landmark.
Reading the reviews, I'm surprised that so many people have complained about the service.  They're always friendly to Boyd and I.  We go to Landmark often, and we always order the same things.  I've had the grown up grilled cheese before, as well as the seafood bisque and the caesar salad, but I have to say that I can't resist the salmon BLT (sans bacon, of course, but they did give me red onion to supplement the flavor when I asked).  It's not an over-processed patty, it's actual salmon, which is refreshing.  Boyd always enjoys his burgers.  We love the crab fondue.  The highlight of our night is the brownie sundae; I just wish it was big enough to adequately share.  I'm sorry that others have had poor experiences, but Landmark is a frequent favorite of ours when we have some extra money to waste.
Great place to hit during happy hour, they have $3.50 red/white sangria's that  are pretty awesome get there at after 4pm and receive 1/2 off finger foods...
Best bar in Philadelphia, by far. The wait staff is horrible, the drinks are weak, and the crowd is unfriendly; it truly is perfection. I like to play a little game called: "see who can drink enough Narragansett that you wake up enrolled at Drexel pursuing a gender studies degree." And, guess what, guys? I always win.

I like their disco fries. You have to order them off-menu and really argue with the waitress for a while, but when she comes back with that lukewarm tray of gravy, fries, and (likely) spit, you're going to feel like your foodie adventures have finally reached the Anthony Bourdain pinnacle that you have been chasing for years. I drink 6 or 7 of these Oak & Coke cocktails before she can even clear the plate, and then usually I'll go take a nap in my Honda Civic house car out front. But, that's not all. They even have an outdoor bar where I can blare Seger tunes on my iPhone while telling co-eds about my health problems. This place just couldn't get any better!

You ever match with a beautiful girl on Tinder and then she starts to send you links to cam girl sites and you wake up wondering where your rent money went? That's kind of what eating at Landmark feels like. It's a true American experience, a Philadelphia past-time, and an event truly deserving every star I gave it. Long live America and long live Landmark.
Simply put, its a great atmosphere.  The menu is pretty good and the prices are fine.  Happy hour here is great, and sometimes you get a live dj on the weekends.  Overall a good place to be . . . doesn't hurt that they have Sam Adams Cherry Wheat on tap!
I went here last night with my darling hubby for dinner and had a really great time. My hunny had cabin fever and practically had to drag me out...We had 15 inches of snow drop in Philly 2 days prior and I was content staying at home eating PB&J and mayyybe grabbing a flick from the Redbox. In addition, for some crazy reason, it seemed like EVERYTIME I ate the past few days I got a stomach ache...Anywho, realizing that this is not Yelp MD, on with the review...

Disclosure: I had gotten a BOGO entree coupon from the restaurant directly so we decided to go here...Gotta love free food! At first, I was pretty wowed at the size of the place. It's long as opposed to being wide and they had a live DJ. Cool, I thought. It was a pretty good "after-blizzard" crowd there, too. Cabin fever was contagious I guess. 

We decided to order just entrees and no apps once we found out that it included soup or salad, potato and veggie of the day (which turned out to be a yummy broccoli/cauliflower medley). We ordered the short rib chili and seafood bisque as our soups and both of us took one bite and sat back in our seats and just stared at our bowls. We then asked (at the same time, no doubt) "What, is it naasty?" And then we both said "Damn, that's good soup!!" Here's where the fun began, we traded and sampled each others. It wasn't so fun anymore when neither of us wanted to give the other their soup back. Both of them were incredibly delicious!!

 We both agreed that if they were that good, the entrees were sure to please..and we were so right! We ordered: 1/2 rack baby backs and Chicken Imperial. I let him enjoy his food uninterrupted this time because once I wrapped my lips around the Chicken Imperial, I knew there was no way I was trading plates! The way he wolfed down his ribs (and licked his fingers afterwards), I'd have to say he enjoyed them. I also got garlic mashed potatoes that were excellent (he got the fries....boring....). 

The serving portions were massive so I was in Chicken Imperial bliss again today. Our server (who was pregnant, no less) was really sweet and attentive. I was impressed by that. So many would use that as some type of crutch to sit down and get their feet rubbed, but here she was smiling and bringing me chicken in cream sauce on a platter! Women rock!! So the verdict is: I would definitely come back and actually pay for it next time. That says alot cuz I'm all about free!!
A little on the pricey side for a meal, but good for a casual drink with friends. I've been here many of times to meet up with people. Once for a 1:50am shot after finishing a 13 hour project with a friend. Best time to go is when they have musical bingo. 

As far as food goes you can't go wrong with the nachos and sangria. The mac-n-cheese is amazing and I am a fan of their grown-up grilled cheese with tomato soup. Kid at heart here (and possibly in size). Food prices are what I call good for when the parents are visiting or when you're on co-op and have a little $ to spend.

The regular crowd depends when you go. During the day and happy hour it is a mix of Drexel staff and students, weekday evenings it can get a bit greek, and weekends it is best described as a "local crowd". They used to hire really ditsy waitresses who could never remember your order, but have gotten better from what I've seen in the last year.
I went to this place without reading or hearing anything about it, and I"m quite surprised to see that the reviews for this place is actually somewhat decent.

I ordered the ahi tuna burger and a friend ordered the carne asada. The carne asada meat looked incredibly overcooked and dry. I was told that it was also very tasteless and tough to chew. The guacamole was an unhealthy shade of green-brown. 

The ahi tuna had good flavor, and it could have had potential if it was not so greasy. Also, I had a huge problem with the fact that the insides of my burger was much more brown than red. The discolored insides was not due to overcooking (the burger is supposed to be seared tuna that is rare on the insides). It was definitely because the tuna was not as fresh as it should have been. I don't think it is excusable to serve old tuna if it is meant to be rare, but maybe I"m the only one with that problem. 

Service was rather sporadic and a bit incompetent. The waitress didn't really seem to know which dishes came with sides and which did not. The hostess coldly told us to wait when we arrived and proceeded to do nothing for several minutes before acknowledging us again.
I have been here once for happy hour and once for dinner. I was neither overwhelmed nor underwhelmed... so I guess I was just whelmed. On the one hand, their happy hour specials are great and when it's warm out I do enjoy the outdoor bar and some sangria. I also think their food is really good--the portions are gargantuan (it is AMERICANA after all) and the menu is varied. It's a good spot for large groups or just a couple people. However, the service can be really slow and the fact that the servers are all pretty in that we all look like the same blond girl sort of way can be off-putting, especially when you're trying to figure out which one of the Stepford servers is your waitress because you need something. I also find the management/hostesses to be a little disorganized. Overall it's definitely a place I would go back to for dinner or drinks, but I won't say that it couldn't use some work.
Very nice atmosphere, you can tell someone worked really hard on the design and integrating it into the Drexel Athletic Center. The outside patio is super cute, and I love the little fireplaces.   

I've had lunch here several times with colleagues and just did happy hour last Thursday. The food is actually quite good (nachos and the chicken and shrimp wrap were a highlight) and they get a star for the nice variety of beers on tap. 

They lose three stars in that I've never ordered anything (including a diet soda or a beer) that has arrived at the table in less than 20 minutes. Actual food will set you back 30-40 minutes. Maybe if this were fine dining it would be ok... but come on. 20 minutes for a diet coke? This is a place that caters to the office lunch crowd during the day. I've had the experience of having to ask them to box up an order before its come out of the kitchen as I've had to get back to work. 

Bottom line: not a place I'd choose. I'll keep going when work goes, but for the company not the food.
Two years later and it's still a 3.  The food is filling/substantial/salty/deep fried...enough to make for a passable enough lunch, but the quality is about as run of the mill as it gets and totally just one of the places that churns it out for the masses.

Came for lunch a few days ago and sat indoors.  It was a fairly hot day and the AC was not working, which made for a very uncomfortable lunch to the point where the backs of my knees were sweating from the faux leather booths (which are ripped in some spots).  We asked our server if they could prop open one of the several doors for some light breeze and she said she'd ask, but we never did get an answer on that.  Luckily there was ice water to cool us down a little.

The menu is kind of haphazard with no real theme.  Salads, sandwiches, cheesesteaks, wings, tacos, etc.  I was gonna get a salad but opted for their fried fish tacos (which had a star next to it boasting "Landmark Favorite!").  They were...just okay.  Instead of a nice battered/seasoned fried fish like I've had at some food trucks/other restaurants, they were straight up fish sticks.  Whether they were frozen or made on the premises isn't the point, they had that overly salty/mealy taste like they came from the frozen section of your local grocery store.  Thankfully, the chipotle mayo drizzle/slaw made up for it a little to mask the taste.  Tortillas were bleh, wimpy little things.  Also, the tacos came with beer battered fries as a side, which I find strange.  They were actually very good and crispy, but would've paired better with a burger.

Glad I didn't order the salad because, based on my friends' choices, it was not what I would have expected.  All of them got chicken on their salad, but instead of it being mixed in and cut up in small pieces, they just placed massive uneven hunks of grilled chicken atop a bed of lettuce with some strewn about toppings.  Plus they came in too-small bowls with plates underneath so you had to do the mixing yourself.  Just get bigger salad bowls.

We also started with a few apps, like the guac and chips (guac was actually decent, chips were stale and there were too few of them for the 6 person party we had) and the cheesesteak eggrolls were 'aight, but greasy.

Overall, it's average prices for average food.  Good place to go if you order chicken fingers everywhere you go or have visiting family who just got off Amtrak and are like, "we're starving, just take us somewhere close."
Like Landmark, don't love it.  Food is good, but nothing to get super excited about.  Great spot if you're looking for some drinks and some appetizers to snack on.  The sandwiches are good, but they're missing something.  Maybe its just me, but nothing seems to taste extremely fresh here.  For dessert, I would recommend the banana xanga, closest thing to the old Applebee's Apple-Chimy-Cheesecake I've ever had.  They have awesome happy hour specials like any college bar should.  Plenty of TVs for sports fans.  Young crowd.  Young staff.  Would give Landmark a 3.5 stars if I could, but maybe I'll have some great experiences in the future that will call for an update.
Everyone's 3 star reviews pretty much accurately describe the experience you'll have at Landmark, so my review will most likely get lost in the mix here, but might as well give my two cents.

I actually would have given it a 2 if it weren't for the portions of the nachos and the sheer size of the establishment, plus the outdoor patio space.  Why, you ask?  Let me tell you.

I've been to enough bars in the city to know that sometimes, cleanliness takes a backseat when there's a high volume of customers, but that's usually during crazy busy games or the late night weekend crowds.  For a Wednesday night happy hour at 5:30 when I'm not planning on getting shitfaced, I would expect a decent sit-down dinner and drinks up to par with everywhere else in the city.

I don't mean dirty floors or dust, I'm talking freezer-burn tasting ice that tastes like the ice bin hasn't been cleaned in ever.  

I ordered the $3.50 white wine sangria that was on happy hour special that night.  Not only was it not freshly made (or even pre-made and refrigerated for that matter), it was sitting like syrup in a pitcher outside in the heat, covered in plastic wrap.  That didn't bother me so much as the ENTIRE cup she filled with ice, so I ended up probably getting only half of what I paid for.  At least it cooled it down, but the ice seriously tasted disgusting and the white wine tasted more like Welch's white grape juice.  

Not only did the ice taste dirty, but the lime and orange she topped my cup with had flyaway dust and dirt on them, like they hadn't been rinsed and/or had been sitting without a cover.  Even when I ordered a Corona for my second drink, the lime in my bottle had a stray fuzzy something or other on it.  Listen, I totally understand it's an OUTSIDE bar and you can't help all debris, but a quick double check of the ingredients before you serve them could do you and the customer good.  

In addition, the fire pit we sat at had bird shit and stray, dried limes on the stone, which again, it's outside, that's gonna happen.  But a quick rinse down and a clean up as if it's a regular table would help.  The inside of the restaurant was huge and clean, so perhaps the back patio just kinda falls off the radar sometimes.

I can't say the nachos were all that amazing, just that they were GIGANTIC for an appetizer- like 4 people could easily split that.  The cilantro-cheddar queso sauce was decent, but there was way too much of it that it became hard to pick up a nacho that wasn't drenched and the chicken was just MEHH.

The live acoustic music was a nice touch, and it seems they have different deals and specials for each night of the week, so that's a plus.  I can't say I'll never come back, but it definitely won't be my new happy hour spot, either.  Stick to Zavino for quality food and drink in the area.
I went to Landmark for a Friday lunch.  Despite the restaurant being only about a third full, the service was a mess.  There were at least 7 or 8 wait staff wandering around the restaurant all dressed like they were going to the gym or in other states of dishevelment as opposed to working at a fairly upscale restaurant.  You shouldn't have to be told to brush your hair and take off your stretch pants before going to work, ladies.  I can imagine that the only competent person I observed working the front of the house must find the situation frustrating, at best.  It took 10-15 minutes after being seated for someone to come over and ask if we'd ordered yet.  C'mon, you have all these people walking around doing nothing.   They seem to have management problems.  The restaurant is attractive and comfortable, albeit with a few too many tv screens going for my taste.  

They were out of the draft beer I ordered, so I made another selection, which was same as my dining partner's.  About 15 minutes later, the waitress appears with one pint of flat looking Yuengling Lager, apologizing that they were changing the keg and this was the last pint left.  The lager tasted worse than it looked, flat, sour and skunky.  Thanks for giving me the dregs of the keg!  It was sent back and after a long wait, we finally got 2 fresh pints.    If you're in a hurry or have limited time, skip Landmark because lunch takes about 2 hours.  

The food almost made up for the lousy service.  The ahi tuna BLT with wasabi mayonnaise was very tasty.  It came with a skimpy side sweet potato fries.  The sweet cinnamony dipping sauce is a good accompaniment  .  My companion had a burger, which she seemed to enjoy.
Being a Uni student, I'm honestly content with the atmosphere of Lanmark. I mean, what's the point of making it all posh when really, we're just looking for cheap drinks and stumble out there drunk? I haven't tried the food yet nor do I care to try.
I used to come here a lot when I was a senior at Drexel, so I came back with some friends for a nostalgic visit recently. The DJ was great and the food was as good as it usually is, but right before we left, I saw a mouse run towards our table from the direction of the kitchen and all the way across the restaurant. I don't know if it came from outside or from the kitchen, but it was not something I would ever want to see in a restaurant. I'm slightly appalled, and I don't plan on coming back any time soon.
I'm not sure what other people are expecting from this place or why they're so butt hurt, but let me tell you...  GO AND SEE FOR YOURSELF!!  If you don't like the atmosphere, it might just be YOU!!  So do those of us who are having fun a favor and GO HOME!!  No one wants to see your bitter beer face.  :-)

With that being said.  I'm just going to make a list of things.  Lists are easier to read than paragraphs lol

1. 50 cent wings on Sundays and Tuesdays.  There are about six or so different sauces to choose from and you can order five at a time.  *WARNING*  Be careful with the "I Dare You" sauce.  Ask for it on the side, it... is... HOT!

2. $3 Oakheart and Cokes, all the time!  $5 margaritas (they can be a little weak), $3.50 sangria

3.  ITS A SPORTS BAR!!  If you ask for a certain game, you'll usually be accommodated.  They even put the Bulls game on for us during the Flyers game!!

4.  Waitstaff is always nice.  If they make a mistake, LET IT GO!!  Just let them know (nicely) and they're graciously correct the problem.

5. $2.50 Yuenglings... ALL THE TIME!!

Trivia night on Tuesdays, Music Bingo on Wednesdays (or maybe I have those backwards), $2 *weak* margaritas on Mondays, BOGO burgers on Wednesdays, $5 pitchers on Thursdays!!

The vibe is pretty cool.  Usually just fun people looking for a fun and cheap good time.  This place is not for the pretentious, the snobby or the snooty.  If you want to grab something cheap and decent to eat, along with a few beers... COME HERE!
The food is tasteless, and the portions are too big. You will pay too much money for ANYTHING, unless you are buying appetizers during Happy Hour, which are great value for money -- although you will have to sacrifice taste. I have had their crab dip, which was way too rich, and overly-spiced. I have also had their nachos, which I thought were nothing special. Their short rib chili from the late night menu is the only palatable thing I've had there. Plus it's cheap, at $3 a bowl. 

Now, on to drinks. They have an OK selection of beer, and a good enough liquor stock to support most cocktails. The bar staff is USELESS almost 6 out 7 days of the week. 

The drink specials that change every day are OK, but you normally have to settle for $2 bottles of pisswater...I have not seen any specials on imported beer.

I do enjoy the decor, ambience, and plethora of TVs, and the deals you get at happy-hour. But that is not enough to justify the shit bartending and remedial waitstaff.

UPDATE: I just HAD to include this, because I've seen so many reviews that talk about it. WHY is the fact that this place is connected to the Drexel Rec Center a "plus"? How often do you go straight to a restaurant, unshowered, after weight lifting? If anything, I think it's a negative, because the crowd of loud and moronic students that pool in here in the late afternoon, as most of the classes are out is unbearable.
Terrible service. Waited forever to get our food, once it came, my friends "gluten free" sandwich had fries on it, and by the time her replacement came, we were already finished our food. Glassboro location is much better.
The smell that smacks you in the face when you walk in the front door is absolutely disgusting! How on earth does management let this continue?? Everything you touch, from the menus to the bar counter itself is sticky... The furniture is completely soiled that it looks like someone sat in their own oily, filthy self for a decade. If that's how the front of the house is, I don't even want to think about the kitchen... Stay away!!!
Boy this place is awful.  Ordered a burger, asked for it medium rare and it came back a dull shade of grey.  Sent it back and asked for a refund because its clear the guys cooking in back have no clue what they're doing.  None of the food you eat at landmark is fresh, it's all frozen and canned crap thats reheated in a microwave and then allowed to sit on the counter for 30 minutes.. As for the service, you'll be lucky if you see your waitress more than once throughout the meal.  Wanna order takeout? Good luck with that cause they never answer the phone and there is rarely someone at the front to greet you when you walk in.  I like to think of myself as an understanding guy and I wouldave forgiven landmark and passed the lackluster experience off as an anomaly only if I had received an apology from the manager or atleast a complimentary meal.  But no, all I got was a "sorry" from the indifferent waitress. In a sense I'm thankful for bad customer service experiences like this because it makes me work hard in my own business abd take care of my clients because I know how awful it feels to receive bad service.

Thanks landmark!
Horrible server. Food pretty much sucked. How is this place in business? 
Our servers catch phase was, "I'm sorry about that". It wasn't just our table it was all the tables around us. 
We waited 20 mins from the time I was seats tell she came out of the kitchen to ask if I needed any drinks. To make matters worse I had a 5 and 8 year old with me. They had already completed the kid games on the kid menu before the server even made a first visit. 
Server never brought out our guac appetizer. Didn't bring any silverware or napkins. I had to get that myself after the meals were delivered by the runner. Had to go find my own catchup as well. 
The rib eye steak sandwich was served cool. The frys cold. Are you kidding me!?
Run from this place!
Drexel students finally have a place to call their own!

Love the outdoor seating and fire pits. The interiors are nice too. Lots of TVs, pretty roomy. Service is fair - I came on a pretty busy Friday afternoon and it took maybe 30 minutes for an order of wings and french fries. The servings are big so come hungry.

The daily specials are really good so make sure you check out the website to see what's going on.
I have only been here for the happy hour specials. For that special time during the week day, you could enjoy plentiful amount of American finger foods at such a low price.

Get the wings, you won't regret it. Everything else was your average bar food, like the drowning, soggy nachos... if you're into that.
The food was good with no complaints. The tacos were fresh and flavorful. The service was good and prompt as well.
It's sad, because given this place's location and concept, it should easily be one of the most popular casual dining places in University City. Sadly, crappy service will keep me from returning.

I went to Landmark with a co-worker on two different occasions. We picked Landmark because it was nearby, apparently had okay food and wouldn't take too long. Not only did we have to seat ourselves because of the weird set-up of the restaurant (and the fact that a staff member told us there "might be a hostess up front who can seat you. If not, just pick one."), but we waited a good while before a waitress came by each time.

We started out by ordering some drinks. I guess I'm old-fashioned, but I feel as though when you work in a restaurant for any amount of time, you should not look shocked and confused when someone orders a cocktail. Now, I get it. The place is big on beer. But they wouldn't have an entire drink menu that lists cocktails if they didn't plan on selling them sometimes. Both times we ordered drinks at this place, our server looked at us as if she'd never heard the things coming out of our mouths before, and both times she had to ask us for a look at the menu to understand what we were trying to order (note that we had a different server both times). 

Our first server immediately walked away and we saw her asking the bartender about what we ordered, who then had to look at a menu herself! The second server we encountered appeared to be asking a manager about what we'd ordered. Both times, my friend (who ordered the same drink both days) got a drink that was prepared differently, and very slowly by a bartender who was too busy flirting with a number of bar guests to be bothered to make our drinks.

On our first visit, we decided to order the City-Wide Special as our second beverage. Now, anyone who is 21 and lives in Philadelphia should know what the city-wide special is: shitty, cheapest beer the bar offers and a shot for somewhere between $3 and $5. Not only did this girl have no idea what we were talking about, but again had to ask us to see where it's listed on the drink menu, followed by a snide "Oh...nobody ever orders that" as she walked away. 

Our food was decent. One time I had the veggie burger, the other the buffalo chicken sandwich. Nothing crazy, but I didn't feel hungry or sick after either. 

Both times we wanted our check, we had to ask what we assumed was a manager because our waitresses seemed to disappear as soon as they dropped our food off.

I really have no plans to go back here. Crappy service and mediocre food.
I don't know why it took me so long to come to Landmark since I get off at 34th street 5 days out of the week, but yesterday I finally got to eat there. 

We went for dinner around 4. It wasn't crowded at all (probably because drexel and upenn are on winter break) and we got seated right away. The atmosphere is really nice and I'm pretty sure wherever you sit you can see a TV. 

I ordered the grownup grilled cheese. It came with tomato soup instead of fries which I didn't mind (both would have been way too much food). For a grilled cheese it was really good and the tomato soup was good too (put slightly spicy). The person I was with got chicken fingers (it sounds like we were ordering off the kids menu, haha) and he said they were really good also.

So far so good. I'll be coming back. Hopefully it stays as good as it seems.
The service here is terrible. I used to come here all the time when I was on Drexel campus but the quality of food has definitely decreased. The happy hour deals are great and reasonable. I've had the nachos here plenty of times but am not really a huge fan of tomatoes. 

Landmark is definitely a good place to hangout and watch sports but not really a date type of atmosphere.
A big group of us went to Landmark the other night for happy hour. Because it was a nice night, they had their big outdoor terrace open. A big bar along one side, plus tables & 2 outdoor firepits. 

It was busy, but not insanely crowded. Service was very quick & our waitress was friendly. $2 Miller Lites + $3 sangria. Half price apps during happy hour. I tried the Lobster Quesadilla ($5 during happy hour). Cheesy & delicious. Comes with guac on the side. I would order this again for sure. The buffalo wings were saucy & flavorful. Massive plate for $3 during happy hour. Nachos were also a fav - huge plates. 

Overall I really enjoyed this spot for what it is & what I was expecting.
Excellent hostess staff! Told us we had a wait and they came and got us when our table was ready from the next building. Waiter was awesome and very on top of things. I had the spinach salad, boyfriend had cheesesteak said it was weird (just not what he was expecting but still good). Fried crab cake sandwich looked okay. Other friend had the nachos as her meal and they looked delish! We did have to wait a while for check and for it to be processed, but overall excellent experience. I would totally go back.
Its nice to be able to get out in the age of Covid-19 to a place that feels safe - and Landmark Americana is one of those places for sure.

As expected, only outdoor seating was available. But before you could even be seated, they did a forehead temperature check on everyone to be safe. They ensured everyone remained a safe distance from each other, and the staff were all wearing protective gear. If you needed to use the bathroom inside, you could not enter without a mask, even if the building was empty. 

Beyond their satisfactory protective measures, their beer list was respectable. They were unfortunately out of a few of the options I was hoping for (that 21st Amendment IPA sounded great) but it had enough depth that plenty of great backup beers were available. 

I really enjoyed the smoked chicken tacos. I don't know what they did to the slaw topping but it was irresistible. I just wanted a bowl of that on the side!

The servers were fast, friendly, and attentive. 

Overall, I highly recommend Landmark Americana if you're around University City. You won't be disappointed.
Landmark is always a safe option- every one of my experiences have been good. 

Personally, I prefer the City Avenue location. It is much easier to find parking here.

This review comes after my 5th visit. I've gotten their nachos, fries (garlic parm & sweet potato), wings (a variety)-- and during my recent visit, the cheesesteak egg rolls which is what they are known for.
I like all equally, again- I haven't been disappointed. 

For first timers, I would recommend the nachos or wings (as they are made to share)...along with the cheesesteak egg rolls, but they are not very filling. 

Their drinks are also good. I tried their drink off of their 1/2 cocktails special. It was a Pomegranate Moscow Mule-- I enjoyed this and it did the job. 

They have daily specials during the week..!!!
It's safe to say I'll be back.
Landmark is what it is.

In my case, that's a place to grab a few drinks and bite to eat during happy hour with friends after work. Their happy hour specials were great when we went ($5 for a shot and beer combo, or just $2 for Gansett cans or Yuengling drafts). Can't complain at those prices.

Similarly, their food prices during happy hour were cheap enough to make their wings and chicken fingers taste good. Cheesesteak egg rolls were actually quite good, and the nachos were...nachos. Like I said, you should know what you're getting into at Landmark.

Perfectly acceptable after-work hangout that won't break the bank. Prost!
This place actually sucks, but it's so close to my work that I do come here occasionally. They have a decent draft menu, which is their saving grace, but I don't think I've eaten anything here that I've actually enjoyed. I've been to a few sponsored happy hours here, and despite being free, the food is so lackluster it's sad. It's hard to mess up guac and nachos, but they manage to make it pretty bland and unappealing (unmelted cheese, not a good look). Their service is always really disjointed, but that could be because I typically go with larger parties, and we are all the way in the back. This is a good place for groups, and whenever they have a live singer in the summer outside, it makes me smile when I walk by on my way home.
3.5 stars for Landmark in University City. Landmark used to be the go to spot back in my college days. Central location (right in Drexel's gym!), cheap food, and good happy hour specials.... what more could a broke college kid ask for?

My most recent visit was over Erin Express weekend - a minor detail I know, but it's probably important to note because that meant a lot of drunk college kids stumbling in at 12pm. It seemed pretty busy when we arrived. Probably busier than the average Saturday afternoon. I was with a group of 8 people and thankfully we were seated immediately. 

Unfortunately, service seemed to be lacking. For instance, we didn't get silverware until halfway being through with our appetizer. On the bright side, our food was brought out relatively quickly. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt, maybe they were overwhelmed with being so busy. My past experiences have been much better. 

We obviously had to start with an order of the chicken nachos. Trust me when I say if there is one thing you NEED to order, it's the nachos. The cheese sauce they put on them is out of this world.

I wasn't too hungry so I ordered a side of mac and cheese. Unfortunately, it wasn't as good as I remembered it. It tasted a little too sweet for my liking. I will say the portion size was decent though.

Landmark has a nice atmosphere. There is plenty of seating including some high top booths. There is a bar and there are plenty of tvs all around. It is the perfect place to eat if you're with a big group or if you want to watch a football game.
Definitely one of my top favorite places on campus as a Drexel student- I've been going here since freshman year (shoutout to their contribution to my freshman fifty). The staff is nice and the waitresses/bartenders do pay attention to you as well. Awesome crowd, young and hype keeping the place pretty alive!

They have really good deals every day (i.e. Tuesdays $3 Blue Moons, Thursdays 1/2 off well drinks, etc) and their Happy Hour is great too (discounted appetizers, $3 oak and cokes/sangaria and more). My favorite thing to get are their hot mess fries (it isn't on the menu anymore and comes with cheese, jalapenos, and bacon) and their landmark nachos (I usually get vegetarian because the meat makes it soggy). 

Whenever someone visits me, this is my go-to spot- so I'd def recommend this to anyone!
I enjoyed this place. The furniture could use an upgrade, but the food was pretty good.
And OMG, the brussel sprouts with bacon pieces and balsamic vinegar were the highlight of the meal!
Service was good.
I've been to the Landmark in West Chester many times, so I decided to give the new Philly location a try. I give the "one" star, only because of how poor the service was. My food was so-so (once I got it)...decent beers on tap, but like I said, awful service. My boyfriend and I sat there for 20 minutes until a server even approached us. She didn't know what beers were on tap, and didn't know what flavors of margherita's they had. Unacceptable! It took another 20 minutes to get our drinks, and I'd say 30 more minutes to get our food. Insane! The place wasn't even remotely busy! However, once we got our food..it was decent and we did enjoy it, although it's grossly over-priced. If you go after 11 though, I think they have some specials. I went back to give it a second chance, thinking I just got a bad server and the same thing happened. Awful, awful service. They're either understaffed, or don't know how to train their employees. Either way, I won't be back. Stay away. Go down the street to Mikey's! Much cheaper! Better service!
If you have been driving west on Market from Center City, lately, you may have noticed that Drexel has built a new recreation center on the north side of the street between 33rd and 34th. Inside of this building is a restaurant that is a chain from South Jersey. 

Finally, a decent restaurant on campus. It had to happen eventually. It is quite nice inside. There is a bar, a large dining room, and a nice waiting lounge. There is also a private dining area that could probably be cordoned off for office parties and receptions. Also, it is a nice place to be before or after Drexel plays any indoor sports.

The food was pretty good. I had a Reuben sandwich, and it was tasty and came with fries. We also ordered a lobster quesadilla for the table and that was pretty awesome, there were fairly large chunks of lobster chopped up into it. Someone else ordered the little sliders which are cool since they give you a sampling of their older brothers on that plate. She said that the black and bleu one was not all that great, but then again it didn't come with any other toppings aside from the cheese. But the menu has lots of different options.

Though I was not drinking at this lunch, the tap list looked good. There was a limited run of Dogfish Head and Chimay. They also have Duvel Green in bottles in addition to a line-up of customary bottles. There is also a long list of wines, but I am not knowledgeable enough to critique.

Also, you can totally rub elbows with the administration here: I briefly met the Interim President of Drexel, there, today.
See, when it comes to yelpin out chea in these streets, I'm on a different level than most. Most people lay on their belly in their bed, giggling like a scrawny Caucasian woman in a 90s romantic comedy while writing about their experiences in places they've been in WEEKS ago. Sad.

Nah, my G. Over here, we on hashtag F IT I'LL DO IT LIVE. Today, August 29th, 2017 A.D. , at 9:41PM, I'm in this B#^*#, with five sweet and spicy chicken tenders and a three dollar blue moon with an orange that I always forget to tell the B-tenders to omit. 

Sitting next to a chick with a orange slice on the side of your glass is not very masculine, so I'm feeling very invisible and undesirable right now. For a man, even having an orange in your alcoholic beverage on the beach is pushing it. Those little miniature umbrellas are cool, however.

Landmark bartenders(and bartenders in general) , here's a circa 1995 GAMEPRO style PROTIP : Ask THE MAN if he wants a fruit in his wheat beer. 

Drinking beer with a fruit in it makes me CRAVE whey protein and some SIK PUMPS in the temple of Brodin.  If only I wasn't already an innately skinny fit son of a btch with origins from the glorious lands of Africa. 

I digress.

I've been around the world more than that filthy street rat Aladdin and I've NEVER been in a bar where cell phone service is straight up GARBAGE. 

Seriously, I feel like I'm trying to download pron on Compuserve and ish to like a thot's photo on the gram. I'm on Corporate America fully paid for, ultimate warrior level of exuberance phone service, dammit. This is 2017, you feel me? I'm feelin sluggish.

When I'm outside of here, my conversations be A) straight flames and B) ahead of the god damn present time.

You can't text the hoes you act like you're in a relationship with but you're really not. You can't Google how fykkin magnets work. You can't refresh your Facebook page to see if anyone liked your witty Facebook status that you secretly jacked from someone else. 

The hell. And to make matters worse (this is the single man's review btw) where the dimes at? All I see are a bunch of buddy holly or rivers cuomo circa maladroit  lookalikes talking about isosceles triangles and shortcuts to work in this jawn while eating tacos with carrots in it. 

Come on, son. Like your father, I am disappoint.


Landmark is a beautiful place, though. Can house a bunch of people. Spacious. Food is scrumptious. Booze not that expensive. No cover charge. No cavity search. You know what? This is a spot you bring a date that's not quite ready for that good venue, but not about the hood bar where you can get five people drunk for ten bucks.

That average ass medium. Hence three stars.

Yes indeed, family. This is YET another case of a Philadelphia bar when before opening... owners be like : 1. We got booze? check. 2. we got edible food? Chairs? Check and check. What about an identity?

tumbleweed.GIF travoltalookaround.GIF 

In other words, There's no draw to this place.

I'm out of here though. That's my time, yall.

My phone is on 20% and they're playing heavy by Linkin Park, which is very fitting.

HOLDING OOONNNNNNHOHNONNNNNNN

WHY IS EVERYTHING SO HEAVY?
I've been here a handful of times now, always for Taco Tuesday happy hour. $2 tacos with a variety of choices for fillings (ahi tuna, short rib, etc. in addition to the standard chicken or carnitas), $3 blue moon pints, and a bunch of other bar fare snacks. Convenient location right in front of the MFL and trolley stops, and the space is large enough that I never feel surrounded by undergrads even though it's right next to Drexel and Penn. Good service, good food, good prices.
I stopped in here last night for drinks prior to a movie and got some standard bar fare. I got the guacamole and sweet potato fries.  They were pretty decent.  Had a class of the house Riesling and my date got some Cabernet.   Not too special, just some cheapish house wine. The atmosphere was odd. Almost an entirely black crowd that was almost like a party--last night was a late Sunday night before a movie. I couldn't think of any reason why there would be something going on that night. In any case, I was ok with it, as we were only there for about half an hour before a movie.  If I was there for a full meal I would probably have not been too happy with the noise level. The bartender was not particularly attentive and it took awhile for our food to come out. I had to box the food as we were going to be late for the movie and a dramatic increase in attentiveness from the bartender happened just about as I was going to sign the check and decide the tip amount. It happens. 

Overall, pretty standard food and prices were pretty normal. Nothing too crazy here but it was nice how late the kitchen was open. (at least until 1030 on Sunday night).
So-so food, but the service is so bad, it ruins the meal.  

Others have said that the crab fondue is good, which it was the one night I went there - but the bread it's served with is a cut-up hoagie roll, nowhere near a baguette!  What, they run over to WaWa when someone orders it?  Even an Amoroso's roll would be better.

Worse was the service.  We ordered drinks and apps, and said we wanted to look over the menu more.  Waitress brought the drinks after about 10 minutes (for beer, when they weren't busy?), so we gave her our entree orders.

Another 10 minutes goes by, and she brings out the apps.  Okay, maybe the kitchen is just getting going for the night, because it was at the start of the dinner hour.  But as she puts down the apps, she says, "And your entrees are ready, too.  I'll be right back with them."  WHAT?  We said no, we didn't want them all at once, and there wasn't room on the table for everything at once anyway.  So she "held" the entrees.  Didn't re-make them, HELD them under a heat lamp.  Doesn't do anything good for chicken (which came out dry and leathery), and melted the grated cheese that was supposed to be part of the carne asada fajitas.  Asked for ketchup for the fries when the entrees were delivered, and it took another 15+ minutes for that to arrive.  Did they have to go to WaWa for that, too?

And BE WARNED:  They automatically at EIGHTEEN PERCENT gratuity for any bill over $100.  Two people, with app, entree, dessert and 2 drinks each could probably hit that.  Three of us hit it easily.  And there was NO WAY she was getting 18% for that service.  Gee, it's like they know that, isn't it?

And don't let them fool  you with the "We had a mix-up over whose table it was".  I heard them try that with another table, who replied, no, the waitress greeted them and took drinks orders, THEN ignored them for 20+ minutes without bringing 2 beers.  They had asked the manager where their waitress was because he passed by the table, but she didn't.  They left.
One of the worst places I've ever been to in Philly.  They have terrible service, so-so food, and watered down drinks.  The only reason they do well is lack of competition.  The last time I went there I reminded myself that I'm never going there again.
This place is always packed! I don't think I would ever walk in without a reservation. It is pretty big inside and roomy. The margaritas on special were small but for the price made sense (2.50). The food was also good too. Me and my friends got pork nachos to split. I would recommend splitting them between two people. We also ordered the crab fries which were really good and in my opinion were pretty similar to chicky and Petes. Overall good food and good drink specials. It also seems like they have a lot going on during the week (quizzo, karaoke, etc). So I would definitely check them out in the future for a fun week night out!
I would give this place a 3.5 but I'll be generous... I've been here twice all within three days! 1. dining days 2. monday night for music bingo!!!

the place is quite nice, lovely to be exact... there is also outdoor seating and an outdoor bar! the seating however is not pleasant when it's humid or hot outside... it's quite nice at night though!

the portions are very large like everyone has said! the entrees are nice portions but the appetizers and desserts are very, and i mean very large! it's not as expensive as I would assume since it is on Drexel's campus... their specials are really good and def. worth it.

their staff is the only reason why it would get a lower grade. i had to tell the server she was wrong and what the special was for the night.. she went back to her little computer to check if i was right came back giggled, tilted her head and gave me an excuse why she didnt know the special... uhm, no i shouldnt do your job lady. and the fact that she was rude because my friend and i had water wasn't very helpful. she kept coming back to our table making sure we weren't going to order alcohol. jeez louise!
I guess this place manages to survive as a college bar.  If you want a restaurant, avoid at all costs.  Many places to go within a block, that have infinitely better food and service.  This place was great years ago when it first opened, but it's been steadily going downhill as an eatery. Of late it's hit bottom.  I work on the area, so our dining choices are limited to walking distance.

Stopped by for lunch last week. The hostess station was unmanned.  We stood there for almost five minutes, joking with another party who was waiting.  Eventually two staffers came racing up, one asking other if anyone knew that the hostess had not shown up that day.

Since we knew this place has been on a downward spiral for food quality, I went for "foolproof".  I ordered a burger and fries.  My friends got soup and salad.  We sat and waited 45 minutes before the order hit the table.  The room is 3/4 empty of patrons.

The server who took our order had a trainee.  The server got the trainee's name wrong.  The trainee politely corrected the pronunciation, and the server ignored her.

  About 35 minutes into the wait, the substitute hostess seated another party next to us.  The server and her trainee quickly slid in sideways with their backs to us in order to take their order, so we could not flag them to inquire about the order.

 When the meals finally arrived ( they are brought out by different people ), the delivery guy misidentified my friend's seafood bisque as a fondue.  When asked, he told my friend "Well, they all look the same".

The sweet potato fries were absolutely stone cold, no exaggeration. The roll was stale. When I'd ordered, I'd asked for a small cup of mayo on the side.  it never arrived.  No ketchup on the table.

After we were all done eating, the original server showed up to check on us.  She sheepishly asked if everything was okay.  I was polite, but I told her that we'd waited 45 minutes for a burger and fries, the fries were cold, and the mayo side that I'd asked for never happened.  She said she was sorry.

Now, in a real establishment, the manager would come over to speak with a diner about a complaint. Not here.  The sweet potato fires are a $1.50 upcharge.  A common civil tactic would have been to at least knock that off the bill. Not here. 

The place really has an air of quiet desperation; where anyone who was at all capable or empowered has long since left.  Hopefully someday the owner(s) will take renewed interest in the establishment, and put some financing and effort back into it.
Service and food are totally sub par. Our waitress forgot our beers and brought them out after our appetizer of grocery store tortilla chips and guacamole. The ahi tuna burger was gross - it honestly reminded me if cat food.
This is a very average establishment. The best thing they have to offer is their fries. I've tried a few different flavors and they all have been very good. Now food? Uhhh imma have to pass. The wings are ok, I used to like their cheesesteak rolls but something changed, and never order the garlic Parmesan wings are not what you would expect. They were wings covered in garlic gravy. I have never had anything like it and not in a good thing. Garlic parm is usually garlic and Parmesan cheese not a gravy. BUT their sangrias are my faveeeee. Go during happy hour and you shall pay only $3, buy a bunch and you'll be very happy. All in all, go for fries and sangrias.
The location is extremely convenient for students and for people who work in University City.  That being said, I've been there several times (for the sake of convenience) and have never experienced good service.  I was giving them a chance because they were new and was even looking into planning a company event for 100+ people there.  Unfortunately, recently one of my colleagues received extremely poor treatment.  We have decided to hold our celebration elsewhere and I will not be back to this establishment.
Great salmon BLT! I liked the atmosphere and the drinks were pretty good as well. I will definitely be back.
Almost by default, Landmark Americana will succeed. Believe me, it is not because the slightly above average bar, or mediocre happy hour. Definitely not for its tolerable bar food. It's proximity to Drexel will all but guarantee its continued success.

College students want access to a bar that has plenty on draft, is close enough to stumble home from and/or is large enough to accommodate any student group. Build it and they will come.
I've only tried their brunch, but it is so worth the 50% off on Sundays for Drexel and Penn students!! Generous portions and good food. I'll definitely be back to try their happy hour and drink specials. The deals look good!
Service was subpar at best. Food was good but could of been better. That basically describes everything at this establishment.. "could of been better".  The fact that this LAZY employee outside in the patio area did not even have the decency to show us to our seats says it all... "It's self serve". Much better ways to say it. The waiter was inattentive, coming ever 30 mins if we got lucky. Honestly they should not have added gratuity to the bill as he did not earn it in my eyes. Will not come back for a long time. Stay away from this location folks.
I went there with a LivingSocial coupon, but I'd never be back unless it was free; there's too much other good dining in the area. I got macaroni & cheese, wings, and "shepherd's pie," which I put in quotes because it was nothing like a shepherd's pie I've had anywhere else. It was more like canned beef stew in an overseasoned gravy, topped with gluey and equally overseasoned potato squish. I couldn't stand more than a couple bites of it. The wings were only marginally better; I am surprised at all the good reviews! They were plentiful, I'll give them that, but the sauce was essentially ketchup with a tiny bit of crushed chilis mixed in. UGH. 

The only thing there that was any good was the mac. Rich, creamy sauce and bacon made this something you can probably only eat a few times a year else risk heart-attack, but I won't lie -- it's damn tasty. That's the only thing that saved this joint from being 1-star. 

The service was nothing special, and it is VERY loud during happy hour (which I expected, but you should still be aware of if you're planning to go).
This place is relatively new, so I'm willing to give it another chance. Even more than one other chance. But I will say that I didn't detect much seafood in my bowl of seafood bisque today.

Truthfully, I don't care *that* much, because it's still creamy delicious soup. But more seafood would definitely have been better. The bowl cost me 5.99. I would have rather paid, say, 7.99, if that would have gotten me more seafood.

I'd like to add, though, that they did have what appeared to be an extensive menu of very attractive dishes. I'm on a diet at the moment, which is why I had the soup.

Oh, and the place is definitely very cool on the inside. Just the way this place looks on the inside is enough to recommend it. They've got one of the longest bars I've ever seen. Very cool. I'll go again at some point.
Unprofessional environment and employees. I came here with 5 friends at 9 pm on a Wednesday evening (a friend called ahead and was told the kitchen closed at 12). When we arrived we put our name down and was told it was a 30 min wait, which was no problem. After waiting for 30 minutes, we told the homestead and she informed us we would have to show our IDS and be 21 to get in. As none of us had or IDS because we all came from a yoga class, we were confused as to this, and why they didn't tell us in the first place, and wasted 30 mins of our time. The hostess didn't seem to care of this and simply told us we would be served food. Needs to work on customer service and basic competence.
The food is so good for it to be a chain, it's clean and I like the ambiance of it because it's kind of intimate like a lounge and the outside fire pit is pretty cool! I haven't had any of their drinks but I haven't heard to much good things about them but hey the food makes up for it! Lol
For our first time at any Landmark Americana, the atmosphere seemed okay, until we were lead to our table and our feet started sticking to the floor -- REALLY sticking to the floor.  We asked to be moved, but to no avail the sticky stuff was throughout the area.  NOT classy.  

I ordered the Sesame crusted Ahi Tuna salad seared rare - as per the menu.  When the salad arrived my immediate thought was that it was very small for the price, $13.99; not a dinner size salad by any means.  Next the greens were past prime.  The leaves had darker softer edges and had many creases -- those puppies were scraped form the bottom of the barrel.  

Now the kicker.  The tuna was clearly microwaved.  Yes.  Really!  At some time in the past the tuna had been seared but not recently.  It was rubbery, nearly well done (just a touch of pink left), and had very little flavor.

finally, the roll that came with the salad can only be described as nearly a crouton on the outside and soft on the inside (possibly and attempt to bring it back to life under a broiler).

There are too many other eateries near-by to bother walking into the Landmark Americana.  If you do, be sure you clean the soles of your shoes on the way out.
had a drink, passed on the intended dinner though. 

the menu looks like crap, the outdoor seating feels like you are in the intersection rather than thirty feet back from it, etc. 


if you live or work within a hundred feet it might be an acceptable spot, but otherwise avoid it.
The food here is overpriced for what it is. Don't order a salad...any salad! it's never fresh and all they give you is the stalk of the lettuce. Gross. Also, ahi tuna sandwich is NOT good. It was sent back, that's how disgusted we were. 
I will admit that the nachos are good and I tasted the chicken fingers which were pretty good. But how could you really mess those two things up? Fast food places do it! 
The worst part is that it takes forever to get your food!! idk, nothing about this place really appeals to me other than the fact that its a pretty nice looking restaurant so close by.
Came here on a Saturday night around 7:30 pm. The hostess said there would be a 25-minute wait despite there being a number of available booths and tables. We decided to sit at the bar and were quickly greeted and given menus. We each ordered the sampler which included a chicken quesadilla, three chicken tenders, and Old Bay fries. They ran out of mango, so Mango Madness wasn't an option. Instead a Mexican Mule and Bahamian Breeze were ordered. The drinks came out quickly, however they were not impressive. After 30 minutes, I asked the bartender about an update on the food and she replied that the kitchen was very backed up due to large parties. How long does it take to cook any of the items in the sampler? 10-15 tops with prep and plating. Well it wasn't until 45 minutes after we ordered that we finally received our food. Once again unimpressive. The Old Bay fries were heavily seasoned, the quesadilla was limp and lacking flavor, the chicken tenders were standard and nothing to write home about. Overall I was quite disappointed by this experience. Cute location but the kitchen really needs to work better at getting food out on time. I don't know what would happen if the place was actually packed to capacity. Don't intend to find out either.
I highly recommend the Landmark's Thai Noodle Salad: it's a huge pile of arugula with avocado, orange, peanuts, bits of fresh mint leaf, a few noodles and a yummy dressing.  Seriously the best salad I've had in a bar in a long, long time.

I can also say fish and chips are worth eating.  The portion was small but excellent: four pieces of flaky white fish perfectly fried, accompanied by a generous pile of spicy and (very) salty fries.  Tasty!

The outdoor patio was beautiful on a hot day, very pleasant under the umbrellas, but the street noise is kinda overwhelming.  

Service here was very friendly but the kitchen was awfully slow to crank out the lunch order.  

Didn't get to try any beers, alas.  Was a just a short visit so this review is short too :)
If you're a twentysomething going on half-price app night and are happy with the drink specials, it's a great choice.  Or so my kids tell me, anyway.  

I have been there four times.  Unfortunately, I'll be going back because it's near my in-laws' assisted living residence and it's a great place for people with mobility issues -- street parking, ramp, and a spacious building with lots of seating.  

The food is the dictionary definition of mediocre, and it's not cheap.  For example: a huge plate of nachos includes half of the chips drenched in cheese whiz (yuck), the other half dry, and some tasteless dark meat chicken.  [If you're paying half-price and drinking, maybe that's fine.  I wasn't doing either.]

Another example: a small piece of salmon came with a few greasy potatoes and three almost-uncooked asparagus that would have dulled my chain saw (my father-in-law was unable to cut them with his knife).  

My grilled chicken Caesar salad came with the aforementioned dark meat chicken, too -- but was otherwise good.  [I skipped the dressing.]

Service is usually friendly and polite, and otherwise unremarkable.  On our last visit, the waitress was above-average on the friendly and polite scale, and so earned a 20% tip because that's the most important characteristic of a server for me.  But, she was also the worst server we have ever had there.  I hate it when the server doesn't write things down and then messes things up (three errors).  If you really want to impress me, get my order 100% right -- even if you have to put a Post-it on the tip of your nose.  I assign points on results, not method.  My memory isn't good enough to get that kind of task right, either.  I'd be jotting notes on the back of my hands.  

Seating tip: don't sit on the small quiet side.  The servers will visit less frequently, it's a little cramped, and the faux booth seats are super-uncomfortable.  You either want a real booth on the other side or a regular table & chairs.
Great happy hour specials: sangria for $3.50, half price appetizers, nice outdoor atmosphere. The serving of nachos is awesome and delicious. One of my favorite university city spots for the chill atmosphere and good specials.
As much as I want to rate Landmark a little bit higher due to the memories I've had here, I just can't bring myself to do it. I've had many a good night here with friends during college, but once leaving Drexel I find myself avoiding coming back with all my being.

First let's start with the drinks/bar portion of Landmark. During happy hour the drink prices are pretty decent, however most of the time the mixed drinks are mostly mixer, the shots tiny, and the beers watered down or warm. For a college student at Drexel this is really the closest bar that isn't a dive and sells food, so it works, but once you begin to realize just how much better off you'd be taking the extra 15-20 minutes to walk somewhere else you'll quickly lose interest in stopping by. Also, be warned, you have a 50-50 shot of actually getting the drink you ordered, Landmark is notorious for screwing up drink orders, even if it's just one beer.

The food is solid, nothing exceptional but definitely not bad, and during happy hour and late night you can score some pretty solid deals which is always good when you're on a tight budget. My personal favorite menu item is the grilled chicken nachos (half price during both happy hour and late night) which are both tasty and plentiful, so plentiful in fact that my fiancee and I usually have trouble finishing them between the two of us. I've also had the burger and fries here (mediocre), crab fondue (way too rich, obviously pre-frozen), chicken quesadilla (pretty good), smokehouse ribs (bad), and cheese steak (how are you located in Philly and not know how to make a cheese steak?!).

The decor and atmosphere is pretty good, however the servers are hit or miss and a lot of the time they will go out of their way to avoid tables that aren't getting alcohol. Quizzo here can be a fun time, as can Phillies games, but trust me when I say that during both Quizzo and the games the place will be wall to wall packed with rowdy drunk college kids.

All in all Landmark Americana University City is not a bad place, but it really isn't a stand out place neither. Give it a shot, it may be more your cup of tea than it is mine, but if you have an extra 20 minutes to spare consider trying New Deck Tavern or somewhere else in the area, it's probably a safer bet.
Although my watch and the meter I just paid clearly showed it was before 7pm, the bartender told me "their" register time was after 7pm so they would not honor any happy hour specials for me ( he supposedly checked with the manager as well). Also another bartender charged me $5 for the $3.50 sangria, or maybe she just TOOK her tip...Uugh I hate this place...that was my first and last time visiting this place. Their customer service SUCKS!
Solid option for happy hour with lots of specials and a good variety; especially for beer drinkers.  I usally get the sangria which is meh, but for $3 it does the job.

More of a hangout spot for groups and/or watching the game, but I wouldn't suggest it for date night considering the noise level. Though I have seen plenty of couples. Its a nice, mixed demographic of patrons, but the overwhelming majority I would say is undergrads.

The food could be a bit more consistent, but when it's good it's good.  Not much else to say about it, except it's a nice large space and a nice casual option for the UCity area.
I really wish this place wasn't as terrible as it is. I went there today for lunch with some co-workers since it's literally across the street from my job. Our waitress was nice enough, but didn't really listen too well and seemed a little confused by the world. I felt that she'd stop by while we were in the middle of a bite or a conversation and ask how things were. Now, I'm all for concerned service, but if you ask me if everything is okay and I tell you that I could use more water, and then you completely ignore me, it starts to seem like you don't really understand the job.  
We started off with Hot Mess fries, with black beans, chipotle cheese sauce and jalapenos. The fries were pretty awful, but the cheese sauce was decent. The jalapenos weren't fresh, which made me sad. 
I got a crabcake sandwich, which wasn't to my taste. They went a little heavy on the old bay or something, but it just wasn't pleasing to me. 
My coworkers ordered the ahi tuna salad which was beautifully presented, but the word on the street was that while it was pretty to look at, it was also pretty terrible.
I'm almost tempted to give them another star just because they have a cute outside bar area, but I wasn't there so I can't say whether it's worth it. I'd probably go back to grab a beer, but with all the decent food in Philly, it seems stupid to ever eat here again.
Don't remember the name of the server we had but she was pretty nice. She came back to check on us a few times and didn't forget bc they seated us at the very last table in the back of the restaurant. 

We came on a Monday for karaoke night and it wasn't that crowded. Margaritas are $2.50 so you can't beat that. Quesadillas are discounted. By the time we left, a little after 9:30, the karaoke didn't seem to catch on with the crowd but there were a few groups of people there that made it seem like this place was a good spot to stop in and grab food, enjoy the drink specials and/watch whatever game is on bc there are several tv's all around the bar. 

It's not too far so I would pass by again if in the area.
It's definitely not my go to place but ... The happy hour specials are great for sharing but the sweet and spice wings are worth getting your own. If you must cheat on your diet you must try the dessert bites. It's 3 little squares of fried chocolate brownie and 3 little squares of bananas foster plus a nice sized scoop of French vanilla ice cream. They'll give you extra spoons if you don't want to cheat alone :)
So I have a very empirical, scientific test for determining the deliciousness quotient of a restaurant. It goes like this: when I'm presented with a superhuman portion at said restaurant (n.b. this test only works at places with large-ish portions), I say to myself, "only eat half of this so as to avoid a potential food coma"; should I be unable to exhibit sufficient self-control and proceed to devour the entire portion, thus inducing aforementioned coma, the food is, in fact, delicious. LA passed the test. 

On the advice of regular of the restaurant, a veritable Landmark connoisseur, I decided to try the prime rib sandwich. It was: 1) monstrous, and 2) delicious (as proven by the above formula). 

The experience was very good all around -- from the service through the prices -- and I would definitely stop by again.
I went there again and this time, I sat outside and went to the outside bar. My friend ordered a white sangria & thought it tasted like club soda. She went to the bar to complain about it and apparently it's not really a sangria. It's a "sangria spritzer". The bartender said it was half sangria, half water.

What? False advertisement much?

I went for the $3 blue moon special & the beer I got wasn't cold. I went up to the bar and ordered another later on and halfway filling up a cup, the tap ran out. It was at least 10-15 minutes before it worked again and the bartender added to that original cup and GAVE it to someone. Maybe that's why my first beer wasn't cold? 

I can only give stars for the outdoor seating. It was beautiful out when I went so it was really relaxing sitting around the fire pit (although it wasn't lit).
My take on the place-been here three times

Buffalo wings-ordered mild and medium-neither is a buffalo wing-they both have some type of bbq sauce (tomato, sugar versus pepper, vinegar based) which is disappointing although the wings are fresh (no dark shriviled bones) and decent size

Chili-ok-again not horrible but not great, just average

Grilled cheese sandwich-pretty good-not greasy, what you'd expect

Tomato soup-too acidic

Pizza-not bad-you won't rant and rave about it but it is edible

All in all basic sports bar food-you want different or better-go somewhere else

The place doesn't pretend to be something it isn't

Very Good beer selection-they have actually heard of a craft beer

If you sit at the bar- the bartenders are very attentive and friendly

My waitress at my table was fine-she was inexperienced, forgetful but friendly- Because I knew this wasn't her career job I cut her a break

Place is clean, great slection of  tvs, bartenders are friendly

I like the set up, location and tv's

If food was slightly better-would be a home run 

I can always tell when managers and employees don't care and place is about to close; they still care here although the next time I get a hello will be my first but that's minor

Good crowd for the Eagles game-just rowdy enough to show interest without concern for violence

Prices reasonable

I'll go back again
I've been here a few times and never seem to write a review. 

The hostess seem lost and overwhelmed the guest have to remind then who is who and who's next. 

I order the same thing every time and it never disappoints: the Salmon BLT (without any bacon or wasabi sauce). Best Salmon burger I have ever had. It comes with a side of fries not a fan of sweet potato and the Old Bay can be a little salty, you can't go wrong with the regular Landmark fries.  

The ambiance is pretty dope. I could do without the high top tables much rather just sit at a booth for the privacy. 

You cannot go wrong with the $4 Vodka cocktails on Friday nights for someone who doesn't drink like myself, not strong at all. 

I have always received nothing less than great service with all of my visits. Sucks they don't have better reviews don't think many factor in that it is bar on a college campus
The wings are money! And $2.5 for a brew on a Sunday not bad at all. Don't really care for the fries, a touch too salty. Good atmosphere though.
Showed up here midweek after a 76ers game, so it was about 9:30-ish. The tone for the entire evening (and my subsequent rating) was sullied by the first two minutes. We walked in, stood awkwardly at the vacant hostess stand, and were not greeted by anyone. i motioned to the bartender and asked if it was OK to just seat ourselves. She said yes. We found a table for two, and then proceeded to have each server, hostess and other staff member look at us like we just held up the 7-11 around the corner. Some assistant manager (I'll give him the benefit of the doubt by calling him that) sauntered over and said "Do you want a table?". Well, we're sitting at one, so that's an odd question. I replied that I asked the bartender and she said sit anywhere. A scowl crossed his face and he abruptly left, most likely to ream out said bartender. Several minutes passed, and he returned, only to throw two menus down at us. 

The rest of the evening was uneventful (as it should be). The food was standard sports bar fare, nothing to crow about, but it was those first few minutes that earned this place its rightful rating.
Never going back. Not sure why it's called a sports bar. We went in the middle of the day with maybe 10 people in the place to watch Brazil vs. Cameroon World Cup game and they refused turn on the volume! Instead the had some crappy 80s music. 

When we asked why they told us they would only turn the volume on for US games...really. Being American, I'm all about patriotism but come on, it's the WORLD cup. 

We ended up just going down the block to New Deck tavern where they already had the volume on and the atmosphere was 10x better for sporting events anyway.
