Larry's Steak's is among some of the top Cheesesteak spots in the City and had been in this neighborhood for over 20 years.  My usual orders consist of: cheesesteaks; pizza or wings that I would get for parties or girl's night because portions are large and a crowd pleaser! 

This review is based on take-out/delivery during COVID-19.  I ordered a small BBQ Chicken Pizza and small Stromboli -that Stromboli was huge..I have never tried the large because I would never finish it..lol 

The quality of food and the standards the I usually expect from Larry's was on point with this order!
It's been a good minute since I've had Larry's  Steaks , I mean a GOOD minute. The last time I had Larry's there wasn't any flat screen TV's hanging on the walls, the seating area was mediocre at best. The last time I was here is when "The Muddy Duck" was still around. A well known St. Joes dive bar at the time that used to be a staple for the university's finest. What didn't change was their cheesesteaks, all the other cosmetics is fine and dandy, but their sammy stayed true.

Larry's is a landmark in these parts that has been around for decades, and by the looks of it Larry's is not going anywhere. Who is their nearest competition when it comes to a great steak? That's right, nobody, not a single joint that I can think of that is even close in this area.  

Their cheesesteaks are simply bangin. Greasy as all hell, but still bangin! They do chop it up a little too much I believe, but it still works for them.  Normally when a joint chops it up, it takes away that flavor where it is bland and they try to cover it up with globs of cheese.

I haven't had anything else off of their menu, because basically I know what works here and it is their cheesesteaks. I leave it up to you if you feel the need to venture off into something new. 

Go in and order yourself an American wit, with hot peppers. (if you want to add some heat to it)  I think you'll be satisfied, along with your belly being full.
I went to Larry's again this past weekend for the first time in a couple of years and I was really turned off. Gripes are as follows:

1. Where are the drink options? It's 2010 get a fountain already... 80 cent cans of soda or $1.50 for orange/apple juice. I can't look the other way on this because Larry's is DINE-IN or takeout. A can is cool with a slice otherwise it's uncivilized for a sit down spot. A can is for sitting on the front steps of your house.

2. $6.45 for a cheesesteak? The meat was SPARSE! I had a bald spot at the end of my roll. WTF? Some places have the decency to cut the bald spot off as to not offend anyone. It's like damn am I not good enough to have the steak cross my whole roll? You're gonna do me like that? The fries were great nice and crispy, but also SPARSE for the price ($2.50 I think?).

3. Flies... no matter what time of year I go this place has flies (guarding the pickles, peppers, and ketchup). Are they imported? Where do you even get a fly when it's 30 degrees out? I don't trip over a fruit fly or 2, but these were the real deal. The 1st time I came here to dine-in this fly would NOT let me be. I think we got reacquainted this past Saturday.

4. Given how busy the place was and how many people were coming and going they should have been more diligent about keeping the floor, tables, and utensil area clean. When I came in I had to wipe my own table... (last one available) no problem. When I left half tables were freed up, but they all needed wiping. A line has to be drawn somewhere. A cloth has to be whipped out sometime.

Overall, I spent like $12 for a steak with no bells and whistles, fries, and a drink. I know they have money over at St. Joes but C'MON. If I ever go back, I'm gonna stick to the slices (plain mind you...) and grab a drink @7-11 around the corner.

And I apologize if I missed the fine print for a steak and fry combo. It would make me feel better somehow knowing this was my fault.
My friend ordered chicken fingers, and they were completely raw inside, not just a little pink, absolutely raw. We went back and they refunded her but gave no apologies. They didn't even look at it. This is a major health Risk and not okay. They showed no signs of caring at all. Also my cheesesteak was bland and had barely any cheese.
This will be my final update on Larry's. Found out that the chicken cheesesteak I ate gave me E.Coli food poisoning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  My fiance' was also sick.  I'm not sure if it was just a bad day for them or not, but I thought I should let everyone know. Larry's is obviously doing SOMETHING wrong! I will spare you the details on what I had to do to find out what was wrong with me from my doctor.  I have never been this sick before from something I ate.
Overrated, the steak was eh. I didn't try their hoagie but who wants a hoagie wrapped in plastic like you're getting it from 7eleven? This place was disappointing...
I really, really, really HATE this place. I had stopped patronizing larry's for a really long time due to slow and rude customer service but I recently decided to stop in for a late night pizza because everything else was closed. I called ahead to place my order and was told it would be 25-30 mins. okay, fine. I didn't even leave my house until 30 mins later. it took me maybe 3 mins to get there. I walk in and tell the cashier my pickup number and she tells me they hadnt even started my pizza yet. poor service. idk wtf happened to larry's. they used to be an iconic neighborhood spot. now theyre just trash. 

do not patronize larry's steaks unless you like slow, rude service. thumbs all the way down.
Well..  this review is hard for me. It's like a beautiful marriage gone terribly wrong. I placed an order on the online app they advertise for you to use. I was given a time for pickup. I showed up about 15 minutes later than scheduled to give time to have it ready. 
 Here is were the cheesesteak place I have been patronizing for over a decade and I always promote them when people ask where to get a good sandwich from, showed me exactly how much they care about their customers. 

I walk in I'm not greeted. The lady at the register acted as if she didn't see me.. meanwhile her co worker continues to write on a note pad. When the lady at the register finally acknowledged me I say "good morning" and I tell her I have a pick up order. 
I give her the name she goes we didn't take your name. I explained the app takes the name. So after several exchanges of you don't have an order I show them the receipt. 

She still denies it but, the young lady working with her asked to look at my receipt. I show her. They will now begin to make my order, however they have to manually take the order. I give the younger lady my phone she wrote down the order. I do notify them I had a flight to catch and I put the order in early so I could head straight to the airport after I leave(as I always do).
I asked for it to be packed to travel.. they used to be really good at doing this. Trust I know, I take cheesesteaks home to Tennessee every-time I come to Philly.  This time They didn't bother. They barely wrapped them. The one piece of aluminum foil they wrapped around my sandwich unraveled. So now the cheesesteaks are all inside the bag they threw it. 
Wow Larry's this is what we are doing now...... 
I won't be returning. I don't care how much my father loves this place... 
Never an apology for the mishap. But, what could I expect when the lady at the register isn't even friendly.
It's a shame how horrible this place has become, the tall cook maybe Arabian young man has a horrible horrible attitude and nasty deposition... Today I decided I won't be returning ever again...
Downscale cheesesteak spot near St. Joe's University.  Very good cheesesteak. Soft bread, came out piping hot, chopped up cheesesteak. Very greasy though.
What people say about the service is true. You can't have people like this interfacing with potential customers. It's like I'm somehow burdening you by contacting you for business. This is a huge detriment to the store that will eventually cause it to close. Whatever girl is answering your phones on Thursday nights 9:30pm 3/11/21 is costing you everything. She's single handedly driving your business into the ground.
I don't have much to say about this place other than it's legit. I only cheesesteaks from 3 places in Philly and this is one of them. 

My family has been coming here since I was a kid and the place never fails. Over the years they have always had good service and great Philly cheesesteaks. Don't waste your time at Pat's or Gino's. They suck and are basically the fast food of Philly cheesesteaks. #Gross 

Check this place out and thank me later. :-)
The steaks are ok/eh. I really wouldn't brag about them. Living in center city, I've had all of the "real" cheesesteaks, so I wouldn't place Larry's on a list with them.

Their business survives solely on the hungry student population, I'm guessing, because their service is non-existant: the man at the ordering counter is rude rude rude.
Just last time we went in, it was a sunday evening, at 8:10PM. We stood around for about 5 minutes & nobody acknowledged us. Then suddenly, a little grumpy man popped up to the counter, hit his hands down and said "Alright order now before we close!"  We asked when they close, and he replied, "In an hour."  So I don't cook cheesesteaks much, but I'm fairly sure it doesn't take an hour to make 2 cheesesteaks. We told him we'd rather go to south philly, and walked right out.

Won't be going back to Larry's anymore. I see no reason to patronize a business that takes their customers for granted.
Larry's steaks are very good. The steak is not too thick, seasoned well, and full of juicy flavor. They sweet peppers are fresh and the best ones I've had out of any cheesesteak spot I'm a cheese whiz fan however, they are not that generous with the whiz. 

I also ordered cheese fries and it was not what I expected. The fries and cheese were delicious. But, they literally put a little scoop of cheese on one part of the fries. Was not worth my money they could've done better with that. Also, the customer service is not the best here. Expect to wait a long time with no real organization or line as people just walk up to one window and shout their orders out :/ other than that Larry's Steaks are the best in my opinion and I will be back.
So incredibly bland! The chicken cheesesteak required endless amounts of salt and pepper to resemble anything like flavor. The cheese was gross. The sandwich was not expensive, per se, but would have been more appropriately priced at 50% less. Larry's, much like its surrounding population, leaves much to be desired.
This place is gross! While in line ordering my uncle happened to notice flies on the pizzas in their case. They moved the pizzas but didn't dispose of them. None of our sandwiches had the proper toppings we asked for, but they gave us hair. I could get better service and food from a corner store.
We wanted a good Philly Cheesesteak.  A family member reccomended this place near Saint Joseph's University off City Line area. There are outdoor covered picnic benches for those who want to eat outside.  Outdoor door sign require customers to wear a mask. Once inside NONE of the workers ARE WEARING masks. I ordered the largest Philly steak, the belly filler.  My steak included the following,  American & provolone cheese ( extra charge), fried onions & pickles. My steak was piping hot so I had to let it cool down. .. complete this review later. Ok, after a few hours later the steak is STILL WARM enough to eat.  No aluminum foil to keep warm. Omg!!! I just dove It. Phenomenal cheese steak
 It's alot  of meat.  Cooked exactly as I ordered.  I have to cut a half of steak in sections. I WILL be devouring this steak sandwich for the next two days. Dang, I wished I lived back in Phily. Customer service is needs some improvement but this cheesesteak is EVERYTHING .
On this same day, my friends and I tried out Larry's, Pat's, Geno's, and Dalessandro's as a little cheesesteak ranking experiment and Larry's was unanimously at the top of the list!

The taste and overall eating experience was delightful! So much flavor! These cheesesteaks give you that feel-good sensation after eating them.

Whenever I'm in Philly, Larry's is my spot for the best cheesesteak!
When I decided that St. Joseph's wasn't the university for me and I was going to leave the area, I knew really the only thing I would miss were the friends that I made (obviously) and cheesesteaks from Larry's.  Being that it was just across the street from campus, it was the easiest dinner one could find if they missed dinner in the dining hall.

I think I gained much of the beginning of my "freshman 15" because of Larry's!  Popular among many SJU students, you will find a younger crowd usually occupying the tables chowing down or waiting for their order to be done.  The cheesesteaks are big for the price that they charge and they are always stuffed!

You can't find cheesesteaks like that anywhere but Philly!
(Location) wise perfect for saint Joe's students or anyone traveling to west Philly.  
(Food quality)  def don't do it order a cheesesteak  but tasted like  a sandwich from subway.  If that's ur twist than more power 2 you but def not mines. 
Overall not worth the time and money rather spend my 9 dollars on a cheese steak from Jim's  or Max's
My father was just in there to get me a cheesesteak. He inquired what was being added to the cheesesteak because has deadly food allergies. The man preparing my steak was very rude and said it was the rest of the ingredients. Again my Dad inquired again. He was told to just leave and get his money back. I don't live in this state so getting a Larry's cheesesteak is a treat for me. We will not be patronizing your establishment anymore.
I got desperate. This place cannot be saved by the legacy of Kobe Bryant. This was my second visit in 2 months time. I wasn't crazy about my cheesesteak the last time. So we opted for a Stromboli. The steak Stromboli was all dough with a bit of steak. Ugh, $16 for a large that I had to stick in my own oven to make firmer. But still, too much dough. I could go on about the lack of friendly customer service, but the rest of you 1-star reviewers already know about that. Sorry Larry, you were good in the past. Nowadays not so much.
Just don't do it. Everything about the experience was not good at all. The environment was dirty. Had I seen the grill before I paid for my food I would not have eaten there. Cashier wasn't very polite. The food was just ok.
Ordered with whiz and onions. Got it home, no onions. Meet was chewy and so was the bread. I want to like this place, but with so many other options, I just can't do it again.
I liked Larry's back in the 90's. I lived around the corner and gained 10 pounds when I moved to Philly! When I moved back to NYC I would visit and bring home 4 or 6 steaks... Then something changed. Over the last 3 years, I have been steadily wondering what went wrong with their steaks. Maybe around the time they changed the sign they changed the formula. I've had better steaks in NY: with yellow cheese! Okay, yellow cheese is a joke but seriously, what happened to Larry's!
I always have a bad bowel movement after this place.
Larry's is great! I went there yesterday with my friend and had a chicken cheese steak. I don't eat red meet so when I find a good chicken cheese steak place...I get REALLY happy. I got a chicken cheese steak with mushrooms, fried onions, and green peppers. Everything...especially the chicken was nice and FRESH! The crunchy french fries are SO GOOD and addicting too! If you're on a diet...I wouldn't recommend going here...but if you're not..GO FOR IT! The place is really clean, they have a flat screen tv..yesterday everyone's eyes were glued to Remember the Titans. 

This is my new spot!
Larry's served a purpose during my days on Hawk Hill up until '00. It was an affordable way to get a ton of food that wasn't great, but, hey, seeing as how I was usually at Larry's after a night of drinking, quality of food wasn't necessarily my biggest concern.

Unfortunately, now that I'm a ripe old 29, Larry's doesn't really do it for me anymore. Even the nostalgia is pretty much gone, as the whole place has been remodeled since back in the day. Too bad they didn't remodel their food, because it's still the same super greasy, almost totally flavorless cheesesteak that I remember it being.

That being said, you do get an enormous amount of food for a decent price. And, while I admit the steak itself has no flavor, adding pepperoni to the sandwich helps immensely.

Ultimately, Larry's is for the college crowd, and the steak bombs that they serve up there really do cater to exactly what an empty stomach needs at 2 am. So, although I have quite a few criticisms, it's still nice to know that Larry's is still taking care of those of us who relied on them so much, even if for just a couple years.
I will never return here. I drove from NY to Philly just to be truly disappointed in what used to be a great company. The old Larry's quality is no longer there since the restaurant was purchased by St. Joseph's University. 

The lady's bathroom wasn't working so it had a sign on it. So females had to use the Men's. The men's bathroom had no paper towel or hand dryer and the floor was filthy and wet. The restaurant is filthy. I asked for paper napkins to be replenished; half an hour later, still no napkins. I asked for fried onions and mushrooms on my cheesesteak wrap - none. When I complained, the lady taking the orders gave me a plate with onions and mushrooms, so basically she wanted ME to rebuild my wrap. The worst service I've ever received at a fast food establishment. 

Sad that a restaurant that was established in 1956 has been smeared by such terrible management.
The Way Steak belly filler is worth the trip to  Philly. It's one if the best outside the main city.
I tried to go to Larry's and presented a coupon I received for their store. They would not honor it and instead said that instead of the $7 price for a plain cheese steak with a soda and chips as promised by the coupon, I can pay $9.50 for just the cheese steak and nothing else. I left as I probably would have gotten food poisoning if I ate there anyway. They claim to be the official caterer of Saint Joseph's University, however that is completely untrue.
I really wanted this place to be good. But it turned out just ok.
It's got a cool vibe inside, you can tell the place has history to it. But it's also kinda dirty. The cashier seemed like they were having a really bad day and me placing my order was a bother to them. I will say one thing - the cheesesteak was huge! I ordered the regular size and it was big. Good amount of meat on there. But it wasn't very flavorful. I needed more flavor on the meat. It was also dry. And the bread was pretty mushy. I needed a little more substance to the bread. But I ate it all up! lol. All that to say - decent cheesesteak, but not among the top.
Okay, Two DAYS later and I'm still feeling the effects of that cheesesteak. Why?? Did they cook my chicken cheesesteak on a dirty grill that had remnants of pork juice on it, maybe??  I am in bed BALLED UP right now.  

 Larry's..... I hate you!!!
Worst customer service. Ever. The girl at the counter seemed like she'd rather be anywhere but there. It's called having a job in "customer service," if you're that miserable, you should probably switch and find another. It's also probably not the best idea to yell profanities("motherfu...r!") in front of your customers because your day has sucked. I've seriously never experienced anything like it. The sandwiches were good, but honestly, I'd never go back because of the service and lack of cleanliness. It was pretty dirty. For those that don't care about those two things, have at it!
They Have the nastiest cheesesteaks in Philly! Point blank period!! The meat taste old and Rancid and it stinks!. You can get a way better Cheesesteak at the Papi store for $4 and it will come with Fries! I will never eat from Larry's ever again worst cheesesteak in the city hands down!!
They bought the name but did not buy into the community. They could care less. #boycottlarryssteaks.
sign on the door and window " only cash"
ATM around the corner.
So they effectively have new rules for black people and then are going to charge you to get cash. 
Fuck That!!!
There is no question in my mind that this place is popular simply because it is close to a college population. 

Don't get me wrong.  It's good.  I've had a few steaks and slices of pizza there in my time.  I do not turn up my nose at Larry's.  But compared to the big time cheesesteaks in this town, Larry's doesn't measure up to a Tony Luke's or a John's in South Philly.  It doesn't even measure up to Pat's or Jim's.  I'd take a Larry's steak over Geno's though.  

But it definitely works if you come out of a night class and you need a bite.  Service can be a little slow, but you won't wait forever.
4 words
1.Overrated
2.Pricey
3.Bland
4.Celebs really love this??????? (That WAS 4 words....)
This place has the best cheese steaks in all Philly so forget those tourist places like Geno's and Pat's. 

I have never had a problem with the staff "not speaking English." They have great service and a nice atmosphere. They even have a giant TV in there for everyone to watch while you are waiting.

Great place.
Gross. The restaurant is dirty, and tables were allowed to sit forever with used trays and half-eaten food on them. The service was slow and it wasn't that crowded. I ordered a shrimp platter, an order of mozzarella sticks, and a root beer, which came up to $16. Steep!

My mozzarella sticks tasted awful--wayyy too salty, first of all, and they were just frozen sticks out of a box. There were five of them, so I paid a dollar a stick for frozen crap that was too salty to even eat. I ate one and ended up tossing the rest.

The shrimp were likewise cooked out of a box of frozen junk, and somehow they had managed to overcook them so they were kind of hard. The shrimp inside were super-small and it was mostly breading. Five shrimp came with soggy, mediocre fries, some bread, a small side salad, and cole slaw. I ate like six fries and by that time I had given up on my meal, so I can't report on the slaw, salad, or bread.
My can of soda was not even very cold, so they managed to screw that one up, too.

This place charges way too much to be serving such crappy food. From the dilapidated atmosphere, it is clear that no care or pride really goes into this restaurant. I'll certainly never be back.
I went to Larry's for the first time last year when visiting Philly.  I enjoyed my food last time as well as the time before.

I was however disappointed in the service I received. I ordered my steak to be fried with peppers and pickles. It wasn't and the cashier told me to just put some of the cold toppings they had near the condiments on top. Ummmm... No! That is a totally different taste and style. I specifically asked for them to be cooked in because I wanted a traditional Philly steak. I didn't complain and proceeded to eat what I had though. It takes a little time for them to cook the steaks because they are cooked to order and I was with a group who'd all already received their food. I didn't want to be the lone person holding everyone up.

Pluses for quality and taste of food...

Minuses for the bad service with erroneous order... There was no attempt to even try and rectify the error on there part.
this use to be the best steak, in my opinion, in Philly.  However, since its gotten popular something has changed!  go back to the basics guys.
I came here with a friend on a packed Saturday evening, we actually wanted to go to Landmark (next door) but the wait was over an hour and we were too hungry to wait. I had a Chicken Cheesesteak w/ onions, sweet & hot peppers and light mayo. Service was good, employees alll pleasant. Was it good? yes. Great? Nah.  We went back next door and took shots while waiting for the food so I was tipsy when we actually ate, had I been sober I might have liked it less. Would I come back? Only if I was in the area and another place I wanted to eat was crowded. I've lived in Philly a little over a year so I'm still trying out a lot of different cheesesteak joints, this one is nothing to brag about. Also, it was very crowded but I think they could do a better job cleaning up.
Went here randomly for lunch and absolutely enjoyed the chicken wing platter. The location is very convenient around St Joes campus. When you walk on the cooks are visible and someone takes your order over the counter. Cheesesteaks are obviously the most popular on the menu but they do have a wide variety of other options. My platter came with fries, salad and coleslaw! I was soo hungry I forgot to take a pic. Not a lot of place to sit. It's more of a grab and go spot.
Great comfort food here, but the customer service, or lack there of, is completely unacceptable. Was waiting for well over 45 minutes, and there were people before me who didn't even get their food when I received my order. Staff didn't respond when someone asked the status of their food
Service is the worst. Called ahead to place my order. Asked how long the order would take and was told 25 minutes because of my grilled chicken pizza. Okay so I give it 30 minutes to be safe. Get there and was told to wait a couple minutes. Okay fine. Food was not ready. No explanation given. Nearly an hour after I order and no food.  No explanation. Unacceptable. Customer service is the worst. I will not return. If it was not for the hubby and kids I would have went elsewhere. To top of off it wasn't even crowded and people who ordered after us for their food before us.
I know Larry's Steaks is practically an icon for Hawk Hill, but if I had to guess, it's more the proximity to the various student halls that keep this place running.  The cheesesteaks are a step above the Pat's/Geno's hype, but the varying levels of rudeness and creepy leering I've experienced from the staff have me going out of my way to fill up before evening classes.
I work in this area, and I really wish there was something better near SJU, but there isn't, which is why I guess this place is able to stay in business. The cheese steaks are about average for Philly, but the pizza stinks and the place is never particularly clean. They also have two TVs blaring different stations on all of the time, which I think is rather annoying, and the decor looks about as classy as Charlie Sheen's apartment in Wall Street. The people at the service counter are not particularly friendly either; not that I expect roses and cupcakes, they just kind of look at you like you're not even there. Its weird.
I actually had a really good cheesesteak! The right roll soft and warm ,the meat was tender and juicy and filled the roll. the cheese was gooey. 
Where they lose the points is one the customer service or lack thereof. I know we are in Philly I grew up here so I visit I look for to the stop around the corner to Larry's my high school and college fav. But over the years owners have change that's ok but today was where someone needs to have a talk with the counter people. No manners on the phone as if they were speaking to a person they don't like (CUSTOMERS)! They are curt with an attitude and do not say thank you when taking your money. Let's get this clear you need repeat business, not everyone will think this act is cute for long and with enough bad reviews, OWNER, your so so business goes away and hey there are better places. 
Recommendation: go elsewhere until they get their act together.
SERIOUSLY DISAPPOINTING!!! On a calm day I walk in there and there's only two people. I order a Philly cheesesteak with provolone and mayo and onion. What I got in return was a dry Philly cheesesteak missing was the mail onion and the cheese. What the F! I'm going to try them one more time to be fair. I'd like for this to work out but if not the rare times I have to go to Maxis to get a serious cheesesteak sandwich that's what I'll have to do...
I was hoping to make Larry's my alternative cheesesteak place when I can't get to Allegro's, but that's just NOT GONNA HAPPEN.  Just ate there a few minutes ago, and my stomach is killing me!!!   Not sure why, really. My chicken cheesesteak wasn't TERRIBLE.... just kind of bland.  I had to keep putting salt and pepper on it for it to taste like anything, and even THAT didn't really help.

They also chop their mushrooms and onions so small that you can barely taste them. Their fries were pretty good, but kind of greasy. I;m guessing THIS might be where the stomach ache came from. 

I'll probably give Larry's another try at some point, but I won't be getting another cheesesteak from them again. It just wasn't good at all.


*********************************************************************

A day later, my stomach is still killing me!!!!!  I'm convinced this place puts ex-lax in their food. I will NEVER EVER EVER go back to this place. I can't remember ever having stomach pains this bad. AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE.
So... When you are looking for a NY style pizza...this is not it. Too much bread. Delivery took as long as they said. Where can I order a late night true NY style pizza in Fairmount? Sad.
I went to Larry's for years while attending St. Joe's. While the food quality is ok the customer service is atrocious.
Sitting in the heart of SJU lies a little gem otherwise known as Larry's Steaks.  Forget going to the tourist traps (Pat's & Geno's) in the city, grab a hearty beast of a cheesesteak here on the campus.  Yes there are places that have a better flavor than Larry's, however what Larry has that they do not have is the belly filler, let me put it this way it is a monster, and I have yet to defeat it.  The one thing that makes Larry's different is the selection, they have buffalo chicken cheesesteaks (damn good ones) and other joints in Philly do not.  They also have some great slices of pizza to offer.  Finally their fries are very good, they are the double fried kind that are really crunchy (my favorite kind).  If you are on going to class at SJU, it should be part of the orientation because it is clearly one of the best spots on the campus to get a quick affordable meal that doesn't involve driving around.  Because of the variety and prices, Larry's gets a 4 star review (sorry there is a boatload of competition for this and nothing screams 5 stars, 3.5 stars would be more appropriate).   However I am currently the duke of this place and will continue to give Larry my business.
I had take out once, and the steak was a little too dry, but not bad. Went in once, and the man at the counter was completely rude. Whatever dude, I'll just go to Pat's or Tony Luke's, where the steaks are far superior and the people aren't rude, even when I don't order correctly.
I ordered the chicken fingers platter thinking I would be served chicken cooked to its standard internal temperature of 165 degrees fahrenheit. Unfortunately, I was presented with completely raw chicken fingers! When I went back I didn't receive an apology, nor did anyone take the time to look at the raw chicken. Although I did receive a refund, I am in disbelief by the lack of remorse. I've uploaded pictures for everyones viewing pleasure of this irresponsible health risk.
Is a genuine Philly cheesesteaks wit wiz (with cheese whiz)? I don't know. What I do know is my friend's bf who is a Nova man swears by Larry's. (Anybody remember why the Chevy Nova was unpopular with Spanish-speaking consumers? Nova = no go) The guy who took our order appeared distracted and unapologetic about it. OK, c'est la vie and no love loss.

The sandwiches were made fast b/c the cook pre-cooks half the meat. You can peer over the counter & see it for yourself. The rest of the meat serving was thoroughly cooked, and almost minced to death. I wish there was more melted (sliced) cheese b/c it would have held the meat together. At least the sandwich was warm and had that hot griddle/skillet taste.

The problem: the sous chef seriously lacks communication skills. He stood there w/ a look that asked what we'd like on the sandwiches before he wrapped them up. When my friend asked for lettuce and tomatoes, the sous chef got ornery and said she should have ordered that stuff at the register. [BTW we didn't order the stuff at the register b/c the bf said it would be included.] He couldn't add it now. What could he add at this point? salt & pepper -- WOW.
There is nothing special about this place.  The steaks are average and they taste like the ones you can get from any pizza shop down the street.  I went in for a cheesesteak on a Tuesday night at 6 pm and had to wait 45 minutes to be served my cheesesteak and another 20 minutes for mozzarella fries (I eventually gave up on the fries and left).  There was no where to sit as the inside is very small and the woman behind the counter was barking at people and the staff.  Pat's/Geno's are better steaks and you are served in 20 seconds...now 45 minutes!!!  It really is only popular for college late night food, but it's a poor place - avoid and find better places!
I've been to Larry's twice.  First time, my steak was good, but perhaps a little too greasy for my preference.  The second trip yeilded a much better steak.  I still needed to doctor it up a little bit with a shake of salt, pepper, hots...you get the idea.

Larry's is good, but I've got some personal favorites I like better.
Kobe's favorite place, but I think there is better in Philly. They actually make a better Italian sub than Cheese Steak...so try that one out. This place is not clean and if you eat in you will smell like old food.
Well it's wasn't bad. I ordered a Philly cheese steak. The bun was soft and crispy at the same time which was nice. The meat was seasoned ok but slightly overcooked which dried it out a tad. But the worse offense for me was the cheese. When I asked if they forgot the cheese the woman said it was there at the bottom. Really, do I need a magnifier to find it? Cuz it was barely discernable. I think the cheese in a philly CHEESE steak should be pretty evident. Just saying, it's sort of a simple recipe : meat cheese bread. 

Anywho, the fries were tasty, atmosphere was nice and the bathrooms were very clean.
Good for cheesesteaks, pretty poor for everything else. They have especially nasty buffalo sauce that doesn't even taste like real buffalo sauce. Therefore you should never order a buffalo chicken cheesesteak because it will not be what you expect. The owner is also incredibly rude. I was out enjoying my night with my friends and all of a sudden I look behind me and see him barreling toward me yelling at me to leave his house. Very strange encounter to say the least. Other than that, if you looking for a decent Philly cheesesteak definitely go for that Larrys move. Fun fact: This is also Kobe Bryant's favorite cheesesteak sp
I must be a glutton for punishment. I gave Larry's another chance and it actually became my "go to" place when I want a chicken cheesesteak...... until today.   Larry's gave me a serious case of food poisoning a few years back that left me sick and on a specialized diet for about a month.  Fast forward to today. I had a chicken cheesesteak for lunch, and I can feel the makings of another illness coming on.  Something is definitely not right abut this place.
For a long, long time, Dallesandro's was my philly cheesesteak haven.  However, since their change in ownership, they've gone steadily downhill.  Chubby's and Mama's tided me over until I could find suitable replacement.  Thanks to Larry's Steaks, I've rekindled my passion for cheesesteaks.

Larry's Steaks, situated by St. Joe's University, offers the closest thing to the original Dallesandro's cheesesteak I've found.  The meat is sliced and minced into tiny little pieces, maximizing surface area.  Then the cheese is melted throughout so it covers most of the steak and ensures a heavenly consistency and flavor.  The onions and mushrooms are up to snuff as well.  It's greasy enough to slide down your throat but not so much that it's a mess to eat.  I can't attest to the other menu items, but that hardly matters.  If you are up for a real philly cheesesteak, skip pat's and geno's (and the whiz, i can't believe people actually eat that stuff) and pick up a Larry's steak.
Good Cheesesteaks but HORRIBLE service. I had to call three times to place an order cause the girl answering kept hanging up on me. When I got there, I found the cashier had headphones on and was talking on her cell phone, probably why she couldn't concentrate on phone orders. She proceeded to talk on her cell while I paid and when the phone rang at the restaurant. Some of the worst customer service I've ever had.
First - Dear YELP admins, how could the word "hoagie" fail your spell checker? C'Mon already!

Everyone has a favorite steak shop or two and they can be as different as night and day. White House, Tony Luke's, Geno's, Pudge's - like comparing apples and pigs, or Wilt to Magic, or Kung Fu to Karate, you just can't compare iconic examples different styles.

Larry's is like that. I've been coming for 30 years. Once or twice, I even stepped up to the Houseway Belly Filler. I think this was the first place I ever had a meat topping on a steak sandwich (pepperoni), but it wasn't the last. 

What makes Larry's Larry's? First, the guy is cooking in the window. Next, the steaks are chopped. Not shredded, fluffed, laid out or shingled. Even the toppings on our chicken cheese steak hoagie were chopped - a devout nod to every-bite-the-same sandwich science. A lot of work goes into every steak. Finally, the fresh Amoroso-style roll is just a little toasted, not enough to be a grinder, but certainly not steamed on the grill like an AC sub. 

When on Hawk Hill and hungry go to Larry's. Is it the best steak ever? Nah, but it is an institution and true to itself. As you take your first bite, envision yourself bustin curfew on the way home from seeing Neil Young at the Spectrum, or watching the Sixers take the NBA crown, or sweating whether Y2k will crash your Palm II. If you twist my arm, Larry's doesn't crack my top 5, but tradition is tradition, and Larry's has stood the test of time for good reason.
Omg this was so yummy!!!! Im here from Atlanta for work and this was so amazing!!!! I will be back for sure!!!!
The cheese steaks here are amazing, the bread is soft and the meat is cheesy and delicious! The bad part about this place is that it is dirty. It is obvious that they hardly clean. There was a pile of dead bugs in the windowsill. Also there was no toilet seat in the bathroom. It took them 15-20 minutes to get us our food because the cooks were chatting. People who ordered after us got their food before us. Also the girl who was working the cash register was texting and there were no napkins.
been coming here for years. i love their mushroom steak. have much, more to offer than steaks but i only see people getting steaks. the wings aren't bad and the fries are good. best time to go after the clubs and bars close. theres usually a line but it moves quick. If your in west Philly by St. Joe's please give Larry's a try. and if your feeling fat try one of there belly fillers. its like having 2 steaks in one.   Gluttony at its finest.
The belly-filler is the way to go.  A little greasy and you will feel it the next morning but as far as quantity goes this place is as good as it gets.
This place is great!  The guys there are super friendly and quick to make your cheesy meaty sandwiches.  I'm a huge fan of my steak being on the thinner side and man, do they deliver.  

I'm also a huge fan of anyone who'll support me in my decision to up the ante in calorie count by trading a water for a coke.  What what!  Add some cheese fries to that also!
Cheesesteak was good, not great. The service is BRUTAL. Without the place busy, they literally sit around. You'll wait FOREVER for your food.
FOOD IS AWESOME. but the service is terrible, dine-in area is never clean and the bathroom is disgusting. 

There is always a line so I suggest calling in advance if dining out (or dining in for that matter). 

The food is so good that I have been overlooking these inadequacies for years but with all the renovations in the area, it's time to pick it up Larry's.
Who's open at 2 am when you need a huge sub brimming with savory steak? 

Larry's!

I've been here on several occasions and am never disappointed.

My service was fast and effective but, then again at 2am I don't need anyone to be a saint towards me.
I used to come here all the time when I first moved to the Philly area and I didn't know any better.  :)  At times it can be very hard to find parking because it's right on top of St. Joe's campus.  Overall I think this place is more hype than substance.  Their standard cheesesteak doesn't come with enough meat for my liking and it's usually overcooked, whether you are ordering chicken or steak.  Ask for extra cheese or a ton of toppings (onions, peppers, mushrooms, bacon) because that will go a long way towards improving the taste of the sandwich.  The Belly Filler is actually a decent deal because you get more meat and two people can easily split it.  It's a much better option than ordering two separate steaks, assuming you both like the same thing!  :)  I would never tell anyone to not eat here.  There are just much better options in the area.  It seems to be one of the many Philly area eateries that has a huge local following in their neighborhood but that's about it.
What a shame ! I grew up with Larry's steaks and hoagies. Back in the old Overbrook days. Stopped there today for 2 steak sandwiches. No one was there and it took 20 minutes for the sandwiches, deep down inside I knew they were over cooked and when we opened them they were like shoe leather. It is obvious the only way they succeed is because of the school and no where else to go. It's a shame, poor Larry must be spinning in his grave.
Visited Larry's steaks after visiting St. Joe's as it was really close to campus and easy to get to in comparison to the other two well known establishments. Prices are reasonable. They have chicken and beef cheesesteaks with a variety of toppings to add to them. The toppings for the cheesesteaks are extra money. There are a couple of cheese options and I went with a beef cheesesteak with provolone while the s.o.went with a chicken cheesesteak with provolone. The sub was pretty good. The beef was a little bit dry, I felt like the other two establishments, pats or genos, are better. They have free pickles, cherry peppers, and condiments. 
This place looks like it gets busy with the college nearby, I feel I would go back for a cheesesteak if I was in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way to travel here.
Today was my last day ordering from them. Super disappointed.  I usually order thru Grubhub and pickup when my food is done.  Today I go and my food is not ready although I received the alert that my food was done.  In fact they didn't even make my food.  I wait a half hour on top of the 40 mins initial wait. Ordered a chicken cheese steak platter, simple enough right? WRONG!!!  My fries were not done and soaked with oil.  My steak did not have any condiments I asked for and the bread was soggy.  Needless to say the platter went in the trash.  How hard is is to put effort in making my damn food and look at the order so that it's right. I will not be spending my money here anymore.  My money will be spent with a business that cares about the food they serve.
The bread for my cheesesteak was fresh and soft. And I liked how the meat wasn't rough/chewy and that it was cut into small pieces so that when you took a bite, you didn't have large chunks of meat falling out. 
I didn't like that you had to pay separately for each topping you wanted to add (50 cents). It wouldn't have been so bad if they had been generous with the toppings. I added green peppers and mushrooms, but only had a few pieces in the entire sandwich. 
I like that they had pickles at the condiment area for you to eat. 
The eating area had nice tvs that you could watch while eating.
One major drawback of the place is the bathroom. The woman's bathroom looked dirty and smelled worse! I thought that I was going to throw up. Definitely almost lost my appetite after going in there.
These are delicious! Went to another place and it was terrible! Visited from Los Angeles and we ordered the "Kobe Special" and it was DELICIOUS! For sure we will be back again!
The cheesesteaks are really good and I hope they continue to thrive. I wish I could give them a 5 Star review but their customer service is not good. 

I was there yesterday and wanted to go again today so I called my order in. They only take cash for some reason. Literally paid with card yesterday. Not sure if the cashier is stealing from the owner or if the owner just wants every penny on a Friday. Its just weird, I tipped you guys yesterday that had to have covered the CC transaction fee. 

Anyways, taking my eBike to Mama's pizzaria because they actually have really great steaks.
This review is not based off of customer-service but yet cleanliness. My question for the owner operator is why are the used pizza trays 1.) not be being cleaned from cooking out the oven into a sink or a separate container to be washed .2.) why are you allowing a person of the kitchen-staff use and apply a dirty towel that is attached to his hip to wipe & reuse the trays ? I ordered a slice of pizza coming from Landmark next door. Upon ordering I noticed an Amoroso/Liscio bread box on the floor with trays in them ( mind you it's on the floor ) I watched a nonfit person of handling food of any kind  with a towel attached to his left hip pull a receipt and make a Stromboli/calzone IDK that's not my job, proceed to reach on the floor and wipe out the tray from the floor with a dirty towel from his hip to make a Stromboli/calzone or a slice of pizza it doesn't matter, the shit was on the floor, wait a minute I'm gonna wipe it down with this towel that probably has the flu, SARS,foot/mouth disease. Oh and to make this post even more  nasty. The gentleman did not and I mean did not watch his hands at all. I threw my slice of pizza out on City line Ave. if you're reading this Do not & I repeat do not order pizza from this location unless you want the seasonings and essence form the floor. Another scary point is probably I'm older then the guys cooking. The cheesesteak line which is to the left were in there own world and speaking in there own language, I'm petrified to think where those rolls for cheesesteaks are placed before random sight.  I will not order from this location going forward Wash your hands and please wash your pizza trays Larrys on campus !
Dirty restaurant.  Mediocre at best food.

We live close by and thought 'Why not? Let's try Larry's.'  Bad choice.

Since it was a rainy night during the summer when St.Joe's is closed, we decided to go and settle in for a couple of chicken cheese steaks.  Ordered at the counter and sat down, then looked around.  All the ceiling vents were filthy, and the surrounding ceiling tiles dirty.  Every license, notice, menu, article, etc was badly taped up in a really sloppy way, and all of the tape and signage was dirty and just looked like crap.  I'm taller than most and could see across the top of a big glass cabinet to the left of the cash register.  Encrusted with dirt, dust and crud.  Once you see the dirt and old greasy dust, you see it all around the place.  What the hell?  They make a lotta money here.  Pay somebody to come in and clean, devotedly, with some regularity.

A chicken cheese steak can be delicious or a boring, dead thing on a roll.  It was very much the latter, and it was like no one cared.  'Here kids, eat this and like it, because there is no other place to get a sandwich at St. Joe's'.  They would have just gone ahead and put American cheese on it if I hadn't asked for provolone.  You don't put American cheese on a cheese steak.  My wife ordered a chicken cheese steak hoagie, which means they need to make an effort to enliven the top of the sandwich with all the fresh ingredients... lettuce, onions, tomatoes, etc, that make it a HOAGIE.  What was there was dead and buried UNDER the boring chicken.

If you want a perfectly tasty and adequate hoagie, go to Wawa.  If you want a damned good sandwich, go to most any neighborhood sandwich joint.  I've told people for years that it is nearly impossible to get a bad sandwich in Philly because it's what we do best, and any place that was less than good wouldn't survive.  Well, Larry's thrives because it has a great location on a booming college campus where the food becomes drunken comfort food for kids who aren't yet worldly enough to know better.  For the sake of St. Joe's and the surrounding community, I hope ANYONE so inclined sees the opportunity to make millions just by opening up close by and offering a consistently exceptional sandwich.

Want a damned good cheese steak close by?  Go to Overbrook Pizza on 63rd.  Take out only, but the sandwiches remind you why Philadelphia crows about how wonderful the cheese steak is.
Stopped by Larry's on the recommendation of someone who works in the area. It's not the most charming of interiors, but I was there for a cheesesteak, not a filet mignon. 

The cheesesteak itself was superb. The meat and cheese (i opted for American) coagulated together nicely like an earthworm crawling through loose, moist soil. The roll encased it all it crusty goodness. I would go back here for sure if I'm anywhere in the area.
The cheesesteaks are DEF not wht it use to be!!! SOO DRY & TASTELESS!! We Got the house cheesesteak belly filler to share and we are SOOO upset it cost us $18 for such a dry & tasteless sub. When did they think tht adding bits of pepperoni & marinara, then calling it a Cheesesteak was a good move?? These owners must not be frm Philly cuz the cheesesteaks are horrible!! Never again!
Ok... I had to update again because it's now 4 days later, and I'm still sick!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  This is crazy... a serious case of food poisoning.
Larry's (a Philly mainstay) has generally been on my list of approved cheesesteaks if I'm jonesing and in the area. That being said, they have suffered from inconsistency lately. The last time I had it, a huge disappointment, left me wondering if I should end the relationship entirely, but last night was definitely on point. Had a half of my wife's and she (an avowed Jim's Stan) agreed it was very tasty. The problem of the evening was however the service, and my sorry azz hoagie.Larry's should seriously consider getting new counter staff, because if you can't be bothered to open your mouth when people say hello, or offer so much as a half smile when greeted, perhaps you should find another line of work. Surly employees are a quick way for me to not come back, especially when you top that off with about 3 orders for people who came in after us being done before ours. Exorbitant wait times when it's late, you've been drinking, and you're 25 minutes from your house is a recipe for disaster. 

Now to the "hoagie". What a joke. Overwhelmed with peppers, hardly no tomato or extra onions as I asked, and less meat than your local corner 40oz store deli. Wawa, would have been a supremely better option, and that shouldn't be the case. (although I appreciate Wawa for what it is) Larry's proved my theory that it is rare to find a place known for one or the other (steaks or hoagies) to do both equally good. Larry's is about 7th on my list and will probably drop after last night's episode.
Best cheesesteaks anywhere.  Sometimes the guy that takes your order is too inept to listen fully to what you are saying, so speak clearly and check your receipt.  I won't speak for "atmosphere"--it's a steak joint!?

Larry's = gastric happiness
Waited 30 minutes for a cheesesteak that was done in 10. They stored it in the back of the kitchen. What i got was a flavorless, room temp and dry cheesesteak.  Nothing what i had remembered from years ago and nothing what i was expecting.
Came back to visit an old haunt after Mr. Fultz put them back in the spotlight. We order a chicken cheese hoagie. We're trying to cutdown on our red meat consumption to about twice a month. I know I know Larry's is known for their cheesesteaks. Our chicken cheesesteak was pretty good. There are a couple of places I like better but as a rule I never mention other restaurants in Yelp reviews. What I didn't like was the roll. Too soft!! IMO you need some chew to stand up against the content of the cheesesteak. Will I be back probably not but when you are located next to a college campus I doubt if they'll miss me.
A west philly staple that has been around since the '50s and I have been going to my entire life. Awesome cheesesteaks, chicken cheesesteaks, and hoagies. Right up there with the best in the city, if not the best. Don't bother with anything else on the menu. It seems a lot of the bad reviews are for their pizza. Who orders pizza at Larry's? Must be college kids who don't know any better. Stick to what Larry's does best, cheesesteaks and hoagies!
With so many great reviews I thought I would Larry's a try. I called in an order for a steak stromboli and cheesefries. I got there 20 minutes later and they didn't even start to make my fries yet. When I got my meal everything smelt so good, but as soon as I took my first bite I was disappointed. Both the stromboli and fries were soggy. I understand that the stromboli is holding a lot of moisture and the fries were covered in cheese but these items were extremely soggy that I lost my appetite for meal.
Dear Kobe,

I know you weren't the tallest, strongest, or most athletic basketball player, but that didn't stop you from becoming the greatest.

I saw you struggle with injuries, fight with your teammates, and put your marriage at risk. But, I also saw you battle through those injuries, rebuild your relationships, and dedicate your life to Vanessa and your daughters. You overcame every obstacle. That's what made your journey beautiful.

You weren't perfect, but your work ethic combined with your curiosity and determination truly made you invincible.

Mamba Mentality has helped me get through school, find a job, and grow in every aspect of my life. Employing your mindset has pushed me to work harder and smarter every single day.

I always thought that Vino was the perfect nickname for you because as the years passed, you continued to grow. Even after you retired, you showcased a completely different skill set. You won a freaking Oscar bro. Writer. Producer. Investor.

We lost one of the greatest minds this world has ever seen, on and off the court.

Enjoy paradise man. See you soon.

"Heroes come and go, but legends are forever"

Love you always,
Vic
I did not like the food . The warp was not cooked.. the sad was too bad . The ceaseir said was not good
On a SCALE of 1-10... 2.5.

A condescending and arrogant waitstaff, as you try to give them
your money

Don't let you use the Restroom, a violation of local PA Restaurant law.

16-20 minute wait for a wet roll, simply taking advantage of St. Joe's students.

Better-off paying the extra delivery fee from Uber Eats from Jim's Steaks

Larry's is an "Awful Business", with RUDE people... No motive other than to say stay away!!

Lots more proper options
Early morning (they open at 9), late night (I don't know what time, but they're open late), feeling a bit gluttonous (order that bellyfiller) etc...whatever you like! 

I have friends that swear by some other locations in Philly, but Larry's just does it for me. It does seem as though ownership may have shifted in recent years and the quality of sandwiches declined a bit, but it's still a good sandwich. Plus I have the number programmed in my phone making it easy to place the order prior to arrival. These sandwiches are made to order and hey even have seating available in the store. This area looks like a zoo if you come by late night when St. Joe's is in session due to the number of drunk students. 

They take credit cards as well. 

Consider adding mushrooms and peppers to yours next time. Yum!
Larry's hit the spot! Everything I expected in a cheesesteak. Got the House Special to go. Dining in isn't an option which isn't a big deal. Inside is not very nice but it's a cheesesteak spot, it's about the cheesesteaks it doesn't have to be pretty.
larry's steaks has been a neighborhood staple for well over 25 years. in recent years they've invested time and money into sprucing the place up and i would imagine thats largely due to the high volume of college kids, parents, etc. anyway, on to the food. its pretty much your typical "round the way" pizza/cheeseteak spot. nothing really jumps off the menu at you but the service and quality of the food is consistent. i've been eating here since i was a lil kid and i'd definitely recommend larry's over their local competition. the staff is fast and friendly, the restaurant is clean, and the food is good.
Pretty good. Little skimpy on the meat. I'd prefer more safety protocols like at Dalesandros. Poor customer was there when I got there and his ordered wasn't filled when I left. Employees didn't seem to care. With other options, I'm not likely to return and risk an infection.
Great cheese steaks next to St. Joe's in Philly. The fries brought it all together.  Sure you have to wait while they make a killer cheese steak (or chicken cheeaesteak) but OMG it is well worth the foreplay. We ordered 3 sandwiches for 4 of us and had to take a sandwich home with us (but they had aluminum foil ready to go - I can only assume this happens alot!). 

All hail Larry!  Thanks for a great lunch!
Best steaks near City Line! The last order I had I felt like the meat was pretty skimpy on mine and my boyfriends but hopefully that was just a 1 time thing because that isn't usually the case. I've been going there about 15 years.
