Awful, awful establishment.  My younger brother who was recently diagnosed with ALS attempted to get a drink here and was not only denied service, but was also ignored, lied to, and disrespected at this place.  Apparently they thought he was drunk because the disease affects his speech.  Instead of telling him this they lied to him, refused to wait on him, tried to tell him that his Pennsylvania driver's license was an invalid form of identification, and honestly just completely disrespected him as a human being.  On top of all of that they continued to lie while being interviewed by the news.  They said my brother was being "aggressive".  He can't lift his arms above his shoulders.  He can't walk much faster than a slow shuffle.  He has trouble speaking.....so it's physically impossible for him to be aggressive with his condition, yet Las Margaritas said he was acting aggressively.  If you've seen the online video of his wife arguing with the jerk of a manager you can see that she has his medical binder with her proving to them that he has ALS, yet when talking to the news, workers of this establishment say things like "well if we hurt his feelings we apologize if he actually has the disease".  Completely disgusting human beings and an even worse establishment.  Please avoid going here at all costs. If I could give them negative stars I would.
This establishment refused to serve my friend who has ALS a drink with his meal because they mistook his slurred speech due to his disease for drunkenness. My boyfriend tried to advocate to the staff about his friend's condition and the waiter back tracked and stated, "we don't serve drinks in this section" and recommended that they move to another section. After moving they were still not served in addition to being completely ignored by the wait staff and at that time my friend called his wife and asked her to bring documentation to the establishment. After being provided with documentation about the disease the manager back tracked AGAIN and claimed they were not serving him because his ID wasn't valid. It was. For the owner of the establishment to make a televised statement saying she hopes that Dan carries documentation around with him from this point out is a DISGRACE. NO ONE with ANY disability should be made to feel like they have to wear it as a badge to be able to have a simple drink. As the owner you should accept responsibility for your staff's fault and commit to providing them with the appropriate training NOT deflect and make it out to be the patron's fault. If I could give them no stars I would.
This place is one of my Favorite restaurants! I get the same dish every time I come (fajitas). Its so filling I always have some to take home. The salsa and chips that we get once seated is great as well. Their guacamole is unbelievable! I can literally eat their guacamole rice and beans and be satisfied!! I would definitely recommend this place! I usually call ahead and ordered takeout which doesn't take them long to prepare. 

Get a margarita their good!!
In my opinion, Las has the best tasting authentic Mexican food in NE Philadelphia.  I've been going here for years-since the place opened and never had a bad experience.  There pricing is reasonable and they have budget friendly options for lunch and dinner.  The pick 2 lunch special will cost you around $8 and this same meal will cost you around $12.00 for dinner.  The pick 2 comes with rice and refried beans and your choice of entrée such as quesadilla, burrito, tostado, taco and etc.

Their margaritas are delish as well.  Served your way-fresh or frozen with sugar or salt on the rim.  Flavors include strawberry, mango, lime and more.  If you stop here during happy hour which is M-T from 5:00-7:00 you can get a regular sized margarita for $2.99.  Feel free to enjoy the free chips and salsa while you sip on your drink as well.
I've been here a couple of times since my first review, mainly because of convenience as this is one of the few non-chain restaurants that's open later. 

The atmosphere is pretty quiet and very clean. The servers are all very attentive and stop by regularly to make sure that your drinks are refilled and you have everything you need. 

The food here is disappointing through. It's really not the best tasting and judging from how insanely fast it comes after you order I think they just have giant batches of food in the back that they heat up. Normally getting your food out fast is a good thing, but I'm telling you, there's no way food can come out that fast and be good  and you can taste it. 

I'd probably come here to sit at the bar and have a few drinks and appetizers. Not really a dinner spot.
Never coming here again. The owner, staff and management need training ASAP on how to treat people with disabilities.
It's a great place to meet friends for happy hour. The house margaritas are tasty and only $3. They have a great chicken fajita special on Mondays that I always take advantage of. The food is good and the atmosphere is nice for a few after work drinks. I would recommend coming to Las Margaritas if you are in the Northeast.
Good lord this has gone downhill. The food is pricier and of lower quality. The servers are attentive if there is no one there but other than that there is not much going for this place.

Its official, there are no good Mexican or Tex-mex restaurants in far Northeast Philly.
I've never met a person from the NE that doesn't rave about this place including my parents. It's good. Always consistent. Is it the best? Worth going out of the way for?No, but good for the area. 

I don't particularly love their chips and salsa especially compared to other places but at least they're complimentary. I can't stand when you have to pay for them. Now don't get me wrong, I'll still happily down way more than I should of these. People flip for their table side guac. Nice touch especially in a not so fancy place like this. Bonus points for that. 

Decent margaritas that get the job done. 

My Mom religiously for years has ordered the Camarone Vallarta which is basically a salad smothered  in cheese with huge shrimp. She always counts them. Sometimes up to 13 decent sized shrimp. 

They have a lot of clearly marked vegetarian options. A lot of carb crap like cheese quesadillas, rice and beans etc. Combo meals for cheap though. I've had the fajitas which are great and today I was torn between the avocado salad for about $6 and the the fajita salad for $12 which comes with the option to add meat if you wish. I compromised and got the fajita salad with a side of avocado to put on top. You pick the dressing. I opted for oil vinaigrette. The salad was good. Hot veggies over iceberg, tomatoes slices and cucumbers tossed very lightly in the dressing. I would absolutely order this again. And it will probably be my new healthy go to when I'm in a place where there aren't many healthy options. 

Kid meals are cheap and huge. 

Service was fast. The waitress today was awesome. You can tell everyone here works hard for their money. Same host perhaps the owner greets you every time which is nice. 

I've been lucky and never really had to wait that long on a weekend night, but they do NOT take reservations. You can grab a drink at the bar while you wait however. 

It's not my first choice, but a nice option for the area. Actually, I think the only Mexican option around there which may add to its popularity.
As a resident of Northeast Philly, this restaurant confirms my long time belief that people in NEPhilly love crap.  Not only do they love crap, People RAVE about this place.   They say how great the food is and how fabulous the margaritas are.   Well, like usual, I disagree.  But I don't like tasteless meat and super sour mix laden margaritas .  If you do, or are like the majority of NE Philly inbred residents that have sex with your brother or sister, then hey, go to Las Margaritas.   

Carnitas - no flavor.   Pulled chicken in quesidillas and on soggy nacho slop plate - no flavor.  Crab in crab tacos - salty as balls after basketball.   

I don't get it.   I really don't get it.   I keep trying restaurants in NEPhilly and I keep getting what I am expecting...crap.
Well maybe If I never had Mexican food in my life I'd like this place. But I have, and some excellent Mexican food at that. I ordered a carne asada. It tasted like dog food with a hint of tapatio. Not good. Service was slow and forgetful and many mistakes. Apparently the margaritas were good. I wouldn't know. 

The crowd here is young, loud, and annoying. It was like a sunday night. Plus I later realized that I had been scammed because they charged an automatic gratuity because I had a party of 6 and then i left an additional tip. My fault for not realizing that at the time. I wonder if that happens all the time and these awful waiters actually believe that someone would tip them 33%. 

The worst part is that I brought the family here who don't know how great Mexican food can be. This place isn't just a bad experience, but for a lot of people who have never had Mexican food before, it's turning them off to the entire cuisine. I know next time I have Mexican now it will have to be for my birthday or something.
I've been looking for a decent Mexican restaurant in the area for a while and had yet to find one until now! Finally!!

The place was packed so my bf and I had about a 25 minute wait. We got seats at the bar and ordered a frozen lime margarita and a mojito. The mojito my bf had was awesome! I would opt for the on the rocks margaritas as the frozen ones are pre-made and come out of a slushy machine (not my cup of tea)-- It was still pretty strong though. We were seated after finishing our drinks and I had no idea what to get off the HUGE menu. We ordered the san jose special which was 3 different enchiladas with mexican rice and a quesadilla and taco. I'm a huge enchilada fan and these were delish. The quesadilla was huge for a cheap $4.50. Chips and salsa were fresh-- I always eat way too many before my entree!!

DEFINITELY will be back here. Happy hour is M-F 5-7pm--discounted margs and domestic beer.
I love this restaurant, I love their food, I love the crowd BUT THE BARTENDER AND HIS FUNKY ATTITUDE MUST GO! 

My besties and I meet up here often. We always sit in the bar area because we enjoy the camaraderie. Yes we order food but our drink orders (several Monster margaritas with shots) outweigh our food order. The bartender always subtly gave people an attitude but on this particular evening he was in rare form and blatant with his rudeness. We were so offended that we canceled our food order, paid for our drinks (which he tried to overcharge us for by $5 each! WTH?!?) and just left. Again I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT, the food is amazing, the other house staff are great but the bartender must go
Discriminating! Poor and pathetic management and servers!                













.
Stopped by just after 4pm on a Friday evening and we were seated right away. They have a pretty long bar with seating, plus booths and tables throughout. I'll be honest, their food tastes pretty good, but everything else was lacking.

Everyone says their lunch specials are great, but the specials end at 4pm and without the special, everything is actually pretty expensive. Also, we went on National Margarita Day, where it seemed like every nearby Mexican restaurant had margarita specials except for this place that was literally NAMED AFTER THE DRINK. And lastly, I'm pretty sure there's only two waiters in the entire restaurant. You don't get checked on, special attention, good service, etc- you just get to order your food and then some guy throws it down in front of you on his way to throwing down food in front of literally everyone else. You also pay extra for literally everything, including if you want them to throw some jalapeños on your dinner.

They brought out the chips and salsa first, which were bland (we added salt and hot sauce in an attempt to get more flavor).

I ordered three cheese enchiladas, which came at whopping price for a pile of carbs. The enchiladas did taste good though, and the beans and rice were okay but nothing special. At first, they only brought out my enchiladas, so I had to remind them that the menu states that my dish comes with rice and beans. They corrected it luckily, and my boyfriend's grande platter was huge and tasted good.

Overall, Las Margaritas is an overpriced understaffed restaurant that seems to care very little for the customer experience. In the future, we will stick to our preferred Mexican restaurant and avoid this place.
Quick and clean Mexcian food with solid lunch specials.  I like the Speedy Gonzales.  $6 covers me well until Dinner. When they say a dish contains cheese, be ready for it to be cheesy. Full of cheese that is, not corny.

Given is proximity to work for me, I've found myself here on multiple occasions for lunch and enjoyed each trip.  I've only had one drink, a margarita (remember,  usually go for lunch and have to go back to work) and can say it was solid.  They have some awesome happy hours posted, especially for earlier in the week.  I've been looking for an excuse to go and hope to find one soon.  Until then, I'll be back for another lunch in a week or two!
Best Mexican food ever ! Very authentic and tasty. I usually get the pick 2 for lunch- comes with beans and rice plus a taco or quesadilla or burrito. Great deal if you go for lunch. Drinks are amazing here too. The frozen strawberry margarita
Food is horrible and service is even worse, servers just care about making tip money and don't care how the service is. They are so busy making tip money they don't care if the food they spilled on your clothes gets ruined. I went wearing my fav expensive jacket and hung it up on the chair someone spilled shit load of sauce/salsa on it and didn't even care to inform, when I come home I see the jacket is all messed up. This place always smells like fish, greasey food margaritas hardly has any liquor. Seriously people stop thinking abt making money n care abt making service better
I've been going to Las Margaritas since it was a hole in the wall on Bustleton called El Cancun. The food is good, the margaritas are strong (if you don't get the pre-made ones), the portions are generous - two or three meals at least - and the beer selection is awesome. This place may not be totally "authentic" but they use much higher quality cuts of meat than those that are, and there's something for just about everyone on the menu. Even the non-Mexican items on the menu are delicious; they do a mean pasta dish with shrimp, and they don't skimp on the seafood.

However, the experience is a lot different during rush times. I try to avoid Las Margaritas on weekends and even some weeknights because it gets PACKED. The service does suffer at times; the waiter I had tonight wasn't very good, but I think the language barrier and the noise level had something to do with it. When it's busy, expect to wait a while for your food while you fill up on chips and salsa. Since there's a huge menu, a few items are weak. My dad had the chicken and chorizo tacos and said they were dry, but they do the classic Mexican dishes very well.

My only real complaint is that most of the dishes on the vegetarian menu are mostly cheese-based rather than having a lot of veggies. Las Margaritas is definitely not vegan-friendly, but how many vegans are going out to eat in the Northeast anyway?
No complaints love their food. The platters are a little pricy & you don't get what you pay for but lately I've just got the fajitas which are bomb. Their refried beans are very good this is the only place I eat them from.  Rice is tasty too. This place is yummy
A couple of us girls got together and decided to dive into some drinks after a movie. It was Saturday, around 4 or 5pm and definitely crowded, but not a long wait. We grabbed the first margaritas at the bar and probably 15 minutes later we had a table.

The booths were cozy and the drinks were strong.
My two favorite dishes on the table: Queso Fundido and the Chicken Nachos. 
Best friggin chicken nachos I've had in a long time. Everything was perfect about them; the layers were evenly proportioned with the cheese, chicken and peppers. The flavors were mouthwatering. And the Queso Fundido- you'll want to lick the bowl.. 

Several margaritas later and you're ready to go and will happily come back.
Please perform a fast before you come here and don't partake in any life changing decisions after because you will be struggling through a Mexican food coma, especially if you decided to add refried or black beans as a side dish.

I give this place 3.5 stars but Yelp doesn't allow 1/2 star ratings. Place is overall "a-ok", but if you are judging only for this neighborhood area then it gets a four stars. Food is ok - for deal seekers this place is certainly one! I'd highly recommend the soft tacos here, very fresh. Service is ok/pretty good and they are fast. 

Craving for fish? Have the fish tacos. Craving for beef? Have the beef tacos. You get my point. Have the tacos (it comes only in soft shell). Comes with Mexican rice and salad topped with fresh avocado/tomatoes as a fresh salad "topping". Not in the mood for tacos? Go for the fajitas. For drinks - it's called Las Margaritas for a reason. Get the Strawberry Margarita, it's the special here, served in a knockout sized glass with a green cactus as a glass stem, befitting for the theme of the restaurant.

Upon sitting down they serve you nachos and salsa - it's unlimited. But remember your appetite is limited so control yourself! The salsa is fresh but a tad bland for me, though I do realize they may have to tame it down for the mix of local clientele.

Watch out for the green bottle of authentic Mexican habanero sauce that is with the condiment rack on the side of the table. It's good, but the hotness creeps in slowly, so top on slowly.

Please don't make any comparisons to Taco Bell here. They serve fresh stuff and a kicking margarita at decent prices. The soft taco entree is shareable between two girls.

If you don't plan to waste food and plan to consume your entire American super size me portion, I'd suggest you pull on your favorite Abercombie and Fitch sweatpants before you come here. This is a casual environment so it's okay, and at least your stomach won't cramp up from being restricted!
Now that El Azteca is closed, this will be my new Mexican spot. The food was good and plentiful. There was great music in the background. The service is really fast. It seems they get really busy so they make sure to clear tables fast to sit the next customers. 

You are served tortilla chips and salsa as soon as you sit. Beware, they are very addicting. Leave space for the amount of food you are about to get with your meal. I had the Carnitas. It comes with rice, beans, a small salad with guacamole on top, and of course the juicy chunks of pork all on the same plate. The food was very good but I couldn't finish it all. I have some left over for lunch :) 

The place is decorated with paintings of Mexican tradition. It is very colorful but fun. 

Las Margaritas is located at the back of a shopping plaza. There is plenty of free parking. Its a great spot to grab something quick to eat while shopping.
I'll be the one to say it. The food here sucks. I think these million awesome reviews had to have been left by people who had a few drinks first and that skewed their taste buds. I will say that I did enjoy the drinks, but for me the drive from West Philly just wasn't worth it for the overall experience. Our crab dip was so watered down it was hard to get any on the chip because it kept sliding off. I had to add salt and pepper because there was NO flavor to the dip at all.  Most of all I tried to keep it safe by order a simple chicken quesadilla. After what felt like hours of waiting it comes out I take one bite and spit it out. The cheese it it was not only ridiculously thick, but solidified. Not even melted. Seriously? I took it to my nephews and they said it was the most amazing grilled cheese sandwich they ever had. Think about it.
This is a great place to take a date on Friday or Saturday night. The atmosphere is nice, tables are newer and seating is spacious. Also on these nights there is a Mariachi singer/guitar player that will do serenades if you request it, otherwise he wanders the restaurant singing to everyone.

There are other Mexican places in the Northeast that are better on quality & price, but this place has great atmosphere & the live music makes it a real treat!
Ok, I am a recent Texas transplant and this is not good. The selection of beers is a sight for sore eyes yes, but the food is not good.
The pitcher of margaritas we ordered seemed watered down, but was tasty. I loved the chips and salsa provided and couldn't stop snacking on them.

The atmosphere was pleasant, more for intimate gatherings than large parties but works for both. Decor was cute and theme based. 

The staff was attentive and the owner came out to see how everyone was doing.
Like any good mexican resturant, Las Margaritas is located in a strip mall. Once inside, the atmosphere is great- painted walls and decorations hanging from the ceiling. However, the tables/ booths could be a little nicer. 

We were seated right away around 6pm on a Tuesday. Our waiter immediately brought us water and complimentary chips and salsa. I asked which margaritas were the advertised $2.99 margaritas during happy hour (unitl 7pm, Sunday- Thursday), but unfortunately you can only get that deal if you are seated at the bar. Instead, we opted for the pitcher of margaritas- 60 oz for $24.95. 

For dinner, we both got the combo meals. For $11.95 you can pick two entrees with beans and rice, for $12.95, you can pick three entrees. I had the chicken quesadilla, chicken burrito, and chicken enchilada. There was so much food that I could had enough leftovers for two more meals. 

I already can't wait to go back to Las Margaritas again to try the infamous guac that is made table side.
The place where it is is under construction but that didn't deter me. I ordered take out. Pork tacos meal. It came with for tacos along with beans but I opted out for rice.  Also asked for extra cilantro which they gave me plenty!!!!

Plentiful pork for the tacos. Fresh made soft taco corn shells. 
Fluffy seasoned rice
 Home made tortilla chips and salsa as well. 



 For the price and what I got was right on point. If i lived in the area I would def be back!!
This place is pretty unremarkable. The food is subpar and the decor is a bit cluttered and gaudy. We started with margaritas. I got a mango marg, and I wasn't asked what I wanted it rimmed with so it came with a sugar rim (although mostly no rim at all) which wouldn't have been my choice. It tasted good but hardly like it had alcohol in it. They serve complimentary chips and salsa, which tasted fine. Nothing special at all. 

I decided to order the combo meal with a chicken quesadilla, chicken enchilada, and a chalupa. The chicken enchilada was the best of the 3, but by no means the best enchilada I've had. The chalupa is a circular hard taco shell with unseasoned refried beans, guacamole, and lettuce. The guacamole tasted good but as a whole it was a very boring part of the dish. The quesadilla was...weird. I'm 98% sure the cheese on the quesadilla was American cheese. My boyfriend even confirmed this suspicion. I like American cheese, but definitely not on a quesadilla. It was very off-putting. There was a lot of chicken in the enchilada and the quesadilla. But overall the food just tasted inauthentic and lackluster. 

Another reason for a low review is that the restaurant didn't seem entirely clean. The floor was filthy, covered in crumbs and trash. I have had much better Mexican food in the area, so I won't be coming back here.
This restaurant is horrible.........bottom line.  Many other reviews here say the service is slow.  For us it practically did not exist.  Honestly, the food is just way over priced Taco Bell, with just a larger menu.  The Margaritas are all drink mix.......almost no alcohol.  And the "manager" of the Southampton location is completely arrogant, unhelpful, and unprofessional.

I have no idea how a place like this is in business.
Las Margaritas, positioned at the far end of a strip mall looks a bit glum with the black covering on the doors and windows, but inside it absolutely opens up. Immediately inside is the U-shaped bar which gives you some energy right away, and as you go into the restaurant the clay roof shingles and attractive lighting give it a really fun vibe. 

As we sat down we were served chips and salsa right away -- some pretty good and crispy chips and salsa that my wife said had the 'perfect' level of spice. 

The food we ordered came out great, but the margaritas were pretty average. Giving Los Margaritas three stars for two reasons:
1) The margaritas (in the name of the restaurant) left a lot to be desired. Would have expected a bit more. 
2) The Service was extremely slow. While our waitress was super friendly it just took a really long time to get our drink order taken. Then a long time to get the food order taken. And then a long time to see the food actually come out. Strange, as most authentic Mexican restaurants have a reputation for fast cooking.  

If you have a lot of time on your hands, this could be a 4-5 Star restaurant. But with reasonable expectations for Service, only 3.
Fish Tacos!!! Awesome,authetic, fresh toppings. Very good,margaritas with a kick. Reasonably priced, large portions and happy hour its always crowded, so crowded everytime i go i cant get a seat. Located in the "heart" of the northeast right on welsh road. I will be coming here again, actually i think this might be my second yelp review for this location lol.
Been coming here for 7 or 8 years . I went the other night and unlike other place the food or the portions has not changed over the years !!!! If you want to have the best Mexican food come here ! The taste is amazing ! Always stuffed as well ! I'm not saying the chips and guacamole are the best but the meals are outstanding , even if the service is slow that night the food ALWAYS makes up for it . Margaritas are huge ! I will say over the years I think they do give a little less tequila but they are still delicious . I have been getting the shrimp quesadilla every single time except for 2 times . It's outstanding ! Not the kind of place you go if you are looking for that 5 star el vez environment at all , go there for the food !

What's funny is this picture of me is taken there 7 years ago !
ok, here's the scoop on Las Margarita's. do you know El Azteca in the city? (and also one in the northeast-not as good)
well Francisco from the teca and a few of the other staff opened Las Maragritas a few years back. 
the menu, the food and the prices are identical. seriously, it's the same restaurant. 
Except Las Margarita's has a liquor license. another thing to note: do not get a standard margarita, get a special one because those are the ones made to order, they are also stronger and better in every way.
food is good, it's not exquisite, but it is priced right. the staff is pretty awesome and again, the drinks are good.
I was truly surprised. The chicken quesdillas were great and the chicken taste as if it was slow cooked in a special sauce. I also ordered a house salad.....made of shredded lettuce and they only had 3 dressings but that wasnt a problem for me.....they had ranch. The chips and dip seemed to be freshly made in house. We also ordered chicken and beef burritos that were good as well. 

Now the margaritas were surprisingly sweet and strong and 1 will get you to your tipsy level. The mango strawberry and peach were really strong, the banana was just OK. 

The prices are great and on the door I read margaritas are 2.99 during happy hour. I'll be going back next week!
For the life of me... I don't understand the good reviews for this place. I eat mexican food weekly and this place is not authentic mexican. The chips taste store bought and the enchiladas taste of nothing but green peppers. The Ancho sauce is deplorable and the beans tasted acidic.  Seriously, this isn't good food people.... maybe of you've been drinking all day or night. I do hear that the margaritas are good.
Mexican burritos are not made with unseasoned ground beef and gooey white plastic cheese sauce. The salsa was unbelievably bland. Can't understand why this place gets such good reviews; giving two stars because the service was good. In terms of food it was worse than forgettable.
Customer service is awful! My coworkers and I decided to go to Las Margaritas for lunch. They have a chicken fajita lunch special for $4.99 and I decided to order it. When I got the bill the charged me $15.99. Since I ordered a chicken fajita during lunch time and they were advertising their special I assumed I'd be getting the lunch special but no. The waiter never even asked if I wanted a lunch special or dinner. The manager would not give me the lunch special price since I already ate some of the food. The customer service here is absolutely horrible and they lost some loyal customers. Just remember if you're eating lunch here make sure you say lunch or they'll charge you dinner prices and they won't clarify if you're ordering lunch or dinner... such BS!!
Love the fajitas! They give you more then enough for a great price.  I always judge a Mexican restaurant on their fajitas and margaritas.  This place knows what they are doing!  I have been here more times than I can count.  The place is huge too a lot of different dining room areas and a bar area.  The atmosphere is colorful and full of artwork from the tables to the walls.  Great place highly recommend!
This isn't any taco bell, or on the boarder for that matter. Great Mexican food, service, and atmosphere. If you are going on the weekend be prepared to wait; however, I know they have another location at 2nd Street Pike and Street Road. Love it here, love it, love it!
My first time and experience here. Heard alot about it, so when she mentioned going i was all for it. We visited last night and it was packed and had to wait which wasn't an issue. The greeter was good and the employees were good as well. After getting seated we ordered our food. The ambiance was nice and they even have a bar. We ordered the crab dip which was great. We also ordered the enchiladas de mar and strawberry margaritas. Our bill was about $60.00. When we left we forgot our bag of food on the table to take home and by the time we realized it and turned around it was gone. It wasn't even 10mins.
AMAZING!!! I love this place. My sister and I came here once and we were hoping up hate it because it was such a long drive but we fell in love! I bring everyone here now. The food is so good. The margaritas are so good and strong. It's a little hard to communicate with the staff but I am getting my hand gestures down!  Can't wait to go back!
I love coming here for their margarita. They hace really good special during happy houe for $5 ans the glasses are pretty big. The food here, depending on what you get can range from " meh" to "AWESOME". Most times it leans more to the latter but I have been there when something I ordered ( like chicken quesadilla) was just ok. Everything else is great I will say. I do like that its very diverse crowd that frequent this place. It's definitely a cool place to hang out
This Spot be popin only for the drinks the food is just ok. They need more seasoning maybe some Adobo or sazon but besides that the service was great and the staff is friendly, a good place to hangout for drinks.
Love this place! Always go here when craving Mexican food!  The food on their menu isn't the stuff you get at taco bell, this is the real deal. the portions are huge and are definitely made for sharing! so bring 2 or 3 of your friends and load up on the amazing food and great atmosphere! they do get really crowded though, so the earlier you show up, the better.
Caca                                                  Dookie                        You guys suck
It's great to find a non-chain Mexican place like this restaurant. The staff was very friendly and gave my table 2 bowls of tortillas chips alongside with salsa while we waited for our food. I ordered a lunch special which was a quesadilla, rice and beans for only 4.99. The portions were good although the quesadilla could of had more flavor to it. One person sitting at my table ordered tableside guacamole which was fantastic. There were other more pricy options on the menu which I'm sure are good and if the 4.99 meal had a good portion size, I can't imagine what a $15-$20 looks like. Go here. Do it. Mexican food is delicious.
Love this place!!!!  Triple threat!!
Great Food!
Great Prices!
Great service!
Anyone who doesn't like this place is loco
Giving them back a star because I have gone back a couple of times since and it was better in the quality of the food and really quick service as well. Be warned though that since this is the only Mexican restaurant in the immediate area it get packed most nights and weekends. So expect waits, but that is why they have a bar. ;)
I read below that someone said the old owners of El Azteca opened up this place.  I'm not sure where you heard that, but I met the owners before the place was even open.  The one guy still manages the place.  They have a chain of these, and they are actually from Mexico.  

I got take out from here once, and I ordered one of those choose your own combo plates.  I felt like I got a bowl full of mush.  Everything was all the same ingredients just put together in different ways and called different items.  It was a bowl of mushy beans, cheese, tomatoes, and tortillas.  It wasn't very appetizing.
Mexican food is my absolute favorite type of ethnic food.  I have tried numerous Mexican restaurants, but Las Margaritas is the one that keeps me coming back for more.  It is close to my home, has very reasonable prices, the food is served in large portions, and is absolutely delicious.  The margaritas are reasonably priced, and are very satisfying.  The complimentary tortilla chips are always fresh and warm, and the salsa is always freshly homemade.  The time between ordering your food and receiving it can be a little lengthy, but the weight staff keeps you satisfied with frequent drink and chips/ salsa refills.  If you are looking for a great lunch special, they serve half of the items on the menu for only $5 during lunch hours.  Because it is the complete package, Las Margaritas is one of my top 5 go-to restaurants.
Rude manager and staff. Gave us another tables food and argued that's what we ordered. My water glass had a previous patrons lipstick on it and my food had an after taste of dishsoap. It's always packed and busy in there and I've tried this place 3 times just because it's so popular but more and more disgusted and mad every time
A friend and I started going here awhile ago but kept feeling weird after. I finally realized how much frickin sodium is in the food! The beer selection is great (yeah modelo!) but the food is lacking. Plus they have had run ins with the health department inspection violations in the past and their wait staff was variable......sometimes you'd get someone helpful but sometimes you get someone with a bad attitude. Just beware, if you plan to eat here a lot, you might want to be hitting the retro fitness next door beforehand. :p

Oh, and we ordered pick up once and they messed it up to the point we had to go back so make sure and check your food if you order, especially if you have any kind of special request.
I used to really love this place and still do for happy hour, ($2.99 margs which are delicious and chips & salsa) but I had a bad experience a while ago that really rubbed me the wrong way.  First, I'm a server/bartender so I tend to always be very forgiving when it comes to mistakes etc., but when my server actually tries to scam me...well ain't nobody got time for that.  We went for my birthday dinner (9 ppl) and when the check came I was surprised at how much it was.  The checks are hand written and so I was unable to read her writing, so I looked at the menu and manually added it all up.  Was like $30 over.  When I asked the server she acted like she didn't understand what I was saying until my sister demanded to know why it was so high.  Here she added the gratuity and didn't tell us or write it clearly on the check.  Now in my experience as a server I make it a point to always let the party know that the grat was added.  I truly believe she was trying to get a double tip, which is just wrong.  Also, there was a mysterious extra $12 added to the check which was never accounted for.  I will never eat here again, and have warned family and friends.  So, in conclusion, happy hour is great...but pay cash and if you are a party of 8 or more grat WILL be added (shadily) to your check, so just be aware.
I agree with whoever said that NE Philly people typically do not know good food (for proof please see my review on Zaccone's).  
I don't think this place is stellar, but I think it is the best Mexican you can get in about a 15 mile radius.  
The service isn't great...pretty slow actually.  But I have never been disappointed in my food.
I went this weekend and did a little create your own combo.  Their tamals & chili rellenos are so good...everything else seems to kind of run together in my mind.  Their entrees are usually swimming in cheese.  Personally, I don't think that is the worst thing in the world, but if cheese isn't your thing, Las Margaritas isn't going to be your thing either.
Their little bar scene is always packed.  However, I thnik this is an optical illusion since the bar is the SMALLEST ever.  They need to expand that.
I love their margaritas.  Nice, big & potent.
I mean the name says it all. If this is what passes for Mexican then I dont even know. Basically a Mexican Applebees- in authentic fare. No freshness to the food, a lot of it seems canned and rather bland or overpriced randomly to mask the subpar quality. Dry beef and not the most organized front of house staff. Poor management and it shows. If you like faux Americanized Mexican with overpriced sugar water drinks, then give it a try. If they are going to charge $9 for a marg, I would suggest learning how to actually make a good one (hint: doesnt involve lots of triple sec)  Hard pass in my opinion.
Las margaritas is a great Mexican restaurant with a vast menu devoted to authentic fresh Mexican cooking. They have two locations and while I frequent the Southampton location I decided to stop here with a buddy of mine who hadn't yet tried actual Mexican food. Needless to say he was quite pleased as was I. They always use the freshest ingredients frequently making items in house such as their chips, salsa and guac. The salsa is nicely seasoned with fresh cilantro and the guac is creamy and delicious. Their burritos, flautas, enchiladas are all very good. Excellent refritos and great rice accompany most dinners. They have very good tamale as well made in house. Very dense with a nicely seasoned pork. I haven't ordered anything I haven't liked. The meals are very filling as well so make sure to bring your appetite as they won't dissapoint.
I have been here a few times. The place is always so good.

The food is amazing. The drinks are tasty, and the prices aren't too bad. The cheese fondu with the chorizo is so good! I recommend this as a starter. They always bring out chips and salsa at the beginning. Definitely try one of their very large margaritas. They have many flavors to choose from.

Now if you want to get a seat and not wait then you must get there early. During the day and lunch time it's usually not too bad and very inexpensive, but nights and happy hour is always ridiculously packed. The food is so worth it.

This place is not very big, but the atmosphere is great with great service and great food at good prices.
Good stuff. Never had a bad dining experience. I always leave with lunch for the next day!

AND they make some super strong Margaritas.
Great Mexican food at a good price. It's very rare that I have a problem here, but it has happened.  I suggest the chicken tacos margarita.  Just the right amount of spice.

The margaritas are better than most places
I love this place, just went her tonight for dinner had the chori pollo which i highly recommend have had it three other times always good. 
The chips are awesome as in the salsa and i love  everything ive gotten from here. 
Prices are good a combo with rice and beans only 10bucks.
Its hard for me to pass up a margarita, had the frozen mango tonight delicous, but got the large and couldnt finish it.
I drive about 25 mins to get here from my place so not bad.
This place has great food, the staff are very nice and check on your drinks for refills. I had the Grande Special, which is huge and served on 2 plates. This place gets crowded so come early. I will be back for more mexican dinners!
This place is awesome not only are there prices very reasonable there margaritas are to die for and definitely do the trick if your having a bad day lol the frozen margarita with sugar on the rim is my favorite there proportions are pretty big to you get a whole plate of sides when you order tacos fajita etc
Went there for lunch with a co-worker. Good service, typical Mexican-American menu, and very affordable (cost about $10-$12 for a complete lunch meal). The portions were generous and most importantly, the food tasted good.
This is one of my favorite places to stop for lunch if I'm at that part of the roosevelt blvd.  The margaritas are incredibly strong so one regular sized margarita is enough for a good buzz while you enjoy your meal.

Today I got the crab tacos.  I usually get a seafood dish while I'm there because everything always tastes fresh.  The tacos come with onions and tomatoes so the acidity and sweetness plays nicely against the crab.  On the side they provide a cheese sauce which provides a nice contrast against the tomato. It's simple, delicious, and you can taste every ingredient.

We also got beef quesadilla as an appetizer.  Its was incredibly moist and cheesy.  Normally if you go to a tex mex or mexican-american restaurant you are served up either a greasy mess,or a plane Jane quesadilla with a partially melted block of cheese.  Here the meat is seasoned to perfection and when you order beef it gets filled to the brim.

PSA: There's an avacado shortage so there's a chance that you wont get avacado or guacamole if it comes with your dish.  While we were there they only had tableside guacamole probably because of the upcharge for the labor that goes into it making it worthwhile from a cost standpoint.  It's not the restaurants fault so please still go and visit because there's plenty of delicious items that don't need avacado
Honestly not sure why people rave about this place. The service was awful, waited 20 minutes for waters, and over an hour for food. The food was mediocre at best. The tacos, Mexican rice, and the chalupa which is btw a tostada were all bland and overpriced. There is nothing authentic about this place from the jarred salsa to the strange Aztec? Murals and floating parrots. Definitely not worth another visit.
Went there with my son.  We've have never had and issue till this visit. My son ordered nachos grande, and I ordered nachos with just chicken and beans, no onions or peppers. The server asked if I wanted shredded chicken or grilled. However she did not explain that the shredded came with onions and peppers mixed in. Nor did she say the grilled chicken was $4 more. Our food came out pretty fast but mine had onions and peppers. I explained to our server that I do not eat onions or peppers and could I have it remade with grilled chicken.  That seemed to piss her off and from then on she had an attitude.  Now this time I waited 20 minutes for the remake of food which I'm sure this was done on purpose. My son was finished eating so I just asked for a box.  When the bill comes my food ended up being more then expected. When my son asked the server she said with an attitude well the grilled chicken is more. She then proceeded to argue with my son. Very unprofessional. This used to be one of our favorite places however we will not be returning.
Food was delicious we ordered California steak tacos and burrito casa for dinner with a mango margarita that was sure to make me smile strong! And the best part of my night their flan was delicious! Perfect consistency and flavor I will recommend it and it's very affordable for the great quality of their food! Come check it out
I love this place. I literally couldn't tell you how many times I've been here. It's a great spot honestly.
Service is always quick and friendly, food is delish, and you never leave unsatisfied or hungry. It's ALWAYS busy so expect to wait 45 on weekends.
Do not come here expecting authentic Mexican, it's American Mexican but it's great! My fav things are their chicken Verde enchiladas, mango margarita, and their short rib burrito is awesome.
Go here but go on like a Monday, when it's not crazy packed.
My family and I love Las Margaritas.  The food is consistently good and the drinks are very tasty.  I personally like the Camarones Diablo and its added spicy hotness.  My family has it's regular dishes we like to order - chicken quesadilla, veggie quesadilla, chicken burrito, chicken soft taco, and the queso with beef and salsa - YUM!  even the fried ice cream is a treat.  This place always seems to be packed at rush hours, and is quite noisy but a lot of fun, too!
the food here is authentic Mexican , Mexican chefs actually do the cooking for a real traditional Mexican feast , I've tried almost everything on the menu, and never had a complaint !
I've had Mexican food in the west coast so I am not easily impressed with Mexican food but this place is amazing ... I always order chile rilleno! Chips and salsa is ok ... drinks are pretty strong (margaritas )
Lunch specials are a great deal. They give complimentary chips and salsa while you wait for your food. The decor is heavily Mexican inspired with various bottles of alcohol aligning the wall separating the bar from the main dinning area. It's a festive environment. They also have a kids' menu for all of the picky little ones.   

Servings are on the large size so you'll definitely get the most of your buck.
its delicious!  the margarita's are bangin!  I usually get the chicken chimicangas and they are like CRACK!  only thing is...when its busy, prepare to wait and its crowded!  go early.
This is a must go to Mexican restaurant. The decor and the food are both truly authentic Mexican. Our server was awesome. Being that I'm still cautious about authentic foods I went with the quesadillas and my God they were amazing, and such generous portions! Their margaritas are huge, hubs and I shared one. He got some variety of enchiladas and loved them. He's eaten here more than I have the one time but definitely a place we will return to again. 

As with most restaurants in philly this one is also in a strip mall but don't be deterred. The food will amaze you. I love finding these hidden gems that you'd otherwise just drive by. Growing up in South Jersey the whole Philly dining experience is still very new to me but I'm loving discovering places like this.
Giving this place a 1 star. Bartenders are horrible. Can't even get my drink order right. Margarita tasted terrrrrible...no flavor and bitter (mango and peach). Bartender rarely checked on us. To busy mingling with one single table. Save your money and go to a Chilis or On the Border better yet.
The food is delicious and cheap and plentiful, which is why I wanted to give it four stars. (The menu is overwhelming, and it's all so delicious that I usually do a "pick three" option so I can bring home leftovers!) The refried beans are the stuff of dreams. And if you go there for lunch, it's definitely four stars.

But I made it three stars because, for dinner, it's extremely crowded and noisy inside (the tables are very close together, and the booths are pretty cramped), and a wait for a table can be really, really long. Normally I'm not that picky, but I find myself choosing to go elsewhere because it can be very unpleasant to wait an hour for a table and then be a foot away from a very loud and obnoxious group of people. Plus, the service is pretty average and can be incredibly slow. But the refried beans and the margarita pitchers nearly make it worth it.
I LOVE THIS SPOT!!!!!  Drinks are strong and very on point! I always get mango margarita and crabcake quesadilla with the onions "oh my Lord"!!!! Sometimes the bartenders and waiters seem as though they do not feel like working but never mind that stay for the drinks and food.
This is one of our "go-to" destinations because of their consistently delicious food and top-notch margaritas. The one con is that the place can be crazy, noisy and extremely busy on the weekends especially. The service is good; we've been there dozens of times over the years and can probably count on one hand the times we've had less than stellar service. It is also a tad on the expensive side, but as long as they keep the portion sizes and quality on the high side, that's ok, I guess. 

Pros: good food and drinks, service
Cons: noisy when busy, tad overpriced
Started out a little rough chips were a bit stale and the salsa had regular parsley not cilantro in it. My wife ordered toqetios her favorite and I ordered the grande combo.   The chicken taco was so so,  the rice and beans were really good and the poblano chili relaneo was very good.   It is not as good as  some of the restaurants I have been to. In a pinch I would say it was overall satisfactory.   Would I return?  Not likely.
If you are looking for good Mexican food, you wont find it here. Margaritas are pretty good, and the jumbo lump crab burrito and fish tacos are decent, but definitely not a place you take someone really craving authentic Mexican food.
My friends and I often go here for drinks we usually always sit at the bar for margaritas. When we go we usually have a lady she is super nice and attentive. HOWEVER this time we weren't so lucky. The bartender we had was a bald older guy with glasses. From the moment we sat down he was extremely rude. He barely acknowledged us. We were given menus and we decided what we wanted. For us to order our drinks we had to flag him down. After he slammed our drinks down we had to wait for him to come from the other side of the bar, where he was on his phone showing another employee something. Not once did he look up and realize that we needed help. Once he finally came over and took our order we received our food shortly after. But we didn't get the courtesy "how does everything taste?" "Is there anything else I can get for you?" Yet again my friend had to flag him down to ask for a box. He quickly walked away and got her a box. After giving her a box he walked away fast again. He didn't bother to ask my other friend and I if we needed boxes. So once again we had to flag him down. And ask for boxes and the check. We all paid and when I received my check back he charged my card an additional $7 more than what my bill was. When asked about it he said "give me your card" I asked him what he said and he said "give me your card". He snatched my card from me and went to the register. When he came back he gave me a cancel receipt and told me that I needed to call my bank because my card was declined. Well no shit my card was declined because you are attempting to charge my card AGAIN. Long story short his customer service is TRASH! And he should not work in a customer service environment. His lack of communication and failure to pay attention to what he was doing caused a temporary hold onto my card and inconvenienced ME. I have never experience such lack of professionalism. Not once did he apologize for his actions. If you do decide to go here it's best for you to not sit at the bar unless you like someone messing with your money.
Food are okay in here. The amount for a dish is good enough for two. Somehow the water taste soapy here, which bothers me a lot.
I am quite the Las Margaritas fan! I come here on a regular basis.

First off they start you off with chips and salsa, and the salsa is very very good! I usually order a bowl cheese. The bowl of cheese is like a bowl of  melted america cheese, soooo good! I usually get the combo meal which is very reasonably priced. 

Also the drinks here are very inexpensive. Always a plus!
The tableside guacamole is delicious! Generous portions and lots of choices. All good!
Great Mexican food for a reasonable price. The atmosphere is also a plus as it can be a nice place to take the family or fun spot to go with your friends.
Camarones del Diablo is amazing!!!! So is the Pollo del Diablo, but if you can't handle spicy don't get it! It's no joke!! So good, and so spicy... my mouth is watering as I type! 

The margaritas here are fantastic, and really, really strong! 

In the Northeast- this place is ACES!
This is a great place for Mexican food! Good service and prices. Be prepared for a wait to get a table, but well worth it. Noise level is on the festive side.
Service ok, but the food is amazing!! Super delicious and huge portions for a fair price.  Big margaritas that are plenty strong. Usually a bit of a wait but has a great bar. Quac is made table side to taste. This is our new go to place
This place is great.  Just be prepared for a 30-60 minute wait on a Friday or Saturday night. Once you sit down you are presented with a basket of chips and salsa.  Saturday evenings they have a guy that goes around and makes guacamole dip at your table.  I highly recommend this, it's exceptional.  My favorite is the pick three combo.  You can pick any three traditional Mexican food items for $10.95.  I usually wind up barely finishing half the meal and then eat it for lunch the next day.  Service is usually quick and attentive.  

I'd like to point out that on my last visit (Saturday 11/17/12), the manager was hovering over our table at the end of our meal.  He asked us what we were waiting for and why we were not leaving.  I couldn't believe it.  I told him we hadn't received our check yet.  He came back with the check and stood at our table waiting for us to pay.  I asked him what the deal was, he said he had people up front waiting for a booth.  I told him we'd be a minute since we had to split up the check amongst ourselves.  I found this very rude and was surprised the manager would rush us out like that.
Best mexican food in NE Philly.  Note that I did not say it's the best mexican food ever, or even in Philadelphia.  The food is solid and served in nice sized portions, though not necessarily authentic mexican.  Service is spotty - sometimes stellar, other times dismal.  There's a reason for the name: try the margaritas.
Great prices, fairly solid Mexican fare, and great margaritas. Gets crowded on a weekend night but they're a great lunch spot: solid specials, plus its nice and quiet at that time. Reasonably Veg friendly, and you'll always have leftovers - last time I was there we got nachos and a dinner veg quesadilla for 16 bucks, and I had enough leftovers for 2 more meals.

PS -  my rating considers this place far from true latino food - we're not talking la lupe or veracruzana or tierra colombiana  here.  But for what it is (a fun gathering place with friends who want some cheap grub), it's solid, and I always have a good time
the last time i was there was probably 5 yrs ago soo its probably changed a lot but when i went their i didnt like their food really at all... they hav good tortilla chips tho :D
Well... I just went there a week or two ago and the food was a lot better... I'd still rather go to el azteca, but my family thought it was really good.... AND They still have great corn tortillas and salsa!
I love this place. The margaritas are on point!  Get the monster and you're good to go. Nice for girls night drinks. Actually,  good for any night of drinking. . Food is horrendous though lol.  I like the crab dip. That's about it.  In many opinion, the drinks keeps this place alive.
This is my absolute favorite Mexican resturant!!! I hate the chain Mexican places, this seems truly authentic! 

I order the El Jefe special and highly recommend it!
The food here is so good. I can never finish what's on my plate. My favorite was the Crab Quesadilla. Yum! The drinks are also awesome. I would suggest going not on a Friday/Saturday night because they are always packed after 5 p.m. Hey, even this review is making me hungry for some of their food...
Went there with family group of seven with gand mom and a teenager! Guacamole at the table was out of sight! One tame  and one spicy! The adult Texas Margaritas were great and everyone loved their food.  We'll be back
Only 4 stars because it's a little tight!
Great place, many options and big plates.  Maybe not so authentic, but definitely a good place for a filling and tasty meal.
