When was the last time I've had Mexican food? It
has been many years since, and I had to come all the way to Philly to have a great Mexican meal. This restaurant wasn't on my list, but this impromptu choice turned out perfect. 

The service was exceptional. The pleasant young lady who turns out to be a college student was hostess, barkeep and waitress and she managed to take care of the entire restaurant all by herself. A job well done. 

The Crepes Poblano filled with mushrooms, huitalcoche topped with crema poblano & queso, offered a unique texture and bright flavors, I would definitely have it again. The Torta de Puerco with boneless grilled pork, black bean spread, tomatoes, grilled onions and Mexican cheese; was also unique in texture and flavors. 

Service, food, ambiance and price all sum up to five stars.
So a pitcher of margaritas will set you back fifty bucks. However, said pitcher of margies lasts for quite some time and has enough kick to get three girls pretty tipsy. Highly recommended. 

Our crew also shared an order of guac, which I thought was overpriced and under-portioned at nine bucks. My tortilla soup came in just under seven dollars and was delicioso. 

While I thought the prices were on the spendy side, the quality of everything I tried is enough to get me back for dinner sometime. And you know I'm going to be hitting up those happy hour margs in the very near future.
As we walked the streets oh Philadelphia we got a bit hungry and came across this spot. It was apple lunch time so we did not want a big meal so instead I ordered the chicken quesadillas and my girlfriend had the chicken nachos. The chicken quesadillas were delicious. The tortilla was perfectly charred and the cheese and chicken was absolutely delicious. My girlfriends nachos were just as flavorful and top our surprise the nachos were perfectly crisp. No soggy chips at all, even the ones in the bottom covered by all the greasy stuff. The service was quick and attentive. We loved the place.
Why are we holding out on the five stars people? Too good for them now?

As I live on the cusp of Little Mexico/Vietnam/Pho-town over on Washington Ave., it would be remiss for you to think I haven't had my fare share of authentic (and sometimes down-right scary) Mexican dishes. 

And, if I do say so myself, I think I have a pretty good handle on and pretty solid list of the best Mexican in Philadelphia (Mexican food that is. Sorry, Jose.) Top No. 1 spot is La Jarocha. No. 2 is La Lupe and No. 3 is Taqueria Verecruzana. Fortunately for me, these are all in a five-block radius. 

I took a trip to this new South Street joint (both adjectives lend themselves to a low expectation) just to see if maybe they couldn't disappoint. The setting is small, certainly, and they are trying to be more of an upscale dining date destination, so don't expect an "authentic" feel (read: alley entrance and neon lights). But the food I ordered was fabulous - absolutely delicious. 

Again, the plates are presented and prepared more elegantly (don't worry, the prices are palatable). And so don't expect too much of those traditional sauce sides (that weird green one and the deathly red one) you'll get at authentic restaurants with a free basket of chips. But the mole sauces was absolutely divine and multi-layered with flavors. The bean soup was creamy and perfect! (I could have downed bowls of it's gorgeous light-brown magic). Oh, and the servers outfits are perfectly pressed and very cool; the servers couldn't be kinder.

I hope that Las Bugambilias (the name of a flower) proves the South Street curse wrong and stays around for awhile. Because, you know, sometimes I like to eat my Mexican in a safe place.
Years ago, the idea of a great Mexican restaurant in Center City was almost laughable. To extend that perception further, the typical restaurant-goer might almost never think of the storied culture's cuisine as worthy of especial regard. As of the last decade, we've been fortunate to be the benefactors of the arrival of at least three Mexican-inspired kitchens, so finely crafted and conceived, as to induce one to literally drool at the prospect of visiting them.

Joining Las Cazuelas and Lolita at the top of the city's culinary treasures, Las Bugambilias is conveniently tucked into a modest slot alongside eastern South Street's fixtures, Paddywhack's and the South Street Diner. The space is cozy; read as: reservations highly recommended. Inside, festively arranged music lazily plays in the background, adding to the gentle stupor one settles into when partaking of the bar's more than generous mixtures. I couldn't resist the mojito, and despite its relative sweetness, I'll rate it among the best I've tried.

And of course the food: to die for. My buddies and I stopped in before a  show at the TLA on a Sunday, which I believe may be why the gems they call entrees came to the table so quickly. I was tempted by the pulled pork with plaintain, and, as ordinary a dish as this may sound, the wonder meat was so mysteriously savory as to really make one ponder, how do they do it? The astounding pollo tamarindo that my NY pal inhaled with Hoover-like efficiency is a menu highlight and is simply not to be missed. Even the unassuming dollop of refried beans, served as a side with every main course, is so tasty that it's truly baffling how such seemingly simple foods can be handled with such sophistication.

The portions are generous - bring your appetite. For what you get from the standpoint of taste, quality, and amount, the prices are very reasonable. If there's one restaurant to recommend above all in the QV/South Street area, I'd point to this one without a second's hesitation.
I lived in southern California for a long time so I'm a bit spoiled when it comes to Mexican food. Most of the Mexican spots I've eaten at downtown have been junky to edible at best but this is an exception. I would have given it 5 stars but there are a few rough spots which I'll cover briefly - they aren't huge, just noticeable. 

Overall, the presentation and setting is great. One thing I always thought that was silly is how each place setting has multiple plates per person. I've ordered many different things but it always seems like they remove half of my plates. 

Their salsa and home made chips are great even though you don't get a lot of them. I'm not counting this as a negative because typically your food comes out promptly and being full on chips makes it hard to wade through a big platter of steaming hot delicious food. I've had the (I'm not going to even humor you with my attempt at remembering the Hispanic words for the meals) turkey mole, stuffed pepper and steak (this is awesome!), a few of the shrimp platters, everything has been awesome. Their beans and rice are always fresh, nothing worse than refried-reheated beans, yuck. I've never had deserts there but they do look good, typically I'm stuffed by the end. 

Overall, it's a gem on South st. I'd recommend it. 

On to the few negatives. 
It is a small place. If you want to go on a Thur-Sat evening without a reservation, good luck. If you're out and about and want to drop in with a few friends without a reservation, good luck, they just don't have a lot of seats. 

Since it is small, you're pretty intimate with your neighbors. If you're big on your personal space, this may gig you. I'm amazed the wait staff does such a great job navigating through the tight walkways without spilling food. 

Unfortunately, they do take big parties (8-10) but you'd be buddyspiking everyone elses experience because noise carries in close quarters and you've just absorbed 1/3 of the seats.
You know, honestly this place would get 4 stars if it weren't for the salsa and chips "policy" they have at this restaurant. 

Apparently, you can only get one portion of salsa and chips for free, and then everything else after that is 2 dollars for chips and 2 dollars for salsa. I'm not being a cheapskate... but seriously what restaurant charges for salsa and chips (small portions too). The salsa is pretty good, but the tortillas chips are just old tortillas from the day before... a little ridiculous in my head

And what is further confusing/angering is that it actually says in the menu that "one basket of tortilla chips is provided for each entree. So If you and your boyfriend get an entree each, does that not mean we should get at least two baskets of chips free? Apparently not. Apparently my understanding of that statement was incorrect because what that means to their restaurant is that it's one two share.

So then... what happens if you have 6 people who order 6 entrees. One basket of chips for you.

I don't get it.

Other than the food is pretty decent. The portions are big (definitely will have leftovers) and quality is good. Fresh veggies, salad, really yummy black beans come with your main entree, and the sides are just as good as the entree. it's just too bad when a restaurant will be stingy on something as minor as chips and salsa.
Due to some of the previous Tex Mex restaurant outings that I've had recently I've been determined to find some grand authentic Mexican Post haste. So when a friend who enjoys the cuisine came out for the fireworks I decided to try here on a whim. And in a lot of ways Las Bugambilias definitely lived up to my expectations.

It's a lot more pricier than the other traditional Mexican restaurants you'll find in Philly. But the extra $ goes towards authentic decor, incredible food presentation, and fresh ingredients. So it evens out by my book. our table instantly had complimentary chips bought out to us that were nice and warm. We were also hooked up with two kinds of salsa - garden fresh, and spicy chipolte. probably the best chips that I've had. And the Veggie Enchiladas that I picked up were incredible! Zucchini, spinach, peppers, onions, and carrots rolled in wheat tortilla and smothered in melted chihuahua cheese. I'm getting hungry just thinking about them! And while I went teetotal, I definitely made note of awesome tequilia flights that they have Tuesday-Thursday during the hour of happiness. definitely something I'm going to have to try out.

Due it priceness Las Bugambilias definitely isn't a place that I'll be going to on a regular basis when I have a craving for Mexican. But if I ever need to impress someone it's perfect!
Very underwhelmed with dinner tonight. I remember this place being different from over the summer. I originally thought this was going to be one of my go to Mexican places....not anymore. 

Chicken enchiladas poblanas: lacking in flavor, I would recommend grabbing the De Mole enchiladas over these. The rice and beans were stale, seemed to be sitting out the entire day... Super dry and overall just looked completely different than my old photos. 

Pork Tamale: meh, it was falling apart...soggy. 

They were really busy tonight. We were able to get a seat right next to the door, yayyy us!! It's freezing out and having a toddler on oxygen, the last thing I wanted was to sit by a door that is opening every 5 minutes. 

It took exactly 19 mins from the time we sat down to get water and chips/salsa. We just sat there looking awkwardly at the other families eating around us. 

I'm glad we tried it twice but I would never come back here.
With so many options in Philly for food, the husband and I try not to go back to places too often so we can try someplace new... however, since we discvered Las Bugambilas several months back, we've made our return two additional times.

It's a tiny place with limited seating- be prepared to sit up close and personal to the table next to you. 

The food is amazing... when you sit down, they bring out homemade chips and salsa. The chips are the perfect crispiness and size to accomodate the pico de gallo and spicy salsa. We've gone with groups and have gotten to try a variety of the appetizers and entrees. The nachos are different...in a very good way. Not your typical chips, cheese, sour cream... its thicker..heartier... kind of amazing. The chorizo queso dip is incredible- do not miss it!!

As for the entrees, I have sampled the Mole Chicken Echiladas... and the mole sauce is amazing... the perfect amount of smokyness to balance the slight amount of heat it has to it. It comes with three enchiladas with a side of rice, beans, and guacamole. Most recently I ordered the Fish Tacos... which was such a large portion. The fish was perfectly fried - still delicate inside, but crisp on the outside- and the amount of fish per taco was actually almost too much, that i felt the need to eat several pieces with my fork prior to wrapping up each taco.

As for the pitchers of Margarita, beware... they can serve a small army. We ordered 2 pitchers for our party of 6... and left the restaurant with some leftover after consuming it for over an hour. When the waitress says it could serve 6 people, she actually means it can serve 6 people...not 6 glasses worth.
I was stoked to try this out last Friday night after reading the expert witness of numerous California-transplants testifying to the greatness of Las Bugambillas. Being a recent West Coast transplant myself, I put some stock into this testimony but came up a bit disappointed in Las Bugambillas. The setting and the vibe were right, as were the chips and the drink specials. But our entrees missed the mark. We ordered adventurously, though, and I would give Bugambillas another try as the large menu had a lot to offer from staples to more exotic fare.

Pros
-Setting - the place has a cute, homegrown decor that appears lived and thought out by someone with some real experience with Mexico - a much more authentic vibe than Philly's leading brand Mexican places where favor style over substance (read El Vez, Lolita). 
-Chips - awesome, hot and salty and not too abundant. It's easy to overload on chips, but Bugambilla's modest baskets offer a responsibly-sized sample. 
-Bebidas - happy hour til 7pm features good and fuerte $5 margaritas and $3 mexican beers including my favorites Bohemia, Negro Model and Pacifico. 
-Menu - vast and explorable ranging from everyday favorites like 'cheese enchiladas' to stuff you've never even heard of - pescado tikin xil.  

Cons
Underwhelming Comida - things started off right with the fresh and tasty ceviche mixto but went a bit downhill after that. Ensalada Oaxaca sounded amazing, but was covered in too much, too-strong salad dressing tasting of molasses and tamarind - the ripe tomatoes and avocado in the greens were helpless against fire power of that magnitude. Entrees were the adequate but uninspired cochinita pebil - yucatan-style braised pork shoulder and a frankly bad camarones endiablados - which was shrimp in a sea of tomato sauce and cheese - almost like Italian shrimp parmesan.
YES!  This authentic mexican restaurant sprouted up in our neighborhood all but two months ago...and I'm elated!  I'm always craving good mexican food in Philly and we happily surprised to find and enjoy this place.  A Los Catrines Tequila's spin-off, this seems to have a more low-key "taqueria" take on Mexican food.

Las Bugambilias is located right next to South Street Diner and offers a warm, intimate setting.  The seating is somewhat crowded, but it actually had a good effect: our neighboring party gave us recommendations for the special appetizer of mushroom and cheeses quesadillas and the skirt steak entree.  It's certainly close quarters, but I'm glad they have so many tables packed in there, as we were seated immediately on a Friday night!  

The ambiance allows for a friendly encounter among all.  The staff are very attentive and know the menu well.  I had the three chicken enchiladas con mole, which was hearty and filling.  The complimentary chips and two salsas are authentic and delicious.  I definitely will return to try some of their specialty cocktail drinks, chocolate tres leches cake, and the tortilla soup.  The menu has a selection of seafood, pork, beef and chicken dishes and offers detailed explanations of each entree.  Definitely get the guacamole!

As far as service goes: I happened to forget a personal belonging behind after leaving and the bartender caught up with me 2 blocks away to return it to me on a cold winter night without his coat!  I'm very impressed!  Las Bugambilias did not disappoint.  I intend to return again and again.

Hours: Tues-Thurs, Sun 4pm-10pm , Fri-Sat 4pm-11pm
Places like this represent why Mexican might be my favorite cuisine. This place gets it, fresh ingredients with big bold flavors. There is a ton of variety in the menu and everything is very reasonably priced for the quantity that you get. 

Friday night had a full crowd for dinner. It is pretty small inside but has a nice home style vibe. We were seated promptly for our 8:00 reservation and had great service throughout the meal. 

As previously stated, there is no skimping on their plates. For appetizers I tried to the queso with chorizo and the tamales. The queso was bubbling hot with the perfect amount of spices. The homemade tortillas made for the perfect vehicle to shove everything they offered into my mouth. The tamales were overstuffed with super tender pork. I almost ate the corn husk just to get a last taste of the marinade. My surf and turf entree (the first one listed under the beef section of the menu) was a home run. It came out in a stone vessel that kept it warm since it took a while to take down this heaping mound of deliciousness. A couple smokey shrimp, a tender piece of filet and two giant chunks of chicken breast all in a spicy sauce with onions and peppers among other goodies. It also came with more tortillas, black beans, rice, and guac with a chip in case I wasn't already at capacity. Since everything was so good we had to get dessert to go and the chocolate tres leche and a chocolate strawberry tort were both 5 star worthy. 

Over the course of the night I tried 5 of their margaritas too. On the pricey side at ~$11 but a must have compliment to their cuisine. My favorite was the Jamaican marg although I guess its a bit fruity for a guy. The chipotle pineapple is unique and as a spicy enthusiast I loved it. The blood orange and traditional reminded me of Lolita (that's a big compliment). I can't wait to go back to and try everything else considering everyone else in the restaurant seemed to be enjoying their plates as much as me.
WOW.

My partner John and I have dined at Las Bugambilias several times - and not once have we been disappointed!

It began upon returning from a trip - we decided to not go to the regular haunts - but instead walk around a bit and see if there was anything new to try - - one of the advantages of living in the Society Hill / South Street region is the wealth of dining options available.

As we walked down 2nd Street, we came to South and saw the most unique metal sculpture on the sidewalk - a female skeleton was adorned in colorful garb and standing outside this restaurant, just begging us to enter. So we did. The restaurant is small - seats about 30 total - and honestly that allows you to truly envelop yourself in authentic Mexican food and culture; from the service to the music to the aromas - it's a great dining experience.

As chef and owner, Carlos Molina offers high quality, freshly prepared, Mexican food from three different regions in Mexico. Before opening this spot - Carlos was the chef for the highly-regarded Tequilia's over on 16th street. His attention to detail shows through with every entree.

Currently, John's favorite dish is the Camarones Rellenos; five shrimp stuffed with cheese, pumpkin blossoms, zucchini, and corn wrapped with bacon served with a chipotle sauce accompanied with rice, corn, lettuce and tomatoes. The bite of the chipotle sauce is softened by the hint of pumpkin blossoms. A wonderful dish.

My current fave is the Carne Tampiqueña; a skirt steak wrapped around a jalapeño pepper filled with Chihuahua cheese covered with coriander sauce and served with a mole enchilida, rice, beans and guacamole.

No matter what we try as entrees - we always start our dining experience with a fresh order of guacamole (served within a molcajete) as well as an order of Queso Chihuahua; melted Chihuahua cheese and crumbled chorizo (sausage) or huitacoche, sliced peppers and onions. Served hot, this dish is PERFECT with the heated chips and tortilla that comes along.

BTW - if you (or your dining companion) go to celebrate a birthday - make mention. Not only will you get served a complimentary slice of Pastel de Tres Leches Trifle (which is a traditional three milk cake soaked in Amaretto layered in a trifle with chocolate or berry marlow, fresh homemade whipped cream and seasonal fruit) - but the restaurant comes to a halt as everyone - including the kitchen staff and chef Carlos - come out to sing the traditional Mexican birthday song, Las Mananitas. Quite fun (and yes, it happened to me back in June)!!

Since they do not take reservations, I suggest making your first visit on a weeknight - where you can experience the food and atmosphere at a more casual pace. Weekends have been known to be a tad hectic.

All in all, from my perspective, a dining experience at Las Bugambilias ... bonísimo!!
Las Bugambilias is a quality restaurant, serving quality food and very nice service. Solidly four stars, nowhere near five nor three. The website savored.com (offering 30% discounts on ENTIRE checks, including alcohol for a small fee) was giving away free res's and because mexican is a daily requirement for me.. here we went! The whole experience I thought was really great, especially since I was nervous using a new discount company, heightening the jewwy coupon-like embarrassment I always feel when using some type of promo. We were warmly greeted at the door by my name, which I was pleasantly surprised by, and they had already anticipated our reservation by securing a four-top table all set up and ready to go for us.

Which, thank god, because the restaurant is smaller than, seriously, my living room and we definitely would have waited without a reservation. The tables and chairs are incredibly close together, and the bar only has about four seats. The small theme continues inside the bathroom to a much larger degree. A 5'5" person should not have to bend down to look into the bathroom mirror! But whatev, you get to enter through saloon doors. Nice. The atmosphere is cool and casual, which I liked. Parking wasn't an issue at all, as it's not on the busiest end of south st. 

The four of us ordered a round of margaritas and sangrias. The sangria was pretty tasty, but I thought my margarita was just okay. It wasn't quite as smooth as I would have liked for an 11 dollar pricetag. As everyone else has said, the order of chips and salsa you get is almost laughable if you were to compare to a casual Mexican restaurant. For higher end, it's not that abnormal. The guacamole is reasonable at about $6 and is tasty, but is tiny as well. Highly recommend the soups! All of our entrees were really delish; I thought the standout being my bestie's grouper etc. dish. There were other things with it, but the details are fuzzy. The sauce on the plate was probably my favorite of the night. Entrees run about 

All in all, the total for 4 people including apps, 2 rounds of drinks, and entrees was about 140 dollars. We got 40 taken off our bill due to savored.com, and again I was really  happy that our server put it on discretely without having to ask about it or be reminded. Made for a really smooth process. The restaurant is pretty expensive, you can see, but with the 30% off, I thought it was worth it. Our experience was fun and yummy, but I don't really feel the need to go back anytime soon.
"OK, But Not ¡Olé!"

My virgin voyage at Las Bugambilias was solidly, respectably 3-star.

The tortilla chips were thick-cut and tasted mainly of salt. The accompanying salsas (a soggy pico and a "this is very hot" spread-like concoction) were fine to pass the time.

Sangria (see photo) was straightforward if syrupy. I settled for sips instead of gulps ... and then forgot about it. 

Tortilla soup was served nice and hot as requested, tangy and smooth, and attractively garnished with avocado and cheese, but lacked the healing oomph and roasted nuance of Xochitl's version just up the street. 

The chicken mole (see photo) was in a long line of moles that make me yearn for ... better moles. It was perfectly acceptable but not delicious. The chicken was a bit rubbery and dry and rather than integrating with the sauce, it resisted it. The accompaniments dressed the plate handsomely but did not delight in flavor. The Spanish rice specked with peas and carrot cubes was mulch-like and past prime, the shredded salad sported the weird, though oddly standard Mexican-restaurant choice of Wishbone-esque Italian dressing, the tostones were noticeably pre-prepped, cool and a bit leaden, and the black bean puree was unseasoned and plain.

In all I found Las Bugambilias a pleasant place to dine and a welcome respite from South St. with cheerful, considerate staff, good service and a joyful vibe. I would absolutely recommend it for families, especially on a slower night. But if you're aching for a culinary sensation, Las Bugambilias won't tilt your sombrero.
Just an FYI for anyone considering trying Las Bugambilias...Las Bugambilias is a Restaurant and NOT a Taquería. If you want good low priced traditional Mexican food (Taquería) try La Veracruzana off Washington Ave. This place far exceeds typical Mexican food in flavor and creativity!

So here is the short and sweet on this excellent establishment:
Guacamole - $6.00- great flavor fresh ingredients nice kick 
Sopes Veracruzanos - $6.00- My favorite app by far is the vegetarian sopes with corn, zucchini and pumpkin blossoms...amazing! Better than the beef and chicken sopes...trust me.
Camarones Rellenos - $19.00- Generous size shrimp stuffed with cheese, pumpkin blossoms, zucchini, and wrapped with bacon...very delicious

Restaurant has warm ambience with colorful traditional Mexican paintings/décor accompanied with classic black and white photography. Establishment is cozy NOT small, not the best for large parties (bigger than 6) but blends flavors not associated with typical Mexican cuisine. My favorite Mexican Restaurant  so far.
My friends and I went to Las Bugambilias for brunch yesterday (a Sunday). This is a traditional veracruzana style restaurant. We were pleasantly surprised to find that they offered a $15 brunch buffet, as well as still offering a-la-carte. After consideration of what the buffet offered, half of our group did a-la-carte, and the other half did the buffet. I had the buffet, which was phenomenal. Everything was super fresh and replaced very often. They offered these delicious potatoes, salsa verde chilaquiles, huevos a la Mexicana, a bean dish, some Mexican hot cakes, some Mexican pastries, waffles (freshly made right in front of you), fruit, baked goods, coffee, this special Mexican coffee, juice, etc. 

The chilaquiles were phenomenal! They were so fresh, and perfectly made in my opinion. However, they were not my favorite option of the buffet. The potatoes they made were some of the best breakfast potatoes I have ever indulged in. Topped with some of their pico de gallo and spicy salsa (on the side), I could literally not stop eating them. As well, the Mexican coffee (the name is slipping my mind) was fantastic - I must have had at least 4 cups.

The rest of the group who had ordered a-la-carte ordered the traditional mole chicken and the chicken quesadillas. Both people had great things to say, and both of the dishes looked extremely appetizing. The wait staff was also super friendly, and even the owner came out to make sure everything was up to par!

In terms of mexican cuisine in Philadelphia, this was my favorite that I have come across at this point. Very authentic and a lovely experience. We will definitely be heading back here for brunch again!
Finally a decent margarita! I can't testify to their food, but their margs are large, wonderful, and decently poured and priced.

I stopped in around 3pm on sweltering Sunday afternoon, and this place was dead. We were told to sit wherever we pleased, so we snagged a cozy table in a window nook. Our initial hostess, who gave us our silverware, was delightful, but informed us that our waitress was new and having a rough day. I thought it was very thoughtful of her to look out for the training server.  

Since the margs ran from $9-13, my friends and I discussed the possibility of the three of us sharing a pitcher. The kind hostess informed us that the pitchers were $47 and harbored anywhere from 10-12 drinks. My crew wasn't feeling that ambitious, so we ordered two traditional margs on the rocks and one blood orange.

These margaritas were huge! We nursed our drinks for almost an hour, and I definitely felt a bit of a buzz. I would have been on the floor with a second drink, no doubt. I ordered the traditional and was over the moon to have finally found a good marg! Not long ago, I paid $14 for a watered down margarita at a different establishment, so in comparison, your dollar goes a long way here. The best part? Our traditional margaritas were only priced at $6 a piece when the check came! 

I'd definitely come back here, and maybe next time I'll make it past the drink menu.
Another quality YELP find!
I brought the husband to Philadelphia for a long weekend.  It was almost 5:30 on a Friday night, and we wanted to eat before exploring.  Sometimes using the map and filters instead of the list search is more helpful and is how I came across this amazing find.
One tip or review suggested reservations are a good idea as the restaurant is fairly small.  The hostess who answered took our reservation but did say they were booked solid after 7.  We later saw just how booked she meant, very happy we called ahead and got there around 6:15 before the crowds came.

Our cab from center city ($8) dropped us off.  If you were driving you may miss it, it does have a very small sidewalk seating area and entry.  Once inside there is about a 6 seat bar.  We were greeted and seated right away, the waitress brought our menus, chips and homemade salsa almost immediately.  Warning the hot salsa is HOT.  Since we read the reviews we were fairly prepared to order.  We both had margaritas ($11 each) me the spicy pineapple, the husband had the x-rated.  Both were awesome, you can appreciate that these were made with care, and quality ingredients.
For entrées, I ordered the del Mar enchilada (stuffed with shrimp, crab, lobster) topped with cheese, sauce & a side of rice - OMG, so delicious! First it was huge and we could have shared, second the quality of ingredients is once again noticed and takes a great entree to a new level.
The husband had the fish tacos, 3 tacos with battered fish, avacado, sauce, cheese & side of rice.  Another quality dish, and these were no Gorton fish fillets, but obviously fresh fish prepped and cooked here.
We had one more margarita each, and split the chocolate sponge cake soaked in three milks, amaretto and kahlua for dessert.  
This was an amazing meal, one we would have missed without YELP.  We left full, not stuffed, and we were off to enjoy south street.
I really wanted to like Las Bugambilias more than i did. The spot, right off Headhouse Square is much smaller than I had imagined, with a tiny bar up front that puts out a decent margarita. The cocktail list is awfully pricey though. 

The cochinita pibil wasn't available, so I had the enchiladas mole, which were really good. My wife's enchiladas verde were just as good. 

Our tamale appetizer was cold and crumbly however, a disappointment after it was recommended by our server. 

I'm not rushing back, there's too many other Mexican options, but Las Bugambilias is definitely a serviceable option. I was just expecting more.
This is the best Mexican spot in Philly.  The staff was unbelievably friendly, especially considering that we were there passed closing time - we swallowed our food as soon as we realized they were closing shop.

Fantastic drinks and nachos.  I love that they have the thick cut tortilla chips.  Already have my next night here on the calendar... can't wait to get back!
If you are looking for good quality authentic mexican food this is the place. The food here is really tasty and really special.  You can tell a lot of heart goes into this restaurant.  The atmosphere is friendly, the food is excellent, and the service is spot on. A Philadelphia foodie MUST.
Went to Las Bugambilias this past Saturday night. This time I took the wife so she could experience the flavors of Las Bugambilias. This was her first visit and I wanted to make sure she had a good experienced as I did on my first visit. 

The experience did not start out so well. We were placed at a table located at the very back of  the restaurant. This place struggles to seat as many people as possible so they placed a table where they shouldn't have. The table needs to be completely pulled away from the corner in order for someone to get in or out.  I can tell the two people with their backs to us with the party of four sitting adjacent from us, were uncomfortable as they were not able to leave their seats as well. If one of those individuals had a need to use the restroom, it would have disturbed my dinner. It was bad enough that every time someone  went to the the bathroom, the saloon doors would swing and hit my chair forcing us to push the table further into the corner. This issue could have easily ruined the experience as I can tell my wife was a little uncomfortable. If not for anything else this table should be removed for emergency purposes. In addition to this matter our  drinks were pretty mediocre. My wife had a margarita and I had the Vodka margarita and they both were pretty awful. 

Once we received our appitizers things started to look-up. We ordered the empanadas and Guacamole. When ordering empanadas, I expect to receive two crispy pastries. The empanadas were served covered in tomatillo sauce. It is not what I am used to, but it certainly worked. The empanadas managed to stay crispy despite being covered in tomatillo sauce, and it only enhanced the flavor of the empanadas. My wife loves guacamole she tries it at just about every Mexican establishment we visit. She had nothing but praise for the  guacamole here. Ok things are picking up.

When the entree's arrived my wife couldn't believe the amount of food sitting in front of her for just three fish tacos. They don't over do the portions here, but if you leave here hungry, that sounds like a you problem. I ordered the same thing I had on my last visit, the Cochinita Pibil. I was all happy to dig in when....BOOM....the saloon doors hit the back of my chair for the fifth time. This table really needs to be removed. So as I was saying the entree's arrived and everything looked good.  The pork was not bad but tasted slightly different from the last time I had it. I was wondering if it was because I got the first batch of the day when I was there for lunch compared to going there at 8:30 at night. Like I said it wasn't bad by any stretch and every piece of pulled pork never made its way back to the kitchen. My wife truly enjoyed her fish tacos. Her only complaint was that the batter was a little too moist. 

I almost removed a star from this overall dining experience due to  a poor seating location. Like I said, it almost ruined my wive's first experience and the joy I get from taking her places for the first time and watching her enjoy herself. However I didn't want my review to diminish the quality of the food, or the quality of the service at this place because both are way above average. I will be back here again of course....but please move that table.
First of all, there should be $$$ instead of $$ for this restaurant - talk about pricey !!!

Food was decent, nothing special. 

Place is small. 

Waitress charged my CC twice possibly because she was rushing around with limited help. No good, but they fixed it.

Not a fan overall. The outdoor skeleton decor lured me in, and I guess I had higher expectations.

Plenty of great Mexican restaurants in Philly - El Rey, El Vez. El Camino, Los Segundos - better than this for sure.
Cinco de Mayo celebration! We went here with 3 people for dinner and drinks on Cinco de Mayo. We got there around 6pm and there was a 30-40 minute wait. We got margaritas while waiting and got a table around 640pm. The restaurant is very small, but quaint. It is eclectically decorated and has a very casual vibe. 

Drinks: Between the three of us, we tried the house margarita, the mango margarita, the spicy chipotle margarita, and the wildberry margarita (cinco de mayo special). They were all delicious! 

Food: We started out with the fresh guacamole and chips. They also provide you with chips, pico de gallo, and a spicy salsa free of of charge. For our entrees, we got enchiladas with mole sauce, chicken molcajete, and mole tradicional. For dessert, we got the powdered sugar cookies with Mexican coffee, a chocolate pudding dish, and a cinnamon churro ice cream dish. 

We will definitely be back!
I've eaten here once, and it offered the best enchiladas I've ever had.  The mole sauce is amazing...like nothing I've ever eaten.  Superb.  Get it.  I don't recall if there were other selections besides enchiladas, but that appears to be their forte. Wash them down with a pitcher of sangria.  

The place is small and a little cramped, but service was prompt and pleasant.  You can't beat Society Hill on a pleasant fall night...it is a great evening stroll.
Authentic Mexican in the heart of Head House! Came across this place after family recommended and were blown away by its authenticity and delicious dishes. This is not typical Tex Mex or Americanized Mexican. If you want fajitas, this isn't the place for you. However, everything is great, portions are huge, staff is super friendly and prices are reasonable. Not a BYO but drinks are huge- you get great bang for your buck! Will definitely be returning.
I've been on a mission to find the best Mexican food in Philly and have a tough Mexican girlfriend to please as well. So I was very happy to find this local, authentic Mexican joint right around the corner.

We stopped in for brunch first thing on Sunday morning and there was nobody else there yet (cold and early), just how I like it. The scenery has a relaxed, authentic feel without trying too hard and the servers were very welcoming. Was slightly surprised to not have a separate brunch menu, but I was ready to dig in. 

Started with a Spicy Pineapple margarita and was not disappointed. The spice infused tequila lived up to its calling. Girlfriend ordered a michelada, which came in a glass about the size of her head. Again spice level was great and full of flavor. +1 for presentation. For food, we ordered the chilaquiles verdes and a tortas mexicana style and the sinaloa style ceviche (which they actually forgot, but worked to our benefit because the portions were very generous). I devoured my chilaquiles and loved the green sauce and the tenderness of the chicken which was cooked to perfection. The side rice, beans, and salad added good flavor balance to the plate and helped cleanse the palate. Very filling for a 'brunch' meal, but I loved it. Didn't get a chance to try the tortas or ceviche, but will definitely be back to try their dinner and homemade desserts soon.
I stumbled upon this amazing place one chilly afternoon in Philly. Their Mexican Hot Chocolate is to die for! Especially on a cold day, it warms you right up and is absolutely delicious. As for the food, you simply cannot go wrong. Their menu has a lot to offer, highlights include:
1. Torta de Puerco Desebrado (Slow oven roasted pork Mexican style, black bean spread, avocado, queso panela, tomato, onion & lettuce) 
2. Sopa Tampico (Chileancho (dried, smoked, poblano), chipotle, tomato-seafood base w/ dicedcarrots, celery, leeks, shrimps, crabmeat & grouper)
3. Traditional Sopa de Tortilla: Tomato & corn masa based soup made w/ chile de arbol & guajillo garnished w/ tortilla croutons, queso frsco, avocado, crema Mexicana & pinch of chile Pasilla.
Overall, excellent food! The ambiance is a bit crowded, but cosy. The service was fine both times I went there.
Bugambilia's is very small... not much more than about 30 seats with an oddly prominent bar (right up front, where their sweat-panted/shirted hostess sits and reads literature in her waist-length scarf) and hotel-lobby lighting.

Right out of the gate, the drinks were first to disappoint. The chipotle pineapple margarita was served in a salt-rimmed highball glass with lots of ice cubes, and tasted mostly of pineapple, salt and water.  For $11 I'd like a bigger serving, and something a bit more complex, at that.

There were only about 8 other diners at the time, but our server seemed impatient, as if our presence was merely a distraction.  When my dad asked they give you salsa and chips, she didn't indicate that they did, but instead pointed to the nachos on the menu.  We convinced him not to take that option, and 10 minutes later, our server came out with complimentary chips and salsa.  Why didn't she say before that it is included?! 

The chips came with two reasonably good sauces. The first was a standard, mild pico de gallo, with fresh ingredients, and the second was a spicy mole/adobo-chipotle mix, that we were able to mix into our entrees to add spice.

Between the four of us, we had four different entrees: Enchiladas with bright pea-green Poblano sauce was pretty good, but perhaps lacking in spice.My dad had the lava bowl, which was, indeed, served volcanically hot, with a bubbling red sauce, and chunks of beef.  Of all the dishes we had, this was probably the spiciest.

At the end of the day, Bugambilia's isn't bad.  Most food items were competently executed, but the meal was only average among mid-range Mexican, and memorably eclipsed by the quality and cost of their mixed drinks.
I have only been once so far, but I am absolutely in LOVE with this place. My Dad and Mom were coming up to visit my sister and I, and they asked if I knew any good Mexican restaurants around. I threw out the stock names, but they were all booked (Xotchil and El Vez) so I turned to yelp for a hand. Everyone who reviewed this place was spot on. 

Atmosphere: Cozy, a little jammed because of how small it is, but I never felt trapped like I do in restaurants that are very tiny. Very cool glass and dishware. The room felt so cheerful after being out in the blustery cold all day with them, very warm and inviting but not over the top gaudy and over the top  like some other ethnic restaurants.  

Food: I can't find the name of the dish I got, but it was unreal! It came out in a stone bowl filled with shrimp/steak/chicken as well as some sort of sauce. You had to dig in with a fork and then make a burrito. It was quite messy, though, because at one point I went to get something out of it and the fork flew out and sauce rained on the people next to our table. Thankfully they were cool!

Service: Very polite, no one was lingering over us or pointing out that we were butchering the names of the dishes. Everything came out really fast, and everything we had was piping hot. 

I usually avoid South Street like the plague, but I'm glad I went anyway. Though I went with my family, the restaurant seems custom fit for people dating. I am actually planning on taking my date there on Sunday. 

I wish there was a place like this nearer to where I live.

Downsides: The location, since South Street is kinda blah, or "flash mobby" if you will. However, for food this good it's worth the trip.

Las Bugambilias is added to my top 5 restaurants in Philadelphia. For real.
Found this place randomly on Open Table.  The menu looked good (and they serve conchinita pibil, which I adore), so we decided to try it out.  Service was friendly and attentive, but not overbearing.  Food was excellent.  Very authentic, well prepared, and well presented.  Atmosphere is very agreeable.  I would give them a 5, but my friend felt his cocktail was a little bit lacking in the alcohol department.  Pour those drinks a little heavier, and you'll have them lining up out the door.
I will start this review by saying I am going to give this place another chance as I want them to succeed and I think it's possible to iron out their problems given they do have a long run as restaurant owners. My husband and I arrived on Friday night at around 830. We called and put our name in and were giving the impression they were very crowded. Upon arrival there were only a few tables taken. We indicated we wanted to sit at the bar and have a drink first. No one asked us for our drink order. Multiple people worked behind the bar cutting up limes, squeezing lime juice, organizing things.... they all busily worked while trying to move around a mop leaning against the bar and a giant custodial bucket on wheels behind the bar.We just sat there. After a bit of time we asked if we could be seated. We were escorted to a table. Once again no one came to take our order. We then waved over the hostess and she took our order. After several attempts to order a drink containing tequila, we could not succeed as they were out of our first three tequila orders. The hostess returned to the hostess stand and straightened menus and those behind the bar continued to do preparation tasks. After 40 minutes in the restaurant with almost no customers we got up and left.
Stopped by Las Bugambilias for a Mexican brunch yesterday with the girl and a friend.  As covered before, the restaurant is rather small inside and full of interesting Mexican themed decor. What I want to stress is the excellent way in which my Tree Nut allergy was handled by the hostess/server during my visit. She discussed the ingredients of both what I and my girlfriend ordered and ensured me that I would be safe. 

I started out with a generously poured and delicious Red Sangria, the gf with an equally strong Margarita (on the rocks, of course). We all  split the gaucamole, which was delicious and fresh and went well with the pico.

For our entrees, I went with the Chilaquiles Verdes, the gf with the Enfrijoladas and our friend with the Torta Vegetariana. All came with a neat little salad and some fresh fruit garnish. All three of us gave Las Bugambilias a thumbs up, we left very satisfied with the drinks, food, service and price.
Went for breakfast on our 2nd day visiting Philly and it was definitely a great choice! My bf and I started off with a cafe de holla and pan. To our surprise it came with a slice of orange on the rim which gave it a delicious tangy aftertaste. My bf got the chilaquiles w/ steak and I had the huevos y carne and one enchilada (eggs and steak cooked medium well). Our food was cooked to perfection, everything tasted amazing. it was an wonderful arrangement of different tastes and colors in our plates.

Not to mention, we couldn't help but admire how authentically decorated it was. Great little place to eat and if I am ever in Philly again, will def. be going back!!
Philly has like a total of 10 good Mexican joints and this is one of them. The margs are fantastic. The salsa is actually spicy. The staff is unbelievably helpful and kind. Sitting outside is a freaking gem. Get the ceviche because it's so yummy.
Found this cute little mexican place in Old city. Tried some margaritas which were great! Interiors, plates and bowl are very reminiscent of Mexico - you will see a lot of colorful ceramic around. Definitely a great addition to Old city bar hopping scene.
I've eaten here three times and found the food to be consistently very good, the service attentive and friendly, the decor and atmosphere cheery, comfortable, and welcoming. The mixed drinks are quite tasty, the guacamole superior, salsas with the chips above average- plus, they bring both a mild salsa cruda and spicy salsa picante with high quality chips. 

And the entrees....never had a bad meal here, nor have my dining companions. The enchiladas verdes were prepared well and, as with most of their dishes, offered a more than adequate portion size. The sides were good and appropriate. The people I was with had the pulled pork and the spicy shrimp. Both tasted great and offered substantial portions, though I thought the shrimp was a little tame given its description.

The dining room is crowded and I've always had to wait for a table here....but it's well worth it! Best Mexican food I've found in Philadelphia.
Who doesn't love this place!? Honestly..so good!! The last few times I've been I have sat at the tiny bar and made small talk with the bartender when he gets a sparse free minute. Super friendly, makes BOMB margaritas with super fresh ingredients! He's there juicing the limes etc right there at the bar...fresh and delicious takes time people!! 
As for the food..top notch! I absolutely love the enchiladas verde, flautas and guac. They give you two different salsas to start. One is a fresh pico and the other is a little spicier..both, oh so good! The menu is large enough you can easily find something for everyone. 
It's a small place and is often pretty busy but you can always slide up to the bar or a table will turn over quickly. They even have a couple small tables outside for when the weather is nice. 
Just found out they have a happy hour and you better bet I'll be back soon!!
If I was a bigger Mexican food fan this could potentially be five stars. I dont do spicy, so I am limited here, but I loved what I ate. It was some sort of delicious and non-spicy fresh fish dish with shrimp and the best fried plantains I ever had. The tortilla chips were also the best I've ever had, even though the salsa was too spicy for me. I love the art on the walls, photographs of old Latino movie stars, the plates, everything about it's quaintness and warmth. It is definitely a crowded little space, so the volume level can be a minus, unless you are drunk and want to be really loud yourself - which isn't too hard with the Mexican beers (Soles? My new favorite). Service is nice, everything was lovely and delish. Kisses to the Bugambilias, whatever they are!
Want to write a quick update about the lunch here, as I have started coming here more often for lunch now. It is a good bit better deal at lunch than at dinner for a couple of reasons. First, they offer specials if you eat in on different days of the week. Second,they offer 10% off your lunch order if you take it to go, and usually a larger appetizer (for $8-$10) is big enough for a not huge lunch, so it actually becomes a pretty good deal.

Dine-in lunch specials on weekdays (not sure it covers the higher end ones):
Monday: Quesadillas and tacos al pastor: $7 (normally about $8, but with no beverage; not sure if seafood quesadillas are covered)
Thursday: Tortas and salads: $7 (normally about $8 for salads and $10 for tortas, but with no beverage)
Friday: Enchiladas: $10 (normally about $15)
These also come with a non-alcoholic beverage included and you can add a small sized soup for an additional $3.

Al pastor tacos are quite good for lunch (probably best in Philly I have had after Tamalex), as are the sopes, and the tortas are pretty good too, and are a decent enough size. Tamales are also nice for lunch, and I think they have them every day, which is really unusual in Philly.

See previous note for dinner items and favorite food items generally.
Yay, the first Mexican place in Philly that I've tried and love! Texas has spoiled me on Tex-Mex and Mexican food, and this place is solid.

Their homemade guacamole is very fresh, and they don't squeeze a lot of lime into it like many places do. I don't like lime at all in guac and it tasted lime-free! 

The chicken quesadillas come as 4 large pieces and have a TON of chicken in them topped with a few slices of avocado. It's all freshly cooked, shredded chicken, not the big chunks of chicken. It's rolled in melted cheese and very flavorful. 

If you like fruity margaritas, but not too sweet, get the X-rated margarita! It's a regular margarita on the rocks with X-RATED Fusion liquor in it which is a blend of orange, mango and passion fruit flavors. Top notch taste, strong, and maybe $9-$10. 

The staff was very kind and fun, so that's always a plus. Most of the menu items ran $9-$12, so that's pretty good for big city prices. 

My only improvement recommendation would be to offer salsa with the quesadillas. We didn't get chips and salsa served to us like in other reviews - maybe it was because they were busy during the South Street Festival. 

The place is small inside, maybe a dozen tables, but it was fine on a Saturday afternoon. 

We can't wait to go back and try other menu items plus more X-RATED margs. :)
The food looks decent, but we never actually got to try it due to the service we received when we arrived. The service started out fine, but gradually progressed from very disheartening to atrocious. 

Although we didn't have a reservation, we were told that a table would open up in 20 minutes, to which we gladly put our name down and patiently waited for our seats. Twenty minutes later, an outdoor table opened up and we were given the option to sit there. Since it began raining and there were no parasols, we agreed to sitting there as long as we could move to the next available indoor seats once they opened up. We were even willing to take seats at the bar, if those were going to be available sooner. 

After sitting outside holding our umbrellas, it took at least 15 minutes for our server to give us menus and the server never came back to take our drink order. This was 1.5hrs after we initially put our name down. Meanwhile, a table of 4 which came in after us and sat at the other outdoor table was already receiving their entrees. At that point, I walked into the restaurant to ask about our MIA server and saw two open seats at the bar, which we ended up moving to (these seats had been vacant, but no one had come out to let us know as promised). While we were sitting there, the bartender never made eye contact with us and left us with dirty glasses and graying guacamole stains from the previous customers. After a while, I politely asked the bartender to remove the dirty glasses and stains, but the bartender acted as if we were bothering her. 

Having worked as a server in busy, high volume restaurants for 3 years during college, I'm pretty understanding of delays if I can see good effort (good communication, hustling, a good attitude under pressure), but this was not the case. I don't mind waiting, but we were very hungry and I would have liked to know if we'd have to wait 2 hours so we could decide whether to get food somewhere else. We could have had an entire meal somewhere else during that time, but instead we ended up having to go to another restaurant near their closing time, which was completely unnecessary. Despite that, the other restaurant's staff was friendly and attentive. I'll definitely know where to go next time I'm in the neighborhood.
Real nice Mexican food in a relaxed setting. Authentic cuisine that delivers. One of the best Mexican restaurants in Philadelphia at great neighborhood prices.
Look, I've always been against authentic Mexican food... BUT LAS BUGAMBILLAS. I can die in peace.

2 Words: Queso Chihuahua 
Anything with that queso on top is to die for. You will literally look at this menu for 20 min & still have no idea what to order. #1 get a pitcher of sangria (blood orange) #2 Order the Puntas Nortenas it's amazing.  Things can get a bit pricey here but they don't skimp out!

Not to mention this place is adorable with the decor it delivers. I can't wait to go back here.
Great service, cool decors, convenient location, delicious guacamole.
I gotta say it was probably most fresh/chunky guacamole that I've ever tasted. 

I ordered Enchiladas with mole sauce and it was great. It was my first time trying the mole sauce and it was interesting chocolate-based sauce that went well with everything else on the plate. It would've been nice if there was more rice,though. 

It might be little more $$ than other mexican restaurants but it's a must-try restaurant on South st.  =)
Good food and good atmosphere. The enfrijoladas are amazing and are a must try for sure. It's a little small inside so making a reservation is good idea.

My only complaint is that the food and service can be inconsistent.
So, so delicious! The margaritas are by far the best in the city! Fresh refreshing delightful. Cozy atmosphere warm and friendly. Won't break the bank, and I always have left overs. Come in and enjoy!
Perfection! The food is the best Mexican i have ever had and nothing like chain Mexican or even worse the Mexican Post. Everything is fresh and delicious. My personal fav is the carne tampiquena. drunks are great too and they have a happy hour special with $5 margaritas. the servers are fantastic--very friendly but not overbearing. You can tell the chef came from Tequilas because its a similar style of cooking but I don't think its as pricey. You can also find parking which is always a plus. I can't say enough. I used to live down the street but I am now 20 minute drive and I drive here all the time--can't get enough.
Las Bugambilias is a great place to go for quality Mexican food and a lovely homely decor.  It's decorated so nicely that I often feel like I"ve been transported away from the craziness of South Street and into Mexico.

They start you off with some tortilla chips and salsa.  It's fresh and yummy but I do wish they would give you more chips esp if you order the guacamole as an appetizer.  I also like ordering the nachos de la frontera!

I've tried a few entrees and for the most part, they have been really delicious.  The chile rellenos, enchiladas verde, & the poultry dishes are always great choices.  However, their seafood dishes that I've had have never been good -- I do not recommend ordering seafood from them!    

Overall, good service, cheerful decor, & great food - minus the seafood!
Walked in with a friend late on a weekday, and I'm so glad that I did. 

Great service, first of all! The folks here are way friendly and non-pretentious. I appreciated that they took all of our requests into consideration and that our waitress was particularly knowledgeable about the menu. Of course, this review is mostly about the food, and it doesn't disappoint.

Having just come back from El Paso, Phoenix, etc., I've had my fill of good food. While this place is going to be pricey for what you pay in comparison, the quality is just as high. Fresh veggies and fruit, and absolutely delicious meats and beans tasting like they came straight from grandmom's kitchen. My only complaint is that I asked for my food very spicy, and it came out mild. Maybe it's just the chiles this year (they were weak down in the SW), but man, what a bummer. That and the price bring this place down a star for me, but I would argue that it's one of the better value places for Mexican in the area. You still get a ton of food, and it's absolutely to die for delicious and authentic.

I'll be back!  You've made my list:)
Amazing food.  Fresh, delicious and full of flavor.
I had the Empanadas, the Tacos Camaron, and the Tacos Pastor.  I opted to have the Empanadas vegetarian, and I didn't miss the meat one bit.  They were savory and flavorful.  Tacos Camaron were amazing.  Creamy delicious sauce and cheese with shrimp cooked to perfection.  Lastly the Tacos Pastor were probably my favorite.  Pork mixed with Pineapple with a light and refreshing sour cream and a squirt of lime made them heavenly.  I WILL be ordering from this place on a regular basis.  Can't wait to bring my friends here to have some drinks and an amazing meal!  DON'T PASS THIS UP! Rivals any of the food on or around South Street!
This place was authentic, but that does not mean it was good. 

The atmosphere was bright, loud and claustrophobic.  Tables were much to close, not only left to right but front to back.  Just walking through the place was an uncomfortable experience.

The drink menu was overwhelmed with Margaritas made with vodka.  That seemed an odd choice for authentic Mexican.  We each ordered one, they arrived at our table about 25 minutes later (after I asked the waitress about them).  They were not in my opinion good.

We ordered guacamole which came in a tortilla shell that was stale, the accompanying chips were also stale.  The guacamole itself was uninspired but passable. 

Dinner arrived and it followed the quality of the rest of the meal.  The meet in my dish was rubbery and tasteless, the sauce was very good, but the flavor did not translate to the rest of the dish.  the place was so cramped and the tables so small it was hard to eat.

I have been told this is a good lunch place, I think they need to learn the difference of expectations between lunch and diner.
The Ceviche Mixto is delicious. It's a popping amalgamation of some cooked fish - shrimp and things - and some raw fish, along with chunks of mango, tomato, onion, and herbs that just makes your mouth smile. The Mixto donates a variety of flavors and textures to your longing tastebuds: there's sweet, sour, umami, creamy, chunky, smooth, and crunchy. Give this dish a shot: you'll be super pleased. Use it as a dip for your slightly plump, perfectly golden, delightfully crunch chips and you'll be even happier.

Everything else is good. The Spicy Shrimp dish served over a bed of herbs and non-Romaine greens was tasty. The sides of beans were black, creamy, and topped with the essential Mexican cheese.
I look at this place and it's just slightly below the threshold of "over the top". I'm not sure why certain venues serving ethnic foods find the need to go overboard into cliche like levels of decor. I'm glad they pushed they envelope but then had a little restraint. Regardless though, I think the Mexican decor movement has been tired for 20 years and actually brings the experience down for casual diners. Why not go modern ala their counterparts 100 miles NE (Pampano, Rosa).

Also there's a difference between "good" domestic Mexican cuisine and "authentic" Mexican cuisine. If a place like this was serving "authentic" regional Mexican then most people in the Philly area would be upset at the spice, dishes they're unaccustomed to, and that "mole" is not the "mole" they've been having. See Mexico City for authentic cuisine (or Oaxaca region).
Can't believe I haven't heard of this place before. Live a few blocks away. It was great. Got the salsa verde enchiladas.
This restaurant clearly has changed staff and cooks. I was excited to visit the new location but this was such a disappointment. This food used to be my favorite but now it has tasteless food and terrible service. Do not get tacos here, they have one tortilla, rather than two, no flavor not even salt and they make you wait forever to get service.  Also the staff were not familiar with the foods I was ordering. How are you going to have unknowledgeable staff? We also asked if we could have a change to an order and they came back giving us the plate as is and said they couldn't adjust the order. How is someone going to assume we'll get the plate if it won't be adjusted? Very rude and presumptuous. Please don't waste your money or time here, it's not the same as before and it's a shame. Do not go here.
Enchiladas and tamales! So good. We found this place while looking for an ATM to go to another Mexican restaurant. I'm so glad we did. The tamales are probably the best I have ever had, which is saying a lot. The enchiladas are pretty good too, I just wasn't able to eat more than a couple of bites due to how full I was from the tamales. Their chips and salsa. OMG. I love their chips, crunchy, fresh and made in house. I kept asking for spicy salsa... boy, did I get more than I expected. It was so spicy. They offered a non spicy salsa also, which I mixed the two together.
Absolutely AMAZING food!

We stopped in here to fill up after working the long weekend at the Philly Tattoo Convention and it was better than we could have even hoped for!

The soup that I had was ridiculously delicious.  The hot molten bowls of meaty goodness that the boys ate had them drooling for more, even after their stomachs were completely full.  

The only thing that I regret is not having room for desert...
This is my first review in a while and I can think of no better return to the world of Yelp than singing the praises of Las Bugambilias! Went with the s/o for his going away dinner. We were seated right away and even though the space was small, we weren't at all uncomfortable and the waitress was so nice and super attentive. Guacamole was great. I had the molcajete arrachera and he had some sort of chicken that was served in a lava bowl. Both were amazing and came in generous portions. I  was tempted to take off one star because they didn't have most of the dessert menu available the night I went, but the special dessert they did have (sweet plantains, vanilla ice cream with fresh caramel sauce was well worth me having to me rolled out of there on my side because I was so full. (Although the XXX margaritas may have had something to do with that too!)
This place is outstanding. I've gone there 3 times now, twice for brunch and once for a friend's birthday party. It's a small spot and we were a party of 12 and got a bit rowdy on account of all the tequila, but the staff couldn't have been nicer. 

The food is always great and the micheladas are completely addictive but where this place really shines is the service. They're warm, friendly and inviting and every time I leave, I can't wait to go back. I honestly could not recommend another place in this town higher than Las Bugambilias.
I've been here several times.  Most of the time, I randomly order different dishes and never have I gone wrong.

The guacamole is excellent, and the steak is cooked just right. The margaritas are on the stronger side, which we like. They also have a very good selection of beers.

I recommend getting the Mexican coffee (which is sweet and has a small amount of alcohol) with your dessert. 

The service here is very good, but make sure to make a reservation if you have a large party during peak hours. This is not a big place and fills up quickly! We always go around 5 to 6pm.
After moving here 3 years ago from south Texas I have finally found a place with genuine Mexican food! Not only was their food great but they give you free chips and salsa which weirdly (and stupidly) never happens in center city. 
    My friend and I went for happy hour and both got house margs which were good but I felt like I needed more tequila in mine..2 minutes later the bartender brought me over a shot of tequila to put in. I wouldn't of minded paying for the extra tequila but when I got the bill at the end of the visit I realized I was not charged for it. Not only was the bartender great, but our server was delightful. When my friend stated she wanted the nopales salad but had never had cactus before the waitress said she would bring out a sample.        To eat we got the chicken mole enchiladas and tacos pastor-both delicious. 
     My only complaint would be the price point is a little high for what it is but with the extra tequila and the fact they give you chips and salsa it made up for it. I will definitely be returning to this establishment that made a Texas girl very happy!
Las Bugambilias is fantastic. The staff is all super sweet and they make a great cocktail. 
You would think a place like this on South Street would be a tourist trap, but not the case at all.

The space is tight and it gets pretty packed on an evening night, so reservations are often needed.
Food was great. Service sucked. 

4 stars for food. Coming from SoCal, I'm always on the search for great Mexican. Las Bugambilias is as close to great as I've found so far in Philly. There are a few good higher end Mexican places like El Vez but few good traditional places that I've found. Las Bugambilias so far is one of the better ones. 

2 stars for service. First, we had to wait for 40 minutes for our 9pm Friday night reservation and we kept being told that the people at our table were lingering over drinks after dinner. I don't think a restaurant should blame patrons for lingering but instead shouldn't take a reservation when a table for 4 won't be available reasonably around that time. Then we were the last ones in the restaurant so they were rushing us out. So frustrating after they made us wait. Also we had mentioned how hungry we were when we sat down and immediately ordered guacamole from the hostess who seated us but despite that it took a long while until anyone came to take our orders and then we had to repeat our guac order since it hadn't been put in. Last complaint, tiny bowls of chips for the table do we kept asking for more chips to go with the guac and salsa, which would have been fine but for the chip refill charge on the bill. Only a dollar per refill, but it was annoying on principle. 

All in all the food redeemed the service, but the poor service really lowered my view of the restaurant.
Came here for dinner last night (Sunday night) with my family. There was only one server working the bar, the restaurant and the phone. She was visibly stressed but friendly. We started a marg, which was good and strong. We had the guac which was not remarkable but the pico de gallo was great.. The kids ordered quesadillas with corn tortillas, cheese and chicken. They were delicious, seriously, very good for such a basic appetizer. I had the chicken in the lava rock, which i asked to be spicy and holy mother was it hot. The thing is, it is was freaking hot and had a lot of flavor. Next time, maybe I won't be so cocky and get it "somewhat spicy". Hubby devoured his chicken enchillada as he said it was absolutely delicious. btw, when we were served dinner a second server arrived on the scene. She was stoned out of her mind. Not good news for our server as she needed the help. She looked like she could barely focus. It was funny to watch though.

I guess it proves you get decent Mexican food on the East Coast. I would certainly return and hope next time, there is more than one server in the restaurant and if not, it isn't the stoned one.
I was in town for a wedding, and my friend took me to the grand opening of Las Bugumbilias (which for full disclosure purposes is run by her niece). 

Oh my god, do they know how to cook! Really creative, complex flavors. No relation to tex-mex, think much more subtle combinations of flavors and textures. It was hands down the best mexican food I have ever had. 

I had a seafood soup which was full of flavor and and great and my friend had the cream of carrot soup which was also heavenly. I had salmon as my main dish, which came with a tomato salsa and rice, which was also perfectly cooked and moist and full of flavor.

The atmosphere is really cute. Tables and dishes from Mexico, and the cutest salt shakers you will ever see. 

Vegetarian options are not so good, but they say they will whip something up if you ask. 

Definitely, definitely, definitely worth going out of your way for. 

Josh
Hands down the best Mexican food in Philadelphia. I have eaten at more than a dozen Mexican restaurants in Philly -- from the vaunted to the anonymous.  The food here is just amazing.  And it's a lot closer than Texas or So. Cal.  The Carne Tampiqueña was amazing.  The mole sauce over the enchilada was sheer perfection -- you could actually taste the chocolate in the sauce.   No, the service wasn't perfect, but the prices -- enters generally under $20 -- were very reasonably priced.
My party of four arrived promptly for our 7:45 reservation.

By 8:45, we were tired of standing in the cramped front of the restaurant, waiting for our table. We left and went around the corner to Stella where we were seated promptly.

After waiting for over ten minutes for someone to acknowledge us (the bartender and three different servers saw us standing there but ignored us), we had to flag down someone to tell them we'd arrived.

A few minutes later, someone came over and told us that our table wouldn't be ready till 8:15. By that point, we'd already been there almost fifteen minutes, so what was another fifteen?

Well, the fifteen came and went. A table of four that had gotten there AFTER us were seated. We heard them say that their reservation was at 8:00 (remember, ours was for 7:45).

Meanwhile, an empty four-top with a "reserved" sign sat in front of us. They told us they couldn't seat us there because a party of 11 was coming in soon. The 11 didn't arrive the entire hour we sat there waiting, yet they wouldn't seat us there. Then, they looked at us again and said "Oh, there are only four of you? We thought there were eight of you. We could've sat you at that other table" (where the 8:00 reservation sat down). 

For the next half hour, they checked up on us every five minutes. "Just a few more minutes," they'd say. But still we sat there. We finally asked to see the manager. The hostess disappeared in the back  and never came back out, at least not for more than five minutes. By this time, we'd been there for a full hour, so we left. Good riddance.

I've never seen such a level of inattention, miscommunication, and ineptitude. I will never, EVER return to this place. It's a joke.
The most expensive pitcher of Hornitos Marggies i have ever had ( 50.00 fuggin dollars ) luckily there were 3 of us and they were really strong . I spent my afternoon with two of my favorite ladies and though service started off a little rocky i will say i will give this place a shot for dinner. I wasnt a huge fan of the portion size of the guacamole it was pretty small for the price , flavor wise it was spot on though I will say the best guacamole in the city is still at El Vez. My girls seemed to enjoy their quesadillas and tortilla soup. I was slightly put off that they didnt offer more taco options. I know pastor has the game in the bag but even small taco stands offer fish or some sort of veggie friendly option. 
Id go back for HH and one of those margies im not sure my wallet could take a hit for the pitcher.
I've always felt that Philly had a slight gap when it came to Mexican food.  Sure we have the big attractions (El Vez and Distrito) and nothing against either of them, but  sometimes you want a place that is a little more casual, more relaxed.  Las Bugambilias is totally that places.  
First, start with the drinks (definitely start with a drink).  I personally can't get enough of the pineapple chipotle margarita.  Its sweet and a little spicy.  My friend (who doesn't like anything spicy) didn't enjoy it--so a warning if you don't like spice.  She did really enjoy the traditional margarita, however.  
In our visits, we've gotten guacamole and queso as appetizers.  We were able to get vegetarian queso.  It was great, with really good fresh tortillas and a lovely oozy goodness.  The guacamole with chips and the salsas are amazing, some of the best I've ever had.  I like my guac a little chunky and LB satisfies.  We also ordered enchiladas (vegetarian and chicken) and were incredibly pleased with those as well.  
The dining room and service are great, if unfortunately small, meaning reservations on weekends and busy nights are a very good idea.  Love it and will definitely go back!
Food was great. Had the flautas appetizer with flank steak and a couple beers.

bartender was very helpful in menu selection and very quiclk with serving me.

Beer was ultra cold - that was my only request - a super ice cold beer.

Served me a couple of them
So I'm not usually one to give a place a terribly negative review, but the servers here truly earned it. The food was pretty good, but our service was pretty terrible. First, the entire meal (which included three entrees, nothing more) took about two hours b/c the servers were shockingly slow with absolutely everything. My friend ordered the pineapple-chipotle margarita and it was so spicy and terrible that even after having them attempt to fix the drink and bring her a new one, it was still almost undrinkable. 

Then they brought out guacamole, which we though was just a free starter, but the proceeded to take it from us after we'd already eaten some and give it to the people who actually ordered it (sooo that's gross). Finally, we asked for separate checks and after 5-10 minutes realized that the person we talked to never even told our waitress. So we had to ask again. When we finally got our checks, we were determined to tip low since throughout all of these screwups, there were no apologies or really any friendliness. And of course the waitress added a 20% gratuity without even asking and there were only three of us.

Staff at Bugambilias: you earned this terrible review. Please stop adding a high tip to your checks when you most definitely did not earn it. That was a low move and I will not be back.
One of the most authentic mexican places in the city.  I get take out lunch from them several times a week. 

The chicken soup is to die for, and the enfrijolados are amazing.
I went to Las Bugambilias not because I had ever heard of it, but because I was in the area with some visitors and we really wanted some tacos. So I searched for tacos near me on Yelp and this was one of the options that it showed. It seemed to be rated highly, so we decided to give it a shot. We were not disappointed.

We did not realize how small of a place it was until we wandered in and saw that the place was packed on a Sunday night. We definitely should have made a reservation - however, one of the highlights about this place for me was the fact that they really worked to accommodate us despite the fact that we were the ones who didn't know the drill! We only had to wait a couple of minutes and they had pushed together the only two free tables in the place (which people had JUST vacated). It was tight, but we didn't care and really appreciated the effort to seat us. The service continued to be great throughout the night- courteous, not overbearing but quite attentive.

The food and drinks were excellent. The margaritas were delicious (though everyone in my group stuck with the classic margarita, they do have many types). The free chips and salsa were also quite good - particularly the salsas, which both tasted homemade. I found the spicy one to be very spicy (the spice lovers in my group were happy), but the flavor was so good for both. They didn't bring out many chips at first but we asked for more and got more with no problem. The menu was very interesting, with many options that aren't always found at American Mexican restaurants - and everything we had (fish tacos, tacos pastor, chicken mole, enchiladas) were all great. Everyone was happy, and I would certainly go back - with a reservation, especially for a larger party.
FOOD: 4-5 Star. This review is 1-star for an atrocious customer service experience.

I call about an issue I had with my pick-up order. I call 4-5x before they pick up. On the other end is a waitressed named Thea. As soon as I tell her my issue she hangs up on me. I call 2-3 more times before she picks up again. I politely brush off the hangup and say "I think we were disconnected before." She tells me they are having issues with the phones (Probably good to tell all of your callers as soon as you speak to them in the event that they ACTUALLY get disconnected). I try to explain the issue and she puts me on hold... Except that I can still hear her talking in the background.. Annnnnd she is CURSING about, well, let's be honest, probably me....Gracefully using the word F*&# and stating something being "on her dick." YIKES.

It gets better! She hangs up on me after I am on hold for 10 minutes.. No attempt to call me back. Lucky for them I live in the neighborhood so I decide to walk over to talk to the manager. The bartender informs me there's no manager on duty, but he can have Thea talk to me (NO THANKS!). I tell him my issue. He says he'll make me another drink (That's all I wanted!!) and I can leave my name and number for the manager. But.. No drink, he sends Thea over to me, and he never takes my name. AHHHHHHH

She demonstrates (literally with glasses and water) how I was wrong about the measurement and how since she is the one who made the drink she knows she's right. I'm exhausted. 

I give up. But this review is my last attempt at any sort of making right out of the complete Twilight Zone experience I had tonight at Las Bugambilias.
This was a spur of the moment decision.  One of us wanted Mexican food, a quick yelp search and we were on our way. 

It was both our first times there, though we questioned why given that it received such high marks.  We had a hard time deciding but finally settled on guacamole, empanadas for appetizers.  For the entrees, I had the Chalupa Veracruz.  It was very clean and light, just enough flavor.  It didn't blow my mind though.  It seems like one of those dishes that many restaurant has, whether it's Italian or Mexican or Asian.  Your basic seafood in a tomato based broth.  But again, it was good.  My friend had the Chile Rellenos.  Now that was a little more impressionable.  Nice messy blend of flavors that all go well into the provided tortilla wraps.  For dessert, we had the Tres Leches Chocolate cake.  Although our dessert options were limited due to many being sold out (I think that's a good thing right?), this cake did not disappoint.  

The service was very friendly too.  The only thing is that I thought the prices were a smidgen high.  Just a smidgen though.
Love this place Ive been back to this place a few times, and each time are happy we go. If you like food with a kick and favor recommend trying this resturant. Even there nachos are homemade and every appetizer we have tried on the menu.
This place is so cute -- It's small, quaint and I love the decor.

Service was good -- she was sweet, friendly but only somewhat helpful with helping us choose the tequila for our margarita (thus the 4 vs 5 star rating). The $9 classic margarita is described as " with the tequila of your choice". I asked for Don Julio which they didn't have -- so I asked for her suggestion which she was mumbling along.. and then asked if we wanted Patron silver, totally fine. But lack of service comes here -- she did not let us know it would be $13 a piece instead of $9 as described in the menu. This place would have gotten a lower rating on this alone, except the food was pretty phenomenal. 

They start you off with homemade chips, mild salsa (pico de gallo) and a rojo spicy salsa. Pice de gallo was simple, chopped up tomatoes, cilanto, a bit of salt and onions. The spicy one was a bit more flavorful and to my favor

We got the vegetarian tamale -- which was delicious and perfect. Highly recommended for vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike

I got the Enchiladas del Mar -- smothered in a red creamy almond sauce, filled with lobster, crab and shrimp. This dish was overall a 5 star. Fresh seafood, good flavor to the sauce, a small side of rice as well as salad to help cut down the richness of the enchilada. 

My partner got the fish tacos which were done really well -- good guac , and lightly battered fish which is a must.

Great little Mexican spot on south street, tasted truly authentic. But keep in mind, this meal was $75 pre-tip so be ready for that!
Fancy Mexican. 
That sums up this joint in a nutshell. 

I called ahead on a Friday night at 8pm and asked if they had a table for 2 and the woman responded with 'I can seat you if you can come over right now'. For me, 'right now' was about 30 mins later and they were still able to seat us in the back. It's a small restaurant decorated in vibrant colors and had a lively atmosphere and tables are a bit crammed. We started off with two blood orange margaritas that were well worth the $11 per glass. The guacamole, while delicious, was not worth the $10 price tag. The portion was equivalent to a scoop of ice cream at your neighborhood creamery. That was probably the only complaint I had for the evening. We ordered two entrees: The skirt steak, which resembled a sample platter because it came with a chicken enchilada in mole sauce along with rice and beans. The Shrimp with cojita cheese wrapped in bacon. That description alone was mouthwatering and the dish itself was amazing.
This place is a nice change from the usual Mexican fare. They offer more upscale options yet still offers fish tacos and chicken enchiladas.
A small place. The food is very good, but if there are any more than two tables being served, service slows down to a crawl because there is only one waitstaff, and she doesn't seem to manage her time very well. But if you go outside of lunch and dinner times, be prepared for a very good experience!
I could not have been happier with my experience here. The staff were welcoming, responsive, and fun from the moment we arrived until we left. The food was beautifully presented and delicious.
Woow excellent mexican food! I lived in Mexico for 10yrs, so I know these are good fresh mexican dishes.. thanks for bringing  a piece of Mexico to queens village.!
excellent service and music.  
 Mil Gracias Bugambilias!
This place is really adorable. The restaurant is very small and narrow. Even for the waitress to walk in the aisle to serve the food seemed a challenge. As you can imagine its a very tight fit.

The menu had a ton of wonderful options to choose from. I was pleased to see even vegetarian options. My husband and I enjoyed our meals.
Very authentic, great flavor, excellent service, great atomosphere. 
Chips and salsa was great. (Warm chips with home made salsa) shrimp ceviche was  excellent. Had stuffed chicken and tilapia for main dish. These were also flavorful and delicious.
Very very poor service..made reservations and upon arrival was told they can not seat us until everyone from our party was there (they were stuck in traffic)..so we sat at the very tiny bar that's at the door and the bartender looked to be inexperienced..sat there for 10 minutes and never looked at us..I asked for a drink and he told me to hold on that he's busy cutting limes..finally got our seats and waited for 32 minutes for our waitress to acknowledge us..and that was after I had asked if we had a waitress..they have 10 tables tops in the restaurant and the service was just horrible..finally after 2 hours we left..maybe this place is ok during the day during the week,  but not on the weekend
I love this place.

Food wise: I have yet to try a dish I have not found to be delectable. This includes the Enfrijoladas (chicken), Enchiladas (chicken), Mango salad, and Molcajete Pollo. 

The chips and salsa (hot & mild) are fresh, albeit, a relatively small portion. The mango salad consists of thinly sliced mangos on a bed of greens with a vinaigrette dressing. It is very good, but could use more mangos. The main dishes are full of flavor, without being overwhelming or heavy. The black bean sauce on the Enfrijoladas is scrumptious. The Molcajete can be ordered with chicken, shrimp, and/or steak and is excellent for sharing.

The house margaritas are a solid 7 out of 10. 

The atmosphere is warm and intimate. Again, not overwhelming, but just right. The service is attentive and friendly.

I have not travelled to Mexico and, therefore, cannot speak to the authenticity of the food as some commentators have. But, I have eaten at many a Mexican restaurants and the flavors here are wonderful. 

I recently ate at a more upscale Mexican restaurant in Rittenhouse and, although, the prices were twice as much the flavor was 1/2 as good. This place is a gem.
Horrendous service. Absolutely horrendous. The food has also gone downhill. I used to rave about this place. After three occasions in a row with terrible service and mediocre food, I will not return.
My girlfriend said it should be 5 stars but I thought it was a 3 star....my meal was good but not unbelievable so we stuck with 4 stars.  The menu seemed authentic and they had a lot of options.  

We started with the Queso Chihuahua Toluca which was great.  My girlfriend had the ensalada de mango with shrimp and I had the Molcajete Pollo.  Both were good but I would probably get something else next time.  The chicken didn't seam to soak up the flavor of the sauce it was in.

I would recommend stopping by if you are in the area.
Best Mexican restaurant  in philadelphia. Love the waitstaff. Food is the best in the city. Only place to eat Mexican. Go there but make reservations. You will not be disappointed.
Rating it a 3.5. There were two waitresses and many of the tables were full. Our waitress seemed really busy and was handling quite a bit so service was slow. She also took away our extra chips before we were done which was a big no no for us. Food was a bit on the pricer side. I ordered the pechuga jamaica and afterwards we got dessert. The pechuga jamaica had a little bit of everything and the chicken was really good. The dessert was the Pastel de Tres Leches de Chocolate. I would not recommend the dessert because it was basically a cake soaked in milk. In a way it tasted good but I think the other desserts on the menu might be a lot better. 

The waitress also did not know the menu or the food. When we asked which chicken dish she recommends or her favorite dish, she could not name one that she liked. Also we had to name 3 desserts we would like because she wasn't sure which dessert was available. So when the dessert came out we weren't sure which one it was until she said "it's the chocolate one..."

The atmosphere the restaurant was very nice though! There were a lot of decorations and the dishes themselves were beautiful. Everything looked really authentic. It's also really close to Penn's Landing/Spruce Street Harbor, which is convenient if you want to take a walk after eating.
Las bugambilias is an excellent upscale mexican restaurant.  The space is small but it works.They have above average margaritas and excellent guacamole.  Chicken quesadillas are delicious and very flavorful.

The dishes we had for dinner were some of the best mexican food I have ever had.  I ordered the medallion oaxaca, the filet was done perfectly and exploding with flavor.  My gf had the mar y tierra molcajete.  Lava rockbowl filled with jumbo shrimp, filet tips, grilled chicken all in an excellent sauce.  The sauce was very flavorful and spicy but not too spicy.  The staff was very helpful in regards to the level of spice in each dish and was happy to order each entree per our desired level of heat.

I will be coming back whenever I am craving high quality mexican food in the philly area.
A great little, hidden Mexican place that's well decorated, got a good vibe, and a place where actual Spanish people go to eat, (I heard Spanish!) Our waitress was so kind to offer my party a taste of their guac after we talked about reading about the guac online! I had the Mole Traditionale, which was delish, but only order if you like Mole sauce.... it was very Mole-ey. 

Make Reservations! it's small!
Seafood soup and veggie enchiladas hit the spot! Cash only.. (I think bc the machine was/is broken??) We opted for the chile poblano sauce, which totally made the dish. The right balance of spicy and cooling, fresh veggies and nice dining atmosphere even though we took the goodies to go. Will return for eat in menu!
I had dinner at the restaurant and it was delicious.  The menu is creative and the decor is festive.  My brother and I shared the Sopes Veracruzanos as an appetizer ... very good!  We also ate the Camarones Rellenos (stuffed shrimp wrapped in bacon) and the Enchiladas with ground meat.  For dessert, we had two kinds of tres leches cake, vanilla and chocolate.  I've had better, but it was still good.  The chocolate version was a bit too sweet for me.  The food overall is a bit pricey, but it was a special occasion (my brother's birthday).
Las Buganbilias, Spanish for bougainvillea, is a Mexican restaurant in Old City with tasty food. The chips and salsa--both extremely fresh--were perfect, except that the portion was small and they charge for extras. I started with the poblano soup, which looked very appetizing, but lacked the boldness in flavor I was expecting; the predominant flavor in this soup was corn (which probably made up the base) and the poblano flavor was hidden. I enjoyed it nonetheless and would probably recommend it, even if I'm not jumping up and down to order it again. Next, I had the skirt steak, which was presented with a wonderful tomatillo sauce and stuffed jalapeno peppers. The steak was a tad chewy, but I appreciated the flavor and size of the dish.
Easily one of my favorite restaurants in the city!  By and large, it appears that the negative reviews of this place focus on service.  Having only ever been for lunch or early dinner, I haven't experienced anything below stunningly quick service - perhaps this is something to consider when visiting.  I will say, it is a fairly small restaurant, and I don't get the impression that they have some Cheesecake-Factory-level-kitchen buried in a Tardis on the premises, so I could imagine that the kitchen could get backed up when it is packed.

On to the food!  My wife and I were brought here by my grandparents who have visited a plethora of locations in Mexico - they have gone south of the border over 30 times!  They said that this place was the most authentic that they knew of, and having gone to Mexico City, Taxco, Oaxaca, and Puebla last summer, I found the food to be comparable in being outrageously delicious.  They have a variety of fare available (ranging from regular old tacos to the more daring guests who would do well to try huitlacoche - don't look up what it is, it's delicious), that is equally varied in price, and degrees of spiciness.  Whether you're a cautious gringo, or a Mexican native, I am quite sure that you will be able to find something that you will love at Bugambilias!
Our family of 4 (with tweens) ate here a few days ago (lunch) and simply loved the food. We've eaten in many mexican places all over the country and this was simply one of the best places we've been to. We all ordered different dishes and they were all excellent. Very flavorful and well prepared and presented. Great service too. The decor of this place is so tasteful as well. Highly recommend this place. Very kid friendly too.
The food has been very good in the past but the last time we were there it was disappointing.  Worse than that, they demanded a $25 deposit for a reservation.  I hesitated but figured it was because they were small.  But after we ate they charged my card for $25 plus the meal.  When I called to get the charge reversed they said they would but 2 days later, still no offsetting charge.  I disputed it and I'm sure I won't have to pay it but what a poor way to treat customers.
