I've been on a quest to find awesome and authentic Mexican food since moving from Southern California, you would think it would be easy to find a handful of favorite Mexican restaurants, alas, my search continues.

Located in a not so affluent area of Philadelphia, this BYOB corner restaurant is small in size, with an open kitchen located between the two downstairs dining areas, we happened to be seated near the kitchen and the basement door, which was utilized quite frequently to bring food items up to be prepared.

As we sat and pondered the menu, we were greeted by our sweet server Hannah and presented with in house made tortilla chips and a  tomatillo salsa verde which had a nice kick to it.  Sometimes I wish that hubby would open a Yelp account as he was thrilled with Las Cazuelas. 

Michael had a huge plate of three large enchiladas, substituting ground beef for the chicken and asking for the mole sauce to be on the side. The mole sauce was amazing, I'm not surprised that it has won awards and I dipped my everything in it! His meal came with a nice sized portion of black refried beans and "Mexican rice", nothing like a Spanish rice, very plain, no onions or peppers, yellow rice.

I could not get past the list of appetizers, so I ordered three as my meal, oh shush...  Queso fundido, which means melted cheese, not, it was one big blob of cheese, nothing dippy or stringy about it, hardened within seconds and it would have taken a knife and fork to cut it and it was not blended with the extra additions of chorizo and mushrooms, but was swimming in a spicy and extremely greasy sauce and served with three tortillas, to do what with, ugh, I have no clue. I packed this up to take home and try to melt, which it refused to do and I kept thinking, imagine what that would do to my arteries, so I chucked it. I guess I could have pretended it was string cheese and sliced it and ate it cold in its hardened form.

The guacamole ranchero was good, nothing special, I've had much better guacamole and chips, but it was satisfying, although a very small portion. The shrimp ceviche was very enjoyable, again, a small portion for the price. I also had a side dish of refried beans, that I asked to be topped with lots of raw onion and cheese and I really did like this dish.

I checked out their brunch menu which is very enticing and I would love to return with gung ho hubby to indulge in this.
It's really sad because 2 days ago this place would have gotten 4 stars from me. While the service is often disappointing the food is usually delicious and, as a local, I was quickly becoming a regular. I would have come to this restaurant without any deals but they are always on groupon or something similar so, we of course use those when we can. My mom, knowing I was a fan, purchased one for my fiancé and I as well as one for herself.

Last night she decided to come in for dinner and was excited to try it here. As we both had the groupon and it was expiring soon she called ahead, TWICE, to ask if we could both use it. The girl who answered claimed she spoke to the owner and as long as we got separate checks it was fine. She drove in from NJ. Upon arrival our waiter told us he couldn't take the groupons, despite my mom's calls. We were disappointed and after discussing with him, he agreed that as long as we did separate checks it would be fine. We even made an effort to separate our tables to make the waiter more comfortable. We had a good meal, the food took a long time to come out and didn't come out at once but otherwise everything was good. My step dad was ready to tip our waiter very generously for being so accommodating.

The waiter returned to drop our two SEPARATE checks and informed us that he was sorry but could in fact only take one groupon. Really? So we were lied to not once, but twice. For the sake of $13 this restaurant lost 4 patrons, 2 of which were quickly becoming regulars and recommending it to everyone. Now we will tell everyone to avoid it because of this terrible customer service. I hope it was worth it.
Great mole!  We ordered the mole negro and a HUGE appetizer plate.  Both were delicious.  The mole was thick and flavorful and pretty close to some of the Oaxacan restaurants in LA that I miss so much.  I was so happy to find authentic Mexican food in Philly that tastes good.  Horchata was not on the menu, but something made me ask.  After all they had other aguas frescas.  Our waiter said, "let me check."  He came back with two horchatas for my friend and me.  Wahoo!  

Las Cazuelas is a BYOB, so stop off for some Negra Modelo or tequila before you get there.  But do visit.  It's not cheap Mexican food, but it is delicious.  The atmosphere is nice (it could even be a nice date spot), and the staff are great.

UPDATE: horchata is still not on the menu, but it's there if you ask for it.  The mole poblano was good, as were the shrimp and beef dishes we ordered.
5 stars for the food!  What a fabulous find in a Girard Ave. location.
We enjoyed our dinner here very much!

I had a Pineapple Strawberry Daiquiri (BYO Booze) and some amazingly good ceviche - shrimp and tillapia.

My husband's chicken enpanadas were so good, too (I got a bite!).

For entrees he had a tender and flavorful shredded pork with super-fresh corn tortilla black refried beans and rice. He liked it alot.  I really loved the Eggplant Tower - a great vegetarian (NOT VEGAN - it's overloaded with 2 kinds of cheese) choice served over white rice and a home-made tomato & onion sauce.

Desserts are very well done here, too at $6-$6.50 each we tried the banana crepes and cheesecake bunuelos.

Delicioso! We can't wait to come back (The crab & shrimp enchiladas and Carne Azada are calling to me.)! They also do weekend brunch - which sounds marvelous.

Service by our sweet cambodian server (He's a doll!) was attentive and great.

And a big thanks to Eversave (the groupon knock-off) without whom I never would have tried this place.

A super-great find!
Thankfully I had a discounted Groupon because Tamar B and I will not be returning here for anything. Yikes!

We wanted to grab dinner before a Yelp Event so I purchased a Groupon and came here. I would have been really pissed had I paid "real" money for the sham of a taco they served. 

First, the restaurant is extremely small. Probably about 12 tables total and super close together. Usually small means intimate but its small and very loud. So small that you almost knock a table over that's sitting close to the entrance. However, they do have outside seating. 

We ordered a guacamole and two orders of Cancun Tacos which were made with tilapia, chipotle mayo, pickled onions and cilantro. 

The guacamole was $9!!!! We ate about 3 chips apiece and it was gone. The portion was very small and needed to be salted. Plain and just overall blah. For nine smackers, I want a bowl not a couple of spoonfuls. Ugh. 

The tacos took about a half hour to get to the table. The fish was overcooked, had a microwaved taste to it. Almost as if it were yesterdays fish and someone reheated it and threw crap on them. The tacos were soft so with all the goop thrown on top, you had to eat them with a fork. Yuck. Wet and soggy tacos. Disgusting. 

We were asked if we liked everything and we didn't. I tried to finish my plate. Tamar had hers replaced with a $6 ear of Mexican corn . Overpriced in my opinion. I didn't see anything else on the menu that I wanted so I just didn't finish it. 

Bland food, slow service and too small of a restaurant makes an unhappy customer.
Las Cazuelas, you had me at BYOB.
Being a Chicana from LA, I was like - WHA?  Mexican food in Philly, this can't be good.  And then I was like, "You bring the tequila and they make margaritas for you?" So I turned my frown upside down and kept an open mind. 
Las Cazuelas was a nice surprise for this street taco snob...Not only is this place fun and kitchy, the food and drinks are really good....I mean, mole poblano is not always good, or even decent, but at Las Cazuelas, it was good!  So were the very crisp chips, and the perfectly ripened and seasoned guacamole.  Wow!  Impressed.
What was probably the MOST impressive at Las Cazuelas was the service.  We had really nice and attentive staff that kept our group of 22+ happy.  I wish I remembered our main servers name (young, tall, beard) because he was so professional and enthusiastic.  He was on point the whole night, and that was not easy to do.  
Overall, a solid, casual and fun place with good food and you BYOB...what's not to like?
The sopas appetizer was good. The soup that was the special was special-priced but was a thin tomato/hot -sauce flavored broth with a flat flavor, Oaxaca cheese, tortilla strips, and Avocado.

I didn't taste it, but My friend didn't rave about his Mole. My pork chop tasted a lot like a Sazon rubbed pork chop.

The atmosphere is very nice and the service is good; our waiter spoke Spanish (which as you know dosn't happen often in phila Mexican restaurants). This could be a nice date place and it is close enough to northern liberties to make it a neighborhood Mexican place if you live there.

Veggies: they were willing to make anything (within reason) without meat for vegetarians.
This was my first time using Yelp Deals, and what a treat! My partner and I happened to be in the area and Las Cazuelas popped up as a pretty safe bet, along with a $10 for $20 offer, and even a free pitcher of Margarita mix with check-in. Unfortunately since this was on a whim we didn't have anything to go in it, and we were getting such a good deal already that we didn't even try to ask for a substitute.

We each ended up ordering a torta and swapping halves, so I got to try the wonderful Milanesa (breaded steak) as well as the Yuccateca (pulled pork). For dessert, we shared a very generous portion of Vanilla Tres Leches that was just perfect, and I would probably come back just for that.

All up, we ended up paying an additional $10 to cover the little bit we went over plus tax and tip, so really $20 for a delicious, filling meal for two in a cute little spot with excellent service.
I handed in my last final for the semester so I wanted a margarita-- but knew that it would be a lot of margaritaS (capital S) and didn't want to spend a bunch of cash on it, so we headed to this BYOB armed with our tequila AND a groupon in hand. Double win! Corn on the cob (mmmm cotija cheese!) was delicious. The queso fundido was eh. It immediately congealed and it was hard to eat. My tacos al pastor were good but not the best I ever had. I didn't get to taste anybody else's food but they all were so happy about their choices. Oh, p.s. if you can, order the sweet plantains--freakin' delicious. I suggest you come, taste for yourself and enjoy this small, low-key restaurant. Elite Yelp tip: You can walk 5 mins to 2nd and Girard and get booze if you need it. Amazeballs. Non-Elite Move: Tripping in your heels at the end of the night and skinning your knee. Oh, BYOBs you literally slay me.
Las Cazuelas is a cute little upscale Mexican place. We ordered the appetizer sampler and the dos ceviches. It was enough food for two people, with leftovers. We probably could have finished it comfortably had we been hungrier. The ceviches were decent, the shrimp better than the tillapia, which had an interesting spicy-fruity taste. The appetizer sampler at $16 was huge, with delicious empanadas and very good tacos dorados. Their salsa is mildly spicy and tasty. The nachos were pretty good, served with a thick bean paste, melted cotija cheese, and a sprinkling of diced tomatoes.

On the downside: the tamales were a little dry (as tamales are apt to be). Some of our chips were quite stale (and strangely had gone a little soft), and the avocado we were served with the ceviche was inedibly unripe. If that's their idea of how avocado should be served, I'm afraid to try their guacamole. Also, this place is just a tad more expensive than I usually like to pay for Mexican food, as entrees averaged about $18. Who knows though, maybe they're so fantastically delicious that they're worth the price. I guess that remains to be seen, but for now, 3 stars.
My wife & I have very high standards when it comes to Mexican food. I'm from San Diego originally, and she is from Central California, and her dad's family is Mexican. That being said, Las Cazuelas is definitely one of the best Mexican restaurants we have found on the East Coast in terms of authentic flavors. We've been there twice now from brunch, and last night was the first time we went for dinner.

Dinner was amazing - I got the Mole Poblano, which is probably the best Mole that I have ever had. My wife said it tasted exactly like the Mole that she used to have when she was staying with a family in Ensanada, Mexico. She had a chicken in a special Guajillo chile sauce that was incredibly rich but super delicious.

Brunch both times we have gone blew our socks off. Also, don't miss out on the coffee! Their cafe au lait is superb, and the cafe de olla reminds me exactly of the coffee at a little Mexican place in San Diego that I went when I was young. 

So why only 4 stars? The entree prices for dinner are a little steep. If you go, definitely use a Yelp deal, living social, etc. Brunch prices are right on the money (and portions are huge!), lunch prices seem right, it's just dinner that's a little steep. Granted, the portions are extremely generous (my wife had a full dinner and two lunch portions left to take to work this week), but instead of $16-20, I would expect to see more like $10-16 for dinner prices at a location like this. 

We'll definitely be returning for brunch very soon!
Like a dog with a bone I can't let go of my search for the perfect Al Pastor Taco and exploring all these new options on my routes to and from work has given me ample opportunity to do so. 

Todays review is for Las Cazuelas.  I read alot of the other reviews which were kind of hit or miss experiences but I figured why not. 

I found the price tag to be a little steep. Thirteen dollars for three tacos is just short of 5.00 per taco. At least I found the tacos to be generously filled AND there were no extra sauteed onions mixed in the filling, hooray!!!  Just the pork and the pineapple topped with cilantro and raw onion. They didn't throw in those extra little garnishes like the fried jalapeno and the giant scallion thing with the large bulb on the end, not even a damn radish. I missed the jalapeno. I like to cut it up for an extra spicy kick but their salsa which was thicker and hotter than most I've had with this dish, made up for that. As for taste, they were okay. I've had much better at Distrito (who took them off the menu) and Rivera Taco (I left the state of DE)

There was a lady at the table next to me who raved about their crab enchiladas. She made me promise to try them next and I did on my next visit. I don't usually go for enchiladas. I love the way a griddled or fried tortilla taste and I hate how they get soggy and fall apart in the enchilada style but I did get them. The menu on the window outside said the cost was 20.00 but I was charged 23.00. You get 3 enchiladas covered in a green mole sauce and sprinkled with cheese and red onions ( I took those off ). The sides consisted of veggies that were uninspired julienned strips of squash and boring basic white rice. I would have preferred traditional Mexican rice and black beans to be honest. The filling in this dish was crab (definately canned) and shrimp (definately frozen) but it tasted okay. Not worth the price  I wouldn't get it again and I don't know why the lady who recommended this dish was so into it.
We were there for a group birthday  (as well) and it was wonderful. Our servers were very attentive. No one in our group left hungry. Grab your favorite bottle and enjoy a good meal at this little gem.
I went the other day with my wife for dinner. The service was friendly and food quality was pretty good, but there was a fruit fly infestation that made this one of the worst dinner experiences I've had dining out. I killed at least 5 flies and they just kept coming. I should have walked out after I squished 2 and 2 more popped up, but I was having a rare dinner out with my wife and wanted to enjoy it. But it was too much. There were flies in my food, my beer, on the walls. The thought of these flies transferring bacteria from the drains and trash into my food and drink made my stomach turn. I had to leave. 

Before I left, I told the server about the flies and he acknowledged that it was a problem he was aware of but the back of house was unwilling to resolve it. He promised to tell the manager/boss when he or she came in later. If they knew the fly infestation was a problem and have not done everything in their power to fix it, I will never come back. If the flies are visible to patrons and nothing is done about it, what about the stuff you can't see?? No thanks, I'm never going back and would recommend you not as well.
I was here on Saturday night with a large group. They put us in the back room next to the kitchen which is a good room for 10 to 20 people.

Our waitress quickly brought us a pitcher of tequila mix. I wasn't planning on drinking the tequila mix and asked if she can bring water for everyone. After 10 to 15 of still no water I asked again and was told there was a glass shortage so they couldn't accommodate water for everyone. I handed them my empty glass and asked the server to fill with water. Strike 1 for no water. There should be no excuse for a restaurant to not at least be able to offer water to everyone. Yes it may be a busy night but purchase more glasses if you run short on busy nights.

My boyfriend ordered the chicken mole enchiladas and I ordered the shrimp entree with rice and vegetables.

The entrees all ran $15 to $18. The mole sauce was gross. My boyfriend will eat anything even cold hot dogs so for him to not like something there  is a problem. The mole sauce was thick and hard to eat. Maybe they used too much chocolate or nuts as I couldn't taste any spices, not that I could taste much of anything in it.

My shrimp was very average. There was little spice on it and I ordered hot sauce or something spicy on the side. They brought me hot peppers which I loaded into mg entree.

The chips were fine but both the Verde and red sauces were not spicy and pretty balance.

On a good note, they do take credit card and decor was nice.

Food was less than average and there's much better Mexican in Philly.
*SPOILER ALERT- THEY HAVE THE BEST EMPANADAS I'VE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE*

Headed to Philly to hang out with some friends and I just had to check out groupons over there. I ended up finding a voucher for this place and I've got to say: if this is what Philly has to offer I want in!

Came here on a Friday night--no reservations, and felt lucky since there were only 2-3 tables that were left open. Appreciated the homie, Mexican feel to the place, definitely reminded me of when I was in the old school town of Mexico. We were led to the upstairs area--which at the time I was hosted a party of 10 of the loudest 20-something year olds celebrating a birthday. We were ok with the deafening noise since we've experienced crazy nights like them before.

Mentioned that I had a group-on to whoever sat us down, and she didn't bat an eye lash or stop smiling (so group-on friendly unlike many other places Ive been to). Server came to us immediately with water, chips/salsa and a smile. She remained very attentive during the night even with the amount of tables she had upstairs. (she was a 5 star gem).

We ordered empanadas, the steak tacos for apps and for entrees Mole Poblano Chicken and the Abuelitas Chicken dish.

-Empanadas were seriously the best I've ever had. The golden outside crust was made to perfection, not oily and greasy, and the chicken inside was seasoned well plus was made with Chipotle sauce. Only two pieces given so share wisely.
-Steak tacos were also very good, flavorful and tender
-Mole Pobano--that Mole sauce would make you smack your mamma twice and ask why she never made you Mole sauced chicken. AMAZING.
-Abuelitas-I bought it because in the menu it talked about the deceased mother's signature dish. It was a tear jerker so I wanted to honor Abuelita Cazuela. It was good but not AH MAZING, only because the chicken breast was a little dry even with the sauce. But the rice and beans were so good.

THIS IS A BYOB. So we did and we were provided with a cup of ice to add to our drinks.

-Bill came up to $50, $13 group-on knocked off $25, so balance was $25. I enjoyed our waitress so much that I tipped her really well. (I heard her accommodate another party by moving them downstairs after they mentioned how loud that party was). If i'm in Philly again I will come back.
I was stuck between a 2 and 3 stars but I don't want to be too mean. In summary, this was an OVER PRICED and LACKLUSTER meal. 

My boyfriend and I made a spontaneous decision to go here for dinner on a Tuesday night since he came here once and wanted me to try it. Our favorite Mexican food staple is Taco Riendo a couple blocks down from here. This restaurant is very small, less than 10 tables and about 3 are near the door, then the closest table is about 10ft from the kitchen. It's a cozy little restaurant with dark lightning but definitely not a classy vibe. Btw it's BYOB. 

The waitress was very nice and kept checking up on us, service wasn't bad although she was a bit antsy and awkward with conversation lol. Food came out fast, but we were one of two tables there, and the other table already got their food, so I can't really judge on how fast they'll be if they're Busier. Here's where everything goes downhill.
 
The table came with free chips and salsa to dip. However, I didn't enjoy the chips at all. They were way too crispy, thin, and had absolutely no flavor, tasted stale almost. I felt as if I was biting on shards. I was very disappointed and waited for the chips that came with the $9 guacamole hoping it'll be better. To my surprise, the guacamole came out ALONE, probably about 6-7 spoonfuls of guac and NO chips. $9!!!!!! Ok at this point I'm expecting banging guac and honestly, this was also very mediocre. I've had better packaged guac from Trader Joe's -.- we also decided to share one Mexican corn, which was $5.5 for a small one. The Mexican corn was mostly sweet, there wasn't really the spicy, sweet, and sour kick I was looking for. At half the price at Taco Riendo, you get a bigger corn that tastes way better!

I am a sucker for platters and I decided on the pork shoulder platter which came with a handful of pork (shredded, and super soft), re fried beans, a tiny bit of rice, and half a plantain. I loved the plantain, but it was so small, there was soooo much meat compared to the rice and the meat was a little too salty to be eating alone. There was like 3 bites of rice before it was gone. $17. Would I get it again? Probably not. Unproportional, overpriced, and mediocre food.

My bf got the beef tacos and the al pastor tacos; tacos are probably the only thing on the menu that isn't overpriced. However, the taste of these tacos were also mediocre at best, nothing really stood out about them. The sauces weren't good, meat wasn't too flavorful, and the condiments didn't help. 

Our total was almost $60 and a good way to put it is that meal did not "hit the spot." I was left feeling empty inside although I was so full. Maybe they were having an off day in the kitchen but the food was so bad. Won't be back :(
So, we have been here three times now, and each time I have been SO pleased with our meal.  Finally getting around to writing a review... sorry it is long, but I know I find reviews with specific recommendations helpful, so read on if you would like to hear them!  If not, then here's the short review: GO HERE!

First of all, as a vegetarian, the dishes are rather expensive (more expensive than the meat dishes, which is odd).  However, they are DELICIOUS... well-seasoned, nourishing, large portions of goodness.  They range from $14 to $15.50 or so.  There are a lot of non-vegetarian dishes, ranging from $9 or so to maybe $15.  We have not tried any appetizers or tacos.  HOWEVER- between Yelp Deals and Groupon, it is not difficult to find a $15 for $30 or $10 for $20 deal, which more than makes up for the prices.  

First time we went, I got the Mexican Seitan dish (seitan being one of my favorite meat alternatives) and was highly pleased.  My boyfriend had the vegetarian enchiladas, so that we could share each others' meals... it was, perhaps, even better (though both were excellent).  Even the cute little pyramid of rice and little pile of beans were superbly seasoned.  Now, other vegetarians, do be careful- mention you are vegetarian.  The Chile Relleno dish in the vegetarian section was one of the things I was looking at, and when I asked the waitress for vegetarian suggestions, she mentioned that sometimes they put some animal fat in that dish- though she suggested it would be possible to just ask to make sure they would keep it vegetarian.  I really appreciated her honesty and knowledge about the dishes!  The chips and tomatillo salsa (which I normally don't like) were excellent- so fresh and yummy.  I was having a rough day, so we got a dessert to share to cheer me up... the Banana Crepes.  UNBELIEVABLE.  So tasty... we would have gone back just for that.  AND, if you check in on Yelp, you get a free dessert!!!

Second time, we tried brunch, which they have on Saturdays and Sundays till perhaps 3:00.  Our meals (some vegetarian omelet and Heuvos Rancheros for the BF) were quite good- not as good as the dinners/lunches we've had, but still very good- and were all under about $11.  This is a great time to use the $10 for $20 deal... you can get two brunch entrees for about $20.  But don't be like us and expect to use it on a Saturday- the Yelp Deal doesn't work on Fridays and Saturdays!

And now for the time we just got back from- we had our Groupon Now, which was good until 3:00 PM, and we didn't get out until about 2:20, so we were pushing it.  Our waiter offered to ring us up early to make sure we were able to use our Groupon, and was super friendly and gracious about it.  We took advantage of our savings to each get a Cafe de Olla (sweet spiced coffee).  SO GOOD.  When we inevitably come back for a brunch, you bet we will be getting that again.  Be warned, it is quite sweet- but I just loved it.  I got the vegetarian enchiladas again, but the BF got some pork tips with avocado dish, which he said was extremely delicious and satisfying.  We ended up getting our food so quickly that we were done by 3:00 anyway- but we sat around for a bit sipping our delicious coffees and remarking on how happy the meal (which we now have leftovers of) made us!

In short, GO HERE!  We are always nervous when the small space is so empty, and would love to see it getting more business.  They deserve it!
Tonight I was hungry and was craving Arroz con pollo. I checked for it on Yelp and came across this place. I can say what I had was very good. It had a nice lil kick to it too!

For dessert I ordered the Tres Leches cake, can I tell you that sh!t was the bomb! I'll come back again and again for the cake! 

Good dinner and will be back!
This is *amazing* Mexican food for Philadelphia. Thoughtfully prepared, great flavor - beats Distrito in University City on price, but not ambiance. Distrito is bankrolled like whoa, and this place has more of a traditional American Mexican restaurant look. I've been about 4x, and have yet to be disappointed. Last time I was here, you had to bring your own tequila, which is of Drama in the state of PA, because their LL was still en route.  

Again, let it be said that if you are from a Mexican food locale, you might not be wowed, but if you are just looking for a great meal at a good price or haven't had non-chain Mexican food many times - I think this place can't be beat. 

You can take the trolley down Girard to get there.
Las Cazuelas has been around for a while now and I can definitely say that the food continues to impress. Las Cazuelas does not cater to the tex-mex crowd, instead the restaurant focuses on the traditional Mexican stylings. I especially like the the plantain chip appetizer special and the Conchita Pibil (although it definitely tastes different in Mexico). I have tried other items on the menu and have never been disappointed. The dessert menu is pretty decent and the tres leche is always ordered by a few people at our table. Although the tres leche is tres bien, I tried the banana crepe dessert once and have not gone back to tres leche. I love that the chips and salsa are served right after you sit down. For all the awesomeness that the food brings to the table, the wait staff always leaves me feeling under appreciated. For the most part, the staff is not very attentive. I'm sorry, but yes I do want a refill of my water and chips/salsa without having to ask. I also want the waiters to notice when we need another bottle of wine opened. 
On the subject of wine...Las Cazuelas is byob. Unlike Lolita, Las Cazuelas provides the margarita mix free of charge (I have not picked up the bill in a while, so I am assuming this is still the case). Overall, this is a great byob for consistently good food.
Came here on a week night with a Groupon deal and got bonus dining points on OpenTable! Note that the door on Girard isn't the actual door so you gotta go around to the 4th Street side to enter. It looks like a hole in the wall but apparently it received a Best of Philly award from Philly Magazine around 2001?  

Here's what we got:
- Plantano Yuccateco ($7) - Never had stuffed plantains before! I liked the ground beef on top, kind of a nice surprise!
- Pastor Tacos (3 for $8.50) - I'm a fan of pork tacos with pineapple and enjoyed this.
- Fajita El Vaquero ($14.50 + $1.50 for steak) - It was good at the time, but was too oily and felt heavy. At this point in the meal, the oilines from the plantains earlier and this felt too heavy for one meal. I liked the side of guac, but I didn't care much for the beans and rice.

Overall, not bad for the Groupon deal but not sure if I liked it that much that I would come back versus trying out another Mexican place. Had a wonderful server though and service was professional, so still a good experience.
Although the service was top notch and the chips and salsa were delicious, the main course was a little underwhelming.  

In fact, on the walk home, I realized that although I haven't grocery shopped in quite awhile, I still could have prepared the same meal at home.  

That was depressing.  

It just seems like they are caught between being a snooty NoLibs restaurant and a neighborhood mexican place.
This is my longest review because the service was pretty terrible so I have a lot to say. 

My boyfriend and I had bought a Groupon for this place in efforts to try something new for our anniversary dinner. This place is cute, small and intimate. We were greeted by a women in a T-shirt which I thought was odd because she was dressed if she was working in a pizza shop and not a restaurant. She sat us down at the table and went over to the computer and tinkered around with it. We assumed she was just the hostess and not the waitress. As we waited for someone to take our drink order, It was enough time that we  read the entire menu thoroughly twice. When we figured out what we wanted the women in the T-shirt was still at the computer  and no one took our drink order yet.  My boyfriend then got up and asked if she was the waitress and she nodded her head yes, so he told her we are ready to order when she was. She then took another several minutes before walking over  with some chips. 
We both have a gluten allergy and my boyfriend has a vegetable oil allergy. We asked the waitress if the chips were cooked on vegetable oil and explained my boyfriend was allergic. She said she didn't know and just stared at us. My boyfriend then politely asked if she could go check. She informed us are cooked in vegetable oil so of course he didn't eat them. We ordered a chicken fajita and a chicken quesadilla. The menu said have a choice of corn or flour for both items and we asked for corn. Our waitress was very confused as to why I was specifying corn tortillas because she said "we only have corn tortillas not the flour ones" I wasn't going to argue because I wanted corn. (At this point she still didn't take out drink order) She placed the order and returned and tell us everything is cooked in vegetable oil... So I asked her if we should leave or do you have any other substitute for vegetable oil and of course she said "I don't know" and stared at us. Again, my boyfriend had to asked her to go check for us. At this point I imagine the owner or manager got involved. He said he would cook everything in Olive Oil, and let me tell you the food was delicious! We were pleasantly surprised after the huge headache of being there. After the food came out we still had nothing to drink so we asked the manager if we could get some water and we ate. I can't say enough about how good that Mexican food was!  I got the check and the bill was $30.25 which was perfect because our Groupon was $30 and our card could be charged .25 so we could tip the waitress. (I always tip regardless of the service, some people have bad days) The check came back of wrong, not surprised and she took $25 off our bill so I showed her it's $30 not $25 so I hand her the bill to adjust it and my card to charge me the .25 difference.  She comes back the bill saying it was now $28 and we had no bill after the Groupon. I explained I only had my card and I wanted to tip her even if she did run my card for .25. She stared at us and said "uhhh, I don't know" My boyfriend said hey if you can work it out we will tip you but she said not worry about it. I did feel bad but my boyfriend even said, she made the decision on not taking a tip.
Pros- Great environment 
             Great food 
             BYOB 
             Accommodating to food allergies if you asked someone other then the waitress 

Cons - THE SERVICE. It was enough to not go back unless the manager agreed to let me take own order and personally give it took the cooks. Also help ourselves to some water...because the waitress won't. It's a shame because the food has been amongst the best. It could have been our new favorite place.
Mexican food makes me crazy forgetful. One mention of Jarritos obliterates any prior ban I may have had on artificial colors and flavors and I find myself saying piña without hesitation. Tres leches cake makes me forget I'm lactose intolerant. Bring on three milks! I can take 'em. A good mole makes me forget my own name. Las Cazuelas delivers on all counts. Also, server is adorable. What makes girls with beauty marks so foxy?
Latin food is close to my heart as there are tons of Mexican restaurants where I grew up.  I was ecstatic when my friend suggested a group of us BYO here as it is supposedly a Venezuelan restaurant.  

I have always sat in the larger party rooms, but the front room is small and dimly lit.  Romantic for a couple on a less crowded night.  The chips and salsa are a little on the salty side.  You do not need to order extra hot salsa or extra hot anything if it already comes hot at this restaurant.  I love spicy and asking for more here has gotten the best of me.  The chicken and rice is to die for as well as anything with shrimp.  Both come succulent and well-seasoned.  The rice is cooked a little differently than most traditional mexican rice.  It's hard and tastes a little undercooked, similar to a lot of authentic paella dishes from Spain.  That's how it's suppose to be prepared, but if you like it more well-cooked, they're happy to oblige.  My roommate ordered a shrimp salad (again, anything with their shrimp can't go wrong).  Everyone loved what was ordered.  Dessert was also really yummy.  The flan was smooth and creamy and the fried bananas were also a go.  I don't think you can order wrong on the menu.

Since it is byo, they have a special where if you have a certain number of people and order several pitchers of magarita mix, the first one is on the house!  So yes to bringing tequila and making it a fun night to remember.  The waiters are happy to take shots all around.  We even got the cooks to come take one with us since it was close to closing time.  A fun and tasty place to be if you're looking to reconnect with a group of people.
I had high hopes for this place based on the good reviews. However, the food was very meh and things got way worse after I finished my meal and went home.

I came with a friend for lunch. We split an order of the carnitas nachos. I ordered the tacos illegales and my friend ordered the chicken enchiladas with mole sauce. The carnitas nachos were really good: covered in cheese and pico de gallo, with a healthy serving of great marinated pork. My tacos (with steak, chicken and chorizo) were unimpressive. The only meat that stood out was the chorizo; the steak and chicken were pretty bland and forgettable. Also, they only use one tortilla for each taco, so grease was seeping through and dripping all over my hands by the time I got to my third taco.

This is where things get gross: an hour or two after eating, I felt shooting pains in my gut. I immediately had to rush home to the bathroom and experienced a bad case of the runs. I didn't eat anything prior to lunch besides two waffles. Still, unsure if it was for sure the food that made me poop my brains out, I consulted with my friend. He too had gone through the same experience after I dropped him off.

Point is, don't come here unless you're looking for unexciting Mexican food that might leave you running for the toilet a couple hours after your meal.
I could not find a dang negative thing to say about this place if I tried! 

Came in on a Tuesday evening at about 7:30 pm to a packed house- luckily we were able to be seated at the last remaining table. The space is small, dark, and intimate- perfect for a date night, not so great for a group dinner.

Our waitress was so sweet and accommodating, & happily gave us extra chips and salsa and tortillas when we ran out. She also expertly mixed the tequila we brought with their homemade margarita mix.

Two of us shared chorizo queso fundido, nachitos and steak fajitas. Loved it all. The queso fundido was SO good- just make sure to eat it all before it cools down. Love that the fajitas come with rice and beans, also. 

We were able to use a Groupon and get out of there for under 20 bucks, including tip. Would highly recommend and will definitely return, with or without a Groupon!
Came here with my girlfriend after getting a yelp deal and with over 130 reviews and an average of four stars I figured it was a no brainer.  Boy was I wrong, the place was empty and we were the only two people in there for the first hour it was open which is a little odd for a brunch place that seems to be quite popular and well reviewed.  The waitress was nice enough but seemed flustered which was also strange since we were her only customers, something just didn't feel right about this place.  We ordered the tamales which were gross, just a thick heavy corn batter steamed with a barely flavored cheese that resembled silly putty and didn't taste much better.  I ordered the poblano omelette which was supposed to come with roasted poblano peppers but it was basically the same omelet you can get at any diner in the world, cheese, red & green bell peppers and mushrooms but if you're paying attention you notice I didn't mention the roasted poblano because the omelette was completely devoid of it, I almost thought I by chance ordered the wrong meal because how can you honestly forget the ingredient the dish is named after, it's like ordering a fish taco but not actually getting fish in the tortilla.  I've eaten breakfast, lunch and dinner at many Mexican restaurants on both coasts and I must say this was the worst I've experienced, the food just didn't taste good nor the ingredients.  I didn't even bother to ask them to replace my meal with the proper ingredients because I feared what would come out next.  To add insult to injury I asked for some hot sauce (you know because the omelette had no flavor sans the poblano peppers) which was provided but I got charged an extra dollar for that lovely privilege.  Do yourself a favor and grab Mexican food at the myriad of other taquerias in Philly that offer a wholesome, fresh Mexican meal which is the exact opposite you can expect from this place, the one word I have for this place is gross.
It was really just ok. Honestly, I don't understand why places charge $2.75 for an authentic Mexican taco. I little spatter of chicken inside some corn tortillas? I know this isn't just at this restaurant, it's all over but it's really stupid! And $6 for a side order of rice and beans at lunch time? I feel really ripped off. We won't be back. Also, with an open kitchen, I strongly suggest that all kitchen staff dress in chef wear. One guy was wearing a scummy t-shirt. It just doesn't look good to customers dining. Know what I mean?

My expectations may have been too high with all of the awards on the wall (of course, they were all pretty old.)
Stopped in for lunch and was happy that I did!! It was a quick in and out. Was worth the wait. The gentleman that took the order was nice.

Ate my food in the car on the go (lol) and it was pretty good! The corn was tasty and flavorful. The shrimp....mmmmmm!!!! It's hard to find a true spot that has authentic Mexican food. Let me tell you something...these shrimp tacos was SO ON POINTTTT!!! The shrimp tacos were fresh, with the fixings and cooked just right!

The place was a bit empty at lunch time but it looked like a cool restaurant to stop in and eat. A lot of people seem to order on an app for their food.

I will definitely be coming back!!!
5 stars for the service. Our server was amazing and took good care of us. 
5 stars for tres leche as well. Big portion, can be shared between two people.
The food itself was alright. We ordered chicken empanadas which was okaish and I found it a little oily, fish taco was really good specially with the house made sauce on it, chilli rellenos was okaish too. Although the quantity for everything was good. 
Its BYOB. And if you checkin on yelp get free margarita mix so don't forget to take your tequilla!!!
I have eaten here a few times and I always enjoy it.  It is BYO and they have a variety of mixers you can order for $7.  The reg margarita is the best and if you like rum punch, bring a bottle and mix it with the punch. It's great!!!

If the weather is nice we will sit outside and I would make reservations to be safe as you can never really tell when it will or won't be busy. They have 4 separate rooms to eat in. 2 upstairs and 2 downstairs.  I like the downstairs back room best.

Though the entrees are good, I recommend ordering a bunch of appetizers and share if you are with a group of people.  The queso with mushrooms is amazing! I also enjoy the ceviche and guacamole.  The sopa azteca is good but just know that there is a little spice to it.  I have had the Chuleta Tentacion and Arrechara. Both were good but I prefer their appetizers.  The banana crepes and vanilla tres leche are great for dessert, if you have room!

They also often run groupon and living social deals ($25 for $60). You can't beat it.  Can't wait to go back again.
Food was excellent, no sarcasm! Steak and shrimp tacos were both on point.

However...

Do NOT sit upstairs! Service suffered immensely, we literally had to walk downstairs to get our check after sitting and waiting 15 minutes to get our credit card back. When we walked downstairs, our waiter and two other employees were literally sitting on the stairwell w our receipts in hand, just not coming up to finish our experience.

Oh, and it must be noted that my wife found a sizable piece of saran wrap in her rice. When mentioned, we were comped with a free dessert. A nice gesture, but once again left us with no waiter for 15 minutes while we picked at it even though full. 

Great food, slow service, plastic wrap. The end.
Great food and friendly staff that went above and beyond the call of duty.  Definitely try the Tres Leche Cake when you go!
The continuous (and sometimes Quixotic) quest for good Mexican in Philly finds fulfillment at Laz Cazuelas, which balances a relaxed vibe with authentic Mexican food and BYOB functionality. Throw in mariachis and boat-drink support and it's almost enough to ignore the blasts of cold winter air rushing in each time the door opens and pretend you're chillaxing in Jalisco.

Pros
-For Mexican it mostly starts and ends with the food. We had the Sopa Azteca and Ceviches for starters (both delicious, the sopa azteca exquisitely spicy) before moving onto the skirt steak and mole enchiladas, both were terrific.
-Price - there's nothing here to suggest the fusion with New American ala Xochitl or Lolita, so stuff costs what it should. 
-BYOB

Cons
-Nothing overriding here. Since it's the season, I'd seek a redress for the aforementioned blasting cold air problem when the door opens, but some might find that refreshing, particularly when braced with a spicy bowl of Sopa Azteca.
The food here is super tasty and they're vegetarian friendly.  Prices were reasonable and it's BYOT or B if you don't drink tequila drinks, which is not an issue for me because man oh man do I!  Beware-- the traditional margarita mix is pretty sweet and made with orange juice since it doesn't have triple sec in it.  

We ate here on a Friday night, sans reservations and were seated pretty much immediately.  The ambience was lovely and the bathrooms clean.  I'll definitely eat here again and try the non-traditional margarita mix next time.
My constant need for the half star: I would give this three and a half stars.  (note: my fellow diners would have given it four).  I visited Las Cazuelas for the second time last night.  Yelp deems three stars as "A-ok" and I think that is a very fitting label for Las Cazuelas.  It is a step up from many Mexican BYO's if decor and ambiance is what you're looking for.  The space is large, with ample upstairs seating.  It is a bit pricier than some other Mexican BYO's . . . but that's because the menu is more advanced than burritos and tacos.  

We started with the queso fundido . . . as always.  This was good, standard, and enjoyable.  We also got the tacos dorados, which were also fairly standard and enjoyable.  I ordered the enchiladas with crab, which again, I found to be standard and enjoyable.  Nothing was bad; nothing was outstanding.  

It is a great place to go with a group as it does have the seating and capacity.  And they take credit cards-woohooo!
Ole Ole Ole Ole and just one more Ole ! 
This place is the real deal and then some. After missing our original movie time CB and i were famished and in need of a place that was open for lunch and close to /in Nolibs. After a combination of yelping and groupon nowing we decided on Las Cazuelas. We walked in and the place was empty as in the kitchen staff , hostess and waitress were all standing around not usually a good sign but we went with it. After seating us at a table the hostess/waitress offered up bevs since we did not want to imbibe before the film we went with mexican sodas pina for me and orange for CB. Chips and salsa arrived at the table and the salsa had a surprising sweet flavor but it was cold (weird) but still tasty. We started with the fundidio which comes with your choice of mushrooms, chorizo or poblano peppers. We opted for the peppers. The fundido was perfect the peppers added a little kick and the cheese was stringy greasy perfection. My only gripe was we only got 3 flour tortillas so its a good thing we still had plenty of chips left or all that fundido would have been wasted. I couldn't decide if i wanted 2 or 3 tacos and at 2.75 each ( A STEAL ) i got 3 shrimp tacos authentic w/ cilantro and onions. I expected nothing like what i received. 3 huge shrimp tacos each holding 3 GIANT shrimp and just a sprinkling of onions the perfect ratio. the shrimp were cooked amazingly well and were seasoned with a slight spice YUM. CB tried each of the chicken taco options and one shrimp he enjoyed them all very much. Since they offered dessert and I'm a sucker for sweet things we split the tres leches cake which was very moist and creamy. I wrapped up my lunch with a mexican coffee hot and sweet with just a little punch. Our service was great and towards the end of lunch more tables arrived.
This restaurant is a little on the small side (downstairs has less than 6 tables I'm sure it would be great for groups though) Id say come here for a start to your friday night since its a BYOT and a BYOB . The menu is very reasonable and the parking situation is pretty awesome . I will def be back i think i found my Philly Mexican GO TO SPOT
The food and the atmosphere here is great but not good enough for the poor service.  Be prepared to be here for awhile if you are coming to eat.  The waitress did not ask for a drink order and every time we needed something we had to track her down.  

I am not a fan of a traditional Mexican restaurant where there is not hot sauce or salsa on the table, you have to ask for it and they charge you a $1.
It's good solid Mexican but it just didn't excite me. The prices are a bit high but it's a very pretty space . Maybe it's not fair to rate after only one visit but here you go. Went for an early dinner. Service was good. But nothing blew me away. Had the shrimp, it was a little over cooked and the tortillas were not really hot. Some of the chips seemed less then fresh. The ice tea was over brewed and tannic. My ex loved her entree mole' and she was the chef at Zocalo years ago. So... trust her judgment more then mine. But this is my review.
DISCLAIMER : my wife is a head chef so I'm kind of spoiled on really good food, so I have high expectations.

Wife and I went to LC for an early dinner last Saturday. I had bought the $20 for $10 deal, so when we got there and the waitress offered to make us Margharita's, I was all for driving two blocks and picking up a mid-level bottle! (after we ordered the apps)! 

The Mango Margaritas were very tasty. Out came our empanadas and Mole. I was surprised how small the empanadas were and there were only two (2). My wife and I both come from the food business and we have run restaurants and cafeteria's. We know it costs about 25-35 cents to make the empanadas and mole, and they were charging $7.50 for each dish! The food was Good I must say, but it did not knock our socks off. 

The pulled pork did not have enough Mexican spices in it, it kind of reminded us of bbq pulled pork. The seafood enchiladas were good, but for $18 bucks? They brought me out a side of hot sauce, complimented the food well.

When we got the bill I notices they had charged us $7.00 for the margarita mix, and $1.00 for the small side of hot sauce. I felt like I was being nickel and dimed and the prices were a little steep. I would like to try out other Mexican restaurants in area and then compare them to LC, but for now... only two stars for this one. Despite everything it was a pleasurable experience, i think it helped that we had just come from philly brew co, and drank beer for an few hours beforehand...
The food here is really great, especially the appetizers. Everything tastes fresh and authentic. The entrees tend to be a little expensive in comparison to the portions. My husband and I usually get 3-4 appetizers and split an entree (generally the arrachera, which is excellent). The tres leches is to die for! I subtracted a star because the service can be spotty, at best. The waitstaff is friendly, however pretty much every time I've eaten here (easily 20 times), they always seem to be in the weeds. This results in things like waiting an inordinately long time to have your order taken, water not getting refilled and then long waits for the check. I really wish they'd get it together in that regard.
I went for lunch this weekend for the first time. Thought it was a warm, cozy place with decent, friendly service.  Had the chicken with mole poblano, which was well seasoned, really tasty! For dessert, the tres leches was very good. Overall good restaurant, and would definitely go back.
I went here for dinner with a Groupon and, to be honest, I was pleasantly surprised. The place is quaint and clean. The waitress was jovial as she greeted us and lead us to our table. She took the time to go over menu options and any questions we had. Now to the good part. The food! We ordered the shrimp ceviche, the sampler and the 'el tejano' burrito. The food came well plated and was delicious! Word of caution; if ordering when hungry, the sampler is enough of a meal for two, don't get a burrito too. By the time the burrito came, I was stuffed from the sampler and ceviche. I did take a bite of the burrito ( it was also lunch the next day) and it was quite delicious! I'd definitely go to this little gem again!
I went to Las Cazuelas for the first time last week and the best part about the experience was the tequilla...and we brought that with us.  From start to finish, this place was a disappointment.  The place was completely empty when we arrived and we still had a long waits for service.  This is a BYO so we brought tequilla with us but expected they would make our margaritas.   Instead they brought the maragarita mix to the table and told us to pour the tequilla in our glasses and then add the mix.  Admittedly, this did allow for stronger drinks which were needed by the time our appetizers came out.  All of the food we ordered seemed extremely greasy, especially the queso which basically solidified before it got to our table.  I have been to some really good mexican places in the city but this clearly is not one of them.
I have been here a few times this year and have had a great experience.  Last night...not so much.
Started with the Ricotta Chz Empanadas.  Based on another review that raved about them, I decided to try.  They came out golden and crispy on the exterior.  I broke one open and the smell of MOLD hit me in the face.  I tasted one to make sure my assumption was correct.  I told the waitress and she gave me the excuse that, "that is the way they are supposed to smell and taste b/c the ricotta chz they use is not American."  WTF?  The waitress took the barely touched app away.  I get the bill and they are still on the check.  I called her over to ask to have them removed and she says,"The owner says you ate them".  Now I'm a straight up person...if I ate em, I will pay for it.  She delivers the newly edited check back to me with an attitude.  THAT will affect your tip, chica!!
On the plus side, the CHULETA NORTENA (pork chop) was juicy and flavorful.  Accompanied by the slightly sweet and creamy sweet potato.  The chipotle-tamarind sauce gave the thick cut chop a sweet and slightly spicy accent.  A must have.
So I love spicy food.  At most places,  I load on the hot sauce.  So I assumed when I got the arroz con pollo with chicken, rice, and mexican sauage (which was delicious) that it wouldn't be spicy enough.  I so stupidly didn't even taste it and asked for some hot sauce, which they brought me in a dish.  It looked like Franks Red Hot, so I dumped it on.  Big mistake.  The hot sauce was SO SPICY (which unbeknownst to me, they charged me $1 for).  It was so hot that I downed 5 glasses of water, had tears in my eyes, and couldn't finish the rest of my meal.  On the plus side, I was stuffed from water and hence, didn't overeat!

The service here is really fantastic.  The server was so friendly and kept our water glasses filled.  We had a groupon ($15 for $30) and although it didn't say it on the groupon, the server told us that it came with a free dessert!  We got the crepes with bananas, caramel, and fresh berries which was tasty.   You also get free chips and tomatillo sauce, which was great.  The place is BYO, takes credit cards, and they offer different margarita mixes w/ your booze.  They have a private room upstairs which is great to reserve for large groups.
9/13/12-
Anybody been?
Went last night, and really enjoyed it.  First of all, I'm not a giant fan of Mexican food, or heat, but I found this place to have enough choices that there were quite a few things I would have ordered easily.
Started with the empanadas de tinga, which were stuffed with good shredded chicken, some onions, and just enough heat. I'm sure there's something else in there, check the menu.  Another started was a very good salad, served with pineapple and pear, (I love salads with fruit in them) and a delicious cilantro dressing, the menu said glazed almonds, but they weren't there, and it was still very good.
Entree's were enchiladas de cangrejo y camaron, which was packed with tons of crab and shrimp, and the only complaint my companion had was that they wished the topping sauce was just a little spicier.
I ordered mole poblano, and I have to say, it was very good.  A very good size portion, served with rice and black beans (yech, don't care for those). We both couldn't finish our entree's because they were so generous, and we wanted to save room for dessert.  Flan....wonderful, but honestly, if you go there for no other reason, go for the banana crepes.  The crepe was so light, almost see through, and it was a very good finish to the meal.  I think the next time we go, we'll just order a bunch of the appetizers, and sample more.
No entree is over $20, with most in the $16/17 range.  Plus we had a groupon.
I liked it and thought the food and service was fine.  Such a nice little neighborhood treasure, I just thought I would share with anyone who hasn't been.
http://www.lascazuelas.net/Menus/Dinner.html
With Mole on my mind we decided to try Las Cazuelas. Believe it or not it's tough to find a Mexican BYOB with Mole dishes on their menu in this city... From the get go I knew service was going to be an issue. The hostess couldn't accommodate us sitting upstairs because she claimed she had to fill the first floor first so she squished us into the only remaining table downstairs. For the entire meal I felt like everyone in the restaurant could hear my conversation and I could clearly hear theirs making it a very uncomfortable dining experience. 
After being seated we waited over 15 minutes for someone to come get our drink orders which was completely unacceptable as there were 2 servers and only 20 people in the tiny restaurant. 
Anyways, you now understand that the service was terrible, on to the food! We started with the Chicken Quesadillas and Las Tres Marias which were corn patties topped with pork, chicken, black beans, and chipotle. The apps were yummy but I would pass on the Quesadillas as they were nothing special. For dinner we had the Chicken Mole which was only slightly above average.  The portion was average and it was $17.50 for the entree which was a bit high considering I finished my meal and was still slightly hungry. 
I would return only to try other items and if I happened to be in the neighborhood. There are other mexican restaurants in the city that are much better and as affordable.
I don't know if it's that I am not the biggest fan of Mexican food or it was just ok. Service and food were good. Would I go back? Yes. Am I in a hurry? Not so much. By checking into yelp you receive a free pitcher of margarita. We chose the pomegranate. It was yummy. Started off with the guacamole and ceviche. For my entree I stuck with a vegetarian dish. Stuff portabella mushroom with melted cheese peppers and their tomato sauce. I'm not a vegetarian, but if you are there is a decent selection to choose from.
Went there for a group birthday party. Very tastefully decorated, quaint and clean neighborhood place. I think it has been redone since the picture was taken. Open air balcony upstairs overlooks the street, perfect for summer. Friendly staff and delicious, authentic Mexican food. A really good experience.
So disappointed in this place. I have ordered before and this time I placed a large order over $100 for my family. However there were 2 items missing. I called both the driver and the restaurant and was stunned with their response. They were so rude and did not take any responsibility saying that everything was sent. I told them I was missing the flan and the guacamole and no resolution at all. Claiming they sent it to me. I paid them full amount and no flan and no guacamole. They did not apologize nor offer to send missing items. They stole from me. A bunch of thieves they are!!  Horrible that in this time a restaurant would take advantage of customers trying to support our community.  I will never order from them again. And I suggest you stay away from these thieves.
Attention vegan and vegetarian people!   If you have not been here in a while (for me it was 2 years) you should give it another try.  They have responded to customer demand (and the fact that there are 3 other hipster-mex places within 4 blocks).  Now you can substitute seitan in almost any of the dishes and they are very accomodating.  I originally hated to go here because my friends would say how delicious their meals were while i was stuck eating a cactus salad.  Not that the salad was bad, but I like to have options, you know?  We recently went for lunch and the two of us ate for less than $15, and it was really good!  The complimentary tortilla chips are the best amongst the local competition.  Owner is a long-time NL resident and neighborhood supporter.  Give it another shot.  I was so glad that I did.
I've been becoming better acquainted with Latin culture and food checking out this spot and that spot. This isn't a bad spot. Not bad at all. It does seem out of place given the area, but I suppose things will get better. I didn't really get anything special, I just really had a taste for some chorizo tacos. I think there was a better way to go about finding some, but I can't really complain about this place.

The tacos were good and I was satisfied with the chips and dip. I also had a Sidral Mundet... apple soda (I'm kicking myself for buying this... and overall for not getting the Yelp special). It tastes good and I like it, but not for $2.50 I should've asked the price. I tried my first tres leches cake and that was good also, but I still felt it was over priced. As far as I know, it is what it was supposed to be (presentation and all), but I was expecting more both in portion and quality. I'll have to see what other places are offering to really understand. Remember, this was my first try.

The service was cool. There weren't many people in there at the time, but there were enough that the 2 servers and manager (I suppose) kept busy. The ambiance is nice with candlelight and wine glasses awaiting (BYOB). Heh. I just wanted some good food, but Las Cazuelas will do for a potential date spot. I will be back... Yelp deal in tow!
I was unfortunately disappointed on my last visit to Las Cazuelas.  With all of our friends heading to Mexico this week, I had a craving for some margaritas and spicy food.  I finally decided to order something other than my usual and I am still regretting it 5 days later  Unlike previous visits when I had always had the vegetarian enchiladas, I decided to try the Chile Rellano. It was definitely a mistake. The overall flavors in the dish were really lacking, which I am assuming was the sauce. Unlike the enchiladas green sauce, the rellano come with a tomato based red sauce. I found it to be bland, even after I added salt and pepper to it. The highlight of the dish was the melted, stringy Oaxaca cheese.  The bf also ordered something different than his norm, and while he enjoyed his arroz con pollo more than I enjoyed my meal he will not be ordering it again either. 

I still really like the vibe and location of this restaurant so we will give them another shot.  I will probably revert to ordering the enchiladas again for fear of disappointment.
The best Mexican BYO in the city, home to my favorite salad: House salad with seitan. I live close by and usually have a fantastic experience dining here. The food is reasonably priced. The staff is excellent (although sometimes, albeit rarely, our wait staff will less than an ideal grasp on the English language). And there are plenty of vegan options, including salad, several tacos, a main entree, and a burrito sans cheese and sour cream, although in the future I hope they'll add some more dedicated vegan items to the menu. For reference, I've been coming here for 4+ years.
This was a highly recommended place. Was there bout an hour ago. Had a nice but clueless waitress.  That was the beginning of the horrible experience. 
The food was not good at all. Ordered the Appetizer stuffed plantain which was ok.  Probably the best thing we had. I ordered the house special burrito and it was very bland. My wife ordered the carne gisada and it had zero flavor. I was very disappointed being Latino and being used to flavor filled food this place was a waste of my 50.00 dollars.   I had to ask for napkins , ask for ice for my room temp sodas and finally had to ask 3 times for a check.  Combined service and tasteless food I will never go back. Needless to say, I believe the he'd chef or manager was there and observed the whole thing.  The are is all new and seems the attitude is still present.   La Casuelas needs to have a better chef and better staff.   Save your money.
Confession, I walked past this place EVERYDAY during high school and now almost 10 years after graduating did I finally come here. 

The atmosphere of the restaurant is very homey and laid back. Perfect for the drizzly evening my friend and I met up here. The staff was friendly and helpful (thanks for not putting the onions on my tacos!!). They also didn't rush us out once we were done our food. 

I inhaled my carnitas tacos as soon as they were in front of me (hence no pictures for this review). They had great flavor and left me feeling satisfied. Have to say the only thing that I was kinda bummed by was the amount of guacamole given for $9. Not sure why my three tacos cost less than a small serving of guac... but the guac was still good!
Now officially my favorite Mexican restaurant in Philadelphia. Where do I begin?

I went in on a sunny Sunday afternoon while on the way to meet some friends at the 941 Theater. The place was empty and there was only one waiter working.

I ordered the camarones tropical at the behest of the waiter. While waiting for my meal, I was pleasantly surprised to be given free chips and salss. This is not a taqueria. There's not a burrito on the menu, so they are under no obligation to give you chips and salsa, but they did anyway. While the chips were average, the red sauce was very good.

The entree came out. It was an array of jumbo shrimp with rice, mixed veggies and plantains all bathed in a coconut milk, mango and habanero sauce. It was one of the tastiest meals I've ever had. The shrimp were cooked just right. The vegetables and rice were fresh and hot. The plantains were crunchy, which was a perfect addition since I love some crunch mixed in with my food. And the coconut/mango/habanero sauce was stellar. It made the meal. It was some of the best Mexican I've ever had, and I'll go back in a heartbeat.

The place got a little more crowded and the waiter was alone, so I was aware that some of the customers had to wait a little bit longer than I did, but trust me, the food at Las Cazuelas is worth the wait.
Went for lunch this week and got the
empanaditas de tinga.
pros: nice quiet atmosphere (at lunch time), pleasant waiter, good
chips and salsa, good empanadas (which are only on the dinner menu, but I was allowed to order them at lunch!).

cons: waiter disappeared after serving my entre (i couldn't find anyone
to refill my water glass), menu items lacked price diversity- it was
lunch time and all I really wanted was an inexpensive burrito to fill
my belly, but everything on the menu was at least 7 bucks (and I didnt
even see burritos).

overall: I'd go back, but only if i want to eat out for dinner.
Had a delightful meal here last week! This cute spot was not at all on my radar, but we had a very tasty dinner and enjoyed our meal.

We shared the Flautas to start, which was a nice way to start the meal, and to accompany our chips & salsa. The chips could have been saltier (but then again, I enjoy salt) -  but the homemade salsas were terrific - bright and spicy mmmhmmm.

I ordered the Cancun tacos (tilapia) - which were exactly what I was craving. The grilled fish was tender and the accompanying chipotle mayo made for perfect bites. It is 3 tacos per order, which was the perfect amount.

My boyfriend went for the Cochinita Pibil - which was a generous platter filled with rice, beans, braised pork shoulder, plantains, etc. I snuck a few bites and wow - a ton of flavor. The meat was incredibly tender.

Service was attentive and all-around friendly. 

I need to come back, for sure!
My date was in the mood for Mexican.  I've been to Dos Segundos before and although it is more prototypically what you visualize for American Mexican it was not what I was in the mood for.    I also considered El Camino Real but, once again, not quite what I was after.  I found Las Cazuelas and it was well reviewed plus it was BYO.  It seemed well reviewed so I was looking forward to it.

We brought a bottle and we showed up.  It is a nice, small, one room place with a pleasant staff.  They were proud of their Mole sauce so that is what I ordered, over chicken.  My date had the vegetable enchiladas.  We both cleaned our plates.  The food was pretty good.

I will say this.  Based on the address I was expecting maybe more of a hole in the wall taqueria than a kind of fancy $20 entree place.  The truth is that is what I was looking for so I was disappointed but I did feel that I got my $50 worth.

Now that I know what to expect I would definitely return.
We've been to Las Cazuelas a few times with Groupons.  Both times are food was "okay" and nothing to write home about.  I do love the concept of BYOT and the margaritas were pretty good.  I didn't particularly like the sauce on the enchiladas and felt that the food was somewhat dry.  I feel like there are a lot more better Mexican restaurants in the city.
Ok want to start off by saying it's my birthday so heyyy!!! Ok went here tonight for my bday dinner I honestly can say it's ok. I heard a lot about this place and wanted to try it so the food was pretty good it has a great mixture of authentic and Tex mex but overall it wasn't bad if I lived in this neighborhood this would be my favorite Mexican spot not getaway lol....I ordered basically a carne Asada with rice and beans the steak was to die for I wish is wasn't well done because it would be a little bit better but the flavor was excellent that was my favorite dish of the night. My Bf had a burrito I believe it could have been better but it was pretty packed and he was full.   My all time favorite of the night was the dessert we shared a "tres Leche cake" I'm pretty sure that was the wrong name but Im close and I have pictures so you will see.... this cake was amazing!! It was a little dry at the top but they basically had like a homemade whipped cream for the top which was amazing and the best part was the bottom which was very moist that held the three different types of milk on the bottom. I would share the secret but I was told not too lol you just have to try it! I would say that this place can deserve five stars but they have to work on some their waitress staff so these stars I put was for my overall experience. 3 stars for the overall experience 4 stars for
The cake!
Enchiladas and empanadas to die for!
Good chips/dip!
'nuff said.

The sauces here are very strong so if you good at shoveling carbs and meat down your throat but wary of foreign flavors overwhelming the flavors you are more used to, I'd ask for sauce on the side so you can elect for the portion you desire. 

The price/portion ratio was fairly decent.
The waitress was adorably foreign and friendly.
The parking situation was quite easy.

Do it!
My boyfriend and I had a groupon. We didn't have to drive long to find a street parking. This is an adorable little corner location.

My boyfriend has the moles enchiladas and had the eggplant vegetarian dish. The mole enchiladas were a traditional Hispanic dish, and it brought back memories of studying abroad in Costa Rica. The eggplant dish was poorly seasoned with little to know flavor. In addition, it was really hot and ice cold in other places, which was confusing. However, the eggplant was well cooked and not mushy. Also, it had a beautiful presentation!


Why the three stars? This is a small location and my boyfriend and I went at the end of October. We sat next to the door because that was the only spot opened. There was a party in the upstairs room and the wait staff kept opening and closing the door allowing cold air in and the people arriving at the party kept the door open constantly too. I asked for café de olla despite being eight o'clock at night because I was frozen. I told the waiter I was very cold and so was my boyfriend. He said he would try to keep the door open, which didn't happen. My boyfriend got up several times to shut the door. The waiter also forgot the coffee. So, I was annoyed and my boyfriend felt bad. The food was fairly good. But, the atmosphere of the meal took away from it leaving it disappointing.
For authentic, fresh and flavorful Mexican food, you have to go to Las Cazuelas. The enchiladas, Mole, and Mole Enchiladas are fantastic. The Horchata and Mexican Coffee are excellent drinks. It gets major points for being BYOB. The meats are so tender and the rice is perfectly cooked. The main reason for the perfect five stars is what topped the whole experience for me: the dessert. THE BEST DESSERT I'VE EVER EATEN. EVER. You MUST order the Cheesecake Bunuelos!!! It will blow your mind. I will forever be returning to Las Cazuelas.
Great family owned restaurant with fantastic mexican food and BYO (T).  Medium sized restaurant with two separate dining areas, good for large groups as you can reserve the entire back room.

The service is fantastic, even when we've shown up 20 minutes prior to closing time, the wait staff was still incredibly hospitable.  The margaritas they mix are great, which is saying something as I typically don't enjoy margaritas.  The food is delicious, and parking is very easy in the area.  If you find yourself in Northern Liberties, give it a try!  They frequently run specials on Groupon and Living Social, so keep your eyes open and save a few bucks!
Mexican food in the city can be a hit or miss and it's hard to find a place that serves the authentic stuff, and his place nailed it!! Went here on a Friday night and brought a bottle of tequila. Unfortunately the free pitcher of margarita mix is only valid Monday through Thursday, but the pitcher wasn't that expensive. The empanadas and fish tacos were to die for. We also got shrimp quesadillas. Service was great! Initially they brought out the wrong type of quesadillas, and gave us the shrimp ones on the house.  The only pitfall of this whole dining experience were the complimentary chips and salsa... They were a bit meh
Definitely the best mexican food in the city! Although Pico de Gallo on 15th and South is close. It is a BYOB, but a little on thepricey side. The decor is cute, and the service is good. The food is just delicious!!!
My friend and I bought a living social deal to this restaurant and found ourselves very pleased! We unfortunately did not bring any drinks with us, so we could not taste the drinks that they would mix for you, but were very happy with the food!

We split the nachos and the shrimp and crab empandas. The nachos came out piled high with guac (I was very pleased that there was no extra charge for this), meat, beans, salsa, and tonssss of cheese. It was clear that the tortilla chips were homemade as they were crunchy, thick, but not too greasy. Everything about the nachos was great and messy, exactly what I wanted!

The crab and shrimp empanadas were also really great! Came with some rice and fall vegetables and the pistachio mole blew me away! Complemented the empanadas perfectly, and the filling was great. It was a creamy filling, so if you're a fan of crab rangoon, this was kind of the mexican version of that.

On top of delicious food, we had excellent service. My water cup was constantly being refilled and the waitress checked on us just enough so that we had everything we need, but not too much that we were annoyed with her. 

Overall a great spot! I'll have to come again with drinks and taste the mixed drinks they have :)
First I want to say that I've downgraded my review after having contacted the email address on the website and waiting a week. No reply, no acknowledgement at all.

Because I was hosting family from out of town two weekends ago, the Tuesday before our family event I reserved a table for 11 people on Saturday night via Yelp. We planned our day around this, knowing we'd need to be in No Libs by 7.

I received a phone call to confirm at 12:30, as well as a text message and an email. Three confirmations. When I called around 3 to add one more person, I was told that it wouldn't be a problem but they appreciated the call. Lo an behold, after the 12 of us piled into Ubers and arrived, laden with a few six-packs and a bottle of tequila, we were told there was no reservation; it must have been lost. We spoke to a woman who identified herself as the manager, and with a shrug and an apology, she turned us away.

I couldn't believe this. First of all, we had planned our day around this and spent money and time on transportation to get to our reservation that had been thrice confirmed. Secondly, I was extremely embarrassed to tell my family that the nice dinner we were looking forward to and that I had planned had been cancelled without our knowing it. Finally, to be turned away without any sort of compensation, a coupon off a future visit, anything to attempt to apologize for the inconvenience, was unacceptable.

I am surprised and disappointed by this. As I mentioned in my previous review, I had always had a great experience at this restaurant. At this point, I have no plans to return and I certainly will never make a reservation for a large group again.
I'd like to start by saying it wasn't bad by any means, but there is certainly much better Mexican food in area. I gave two thumbs up for their homemade chips, as they were delicious!  The salsa was pretty good too. I had the vegetarian enchiladas. It seemed like it was just a tortilla wrapped with sparse veggies. The enchilada sauce just ehh. I wouldn't say I would never go back again, because I'd be up to trying something else on their menu. For right now, I just give it 3 stars.
Through the end of the week, Las Cazuelas is offering up any item from their menu for $7 between 11am-3pm. That's a pretty sweet deal. Dan and I stopped in here on a lunch break from work. We picked up a few beers from the Foodery and stopped by.

The spot is tiny, but nice. there are about ten tables across the dining area with a small, open kitchen. The walls are brightly painted, and there are several other endearing decorations. I don't usually go crazy over atmosphere, and one shouldn't expect anything from a place on 5th and Girard, but the decor is well done.

I don't want to make a blanket statement about the service but here are two of my observation's: Las Cazuelas and the Abbaye share some staff, to my chagrin. Second, my first choice on the menu wasn't available (the last two were served moments before). I'm not a restaurant manager, but running out of a dish before lunch (let alone dinner) is finished seems to be problematic. One plus are the free chips and salsa verde as soon as you sit down.

The food came out quickly. I ended up with a dish with rice and pan-seared shrimp, along with caramelized mixed veggies. Everything was acceptable, but I can't rave about anything. The portions could have been a bit bigger. Dan went with marinated beef tips, with refried beans and avocado. He said that the meat wasn't the best cut, and it marinade could have been improved upon. Neither of us could remark about anything other that the fact that we were getting a "good deal for the money."

For our drinks, we picked up Rouge's Chili Ale, which had a great pepper taste that didn't overpower. It was a great way to start our meal. We had the Hot Rock lager from Port Brewing to finish, which was a solid, but not outstanding, lager.

Bottom Line: I'd prefer not to bash a place that is offering such a great deal. I like the initiative to get in new customers. But with a plethora of good Mexican spots, one of my favorites only a few blocks a way, I can't see myself ever going back here.
My husband and I went to Las Cazuelas on the recommendation of a co-worker, when we were looking for a good place for a late lunch/early dinner.  So we've only been there once, but we're definately going back.  The servers were very friendly, and we were seated in a cozy spot.  We both ordered some sort of seafood enchilada with some julienned veggies; it was all simple, but very flavorful, spiced and seasoned just right, and just all-around delish. Then I got a tres-leche cake with some Abuelita hot chocolate--so good!  It was really the perfect meal.  Can't wait to go back.
Food was pretty good, I would recommend the rib eye steak as it is very flavorful and the service was great!  byob so you can bring your best booze!
(Hard to be a strict vegetarian here, but) I love love love the ambiance, the awesome live music on Friday nights, the salads, and the most amazing Tres Leches Cake around!
Comfy place with great food, friendly staff, and cozy atmosphere.  Went with 3 friends, we split 2 entrees and an appetizer and all left satisfied.  Great BYOB place.
I don't know where to begin, because I don't know what I could say that could adequately convey how wonderful this restaurant was.

The wife and I showed up on Saturday night at about 6:45 without reservations. We were seated promptly in the downstairs area. Empty when we arrived by full by departure. Everyone gave sincere greetings and were super nice. We were immediately brought glasses for our wine. 

We had delicious course after delicious course starting with the chicken empanadas, onto the chicken nachos, fish tacos for me and carnitas tacos for her, and then dessert to share. The fish tacos were a delicious work of art and the carnitas were out of this world. 
It would be impossible to say what we liked most, but the biggest surprise of the evening was the dessert. I can't remember the name but it was sweetened cream cheese, in a rolled tortilla, fried, tossed in cinnamon sugar and plated with mango jam and whipped cream. I call it a surprise because we aren't frequent dessert eaters and we almost NEVER eat anything cream or cream cheese bases. But despite already being full and satisfied with our already lovely evening, we DEVOURED the dessert.

 The best part is that it only cost us $35! A steal for the quality.

I'd love to keep this place a secret and have it all to ourselves, but you need business to stay open so there's that. Happy dining!
I just had my first dinner here and it was SPECTACULAR!! The environment was personal, cozy, and there was Spanish language music playing in the background. The hostess/waitress was very warm, sweet, and the service was great despite her being pregnant (she moved quickly)!! There was actual Mexican Coke there (from the bottle), which made my week, and the appetizer Los Dos Ceviches was delicious!! I ordered the Chicken Enchiladas Mole and my tastebuds did somersaults. Every bite of the meal was so authentic and worth every penny!! Having lived in Texas, where the Mexican population is abundant and authentic Mexican food is on every corner, I must admit that I was spoiled and am quite picky. This by far is truly some of the best Mexican food I've had since I moved into the city!!
This place is worth it, We try to come here once a month.  My wife and I  come here to eat, Sopesitos, Flautas, Cochinita and Churros and they are always delicious and made with fresh ingredients.

Some other items We avoid them because We don't like like Flor de calabaza taco.... No everything has to be perfect for my taste.

I am Mexican and come to las Cazuelas to eat real, authentic Mexican food
Really tasty and authentic Mexican food for the area. Being from California, I am used to plenty of flavor which I feel is a challenge to find in certain ethnicities of food out east. 

Although the food is tasty, the employees are really helpful, knowledgable and friendly; the food is a little pricey for being Mexican food. Given that I have made plenty of it in my lifetime, I could vouch to say that the ingredients for Mexican food are low cost (and I buy organic). 

But none the less, it is a nice place and would definitely recommend a visit to Las Cazuelas and will most likely be back a few times myself.
I had been to this restaurant twice, and I was very excited to take my friends there tonight. I called to make a reservation for 7:00pm. I was informed that there were no reservations for earlier than 7:30pm. I said, "No problem, I'll take a reservation for 7:30." The woman asked for my name and informed me that if I wasn't there by 7:30, we would lose our reservation. I replied, "No problem. We will be there by 7:15.!" We got there extra early (about 7:05pm) so that we would not lose our reservation. We gave  the young woman at the host stand our name. She said, "it says you were supposed to be here by 6:30." I explained that that could not be possible, and I went through the whole exchange I had with the woman on the phone. She unapologetically stated, "we have to go by the book," and completely dismissed us. I pleaded with her and reassured her that our reservation was definitely for 7:30 according to my conversation with the woman over the phone. I had friends driving from pretty far to meet us there. She repeated, "we can't seat you," and basically walked away from us. It was freezing cold and sleeting outside. We had taken an Uber there and had no choice but to stand there and call our friends and wait for our uber back home. It was humiliating. As a young professional couple with no children, we go out often, and I have never been treated this way. The woman (and everyone else in the restaurant) was so rude and dismissive, despite the fact that the restaurant made an error. No apology whatsoever was offered. So, I asked to speak to a manager (something I have never done!). She replied that there was no manager (???!!!). I understand that mistakes happen, and that's ok.  However, it was the rude, dismissive behavior that really got to me. Even the slightest attempt at an apology would have ensured that I was not prompted to write a negative review of this restaurant that I really enjoyed eating at before. Sadly, with this terrible service experience, I could NEVER see myself returning there or recommending this place to anyone. To the managers, owners, hostesses at this place, you have my phone number - the reservation was for four people at 7:30pm on Saturday, February 17th, not 6:30!!!! Your apologies are still welcome and would be greatly appreciated. You really put a damper on a night that was meticulously planned to celebrate a dear friend's birthday. I hope you never treat anyone else like this again!
The service was great. We really wanted to be happy. The guacamole was tasty. The beans and rice were a nice departure from typical refried with greasy rice. However, neither of us would give it another shot. The pork was so dry and hard it was difficult to cut, and impossible to eat without lots of something saucy. The flavor wasn't worth the effort (rather "lack of") so I sent it back asking for a "chef's choice" on the replacement, thinking that was my best shot. It's sitting in the frig. We have eaten Mexican and fusion versions of these foods across the South and up the West Coast. So sad that this was such a disappointment and such a pricey one at that. I'm seriously glad they have their fans, but we are not among them!
If you, too, are on a quest for the must-eat Mexican restaurants of Philadelphia, this must be on your list. Intimate, ambient, and succulent, this BYO restaurant  churns out great, and surprising, food. Let's just say that it is NOT an upscale taco bell. I had a seasoned steak over Mexican-seasoned potato pancake. Delicious! The tres leches cake was admirable, too!
ordered takeout... tacos.. delicious.. nachitos.... delicious... empenadas... amazing! next time we might eat in and check in for that free margarita pitcher!
My boyfriend and I hit up Las Cazuelas for a casual date night and were really pleased with our experience. We got the Yelp check in for a free pitcher of mags, of which we added our own tequila to! The margaritas were good, except we wanted salt around our glasses and no one offered. We started with guac and the complimentary chips and salsa. The guac and salsa were excellent ---very fresh, vibrant, flavorful. We did not enjoy the thick-cut chips so much. I absolutely LOVED the pork tacos with grilled pineapple. They actually bumped my review up from a 3 to 4 star. My boyfriend did not enjoy his chicken enchiladas as much, but I think it was a more acquired taste. Our server was a little odd...he randomly interrupted our order to go seat a patron who walked in which we thought was rude. He seemed a little unexperienced but was friendly none the less. We left full and buzzed off the margs so of course we had a great time!
Went here last Saturday after buying the Eversave coupon about a month ago. Great timing as we stopped by the liquor store and all the tequila was on sale. 

As a vegetarian I was very pleased with the varitety of choices, I ended up ordering the cheese enchiladas which were excellent and seemed much more authentic then what I have had other places.

I also had the flan for dessert which was lovely. 

The service and atomsphere were excellent and we will definitely be returning, hopefully soon when it warms up for the outdoor tables.
At the tip top of NoLibs, this Mexican joint has some solid fair for veg/vegan types. I got the enchiladas with seitan and enjoyed the hell out of them!

Also the chips and guac were quite tasty and artfully presented.

They don't serve booze but you can bring your own. Fun fact, if you check in here you will get their margarita mix for free. So check in and bring some tequila. Drink for (mostly) free!
Nice, relatively light Mexican fare.  easy for vegetarians.  One of our dishes (the excellent eggplant) was innovative, the rest were old stand-bys, well executed. If this were in California I'd give it 3 stars, But here in Philly, with excellent home-made green salsa, etc, I'm giving it 4 ... a bit overpriced, but fun vibe and great service.
Had a lunch date here with my co-worker. Took advantage of the yelp deal $10 for $20 worth of food. The place is a bit small but very clean and I love the decor inside. It definitely give me that mexican feel. We each got 4 tacos and the bill came out to $22. They start us off with chips and salsa it was very flavorful. I got the pulled pork taco, skirt steak taco, shrimp taco and grilled chicken taco. I enjoyed all or them except the shrimp which was lack of flavor. They can definitely use some extra seasoning. I would definitely be back for more tacos when I'm in the mood for some Mexican food.
I went back and forth trying to decide whether my experience at Las Cazuelas warranted 2 or 3 stars.  On one hand their food was delicious - seriously amazing guacamole, insane appetizer platter, on point chimichurri asada.  But their service (and this is coming from somebody who NEVER complains about service and always tips more than she should) was TERRIBLE.

You know something is wrong if you've finished the first round of appetizers and you still have yet to get either silverware or sharing plates.  Also those margaritas you asked for never came, until you finally managed to flag down your waitress (after multiple attempts) and practically begged her.  Trying to figure out how the heck you were going to eat the next plate of food without a fork or knife or ANYTHING, you asked the guy who came to clear your plates if you could please get some sort of utensils and maybe plates if that wasn't too much to ask, napkins would be marvelous.  Miraculously after 10-15 minutes of staring at the appetizer sampler your prayers were answered!  But still no napkins.  Your water glass was never refilled throughout the duration of the meal, and it took you 10 minutes to find the waitress to ask for the check, a good 15 minutes for her to bring you the check, 15 more minutes until you could wave her down so she could take your credit card, and 10 minutes until she came back with the receipt.

It really wasn't the waitress's fault either - she was really nice, and it was apparently her first week on the job and she was covering the restaurant BY HERSELF on a Sunday night.  She was clearly trying her best to deal with the crappy situation the management had put her in.  Nobody can cover a whole restaurant (even one as small as Las Cazuelas) by themselves when it's a full house!

All in all I'm probably going to give them another try - like I said, their food was great!  They just have some very obvious service issues to work out.  Scheduling multiple servers would probably be a good start.

I just hope next time we at least get some napkins...
My girlfriends and I came here for our Girls' Night Out and I love how accommodating they were. They didn't mind waiting for all of us to get there. We told them straight up that we had a Groupon and they did not treat us any worse for it. We even lingered a bit after the meal and they just refilled our water and let us carried on with our conversation. 

There was free chips and salsa, which I really like. What is up with people charging for chips at a Mexican restaurant? That's like charging for bread at an Italian restaurant! My arroz con pollo ($16) was exactly what I wanted. Stuffed with olives, chicken, and avocado with a side of black beans, it was more than enough for my dinner and my lunch the next day. One of my friend ordered the Chicken Mole Enchilada and wasn't too pleased with it, however I think it 's more of a personal preference since the bite I had was really good. Another one didn't care for the cheese on her Crabmeat and Shrimp Enchilada- again, I think that's a personal preference. My other friends were quite pleased with their choices.

My banana crepes ($6) were pretty good, though I didn't see any walnuts like the menu suggested and I think they used plantains instead of bananas. However, the ultimate dessert has to be the Abuleita Hot Chocolate ($3). Since we sat right in front of the kitchen, we were able to see the chef whisked everything together and it was just the perfect thing to end the meal. The waitress even stopped by to apologized for the delay in our hot chocolate since it had to be freshly mixed.

After our coupon, I think we each paid $17, not including tips. Not too bad.
love the mexican food - especially the antojitos rancheros.  the ceviche is always super fresh and the other mains - particularly cochinita pibil has great flavor.  i highly recommend the daily specials - especially if you like fish.

only problem is that since it is a byo - well it can get SUPER loud and the restaurant staff will do absolutely nothing to keep people down.  however, if you go on an off night or are part of the party - its a great time.
If you like authentic Mexican food and cozy places rather than big chain types then you can't go wrong with this place. It's BYOB but they will mix up your margarita for you. The service is great and there are a few tables for outdoor seating on nice days.
I've been a couple of times and enjoyed each meal. Simple, authentic Mexican food. I do think the prices are a tad high, but I'm used to eating Mexican food over by the Italian Market. Perhaps competition keeps them cheaper, but I can eat over that way for half the price sometimes. It is nice that its BYOB and they do have items on their menu that are a bit more "upscale" than you will find at other similar restaurants. I will say the tres leches cake is to die for and the best Ive ever had.
What can I say about Las Caz? The food, employees, and clientele all combine to make the ideal environment for an excellent time!

Went with a group of 6 last night and were seated almost immediately upon arrival.  Mike (our waiter) and Michelle (also waiting that night) were absolutely great! The recommendation for enchiladas con cangrejo y camarones (crab and shrimp enchiladas) ended up being a big crowd pleaser. The only hesitation I had was that it was lacking some heat and the chip salsa didn't have quite enough in it to compensate when added to the enchiladas. I do, however, have a high tolerance for spicy foods.

Onto the service-Mike, Michelle, Jorge, and the whole crew made us feel incredibly welcome and were happy to have a good time with everyone while still providing excellent service. 

We will absolutely be returning to Las Caz-next Thursday in fact!
UPDATE: I branched out from my usual order and tried a burrito- unfortunately, I regret my choice. I ordered the "El Tejano Burrito" with carnitas, no mixed vegetables, and also requested the "tomato sauce" on the side. The rice was bone dry, and tasted old and overcooked. There was no sour cream, very little guacamole, and the tortilla was also very dry. The ingredients were not fresh, and it seemed like they put the bare minimum of each ingredient. 

I have loved everything I've ever tried from Las Cazuelas, both delivery and when dining in, but this burrito was totally out of character. I will not be ordering this item again. 

----------------
Ordered delivery via GrubHub- "Nachitos" (no jalapeños) and "Pastor Taquito". I ordered around 6:30pm, and food was at my door by 6:50! Everything was incredible and cannot wait to order again soon!
Hubby brought me here for my birthday.  Had an absolutely wonderful time.  The food was awesome & so was the ambiance!
