Birra, located in the heart of East Passyunk is pretty solid. It was great for a last minute, easy, chill pizza and brews night with our littles last weekend. 

The menu is filled with creative, delicious pies...reds, whites, Americanized (cheeseburger, mac and cheese and buffalo chicken). There's even a 'make your own' option! Love that! Some of the standout ingredients worth mentioning are pulled duck, roasted garlic pesto, shaved black truffle, spicy toasted pistachios and balsamic crema too. The pies are made with a 2 day aged dough. Definitely a thinner pie. It's not too crispy but hold it's own weight which is a must for me. 

There are also daily specials, a few great salads, tempting pasta dishes and a bunch of delightful, hearty apps. Veg-heads, this is where you'll find what you're looking for. I found the prices all around to be rather fair. 

They offer a decent selection of cans and bottles. About a dozen seasonal "visitors" as they call them, and rotating craft drafts. I was happy to see one of Vermont favorites, Long Trail listed on the chalkboard menu. Red and whites, and a few cocktails too. 

Fab Philly Mom says: Bring the kiddos! $5 kids meals! (They LOVED the mac and cheese!) They'll also get a kick out of the Mac and cheese pie too! They give the kids dough to play with while you wait for your meal. Very cool! If you sit near the open kitchen, the kids will enjoy emulating the chefs flipping the dough. So cute! High-chairs and booster seats available. Also, take them to stroll by Doggie Style afterwards to see the pups in the window. 

The place is a tad on the darker side at night but they have plenty of windows for bright and light day dining. There's a nice welcoming bar in the center which looked like a good spot to  happy hour and indulge in some of those delicious small plates. Nice open kitchen too! They also have outdoor seating which is a perfect al fresco option while people watching on Passyunk. Oh, and big props for the vestibule add on to keep the chill out during the colder months! Very smart! Much appreciated. 

We had no issue just walking in around 5pm on a Friday. As the night grew later, a line did form. No one seemed to be waiting too long however. They do have more room
Upstairs as well. 

Our server wasn't the best. She forgot our lemons after I asked twice and went MIA when it came time for the bill which made us feel a tad awkward while having diners peering at us, waiting for our table. The super kind, personable (and handsome) manager however, he was amazing and treated us to a hot fudge brownie sundae which was devoured in seconds flat! Yum! Thank you! 

Unmetered street parking was readily available but they do have old school quarter meters around, so bring change. 

Happy to add Birra to our list of family friendly local options. We'll be back soon and definitely when it's warmer out!
LaScala's is soo delicious!

I came here for Mother's Day with my family at 11 am on the dot. We were seated very quickly which was great. Since we were starving, we decided to skip out on apps and ordered 4 pizzas - Margherita, Garlic, Spinach & Artichoke, and Mushroom. All of the pizzas were DELICIOUS. 

I would love to be back to eat some apps & drink as well. I noticed they have an upstairs, so I can imagine that the place definitely gets busy. Our waiter was so attentive and nice. I recommend 100% and I can't wait to be back again!
We had such a great experience at Birra last night that I just wanted to give a little update. After being seated at a nearby pizza restaurant and being ignored for a solid five minutes or so, we decided to cut our losses and head to Birra. I am so glad we did! Our server was totally great from the second we sat down. 

We ordered the meatball appetizer and were told it would take about fifteen minutes to prepare. It ended up being a little longer, which wasn't a huge deal, but our server said that she took care of a round of our drinks to make up for it. What a pleasant surprise! I thought the meatballs were well worth the wait, but this was a nice gesture all the same. And as for those glasses of wine, if you order two of the same, they will bring over a half carafe, which easily provides for about three glasses total. I am a fan.
**NOTE**if anyone from the restaurant actually reads this--PLEASE STOP FLYERING THE NEIGHBORHOOD!!! We are tired of picking up your endless litter!!!!

As for my review of the restaurant itself, I am disappointed to say that I will never eat at Birra again. Plain and simple.

9:30pm on Tuesday night a girlfriend and I are hungry from an evening of shopping and decide to have dinner at Birra. I had eaten there once before and although that experience was fair, I am all about second chances and this seemed like the perfect opportunity.

The night was perfect for dining outdoors so we requested to sit at a table on the Morris Street side for which we were declined.  Although 70% of the tables were available they informed us that they prefer to use those tables for parties of 4 and it was getting late so they were thinking of closing that section down.  So we're seated at a table on top of the basement access. Fine.

We're sitting for what feels like an eternity but is more like 15 minutes before anyone comes over to acknowledge us. When our server finally came she offered no apology for the wait or acknowledgment of it whatsoever.  I made the mistake of asking if they had a beer list to which she replied with quite a bit of attitude that she could tell me about them herself.  I told her I like fruity, light, beers that are wheaty and asked her what she would recommend.  She suggests a Summer Love or a Winter Ale--two beers which I know nothing about. I decided to stick with water and told her I would think about it.

We ordered the gahhhhhhlic pizza and my friend ordered a bottled beer form the list.  When her beer arrived our waters were empty and although we asked for more they went unrefreshed.

Our pizza was brought out by someone who was not our server and when she came to the table I asked her if she could tell our server that I would like to have the Summer Love, based on her recommendation.

In the mean time, we watched two other tables, a 4-top and a 2-top get seated on the Morris Street side. Just added a little insult to injury--obviously not the brunt of the issues.

After two slices of pizza each our server finally emerged with my beer.  She never asked how the pizza was or sad anything at all. Just sat the beer on the table.  If she had asked how the pizza was--we would have said "Just OK". As a pizza that is basically advertised as garlic on top of garlic on top of garlic, we both left without even needing a breath mint (aka NOT very garlicy).

As for the beer, I took one sip and it was terrible! SO overly hoppy and something that was pretty hard for me to believe was the light summer ale she had described.  My friend flagged her down for more water and when she came I said "This is really terrible" to which she said nothing, filled the water, then walked away.  I offered it to my friend but she said it was so strong she couldn't drink it either. So--no one drank it.

The girl who delivered our pizza initially came back to remove our plates.  We asked her about more water but I guess she got busy and forgot.  Another 10 minutes went by before the check came to which the still completely full beer was on it. Bad move. 

Overall--food was JUST ok. Service was TERRIBLE. Won't be back!
Love their happy hour.$5 pizza, specials and 1/2 off drafts, sangria, wine and a margarita. Unlike other happy hours they have hours 5-7 which actually allows the working crowd to get there.

A lot of outdoor seating and dog friendly, they even brought the dog out a bowl of water. 

Semi slow drinks but the food came fast. And the pizza is great!
Shrimp & grits were okay, moderately sized shrimp and decent grits swimming in a chili-scented broth and topped with corn and chopped tomatoes. Pizzas are structured like round flatbreads, thin crispy crusts adorned with a reasonable amount of toppings. I understood what they were shooting for with the mac & cheese pizza and it wasn't bad... but I probably wouldn't get it again. Pear & gruyere pizza was a winner though, the touch of honey and arugula garnish made my taste buds happy.

Moderate bottled/draft list featuring a variety of great beers (the Rude Elf on tap was crazy tasty and had me longing for Christmas). No issues with service despite full tables, some seating outside, lots of 2-hour weekday street parking in the neighborhood. I'm eager to return to this corner pizzeria and try the seared octopus, braised shortrib ravioli, noni's brisket or roasted porchetta paninis, roasted duck or alla carbonara pizzas.
My friend rented Birra out for her bday celebration which also happened to be Super Bowl Sunday.  There is an upstairs area which they used for the private party which started at 6:30 and ended when we stormed the streets after the win.... 
If you're looking for a place for a relaxed private party this is it.  They did a phenomenal job the whole time.  There was a 30-35 of us but it could have fit a lot more.  There were servers coming up and down the whole time getting drink orders and they were very quick and thorough.  My friend choose a food only package and we paid cash for drinks when it ended (they smartly kept tabs by tables).  Honestly the bill was surprisingly low for all that we drank I think they must have really good specials.  
The food package had appetizers and salads for each table - bruscetta, truffle fries, garlic knots and ceaser and house salads.  They were very generous and we were full by the time the pizzas actually came.  Speaking of the pizzas each person got to order their own - which turned out to be way too much food - but it was great because we got to try so many different pies.  They have a huge list of pies from the basic plain/margarita to super unique pies like the cheeseburger all of the pies were very large and all were super delicious!! I'm sure I'll be back for dinner with friends or for a date soon - but they truly hit it out of the park with the party!
I was very excited to try Birra for dinner because of all of the positive reviews. I do occasionally enjoy bourgie overpriced pizza and cocktails, and I always love a good addition to E. Passyunk. 

Unfortunately, the food really disappointed. We went for dinner and drinks on a very nice Friday evening. Tables were immediately available outside which I was very pleased with. I noticed that inside there were tons of families with kids - I do have to say it is a nice setting for a family to get a dinner that everyone can enjoy. We were seated outside by a very friendly hostess.

While the service was very warm and friendly, the food and drinks really disappointed. I got a "Birra Margarita" which was a bourbon/grapefruit cocktail and it was (a) not cold and (b) not good. I don't know if it was a booze to juice ratio problem, but these are normally flavors that I really like and this one was just not enjoyable. We ordered two pizzas - margherita and alla carbonara. The margherita was fine - this is a difficult pizza to make BAD, but the sauce and tomatoes definitely did not blow my mind. The alla carbonara was actually really disappointing. The egg was overdone and therefore not breakable over the rest of the pizza. The pancetta pieces were super large and very fatty (I noticed this complaint in other reviews as well) and made for a very unpleasant textural experience.

I would possibly try Birra again for lunch but stick to sandwiches and beer - a bourgie pizza craving will have to go elsewhere.
We returned for another pizza date over the weekend. The Crispin cider on tap was delish. I couldn't stop stealing sips of it from across the table, despite my nice glass of malbec. 

We once again ordered a gabagool pizza, which was great, and a clams casino pizza, a special. That one was okay. The pancetta on top was cut too large and was particularly fatty. I would have loved it pan seared in smaller bits then put on top. I also wish the pizzas arrived with salt, pepper and hot red peppers. Other than that, I'm a fan and I can't wait to work my way through the rest of Birra's offerings.
Just got back from my first experience at Birra and I'll definitely be returning. It smelled like heaven when we walked through the doors around 4:30. The large bar takes up most of the space but tables along the outskirts provide additional seating. 

Large plates aren't available until after 5pm but we were there for salad and pizza. The Caesar salad was large enough to share and came tossed in a delicious homemade dressing with a large parmesan crisp. We ordered the Gabagool pizza, with capocollo and arugula. The sauce was on the sweeter side and the meat wasn't as spicy as I was expecting. The toppings were generous and the pizza came straight from the oven. I'd probably switch it up on my next visit and try another type of pie. Looking forward to my next visit!
A group of friends and I made reservations for dinner/trivia night at LaScala's Birra on a Thursday night, and did not have to wait long. We were seated in the back of the first floor, and it was pretty tight, especially for a group of 7 people, though it didn't really bother us. The whole place was packed probably because of trivia night. Service was a bit slow as we had to flag down our server every time we needed something. Other than that, the staff was actually really nice and helpful. As for the food, my husband and I shared the truffle fries and the Hot Italian pie which were pretty good. Our group also enjoyed their food and everybody had a great time playing trivia. There were 5 rounds of questions, and I would say these were pretty challenging but fair questions. I also really liked how it was ran so efficiently. We sat down around 8:05pm, and trivia probably didn't start until 8:30pm but we were out of there by 10:30pm.
I remember a time where legitimate good pizza in Philly was more or less an unheard of. So when places like Pizzeria Stella, Barbuzzo, Zavino, and Santucci's (who I am super belated in reviewing the northeast location of) moved in the area; it was a beautiful revolution that I was happy to be a part of despite somehow slacking on visiting all of the above (So many places to check out overall!). But with Birra opening up less than 4 blocks away from me, and people like TJader of Philadelphia Slick (check them out fool! - http://www.facebook.com/Philadelphiaslick) holding it down for them; it became one of those places that I was destined to hit up sooner than later. and in the end I'm happy to say that I had a taste of that fantastic pie!

On my first visit my crew and I went traditional by splitting a Margherita and a Caesar salad, and both lead up to being simplistic tastes of pure decadence. When Vinny and I made it down for a dose of Happy Hour before Beer NN' Board Games 2.0 we were pleasantly welcomed to the Gabagool and its taste of spicy capocollo and cured tomatoes. if you don't feel like going traditional you can order any of its major pizzas in bowl form. or you can order from their list of many panini and plates. But watching them flip the pizza dough in the open kitchen is one of those feats that truly need to be witnessed if your sitting bar side.

Beer wise Birra definitely impresses with a tap list that rotates daily, and an amicable selections of cans and bottles. And it especially delivers with its weekday Mangia menua that touts some 1/2 price pizzas; and its late night Salute menu that delivers discounts on drafts, wines, and specialty cocktails!
I am back for the REAL review! And I was impressed! 

For me, trying the Pizza Margherita is the make or break!  The sauce had a tang to it which was vinegar. I will make an Italian regional note here, and tell you in the small region of Basilicata we use vinegar for our sauce, so that was really awesome! 

Since I have been obessed with Italian craft beers, it was great to see a small selection there. I cannot imagine if they were to have the selection of the Farmer's Cabinet, I would never leave! But they are starting out and seeing how their clientale react to this emerging Italian craft beer movement. I came from New Jersey just to try it and I was glad and left happily. 

Grazie, Birra! Tante Grazie! 

Giovanni
Birra was magnificent. Really. From walking into the space that somehow manages to be both modern and cozy (perhaps it's the gently wafting baking pizza smells drifting over the chic decor), to the exceptional meal my friends and I enjoyed, the whole experience was top notch.  

First, the beer list - a page-full selection of seasonal artisan brews, both on tap and by the bottle. My boyfriend had a chocolate stout - delish - and I had a delightfully nutmeggy pumpkin ale.

Then we enjoyed the Frutti d Mare white pizza and the Gaaaahhlic Pizza with a couple of our very own topping additions (you can have them create your ideal pizza, as all of them are made to order, using their wide selection of bases and toppings). Perfectly cooked in the brick oven, delightfully flavorful and balanced. A joy.  

Speaking of joy, the handcrafted desserts (we shared two - the apple cherry crumble a la mode and the chocolate espresso mousse cake) were plate-scrapingly delicious.

To top it all off, we sat at the bar in bar stools that were the most comfortable in my experience - I forgot that's where we were.  Service was  excellent - the perfect balance of friendly and attentive without being intrusive. Knowledgeable and helpful about beer and menu selections.

Truly, we all had a wonderful time enjoying a meal that felt both decadent and light.  We will be coming back again and again.
Birra is located in a section of the city that is literally bustling with humanity and food options. A walk through the Passyunk Bermuda Triangle that is 'Yunk, Broad and Washington, on a weather perfect Sunday afternoon in April, reminded me of my time in Europe at the weekend markets. 

I met a friend who lived in the area at his place with the intention of getting lunch. He asked me where I wanted to go, I asked what's good in the area. He put a pot of coffee on and told me to find a comfortable chair because listing good restaurant options can take awhile around here. 

One of his first suggestions was Birra and this was probably for the best because the notion of pizza and beer on this wonderful day just seemed like the right thing to do. 

Speaking of beer. I almost made a colossal mistake here, by wondering to myself if they even had beer. I studied foreign language in college and while I didn't specifically take Italian, I should have immediately known it meant beer. To be frank, we should all know how to say beer in every language including and not limited to American Sign Language.

So once again I'm using a lot of words to say something simple so I'll get to business. 

I was surprised how quickly we got a table on a bustling Sunday afternoon but it was post brunch and I'm not even sure Birra offers any kind of traditional brunch ( I did see a fried egg pizza though). Pizza and beer is as fine a brunch for me though, even if it was closer to Linner (Lunch/Dinner).

The atmosphere was beautiful as was its staff, inside and out. The service was quick and efficient. I felt neither bothered or ignored. 

I chose some kind of coffee porter from their nitro which was wonderful even though it's not really the season for it. I just don't like the seasonal summery  ales and saisons around this time.

I felt like their specialty pizzas were a little too pricey and there was always an element I didn't like, so their build a pizza option was great. It starts at $6 for a plain cheese and you can add toppings at about $3 a piece. 
I chose a regular cheese with Italian sausage topping. 

The pie came out fairly quickly. It was the perfect size. Enough to eat maybe 3/4 and take a few slices home for leftovers. It was definitely my kind of pie. Thin and crispy with good , greasy cheese on top. It had a brick oven feel without being brick oven. In other words it wasn't burnt. Ha!

I wasn't as happy with the sausage. It was good but they put a few scattered thick pieces on top so that each slice maybe had 1 bite of sausage to it. I think I'd prefer it sliced thinner and spread out more evenly. There are other toppings that looked good for future visits though.

Overall, Birra should be considered a prime option , even in this area of high restaurant competition. Definitely a nice little spot to satisfy your primal beer and pizza cravings. You can't see, but I looked up how to ASL Beer and I'm doing it right now.
Their garrrrlic pizza is amazing...need I say more??

I came here after getting drinks at Manatawny and knew pizza would hit the spot. Since my friend and I both love garlic, we instantly settled on garlic pizza. It was delicious and flavorful with plenty of cheese. The service is also great especially since it was towards closing time. We were able to get in, eat our pizza all before they closed at 10pm.
I've had frequent visits .. reliable neighborhood pizza and beer place. I generally find the pizza good, salads even better, and with a reasonably good draft beer selection. Check out their happy hour - their plain pizzas are only $4, a considerable bargain as they're not just individual size, but should be shared. It's child friendly, and they have outdoor seating which is great. It's not a huge place inside. On our most recent visit, our server, Cara, was outstandingly attentive.
I stopped in here on the way home from the airport for happy hour. It runs from 4-6 at time of writing and has good prices on beer, wine, and sangria. There are also a handful of pizzas on special. It's not a huge bar, and the aisles are tight around it. People tend to bump in to you as they go by. Still, it's one of the better happy hours in the area. The crowd starts to get heavy early so getting a bar seat isn't a guarantee.

The service is fine. Nothing to speak of one way or the other. It has a very good atmosphere though. I've never seen unruly drunks or experienced unpleasant staff. Even in an area with a lot of options, this place stands out
Where Birra first opened up I emailed the restaurant with a few questions.  I should have known it was a bad sign that they never offered me the courtesy of a reply.  Being new, you'd think they would be courting customers in the area, but Birra seems to be going for the cool vibe instead of the friendly, neighborly one.  Sometimes you can just try too hard to be creative and hip.  Frankly, I have no interest in mac and cheese on my pizza.  For me, the true test of a great pizza is simplicity and their Margarita was lacking.  My husband got into the hype and tried the cheese burger pizza regretting it for the rest of the night.  Birra is right down the street from us, so after ordering we walked over to pick up the pies.  It seemed as though we will bothering the servers by being there and we just seemed to be in the way not knowing where to stand while we waited 20 minutes for our order.  At no time did anyone say have seat (in the half filled restaurant) and the flat screens were all going contributing to the noise level which was very high.   If you are into craft beer and overpriced, overdone pizzas - this is your place.  We have been there once and in this case once was indeed enough.
Despite the cramped atmosphere, this place seems to be a winner.  The service was great, the beers were great, and the pizza was unique and tasty.  People might wonder how a new pizza place can come along in an area packed with philly's best pizzas, but after my visit here I understand completely.  This is a different kind of pizza - at least in comparison to others in the neighborhood.  

We had the gaaahlic pizza and the carbonara pizza.  The gaaahlic pie was a little on the sweet side, but pretty damn good.  The carbonara pizza was terrific, though i wish they would have found a better way to incorporate the fried egg.  Two eggs perhaps..?  

And I have to rave about the crust.  Very special.  

Though I like the Stogie Joes upside down pizza (1 block away), which can go quite well with a $2 lions head draft, Birra gives you much more variety at essentially the same price.  Pretty clever I must say.  Next time I'll have to see whether the more unique pies are worth the premium - like nearly $20 for the spaghetti and meatball pizza.  We will see.   

The bottom line is - ill be visiting again.  Soon.
Great place with a wide variety of food. Has pretty decent bar area in the middle with the sit in dinning all around it. The Birra Margarita was well made and very smooth. Ricotta bruschetta was the best I have had so far. With honey and nuts on it , its on a sweet side but it is so good. Must try!!! Another app was roasted eggplant which was really flavorful although a little oily/fried for my taste. Main course went with. Birra Pizza Salad - very different and felt eating healthy pizza. It had no sauce no layer of cheese on it. The pizza base with seasoning on it followed by salad including onions, greens, nuts, peas, fresh mozzarella on top. Had such a pizza for the first time and I totally enjoyed it with a pinch of chilli flakes on it. Dessert - bread pudding was too good. Hot and fresh!! Another dessert was Brownie sundae which was alright. Could have been a better job on the brownie. 
Overall it was a great place and the servers were pretty nice too!!!
Decent food or it would have been if it wasn't for all the salt. So. Much. Salt. For the price I expected the cook/chef to have tasted the food!
Extra thin crust pizza that stands up to the excellent toppings. A great selection of craft beers with several Italian beers. Can be a little cramped when busy, but I have found that even on busy nights the folks at the bar were very attentive and fun.
Birra gets 5 stars just for fantastic service alone. Our waiter, Justin, was attentive and knew exactly what we needed without us even having to ask so we felt taken care of the entire evening. 

My roomies and I were hunting the city for different spots with bar trivia and found that Birra was hosting one on Thursday nights @ 8. Birra is a multi-level pizzeria with booth/chair combo seating, modern aesthetics, bright lighting, and energetic vibes - awesome atmosphere to dine, drink, and answer random trivia questions.

Now I can't forget how tasty the food is (which is a change from the grub you choose from when playing pub trivia). We had two different pizzas (caponata, three little pigs), the highly recommended mussels, and an appetizer special fries. The pizzas were baked really well - a nice balance between crunch and chew, the flavors (salty, sweet, and spice) of the cheese, protein (the soppressata was very good), veggies, and sauces complemented each other - and one pie is enough to keep 2 people full. But Birra's famous mussels were delectable, cooked in a buttery, zesty, garlicky, spicy sauce that left you wanting to order extra bread to soak up the saucy goodness.

If you weren't sold on the food, definitely come to check out Thursday nights for Quizzo with Johnny Goodtimes because he does as his name says - bring "good times". Answer 5 rounds of questions gets you a chance to win first prize of $50.

Getting myself ready for great food and amusing trivia, are you in?
3 or 4, 3 or 4, 3 or 4?????  Three and a half.  

As always, I'm on the hunt for the perfect pizza and I heard good things about Birra.  I decided to check it out and form my own opinion.  

Mac and cheese pizza on the menu!  Mac and cheese AND pizza in one?  Has anyone else tried this yet?  I was so tempted to order this, but I always go for red pizza in the end, since I love a pizza with red sauce the best.  I consider myself a red sauce connoisseur.  We went with the puttanesca (minus the anchovies, of course) and the regular pie with extra provolone.  The red sauce was advertised as sweet sauce - my favorite!!

The pizzas arrived quickly on a handy double decker pizza holder and I could tell immediately that they definitely were stingy with the sauce.  The crust was nice and thin, maybe a little bit too dense at the ends, and the cheese was possibly a little too much on each pizza.  The puttanesca was definitely better than the standard pizza.  Although the sauce was way more savory than sweet in my opinion.  I was confused about the sweet labeling.

The server was friendly at first but by the end of the meal it kind of seemed like she wanted to force us to end our meal quickly.  We had just gotten our 2nd round of drinks that we didn't even take a sip out of when she came to the table to say "do you need anything else (translation - are you leaving yet?) and then dropped the check.  It was not close to closing time, but clearly she wanted to get out of there, or at least get us out of there.

The place isn't cheap - it was about $65.00 for 4 drinks and 2 personal sized pizzas, not including tip.

Hipster quotient here is HIGH.  Wow.  Every dude in the place was wearing painted on skinny jeans, I saw a face tattoo of an anchor, retro basketball jerseys, and about 75% of the female patrons bore a striking resemblance to Cat Power. 

My search for the perfect pizza continues....
Great dinner last night. We were able to score some outside seating for dinner. There was a good beer selection last night. The pear and goat cheese salad was delicious. My favorite still remains the mushroom truffle pizza but this time we removed the fried egg and added hot peppers and arugula. Pizza is a little on the pricy side for what you get but their pizzas are unique and not like your typical corner pizza shop. Service was good.
Who doesn't love pizza??? Well, if you don't just stop reading. lol.

To the Philly pizza lovers- this is the place! They have the purist standard pie but where they really shine are their more exotic fare. Pear and Gruyere pizza with speck and arugula....soooooo good! Another one called 3-little-pigs...3 different pork products on one crust. Or if simplicity is your thing the Gaaaaaaahlic pizza will do you just fine. 

Now on to the beer choices. I'm not a beer drinker but there are MANY options (hence the name), so this is the perfect place to get a pie and a pint.
Lived in Philly for a couple years on passyunk street and this location used to be a doggie day care but when I came back to visit a couple years back it became the absolute best Italian restaurant I have ever been to. Unlike the more traditional Italian resturants in Philly this place takes a more modern take on this dishes and it really reflects in their flavors. The pasta di frialvo and gonncci is my go to as soon as I step foot in south Philly !
Had a good meal at Birra. We went for the Veggie Stromboli which was very good. The roasted veggies inside were great and the dough was very tasty. The beer selection is very good. The wait staff was good. The only bad thing I have to say about the experience was that our table was really close to the bar and my wife had to experience people brushing by her trying to get by.
The pizza at Birra is:

Zhmli Kahrolas!
Jebeni straan!
Kuradi vinge!
Vitun mahtava!
Carallo!
Mèrdik awizom!
Kibaszott jó!
Cazzo impressionante!
Curabitur sem!
Kurwa niesamowite!
Caralho!
Dracului minunat!
Muhteem lanet!
Ffycin wych!

Which Google tells me translates into 'FUCKING AWESOME!' in Turkish, Slovenian, Swahili, Finnish, Galician, Hatian Creole, Hungarian, Italian, Latin, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Estonian, and Welsh.

Get the pizza with mushrooms on it.
Its an awesome  place and I'm very happy its 2 blocks away, but not amazing. 

They have a great beer selection which is great - both draft and bottles and the bartenders are very helpful and nice, but the pizza is just meh. 

My favorite thing on the menu which actually will give another half a start to this rating is their mussels. They are delicious. Much better than most places.

Yes - I'll go back for beer and mussels, but it wont be my go to place for pizza.
I just want to say thank you to Birra for the great service when I brought my wife in for the first time! She thoroughly enjoyed everything, and coming from a chef, I would say  this is a plus!

A SUPER thank you to the staff who has mentioned me "the guy who comes from NJ for the Verdi Imperial Stout" And let us not forget the Bruton either!
As we walked into Birra, I said to my dining companion, "I hope this is good. I feel like I have been writing nothing but poor reviews on Yelp. I am not THAT hard to please."

Unfortunately, I have to write another bad review.

The high point of the evening was the service,  which was pleasant and attentive. It was packed but we were seated promptly and the food came out quickly. 

Unfortunately, the food was aggressively mediocre. Fine if we're talking about cheap spot to drink and grab a few bar bites to pace yourself. You expect bad food in a dive bar. It is not fine for a restaurant that, at least from the looks of the menu, is marketing itself as a legitimate eatery. 

We started with the mushroom salad. The dressing was good and the mushrooms were "real" - not from a can. (You would be surprised at the number of restaurants that serve you canned vegetables).  However, there was way too much iceberg lettuce in it for my taste and some of it was rusty.  And it was paired with stale flatbread.

The selection of cheeses on the cheese plate was uninspiring, which is admittedly a matter of taste. However, the olive spread that accompanied one of the cheeses was downright horrific and the selection of breads (including the flatbread, which had unfortunately reappeared) tasted stale. 

We also ordered the gaaahlic pizza and the asparagus.  The pizza sauce was bland and the crust dry and tasteless. There were a few slices of garlic on the pizza and a few smears of roasted garlic, but it was otherwise flavorless. 

As another reviewer noted, the asparagus was mysteriously unseasoned. A single pass with a salt grinder could have saved this dish. It would not have made it good, mind you. Merely palatable. 

Needless to say, I shall not return.
My first visit to Birra last night was certainly a positive experience.  I think it's a great fit for the neighborhood and I think it lives up to the hype and was worth all the delays and tantalizing photos posted over twitter.

We arrived around 8:15 pm and were able to snag two seats at the bar.  My first words were "wow this is a nice space" The bar is colorful, the pizza making area with ovens is open and inviting and the oranges and greens all around made me feel like I was sitting in a cool kitchen/bar hybrid.

One point about the barstools, they look like cheap plastic (a la a Francis Francis espresso machine) but they are sturdy.  They are really fun.

Our ultra cool bartender guided us through the menu and got me a can of the Route 113 Pale Ale. The staff definitely keeps with the Passyunk feel, inked and charming.

We began with the "seasonal" roasted veggie salad and it was very tasty.  Served with 4 wedges of flatbread and tossed with a balsamic vinaigrette.  Smart salad choice because they can keep switching it up.

Our pizza was the alla carbonara and it was delicious.  The crust really stood out to me because it had a thick cracker consistency upon first bite.  It was crispy and perfectly stood up to the pecorino, peas, and pancetta.  The pie was smokey, salty and utterly delicious.

I can definitely see myself spending some more time here.  I think this place would make for a great date spot and I've been known to go on those once in a while.
I really enjoy Birra. The food is great and it's consistent. The Happy Hour is one of the best around with $5 pizzas and discounted wine and drafts. My only complaint about this place is WHAT IS UP WITH THE BARTENDER??? I took notice to the bartender with ZERO personality back in probably September. He was a new face behind the bar once LaScala took over. Not for nothing, BUT this is your job and you can at least PRETEND to like what you're doing.  This guy never greets you. He throws down the menus and walks away without even asking you if you want to order a drink. You'd think he'd be trying to push the $6 happy hour drinks, instead I had to ask for one every time I ordered or flag him down because his back is always turned away from you. Aside from that this guy ALWAYS DISAPPEARS! Where does he go..? Probably on his 3rd smoke break, who knows?! 
All the other servers and the hostess are all super sweet and totally attentive as you should be working in a busy restaurant. As I was about to pay my check Mr. Bartender Man is again nowhere to be found so I asked another server within my view if I could have my check. I was told I could have it when he came back. When is that??! Where did he go..?? Bartender came back after about 7 minutes and continues to talk to other staff on the other side of the bar. HELLO. Can I have my check? He jumps back behind the bar and never comes near my side of the bar. I literally have the credit card out on the bar in plain view to *hint*hint* I'm ready to pay.
Perhaps this guy really isn't cut out for this industry. Birra, please...You're delicious and I want to come back but when I see this guy behind the bar from the window I'm going to make it a point to avoid coming in.
Love, love, love the pizza here. Have been here a couple times and it is quickly becoming my favorite place on East Passyunk. Have had their specials in the past as well like their ribs and some of their small plates. Have yet to be disappointed here.

Not a lot of seating and it is loud but I highly recommend Birra.
I had a great impression upon my arrival at Birra; great staff, awesome pizza oven with chefs making your food right in the open, and pretty decent menu.

We got the three little pigs pizza, which has pancetta, porchetta, and all the goods I'd love on a pizza. I was extremely excited to hear that they house make they meats themselves. However, the pizza was just okay--nothing too amazing. In fact, I think it was a bit overcooked.

I was informed by the waitress about the truffle pizza, with an egg on top--which just happens to be one of my favorite pizzas EVER. So I knew I HAD to go back for it.

The truffle pizza made me go back to Birra, and unfortunately it will probably be the reason I wouldn't go back to Birra. There was an uncomfortable amount of oil on top of the pizza that was literally dripping off each slice, the truffle flavor was very minimum, and the egg was surprisingly a fried egg dropped on the pizza (I had the impression that the egg would have been cooked on the pizza, while in the oven).

I had much higher expectations and they were definitely not met.

Having touched on the negative aspects of Birra, I can't forget the wonderful service that we received every time; the staff has been consistently nice and make us feel really welcomed.
Birra is one of those places I have been a million times with a million different people in a million different circumstances and always love it and god damn it's about time I write a review!

The space is kind of small, but it feels more cozy and less cramped - plus the outdoor seating is really nice when the weather is cooperating. I almost always sit at the bar, and the bartenders are always great - chatty but not annoying, and attentive but not helicopter-mom-ish. They have a super solid rotating draft menu, a steady Peroni tap, and usually a pretty decent special or featured brewery for some kind of deal. 

Birra's food is steadily awesome. I can't say it's the most unique menu in the world of the trendy pizza/gastrobpub places that are exploding everywhere, but everything is just so delish that I don't miss the creativity. I've been here on nights when I want to eat light, and must confess that the mushroom salad is like freaking fungi heaven on a plate, and I've been here on nights where I want to eat enough to sustain a family of 4 grizzly bears for the a long winter hibernation, and I always leave exceptionally happy. The melted cheese dip is amazeballs (I hate that phrase, but it's accurate here), the mac & cheese pizza is fab, and the brownie sunday is worth every calorie. My man is somewhat of a pepperoni pizza guru, and he swears by the gabagool here - seriously, every time I ask what he wants for dinner, he says Birra's pizza...

Birra is the kind of place you can come on a date (check), come with a coworker (check), come with your family (check) or come after helping a friend move when you're wearing basketball shorts and are sweaty and gross (check). It's just an awesome neighborhood spot that makes me drool.
When I first got wind of Birra I was pretty darn excited.  My boyfriend and I have spent one too many nights weighing the pros and cons of SPTR, Lucky 13, POPE, Watkins and Devil's Den. It's not that I don't love them anymore, but the mix is in need of some serious freshening.  So after following the saga of the long-delayed opening and walking by the papered storefront day after day, here we are - opening night.  Had to stop in for a beer and a snack to see if we had a contender on our hands.

Despite a bit of what I'm hoping was opening night chaos, the ambiance was great. The set up features a confusingly meandering bar that despite taking up far too much of the restaurant allows for patrons to watch the pizza-piein' in action.  Seating area is cramped due to the misuse of space, but it could be considered cozy.  We had a prime spot at the corner of the bar with perfect TV/pizza kitchen/people viewing.

Beer list is limited, but okay.  My Founders Centennial was just as good as it always is.  Certainly not for a craft beer enthusiast, as it doesn't come close to competing with local beer bars, which is unfortunate because that's sort of a deal breaker for me.

The menu is centered on their pizzas and is otherwise quite limited, which is also unfortunate because I rarely eat pizza.  We tried their mussels, which were tasty, but the real star of the dish was the AMAZING bread served alongside.  Sorry shellfish - carbs win tonight.

Despite the fact that I doubt I will have a real urge to go here again until the beer list improves/lengthens and/or I get some strange and voracious pizza craving, it's a great addition to the neighborhood - and I recommend that you check it out.  With big honkin' windows overlooking a great corner of Passyunk, if for nothing else it's great for some good old fashioned South Philly people watching.
Bartender makes a great margarita... best cheesesteak egg rolls ever. Spinach artichoke pizza on point.. Heinz ketchup. If plus thank you we will be back!
I figured I'd write an update considering I'm here every week and the service/quality of food is still consistently good.

They are finally going to add an upstairs with extra seating, as the place can get super crowded (especially in the colder months when the outdoor seating won't be there anymore).  Can't wait to see what the upstairs will bring!

After knocking off a few more pizzas off my Birra bucket list, I can say my favorites are still the Roasted Duck pizza with pesto (be forewarned: it's greasy but DAMN good) and the Pear Arugula pizza with prosciutto, which is hands down the best in my opinion- the perfect ratio of cheese, pear, and prosciutto with a nice heap of dressed arugula- it's bitter, sweet, savory, crunchy, and soft all at once- super tasty.

I've realized I'm not crazy about the Americano pizzas, which seem to be everyone's favorites.  Not that they're bad- they're just too heavy and laden with cheese and toppings for my liking.  I do want to try the Southern BBQ one though- that sounds enticing.

Overall, by the end of the meal I still find myself chowing down on the crusts cause it's just that good.  Will definitely continue to be a repeat customer!
I love that this place has happy hour until 7:00pm and they have great happy hour specials: $4 pizzas, $5 sangria/ magarita and beers! 

The food was delicious, wait staff was great, and the atmosphere/ location of the restaurant 

Order the honey pot/jar!! It is ricotta and honey with pistachios sprinkled on top and bread sticks to dip into all that deliciousness.... Love at first bite!

Up next were 3 pizzas: red sauce and mushroom, white pizza with truffle oil, and red wine sauce stuffed crust pizza with meatballs. 

The mushroom pizza was my favorite with truffle oil white pizza following closely behind. I didn't like the stuffed crust pizza at all. I don't know if it was the sauce or everything together but one bite of that was enough for me. 

It's not the best pizza but it's not the worst either. It's good enough for me to come back again and again though. I'd recommend eating the pizza while it's hot. Otherwise it'll become hard. With 7 people sharing 3 pies, each having 3 slices, we were stuffed!! There was about 4 slices left. 

Drinks were small and not that strong.
This place is literally my new obsession. We found this place because I was dropping off something at a store a block up. It has AMAZING food. Lovely atmosphere. 

On my first visit, my wife and I had an absolutely LOVELY server named Angelica. She said everything with a smile--she was really warm and welcoming. It was like being at home. 

The food is the best I think I've ever had... The portions are shareable size. We had the soup special (beef barley with a horseradish cream sauce on top---I was dreaming about it the next day so I tried making my own, but it didn't come close!), a nice cheese board, and the buffalo chicken pizza. The pizza is thin crust and has perfect flavor. Not too salty. The buffalo chicken is VERY spicy though, be warned! It is a bit tight inside, but well worth it. It also has a great beer selection! 

Our second visit we brought my in-laws and aunt in-law. We had to wait a few minutes for a table (on a Wednesday) as they don't take reservations but it wasn't too bad. The waitress and hostess this time weren't too friendly this time, but Angelica was there and was still just as friendly (as was the bartender). We had sweet and spicy calamari, a house salad, the cheese board, a margarita pizza, and the gabagool pizza (it was amazing). 

Amazing, amazing!! Just go eat there! Stop wasting your time. Eat all the pizza.
Very child-friendly--to the point that during happy hour we were surrounded on all sides by dads with beers, a $4 pizza or two in the middle, and kids in the seat in front. 

For the price of the entrees, you might think you're at an upscale Italian place, but the ambiance is like a claustrophobic Applebees. Service was spotty, but apologetic--they seemed understaffed for the large numbers of people that they got. 

The food itself was quite good and the happy hour beers were cheap. But I don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon--unless I have kids in tow.
I was a bit hesitant to dine here because of the non-pizza options, but I think this place is so well received because of the pizza. I was immediately impressed by the organization of red versus white pizzas, as well as a few "American" recipes like buffalo chicken. We went on a pretty quiet Tuesday night after happy hour, managing to snag a seat along the wall with no one else occupying it. The atmosphere is pretty casual since the bar area has a ton of TVs, so probably not great for a super romantic date, but pretty solid for a first one!

We started with the calamari, which was the first time ever getting the dish without marinara sauce. The "sweet and sour drizzle" tasted like a souped-up version of balsamic vinaigrette. It was pretty great! 

Our main course was the Three Little Pigs pizza. I likened it to an Italian meatlover's pizza. I'm a Margherita pizza kind of girl, but the meats on this pie were so light that it made the price completely worth it. The boyfriend was also pleased, which sometimes can be like rolling a dice, so I was happy about that.

For dessert, I shot for the zeppoli since I love fried dough, and the cutest piles of said cream cheese-stuffed fried dough came out with the lightest dusting of powedered sugar and paired with a raspberry compote. This was different than most "sauces" that I usually get with zeppoli, so I could tell it was fresh.

The dining experience was pretty great and I already told all my friends that we need to go back for happy hour cheese pizzas (3 sauce options!) and sangrias!
Good selection of Italian beers. Our bartender (Michael) was on-point & had a good personality.  We had the  Mussels bowl and the Salumi plate for apps.  The Mussels were very good and came in a generous portion with an ample amount of bread to soak up the broth's garlicy goodness. As for the Salumi, I know it is not the same thing as Charcuterie but I think we prefer Charcuterie style/presentation/accompaniments of cured meats  from the likes of Zavino wine bar, Fork, Jose Garces, etc  instead of Birra's salumi (though, maybe we need to experiment with other  Salumi offerings in South Philly to get a better feel for it).

We decided to split the 'Gabagool' pizza. We felt it was missing something, we had a different expectation. (the patrons at the table next to us were eating a Margherita  pizza that looked really good, we'll have to try that next time).  The crowd was a good mix of people/diverse. Price points were reasonable.  The bathrooms were clean. Parking was not a problem. We like this place and will return so we can try some of the other Italian beers & possibly some of the other food offerings.
Mad props to the waitress who poured me a Purple Haze and poured it correctly (with the bottle run). I don't know much about beer, but for some reason I knew that. Great attention to detail.

It was pretty crowded and loud, and the food was a little pricey, but I enjoyed this meal. We got the duck salad and the pear pizza, both of which were very tasty.

Best part about this place was the diversity of the crowd: thugs, hipsters, old families, young families, everyone.
So glad I got to eat here, let alone on a beautiful Spring evening and sit outside while enjoying the food, drinks, and scene on Passyunk Ave.

They don't take reservations, but they allow you to give them your number and they'll call you when your table is ready, so that you can walk around East Passyunk Ave.  We did just that, and as we were finishing a drink at a nearby bar, I got a call saying that our table was ready.

Once we arrived, our hostess and waitress were both extremely pleasant and seated us outside.  In fact, everyone working had a smile on their face and seemed happy.  They have an OK draft list, but a fairly extensive bottle/can list, as well as a few wines and house cocktails.  We both opted for beers - a cider and a pilsner they had on draft.  Their menu is a very straight forward 1-page description of apps, pastas, pizzas, and paninis - simple and to the point.

Olives - these were tasty - a mix of regular green and kalamata olives, along with some roasted peppers/tomatoes and pita bread - it wasn't a lot of food for a lot of price, if that makes sense. Definitely a solid dish worth sharing, and I guess a must if you love olives, but overall wasn't the biggest fan.

Truffle Mac & Cheese (no spec) - this was super tasty and not too truffle-y or cheesy.  The pasta is more penne style/size and it's a fairly large portion.  The bread crumbs give it a nice little crunchy texture, while the cheese provides a smooth finish.  I enjoy the peas, but I know many people don't like the peas in their pasta.

Gaaahlic Pizza - I was surprised that this was a red pizza instead of a white, as I've seen more white garlic pizzas than red.  However, the pizza was really tasty - came fresh out of their brick oven, the crust was crispy, and the pizza wasn't soggy. It had a little kick with the garlic, but the sauce definitely provided a nice mellow counter balance.

Overall a solid place and I'd definitely recommend eating outside on a nice day.  Their inside restaurant is shaped like an L with a bar in the middle and then seating around the edges where the windows.  I'll certainly be back!
Meh is right. I don't see why people rave about this place. Maybe it is neighborhood people who are deprived of good food? For 2 mediocre apps, a generic 12" pizza, a plate of flavorless asparagus, and a beer, $53. Not going back.

We went in on a Tuesday night. It was busy but we got a table for 2 fairly quickly. The manager and server who waited on us were pleasant enough. Things didn't take too long to come out, and our server Carly timed things well. It's a nice decor, with these oversized photo prints of what I suppose are rustic-looking Italians drinking beer.

That's all the good things I can say about the place. We are vegetarian, so we got the mushroom salad and cheese plate to start, and a garlic pizza and the asparagus. The salad dressing and the mushrooms were good, but the greens contained too much iceberg lettuce, and some of it was rusty. No, no, no. The cheeses were pretty unremarkable - a blue,  a creamy brie, a cheddar, all of which were bland. The bread that came with the salad and the cheese was stale. 

The pizza was okay, not better than what you'd get in half a dozen joints within walking distance. The sauce was somewhat sweet, which we like, but the crust and cheese were nothing special. 

The asparagus - holy god, what an atrocity. As another reviewer said, do you guys lack salt in the kitchen? The stalks were nearly half an inch in diameter - did no one ever tell you that thicker stalks of asparagus get woody and flavorless? This "plate" came sprinkled lightly with parmesan and covered by a sunnyside egg. I guess you're supposed to dredge the fibrous vegetable through the yolk to make it taste like something. It almost worked.
After walking out on another restaurant that couldn't accomodate our starving party of eight for over an hour, we walked into Birra and were seated right away.  The space is modern and fun, but extremely loud.  I had trouble hearing my sister who was sitting directly across from me.  

My family decided to share the salumi and cheese board appetizer.  Between all of us, this was the perfect size appetizer and really set a nice tone for the food to come.  My one sister and I decided to share the three little pigs pizza, which had three different types of meats on top.  We both scarfed it up and absolutely loved it!  I almost wished I had gotten it all for myself so I could have had leftovers.  I tried my brother's margarita pizza which was incredibly fresh and light.  My other sister chose the short rib ravioli which comes out with a big scoop of cold ricotta cheese on the side.  I got to taste that as well and that was delicious.  

They have a large beer menu, but also have a lot of ciders available, which was good for me as I don't drink beer.  There was a bit of confusion on our second round of drinks, two of the people at our table chose to switch beers and try something else, but when the round came, they got the beer which they had ordered from the first round.  They were ok with it, just slightly bummed because they had wanted to try something new.  

The food was definitely worth coming in for, as were the drinks, but I think I'd avoid going here on a weekend due to the noise levels.
Don't have any pictures to prove it!!! But best believe Birra is the spot to go to for pizza pasta and beer!!!! I it's a bit small but thee are about to change that in another month or two!!!! Can't wait to come back again and check it out
Great place and great location. I love the food here. We got the ricotta board to share as an appetizer and it was well worth it. Fresh ricotta coming in a mason jar with swirls of honey meant to be spread on seasoned, toasted bread. That alone was filling. Then we got the Brussel sprout pizza, which was surprisingly incredible. It comes with Brussel sprouts, a balsamic and sriracha glaze, and fresh burrata. It was absolutely delicious. Although we did not get dessert, the table next to us got zeppolis and they looked delectable.
After a dinner, a lunch, a brunch and take-out, I still find myself struggling with Birra.  When I first saw the menu, the prices and the style, I wanted to view the restaurant as a competitor to Steven Starr's Pizzeria Stella.  Same number of pizzas on each menu and the average price of a pie is less than 25 cents higher at Stella.  Unfortunately, the best comparison I've come to for Birra is as a hipper but more expensive and less satisfying take on Stogie Joe's just a block down the street.

You can expect a local crowd that skews young and you can expect pizza.  In my experience, everything else has been inconsistent. 

Pizza has arrived over and under cooked (the main complaint from friends who have sworn off the restaurant), service has been uneven on every visit, the spreads & breads dish and the salads were not memorable enough for a second order.  The margherita is most satisfying with the upcharge for extra fresh mozzarella cheese.  The Mac & Cheese was satisfying, if paralyzingly heavy.

For brunch, the crust on the brunch calzone was perfect and delicious.  Unfortunately, the menu didn't indicate that the frittata was cold and what came out was unappetizing texture-wise.  "Roasted seasonal vegetables slowly baked" made me expect a warm, savory dish.

Birra is a-ok, especially if you're local to the restaurant.  If you have to travel for your fancy pizza experience, however, I'd recommend you search for other options in the city.
This place gets the double high five for Brick-Oven style pizza CHOICES. No other brick-oven style pizzeria that I have been to has anywhere near as many of options. The truffle pizza is very tasty-- the sauce and all. But the egg yolk was little too cooked (fried egg they specified) for my taste. They way they do their truffle pizza at Nomad's is better.
The place isn't super big, but if you have a picky crowd you can really find a lot of pizza options here.
Ordered the mac&cheese pizza and it was pretty good, my boyfriend and I both wished that it came with some maranara on the side or something. It is a very dry pizza, not really any sauce to the mac but it was still worth trying. The annoying part of this place is we payed with cash but they didn't have any change in their drawer so when we gave them $17 for our $16.50 order instead of just saying that they didn't have the change to give us back the guy just insisted that we only gave him $16 but we were "good to go" we had to argue our point 3 times that NO, in fact we gave you $17. They ended up just giving us back a dollar and they took the .50 loss but like seriously dude we know how much cash we handed you. Super annoyed to have to argue that.
We stopped into Birra for a late lunch on a beautiful Saturday afternoon. While the service was very good and everyone was very friendly, the food was mediocre at best. We started with a Caesar salad and fig, goat cheese, and pancetta pizza for the table. The salad was good...nothing to rave about, but solid. The toppings on the pizza were delicious, but I found the crush to be overly hard. It was VERY crispy. Our sandwiches were the major issue. Among the 4 of us, we got 4 noni's brisket sandwiches and 1 grilled cheese. I don't know what happened to their pepperocini jam, but they were some of the spiciest sandwiches we have EVER eaten. My nose and eyes were running and my throat was on fire. Everyone at the table loves spicy food, but we all agreed that our dishes were pushing the limit. After I could barely stomach half my sandwich, I asked the waitress what was so spicy and she agreed to remake my sandwich without the jam (very nice). I asked for the sandwich to-go because everyone else had finished eating. I came home to find baguette bread with melted sliced cheese. It wasn't pressed like it should have been. While I appreciate their giving me a new sandwich, I would have enjoyed if they had cooked it according to the menu. I don't think we'll go back...
I've been here a few times for beer, and I also love their beer list. This time I had the Anderson Valley Summer. In the past, they have had one of my favorites: Bell's Two Hearted Ale. The rest of the list was great: Smuttynose, Southampton, and some others that I can't remember off the top of my head.

The pizza is delicious. I've had a slice or two of a few kinds and while none of the names stick out in my head, it was all great. The mushroom one was awesome.

The servers are great. Outdoor seating is a major plus. During events on Passyunk, they have tables in the street and serve beer outside.
My fiance' and I went last night and I am very tempted to give this place a 5 star rating, but I will wait until repeat visits to update my rating.

That being said, I have to say that we were extremely impressed with the place.  It is nice to see that the management clearly took advantage of the delays (I think liquor licensing was the big hold up) and trained their staff very well.  The staff was very knowlegable of the menu (our bartender Jason had already had everything on the menu and offered up his suggestions).  

The beer list was well thought out and reasonably priced (had a Great Lakes Dortmunder draft and a Brooklyn Chocolate imperial stout (10 oz pour) each for 5 bucks.  I saw 2 or 3 bottles of Italian craft beer on the menu.  I expect that they'll probably increase that depending on demand.  I honestly don't know much about Italian craft beers so I was not disappointed, but I could see how this might be a sticking point for beer geeks looking for something different.

Food is brought out family style so we ordered the 3 Pigs pizza (porchetta, capacollo and I believe prosciutto) and Noni's Brisket sandwich with au jus.  The pizza was thin and crisp, the meat was succulent and the sauce had a nice tang to it.  Honestly, 1 pizza between the two of us probably would have been enough for us for dinner.  The brisket sandwich was ridiculous!  Heaps of tender brisket that could barely stay in the sandwich and melted in our mouths.  There was a nice kick to the brisket as well, provided by a bit of chile pepper according to the owner.  At $9, the sandwich was a steal and I even had half of it leftover for today's lunch :)  The pizza was a bit pricy at $18 for a 12 inch pizza, but as I previously mentioned, in hindsight we could have just shared that and been completely satiated (as it stood we had 2 slices leftover in addition to the half sandwich!)

Overall, this is a welcome addition to the neighborhood and I anticipate that it will do very well judging from the crowd on a Tuesday night.  If the consistency of the food is the same after multiple visits I have no doubt that I will be updating my review to 5 stars.
Sitting outside on a fall day is pleasant. One pizza is enough for two, unless you're super ambitious. But I would shoot for the ambitious, because then you can take some home with you. 

And they are quite good. The pear, gruyere, prosciutto, arugula one is my favorite I have to say. 

They also have a decent list of birre as the name would suggest. Casual and easy, very enjoyable experience in a great location.
I throughly enjoyed this place. To me this is what good south Philly Italian is all about. Simple ingredients, good beer and most of all MEATBALLS. 

Just the sheer size of this beautiful mixture of beef and veal is enough to send me into a blissful state. With the home made ricotta cheese on top just makes this dish so great. 

The staff is always friendly and the bar manager is a super cool guy.
I will say, I had the best grilled cheese of my life here. The place is cute. The service was less than decent. I got there on the early side. So, it was a change of shift. The girl who initially waited on us was great. She left 10 mins after we got there. Like I said, we were on the early side, so we were the only 2 at the bar. The bartender wouldn't even look at us. I actually had to do an "Excuse me". Twice. My companion didn't like his beer. (They only serve "fancy" beers). No option for the non beer connoisseur. I have no problem paying for that. No one's fault. I am on the wine snobby side, and it had very few options and none I particularly liked, but it wasn't for me. What I found very odd, he poured it into a carafe, but gave him a regular rocks/highball glass to drink it out of. I think if you put that much time into a beer list, take half that time on wine by the glass options. I didn't have a chance to check out the wine by the bottle list. The initial bartender gave me a menu to hang on to, new guy took it away from me. When I asked for the wine list, he gave me a little menu just meant for wine by the glass? It of course wasn't cheap, but I had expected that. I may give it another chance because I live in the hood. But when Stateside and Stogie Joes are so awesome, I don't see a reason unless someone else makes a plan. 
As always, love new business on Passyunk. They're doing well without me. Note to management... As a bartender for a 100 years, I was never allowed to eat my shift meal at the bar. When we first sat down, I thought the guy eating next to us was a patron, not the bartender. I'm pretty easy going, but that's not a good look. Empty tables everywhere at that time. Just sayin.
Was the pizza good?  Yeah, sure.  Better than some other places I've given 4 stars in fact (looking at you, Kennett).  Three Little Pigs and Carbonara were certainly enjoyed if not a bit greasy.  Heard great things about the ravioli and give them props for a more full-fledged menu than other "higher-end" pizza joints.  So in this respect they're 4 stars.

But was the service good?  Not really.  My mom's veggie panini was obviously forgotten under a heat lamp (the dipping sauce's container was very hot to the touch), and came out way after the rest of the table's entrees.  Waitresses would disappear for long periods of time, a guy who worked there that was standing by the entrance was being very loud with his boys who stopped in for a drink, stuff like that.  People were generally nice, but this kind of stuff just took away from the dinner a little bit.  It was a Sunday night, the place wasn't that crowded yet it seemed a loud, tense environment.  Just rubbed me a bit wrong.

This being said I'll likely stop back in, just be forewarned it's not a quiet, relaxing place to grab a bite.  Better to think of it as a loud bar that services really good pizza-centric food.
All around great experience for our group of 8 last Sunday.  Signature drinks were so good; margarita and prosecco cocktail delicious! With such a large group we had a number of different things.  All the pizzas were delicious with a nice thin crust; loaded potato pizza, duck and margarita pies were all fresh and really good.  Meatballs were so good!   We would all absolutely go back!
Oh my gosh how could I forget the truffle mac and cheese - I will get this every time I manage to come back!   
We didn't have room for dessert but I saw the bread pudding go by - .   Just sayin, I wanted it.
Stopped by here twice now.  First time was a few months back and it was ok, but the clientele was really creepy.  Beer list is decent (not amazing) and the pizza we had was pretty good.
Second time was last night.  Clientele was not creepy, more families and people just having dinner and a drink.  It is always entertaining to see local girls who come in looking like Fran Drescher's "Nanny" character.
We ordered two small pizzas, the Three Little Pigs and the artichoke and spinach.  The Three little pigs was nice and pork-alicious, although I think the meat was a little on the salty side.  The artichoke and spinach pizza with creme fraiche was nice, not too salty and it didn't suffer the typical veggie induced sogginess.
The beer list included a Firestone Pale Ale, while was apparently an award winner.  I enjoyed the beer, which was reasonably priced.  I'll keep saying it, though, having a decent beer list in Philly will not set a place apart from the competition.
The service, however, was achingly slow.  I stared at empty water glasses and beer glasses for what seemed like days.  The servers were polite and friendly, but apparently had the ability to cloak, as they were invisible.  It's not a huge place, where were they hiding?
Overall, if you are looking for a place with decent "artisan" pizza, a palatable beer list, and a decent atmosphere for a reasonable price, this is your place in South Philly.  Just be patient.
Gaahlic pizza, incredible mussels, would've drank the broth if it was socially acceptable. Pumpkin tiramisu was awesome but the berry sauce was totally the wrong pairing. Still delicious and service was great!
I've been here twice so far and I'm yet to be impressed. I want it to succeed but it's just nothing special. For example, I tried the mac and cheese pizza. It was pretty good but it was simply mac and cheese on pizza dough.. Where's the magic? Also, too many tvs.
I'm a fan of Birra. This is a very "East Passyunk" establishment - right in the heart of the strip - and bringing a very chill, local, vibe for the diner. 

There are lots of appetizers, salads, and pizzas to peruse on the menu - and a very stocked full bar, too! My main recommendation here is to go for the $5 beer and pizza Happy Hour - weekdays until 6pm. This means you may need to leave work a few minutes early in order to grab the best deal in South Philly, but it's worth it! 

My experiences with the wait staff here have been great, and if the weather is nice in the summer, the patio is the best place to hang!
Some great food- we've had many pizzas and they're tough to compare to- unique, light yet filling.
What? You want me to? SPEAK LOUDER.  I can't. Ugh. Forget it. I'll just write it all down. 

Pizza - Couldn't be beat. It's inventive, fun and most of all delicious. I love 3 Little Pigs and the Funghi pizza. Ok, full disclosure, I've had two dreams about that Funghi pizza and none of them I can tell my mom. It's that damn good. 

Ambiance - It is LOUD. This is not a casual place to chill and eat some delectable pie while sipping on an excellent cocktail. I've stopped actually going inside and just get delivery or snag some outside seating if it isn't too crowded. 

Service - I saw some people dogging on the service. I've never had a problem with table service. Picking up takeout is a nightmare of M. Night Shyamalan proportions, but with much better endings and story and actors and why does he still have a job.

Anyway TL;DR Pizza is deviously delicious. Beer and cocktail selection wonderful. Service fine as long as you don't attempt take out. Ambiance? Please use your inside voice.
We specifically came here for Birra's mac 'n cheese pizza and we were not disappointed. A pizza has six slices of greatness....and we killed it. I really recommend you trying this if you're a lover of mac 'n cheese and wanted to try something different. The crust is a bit thin and gets hard if you don't eat it right away, but I guess that's less carbs for you to consume if you're trying to cut back....? Anyway, go to Birra and order this! $14 for a pie I believe.
Never again! Out with a crew last night for a bunch of reasons. One friend moving to Montana. One moving to Texas. One celebrating 29 year anniversary being in the Army. And me deploying to Afghanistan. So we had eaten at Brigantessa (which was off the hook) and was doing a bar crawl making it rain everywhere we went. The bar for the most part was dead. Everywhere else on the Ave was bumpin'. Should have been a sign. We had ordered a round and we were all engaged in conversations. I ordered some drinks for 3 of us because the others were no where near ready. Went back to our conversation. Rude as all get out, the bartender chick with her big black hipster glasses and an underserved ego, yelled at me. Her exact words were "that's not what I asked you. Are you paying for these? " our mouths hung open like Whaaaaaa???? Even the dude next to us was shocked. Ummmm I don't need to spend money here. So we said "cancel the order". Got our jackets on, got ready to leave. She comes over with the drinks and we explained that we cancelled the order. She then says "you weren't paying anyway" wtf! The worst part? The 1st round our friend tipped $20 on her card that rude girl hadn't seen yet. Friend wanted to cancel her card so she wouldn't get her money. All of us have worked in the biz. Me? I was behind the bar for 18 years. We all tip like maniacs. She had 2 friends at the bar we think she was showing off for. I can tell you, we were bothering no one. Having a good time. She was an asshole. Big mistake. Thanks to all the awesome bartenders and servers at Brigantessa, Cantina, Stogie Joes, Noir, and forgive me for forgetting the last spot. 

Side not... The host? At Birra? had on cute boots and was adorbs. That's it.
Had 6 pm reservations for after a movie with two 4 year olds for a party of 8.  Waited almost 45 minutes. So it wasn't a great start. I have to say they made up for it. The food was really good. Manager brought us out mussels, fontina fondue, and a bread and spread plate on the house to start. It was delicious. We ordered a margarita pie and cheeseburger pie. Everything we had couldn't have been better.  The cheese on the margarita pie was so fresh! To top off the meal they sent us out 2 complementary orders of zepolli. My only other complaint is that It is a little tight downstairs. I'd like to sit upstairs next time.  They also gave the kids dough to play with while we waited for the food. It really kept them occupied. Looking forward to going back again!
I'm really torn on this one between a 3 and a 4. My pizza was excellent, so was my salad, but I couldn't tell you what I ordered. What I do remember, is while we were waiting for our dessert, the owner asked us to move our seats at the bar so that people "that were eating" could sit. I guess waiting for dessert after splitting a salad and each ordering our own pizzas doesn't count? The owner then bought these people a round of drinks. Don't know what happened to them/if they were his buddies, but the fact that I remember that and not what I ordered is going to make my review go down to three. I'd go back, but I wouldn't sit at the bar again.
Wow is all I can say. After being seated and served water the hostess comes over to inform us she "made a mistake" then immediately a man came behind her  reiterated that we needed to move, in a forceful loud tone. Neither asked if we would like to be put on the wait list.... so now at Izumi with an incredible, polite staff... especially Rob.
Well I was sure I'd be the first to review this place.  It seems that someone even more psychotic than I has gotten to it first.

Now that I'm not the first, I aim to be much less detailed.  It's the first reviewer's fault for this:

--It's really cramped in there, as psychotically anal first reviewer has noted.  Essentially a flaw in the design of the bar in relation to the seating.

--Three little pigs pizza: really quite fine.  Maybe not quite as good as Stella, and I wish there was even more meat on it.  For an $18 12" pizza I expect an orgy of meat.  Boyfriend's carbonara pizza was also very good, even though I hate peas.  He thought it was too salty but I didn't see a problem.

--Beer: excellent, great selection.  Am happily f'ed up on two very strong Great Divide Hercules Double IPAs.

--Service was outstanding, especially considering this was the first night in operation.  The owner-seeming guy walking around was very nice and everything went by smoothly.
 
--Chairs: VERY UNCOMFORTABLE.  Cheap plastic things that yield too much to weight and put a lot of pressure on your back.  Get rid of them please?

Birra is a welcome addition to the neighborhood and they seem to have an ambitious agenda.  Is it really worthy of five stars?  More visits will have to happen to accurately determine.
Good food, but horrible service.  The cook made my pizza wrong, and offered it to another table.  Even though it was wrong I probably would've eaten it.  My wife and mother in law ate their pizza, and I had to wait a half an hour for mine to come out.  Their pizza had a ton more toppings, so I don't know how my pizza took longer to make.  And when we asked, we only got an attitude from our waitress.  It's a shame when decent food is let down by bad service.
Very impressive pizza. I came here for lunch on a Sunday. The inside has about 20 tables and a full bar on the first floor and a dining area on the second floor. There were some outdoor tables in the front and side of the restaurant. The place had just opened when we arrived. A hostess greeted and sat us immediately. The appetizers looked great, but we were craving pizza, so ordered two pies. They have one size--the 16-inch, which is a medium. We ordered the Margherita and a red pie with meatballs and roasted peppers.  

The pies came out piping hot after about 15 minutes. The crust is thin, crisp and delicious. The sauce was so tasty. The Margherita was one of the best I've had in Philly. The delicious sauce is laid on thick, with a piece of fresh mozzarella and a cured tomato wedge in the center.  It was very flavorful. The prices are decent and the service was great. I will definitely be back. We were stuffed but the deserts looked great. Next time, I'll save room for the cream cheese stuffed zeppolis!
I LOVE birras food but after their apparent part owner came out screaming at my mother and I for being parked too close to his bumper, I won't be eating their any time soon. This man was a very disrespectful, angry and ignorant man all
Over a bumper. I couldn't believe he'd come out screaming like that in front of his restaurant! No respect
I wanted to like this place since it is A. Close to my house  B. Affordable and C.Outdoor Seating



We went on a Friday around and were quickly seated at an outdoor table. Waitstaff was super friendly and knowledgeable.

We ordered a margherita pizza which was completely fine, but nothing about it blew me away. We also ordered the alla carbonara pizza, the egg on the pizza was way overcooked, and the pancetta was cut too thickly. Everyone at the table thought it should be cut up smaller and pan fried a bit so that it tastes better.



Beer list was good, old stand bys like bells two hearted were priced appropriately. My dining partners both thought the magarita type drink was too minty and not cold enough.

I may come back for late night pizza happy hour and try some of the other pies but for now I might stay away.
Stopped in on a Friday night around 845pm, able to get seated right away for a table of two. As soon as I walked in, the aroma brought me back to being a kid in my grandparent's kitchen on Sunday when the sauce would be cooking. 

We ordered a pizza special (pancetta, brussel sprouts, burrata, and mozzarella with a white base), and then we added Italian sausage. The pizza was flavor and just the right size for two people (3 slices each). Only thing we would do to the pizza is either have the pancetta well done (was a little too chewy) or sub out the pancetta all together for Italian sausage. 

Our waiter, Davide, was very helpful and kind.

Would come back again.
Great place for a Sunday afternoon family lunch/ early dinner!  The six of us were out to celebrate a family birthday around 3pm and this hit all our favorites- great pizza for hubby, lasagna for the teen boy- meatball and salad for the keto eating Mom, tortellini for the daughter and Stromboli for the boyfriend.   Started off with delicious Brussels sprouts and caprese salad which was enough for us all to have a taste.  Great beer and hard seltzer's while watching the football playoffs.  Superior service and we were content !  Great people watching spot.   We will be back!
We ordered the margherita pizza, gnocchi, and broccoli raab with sausage appetizer. The pizza was so good! We both agreed we would go back just for the pizza. The gnocchi were good/normal. The broccoli raab with sausage was supposed to be served with polenta..but I never received my polenta. Very sad. It was still delicious regardless. The environment is very loud. We were sat next to a couple who was having a somewhat aggressive argument, and the person who kept yelling was not asked to leave which was odd. Overall I would consider this for a very relaxed and casual dinner. Very good beer selection.
Birra is a great addition to a great neighborhood!

I have been here several times and have always left very satisfied with the food, craft beer selection, and service.  You probably won't get the best meal of your life at Birra, but there is really nothing to warrant not giving Birra 5 stars.  

Don't come here expecting a traditional South Philly pizza place.  Rather, the pizza at Birra has a very thin crust, and they offer a variety of options/combinations/flavors.  Our favorite pizza that we've tried was la peperonata, and we've also tried the gaaahlic,  gabagool, and cheeseburger pizzas, which were all very good. 

All of the appetizers and salads we've tried have also been very tasty.

The beer selection is really fun. They offer a variety of craft beers on draft, which are pretty reasonably priced.  

As for the atmosphere, it is a bit small and loud inside, but that hasn't stopped us from coming back.  A major plus is that when it's warm outside, they have some (albeit a bit cramped because of narrow sidewalks) outdoor seating. 

Overall, Birra is a great spot with good food and drinks that won't break the bank.
First off---they were ridiculously nice and accommodating for our group. There was 11 of us, with 4 children. No one ever sighed, rolled eyes, was slowpokey. The Birra staff was beyond AWESOME.

Second--the food!! We got several of the pizzas for the table. The premium cheese for the kids--they loved it! They tore through two of them. For the adults, we had the Putanesca, the Gabagool, Three Little Pigs, and the Pear & Gruyere. 

I loved the salty/fishy/tart of the Putanesca so much, I am trying to figure out how to recreate it for home, now that I am back in Kentucky. It was so good. The Gabagool & Three Little Pigs were also mad delicious. 

The only misstep? The Blood Orange margarita. Through no fault of Birra, I found out the hard way I seem to have an issue with Blood Orange. :( Wompwomp. My husband loved it, though, so it works out!
Great beer. Great service. Good food. The pasta dishes are a surprise and a great value. The mussels are another highlight.  Stay with the safer pizzas (margarita, plain white, gaaahlic and gabagoo) and you can't go wrong. The staff is top notch - informative, on the ball and friendly!
Poor service.  Aggressively priced drinks. Didn't try the food though the pizza looked good.
A great spot with a great staff to boot.  I somehow always manage to get the same bar stools and am never disappointed in any of the food choices.  At this point, we might have tried almost everything on the menu and I can't think of much wrong.  This is a great beer and pizza joint.  Simple, but with plenty of choices.  Casual, yet good for a night out.  Birra has really grown on me since my first time there and now, mostly because of my pizza hungry other half, I can call myself a regular.
Mediocre food and overpriced booze make for a one and out.  Nine dollars for a glass of Avia Pinot G that is $5.99 a bottle.

The table atmosphere is absolutely stark which kind of matches the server personality.
I came here for the first time after walking by here all the time. Four of us came here and the service was great, the food was not too bad either. Since we all like different things we each ordered a pizza. We ordered a plain, a tomato pie, the Mac and cheese pizza and the spaghetti and meatballs pie. I was thoroughly impressed with the variety of pizza. I had the plain and it was ok. Nothing too spectacular about it. Now the Mac and cheese pizza and the spaghetti and meatballs pizza were outta this world. It reminded me of something you would see in the movie Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs. I tried the Mac and cheese pizza and or that alone I will return to this place. My cousin got the spaghetti ad meatballs pizza and woofed down the whole thing. My suggestion is to go here and try the special pies. They were epic.
I've been here several times and this place consistently serves up great pizza.
Our group started with the calamari- we were big fans of the tangy sauce that comes with it, but beware, I would not share with more than 3 people as the portion is small.
We got the carbonara pie and the Caponata and both were incredible! They were rather complementary choices if you are looking for one white and one red. Their pies have a thinner dough but still substantial and more hearty than a Neapolitan style. 

The braised short rib ravioli was a bit disappointing. The red sauce was heavy and did not taste fresh, and the ricotta was in a pile on the plate which I would have no problem with under other circumstances, but shouldn't it be inside the ravioli?? odd. 

Overall though, I love Birra. All around great atmosphere and a pie that you know you'll enjoy!
A great pizza, beer, and food joint in East Passyunk. The seating was quick on a Saturday night, the service was excellent, the food came out faster than expected, and the pizza was great. We had two, one pepperoni and one truffle. Both were fantastic! I also had a biere de garde from what I felt to be a great draught list. We had been meaning to come here for a long time and now kick ourselves for waiting so long. They apparently deliver too. Bonus! We'll be back very soon!
My gf and I went here last night after work for a late dinner on a whim.  The ambiance was nice, and it looked busy, but not overcrowded. Once we got inside, however, the place was very noisy (we could hear everyone else's conversation).  This seemed more like a date place  than a quick bite place, and the menu was easily overpriced (but what isn't these days).  My fault, obviously, but whatevs. 

The menu is all small plates/tapas and gourmet pizza.  As a quick aside,  most dishes contain an element of heat to them, and while I like spicy food, my gf (as well as our waitress) do not, so that does limit her options. We had a plain pizza and the short rib ravioli.  The pizza is a decent size, very NY-style very thin crust, and it is light, crispy on the outside, good char, and not dense. The look reminds me of the pizza at Roma's of Tuckahoe, NY. The pizza itself is decent, but not mind-blowing. And the sauce has a slightly sweet tang to it (a bit sweet for my taste), but my gf likes it a lot.  The ravioli dish is more interesting: 3 ravioli covered in sauce with the ricotta on the side, and 3 small pieces of toasted bread. I guess the idea is to make a crostini out of the dish, or to sop up the remaining sauce with the bread (not enough bread for that imo)? Anywho, it is very tasty, meaty, and the tomato sauce tastes like it is the braising liquid for the filling (much better than the pizza sauce). The size of the ravioli is also decent (about the size of a hockey puck). My only two caveats with this dish are that the ravioli are under-stuffed, and at $14 there should be a fourth raviolo on the plate. 

The service is good, and the staff attentive.

All-in-all, overpriced for the size of the plates, but the food is worth a try at least once. I hope you find this helpful.
Nice servers. Good mussels, very nice ceasar salad, AND 2 PIZZA PIES THAT WERE SALTY TO THE POINT OF BURNING. 
Whew. 
I like salt, I really do, we have at least 5 different kinds of salt in our kitchen right now(maybe more hiding in the cabinet above the range hood, the one that's hard to see the back of), but this was too much salt. We expressed our need for additional hydration to our server, she was quick to share our displeasure with the chefs and quick to bring us more water. Which was nice.

The place looks good. But what's with the TVs? Doesn't make a lot of sense to me when a restaurant spends a lot of money on decor and lighting, only to put TVs everywhere hitting everything with their strange blue glow and making it feel like we're at a sports bar.

4 people, $100 for 2 pies, 5 beers, a salad and some mussels. I like spending money, but I didn't like spending $100 here. Probably wont be back. But we did have great desserts and cocktails at Salt & Pepper up the street, but that's another review.
LOVED our second experience at Birra!!!!

We went in a big group of people to celebrate a birthday! Even with a 4 year old and a baby, the staff and service was impeccable. Each kid was given a ball of dough for them to play with while we waited for our pizzas. The man making the pizza was so sweet to my cousin and let her watch him make the pizzas and asked her questions. She loved it and wanted to keep watching him instead of eating dinner. 

For appetizers, we had 2 Cesar salads- one with chicken, one without. The chicken was SO good we all loved it. Then we had the Short Rib Ravioli. Everyone raved. You get 3 big ravioli in an order, a scoop of ricotta cheese and two pieces of crusty bread. My family has not stopped raving about the ravioli. We also had the Fontina Fonduta. OMG. HEAVEN. I was licking the spoon. The cheese is delicious and its served with pieces of soft bread. Each dish just got better and better.

Then we had 6 pizzas. First off the plain Cheese or White Pizzas are the best deals. For 6 dollars you get a nice size pizza. Only $6!!!!!! What a steal. We all loved the white pizza and the plain cheese was for the four year old which she enjoyed. 

The Spaghetti and Meatball was once again a crowd favorite. It was the first one to disappear and everyone loved it. My favorite was the Buffalo Chicken Pizza- seriously one of the best I've had, and I've had a lot. It was the perfect amount of spiciness and had celery on top which gave it a fresh flavor. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.

We also had a Margarita which was good! But compared to the fun pizzas, we preferred the fun ones.

We can't wait to go back and I have been dreaming about the meal ever since.
I'm still furious over my last visit on 12/29. Waited for a table for over 30 minutes. Was told we would be seated shortly and waitress kept thanking us for being so patient. At this point 3 adults walk in with a toddler and were seated immediately. We've been going to Birra since they opened. Shows you what happens when the manager leaves early!
Went in on an empty Sunday afternoon and ordered the Pear & Gruyere, Three Little Pigs, Cubano Italiano, and Shortrib Ravioli. 

Do not order the ravioli. It was either extremely undercooked or extremely overcooked. The pasta shell was so hard that it took vigorous sawing with a steak knife. I'm really upset that my father didn't say anything and just gnawed away in silence over lunch. The only way I know is because I asked for the last bite and was horrified at the quality. I've never had pasta so difficult to eat before. 

The sandwich and pizza were good, the red pizza in particular was very well spiced. But knowing that one dish was completely inedible ruined my night and made me feel terrible about the meal since I was the one who suggested Birra to everyone.
Food is good, service is abysmal.  Mussels used to be great, now they are flavorless.  Pizza is still good.  I truly felt like I was disturbing the bartender by asking for anything.  The pounding gangsta rap was offensive.
Its a stylish gastro pizza pub ala Stella, their white pizzas has creme fraiche (giggle) and they offer truffle oil among their many toppings (eye roll).  I guess the pizza is NY style, small and crisp. The dining room is cramped and the chair legs and bar stools flare out which means getting around or dining is tight and jostly.  We saw many well behaved babies last night and it was pretty loud in there, poor servers have to practically yell. I did not see TVs, but I hear there are 3.

Their beer selection is good/great and a dining companion who'd been to Italy liked their selection of Italian beers. A recent write up said their "scampi shrimp" was the "best shrimp EVER." I found them overcooked, greasy and steep at $18. I would not get them again, I would not recommend them and on return visits i will avoid all the small plates, except maybe salad.

Pizzas comes in one size and start at $6, toppings extra. Family style small plates also available. Based on our experience I view this place a cramped and stylish a small step up from the perfectly good pizza and beer across the street. Amazing, that a new place can make any other place on P'shunk seem open and airy.

Lastly, the menus has punctuation issues where a "-" is used both to connect 2 ideas "oompaloompa pizza - red pizza with orange meatballs" and as comma in the list of toppings "basil - garlic" Does that mean they have basil AND also garlic or that basil/garlic mixed together is one topping? Style over substance.
I went here to get a pizza. I ordered a pizza. I left feeling like I didn't have 'pizza'.

The Pizza at Birra:
Swanky,
Thin crust,
Packed with fresh flavor, 
Light, 
Delicious, 
Moderately priced.
I was really looking forward to trying out Birra tonight since I heard such great things about their craft pizza. Unfortunately, my dining experience wasn't what I expected... Nonetheless though, the food was truly good.

Pros:
-- Amazing choices of funky pizzas. My friend and I order the Truffle White Pie pizza -- absolutely phenomenal! They place a sunny side up egg in the middle of the pie and it was heavenly... I want an egg on all my pizzas now
-- Versatile beer selection
-- Friendly staff

Cons:
-- I felt more as though I was at a sports bar than at a restaurant... The bar itself takes up what seems like half the first floor. The group of people sitting at the bar behind me were extremely loud and using an excessive amount of profanity in their conversation. One of the drinking patrons was just standing in the foot traffic area right behind me, which caused people to push up against me when walking behind my seat. At one point, I felt one of the waitresses' drink trays right on top of my head!
-- Noise level gets really loud and it becomes a bit hard to hear people sitting across the table
-- Sweet & Spicy Calamari was lacking in expectations... I doubt I would order it again

I definitely would come back again in the future to try it out when it's less crowded!
