SALTY PIZZA! 
I ordered a plain pizza. Perfect texture, and thin crust but wayyyy too salty!
The sauce and the cheese were both over salted. In the words of my beloved mother, why do restaurants do that? I used to answer, it's because they want us to order more drinks... but why do that on a delivery?

Delivery was a 5/5 but the pizza was too salty for a second audition. Oh and the actual crust was salty too...Who does that???
I had an Uber Eats credit and we were craving pizza, so decided to give LaScala's a try. I'd been to one of their other locations for a bridal shower before, and was really impressed with the food. 

Our experience overall was solid, though delivery took a lot longer than the quoted time. I called the restaurant at one point after our delivery window to check on the status. They told me it was on the way and, sure enough, the pizza arrived about ten minutes later.

We ordered a caesar salad, large classic pie, and small white spinach pie. This was more than enough food for two meals plus a couple extra slices. The pizza was best after a quick reheat in the oven; I especially enjoyed the white pizza.
The first time I reviewed from La Scala's Pronto was 7 years ago. It's become a household fav and staple since then.

Covid-era review update: they are still awesome.

Michelle P. Personal Update: I keep ordering the same things because they are awesome.

The Arugula Pizza is one of my favorite pies. Everything I've had there is serious quality. Great sandwiches, great Italian.

I'm so happy they've been in my life, especially in 2020. I've never actually been in their shop- delivery all the way.
Used to be Colosseo, than one day changed to this, which I only knew because the menu was placed on my doorstep.  Late one Sunday night after travelling, we didn't have food in the house, so I decided to order delivery from here.  Bad decision.

Not only did the menu we received only about a month prior completely change upon calling, but the prices were jacked up so high, it was unrecognizable.  It's one thing to raise things $1 or $2, but nearly $5 to $7? That's highway robbery.

Again, looking at the old menu in my hand which I still owned, I ordered a large Buffalo Chicken stromboli (13 bucks) and a Fried Calamari Salad.  "No seafood salads anymore, we changed the menu."  Okay, then I'll just get the Misto salad and add shrimp to it.  According to this menu, that should only run me about $9.  Also, a two liter of ginger ale.  Probably about $3.  The girl mumbles something like "45 minutes, $37.50."

I'm so baffled by a 45 minute wait on a Sunday night that I don't even stop to think about the price she tells me, convincing myself that I heard her say $27.50, which makes sense when I total up the food, tax, and delivery charge in my head.  I get my cash ready, thinking I'll give him about $33 with tip.

When our order finally arrives, it's, no joke, $37.50.  I ask to see the receipt and I'm stunned.  The buffalo chicken stromboli is TWENTY DOLLARS, a whole $7 upcharge from the menu and the salad is $12.  WTF?  I was going to refuse to pay but don't kill the messenger, right?  It's not the delivery driver's fault.  I go upstairs and get more cash than regretfully hand him $43 dollars.  For 2 mediocre dinners from a pizzeria.  On a Sunday night.

After eating a sloppily thrown together salad with slices of store bought provolone cheese and FOUR tiny pieces of shrimp, I look at the new menu the driver gave us.

The buffalo chicken stromboli doesn't even exist and the addition of shrimp to my salad says $4, which means each tiny shrimp cost $1.  Ridiculous.

I wish the girl on the phone told me that the stromboli doesn't exist and that they were going to make up some ridiculous charge because they had to throw something together they didn't even have ingredients for.  In their defense, it was the size of a whole pizza folded in half, but they should still inform their customers that "oh, by the way, that'll cost you a whole 7 dollars extra."

Needless to say, I don't think I'll ever order from there again.
There are few times in my life that I've ever felt so disrespected. When I went to this eating establishment, I believe that I was racially profiled by a cashier named Taylor. When my friends and I arrived at Pronto, we were seated in a near empty place. We sat down with a menu to decide what we wanted. After five minutes and after the fact that I had already gotten up to order, the waitress especially came from behind the counter to come over to our table and rudely ask my party, "Are you ordering something anytime soon?". I was appalled by her lack of manner in a place where she is trusted to serve customers kindly. After she took my order, I went back to the table and my party said they wanted to leave. So I went back to the counter and asked politely if I could have the pizza in a to-go box. When she pulled out the to-go box, she asked me in the most rude and impolite tone "are you just going to sit there and eat the pizza straight out of the box?". I replied "no, I ordered take out". Then the waitress said "chill out ma'am" when in no shape or form had I raised my voice with her. As my party and I were about to leave, disgusted with the attitude we received at this eating establishment, I asked one of the employees what that waitress' name was, she exclaimed, "no, because she yelled at me!". It was clear that the waitress knew she had done something wrong and that she had acted immaturely. 
I came back a day later to speak to the manager and the issue was not resolved. The manager seemed to agree that the waitress' behavior was appropriate and nothing was done to fix the issue. It was clear that the manager was told previously about the issue and was on the side of the waitress. All in all, I had a horrible experience at this establishment and was not satisfied at all with how to manager handled the situation nor did she take me seriously because of my age or race. I will not be coming here again and I hope this review shows just how terribly I was treated at LaScala's Pronto.
Every now and again, I'll place a delivery order with La Scala's Pronto. It's not too often because I'd rather be sitting at a restaurant enjoying a nice meal for the price they charge. I can say, however, that whenever I do order from them, I'm almost always guaranteed a great, hearty, well-crafted meal.

My most-ordered dish has been the chicken and spinach cannelloni. At $14, it's certainly a splurge for delivery, but it comes hot in a strong microwavable container -- filled with gooey cheese, smooth sauce, cooked spinach and an ideal mixture of chicken bits.

La Scala's also offers stellar Italian hoagies (comes on a fresh seeded roll) and chicken fingers. 

Most recently, I ordered the caesar salad topped with breaded chicken (I subbed grilled for breaded and there was no upcharge). I loved, loved, loved the creamy dressing -- and it was even better that they provided a fair amount for the massive salad size. I will be ordering this again, no doubt!

Delivery is generally fast. I had to run down two flights of steps the other day because they were 20 minutes earlier than GrubHub's estimate. I'd count that as a positive!

Basically: Top-tier for delivery on couch-bum nights, but eating at a restaurant often wins.
La Scala's Pronto has take out that goes beyond take out. I've ordered from here a few times now and quality is the first word that comes to mind. So they might be a little more expensive than the other area pizza joints but it is totally worth it. 

My most recent order included an eggplant parm sandwich, a small arugula pizza and a meatball parm sandwich. The eggplant sandwich was mine and the arugula pizza was split with my husband. As we ordered take out, we were able to go back and forth between our sandwiches and pizza. Both were so incredibly enjoyable. The eggplant was fresh and had a nice seasoning to it. It was perfectly cooked too- not too mushy but not raw. It came on a fresh, large sesame seed roll. The pizza included arugula, prosciutto, mozzarella, garlic, olive oil and aged balsamic vinegar. They call it a gourmet pizza and that it was! Every bite was more enjoyable than the last. So my husband thinks a large would be overall kill, but I was longing for more after it was gone. 

While the price inhibits La Scala's from being the go-to take out place, it tops the list of special occasion takeout pizza.
I've gotten lunch here a few times and my company orders catering from here all the time. 

Pronto's is always a solid choice. Nothing amazing, but I'm usually left pretty satisfied. The salads are humongous and my coworkers get the gnocchi almost every week. On a chilly day, I love a good bowl of soup and their Italian wedding hits the spot just right.
I was staying at a hotel and completely unfamiliar with the local restaurants. I opened my GrubHub app and blindly selected the first place I saw. Surprisingly, the Fettucine alla Romano (shrimp, crab and peas in a cream sauce). I wasn't expecting anything spectacular. But boy was I pleasantly surprised. It was amazing! Highly recommended.
La Scala's Pronto makes me wish I ordered out more often. I have not dined at the restaurant itself, but I have ordered delivery several times. Every time I call to place an order, I am absolutely pleased with how friendly, enthusiastic, helpful, and clear the staff is. The delivery guy is always the same - he is very polite and very friendly. The food itself always arrives very quickly and there has never been a mistake made on any of my orders. Deliveries come complete with plenty of napkins and dare I say, the nicest single-packaged plastic silverware I ever did see. The containers are even nice! I'm not an advocate of over-using plastic where it isn't necessary, but I've done my fair share of recycling these containers over and again by washing them and keeping them around to as tupperware. And they're free!

Sure, La Scala's is priced slightly above most other local spots that offer delivery/take out service, but with good reason. I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered and you're treated like a valued customer (which I've found is becoming more and more rare). I can say with confidence that every single item on the menu at La Scala's is significantly better than anything you can order from any other delivery spot around here. The few extra dollars you may spend is totally worth it. 

The La Scala's Chopped Salad has become a "regular" for me, I order it every time. The wings are great, they're an awesome light traditional appetizer and not like the greasy, over-sauced wings you'd be served anywhere else. Everything I've ordered from La Scala's is good.

I'm a sucker for dessert, but I don't generally order it when it comes to take out/delivery; I'm not a fan of dry boxed-mix cake that's been sitting in a plastic container for 1+ weeks. However, La Scala's selection of desserts is simply irresistible. They're the kind of desserts you pathetically eat really slow because you never want it to end. I'm not sure if the desserts are prepared on-site (I've never asked), but I'd assume they're made in-house because everything is always fresh and uniquely garnished. Genuinely authentic-tasting Italian desserts.

I love La Scala's Pronto and will remain a loyal customer as long as I live in Fairmount.






Also, to address one of the reviews I read by Andrea F: I never ate here when it was Colosseo, so I can't give a taste comparison, but I'm under the impression that the quality of the food was increased significantly once the restaurant changed names/menus, hence the rise in price. Higher quality of product = higher price of product - it's common sense. The strombolis at La Scala's are offered in two different sizes, small ($10) and large ($17), and in my opinion, they're huge regardless of what size you order. I'm assuming you ordered a large ($17), and because of the addition of buffalo chicken, they charged you $3 for a topping, which is specified on the menu itself. Three dollars. That's not a lot for a menu item which is, like you said, essentially an entire large pizza folded in half and sealed, therefore requiring enough buffalo chicken to cover an entire large pizza.

And I'm not sure why 45 minutes on a Sunday night is an unusual approximate wait time to you. Sunday nights are one of the busiest delivery nights for restaurants.  Doesn't look like it stopped you from giving the delivery driver a $5.50 tip.

Just sayin'.
Having to work in a datacenter on Spring Garden street has its perks. Whenever I get the chance to head out of the office and down to Spring Garden, I leap at the opportunity so I can get a buffalo chicken cheesesteak at Pronto Pizza. 

For less than $10 you can get an absolutely gigantic buffalo chicken cheesesteak that will keep you full for almost two days. The steak is always tender and juicy and the rolls are always soft and fresh. Always the right amount of buffalo sauce, but I am a huge pepper guy so I load mine up with chopped Italian long hots. If you're looking for a buffalo chicken cheesesteak in the center city area, Pronto's will never let you down.
Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me...let's just say I am a big fool for giving this place more than one terrible chance. I have tried a variety of their meals and they are just down-right NAST-AY! The calzone was HUGE but the fillings were clearly frozen and the calzone was delivered downright sitting in a puddle of water...completely wet and unappetizing. Pizza is equally as bad. 

Don't get me started on the pasta, overcooked, underseasoned--- Chef Boyardee would have been better. The meatballs that were delivered were quite possibly one of the most disgusting things I have ever eaten. No joke. I don't even know what type of meat was used but it was borderline inedible. Will NEVER EVER EVER order from here again.
This time around, The GF and I decided to check out La Scala's Pronto, a quick and easy outpost of the original La Scala's restaurant. I think it's fair to say that the restaurant focuses on its Italian fare (pun intended!), while the Pronto location, which also serves pastas and sandwiches, may be focused more on pizza delivery options. They also have a location in the Comcast Center, La Scala's To Go. Taking over Philly - one hand-tossed pizza at a time. 

The Grilled Vegetable Sandwich ($8.95)
Portabella, roasted pepper, spinach, zucchini, squash & fresh mozzarella

This was served on a flour-dusted artisanal roll that could have been crispier, especially on the bottom, which was soggy from all of the veggie juice. The veggies were delicious however with meaty portabella and olive-oil drenched roasted peppers. The spinach wasn't seasoned much, but was perfectly cooked. The squash was tender and the mozzarella was indeed fresh. This was a good sandwich, though I wish it was a bit bigger. But quality over quantity I've been told .. 

Eggplant Pizza ($16)
16'' hand-tossed pizza with eggplant, ricotta cheese, mozzarella cheese, & pizza sauce

The first thing I noticed was the fresh taste of the dough. This is what I constantly crave when I get pizza delivered. Clearly the dough is not frozen at La Scala's. The mozzarella was abundant and the sauce had a nice tang. The eggplant was fresh and meaty, not breaded, though it could have been a bit more plentiful. The ricotta added a nice creamy element to the pizza as well.

Overall, La Scala's Pronto hits the spot. They have high quality sandwiches and use great ingredients on their pizza, which is made from great dough. Prices may be slightly above average and that can understandably be a concern, but at La Scala's, freshness is clearly evident and sometimes ... you just need to pay the price.
We order delivery from here frequently and the woman (women?) who take my order on the phone could not be nicer or more accomodating.  My husband has a dairy allergy and they are great about substitutions.  Plus, they go the extra mile, suggesting - hey want some asperagus in there?  How about some olives?  Your average corner pizzeria usually does not have the time of day for our pickines and allergies, but these guys go above and beyond with no attitude at all.

Delivery is always on time or sooner than promised.  Pasta is good and salads are extremely fresh and large.  I love their tomatoe pie.  So glad to have them nearby.
5* especially because their delivery rocks! 

------

The GF and I had previously ordered from La Scala's Pronto and were impressed by the freshness of their ingredients. So on our way to a Sixers game, we stopped by to grab a quick dinner before hopping on the Broad Street line. 

The Pronto location is informal and typical of your neighborhood pizzeria. Friendly, with plenty of tables for eating in. 

Risotto Balls [$9]
Ham, mozzarella, Parmesan, marinara

We're suckers for arancini, so had to try their risotto balls. Crispy on the exterior with an almost glassy texture, the rice within were perfectly al dente. An added bonus of cheese and bits of ham inside? Delicious when dipped with a bit of that sweet homemade tomato sauce. 

Chicken Parmigiano [$13]
Mozzarella, tomato sauce

We know La Scala's does pizza right, so we were interested in their pasta dishes. Let me tell you - the portions are insanely huge! Better yet, this is Americanized Italian food done right. The chicken was lightly breaded, tender, and blanketed with plenty of mozz. The linguine pasta was smothered in some more of that tomato sauce and dusted with pecorino. 

Chicken & Spinach Cannelloni [$14]
Chicken, spinach, mozzarella, tomato cream sauce

If you're looking for glut of delicious cheese and sauce? Look no further than La Scala's cannelloni, which are also filled with juicy chicken and spinach. A tomato cream sauce melds the flavors together - perfect to stop up with crusty bread. 

Even for the belly of the pig, there's no feasible way to finish all of this. So be prepared for leftovers - that's obviously not a bad thing!
Finally found our new go-to pizza place! Pronto is a great casual pizza place right on Spring Garden with slices to heat up, pies to be made, or plenty of other sandwich and pasta options. I came here on a Friday night with my brother and cousin after looking around for a place for dinner. Staff was super friendly and funny, and the prices were very cheap as well. I ordered a slide of BBQ chicken and a honey BBQ chicken, both were heated quickly and tasted great. Definitely a spot to keep ordering from either in person (plenty of tables to sit) or takeout/delivery.
This review is based on their catering only, but my office has had this place cater a few parties and meetings.  The food was amazing each time and I absolutely think they have the best eggplant parmesan in the world.   Their pastas are good, and their La Scala's salad is always delicious.  Only downside to the catering is that it's a little pricey, so just be mindful of that, if you are ordering for a large party.
We have ordered take out from them a few times. Order always comes early and is hot. Their pastas are delish, especially the tortellini and penne rigatoni. Caesar salad is very tasty. They give you free bread which is yum. Pizza is pretty great too!
Times like these I wish there was a zero star option. Ordered pizza for the first time from LaScala's last evening based off the recommendation of a good friend in the neighborhood who knows his food. The pies looked innocuous enough, but after a few bites I could tell something was off but couldn't point out what. I barely ate 3/4 of a slice, and thank god that was it. Both my fiancé and I were woken up in the middle of the night with awful GI issues. I will spare you all the details, but it's been an entire 24 hours and we are both sick as dogs. This is some of the worst food poisoning I've ever had. 

I hope this was just a bad day for this place, and I do not relish in being a 'troll' but I wouldn't feel right if I didn't provide some sort of feedback given there are few ways to do so for deliveries.
I must say this place is amazing. Meat lovers pizza on point, everything fresh. Had yummy wings from here amongst other apps and everything is good every time.
I've had their catering before at previous work events (I didn't order) therefore I know their food is pretty good. l tried using them for another event I was having. I ordered at 10am expecting a 3pm pick up. When I arrived food was not ready and majority was not even made. The ladies at the front were also disappointed that the food was not ready but the food manger didn't seem to be bothered one bit. I left 35 minutes later with my order and very late to my event. Not too sure I'll be back. I can get the same or better quality food somewhere else without the extended wait time. 

Gave 2 stars because my my previous experience and the food was okay.
Everything was just ok for delivery service food. Good portion size and excellent fast hot food.
I turn to Pronto when I'm craving takeout pasta and they do not disappoint. You wouldn't think such good Italian food could come from a corner shop in Fairmount, but it does! The penne vodka rigatoni is full of creamy sauce and full of pancetta. I've also had the tortellini with Parmesan cheese sauce and it was so delicious too.  Every time I order from there the pasta is cooked to perfection and the sauce is so rich and creamy. The portions are very generous and it is usually enough to feed me for two meals. Highly recommended.
I am giving it 5 stars for their delivery service, I've never been to the restaurant itself.  For delivery, it's the highest quality I can find in my area that doesn't charge an arm and a leg for delivery.  I highly suggest the salmon... it's not cheap, but it's really good.  I feel like it's the kind of dish you would put on a plate and try to pretend you cooked on your own to impress someone.  All my roommates love the pastas and salads, but we've never ordered the pizza.  So if you want high quality delivery food, this is your best bet.
Ate here for a casual Sunday afternoon lunch and was not disappointed.  (I also liked Colosseo which this place used to be, but I only ate there once :)

Table service was quick, friendly and a nice surprise (you can also order take-out from the counter).  My Mista salad with grilled chicken ($10) was full of fresh veggies and piled with tasty chicken.  The crusty sesame seed roll on my bf's chicken parm was especially delicious, and his crabmeat stuffed mushrooms ($9) were great.  Sure, everything is a little pricey compared to other pizza joints in the area, but not outrageous.  Decor and atmosphere is certainly a notch above those with greasy hard-backed booths and one tiny TV.  La Scala's Pronto has multiple flatscreens playing various Olympic channels.

I'd def eat here again, and probably order something on that tasty sesame seed roll!
I ordered two chicken parm subs for delivery. The order came 25 minutes early and the delivery driver was very friendly. The food was delivered hot, and the overall meal was tasty. We especially enjoyed the toasted sub rolls. Would definitely order from here again when I'm craving a good sub!
Soo many things were so bad here, that I'm surprised they are still in business.  I was forced to get mozzarella sticks at the table and the middle was ice cold.  The gnocchi was as rubbery as clams.  The shrimp in the pasta still had their tails on it.  The sauce on the lasagna was bland and was smothering the lasagna.  Had to admit, the chicken parm hero (hoagie) was good, but one dish out of four does not constitute the rating be higher than a one.
Found LaScala's Pronto 3 years ago when I moved to Philly and was looking for local pizza spots that delivered. Tried a few places that were pretty meh but LaScala's Pronto was solid - had to make a few tweaks for my next order which I was able to make through the online ordering system (to be fair this system is great and easy to use - it'd be even better if whoever made the pizzas paid attention to the order details). I feel like the moment I decided I had found my spot they started to really slip in quality. Sometimes the pizza was undercooked (even though I selected "well done" in the ordering system mentioned previously), sometimes the pizza lacked extra sauce (again requested), sometimes they barely added any of the additional toppings that I requested and paid for. 
Every time we had one order that was off we gave them another chance thinking "maybe this was an off night" and sure enough the next time was ok, but they would follow that up with another bad experience. 
This last experience we ordered pizza after we actually moved closer to the shop, we thought "hey, great we're closer to the shop hopefully the pizza will be hot when we get it because it's a shorter delivery distance!" Boy were we wrong. Got the pizza, we were hyped after a long hot day of moving boxes and furniture, opened the box and noticed the pizza was already ice cold (how this happens when it's 90 degrees outside I have no idea), the bacon we ordered as an additional topping was barely there, the crust was undercooked even though I requested well done, and the cheese just slid our slices when we picked them up. Such a disappointment - maybe they're better when you go to the restaurant but I'm not going to try to find out. You've burned us for the last time LaScala's Pronto. I'd rather order from shitty Dominos because at least they're consistent and I know I'm going to get the same pie every time I order and not have to guess what kind of pizza it'll be when I get it.
Amazing chicken parm and meatball parm subs. Fries are great too. Haven't been disappointed so far.
If nothing is screwed, food is not bad. I am scared to think tho how the kitchen looks in there. 
I have ordered about 6-7 times, and three were bad experiences. First one, hair in the food. I mean this might happen sometime, but in this case just adds up... The second issue I had was a metallic fish hook found in my chicken parmigiana. If it was tuna salad, I wosuld kind of understand it, but chicken.... Last time I ordered, I found a fried fly, fried together with the chicken wings. Come on guys, clean the damn kitchen because the food aint bad.
Love that they offered a $5 off coupon for first time online orders over 10 bucks. I got a small pizza, half plain half shroom, and a side of broccoli for just $8! 

Let's be honest, I've never met a pizza I didn't like, but this was definitely above average AND they offer the option of whole wheat crust which is awesome. On the other hand, it's hard to make broccoli all that exciting, but they somehow managed! It was marinated in something and very flavorful. 

The online ordering system was very inuitive and user-friendly. 

Not only was the food really tasty, but it also lasted me for 2.5 meals. Talk about a bargain.I'm definitely interested in trying some of their pasta/salads.
Yelpitoooooos ---

Why did I wait soooo long?  I likey!

It was the end of a long Sunday, and the hunny was hungry.  We were debating somewhere close by or a franchise standard.  He did want chinese, but I digress.

I had passed by this place HUNDREDS of times; I remember it was under construction for a while, and I always passed by it late after work on the way home.  So I suggested we check it out.

It was quiet, had a nice warm feeling, and the friendly waitresses were very nice.

We ordered mozzarella sticks (natch!) and one of their speciality pizzas: roasted chicken and broccoli alfredo.

I never had pizza with alfredo sauce, and let me tell you, we were both impressed. Crispy but chewy crust, nice bite sized chunks of chicken, and fresh broccoli all were on point.  BTW, the mozz sticks were nice and fresh too, which was, for lack of a better word, refreshing!

I would definitely go back, if only for this pizza because we enjoyed it so much and because it wasn't that far from home.
We picked up a pie from here on a lazy night - but we were not impressed. It lacked toppings and was pretty dry and boring, but the menu seemed to be full of delicous tasting options. We were disappointed, but I'd be willing to try it one more time since it is so close and convenient. The online ordering system is easy to use and they are quick and reliable.
Excellent in almost every way!

Food is fresh, and tasty.  Garlic is in the air and in your food.  Mmmm!

Restaurant quality food in a large upscale pizza shop setting. 

Highly recommend the pasta dishes.

The broccoli rabe appetizer with grilled polenta is unlike anything you will get at a pizza shop.

The grilled baby artichokes are better than most table cloth, dimly lit Italian restaurants.

They will gladly make modifications of dishes to suite your dietary needs; vegetarians and vegans are welcome.

I have driven by this restaurant on my way to other places too many times and finally stopped in on Friday night.  

Will be sure to be back and be back often.
Talk about a pizza that looks good, goes down greasy, and then sits in your stomach for a period of time better measured in days than hours. There's a lot wrong with this place -- not the least of which is the promise of fine pizza with the ruinous after-effects. 

Okay, but was it really terrible? Hmmm. I'm not sure. It's hard to distinguish unpleasant in an absolute sense from unpleasant compared to what I was expecting and hoping. And since my hopes were high, I should cut them a little slack. 

The people were nice, so that's worth a point or so. 

And really, even the pizza wasn't a complete embarrassment. It's just that when you go to a city so rightly renowned for its Italian-American heritage, its history, and its urban grit, it's easy to walk away from La Scala's with a full stomach, grease running down your elbows, and a generous slice of disappointment.
One Sunday desperate for a quick bite I ended up at La Scala's and it was really quite delicious. The pizza slices were great, perfect cheese/sauce ratio and the ingredients were quality. Cheese fries were also in the picture and they are gigantic and filling. 3 slices of pizza, one giant plate of cheese fries and a fountain drink clocked us at under $15 for lunch for two. I'll take it. 

Cute place to eat in, with a nice ambience and lots of seating. Bathrooms were well maintained and clean too.  I'd definitely stop in again, or even order take-out in the future.
Was there last moth and not impressed with the cleanliness or the food. I wish their inspection record was published before that time:
LaScala's Pronto
1501 Spring Garden St.
38 violation, 12 serious
A dead mouse was on the floor under shelving in the basement area; mouse droppings were found along the floor perimeters, under, and behind equipment and shelving throughout the food prep, warewashing, storage, and basement areas; debris and mouse droppings were on shelving under the front counter, chemical storage, dry storage, inside cabinets, and basement shelving; hot running water was not available at the handwash sink in the front prep area; pizzas were not held at the required temperature; bottled beverages, containers of sauces, and uncovered containers of calamari were not stored at least six inches above the floors in the walk-in coolers and basement; there were damaged ceiling surfaces in the basement, and loose wall panels and damaged wall tiles in the warewashing area; grease stained ceiling tiles were found in the cook line area; there was a leak coming from the faucet of the handwashing sink in the front food prep area; the side door was propped open without a protective screen/barrier and not protecting against the entry of insects, rodents, and other animals; condensate from one of the cold prep units in the cook line area was draining into a pan instead of an approved indirect waste drain; employees were donning single use gloves without a prior hand wash; an employee did not follow proper handwashing procedure and use warm water; the person in control of premises had not posted "No Smoking" signs.
The establishment was issued a Cease Operations Order and must discontinue food operations immediately. The establishment could not operate for a minimum of 48 hours. Inspected Aug. 27
On par with Nomad in south philly, this brick oven pizzeria is a favorite for grabbing a slice on my way to class or with my boyfriend before he goes to work. The service is friendly and prompt and the product they serve is fantastic!
I'm a little embarrassed to say it, but they have the best wings (at least for delivery) in NoLibs. Their rigatoni vodka is to die for (but I substitute gnocchi).

A little expensive but well worth it.
LaScala's Pronto is the new kid in town dressed in preppy clothing and creating quite a reputation. I stopped by with some friends a couple months back and loved the place! I say preppy because the pizza is more expensive than your run-of-the-mill pizza joint. That being said, you will want to keep coming back regardless of the price.

The number of different pizzas available "by the slice" caught my attention, as did the cozy interior of the restaurant. The counter workers were nice enough, too. The only complaint that I have about La Scala's is the location. It is sort-of located on a random street away from a lot of people. Parking can be an issue too. The pizza is worth it though, so the added effort to get to this gem is worth the dig. Check it out!
I frequent this place for lunch during work when I want to carb out and I have to say it is a little corner place that hits the nail on the head. I have tried pretty much everything on the menu and have no negative comments on any of the food. It would have received 5 stars if my order came out the way I ordered it on a 2 occasions.
This is my first review and I had to post it. I just ordered from here for the first time. The food arrived fast, hot, and almost too pretty to eat. I ordered a salad, fried mozzarella, and a small margarita pizza. Everything was excellent and I am so excited to have left overs. Definitely will order from here agin.
Had a late night dinner with friends at this joint. The staff there were friendly and the food was good. Dropped my hat on my way out and it was there for me the next day. Don't know what this place looks like during lunch / dinner hours, but there was plenty of space late on a winter weekday night. The prices were as low as one might expect, but the portions were big.
I got Pronto for a small group catering event. Ordered the sandwich tray (4 choices), roasted potatoes, arugula salad and cookie/brownie tray. The recommendation said serves 8-10 people. All of the food was very tasty, and the salad was especially robust and beautiful. The order was delivered on time and all notes (dressing, pine nuts on the side, number of utensils) were taken into consideration. I would definitely recommend Pronto catering again! Thank you, Pronto!
First off the place is small as hell. Small to the point that your sitting on top of the next table of people when eating . The b.tch who who works there has a stink attitude . The pizza is mediocre and it's cold . Your better off going to city view down the street .
Pronto not pronto. While I was not disappointed with the taste of my gorgonzola pizza, i must say that it was not worth the 70 minute wait for delivery. The fries had good flavor and are probably pretty good when they are warm. In the future we will stick with luigi's on 24th & fairmount.
Came here with a work party so I cannot comment on the regular guest service. Our group service was great.

Wine by the glass is well priced with some very good bottles for $9 - 11/glass.

For dinner I had the grilled Chicken which was pretty tasty and cooked perfectly.
Long day at the office and the team was tired, critical, and hungry.

Via Grubhub.com, we ordered 

The Classic Pizza
The Sicilian Pizza
The Philly Cheesesteak Pizza
French Fries
Grilled Hanger Steak with caramelized onions, mushrooms, and potatoes, 

The order was promised by 6:15 PM.  The order arrived at 6:15 PM.

Everyone praised every dish.  Garlic fans will not be disappointed.

My steak was was tender and perfectly prepared.  The side of potatoes a little overcooked, but tasty none the less.0

The total including tip was 75.44 and worth it.  I will order from La Scala's Pronto again!
This place is SO good.  We were so pleasantly surprised with the food.  I got a stromboli while my husband got a pizza.  Oh my goodness, I was in heaven.  We were both absolutely overwhelmed with how good the food was.  Truly quality and so good.  The portions are generous and my husband and I could have split my food alone.  It delivers here in Fairmount, too.  Most restaurants are huge snobs to delivering here (even some chains) so we were grateful for the ones that are not.  This gives us more selection...and how we found one of our NEW favorites!
La Scala's is a nice place to grab a slice of Pizza on the fly, but in the wise words of Seahawks CB Richard Sherman, I thought the Stromboli was "mediocre at best."

I ordered the Stromboli with pepperoni, and I had a hard time finding the pepperoni. Where they skimped on the pepperoni, they more than made up with cheese, so it was still quite filling. Maybe I've been spoiled by the superb Stromboli I've had in south Philly, but unfortunately, this one wasn't one I wish to remember. 

The service and atmosphere were the only redeeming qualities-- 3 stars.
Okay, so I've had it with this place! The pasta is mediocre and the pizza is okay. The way they treat their food is HORRIBLE! The chicken has the texture of rubber, I think they melt out the chicken and then if they dont sell it they will refreeze it again. It also has a horrible after taste! There were PLASTICS (YES, PLASTICS) fried with my calamari (I will upload a picture for everyone to see). I never write reviews but I am so pissed off with this place I feel like I have to. Also if someone chokes on the plastics they can seriously get hurt. This place is ridiculous! I will never order from there again, EVER! NOT even if they paid me to eat there! Go to Santucci's on Broad and Wallace or City View. Skip this place unless you want plastic in your food.
The picture I posted separately can speak for itself.

On 10/27/16 we ordered delivery from LaScalas. Two Caesar salads. 

My salad had a dead fly in it that I almost ate thinking it was a large pepper fleck.

We called to inform the restaurant and spoke to the manager, William. William said "we don't have flies here" and offered us absolutely nothing. 

Flies carry disease and this is a health risk.

I understand a fly perhaps IN a restaurant, but NOT in my food.

Check the food before you serve it.

I saw other reviewers had posted finding plastic, metal and more flies in their takeout food.

This restaurant needs an inspection!
This place is great! I've ordered takeout several times. The chicken parmigiano is great, and it's the best pizza I've ever had.
We have ordered delivery from this place three times. We will not ever make that mistake again. 
The first time the food was bad, but we thought we could have caught them on a bad day. The prosciutto was sliced thick, almost looked more like corned beef. Very low quality. 
The second time was better, but still mediocre. 
This last time was the final straw for us though. We live 5 blocks from this place. It took an hour on a Wednesday night for our food to arrive. We could have walked, ordered and walked home faster. Which we would have done if it wasn't 8 degrees outside. 
When it did finally arrive, the pizza was cold and the arugula on the pizza was wilted and brown. There was a tip added on to the bill unbeknownst to us, so we tipped the driver before realizing after he left. When we called to complain, the manager said he would send the driver back to refund our money for the pizza. Eventually they brought back the exact amount of the pizza, 12.00, but did not refund the tip that was added before delivery. 
We appreciated the driver having to do all he did, but feel that after all was said and done, spending 17.00 for a ceasar salad was pretty ridiculous. They have lost two customers for good. 
Dont waste your money here. City Pizza at the other end of the block is much nicer, prompt delivery, and the food is better (never had their pizza though so I can't vouch there.)
Always order their pasta dishes and chopped salad.   Always delicious!
The pizza topping wasn't bad, but the base was frankly disappointing (we went for the wholewheat option).  Too thick, and really difficult to chew.  It was almost like they'd reheated the pizza or something....  We would have also liked to have seen some evidence of tomatoes on our pizza.  But maybe that's being a bit picky.
Not sure we'd go back. There are much cheaper, tastier options in the neighborhood.
This is a good pie. The cheese is gooey, the pepperoni has that perfect twang, and the crust gets just the amount of crunch you want. Got a good chop salad, a couple excellent pieces of garlic bread, and was very pleased. Only thing I wish could be better is the sauce, which isn't as hearty or flavorful as I like it.
I've ordered from this place a few times now. It's a big upgrade from Colosseo. Everything seems fresh and well made. It can be a bit pricer than you'd expect but the food is on the level of other good Italian joints in the neighborhood (Luigi's/Lazos). Give it a  try, especially the stromboli.
Online ordering for La Scala's is available through both Grubhub and the restaurant's own website. I ordered for the first time using Grubhub, but will likely order directly from now on, since they offer a rewards program and more customization options for ordering. They also offer $5 off your first order.

For my first order, I tried the Rigatoni Vodka. The portion was very large and will likely last me another 2 meals. It was still hot when it arrived, and my delivery came in about 40 minutes. I will definitely be ordering again, and look forward to trying the rest of the menu!
I was looking for an alright place for pizza at we my classes at ccp. But I found a place that has some
Of the best pizza I ever had. I would drive all the way from the northeast for some prontos! And they have great service.
Loved their pizza here! I always order ranch with my pizza out of habit. Once I did, the waitress told me I wasn't going to need it and sure enough she was right. It was great as well as the service. Hopefully another trip to Philly will be planned so another trip to Pronto Pizza can be planned!
Excellent food and service
Food prices are good also
Ver clean place to eat.good prices, excellent service. Ask about the specials.
The pizza and cheesesteaks are very good.  We have been there twice recently.

I especially liked the salad.  It was very good. Extremely fresh.
At first I thought this place was a bit overpriced (given the venue), but the food was amazing.The rigatoni pasta was on point!
Jeremy thought I'd give this over-trafficked place two stars. It was good enough, but probably too expensive for its own good. It was also way too loud. I couldn't hear my name being called out (probably because I wasn't listening for the name listed on my card, since they never asked me for mine or offered a number).

$10 got me fries, a refillable soft drink, and a chicken cutlet sandwich. The fries were frozen, hand cut would be better. The chicken was also just a bit dry too. Since the lean breast meat is hard to prepare for mass consumption, my suggestion would be another source of fat in the sandwich. 

But I left quite full, at the very least.
I recently visited La Scala's Pronto. While ordering pizza, I noticed there was a hair in my food. I pointed it out to the cashier and she just looked at it and threw it away. She then heated up a new slice of pizza for me. When the pizza was done she put it in the box and continued to work. She wasn't rude but I would have expected an apology or at least acknowledgement of the situation. She sort of just ignored anything had happened. It turned me off. I order delivery from this place quite often and I don't know if I would continue due to the way I was treated. I read other comments where customers felt profiled and I don't know if that was the situation in my case. However, as a professional that works and lives in the area, I was not impressed with the professionalism.
I don't know why the place isn't more highly rated. I just grabbed a white slice with spinach and tomatoes on it and it was most delicious. I also grabbed a plain slice and a slice with sausage and pepperoni. I thought the sausage was tasty. The slices were bought around 11:35 and were fresh. I'd go back
I have been doing take out from LaScalas for years and they never disappoint. I absolutely love their salads, always amazing and large portioned. The pizzas are speciality pizzas and always delish. Appetizers always are a plus, I've had the risotto balls which are my favorite. Also, the prices are reasonable especially compared to a lot of places in the city.
This review mostly reflects my experience with Pronto's pizza, so I'm still open to exploring their menu further and re-evaluating. Especially because I acknowledge that my selection when I ordered wasn't a particularly conventional pie and might not reflect how they handle more normal items. 

I surprised myself a bit when ordering and got the Sweet & Spicy Chicken Pizza. It wasn't awful or anything, but it wasn't spicy and I don't think I'd say it was particularly sweet, either! By far the most assertive flavor on the pizza was the Gorgonzola. I ordered the pizza hoping for a nice balance of the promised flavors and ingredients, but what I got was bites that were either a bit bland or a bit overwhelmed by the Gorgonzola. 

My girlfriend played things safer and got a White Spinach Pizza that was pretty good - better and less disappointing than my choice, but nothing overly memorably. We rounded out the order with fries, which were good, but, you know...fries. There are occasionally fries that wow me or appall me, but these fell squarely in the "standard restaturant fries" category. I don't say that as an insult or a knock, just that they didn't hold any real sway over how I feel towards the restaurant.
Honestly, if you give this place a good review your taste is compromised, and possibly your brain. 

This place has a decent oven to get the job done - the dough doesn't look bad, but then they use ingredients you would taste in a pizza roll from family dollar. The cheese is the absolute lowest quality - has no taste, almost like wax. The tomato sauce is some mix of oil and something else red. Even seasoning the slices to death they are still absolutely bland.

City View is basically party pizza - but at least it tastes good. Brandywine is not gourmet pizza either, but it tastes good.  Even John's place, which has carnival type pizza has a bit of taste. This place is just disgusting grease in your throat. You'll want to spit it out the minute you put it in your mouth.

I have tried a couple sandwiches from here, and the same is true with them. Low, low quality, cutting corners. The cooks have no idea what they're doing, and the owner obviously doesn't care. The chicken cutlet sandwich I got was disgusting hard chunks with pukes of tasteless "cheese" and "sauce."

The facade of the building outside looks classy. I'm not sure what else I can do to lighten up the bashing, but after several chances, they just are consistently trash.
I was just here like 5 mins ago and the Food was great but customer service is the worst! I'm not sure if it's all the ladies but the ladies who worked told definitely has no respect for their jobs and they both has a very nasty attitude. I'm sorry but I will not return where I don't feel appreciated.
My go to ordering out spot. I usually order every 2-3 weeks or so. The vodka rigatoni is my absolute favorite when I'm craving it and can't get my mom's rigatoni. Also, the dessert is to die for. Love their cannolis, tiramisu, and lemon cream cake. Pizza is solid! Really good place to order from when doing a group or party order since there's tons of options.
One of my favorite pizza places! Always delicious and on point. I love love love their sweet and spicy chicken pizza and most of their other pizzas. Their arancini balls and sweet n spicy wings are great as well. They also have slices ready to be heated up and taken to go. Highly recommend!
