We're big Zahav fans and looked forward to our reservation at Laser Wolf. We had high hopes based upon the reviews.

The ambiance for me was a bit off-putting. You're basically sitting in what feels like a garage with tables donned with fruit-inspired plastic tablecloths. I get what they're going for aesthetics-wise, but it was more casual than I expected. 

We enjoyed the Salatim for the table, but the main plates were excessively priced for the quantity.The short ribs were $112 and were just enough for the four of us to have a few pieces. The Bronzino was $88 and was nicely deboned, but quite a hefty price tag. Again, just enough portion size for the four of us to have a few ounces.

We knew going in that we'd be dropping bank for this dinner, but we were underwhelmed by the experience overall. We never nickel-and-dime our culinary adventures, but this particular experience just didn't wow us.

We are going to stick to Zahav.
@nommingnomad approved.

When I heard that Mike Solomonov was opening another restaurant and now in Fishtown, I knew I had to go. I kept hearing rumblings that it was going to be like Zahav and that's all the motivation I needed. I knew that it was going to be next to impossible to get a reservation, so a friend and I decided to walk-in and try our luck. It was a Wednesday Evening at around 05:45 pm and I thought I'd go in and put in my name and hope that we'd at least get seats at the bar. As luck would have it, we got a great table almost as soon as we got there. I was a great start to the evening. 

The space has a very tropical and chill vibe with high ceilings and a lot of light streaming into the main dining area, all the wait staff in their cute Hawaiian shirts and the vibrant table covers (ours was oranges). I loved it. So, this restaurant is modeled after an Israeli skewer house and revolves around grilled fish and meats. You have to just pick your main from the grilled meat/fish/vegetable section and the price includes 12 different salatim, which will be refilled if you want, hummus and pita and a dessert. We decided to go with the whole branzino which is for two people, so it was perfect.  

Not too long after we placed our order, they brought out their legendary hummus with the freshly baked fluffy pita and the 12 salatim which are all vegetarian - Kale Babaganoush, Israeli pickles and olives, braised fennel w/ hazelnuts and amba ajvar (eggplant & pepper relish), cranberry beans w/ peppers and tomato, Shipka peppers and pickled long hots, sweet potato muhammara, dill and lentil tabbouleh, eggplant babaganoush and pumpkin chershi. Which all tasted amazing and I would have been content with just that, which is something you can order. If you just want the first course, it's only $18 and I think it's worth it. 

Then came the main course, the whole branzino grilled over charcoal and stuffed with a delicious gingery puree. With perfectly crispy skin, the fish was so flavorful, flaky and succulent. We thoroughly enjoyed it and I am picky with my fish and I can honestly say that this is one of the best I've ever had. Then last but certainly not least came the dessert which was a vanilla icecream with pistachios and crunchy bits and maraschino cherries which was so good, that I ate it all, despite being so stuffed at this point. 

So yeah, will I recommend it to literally everyone? Yes! Will I go back to try the other offerings? Yes! Will I talk about this meal for some time to come? Hell yeah!
Another excellent restaurant in the CookNSolo group! I've been waiting for almost a year for this place to open and was not disappointed. If I could describe this place...it's like Zahav and Dizengoff had a baby.

Menu is super easy to navigate. Essentially you pick a main meat/fish/veggie and it comes with hummus, pita and never-ending salatims. Yes, like Olive Garden never ending breadsticks but with the best Israeli salads they'll keep refilling. All of the salatims are delicious and it's so hard to pick a favorite. It's definitely preference thing and a great debate to have with your fellow diners! This course also comes with their famous hummus which is literally the GOAT.

So far I've had the Lamb Merguez, Trout and Branzino.  The lamb was super flavorful but maybe slightly overcooked. The trout was delicious but I wish it came with more of the salsa. The whole grilled branzino is to die for! You cannot pass this up and it's a great deal for two people. Both fishes had super crispy skin that I couldn't get over! 

Dessert is kept super simple with varying versions of vanilla ice creams.  The first night I went it was a vanilla ice cream sandwich with pistachio, crunchies on the outside and a cherry in the middle. The second time I went it was a vanilla ice cream sundae with pistachios, crunchies and a cherry on top.

As always with this restaurant group, service was excellent.  I cannot wait to go back...especially with warmer weather approaching!
My friends and I finally got a reservation for Lazer Wolf, and 8:45pm on a Wednesday. Not super crowded, a little later yes, but we'll worth the wait. 

HOT TAKE: Lazer Wolf is better than Zahav, THERE I SAID IT (I've now been to both over the last two or so months, so I can actively say IMO that Lazer Wolf is the better of the two esteemed Philly restaurants). Lazer Wolf is a little more casual of a decor, whereas Zahav I feel like had an unofficial dress code even though nothing was said. 

Okay now let's get to the good stuff :) 

The menu was pretty self exclamatory, actually pretty simple--only one page front and back, which is nice because honestly reading a ton of options is cool, but sometimes exhausting and makes it harder to make a good decision. When we presented with the option to do the chef's tasting for $65 per person, we were instantly sold for 1. Not have to read the menu and decide on a couple of things and 2. To really be able to try the best of the best. 

The Salatim(s?) come out in a round tray with with about 10 or so Israeli salads to be eaten with pita. All we excellent and refills were strongly encouraged, but totally save room if you're doing the chef's tasting menu. 

All of the meats were cooked to perfection, and there was more than enough for 4 people to thoroughly enjoy themselves and still take some home for later. 

Also, the French Fries with the Tahani ketchup were the random star of the bunch. It's so funny when something so simple is executed so well. 

We really really enjoyed ourselves tonight. The staff was excellent and made sure to explain each and every dish, and were overall just pleasant.
To put it simply: SOOO good! The vibe is so fun and energetic, definitely unique to the other Solomonov restaurants. The staff is nice and attentive and the food is perfection. The salads that come with your meal are delicious and keep you entertained and happy before your entrees come. We ate the lamb chops, beef kabobs, and tuna and all were cooked to perfection and full of flavor. 
The ice cream that comes with your meal (yay!) is the perfect note to end the experience! 

We can't wait to come back already!
Solomonov does it again and I was very happy to wolf down all the salatim offerings!

So here's the deal:

You pick a meat, fish or vegetable (priced 30-40 each, with some options for 2 priced higher)- for 6 of us we went with the lamb merguez sausage ($34), the skirt steak ($34), the eggplant ($30) and the whole branzino for 2- comes head and tail on but deboned ($88). All the entrees were delicious, the steak was probably my favorite. The waitress told us 1 per person and the portions of meat are small (we each got a small piece maybe the size of an Ikea meatball) but even if you don't pick a meat, fish, or vegetable it's still...

ALL YOU CAN EAT SALATIM for $18. It's like Korean BBQ banchan, your grandmother's glass candy jar, bottomless mimosas at brunch in other cities, free refills on soda at the truck stops. They just keep refilling them if you ask. AND (I cannot stress this enough) they will bring out takeout containers for you to pack up the rest.  We loved the silky smooth classic hummus and baba ganoush (and kale ganoush/ baba kale?), pillowy pitas, charred broccoli, red spicy sauce, pickled eggplants and peppers (careful not to mistake a pepper for an eggplant), the snap peas and peppers, lentil tabouli, pumpkin puree thing, and yea I just listed everything that came out because it was all amazing.

And to top it all off there's dessert included! We had an ice cream with puffed rice and pistachios, simple but delicious.

Dress code: It's not called Blazer Wolf for a reason. Despite being an almost impossible reservation to get it's a casual spot. Decorations include 20 bins of Soom tahini for showing off purposes mostly..

Wasn't super laser focused on the drink menu but there are cocktails, mocktails, beer, and bottles of wine that won't break the bank.

You will leave uncomfortably full, but your wallet will not suffer as much. With a bottle of wine and tax and tip it was $60 per person. Highly recommend!
Surprisingly, this is a pre-covid review, and I have no idea how their outdoor dining situation is w/covid. 

Must get: the fish (branzino), the side dishes (salatim), pistachio icecream
Meh: lamb
Missed out: not sure

Laser Wolf is by the same well-renowned Michael Solomonov (Zahav), offering a different slice of tapas-style dining with a greater emphasis on grilled food. The absolute highlight was the salatim, unlimited with every grilled purchase. They were an absolute delight and will definitely fill you up! My favorite were the eggplant, cabbage, and hummus. The pita was good, but not as piping hot as my favorite place (suraya). The branzino was definitely an excellent experience (albeit, I was so full that I was struggling through most of the fish). I think the lamb was also grilled to perfection, but would have preferred less fat to meat ratio. 

And of course, the staff was very hospitable and provided all the help with our very well behaved, but young and excitable daughter.

Overall, great spot to visit and would highly recommend!

Food: 5 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Price: 5 stars
Service: 4.5 stars
My husband and I had dinner here with a group of friends one night, and had a great time. The restaurant is a refurnished garage, and is very spacious. The tables are spread well apart from each other. 

Our group started off by ordering beverages. I have to say the wine list needs some work. My husband had the Aglianico while I had the Galil Mountain Blanc de Noir. Neither was very good. 

After we placed our orders for food, our server brought over pita, hummus and salatim. All of this, including dessert is included in the dinner price. The portions were generous and you can get free refills on all the pita, hummus and salatim you want. For our entrees, our group of six decided to share a whole branzino, the dry-aged ribeye and two orders of lamb chops. Everything was grilled to perfection, but the lamp chops were definitely the highlight of the night. An order of lamb chops comes in 4 pieces, even though I wished it came with more. It was so tender and juicy. The ribeye was also very delicious, but is pretty pricey at $136. 

Dessert was a house-made soft serve, creamy, and dusted with pistachio. It was the perfect way to cap off an amazing meal. Our waitstaff was superb, very friendly and on top of everything.
I am writing a new review because the owners of Lasor Wolf reported my old review! I am not here to make things up but to simply help others. I do not want other people to be fooled by the hype! Lasor wolf, if you don't like what I'm saying, how about you fix what was wrong! 

1. The appetizers were a series of little bowls. About ten of them. Out of all the appetizers, I only liked one of them.

2. Entrees were so tiny and not worth how much they cost because the flavors did not have a wow factor. And some were just plain nasty. We had the tuna entree which was a cool texture BUT lacked flavor. We had the eggplant entree which was very disappointing compared to others. I've had better. And lastly: the mushroom! Oh my god, when I tell you I was super duper excited to eat the mushrooms, let me tell you, I was! However sadly, the mushrooms tasted like they barely cleaned them! They were smoked or grilled but that was NOT the taste! It tasted very earthy and I swear to god like actual dirt! I would not waste my time and keep writing new reviews! If you are going go keep deleting my reviews I am just going to keep writing new ones Lasor Wolf. Stop fooling people

The food is very mediocre and not worth the price! Out of a 1-10, I would give this place a .01
Laser Wolf is one of Michael Solomonov's restaurants and they're only open for dinners on Tuesdays through Saturdays between 5pm-9:45pm. It's open for both indoor and outdoor dining, and I'd recommend making a reservation online beforehand. The decor of the restaurant doesn't take itself too seriously: it has an industrial feel with colorful plastic tablecloths. 

The service was fantastic. Our waitress, Raven, walked us through the menu and also consistently checked on our table. When all the Salatim came out, the server took the time to go over each dish and explained what they were. My table even got a complimentary eggplant dish! 

For $18, you get all the Salatim (which includes about 10 dishes) and hummus and pita. I've never tasted hummus so fresh and I could've eaten it with the pita all day long. The ice cream they serve at the end was also the cherry on top (pun intended). The pistachios on top made it the perfect sweet and salty combination. I actually don't think that the entrees are worth it and that's why I had to dock a star. All the entrees are around $40 and while it tasted good, the portion sizes are really small. I'd honestly just come for the Salatim, Hummus, Pita, and Ice Cream. 

TLDR: Come for the Salatim, Hummus, and Pita! Their waiters also go above and beyond to make sure you have a great dinner.
We recently ordered takeout from Laser Wolf for my birthday and it was ah-maz-ing! The portions were huge, granted we ordered an extra entrée, but we had food for 3 days. It's located near Fishtown and offers both outside dining and takeout. We ordered earlier in the day since we weren't sure if they would sell out, but they had everything ready for pickup at our designated time. I would highly recommend ordering early if you're looking to have a meal over the weekend. I believe you can order ahead and set the day/time that you are looking to pick up. They are currently open from Tuesday thru Saturdays.  If we could have ordered everything on the menu, I think we would have. It is a bit pricy, but 100% worth every single bite. It was definitely one of the better meals I've ever had.

Each takeout option comes with your entree, hummus and pita, salatim (Israeli salads), and dessert. We ordered the options of skewers- you can pick any 2 (beef, chicken, lamb, and vegan options), the branzino as well as the Tuna Crudo. We opted for more food instead of adding on cocktails since we have plenty of wine at home. Also, my boyfriend mentioned that it was my birthday on the reasons to celebrate/order and we received a free lamb chop. My only complaint is that we needed more pitas for all the delicious food that we got. I did recently see that you can now add 2 pitas. Their menu is always changing so I can't wait to return and try all the other items that we didn't try already.

Highlights: 
Hummus and pita: fluffy, pillowy pitas served with ultra-creamy hummus. I have no idea how they make it so soft and delicious. Please teach me your ways. I would highly recommend ordering more pita since we barely had enough for 1/4 of the hummus. It would have been nice to have pita for the remainder of the meal. It looks like it was a ton of olive oil, but it was only on top. The rest of the container was deliciously smooth hummus.

My favorite salatim: 
Turkish Tomato Salad - definitely my favorite salatim that we had. It was super fresh, good herb note, and balanced with salt.
Ajvar - I had to google what this was. It was a mixture of smoky eggplant and red pepper. It had a slow heat to it and paired really well with the pita. I would eat it with a spoon and bathe in it if I could. It reminded me of Israeli pico (salsa).
Israel Pickles with Shipkas - tart pickles with spicy hot peppers. Warning: these peppers are really really spicy so be prepared to dive into the pita or other salatim to cool your mouth down. We ended up not eating most of the peppers due to the heat.
Cucumbers with dill - classic cucumber and dill dish. Fresh and definitely palate cleansing. Much needed after eating those spicy shipkas.

Tuna Tartare - served with Schug (spicy jalapeno sauce), ginger, and cucumber. It was light, fresh with a creeper heat from the Schug sauce. The pickles and ginger added a nice crunch. If you like tuna or want to try a tartare, I recommend adding this to your order.

Lamb Chop- it had a good spice level, subtle. The meat was super tender, almost buttery, and smooth. It was cooked to perfection. It was so nice of Laser wolf to add it to our order. I'm so glad we got to try it.

Chicken skewer with harissa- the chicken itself wasn't that spicy which was surprising since most of my experiences with harissa have been mouth-numbing. It was really juicy and flavorful. I highly recommend that you eat it with the remaining salatim for an extra delicious bite.

Bulgarian Beef kebab - the kebab had a smoky flavor with a slight paprika spice. It reminded me of a lumpy hotdog but way more flavorful.

Branzino - a whole branzino with tomato and ginger. It honestly fell right off the bone and was so tender. It was meaty and not fishy at all. There was a slight heat to it and towards the center of the fish, there were hints of ginger. The branzino was definitely the best fish I ever ate. Highly recommend ordering this if you like seafood. Probably the best thing we ate all night.

Key lime bars - black lemon, amaretti crust with a white chocolate ganache, and labneh whip. I don't typically like key lime pie but damn, this was out of this work. It was a perfect balance of sweet and tart and completely balanced. The creamy whip on top was heavenly.

All in all, Laser Wolf was amazing. Everything we had was cooked and prepared to perfection. The food was incredible, especially after transporting about 20ish minutes to home. I highly recommend ordering from Laser Wolf if you have the chance.
The long-awaited hype for Lazer Wolf has finally come. I've been waiting months to get a reservation here and my husband and I finally lucked out. We knew we would have to eat on the sidewalk but big deal we are grateful for anything right now during Covid. 

The food was pretty darn good. For $35 pp you get all of the appetizers in a saltim style with hummus. Everything was delicious especially the red eggplant dip, and famous hummus. Then you pick 1 entree dish. I got the Ahi tuna steak and my husband got the lamb chops. Both were fantastic and cooked perfectly. The sweet corn ice cream for dessert was also delicious don't let the name scare you! 

I'd say overall the food is worth 4.3 stars. It's no Zahav but it's a great alternative and cheaper option. Everything was very delicious. 

I'm rounding the stars down to 4.0 because the service was Meh. There were multiple food runners serving every table which is nice to get your food quick but you would think during Covid they would limit one server per table for limited interaction. Also our main server was not very welcoming. For people who wait months to get a reservation at laser wolf we are very excited to dine here... it would be nice for our server to show the same excitement. Even when I ordered a drink, I tasted one sip and didn't like it, so ordered a wine instead .. he didn't even notice that the cocktail went untouched, and did not ask if there was a problem. Luckily, a very friendly lady who I think was the manager was very sweet, noticed and explained the taste in the drink I didn't like and she graciously removed it from the bill. I wish I could have given part of the tip to her, because she made us a lot happier than our server did!! Thank you miss whoever your name is  :)  

Overall, go try laser wolf, it's pretty good if you can get a reservation!
Visited last weekend with my family for outdoor dining. All the seats have two heaters going so it's really comfortable even on a cold day. 

The four of us ordered from the $39 p/p grilled menu. We got one eggplant, one trout, and two mushroom (an extra mushroom at the recommendation of our waitress) entrees plus hummus and salatim (assorted salads and appetizers basically). I really liked the cranberry bean dish and the hummus but I wasn't a big fan of anything else. My sisters and mom loved the hummus and each had different favorites. Certainly none of the salatim were cooked poorly, so it was just a matter of taste. A few things disappointed me about the meal

1) we got the same amount of salatim for four people as my sister and her husband got went them went as two people. We did get an extra hummus (so two in total) but otherwise it seems like coming with more people means your $$ doesn't go as far. We didn't need the extra (as we still had leftovers) but I don't like the idea that essentially two people don't get the salatim they paid for if you come with more people. 

2) the mushroom dish, which we were told you could never have enough of, was really basic. It was just a plate of maybe 8 button mushroom. It was fine, but definitely nothing is recommend anyone get. 

In terms of the other entrees: The eggplant was pretty good and my sisters and mom liked the fish. The rice and tahini everything came with was good as well. Dessert was drinking chocolate and a cookie. The drink was super sweet so I only had one sip and one bite of the cookie. It was all good/ fine, I just can't deal with super sweet stuff.

Overall I'd say everything was fine-good. I'm perhaps fixating too much on getting jipped in the salatim department, but I just don't love when restaurants do things like that.

I should say that I really love dizengoff and have two of Michael Solomonov's cookbooks so this is definitely a restaurant I was excited to try. I don't think it was bad at all, I was just really underwhelmed. I think it's still worth going if you enjoy Zahav / Michael Solomonv / Israeli food. I'll probably give it another go in the future if I'm with someone else who's interested.
Seems like a lot of reviews keep getting deleted on this place 

Apps are pretty good and you get quite a lot but exp. Meats are something you would expect on one skewer and maybe 5-10 not 30+

With the prices you would expect a nicer outdoor atmosphere not a half ass set up with picnic tables and paper cups housing 15 dollar drinks
So fun! Like Zahavs more casual younger brother. The menu is more streamlined. All of the salads  come out and are portioned per person for $18. Then you choose your meats. My favorites were the fried dill salad and pumpkin chershi. Loved my beet tequila cocktail but they also have 5 mocktails, very considerate.
Incredible experience. If you've been to Zahav and liked it, you have to try Laser Wolf. It's the same owner and also Israeli cuisine. My wife and I got lucky that somebody cancelled their dinner (big mistake) and we were able to get a reservation last minute. The restaurant is in what looks like an old warehouse in the middle of a fish town neighborhood; it was such a cool atmosphere and design. We had a beautiful night so they opened the garage door to allow fresh air, which made it even better! The decor and layout is very casual and welcoming. Slightly different from Zahav, which is somewhat fancy. 

The food is fantastic. They offer 12 different tapas that go along with hummus and pita. Some were spicy and some weren't, but they were all delicious. They have Babaganush and Kale Babaganush, which was different but very good. We both got meat and it was cooked exquisitely! Lamb and skirt steak to be exact. Highly recommend trying this place ASAP because it's impossible to get a reservation.
I had a fantastic dinner at Laser Wolf with two friends. We went on a weeknight and had a 5:30 res. Note that you do need to plan significantly ahead of time to get a res here, especially if you don't want one of the later ones (past 8). 

They have indoor and outdoor seating. Upon arrival you must show proof of vaccination and this is enforced.

My friends and I ate inside. It's a pretty casual environment, but it's tastefully and uniquely decorated. 

Our server was super attentive. We told him it was our first time dining there and he explained everything on the menu and the way their service works. 

The menu includes a nice variety, including several vegetarian items. Vegan can be accommodated too.

Each grill entree includes unlimited Salatim, which are their apps/'salads' served with pita. They are all DELICIOUS. Honestly I could have filled up just on that but saved room for my entree, which was shawarma-spiced cauliflower.

Meals include dessert too, which was so yummy and unique. 

Our server was so sweet and threw in a full order of fries, and drinks with our dessert. 

We left with SO.MUCH.LEFTOVER food, while also feeling so full...but it's the good kind of full, not the kind where you feel heavy and bloated. 

The food was amazing. Service was amazing. Overall experience was A+. I will absolutely be bac
Just know coming in that you'll be dropping a lot of cash for a pretty casual atmosphere and meal that may or may not be enough depending on your party size. The concept is unlimited pita bread (which was very fluffy), and Salatim small dishes that you keep ordering as you want more. The protein part is a different story. $112 for the short ribs was super steep for what it I was. Yes it tasted amazing the first few bites and it's plenty of meat for two people to share, but as it got cold towards the end it wasn't as good, and the portion size versus pricing variable just didn't align for what it was. The experience was very cool and nice but the price point is very off. Also the tiny ice cream dessert was literally a sample size and not even a full dessert.
I went to laser wolf and experienced Israeli food for the first time. We made a reservation well in advance and chose to dine outdoors. Both indoor and outdoor seating was available, though. We started off with some drinks from the drink menu which were all really good! I personally enjoyed the cider the most. Our server thoroughly explained the menu which I appreciated since it was my first time. 

The meal started with pita and a wide variety of dips/sides that are featured on the menu. I ordered the grilled chicken which came out shortly after. The sides/pita are bottomless and came with the meal. This was a new type of food for me so it's hard to compare but everything was really tasty! The meal came with a free ice cream for dessert which was my favorite part of the meal. I just wished that was endless! The only thing that was a little disappointing was they are pretty strict with their time limits for dining. We weren't fully ready to leave but our time was up so we had to go.
Yerrrrrrmm. See this circle of goodness in this pic? (Of the likes of baba ghanoush, 2 types of cabbage, beans with olives, amazing mushrooms, fennel, red pepper spread, you name it - they rotate things). You can get that jawn for $18 a pop (with refills of anything, including hummus and pita) and roll outta there like you'll never have room to eat again. However, if you do that, you'll miss out on their tasty (but pricey) proteins. Perhaps get one of those to split (the chicken is super tender). Fascinating cocktails with unique ingredients but my fav is their hibiscus iced tea; it's better than a cocktail! Lots of parking on Howard, the staff wear masks and ithinklaserwolfisbetterthanzahav. Bye.

PS - ice cream 12/10
This was such a unique eating experience and I LOVED it! Definitely go with a friend/friends that like to share food. 

All of the spreads and sides were so good and the pita is fresh and warm right out of the oven (doesn't get any better!). Make sure to save room for dessert!

Possibly a little pricey but for the quality and amount of food it was well worth it! 

The staff was great and everything felt very COVID-safe (we did eat outside).
Another hit by Michael Solomonov, I was so bummed out when they had no reservations for 2 months, so on Friday night while showing a friend on how to look for reservations, we saw an open reservation 7:15 pm. Didn't miss a beat, booked it and hailed cab to fish town, and boy was it totally worth it! 
It's an open space with fun my table covers. The menu is pretty self explanatory, everything is meant to be shared and each entree ( meat/fish/vegetable) comes with pita bread, hummus and 6-9 Salatim, all of this is basically bottomless and you can ask for more through out your meal. We decided to get the chicken shashlik and the lamb merguez. Really want to try the steak shashlik and the lamb chops, hopefully next time! 
They do take walk ins but the wait time can be over 3 hours.
Finally tried Laser Wolfe.  Glad I made it here. 

The hummus and salatim were very good. The pita was delicious. I had the shawarma  cauliflower as my main. Good but a little salty. 
Overall, the meal was delicious and the brown sugar soft serve at the end was tasty. We also tried some of the non alcoholic beverages which were unique and flavorful. 

Our server and kitchen staff were friendly and attentive. They did a great job of explaining the meal. Plenty of leftovers to take home for the next day.
Got take out from here this Saturday after eyeing the place for forever. An overall good experience but not quite as good as were expecting (or the price would suggest). 

Ordering online was easy and there were lots of great dinner for 2 options as well as a la carte options. There were even cocktails to go, although we didn't partake in that. Food was ready exactly on time and pickup was easy and safe. The restaurant has nice outdoor dining options and is decorated nicely. 

We got the short rib dinner for two. This was the highlight of the meal I'd say. Meat was fall apart tender and tasted great and came on a bed of pilaf. It also comes with the standardly amazing 4 pitas and pint of hummus that all of the restaurants from this group are known for, so no disappointments there. We also got two skewers on pilaf off the a la carte menu. These were unfortunately dry and not very flavorful. I've had better kebabs from places in west Philly for much less money. We also got the grilled carrots which were good and came with a nice yoghurt sauce with nuts. Finally (don't worry, there were 4 of us and a baby eating all this...) had the Yemenite wings. Not very crispy but otherwise well cooked and flavored well. Also came with 4 salatims with the main dinner for two. They were OK, but the salatims from some of the other Solomonov restaurants were better. 

Total price was almost 200$ which seemed quite steep for take out. It was also packaged very randomly with a bunch of unidentified small containers of what turned out to be tahini. What it went with was unclear. 

Lack luster kebabs and meh salatims prevented the 5 star review I was expecting to give this place. Still worth a try for sure!
Wow.  I loved everything about Laser Wolf.  Each part of the meal was amazing.  We ate sooooo much food.  Each meal comes with a massive amount of salads and spreads.  There wasn't a single one that I didn't like, but some of the big stand outs for me were the ajvar, the smoked kale babaganoush, and the mushrooms with chard and sour cherry.  I don't even really like mushrooms that much but these were terrific.  The pita was very soft and warm, and I enjoyed mixing and matching the pita with different salads and spreads. We also had some fries, which were also good to mix and match with everything.  

We tried two grilled fish: the spicy Spanish mackerel and the red drum.  Very different presentations, the mackerel was crusty and served with some dill and aioli, very tasty (I think it was pan fried).  The red drum was flakey, juicy, flavorful, and perfectly done.  I'd have a hard time choosing between the two.

I had the Days Gone By, a cocktail with cognac, pomegranate, honey, cava, and bitters.  Perhaps the best cognac cocktail I've had, and I'll be trying to recreate it at home. 

The service was amazing.  Every single person we interacted with was friendly, personable, and went the extra mile.  The atmosphere was relaxed and comfortable.

I'll be going back for sure.
Echoing what everyone else has said and already knows about Solomonov - he sure knows how to deliver on a memorable Israeli/Middle Eastern dining experience.

We stopped by Laser Wolf on a rainy night for a 9PM reservation. Unfortunately, things were running quite behind and we weren't seated until about 30 minutes later, but staff were friendly and courteous, handing us a menu while we waited and bringing food out promptly for a well-paced meal.

We ordered the Iraqi BBQ ribs ($112 for two) and the whole trout ($40). All entrees include the price of the salatim, a massive selection of different spreads, including kale babaganoush, Turkish cherry tomatoes, pickled mango cabbage, corn and zucchini salad, red pepper paste, marinated mushrooms, and the famed hummus - nine items total  - served with fresh-baked pita. When the salatim came out, we knew we were in trouble, it was so much food, but we couldn't stop eating the delicious spreads! However, once the entrees came out, their delicious flavors and perfect cooking preparation gave us a strong second wind and we nearly finished both despite feeling full beforehand! The Iraqi BBQ ribs didn't look like much, but the taste was unlike anything I've had before and the meat was incredibly tender, yet with the slight charred flavor of BBQ - it was a very special dish and well worth the price.

The staff were also nice enough to comp us a the fries with tehina ketchup for the wait. Best ketchup I've ever had, and the fries were perfect - crispy yet tender.

Real potential for five stars here if they'd just turn down the music a little - we wanted to talk about how delicious all the food was, but could barely hear each other! I also was not crazy about the brown sugar soft serve, which was much too sweet for me - though other members of my dining party enjoyed it. Definitely looking forward to coming back - whenever I can land a table again!
Wow! Let me just say, this was one of the best meals I've ever had in Philadelphia. Our server was Juan, who made us feel extremely welcome during our first dining experience here. He checked in on us frequently, explained the origins of the restaurant and the branches of the "Solomonov Empire", and spent so much time at our table I was worried he may have been neglecting the other guests!! He went above and beyond to provide excellent service, and even comp'd my shot of Arak!

The food was great. As an Israeli, I found the salatim very authentic and delicious! While the spices on the chicken and cauliflower that we ordered did seem a little off (was that cinnamon?), they were both very good dishes nonetheless. Be warned that the rice is a tad spicy! Also highly recommend the gin drink as well as any of the arak. 

I hope to be back soon to see Juan and the rest of the LazerWolf gang, just as soon as another reservation opens up!
Man oh man. Laser Wolf was 100% worth the nearly year-long wait we had to try it out! We wanted to wait until vaccinations and somewhat normal dining had returned so we could get the full experience, and it was so worth saving up. We made reservations for a Friday night for outdoor dining, but after seeing a very rainy forecast for the whole night, our reservation luckily was able to be converted to indoor dining. The vibe inside Laser Wolf is much more casual than Zahav, but it's definitely still vibrant and fun. Laser Wolf really lays into the "street food" vibe - the ambience certainly fit the style! Our servers (actual waiter, hostess, food delivers) were all incredibly friendly, making the experience even more enjoyable overall.

Since Laser Wolf is centered on street food, the menu centers on the "from the grill" options to mimic this. But of course, it wouldn't be a Solomonov restaurant without the salatim and pita, what our meal started out with. We received 10 various salatim alongside a few pita pieces. The pita is a bit heartier than that at Zahav and Merkaz, but still oh so delicious. Luckily we could snag some extra pita to feed our addiction / soak up the salatim. All the small dishes were awesome, but our favorites were the kale babaganoush and the mushrooms with swiss chard and sour cherry. Such unique tastes that really worked well together! We were surprised with an additional side dish of broccolini with a walnut sauce, compliments of the chef - the broccolini was perfectly charred and the sauce had a perfect amount of spice to give it a little kick, but balanced out with the nutty flavor. For our grilled options, we went with the beets and the koobideh, which were both excellent. The koobideh was a ground mixture of lamb and sausage that provided such a robust flavor that was so unique. The beets were an unexpected favorite, spiced with dukkah and hazlenuts for a really nice flavor that melded together well. We were also surprised to receive a dish of the chicken compliments of the chef, which was so moist and delightful as well. Our excellent meal ended on an extremely high note with the brown sugar soft serve with pistachio and sour cherry. This was honestly probably one of my favorite dishes of the night - such a beautiful combo of flavors that I would have never predicted. The sourness of the cherries really cut the sweetness of the ice cream, and the crunchiness from the nuts and the rice pearls added a bit more texture. Truly excellent!

Lastly for drinks, we wanted to try their Israeli take on our favorite cocktail, the aperol spritz. Laser Wolf's mish mish spritz featured of course aperol but also Turkish apricot and orange blossom for a refreshing, unique take on this cocktail. We were big fans!

Overall, Laser Wolf was an incredible experience. The food was second to none, and the hospitality was on point. The portions are very generous for the price (we ate leftovers for 2 days!), and we love that we got to have not only the famed pita but also a unique take on dessert. Truly an outstanding experience from start to finish. Highly, highly recommend Laser Wolf for anyone wanting to visit an Israeli restaurant or wanting a taste of the genius that is Mike Solomonov. Thanks for a great date night, Laser Wolf!
Can't say enough good things about laser wolf. Starting with our reservation. We arrived on time and our table was ready.  We only wanted to sit outside.  Love the picnic tables.
Juan was our server, he came to greet us and handed us a menu. One side was the dinner menu and the other side beverages.  We ordered cocktails which were wonderful
He then explained the dinner menu. We had a lot of questions and he was quite patient.
So you get an enormous tray of 10 middle eastern salads to share with the most delish pita. This was not your ordinary flavors. It was a delightful explosion
Of flavor with each bite. Then each person picks a protein or vegetable Entree. We ordered the trout and a vegetable dish of beets. All the time we were eating the servers were walking around to see if anyone needed anything
The trout was cooked perfectly  and the beets were really good and so many flavors.  Dessert was soft serve ice cream with crunchies and chopped nuts with a sour cherry sauce.  We took home half of the salads that we leftover and they gave us more pita too. Kudos to the servers and chef. We had fabulous food and a really great time. They include
A 20% tip on the check which they explain to you when you first sit down.  We tipped more it was that good an experience.
I've been a fan of Zahav for some years, so when Laser Wolf opened, I was beyond excited. Of course, I live in LA, so it's not as easy as getting in the car, but I had a trip planned and reservations for April 2020. And then the apocalypse happened. Just like that, my visit to Laser Wolf (and I was supposed to go to Zahav too!) was on hold indefinitely. While obviously my canceled reservations were tiny in the big picture, they were still a major bummer.

Flash forward to July 31, 2021: Vaxxed since April and visiting my folks for the first time since the pandemic, I crossed the threshold of Laser Wolf for the long-delayed reservation just before 7 p.m. It's a cool "industrial chic" and airy space, and the music rocks (pretty loudly, FYI). My regular Zahav (and now Laser Wolf) dining partner wasn't so lucky when it came to parking, and she circled like a jet over PHL until, with the help of the fabulous Kailey (GM at Laser), she found a nearby lot. In any case, she made it, and that was all that mattered.

Unfortunately, my dining partner arrived in less than ideal condition; she'd had something to eat/drink the day before that had riled her stomach, and while she was hell bent on not canceling because we'd both been looking forward to it so much, she didn't have her usual appetite. Still, because everything was so good--yes, we're getting to that--she carried on as best she could, determined to taste as much as she was able.

Because my dining partner was a bit behind, I had a great opportunity to start getting to know our server, Raven. (Raven, if you get to read this, you are a rock star.) Not only did she do a great job guiding us through the menu--and steering me toward the Salty Lion, which turned out to be a fab drink--but she and everyone else was so kind and attentive that it made what could have been a trying situation, given my dining partner's challenges, still lovely and enjoyable.

So as we worked on our drinks, we made food selections. Laser Wolf is centered around the grill. While there are some a la carte options, the best way to work your meal is to order one of the grilled items, which then comes with pita, hummus and a boatload of salatim (little salad dishes) that they are happy to refill if you'd like. In this case, we opted for the whole branzino for two, which is done with tomato and ginger.

The salatim arrived. It's an incredible spread--10 different choices in individual bowls--with hummus in the middle and fluffy, warm pita on the side. Where even to begin... We both dove into the hummus, tearing pieces of pita to dip into its creamy, olive-oil topped goodness, and then it was on to the salatim. While they were all winners, a few particular favorites: celery and pineapple with schug (I'm normally not a celery fan, but this won me over), cabbage with pickled raisins and amba, the Persian bean salad (wow!) and the zucchini with corn (maybe my fave). It's easy to fill up on salatim, so I tried to pace myself, though I probably didn't entirely succeed.

In the meantime, a few other items appeared. These included a fabulous yellowtail crudo with avocado aleppo crisp and pomegranate seeds--such a great pairing (loved the pop of the pomegranates against the fish)--and french fries with tehina ketchup. Truth be told, I'm not usually a big french fry guy, but these were awfully good, especially with the sauce, which had amba in it (therefore, rockin' a bit of a mango vibe). 

Then there was the cucumber salad. Well, it was cucumber with tomatoes, long hots (a pepper) and feta. Now I've had many a Middle Eastern salad with cucumbers, and typically, they're fine but kind of boring. No boring here. In fact, it was the best dish starring cucumber I've had in recent memory. Or possibly any memory.

That brings us to the whole branzino. It was perfectly cooked, so moist and tender, and the ginger and tomato were a perfect and unique complement. Accompanying the branzino was flavorful rice to use as a base. My poor dining partner tapped out a little bit into the branzino, but not before she'd declared it delicious.

Somewhere through this wonderful experience, I had to double up on the Salty Lion (yes, it was that good), and a plate of beets (accompanied by dukkah) arrived, also yummy.

So what does this leave...? Dessert! Dessert is included if you order one of the grilled mains, and on this night it was brown-sugar vanilla soft serve ice cream with Sicilian pistachio-rice crunch and sour cherry. While I usually tend to eschew soft serve in favor of...well, whatever one calls the non-soft serve variety of ice cream, this is not your usual soft serve. The flavor and texture were fab, and it was the perfect way to end the meal.

I wish my dining partner had been feeling like her usual self, but that just gives us all the more reason to return when she's at 100 percent. Laser Wolf is, like Zahav, a great experience from start to finish. (And the day after with our leftovers!)
After months delay we finally we able to make it to Laser Wolf. As we love Zahav we had high expectations for a delicious and enjoyable evening. Laser Wolf is located on a quiet street in Fishtown just a few blocks off the main drag. The restaurant itself is in an industrial space with open garage type doors, decorated in 70's kitchen decor and blaring with loud 80's music. Once we checked in we waited about 25 minutes before being seated and then were treated promptly by friendly and accommodating staff. They were the standout part of the evening. We ordered cocktails which sadly ended up not being very good (mish mish spritz tasted like Fanta orange soda & salty lion like a black licorice stick). Our main entree of whole grilled Bronzino for 2 came with Salatim (an array of salads & dips along with a pillowy pita to pair with them). The meal was filling but not impressive flavor wise. The dominant flavor of the salads was pickle, and the entree was quite dry. The meal ended w/complimentary vanilla soft serve. Overall we found Laser Wolf to be a fun spot to go that is full of energy but with average food. We will likely go again at some point, but won't be adding it to the rotation.
Spectacular service, great drinks -- had a mix of mocktails, cocktails & wine and all were delightful, amazing ice cream -- as in I'm still thinking about it, but the actual food left a bit to be desired. The portions of the meat were really small. The vegetarian in the group got a plate of like 5 or so grilled mushrooms, and these were like button mushrooms not big portabellas. As a whole, meats were decently tasty but again small, nota very filling portion. The hummus and pita were divine, but you can get that at other offshoots for cheaper. The saltim was just ok. It's a fun concept and there were a lot of enjoyable bits, but I didn't leave feeling like I needed/wanted to go back. I would highly recommend Goldie, Zahav or Dizengoff though.
I came here while my dad was visiting and had an amazing experience! It was a beautiful night to eat outside.

We each got the $39/person menu, which includes hummus & salatim, one grilled Item, and dessert. All of the salatim were delicious, but especially the eggplant dip, the fennel and corn dish, the potato salad, the tomato salad, and the braised beans (they might have been lima, though I'm not 100% sure). 

We split two items "from the grill" - the eggplant and the impossible merguez. Both were incredible, but especially the impossible merguez. It came with the most delicious pearl onions on the side. It was so meaty and delicious! 

For dessert, we got a cup of cherry soft serve with a crunchy topping. I'm not usually a huge fan of cherry, but this ice cream was really good.

I hope to return soon for outdoor dining, or get takeout and enjoy stuffing my face with pita in the comfort of my own home.
Was able to make a reservation after finding a random opening on Resy. Nice! Came here on a weeknight and it was full. Pretty much no free tables throughout the time we were there. 

First off, if you're a party of two, try to get a table meant for 4 people. The drinks and food were in the way the whole evening and I was constantly moving things around or doing hand gymnastics to try to get to different items (of which there were a lot). It's also very loud inside because of the music which can make conversation kind of difficult. I found myself leaning in and trying to speak loudly most of the evening. We ended up communicating through text in order to gossip about the unhappy looking group sitting next to us. 

First thing we got were drinks. We got them from the zero proof list. We had the passionfruit cooler and the hibiscus rose and mint iced tea. Very different from each other. The iced tea was sweeter for sure, which I preferred. The passionfruit grew on me a bit but I would have liked more (some?) sweetness. 

Next the salatim came out. I appreciated the service and a chef coming by to explain each item when the salatim came out. It's obvious they have a standard method to bringing out the food and how they give their service, which works very well and is efficient. Honestly the salatim was what filled me up and it makes sense since it was unlimited and refilled upon request. It's good and nice to sample different items but I think I wouldn't have missed most of the salatim that was offered. 

We were brought complementary French fries with tahina ketchup which was very welcomed since I like my regular fast foods as well. It was mainly fry nubs probably from a leftover batch that they give out for no charge in order for you to get a taste of. The top layer has the full fries with the nubs laying underneath but I have no problem with this. After all it's free. 

The entrees we got were the chicken shishlik and the whole trout. I was going to go for a lamb entrée but our server Raven recommended the trout. I thought the entrees were decent. The skin of the trout was pretty good and the chicken had a good flavor and was moist. 

For dessert they brought out a tiny cup of soft serve for each of us. By this point I'm stuffed anyway so this was a good enough amount of ice cream. It was still very yummy. I was a bit disappointed that ours didn't have cherries which I saw on other pictures after the fact. 

They provided plenty of take home containers and refilled salatim which allowed me to have two small meals after the fact. Obviously this is a nice perk of getting food here and they tell you this up front so it's not like you have to feel that you are sneaking out food and being greedy. 

I would say it's pretty solid food and while it was not the best I've ever had, I liked the experience and the way the restaurant is run. I think in terms of value this comes close to or meets what you pay for which I think is pretty rare. Definitely worth a try!
Forget about the grilled meats--it's all about the salatim, hummus, and pita at Laser Wolf! This is a traditional Israeli "shipudiya" (skewer house) restaurant created by Michael Solomonov, and the style of dining was even more memorable than at his flagship restaurant Zahav. Here's how it worked: every table was immediately brought a huge round metal platter with 10 different metal bowls, each containing a different "salatim," a vegetarian side dish/spread that forms the basis of an Israeli meal! There was tropical selections like the Sour Cherry Matbucha and the Celery & Pineapple with Schug. There were crunchy selections like the Napa Cabbage with Pickled Raisins and the Israeli Pickles with Shipka Peppers. There were fresh, seasonal selections like Zucchini with Corn; Carrots & Beets with Amba; and Turkish Tomatoes (heirloom cherry tomatoes mixed with peppers). The most unique dip was the Kale Babaganoush, which was chopped kale blended with tahini to form a thick paste, which had a slight bitterness from the sesame and an earthiness from the kale. But my favorites were the Persian Bean Salad, made of cooked greens mixed with creamy beans; and the Ajvar, a Serbian red pepper paste with a bright, sweet flavor. And of course, this wouldn't be a complete Israeli meal without Solomonov's creamy, smooth, tahini-rich hummus, dressed with olive oil and za'atar, and served with the most delicious warm, fluffy, chewy pita on the side. The variety, flavor, and quality of every item on the salatim menu were unbelievable, and you could order unlimited refills of any item!

In addition to the vegetarian selections, we also tried the Romanian Beef Kebab, mixed with plenty of spices and herbs, and the meaty Lamb and Beef Koobideh, which were both served with tahini, dill, and a side of rice. But honestly, the relatively small portions of meat were an afterthought, and I would've been perfectly content with just the pita, hummus, and a few of the salads. As if the unlimited servings weren't enough though, the friendly staff even packed extra pita and hummus for us to go, and the meal ended with dessert: a Brown Sugar Vanilla Soft Serve topped with a Sicilian pistachio-rice crunch and sour cherries. The soft serve was super light and refreshing, making for a perfect ending to an Israeli feast!
I would say that this place is a great high scale example of Mediterranean cuisine . The salads served with any dinner are fantastic, and they pretty much fill you up because the pita is great. They are charging a pretty high amount for the food, but it is very good . I would order less as you can get as much as you want if anything and by the time the meat dishes arrived, I was stuffed. I would say you could eat great Israeli food for much less in the city but this place is a great place to go once .
I give this place a solid 3 for the food. In general I thought that the ambience, decor, music and food just did not gel together. It's a poor man's zahav/kfar. The menu is straightforward and simple. Choose your meats and they give you a bunch of vegetables. 
Decor/ambience: pop/rock music, Hawaiian shirts and yellow and blue walls. Not sure what's going on there plus a strange divided in the middle of the room along with the kitschy table cloths just gave the place a really cheap look. 
Food: the bread is good. Different from the one at zahav (I definitely prefer that one). 20 little Vegetables - none really stood out. The hummus was also not as good as the one at zahav.  
Meats: beef kabab were good but almost had a hot-doggy taste (when the dog isn't cooked well and you can taste the casing)
Chicken was decent - cheap thigh cuts instead of breasts. Perhaps the thigh is chosen for the flavor...but just overall pretty fatty. 
Lastly for drinks the as schlugdriver was watery and the dessert was an ice-cream sandwich, pretty generic. 
Overall 3 stars. Definitely worth one visit but for me it just was not what I expected from a solomonov restaurant and probably won't be coming back.
Very yummy and fun mezze, followed by good chicken skewer. The mezze is bottomless so we got refills on pita and hummus :)

Only complaint is that it's LOUD. so loud you can barely hear the people sitting across from you. Laser Wolf, I know you're trying to be vibey but please turn down the music a little ?
The long-anticipated Laser Wolf was good, but did not exceed my expectations by any stretch of the imagination. I read in another review that it was called "Poor Man's Zahav", but honestly, the tasting menu at Zahav which is much more involved and filling will set you back almost the same amount as a meal at Laser Wolf. 5 of us made a reservation for a Thursday night and were seated promptly. We each ordered a drink and ended up choosing 4 meats to share for the table. The salatim was similar to the one you'd get at Zahav, though maybe not AS good. For the meats, we went with lamb kebab, beef kebab, tuna, and chicken. The chicken was probably my least favorite with the beef being the table favorite. Portions sizes on the meats are SMALL, but the salads and hummus/pita are filling. On the upside, dessert was included and was honestly the star of the show! It cost each of us $60 with tax and tip included which seems like a lot for what we got. It was good, I recommend that people try it once, but I'm not rushing back.
Laser Wolf has become one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. The plates with pita to share is such a great way to begin the meal and the food is so good. Would strongly recommend when visiting the area!
Upon walking in you notice the space is nice and bright, great lighting for taking photos! I like how bright and vibrant the staff shirts were. 

The service was great, we were recommended dishes and drinks. The Salatim comes with the meal and everything was good with the pita bread. You can get full off just that. I loved the hummus, baba ganoush and corn best.

For protein we got the beef kabob and lamb merguez. Both of the meat were flavorful, but i think a little too dry. Flavor was there but it was on the dryer side and at that price it's disappointing. 1 more thing, the damn meat looks like logs of poop, can we make them look more photo ready please? lol

We got the fries and shopska salad as sides. The fries were fried to a crispy brown with the tehina ketchup. The Shopska salad was good also, a good way to cut the richness of the meats, good acid to balance it out.
I heard that this place was very similar to Suraya and Zahav but with more focus on meats. You start with salatim which keeps coming to the table as requested. The pita is doughy and very yummy. I think the hummus and this red dip (it tomato based) were good. The rest of the salatim were worth trying but I don't think I will making another trip here just for those. The entrees were indeed very good. The sirloin shishlik was tender and juicy and cooked to perfection. The koobideh was a recommendation from our server and was good too. Overall, the experience was good but will this became my go to place? No.
Second time here and it was even better than the first. I think what stands out at a place like this, beyond the amazing and flavorful food that isn't found at most places, is the incredible service. We were celebrating an anniversary and the server brought out two glasses of champagne to start the evening without me asking. Server was great throughout the evening and it really makes the difference between a very good restaurant experience and a great one.

The salatim always changes and is always amazing here. The branzino is probably the best you will ever have. It serves two (but really could feed four) and is worth every penny.
The Food is good but not exceptional. I would have expected more for the money. The appetizers are good but I would have liked some additional sides especially when you order a $88 Bronzino. The cocktails where awesome and surprisingly cheap. I would probably not go back as I think it's unnecessarily expensive.
What a great anniversary spot! 
I heard how difficult it was to get a res pre-covid but I had no trouble in January! The outdoor seating was cozy and warm despite the frigid temperatures outside. This is definitely more casual than Zahav, Zahav's little sibling if you may. The salatim was delicious. Crisp salads, the quintessential hummus and pita. We ordered the kofta and salmon for our protein. The rice was also very good to accompany the proteins. The salmon was rather rare, the server fixed this immediately which was appreciated. She advised they typically serve it med rare which was not indicated on the menu. They did cook it through for me. The kofta was amazing and I enjoyed the tehina cookie for dessert. We also ordered the wings with tehina ranch. I highly recommend!
I loved the saltim and bread they gave at the start. I got the lamb merguez dish and my partner got the lamb loin chops. Lamb merguez had a lot of flavors but tasted too salty and fried. Lamb loin chops were much better. The best part of the entire experience was dessert. It was brown sugar vanilla ice cream with pistachio rice crunch and sour cherry. It had the perfect melody of flavors. 

Drinks wise, I recommend the Salty Lion. Definitely their best drink on the menu.
This is the fifth day of grand opening. We came after 5pm with limited online advance booking available. When we arrived, there were 5 tables seated and even though we made a reservation, we were told by the host to wait, and wait. The waitress was asking her a few times if we can be seated and the host just told her the same, just wait, while most of the tables were empty. Next couple walk in without reservation be seated right away. Then we were offered a table right in front of the host while everyone else was seated further inside. The other waitress and waiter were nice and attentive.  Limited choices on the Grill with a 12 side dishes (including humus) and dessert which come free with the main dish ordered. Otherwise it is $18 per head for the 12 side dishes alone. The grill dish is small quantity of meat, but the humus makes up for it and ensures that your empty stomach is full. The bread however was not as nice as Zahav. The decor is pretty cheap looking but overall I'd give Laser Wolf between a 3 or 4 star in rating. One star subtracted because of the strange host!
We're big fans of the Cook/Solomonov restaurant group and have visited Goldie, Dizzengoff, Federal Donuts, Zahav, and the new K'Far often.  When Laser Wolf was announced, we knew we would have to visit when they opened.

Making reservations - I was fortunate to be able to get a 6 PM reservation on Saturday night for my wife and I.  I've seen some comments subsequently on Instagram about the reservations being full.  Like Zahav, the restaurant does have some walk in availability on a first come basis. I received a text from Brookeleigh two days before our reservation asking for confirmation.  When I confirmed with a table request, I got no reply.  On the day of our reservation, I received an email asking me to confirm leading me to wonder if my text reply was ever received.

Venue / Parking - The restaurant is located in the Kensington section of Philadelphia, which is north of center city.  Parking is on street and is not metered.  Give yourself some time to find a parking spot if you drive.  Philly crime map statistics shows a number of thefts in this area, so don't leave any valuables in your car, which goes for anywhere in Philly.  The restaurant is set up in a former warehouse and is a much more casual restaurant than Zahav.  Ambience is loud due to the music (hits of the 80s) being played.  It could stand to be a few decibels lower in my opinion.

A quibble: The two unisex bathrooms need a lock that indicates whether the bathroom is in in use.  My wife knocked on one but due to the volume didn't hear a response.  The dude inside hadn't locked the door (likely due to an odd lock design with a button hidden under the door knob) and my wife opened the door to find him inside.  Fortunately he was drying his hands or it could have been much worse.  One staff member complained to my wife about both bathrooms being in use while he waited with her. 

The Food - You start with hummus with fresh pita.  This pita appears to be the same that you would get at Dizzengoff or Goldie - thicker, soft, perfect for swiping the hummus.  I would have liked a little more hummus.  The hummus is fantastic.  Shortly thereafter 12 salatim dishes are brought out.  The salatim are mostly different from Zahav's salatim and we both had our favorites.  My wife ordered the chicken shishlik and I had the skirt steak.  The main entrees come out while the salatim is still on the table.  The food does not disappoint.  The grilled entrees were cooked perfectly.  Dessert was an ice cream dish with cherries and pistachios.

Service - Overall very good.  Our waiter Topher was informative and helpful.  Like Zahav, table service is a team affair with multiple attendants bringing food and clearing dishes.  I think one of the things that cooknsolo does really well is hire employees who are energetic, enthusiastic, and friendly.  Executive chef Andrew Henshaw brought my skirt steak entrée.  Things move along more briskly at LW and we finished dinner and dessert in just over an hour.  One busboy rested the neck of a water bottle on the rim of my water glass while refilling it which could spread germs.  

Overall - I read that Laser Wolf is supposed to be a scaled back experience from Zahav that is reminiscent of the skewer houses in Jerusalem.  I think that they've achieved what they were going for.  It was an overall enjoyable meal.  Zahav is still the gold standard in the cooknsolo Empire, but I can see visiting Laser again if reservations start opening up after the initial fanfare dies off.
After dining at Zahav, I had high expectations for this restaurant. Obviously, it is a little more casual than Zahav, but I wasn't really blown away by the food. I ordered the $39 Salatim/grill/dessert option and got the salmon. It was alright, but I didn't like whatever sauce they marinated it in. The salatim was KILLER (as usual) and is the sole reason I would go back.

The service wasn't great either. I know that things are difficult with outdoor dining, but our server forgot a few things and also brought out each persons grilled item 5 minutes after the other, which I thought was a little bizarre.

Would I return? Eh, probably not. I'll continue trying to snag a reservation at Zahav for the rest of eternity.
I love all of the Solomonov restaurants, but I think I was pleasantly surprised by this place. It was a perfect middle between fine dining and casual dining. 

Reservations were super hard to get pre-Covid, and the one that had was unfortunately cancelled due to Covid. I finally got around to trying this place again and reservations for the outdoor dining was so much easier. 

The seating outside was super nice and as the evening went on, they turned on the heat lamps which made the perfect temperature. All the tables were spaced out and everyone did their jobs and wearing masks when they were supposed to. I felt super safe in that aspect. 

For the food, it's a pre fixe menu with pita, hummus and salatim, a main entree, and dessert. The pita, hummus, and salatim are the real deal here. Super fluffy pitas that pair perfectly with crunch veggies and smooth hummus. We easily went through a round of extra pita (free or included).

For the grilled item, my group got the lamb chops, lamb kofte, and the crispy skin salmon. Everyone enjoyed their grilled items. I got the lamb chops and I have to say they were perfectly seasoned and had the perfect amount of meat and fat ratio. Super satisfying to eat. 

Dessert for us was a vanilla soft serve with white chocolate and pistachios. It was a great end to a meal! 

Overall the price was perfect and I wasn't super full or still left hungry. I'll definitely come back if I get a chance!
Got a reservation on a Saturday a few days after they opened, was able to get the res the day of (pro tip: because people book this place so far ahead they always have cancellations the day before/ of you can snag, peoples plans made so far ahead sometimes change. 

Was greeted by some friendly faces from Zahav as well as some new ones, same overall great atmosphere of good music/friendly staff but with a new and different fun vibe. 

Ordered the Chicken Shishlik & Lamb Merguez to share and moments after ordering the Salatim followd by the Hummus came to the table. 12 Salatim each one unique, fresh and tasted great. 

Lamb and Chicken were both flavorful and couldn't decide on a favorite between the two. 

The included dessert is just the right size to end a feast like this, and the oranges are a refreshing ending to the meal.
Don't believe the Condé Nast hype. This is not one of the best restaurants in the world. I wouldn't even rank this among the best restaurants in Philly. I'm a CookNSolo fan - but this is not it. Concept is great, but the execution was a miss. Staff were excellent - that's a given. But everything else was off - from the faded Hawaiian shirt uniforms, to the plastic table clothes.... Is this supposed to be a casual
Place? With the prices I can't tell? Either way, the atmosphere did nothing elevate the food. Which, to be fair, was flavorful, full of dimension and came out in appropriate portions. My dining companions appreciated the veg options, too. Perhaps I'm still recovering from the temporary blindness due to the lack of window coverings as the sun set? Ya, that could be it. Overall, I'm confused. If these guys can figure out how to blend the atmosphere and food more appropriately, I'll come back and give Laser Wolf another shot. But until then, I'll be literally anywhere else.
My friend and I have been to Zahav more than once and when we heard that the owner was going to open a sister restaurant in a similar style, we were all for it ready to go.  It seemed that everyone else did, too, because it was quite difficult to get a reservation! Month in advance with dates opening only in the first of each month; we missed out on two separate months but finally was able to score a Friday night dinner in August. We're very glad we got to have the experience at Laser Wolf.

We were actually early for once for our reservation and were told that due to the pacing within the kitchen, asked to have a drink at the bar until closer to our reservation time. No Problem! We each pulled up to the comfortable bar seats and had excellent service from the bartender. We both got the Tide drink which included orange juice and the bartender insinuated that it was like an orange slushy. It wasn't exactly, but still refreshing. I then asked for a Long Island Iced Tea and that was well made.

It was now time for dinner! After being seated, everyone starts with Salatim, which means salad in Israeli but not like American soup and salad, but almost Tapas-like small multi-salads of which you get ten with homemade pita and hummus. All in your group for dinner can have a fun game ranking all of the salads in your order of preference. Each were outstanding in their own way, but you'll definitely like some more than others. If you run out of hummus, pita, or Salatim, you get more! Instead of spelling out each of the ten offerings, I'll let you check out the menu. When the food came to the table, each was explained but it was quickly forgotten after the server left. Didn't matter as it was time to eat.

Just these alone can be your dinner for an outstanding under $20 a person. But, they do recommend moving to the right side of the menu for meats or fish. These are on the expensive side at about $40+ each but this was our first time so we had to splurge. We ended up with the dry-aged ribeye for two for a hefty $136. It was cooked medium rare like requested and just delightful. One surprise which really wasn't because I read about it in Yelp was that a free side of excellent fries came to the table with homemade sauce. I do not know if everybody gets them, but it was a nice touch. Also included in your meal is vanilla soft-serve dessert with sour cherry and pistachio crumble. What a great tasty ending to our meal. "Just right" as Goldilocks said.

We again had some great conversation and an awesome meal. So, if it's your first time I'd recommend trying both the salads and a meat or fish. But, when I eventually return (there's so many places to try), I think I'd save some money and load up on the salads, hummus, and pita. And, get some drinks.

Service was excellent; friendly and bubbly and well versed in the offerings. She paced everything well.

Although Laser Wolf is one of the restaurants that require proof of vaccination, we were not asked to show them. All staff were wearing masks. COVID-19 protocols were being followed by patrons, too, when not eating or drinking.

The restaurant is not huge which is why getting a reservation could be difficult. It's also very loud with 80s music when I was there - Madonna! Conversation is also difficult to have because of the music but all seemed to be having a great time. Definitely a great date or group of friends restaurant if you're a little adventurous.

$250 including tax and extra tip for Salatim for two, dry-aged steak for two, four cocktails, dessert, and the coffee for my friend was given gratis. Laser Wolf will add an automatic 20% to the tab so they can pay a living wage for the staff. We rounded up for a little extra as it was worth it.
The salatim here is a beautiful spread of tasty cold dishes. It reminds me of Korean banchan served before the main course. It is quite refreshing on a hot summer day. 

The meat portions for one here are on the small side, but you won't leave hungry since you will most likely load up on the included salatim. Meat for two portions seemed much larger proportionally to the meat portions for one. 

I was not super impressed with the soft serve, but it was still a nice way to finish off the meal. 

Service is top notch as one would expect from a cook-n-solo venture. Highly recommended for all Philly locals.
Laser Wolf is my absolute favorite restaurant out of all of Michael Solomonov's culinary enterprises! Although I enjoyed Zahav, I personally think Laser Wolf is more bang for your buck (especially if you're a college student on a budget). 

The highlight of the meal is definitely the salatim, with my favorite being the hummus. No one does hummus better than Michael Solomonov - I've been to a lot of other Mediterranean and Lebanese restaurants, but Solomonov's hummus easily reigns supreme. They also switch up their other small salatim dishes, and I've loved the variety I've gotten to try, which include different spreads made from eggplant, beans, peppers, beets, and more. Honestly, the salatim is more than enough to make someone super full. If I want some additional protein, I've also gotten chicken and fish from the grill, both of which are great. 

Overall, would definitely come back again (which I have) as Laser Wolf is definitely one of my favorite spots in Philly!
I'm glad I went to Laser Wolf and we had a great overall experience. It's worth checking out, especially with guests from out of town as the sweet spot here is shared dining with good conversation.

The menu is simple and a good deal if you share. Beer, wine, cocktail and mocktail choices are solid. The whole salatim thing is interesting with a group to discuss and taste, but, it can be a little overwhelming and is part of the reason I don't plan on returning anytime soon. The grilled meats and fishes are excellent, as expected.

If I could order hummus, pita, chicken and merguez  without the dozen salatim items, I'd definitely return in a hurry.
Amazing food, service, and drinks! 
We got the branzino, right on! 
Cocktails are not the best, but honestly once the food arrived, we could barely think about the drinks.
There is a reason why my review and all the other reviews give Laser Wolf 5 stars. Because the food is delicious, customer service is outstanding and the place is a must visit. I do understand the place is slightly pricey than others but the amount of food you get, variety , quality and taste is perfect and totally worth it.

We were here Saturday night and had reservations upfront. We were seated immediately outside in their covered area with heaters. They have only one option which is pre-fixed. You can order some apps or customize meats but basically the idea is the table gets a plate of Salatum (apps), entree and desert of the day. We got a plate of of Salatum i.e. multiple small apps(tapas) with pita. The hostess explained each app and its contents.  Took her like 5mins to complete everything.  We did order drinks. Cocktails were unique and tasted well. Salatum was delicious and pita bread was fabulous.  You can request more Salatum as needed. All apps were veg with unique flavors. I cannot stop raving abt their pita. For entree, we ordered lamb kofta and ribeye beef. Lamb was delicious, well cooked. Beef was over cooked so they replaced with rare. I like mine medium. But, the meat was very well seasoned and tasted delicious. 

For desert, we got sesame cookies and hit chocolate. Love love live the cookies. Hostess gave us gluten-free for home for free. But the original one much better. Too bad they don't sell it.

I do recommend Laser Wolf. Bring your appetite and get ready to over eat ;)
This was an amazing experience - and well worth the wait and price tag! First the minor cons: I didn't like how casual the atmosphere was - the seating and lighting reminds me of an open market or cafeteria. However, the service was stellar and we were checked on a multitude of times and even got some dishes sent to us from the kitchen to sample. The salatim offerings were by far our favorite as there were some folks at the table who were vegetarian/gluten free. They are so fresh and keep coming if you ask for them! Our table ordered seconds of the pumpkin chershi, kale babaganoush, and hummus. They were all so good! The dry-aged ribeye was cooked to perfection as was the trout. The portions were big enough for us to take home. And obviously we had to get the fries out of curiosity and were not disappointed in them either. We ordered some cocktails off their menu; my personal favorite was the tequila sunrise/sunset with beet juice. Beautiful presentation and a night to remember!
This was really great. We got the whole branzino (which, like the other mains, comes with hummus, salatim, and dessert), wings, and fries. The hummus was excellent, really top-tier. The pita that comes with it was very good too, but one nitpick is that it's always better straight out of the oven. The salatim were great as well, especially the pepper/eggplant dip and kale baba. We really liked the fish, but I think we'd get different mains next time. The wings were really excellent, and we loved the fries as well.
They started takeout on caviar so we ordered.Wow. So disappointed. We ordered the hanger steak kabobs, chicken cinnamon kabobs, wings, hummus and pita. The hanger steak was good. The rice was undercooked, dry and did not taste great. The chicken kabobs were over seasoned. I had some tzatziki and it helped tone down the spice.  the wings were so hot(spicy) that it stared to burn our lips before we took a bite. Neither of us liked the flavor. The hummus was not good. It was a container of tahini with oil on top. The pita bread was good.
Alas, yet another Solomonov establishment has made its way into the Philadelphia food scene, this time settling down in Fishtown and in turn attracting the twenty-year old Penn students who think that by dining in Fishtown they are somehow less mainstream than their classmates. 
Laser Wolf stands out in one distinct manner: the staff at this establishment are some of the best in Philly and constantly make their guests feel valued and cared for (I personally felt incredibly valued when my waiter brought me a free box of tahini ketchup to bring home to my roommate, pictured below).

Some items at Laser Wolf really stand out, although I would still argue that Suraya's dips are superior in both quality and presentation. Overall, a good meal, and I can say with confidence that Laser Wolf provides one of the better Middle Eastern culinary experiences in the city. Not exceptional, though.

I must say, Laser Wolf's pita tastes like Beyonce. It's just so perfect. I could consume upwards of 18 pounds of this glutinous delicacy on any given night. I dream about Laser Wolf sending me home after a meal with bags overflowing with this pita. God bless.

The dips at Laser Wolf are certainly good, but none really stood out. The hummus was lovely, but not out of this world.

For the main dish, I would recommend ordering the chicken. It was deliciously buttery and appeared sun kissed. I generally try to be a bit more adventurous whilst eating out and not order chicken, but in this case, a classic did the trick. I would recommend this one.

As for the French fries. I was born cursed with a deeply severe fear of condiments, and therefore was unable to consume the ketchup. The fries were good, but I do think it is generally a bit of a cop-out to serve patrons fries during a meal, for they will always please the masses. I must say though, that these fries were perfectly crispy and were likely fried by the angels.

Laser Wolf's sesame tahini cookies made me want to die and rise to sesame tahini heaven. I would like to meet the individual who baked these cookies and kiss him on the forehead, then offer him $400 to make me these items on a bi-weekly basis. Jesus wept. 

Covid seating: Laser Wolf has great heated outdoor seating. I was able to take off my jacket on a cold Philadelphia night whilst eating here. 

Overall, this was a solidly good dining experience. I would certainly return, if anything just to shove more pita down my throat. Honestly readers, the pita is a game-changer. I still think Suraya is superior, though.
Outstanding food and stellar service. 

The salatim (the little salads and spreads) were out of this world! All four of us loved them. The staff was thorough and efficient at explaining them all.

I decided to be a little adventurous with my drink order, and I greatly appreciated that our waiter clarified that the one liquor tasted like licorice, which I don't like. He kindly offered to have it made without that one liquor, and I loved it.

I had a terrific grilled lamb, but I'm grateful that it's so easy to eat a fully vegan meal here. I was able to recommend this place to my vegan friends.
We got delivery on NYE - everything was delicious! We got the kebab meal for two and the whole chicken for two. Way more than enough food for 4 people. The chicken was delicious and generous portion-wise. The kebabs were a good deal smaller portion than the chicken, so keep in mind if you are concerned about meal size. The salatim selections were awesome and everything came with a generous portion of hummus & pita. The meals for two are an awesome option for a fancy night in, you get to sample a few things and the food was awesome. Can't wait to go in person sometime.
Another one of Michael Solomonov's joints that just does not disappoint in the slightest. The outdoor seating is really well spaced out and has heaters between all the tables so it is definitely ready for the colder months ahead!

I would say that Laser Wolf is a more similar experience to Zahav because of the hummus, salatim, and pita in the beginning of the meal followed by the meats. But it definitely feels more laid back and is more obviously a group sharing meal.

All the salatim items were very good and I would like to give special nods to the eggplant jam one, the bell pepper one, and the beets. The pita was super soft and pillowy and the hummus of course was very creamy and smooth.

For meats we shared the branzino for two, the short ribs for two, and got two orders of the lambchops. We essentially got 6 portions of meat for 5 people and amount wise it was honestly perfect. The branzino was very nicely grilled and charred, and was probably my second favorite out of the meat items. The lambchops were my favorite (next time will definitely need to try the lamb kofte) and they were laid on some sort of sauce that balanced out the smokiness of the meat so well. The short ribs were incredibly soft and tender but they were my least favorite because of how much fat was in each piece of meat... probably about half. The taste was very on point but I wish it wasn't so fatty. Both the short ribs and the lambchops also came with a lot of grilled caramelized onions.

To end the meal, everyone received a little cup of soft serve vanilla with some pistachio topping and it was the perfect little palate cleanser.

There are two other things I wanted to make note of . First is the incredible service that is so consistent across all of solomonov's restaurants. And second is I very much appreciated the wine carafe to decant the bottle we got.

Probably my favorite meal I've had in the last few months and is definitely a must try!!!
Maybe it just wasn't for me. Having to eat the food as takeout because of Covid didn't help. However, beyond that I didn't see what all the fuss was about. Didn't like the little salads at all, but the pita was very good. Maybe it will be different post-Covid or outdoor dining, but it didn't live up to the hype for me.
We went to Laser Wolf the week it opened and I was supremely impressed with the service.  For being a brand new restaurant I expected maybe one or two hiccups but no, it was some of the best service I've ever received at a restaurant. Knowledgeable, tentative but not pushy, and genuinely happy to be our server. 

The food was really delicious. Everything was extremely flavorful. Each bite was better than the next. I got the chicken and my husband got one of the lamb entrees. Highly recommend for a fun night out. Can't wait to go back! And the ice cream for dessert was the cherry on top.
What an experience this was! It took us about a month to nab a reservation, and it was WELL worth the wait. The salad tray for the table is absolutely killer with some tasty pickled salads, a few dips, and fresh pita I was happy with that as a meal!

My steak kebabs were cooked to perfection, and the wine pairings I were recommended were spot on. Kudos to the crew at Laser Wolf!
We did their Pandemic Takeout Meal, and it was fantastic. We ordered online, and drove over. The staff were all masked and gloved, and they opened our hatchback and put the food in our car. We got home, unpacked it, and grilled it! There was a very entertaining and informative video from the chef, sent with the purchase confirmation. The food was absolutely fantastic! Every dish, and there were many, even a dessert, was delicious! The portions were extremely generous. We got dinner for two, and it fed us dinner for two, twice! It's not cheap, but it's totally worth every cent. The quality of the food was excellent. I'm so grateful to the staff, and owners, for all of their hard work, and for taking all of the safety precautions. We had a wonderful Nine Year Anniversary dinner! Thank you, LW. When it's possible to safely do so, we will definitely be joining you in your restaurant, and until then, we will keep ordering!
Came here for dinner. It's pretty much tasting menu only with rotating entree items. The price used to be fixed from previous posters but now it changes based on entree. Food comes with 12 appetizers. These are all basic vegetable assortment but chef put a twist on them with various spices. Some are tasty some don't taste good at all. For entrees we tried the lamp chops and Romanian beef kebab. The kebab is not a typical kebab but is actually kofta. However the kofta meat was excellent. The portion is small however it is just 1 skewer of meat which is eaten in a couple of bites. The lamb chops were also excellent. It came in two small pieces, was very tender. The meal was topped off with an amazing tiny soft serve ice cream. Having been to suraya ( prob my fav out of the three) and zahav which are both similar in style and cuisine. I still prefer both as it was a more complete meal in that their appetizers and hummus were amazing. However the entrees and dessert here were still worth it.
The service is great, the atmosphere is chill (although music could be better), & the food is amazing. I love the concept of this menu - you pick out your entree and the Salatim & dessert are included in the price. 
I've been twice so far & had a great time each visit. The eggplant is by far the best entree IMO. The desserts are also so interesting and amazing, I wish I could get more!
I ordered delivery and was excited for it.
The hanger steak skewer was fully burnt, not just lightly charred. I'm surprised it was sent like that. And there was no date harif on it, just charcoaled meat. 
The rice underneath was good and pita was excellent. Salatim was tasty but doesn't match Zahavs addicting version.
I will try it again but I can't help but be disappointed.
We made a reservation two weeks in advance. Cute little dining spot. We had a party of 4. The menu is prefixed, which included salatim, hummus, pita, choice of grilled item and dessert.

The waiter started by introducing us to the drink menu. They offer arak which is a black licorice flavored liquor from the Middle East. It has a very prominent flavor. I ordered the salty lion, which included gin, arak, grapefruit, mint, and salt. It was a salt rim. The flavors were intense but somehow blended together. The flavors in the drink was complex and had many layers.  

The pita was denser than I had expected. It actually made it easier to pair with the salatim. The pita didn't break apart while eating. You can taste how fresh the bread is. The hummus was on point. The salatim at first was overwhelming. The waiter was kind enough to explain what everything was. He informed us that the cucumber and potato salatim would be spicy but it was barely spicy. Exclaimer we did not have covid. 

For the grilled item, the majority of my party ordered lamb. It was my first time having lamb so I was hesitate to order since it is an acquired taste. My friend did let me try some of her lamb and it was tasty. It was seasoned well. I ordered the beef rib. It had the right amount of fat and meat proportion. 

Last of all, the dessert was Turkish coffee soft serve with salted shortbread. The shortbread was crumbled on top of the ice cream, however it was extremely too salty for my taste to be on top of soft serve. The Turkish coffee soft serve was delicious. Definitely stop by if you get a chance!!
Easily the best delivery or takeout we've had during this COVID period, and we have had *a lot*. Magnificent food, thoughtfully packaged.
Wife and I ordered takeout tonight and it was such an easy process and an amazing experience. We ordered the short rib entree along with the bread, humus , vegetables and all the other items that it comes with. Food was absolutely phenomenal and so was the service. My food was supposed to be ready at 545 and I got a text that its ready on the dot.   Everything was so good, We cant wait to go in person and check it out.
Had dinner Wednesday night. Food was okay but pricey which is what you'd expect from a Solomonov restaurant. Sitting outside on Thompson Street, the weather was lovely. I was shocked, however, at the lack of cleanliness in this outdoor dining area. The weeds growing up through the cracks in the sidewalk and in the tree pits were about 6 inches high. There was also an accumulation of litter among the weeds. The curb, which is a mere few feet from where you are eating, had an assortment of crushed plastic bottles and other detritus. At these prices, I expect a better visual experience and cleanliness in the age of Covid-19.
What a delicious dinner. The space is open and beautiful. The food was amazing. We had the ribeye, tuna and chicken from the grill and it was all so interesting and perfectly cooked. The salitims were much different than anything I've had before and we're all so very good. I truly enjoyed this meal and I look forward to going back
We recently went to laser wolf for dinner in their outdoor dining and we had a great experience! We were not cold sitting in the outdoor dining, despite the fact that it was only 30-40 degrees outside.

We ordered the pre-fixed menu and added on the short rib to replace one of the meats, wings, and tuna tartare. The short rib is to die for and 100% worth getting, however, it does cost extra on top of your pre-fixed menu. The wings and tuna tartare were also wonderful additions and we would add it again if we went back. 

The salatim was delicious and the ability to try many was awesome! We had a lot of salatim to take home for a group of 4, which was great! 

For our other meats we ordered beef and lamb, and the chicken, both of which were melt in your mouth quality.

We would 100% recommend going there if you can! Reservations come out at 11AM two weeks before a date, they go quickly so set your timers!
From the atmosphere, to the service, to the drinks, to the food...no wonder there was so much hype leading up to this opening. This place is AWESOME. Sat at the bar, and never felt rushed...in fact, the complete opposite-Eric, the most fun and knowledgeable bartender made us the best cocktails and then suggested great wine for us. And then, we moved on to dinner-and WOW. They first brought out about 12 small salads/vegetable dishes and hummus to have with warm pita...that course alone, blew us away. The Foie Gras, Chicken and Eggplant were so amazing and so unique. After the drinks kept flowing we moved on to dessert, and no matter how full you are-don't skip it! The pistachio ice cream sandwich was SO good. The staff was lovely and so welcoming and helpful-the restaurant itself is beautiful, and the food is AMAZING.  I never write reviews, but this was top notch service and food and def deserves the praise.
Bumping this bad boy up to 5 stars because Laser Wolf's Customer Service team is on point. Had a few issues with my first visit here and they quickly reached out, asked for my honest feedback, and went over the top to make sure I was able to visit again and make up for it. I really, really appreciated this gesture and just goes to show how much they care about every person who steps food inside the restaurant. I look forward to making it back to Laser Wolf as soon as I can get in on a res! Thanks again, Team Laser Wolf. You guys rock!
Laser Wolf is great. We came around 7PM on a Wednesday night and they had a table ready for us in a minute. Their reservations are booked up but they have some set aside for walk-ins.

Once you sit they bring out the side dishes. Wonderful hummus which seems the same as Zahav.
The side dishes are numerous and favorful. They split them between spicy and not, the spicy definitely bring the heat.  I tasted them all and they were great but higher than my spice level.  The non-spicy were wonderful appetizers to the main meal.

My buddy got the mushrooms and they were delicious. I went with the steak which was spiced beautifully. 

Great meal!
Went to this Israeli grill restaurant called Laser Wolf. The name, inspired by the butcher in the musical "Fiddler on the Roof," is backed by a customizable menu of skewers and kebobs paired with salads. Lazar Wolfe is the village butcher. We reached picked our meats and with that you get salatim salad humus and fresh hot pita bread as well as a dessert of the chef's choice. The lamb chops were good and tasty. The Salatim consisted of  CAULIFLOWER TABBOULEH, PICKLED GREEN TOMATOES w/FENNEL, ROASTED BROCCOLI w/MUSTARD & SUMAC, MUSHROOMS w/SWISS CHARD & SOUR CHERRY SHIPKA PEPPERS & ISRAELI PICKLES CABBAGE w/PICKLED RAISINS & AMBA BEANS w/CARROTS & HAWAIJ CUCUMBERS w/HARISSA, KALE BABAGANOUSH AJVAR. The chicken kebab was ok as we were expecting white meat but it was made with dark meat. The French fries were Belgium style and crispy. I had the Romanian Beef Kenab which was also tasty and a bit of a kick to it so watch out. For dessert we had BROWN SUGAR-VANILLA SOFT SERVE Sicilian Pistachio-Rice Crunch, Sour Cherry  which was refreshing. The ambience is ok. They could have done a better job with atmosphere, needs work. Other than that the service was excellent, the server was knowledgeable and friendly. I wish they had a mixed grill entree to try all the meats. After all it is a grill house.
I live about 2 blocks from Laser Wolf, and for months I walked by excited about the prospect of a new restaurant opening there. When I realized it was going to be Zahav's younger sibling, I was even more excited. I was lucky enough to snag a reservation the first day they opened, and I anxiously awaited it for a couple of weeks after it opened, walking by each evening and getting more and more eager to try it.

Finally it was our turn, and my boyfriend and I were ready to overeat and enjoy (that's our thing, we over order to try more dishes). The waiter was super friendly and attentive, and explained to us that for every main dish, the salatim was included at an $18 value. What that means is, if you order 4 dishes for 2 people, you get $18 off x2 since you're only eating salatim for 2, not 4. It's a little confusing but it ultimately makes sense, because for example mushrooms are $30 and for a side dish thats insane- therefore it came out to only $12.

We started with drinks, and both of ours were really good. My boyfriend's drink was super interesting, it had a tequila base and some sort of beet juice- literally not my thing AT ALL yet I still really liked it! In terms of the salatim, in my opinion the baba ganoush (there were 2 varieties) and the hummus stood out as amazing. But it was all great, and accompanied the meal so well. For mains, we got the steak skewer, the lamb chops, mushrooms, and tuna. The steak was SO GOOD- like melt in your mouth amazing! The lamb and mushrooms were also delicious. The tuna was my least favorite but still really well made, just got overshadowed by the others.

Lastly, the dessert was this amazing vanilla soft serve with a drizzle of something fruity and these crunchy rice balls. Soooooo good - what a nice little end to the meal.

After tax and tip, the meal came out to $180. While I fully recognize it is pricey for what it is (it is not a fancy restaurant and we weren't there more than ~75 minutes), the meal was truly outstanding and we really loved the service. I think we will be back and probably just order a bit less next time now that we know what we like.

One more tip- we asked the waiter if it's at all possible to get a walk-in table and he said yes, try a weekday right at 5 pm since they do have some tables set aside for walk-ins.

Another Solomonov success!!
This restaurant is a gem. A wonderful option on the Fishtown Kensington line. First impression is that the staff is top tier & well managed. Kailey was particularly lovely in that effect and we'll relay an extra thank you to you on this platform for your extra attention to detail. 
The food as as delicious as expected. The array of multicolored bowls and plates of various sizes created a visual resemblance of a kaleidoscopic menagerie of shapes and hues. They nailed it. 
Service was also dynamite and professional. Overall ambiance was a touch toned down, but fit the vibe and vision of the neighborhood to a mark. 
Highly rec this place.
I was lucky enough to dine here twice before it was named one of the top restaurants in the world by Condé Nast, so making reservations online via Resy was simple enough. 

I thoroughly enjoyed the full dining experience. I love that the salatim gives you a small taste of several side dishes which all pair well with the fluffy and warm pita, plus you get unlimited refills! You honestly can't go wrong with any of the entrees, we enjoyed the whole branzino, the other meats we tried were all very tender and flavorful. Then you get to top off the meal with a perfectly portioned soft serve. One of my favorite meals in Philadelphia and I heartily recommend it to all!
Had high expectations especially with the prices and other reviews but was very underwhelmed. The grill portions were very very small. While the Salatim was good, it wasn't great for just vegetables. The pita and hummus didn't disappoint but for 44$/pp it's hard to justify great pita and hummus. Our server was nice but always had to flag him down for the unlimited refills and more pita.  I wasn't a decor fan- plastic table cloths and hard benches. I won't be back.
An amazing dinner. I will have to try every restaurant in the family.  Zahab already sold out for the month.  they own this restaurant as well.   You choose what meat you want grilled (I took chicken)and all these sides (salatim)   Salatim is a meal onto itself .  You will never leave hungry
We've been trying to get a reservation at laser wolf since it's pretty much opened. Honestly, the best way to get a reservation (with a little flexibility from your end) is to set an alert on Resy for times that you're willing to dine - I did it for about 5 days from 5-9 pm and got many many alerts through email! 

When started dinner with two cocktails, the Tel Aviv and the low maintenance which are both light cocktails to enjoy on a warm day. We decided to order from the grill menu so we could maximize the amount of variety. The salatims were our favorite, especially the pickled cabbage. With our servers recommendation, we ordered the steak and chicken, which were both juicy and tender. Highly recommend them!

Everything was soooo tasty, and the only reason I had to remove a star was that it was personally too salty for me. The flavors however were amazing.
I had accidentally made a reservation for the wrong day! We showed up and realized our reservation was for another day. The host was so nice -- she sat us anyways and we had the salatim and dessert. We weren't hungry enough for a grilled item, but I'm sure I'll go back another time to try that. 

The drinks were creative cocktails with a signature Solomonov spin. I can almost never resist a cachaca cocktail, so I had the Sting in the tail. My bf had a zero proof drink that had carrot in it and was amazing too. The salatim was also great, and really filling. My favorite was the hummus and the potatoes. 

My favorite part was dessert. It was so fucking delicious. The sweetness and texture of the brown sugar vanilla soft serve was perfectly balanced by the sour Cherry and crunch pistachio rice. I would go back just for dessert! 

Having been to Solomonov's other restaurant with a similar concept-- Zahav-- I have to say that while the taste of the food is equally good at both places, the experience at Zahav is definitely elevated by the special ingredients, more courses, and servers paying special attention to providing a luxury experience. Laser wolf is a good smaller scale experience of the same delicious food
It's been two months since I ate here so I apologize in advance for the vagueness of this review, but here is what I do remember:
- Nice atmosphere, friendly service
- Salatim slaps as a concept. There were a few salatim that I didn't vibe w as much but just having the array of different dips/sauces was such an experience
- Very good hummus but more importantly, very good pita. The pita were like clouds 
- Entrees were decent; we ordered three meat ones but the restaurant gave us a complimentary eggplant dish too (so kind)
- Overall a bougie experience but one to try out if you can
Worth EVERY OUNCE of the hype. Soft, fluffy, warm pita; mouthwatering babaganoush and hummus; brown butter ice cream that will leave you speechless; ALL THE THINGS!!
If you've never tried any of Solomonov's restaurant, and need an entry point, I think Laser Wolf should be the one to try.

For one thing, I think that it has one of the most value for money for their dishes. I came out of the meal completely stuffed and fully content. The free salatim (appetizer) that comes with each main is enough to get you completely satisfied. I over-ordered, but a single main with the salatim could definitely be enough for 2 people.

The 50 day dry-aged ribeye was delicious. I don't know how the Brown-Sugar sundae tasted so good. But the salatim was just out of this world. In my opinion, the salatim had all the best parts of my meals from Zahav and Solomonov's other restaurants.

Can not recommend this place enough.
I went to laser wolf  this week. The appetizers were below average. I didn't like any of them except for hummus. The main course was delicious (I ordered salmon) but extremely small for what you pay. And the dessert was a joke--a cookie with about 25 ml of hot chocolate. Yes, the hot chocolate was good. But really? Can you even call that dessert? So I felt like I overpaid for what it was. The ambience is not pleasant either. Really cheaply made outdoor area with no decor. I really wish we had a zahav-like 5 star experience. Obv, not going back to laser wolf. Oh. They also kinda kicked us out while we were still half way through our drinks. I don't know if it's covid but it was only 9:45 and we could have at least finished the drinks since we paid for them. They also add gratuity, so I guess ppl don't leave tips nowadays?
I've been wanting to try laser wolf since I first heard that it was coming to the neighborhood. I stopped by on a Friday night with 4 people and luckily were seated right away! Reservations are tough but if you're in the neighborhood you should just try walking in you might get lucky. Laser wolf exceeded all of my expectations. The starter salatim had so many different flavors and textures we couldn't get enough! The meat pairings were all incredibly well done. Everything was cooked perfectly and had so much flavor. The price also included dessert which is such a great deal. Our server Thomas deserves a shoutout he explained every dish in detail and gave us excellent recommendations. Great food and great service- I will definitely be a going back!
I was so excited about my dinner reservation here but found the meal to be lackluster. It was standard Israeli food not reinvented in any way. While the salads and pita are very filling, the actual meat portions are not very large. My trout was good but again nothing unique. Cocktails were fun. The restaurant had AC running on full blast making it very cold and uncomfortable without a sweater. The space has the chic warehouse vibe with loud music happening, which I guess is not my vibe anymore. I like to hear my dinner companions speak. Service was great though, I especially enjoyed their explanation of arak liquor and warning about people's love/hate relationship with it. Overall, the meal was meh for me.
I cannot recommend Laser Wolf enough and I cannot wait to go back!! Everything was so delicious, I wish I thought to take pictures before.

Humus was 11/10 SO TASTY! It was creamy, garlicky, lemony, and so flavorful.

For meat we got chicken and lamb kabobs- they were charred to perfection and very moist.

We heard the short ribs are amazing so will totally be back for those.

Our server was amazing, so friendly and really added to the experience!
Best meal I've had in Philly! The ambiance of the place is super cute - the lights, vintage decor, and overload of patterns/colors make it a super cute dining experience. The salatim was incredible - my friends and I loved trying a bit of everything with the delicious fresh pita. We ordered the kebab, the chicken, and fish the for our main dishes and the flavor of all were insane. Although pretty pricey, super worth it and I could not recommend a spot more!!!
Wow what an experience. The Salatims are great as they fill you up and allow you to try all new Israeli foods before your grilled meal. This you can share and it comes with the meal as well as dessert. The skirt steak is a must and was just so flavorful. Overall a fabulous experience. All the staff is kind and attentive!
Dining at laser wolf is truly a culinary experience. It was really fun to try all of the salatim brought to the table. Although I did not love every single salatim, they brought me out of typical palate and were all vegan! The pita is TO DIE FOR and is bottomless & warm :) a slight inconvenience was the size of our tiny table which made it hard to enjoy the food comfortably. 

I- a huge cauliflower fan- was not blown away by the shawarma cauliflower but by the time you get your entree you are stuffed off the apps! My boyfriend ordered the lamb as was surprised when it came out in a "sausage link" form. Entrees we're decent. If I were to come back, next time I would forego the option to get an entree & just stick to the salatim. 

To end the 3 course meal- you are brought the most DELICIOUS soft serve. Seriously the best soft serve I have ever had. I would definitely recommend trying the laser wolf experience.
Was fortunate to score a reservation for a Thursday night, but my friend and I wanted to get in sooner so the day of on Sunday we managed to get a 7pm reservation. It's definitely one of my new favorite restaurants in Philly. Location is great if you're not from the city and want to drive in don't have to deal with center city traffic. 

There is an abundance of food, doesn't seem like a lot but it's very filling. My favorite of the salatim was the hummus, eggplant babaganoush and kale babaganoush. Everything was so fresh and delicious plus they'll replenish your favorites. 

From the grilled items I do recommend the skirt steak and the tuna both were great! The soft serve dessert was so decadent! Will definitely go back with a bigger group as it would be a more fun dining experience.
