I don't get this place. Maybe we just aren't in the know when it comes to hot pot.
Firstly, the booth is so uncomfortable. The giant steamer leaves no room under the table for people with legs.
Secondly, our server was mostly MIA. 
Thirdly, when he did appear he got my order wrong and tried to see if I wanted it anyway...um...NO!
Fourthly, my husband ordered his meal "mild" then proceeded to pick over 20 hot peppers out of it.
So, what am I missing. Don't care, we won't be back.
I've been a fan of this place since Ochatto and I still think this is one of the better places to enjoy hot pot. Their change to all you can eat is great because now I can eat more for less $$$. Their quality of food has not changed and is up to par to what I have had at Ochatto before. The broth is excellent. Great seafood too.

UPDATE: 
Just read all the reviews about fatty beef being too fat??? I don't know about y'all but I enjoy fatty beef and I order fatty beef because it's fatty beef. If you don't want a fat beef then don't order a fat beef. Just saying.
So, this will have to be a pass for me next time. I'm a huge hot pot fan and had my share of hot pots around Philly. This was probably rated the lowest. Service was great, which upsets me giving them only 2 stars, but the food was just not there.

Came strictly for hotpot with my kids. Prices are similar to other AYCE places, but not everything was included that would have been included at other places.

Broth - the tom yum broth just wasn't there. It was missing spice and the sour taste that a tom yum should have. I had to grab some spice and sauces from the sauce bar to try to give it more flavor. The oxtail broth was decent and filled with more oxtail than others, but again, lacked flavor and was an upcharge. It might have been because the server came by rather early and drowned down the broth with their standard water. My broth wasn't even halfway gone and they came by with the kettle and started pouring.

Choices of meats/hotpot items - there was plenty of choices available, but they had a good amount of stuff that was upcharged. I really wanted tofu skin rolls, but that was additional. For the cuts - the meats were SO THICK! Typical hotpots would dip the beef, swoosh swoosh a tad, take it out, and YUM. I had to leave my beef in here for quite some time as it was like bacon. And bc the meat was very thick, it was hard to chew as well. Shrimp - pass on this! It's not the full sized shrimp that was pictured. It's the type of shrimp I would find in a seafood salad at the grocery store.
I'm curious what you guys think. Is it fair to have to eat the fat on meat? Or, if meat has excessive fat, is it fair for a customer to not have to eat it? 

I just want to share my story and experience with La Tao. Some may agree, some may disagree, but I think it is important to get it out.

I got in an argument with the manager, Leon, about their fatty beef. (Leon is the one with the partially dyed blonde hair). I went to La Tao for their lunch all you can eat. When I order the fatty beef, there is a ton of fat on it. Now you might think this is an obvious statement, but let me tell you I have been a loyal patron at La Tao (before called Ochatto) since it first opened over a year ago. Before they had the all you can eat policy, when I ordered the fatty beef, there was a reasonable amount of fat on it. Now, ever since the all you can eat policy, like literally 80% of the meat is fat. And 20% is meat. I can understand the restaurant needs to make money, but I think this is just ridiculous. 

I am trying to eat healthy, so I separated the fat from the beef to eat the beef, the part that I like. Leon pulls a waiter to his side, clearly visible to me, and he instructs the waiter to tell me that I can't separate the fat from the beef because it is wasting food. Upon hearing this, I ask to speak to Leon, who comes over looking confused. He says, "What's the problem?" I say, "I'm not happy with your policy." To which he responds, "What policy?" The waiter literally told me that Leon told him to say this, and Leon pretended he had never said it.

Anyways, within seconds Leon realizes I have caught his lie. He tells me that not eating the 80% fat on the beef is wasting food. Now let me tell you that I never waste food. I mean, when I was ordering dishes I would literally ask the waiter to give me half portions just so I could be sure I finished everything. Leon tells me that if I don't want to eat the fatty beef, then I should just get the normal beef. But the normal beef is just so subpar in quality, it's like rubbery meat. The fatty beef is the good part, which I used to always order, but recently with the new all you can eat there's just so much more fat on it for the restaurant to make money.

I'm curious what you guys think. Is it fair to have to eat the fat on meat? Or, if meat has excessive fat, is it fair for a customer to not have to eat it?

Update: Manager threatened me via message and banned me from the restaurant. Very questionable management practices.
My review is based on 5 factors only in this hotpot place.
Broth, the base lets me know this is a regular hour restaurant and they make the soup not much earlier than customers step into this place which makes it less flavorful.
Sauce bar, it's pretty regular. They can clean it more often if waiters are not busy playing with phones or staring for gratuities.
Food quality, it depends on what you pick. Beef and pork could be good most of the days. They could be more generous with portion due to limited time and price per head. Seafood is something you roll your dice with. My shrimp is not big size at all like they describe on menu. Dumplings are bad and frozen for long time, do not try dumplings.
Service, we were satisfied with our waiter. But only our waiter, not anybody else since nobody willing to help him to take care his table.
Space, it's not the most ideal space to have hotpot since it's spacing is tight and they can only put trays of food on the table, not on a tray by table. The vent system is worst here. We got the steam comes back down to our pot and bodies when there's no good ventilation. Time to check with department of health.
AVOID THIS PLACE, if you want a pleasant experience!!!!

I can't stress how bad my experience was. We went in for hotpot and I found a fly stick to my meat that I just picked up from the hotpot. I reported it to the waiter and the manager came told us that there is nothing they can do, and we just have to be mindful about the flies flying around. EXCUSE ME? Honestly, I don't think that the fly was fallen into the hotpot because all its legs were stick to the meat closely. Without offering any solutions to our horrible experience, the manager instead asked us if we want to order any more food. Both my friends and I were shocked with his response and had not idea what to say. Then he YEILD at us and called us rude? WTF?? We questioned what he said and then he started to give us a lesson?! 

OMG, this is the were eating out experience in my 30 years of life.
This is one of my favorite places to eat in Philly HANDSDOWN. As a student, LaTao HotPot is very close to my campus which makes eating there very easy. It where I like to go for big celebrations.

To begin LaTao has amazing broths (the tomato is my favorite). They are Buffett Style with great quality food. Unlike other buffet hotpots, their food is of a high standard for the cost. Personally I love the Angus Beef and fish balls with Roe. They have a large menu which I recommend become familiar with because the all the options are quite appetizing and can be overwhelming in a good way.

The staff is also helpful and brings out food quickly. You need to try their food to understand how good it is.

TIP: bring cash with you because there is a 10% discount for people who pay in cash. Also on your birthday, you get a hotpot if you are in a group of 4 or more (but make sure you double check this).
LaTao is a great AYCE hotpot spot! They have fair prices and have so many great food options. Service is friendly and food is fresh. The only downside is that when we were there, there were so many food options they were out of, that I was looking forward to, but I'm definitely I looking forward to going back to try them!

There's plenty of street parking across the street, free after 7pm and there's a discount if you pay your bill in cash.
I reserved this place for a birthday party. We had 16 people so I called a week ahead to reserve. We weren't able to sit together in one long table, but got two tables back to back of each other. They let us know ahead of time over the phone of this so it was fine.

The food was good. The meats were fresh and I liked the soup flavors. Although we went for mild spice level on the spicy soup, it was pretty darn spicy so be careful if you can't handle it. They accommodated our vegan guest with a tomato and water broth. He liked it and said it was pretty flavorful with his dishes. 

The service was a bit slow and we had to flag our waiter down a couple times to ask for more food. Also, although we were there for a birthday party and had our own cake, they wouldn't give us a free birthday meal as advertised because it was one day before his actual birthday. We had 16 people and half of them were out of state so had to celebrate on a Saturday before every one went back home. I  thought that was pretty cruddy and cheap of LaTao.
La Tao is my favorite hot pot restaurant in town. I have been there multiple times this year, especially during winter because it warms up my tummy with their delicious broth. The restaurant is close to my house and the food is always fresh. I always go for a place with lots of options to pick from, so I can throw it into the hotpot. It would be disappointing if a restaurant have lack of meat, veggies, and seafood options. I am in love with all the options provided by La Tao. I am a meat lover and it is super important to have fatty meat 肥牛 along with my hot pot. I would recommend La Tao to anyone that is in town! Oh! Also, the services at La Tao was top notch!!
The place is HORRIBLE. The food is okay but there are a lot of items on the menu they do not have. And there is an unexpected rise in price for all-you-can-eat. Previous lunch is 17.95 per person and right now is 24.

The manager named Leon seems like a lunatic. We found a fly on our Angus beef and then the waiter reported to this manager Leon. He came here and started to scold and blame us for not being careful enough when placing the beef in the hotpot. He said they need to obey the city protocol to open the door and that's why there are flies everywhere in the dining room and it is not their responsibility if the flies get into our hot pot. Then Leon asked us is there anything else we need. We were totally uncomfortable at that time and did not want anything and then he was like we were so rude and impolite just because we did not want anything anymore. 

Everyone, please be careful of this Leon and the flies.
I come here all the time! I'm so glad that they opened an all you can eat hot pot place in University City! I highly recommend coming for lunch because it's so much cheaper for the same menu. 

The only two things that I don't like is that the pork is more fatty than I would like, and they charge extra for rice cakes. However, I don't eat beef and I appreciate that they can do a vegetarian broth! Also, I like getting the triple broth! Aaaand we got a free beer since I posted this!
I'm giving it two stars bc the food was good. Service is horrible. They didn't bother to ask if we're doing ok, if we need to order anymore food. Not once have they stop by. During the last plate we've finished our food, the server came by to grab the empty plate, didn't bother to ask if we need to order more food Becuz there wasn't any food left on the table. The manager or the owner was nice though. At least he came by to ask if the food is ok. I would've ordered more food, but it seem like they didn't want us to eat anymore we so left. 
I got charged $3 for a powder green tea.. it was not good. If I knew I wouldn't had spent $3 on it. 
After we paid, I overheard the next table, this Chinese lady asked can she pay cash? The waiter said yes, cash you can get 10% off your bill. I was honestly shocked  at the fact that they didn't inform us... we paid with credit card and tipped 20%... 
Will I return? Probably not... I've had better AYCE hot pot.
I'm admittedly NOT a fan of hotpot, but I've been here thrice now in the three months we've lived in Philly, so I guess that's a testament to the restaurant and how well it does what it does!

We get the bone broth and the spicy Szechuan double pot each time (tried the butter Szechuan one last time and it seemed to 'cut down' a bit on the spice, but not sure I'd get it again), but be forewarned: the spicy is not for the faint of heart. They don't mess around with the peppers or peppercorns, and if you find yourself accidentally chompin' down on one of them, your mouth will be ridiculously numb for, well, a long time.

The meats and veggies seem fresh and it's all you can eat. It's definitely worth it to come when you're hungry, though keep in mind there's a two-hour time limit! I like the make-your-own-sauce station, and all the options they have for those.

The service is friendly and (usually) fast, though sometimes if you order a bunch of stuff at once, you'll find yourself without one or two of your options, but that's OK. They don't skimp on what they do bring you. I recommend the fatty beefs, the yam noodles (such a fun presentation), and the taro. Remember your veggies require more time to cook than your meats, and try to have fun -- that's the only way I make it through any hotpot session!
Be careful and make sure you verify whether you went for lunch hour hot pot or for dinner hour! I went during Mon-FRi, 11am-3pm, and it was not a holiday. Therefore I should be charged the lunch hour price which is 17.95. They did not inform me anything when I was placing the order but they changed me the 24.95 dinner price. When I ask them why, the waiter just said "this is how it is now". I had to pay 14 dollar extra. I understand that this is a hard time for restaurants but I am willing to tip more instead of being charged extra for this.
Honestly such a great spot with outdoor dining experience for pandemic needs! Here's the scope:

Yes, hotpot outdoors with gas grills (fire guards for wind). They try to warm up soup ahead of time as it does take a long while to start boiling. Ours took 45 min.. after soup was in front of us.

Amazing selection of items for AYCE, love how they start with smaller portion of items and giving more during reorder, allows us to try new things and eat a selection. The soup bases are really good too, including a tom yum and special mushroom broth. Sad the live crab was on the menu included in dinner ($24.95) but they did not have it.

Really good service and also offers a seafood boil like environment. Would have wanted to try it but did not see a combined option for order plus only have one stomach. 

I think the price is reasonable! The food is great and fresh with plenty of seafood options. Yum!! Beware of the tables outdoors as they have holes and so hot soup may drip on you if you're not careful. Ahh! I will definitely be back here!!
Solid AYCE hot pot.. idk if it's because of the pandemic, the portion for each order has become smaller and they're out of a few items on the menu.. the good thing is that it's AYCE and you can keep ordering... we ended up ordering the same food multiple times. I like the soup bases here and I'd recommend if you're just looking to get some quality AYCE hot pot
Moved to Philly from west coast & found this gem near home! Omggggg, love love love this place. Full bar. Great selections on meat & veggies. Soup is delicious, we always get Tom Yum broth. Crab is included for dinner! Service is great. I like their sauce bar, but i wish it was fresh chopped garlic. A must visit for sure! You can BYOB but like most places with a full bar, there's corkage fee.
I'm not sure why I didn't find this hotpot place in Philly sooner...I truly believe that of all the AYCE hotpot options in the city, the majority of which are in Chinatown (this one is not), LaTao has the best bang for your buck by far.

Lets compare to the competitors in Chinatown:

Price: $24 dinner, $18 lunch, the price is pretty much the same as Nine Ting, Hippot, etc.
Quality: Much, much higher than the other AYCE places; the fatty brisket is to die for but I also really like the spicy beef and huge assortment of other options. The flounder. Don't be sleeping on the flounder. The fish at this location is just so tender and flaky. Not sure what they put in the fish but my friends and I absolutely loved it.
Assortment: I think this is really what makes this place the best bang for your buck. There's literally four pages full of different items to pick from including everything from fish, to many many different types and cuts of meat, to fish balls, tofu, veggies, etc. literally probably 3-4x the amount of different menu items compared to the other AYCE spots and yet much higher quality. 

Seriously, I am an avid hot pot fanatic and I think I've definitely found the place where I will frequent the most in the city. It does suck that it's removed from Chinatown but seriously worth swinging by UCity just for this.
Since I'm following the keto lifestyle I was looking for an AYCE hotpot with quality broths and a variety of meats.  I found this one fits that bill AND they have yam noodles (AKA shiratake) which is music to my ketogenic ears. 

I had the special rib/mushroom broth, my daughter had Tom Yum and my son has the spicy broth.  All of them were pretty good but I did grab some jalapeños, scallion, garlic, and salt from the sauce bar to season mine a bit more and after that it was perfection.

I enjoyed endless trays of fatty beef, angus steak, shrimp, mushrooms, and cabbage.  If you plan on drinking soda they do have Pepsi products (the one disappointing factor  for this Coke Zero lover) and it only comes in $2 a pop cans. 

As time goes on they come around and refill your broth with a teapot so the original flavor does down a bit but by that time your tummy is usually too full to care.  

I'm excited to go back and try one of the Benzo pots.
I was surprised that there was a Chinese hot pot place near upen. The soup tasted good. The numbing and spicy one was not very spicy, but smelled quite good with a mixture of spices. And the tomato one had a strong flavor of tomato but no significant ketchup flavor. It was better compared to other similar places in NYC. They also had a huge selection of meats and veggies. But, the quality of the ingredients was bad. Compared to other places in the same price range. The beef and lamb was hard to chew...
I don't eat beef and LaTao HotPot is one of the few places where I feel like I, too, am getting my money's worth for hot pot. Call me a noob by ordering noodles at HotPot, but their Udon is worth at least 1 order. That and their Black Pork, Lamb, wide variety of mushrooms, tofus, fishballs and fragrant Pork Bone broth / Chinese Herb broth and you're set. All you can eat (AYCE) for $17.95 lunch, $24.95 dinner and you'll get an additional 10% off if you pay cash. The only thing that irks me a little is that on multiple occasions, our food order has come out before the broth itself... maybe it's a kitchen disconnect but it's a little frustrating having to look at your food for 5-10 minutes before getting actual broth to cook it in. What a tease!

Caution: you will smell like your broth afterwards (no matter which side of the booth you sit on) so be prepared to take a nice shower after.
This place was really confusing to find, I was meeting up with some people and apparently it used to be or is owned by (???) Ochatto, which is also the name of their other, older, not as nice hotpot place down the street. So I'm glad we stuck with this one. It was really good!!  I had the herb broth, which turned out to be a good choice because everyone else's was way too hot, even the mild. We had some trouble communicating with the waiter, but it worked out. The house made soy sauce was great and added just enough spice. 
Its all you can eat dinner for $23, so I got ramen, angus and regular fatty beef, lobster balls (which I didn't like the texture), spinach, and broccoli. 
I would definitely go back, and I'm looking forward to trying more hotpot restaurants in the future.
The meat are unfresh. The beef tastes of seafood (unfresh!!) Although we stopped order beef in time, I threw up after eating here.
The environment is extremely unfriendly to kids. The waiter put the high chair close to the pot without notice!!!! It's hot!!!
Will never never eat here again!!!
First visit. Next time we will come hungrier for the all you can eat hot pot. Looks great. Tonight the wok of double cooked pork belly with cabbage and leeks is a great start. Place is clean and has an interesting menu to explore. Great!
There isn't a bad thing that I can say about LaTao. When I was a student in the area, LaTao was a mainstay for me and my partner and it soon became their favorite spot to go to for hot pot. I've been waiting to review LaTao, because I've been here so many times, but this time made me realize that the consistency is there. Plus it's AYCE!

LaTao is place that holds a very special place in my heart (and my stomach) that, time and time again, continues to serve quality ingredients and broths. On top of that their sauce bar is diverse and allows for endless combinations at your fingertips.

While this hot pot spot is right in the heart of University City and directly on Penn's campus, once you enter, you'll feel like you're in the heart of Chinatown. No other restaurant in the area creates a vibe like similar to LaTao with similar calibre of service and selections.

Can't wait to some back again soon!

Ugh my mouth is just watering thinking of having enoki mushroom dipped in my peanut butter chili oil sauce : P
Great options for all you can eat and it's fairly priced. Delicious food as well. Me and my buddy always come here if one of us doesn't feel 100%.
Smells amazing!! It's going to be so good. We ordered all of the meats and the Benz pot!
First time here. The food is very genuine and delicious. Definitely recommend and will bring more friends back.
This was my first time doing hot pot. I didn't really enjoy the experience but I don't think that was the restaurants fault. In fact everyone was really nice there. Its like 23 dollars for all you can eat and the drinks are reasonably priced. 

I got the mushroom/rib broth in one and the hot and spicy Szechuan broth in the other. We also had pork belly, angus beef, mushrooms, spinach, shrimp, udon noodles, ramen noodles, & spinach in the pot. Having mushrooms with the mushroom broth was too mushroomy for me. Everything else was pretty good, especially the udon noodles. 

We were idots for thinking we could and the hot and spicy broth. We like spicy but we forget Szechuan food does not fuck around. Not the restaurants fault, but we couldn't eat it. It was spicy and boiling hot so it almost seemed poisonous because it burned your eyes too trying to drink it. I had some go down the wrong pipe and that basically ruined the rest of the meal lol.
Went with friends for dinner. Did hotpot and split the broth with mushroom and spicy. Our group was a big fan of the mushrooms (king, phoenix), quail eggs and fatty beef. Would definitely go again if asked.
Wonderful place for hotpot!!! The beef is so good and real Sichuan style, really love the atmosphere in store. We,be tired nine comp pot here, exactly the same as I tried in China before. 

Love it here
Really great place to hang out with friends and food is pretty cheap! Service is great as well!
Wasn't really impressed with my experience at LaTao. I had heard mixed reviews from friends, but decided to give it a shot. Was instantly disappointed when we wanted to sit outside, but were immediately informed that you can't get hot pot when you sit outside. This was too bad. The food itself wasn't extraordinary. Neither here nor there.
Wonderful place! Great environment and delicious food.  Everything was so fresh! I loved all the types of sauces they had!
Good lunch price for all you can eat.
The hot pot is one big pot for all to share, but I like that you can choose multiple soup bases which is great if you want a mix of both spicy and non spicy. Pretty extensive menu to choose from--I was very pleased to find all my favorite fish balls (the ones with roe and ones with pork inside).
It's a really authentic hot pot place. The ingredients are pretty fresh. I like the spicy pot. It's feels like you are back in sichuan for the food. We ordered lamb, beef, fish, and various vegetables.
For the price it's a very decent hotpot. Not as good as other more expensive choices in center city but for the price and all you can eat it's hard to beat latao
I have been to this place numerous times since it first opened, and I am so thankful for their $16.95 all you can eat lunch special (with an additional 10% discount if you pay cash) on weekdays! It's really a treat to be able to catch up with friends here and really eating your money's worth. The staff is amazing at keeping up with the services, and they even went as far as to go to a different store to get our food because the red snapper fish filet we ordered was not readily available. The meat and all the food they provide for hot pots are of the highest quality, and you can tell they prioritize quality over quantity, which I appreciate. I haven't been to other hot pot places in Philadelphia, but my friends have all said this is better than a lot of other spots, so I will highly recommend to students and family alike to come here as we approach hotpot season!
I decided to try this place given the radical reviews but turns out yelp did me wrong.  It was just mediocre.  The quality of the meats and ingredients were mediocre.  The service was possibly non-existent.  The waiters were pretty busy chatting it up.  The soup base didn't have the rich pork bone flavor from being stewed for hours.  I wouldn't go again but I understand that it's a great ayce option for college kids nearby.
Came with a friend for their all you can eat hot pot buffet and were so full!!! Absolutely love the food and love the service! Definitely coming back with more people next time! Loved the mushroom soup and the Szechuan spicy soup. The angus fatty beef is really tasty and the fried taro adds a little flavor.
Nice place one of the best hot pot place in Philly. Homemade fried pork is good. Ladao spicy beef is great also the pork belly.
Really good place to have hotpot best in Philly      The food are very fresh and the hotpot base soups are awesome
Raised their prices for the lunch all you can eat hot pot by a dollar, but it's still the best ayce hot pot I've had! Their quality of ingredients is just good, their sauce bar is fully stocked, and their soup bases are all amazing!
Menus & Foods: Menus is easy to read with pictures. The broth is tasty, lots of choices of ingredients and fresh! They served alcohol too.

Service: Very fast service. Manager and staff are friendly and helpful. Busy during weekends but can manage. 

Parking: Street Parking

Overall: My husband and I love their All You Can Eat Hot Pot. We been here many times, with friends too. The price is reasonable. We think this is the best Hot Pot (AYCE) in PA :)
I ordered a takeout, but the guy who answered the phone hung me up before I finished speaking... They also had a missing item with my order, and I had to call them again. However, they always knew that they "forgot" to put that item and laughed at me saying, "haha, yeah we didn't put it, and you need to come back and pick it up", okay, I did, but they didn't even give me a bag... Never said they were sorry... i went to this restaurant only because it's located near where I live, and I always tip them when ordering takeouts, but they just became ridiculously rude. Anyway, I will never go there
I've been here 3 times, and that's 3 times too many. Service was non existent EVERY time. 
 
Each time we'd sit and wait between 15-20 minutes just to have someone come bring us water and see if we'd want to order. 

We were about to walk out from our most recent visit but the server -- not the waiter -- came over to check on us and took our order after a complaint.

When asked for utensils and napkins, they bring out one napkin. ONE.

Also, DO NOT come in within an hour of closing because they will act like you don't exist, to any capacity. It's ridiculous. 
WORST customer service I've ever experienced in years.
This is a middling establishment at best. The staff is very inattentive. We went for the "all you can eat" hot pot, but the server brought our initial order out and did not  return to us for about 45 mins. Our water cups were empty for a good 35 mins, when they finally were refilled, ice wasn't included. 

Also, when our broth was low they refilled it with water, which diluted the flavor of the broth. The taste of the food was mediocre as well. When we asked for the check it took the server ten minutes to get it to us. Overall it wasn't a pleasant experience and we will not patronize this establishment again.
It's my weekly date spot with my boyfriend. Good service, lots of meat and delicious broth. All the veggies served look fresh and the atmosphere is cozy. Be warned you may smell like hot pot after though!
I LOVE HOT POT. And this was perfect on a rainy day. They have so many options for toppings and the lunch special was great ($18 between 12-3 PM or something). Low key one turn off was the fact that staff started arriving at the time they were open (like turned on the lights as we walked in, etc) but honestly I was satisfied by the selection and promptness once we got seated. Would go again.
Loved this place!! The individual soup bowls are great, and their original soup was delicious. I order a little bit or everything, but found that you'll have to order multiple times since the portions were pretty small. I've been twice already and pretty much crave this once a week
Best hotpot place in Philly! The food is fresh and the broth is amazing! I'm usually come here every week because the hotpot broth is that good and better than anything in Chinatown!
My friend and I decided to check out LaTao on a cold, rainy evening in UCity. Perfect hot pot weather if you ask me!

We got seated pretty quickly but the time to place the order was pretty slow. We probably sat there for a good 10 minutes before they asked us what we wanted to drink, etc. 

My suggestion is definitely go with the AYCE option because it's always the better deal! The meats and veggies were brought out in a timely manner. Everything seemed fresh and was delicious when cooked up.

We got the dual mushroom broth and szechuan butter broth. The butter broth is an extra $9 or $10 but it didn't taste any different than the usual spicy szechuan broth I get at any other hot pot place so I'm not sure what the deal with that is. Both of the soups were good though so no complaints there. 

The interior of the restaurant itself was a little messy. Floors were occasionally wet from mopping because people would accidentally spill their sauces while traversing back from the sauce bar. 

The branding on their hot pot equipment still has "Ochatto" on it, which I believe was the name of the last restaurant that occupied the space...or they simply rebranded themselves. Not really sure, but either way - I would definitely come back through whenever I don't feel like venturing all the way to Chinatown for the ultimate comfort food.
Been here 10+ times now, hands down best hotpot for the price in the city. 10% off with cash. Service after you order the food is crazy fast. Broth is very standard. Sauce bar has pretty much everything that's needed.

Only things to improve on are:
-Bathroom cleanliness
-Keeping sauce station stocked
-Should offer unlimited soda instead of by the can
-Needs to offer some kind of dessert
I absolutely loved this place. The menu items have pictures making ordering super easy, and you know what you are getting. They offer a good variety for the hot pot, and good soup. If hot pot isn't what you are into they also have regular menu options.  I will definitely return.  Plenty of parking across the street the night I went.
LaTao is a huge hot pot factory near the U Penn campus. The all-you-can-eat lunch special was a great value. We shared a big pot split into three sections of different broths. We could order any raw ingredients from the menu and particularly enjoyed the beef (duh, a must-have), the quail eggs, the fish balls, the dumplings, and the noodles. I even tried pig brain, which wasn't that remarkable but certainly unique! The wait staff was a bit sub-par, as they would occasionally forget items or bring only small quantities of the things we ordered (perhaps to be expected for an all-you-can-eat). But we still enjoyed the feast and left satisfied. Overall a fun experience next time you're in the mood to boil your own food!
I went here with a friend and it was really good. Clean eating and it was very clean. The price was reasonable for hot pot.
This is my hotpot spot because it's closer to me than Chinatown and easier to find parking. Love the high ceilings and decor. They have lunch specials until 3pm on weekdays and cash 10% off discounts.  I always get the herb rejuvenation soup base with vegetables, mushrooms and fish balls. It's nice that they have vegan and vegetarian options. You can make your own sauce at the sauce bar. The servers work hard. They always check that your drinks are full and ask if you want to order more.
Hot pot is super delicious. I believe the quality has been slightly going down since Covid but still pretty good. Usually really pack during dinner time and the weekend. It would be best to rsvp. My go to soups are the tomyum and the special beef broth. Not to mention even though it js street parking but there are always plenty nearby. There is a milktea nearby where u can order and drink while enjoying ur hotpot!!!!
It's been months since I've been here due to the pandemic but this is still one of the best hot pot places I've ever had the pleasure of going to! It's great for both pairs, individuals and groups!


The broth chosen was the delicious and simple rib broth. It's so light but flavorful and increases in depth and richness when you add the other ingredients! 

The meat is still tasty and quick to cook, and the vegetables are fresh and filling. The homemade crispy meat is essentially fried pork and tossed in spices should you want a break from the main part of the meal!


The sauce making station is still clean and stocked, and I recommend my personal favorite combination: super spicy oil, a splash of soy sauce, sesame sauce and seeds, garlic, green onions, and a dot of sriracha. It is so delicious when you dip just a bit of the meat into it with a mouthful of mushrooms and instant noodles.


The service isn't the fastest but I don't mind that since it gives me time to decide between rounds what I want to eat next.  

I recommend paying with cash since there's a discount when you do. So far still the best hotpot place I love to frequent!
They have wide range of food selection and their service was fast, but the food quality was okay (was not outstandingly fresh). 

One thing I didn't like about was their food portion every time they bring out, it was too small so that I had to place several orders.  

In overall, I will suggest this place if you are looking for an "All-you-can-eat" hotpot place with an affordable price or a place you can hangout with a big group of people.
