Wow. Nick Elmi and the team at Laurel did not disappoint. My beau and I arrived and looked over the menu, but I already knew which items I wanted to order after having stalked the menus and Yelp reviews. So it was a bit of a surprise when our server informed us that Nick wanted to serve us a tasting menu.* I always get a bit hesitant about this because I can be a little picky in some areas and it truly makes me uncomfortable to think I might be a pain in the ass for the chef - I don't eat foie or other types of variety meats, and those often appear during tastings. Our server assured me that it wouldn't be a problem, and we were off. 

I was only into the first couple of bites when I knew the meal was going to be a huge win. We were served the raw tuna with frozen horseradish, crispy shallots and sour cream and I was totally sold. I was instantly reminded of my favorite meal this year, possibly ever, at Marigold Kitchen. Like the dishes at Marigold, this dish was creative without being fussy and packed with flavor. From there we also tried the sunchokes, the duck confit cassoulet, the ricotta gnocchi, the walu and the truffle crusted wagyu beef. My personal faves were the duck, gnocchi and walu. That gnocchi totally lived up to the hype! We ended things with a cheese plate for my guy and the white chocolate pudding for me. By this point, I was lucky to get a couple bites in before waving the surrender flag. 

Book your table if you have not already had a chance to dine at Laurel. The wait for the next open reservation will be worth it. Or, pay close attention to Laurel's twitter handle, where you could get lucky and find out about last-minute cancellations. 

*We were graciously treated to this meal by Chef Elmi, but my opinions would have been no different had we paid. Laurel was simply fantastic! Also, the service was impeccable - an all around wonderful experience.
I think I died and went to heaven during this meal. 

I was super skeptical going into after reading some of these reviews and hearing different takes on others experiences. I'm confused where any of the negative reviews come from.

Service was amazing. They made us feel very comfortable throughout the entire evening without pushing anything on us.

We ended up not doing the pairing which I don't think is necessary. 

All in all it was about a 3ish our experience so don't think you'll be in and out. It's the perfect spot for a special evening... I can't imagine have going in a larger party as it was just 2 of us and that felt comfortable in there. 

Sea Urchin and Marlin were two of our dishes during the evening and were out of this world. Not sure I'll ever have that again unless I go back. Don't under estimate the size of the dishes -- by the time dessert comes around you are FULL. 

I'm sure this will be the #1 meal I ever have in Philly until I go back again. Thank you Nick Elmi for a delicious experience. Make sure to take the menu with you when leaving -- you won't be able to remember any of the courses by the end of it.
We finally were able to experience Laurel and all I can say is Wow! 

I made a Reservation far in advance on OT for the 5:30 seating on Valentines Day for their 7-8 course chef tasting. Our reservation was suddenly cancelled on us a few days prior to Valentines Day. I called and spoke with reservationist Sarah and she was very courteous. There was a mix up and it was immediately remedied. 

Laurel is BYOB so we brought a nice bottle of Silver Oak we were saving for a special occasion. We were immediately seated our wine opened and poured. 

There are several staff members taking care of you all of whom were polite and knowledgeable.

We opted for the 8th course add-on because it was a ricotta gnocchi with shaved black truffle. If you know me enough said...I have no willpower when it comes to truffle.

Each dish was beautifully executed and displayed. Like edible art. 

Highlights were ~ 
1. Poached oysters, Sweet Cream ice cream, Thai basil, chamomile. The sweet & salty was a gorgeous combo
2. Bowfin Cavier, whipped vodka cream, served with Acorn Blinis ~ again the sweet and salty perfect balance 
3. A5 Wagyu Beef, Local Radicchio, Caramelized Parsnip, Sour Cherry ~ the Wagyu melted in my mouth

Our Reservationist Sarah gave us a complimentary glass of champagne and we walked out with a gourmet box of gorgeous chocolates. Just top notch from beginning to end!
As a huge Top Chef fan, nabbing a reservation at Laurel was very important the second I read that it had opened and boy I'm happy I did. 

My guy and I decided to make it just the two of us for our first visit which was almost necessary because the place is super tiny and yet incredibly warm and adorable. From the second we walked in, I knew I was going to love this place. We were very warmly welcomed, I loved the feel and the service was top notch from beginning to end. 

Now onto our meal...
We started with the Fluke with Asian pear. This was a wonderful start to the meal. The perfect amount of sweetness and then cut with a subtle taste of horseradish. 
Next was the Foie Gras terrine. I had never seen foie like this before and was happy to welcome it to my foie experiences. The foie came out marbled with a coco powder which added a subtle bitterness to the rich smooth foie. It came with a toasted, hot brioche and a sweet pepper like relish. This was great but i wished it was a tad sweeter. 
Then came the ricotta gnocchi with pancetta. Wow. This dish was homey and rich and yet light and delicate. I was in love. The gnocchi was so tender and sprinkled with sourdough croutons to add a perfect crunch. 
Lastly came our main dishes. Generally, I find myself always loving my appetizers more than the main at many restaurants but this time was an exception. We shared the Trout with burgundy snails and black quinoa. This was a wonderful dish. the skin was crispy and the snails were incredibly tender!
Our other shared dish was the Poulet with Meyer Lemon reduction. I never order chicken while out but this dish just seemed too good to be true and our server highly recommended it so we went for it. This came out with two pieces of breast meat with very crispy skin and what we started to call an elevated chicken nugget! It was described as a chicken sausage, a mixture of chicken leg and thigh meat. Heaven. All this over perfectly cooked and delicious trumpet mushrooms. Order this, trust me. 

Our whole night from food, to service to atmosphere was fantastic.Unfortunately we didn't have any room left for dessert but trust me, we will absolutely be back!
"I need to stop"

"Why, is something wrong?"

"It's too good. I need to savor it." 

Beautiful- In every sense of the word. From the unbelievably delicious food, presentation of the plates, atmosphere of dinning room, to the level of service, Laurel's beauty is unmatched. It is worth the two or more months of advanced reservations. 

We opted for the tasting menu (Fridays+ Saturdays) and were treated to seven heavenly dishes. Fresh ingredients combined with just awesome cooking executions. A great example and probably my favorite was the ricotta gnocchi. The flavors from pancetta and garlic infusing with the starchiness of gnocchi and pieces of sourdough bread was just to die for. Finished off with the wonderfully rich but just perfectly sweetened caramelized white chocolate pudding served with cocoa, cranberries, and puffed grains. Just yum!

With a focus on sustainability and simplicity, Nick Elmi truly exemplified through his food why he is a top chef. Thank you Nick and Christina (our server) for the amazing 3 hours. We'll be back.
You know you have good friends when they predict the winner of Top Chef early, secure a reservation and include you on said reservation.  Don't be jealous because your friends didn't think to do the same.  I heard they'll be opening up their reservations for June soon.  It's not thaaaat far away (gloats obnoxiously).

But seriously, reserve for June.  Those mouthwatering gnocchis, the perfectly cooked walu and the citrus curd dessert* (my top three of the night) are out of this world fantastic.

*You will want to get the pudding because it sounds more amazing.  It is amazing.  But the curd is amazinger (yes, amazinger) and you will feel like a jerk when you end up eating all of the dessert that you didn't choose, while the smarter person who ordered the curd gets shafted despite their excellent decision skills.

There's a reason this 22 seat restaurant made it in the James Beard semifinalist list for best new restaurant (please win, please win... or you Serpico, you are delicious too).  So go see for yourself... in June.
Laurel did not disappoint. It was everything I thought and wanted it to be. From start to finish Laurel lives up to what fine dining and great culinary is all about. Our server Jordan, was very professional and made me feel very comfortable and welcomed. Big treat tonight was the chefs were able to get a hold of some Australian truffles! They were shaved over risotto by one of the chefs. Great touch! 
Laurel is a very small restaurant. It is now byob, but is going to get a license for alcohol soon in addition to expanding the dining room. Laurel is still hoping to keep the byob option open for guest if they wish.

I am looking forward to my next reservation. 

Laurel, a foodie's paradise! :-)
A decadent masterpiece. That is how I would describe Laurel. 

After months of waiting to secure a reservation, our group of six arrived on a chill Friday evening for the chef tasting. At $75 per person for a 7-course meal, I was excited and ready for a delicious meal. The setting was warm, inviting, and with comfortable high-back chairs, we knew we would be there awhile. And after that evening, I'd love for it to be my second home. 

I asked Laurel to send me the menu ahead of time since one of our guests had a seafood aversion. While I usually love surprises, I was happy to get a sneak peek! 

There were so many highlights of that meal. From the first course of raw tuna delightfully covered in frozen horseradish with a zing of shaved green apple, to the flavorful duck confit that contained texture from the chicken skin and quail egg, everything on the menu was brilliant. The ricotta gnocchi was absolute joy, with the crispy pancetta that kept singing "Amen!" with every bite. That dish was powerful by itself. I thought that would be my favorite, but there was a truffle-crusted pork and braised belly with a pecan pesto accompaniment that really shined. And lastly, the dessert. Caramelized white chocolate pudding topped with more cocoa, puffed grains, and mulberries. Move over, Barbuzzo. Your salted caramel budino may be beat by this chocolate pudding from Laurel. It is now my favorite dessert, since it was light, not overly sweet, but enough to get an all-around-the-table wow! from everyone. (I may have heard some applause in the background, but that could have been the wine talking.)

Chef Elmi is talented, and presented us an impressive meal. Each dish was beautiful, and I was just a tad bit sad that I had to stick my spoon or fork in it. So much color, texture, and personality! The man himself stopped by our table, and we gave so much praise that was well deserved.

This restaurant is truly a gem. Service is impeccable from start to finish, and while you're carrying along a conversation, (wine) glasses are never empty. 

Thank you, Laurel for a wonderful and memorable evening!
Dear Ricotta Gnocchi
Thank you for changing my life on a level one cannot explain. You are pillowey clouds of cheesy perfection & left me feeling satisfied. The kind of satisfaction that comes from feeling more pleasure than one ever thought possible. I had no reservations about ordering you since everyone that has reviewed Laurel recommend I order and devour you. At first bite I knew I was in trouble. The warm gooey cheese alongside the salty crispy pancetta made the perfect forkful. I will tell everyone I know how amazing you are and hope that if they can score a prime reservation that they allow me to come along for the ride.
Sincerely 
Your Biggest Fan

All and all my meal at laurel was good. Obviously the gnocchi stole the show and did not disappoint. My usual dining crew and I made a post prime time reservation here and were excited to see it full to capacity at the time of our arrival. The space itself is pretty small so don't come with a large party it's a tight squeeze. Wine opened and we read through the menu and each decided on our own bowls of gnocchi, various other starters and entrees. I split the fish with Becer and thought it was prepared well. It had a nice firm texture but was still sort of creamy. The only course I wasn't a fan of was desert. There were many options and we decided to share the pot which was like fancy Oreo dirt. Flavor wise it just wasn't for me but Christian seemed to enjoy it as he had his eyes closed which is a sign that he is #SHDI something.

I would return here in a heartbeat especially for special occasion its very romatical and has a sort of sultriness you can only find on Passyunk.


Thanks Laurel for ensuring our dinner was #DTF
If a restaurant is listed in the top 100 restaurants "fit for foodies"  in America by OpenTable, and you realized after the little dance your thumbs did, while trying to find a table for the past two months, that scoring a reservation is a hard-score challenge. You know, YOU MUST be persistence and patience to get in. As Audrey Hepburn told me once: "Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!" And that's, my friend, how I did get a reservation once upon a time along with high dose of luck.

If a restaurant made the cut to be named in GQ magazine as one of the " 25 Most Outstanding Restaurants of 2015," you sure know you owe it to yourself to try it. Food critics, yelpers, tastemakers, and foodies have tried, loved, reviewed and have given this premise  A+, two thumbs up, and five Stars. If a restaurant was voted to be number one of the best 50 restaurants in Philadelphia,  you know you will bookmark it, to make your life easier for future exploration. 

Once upon a time, I was informed by my fellow yelper, Matthew H, that it was posted on twitter, that Laurel had some availability for the first seating of that night, so I called and I reserved it. That was a stroke of luck and I knew big things are about to happen.  

I believe that Laurel is a true American cuisine with a French touch to it. The service was very classy, professional and excellent. Meredith, my waitress, was very knowledgeable and patient as she was explaining the menu. At that time, the restaurant didn't move exclusively to the tasting menu yet. So, I had the luxury to choose between À la carte or the 7 courses Chef tasting menu. I opted out for the À la carte menu, which was divided to 4 courses, chilled, warm and savory, entree, and desserts. The chef recommended getting one of each for a full experience, I ordered the Salt Roasted Beets, Truffle Crusted Wagyu Beef with the Braised Cheek, and their favorite dessert that is always on the menu Caramelized White Chocolate Pudding. 

The food was beautiful, elegant, and exotic and if you are, like me, someone who appreciates the art of food, Laurel would be a real treat. My first course was the chilled salt roasted beets. The beets were cooked three different ways, salted, baked and dehydrated for richer taste, and finished with a nice touch of hibiscus foaming mouse. On a side note, don't skip the bread and the brown butter with sea salt, it was so delicious.  The truffle crusted wagyu beef,and braised cheek entrée was very tender and enjoyable. The dessert on the other hand, was not as successful as I expected it to be. I had the white chocolate pudding, and it had an odd and predominate flavor that I didn't like, nor I was able to identify. However, since the pudding is the restaurant favorite, it may just be my taste buds.  

After Vetri, I've raised my bar too high, especially, there are many fine dining options in Philadelphia. The ambiance at Laurel, was definitely warm, and inviting, very much worth the indulgence money and time. Meanwhile, in the lap of the luxury, Laurel didn't top Vetri, even with the unique dining experience. 

Four Yelps!
I would prefer to give this 4 1/2 but since that is not an option...5 it is. 

Small intimate place but the noise level was not bad at all (take note WILL).   We arrived around 8:30 for our 8:45 reservation and were seated almost immediately (good timing as the table literally left as we arrived).

We had one dish from each section (1st, 2nd, 3rd, and dessert).

Started with the Scallop Crudo and the Tuna with horseradish.  I really loved both dishes...was shocked at how big the pieces of tuna were but they were both delicious.

2nd course for us was  gnocchi and the mackarel with jalapeno.   Of course the gnocchi is rock star like everyone says although its almost too soft (is that even possible?).   They literally are like little fluffy air pockets and the crispy pancetta was awesome.   My better half liked the mackarel more than I did.  I know its an oily fish but I found the skin so fish and overpowering.  Once I ate "around" the skin.....I liked the dish.

3rd course was the start for me.  We had the poulet....which is top five dish of my lifetime.  You must love lemon to like this dish.   Super savory and the lemon was very pungent.  Loved it.  The pork dish was to me my least favorite of the whole night but there was nothing wrong with it.

For dessert we had the white chocolate pudding (delicious) and the citrus curd.  I was think we were disappointed in the citrus curd because it was so subtle.  I like a very tart dessert and following the poulet dish that was so lemony.....I was a tad underwhelmed.

Service was outstanding.  My wine glass was never below 1/2 and we even got the pleasure of meeting Nick (future Top Chef?).

When the menu changes in the spring....I'll be back!
A big difference between Laurel and Vetri?  Vetri was excellent, but once was enough, I don't need to go back.  Laurel was excellent and I will return every time they seasonally change the menu.  

Laurel is an artist's den, where masterpiece after masterpiece is created and presented.  You are eating art.  Each course of the 7 course tasting menu (the only menu available, which they give you a copy to bring home...damn, what a great idea) had a burst of surprise.  Flavors were exploding all over the place, only trained professionals could know how that is achieved.  

Before you go, if you are the type of person who has to know what they are going to eat in advance, I am not one of those people, check out the seasonal menu online.  Chef gets the big bucks, let him produce and go with it.  And you will love every morsel.   And if you think there is something you may not like, think again.  That won't happen, although they are very accommodating for food allergies and "hateful" eaters. 

Laurel is very cozy and comfortable, I felt right at home from the minute I walked in to when our exceptional server extraordinaire, Nick, said goodnight.

Go, enjoy the fine art of culinary genius, you will not be disappointed unless you prefer paintings on black velvet vs. a finely woven linen canvas.
Nick Elmi really nails it at his new, tiny BYOB.  

The chairs, first of all, are the most comfortable seating I've ever experienced in a restaurant.  And there are only about 24 of them, so it's as cozy as can be.  Our server, Alice, was also the manager, and she was an absolute delight the entire night.  And of course I will admit it's pretty neat to watch Top Chef and then have Nick Elmi drop a dish or two off at your table.  

The food was just exceptionally good, all the way through, and every plate was a little work of art on the table.

- Fluke with Asian Pear:  A bright combination which I've never seen before, the fish and Asian pear highlighted each other perfectly, and a (mild) horseradish yogurt made it sing.  A light, balanced start that set the tone for the rest of the meal.

- Ricotta Gnocchi with Pancetta:  Tiny little fluffy pillows in a little bowl, with tiny crumbled sourdough croutons adding some serious crunch.  Creamy and cozy and salty... I could have eaten about 5x the serving size.

- Foie Gras Terrine: A gorgeous slab of foie gras terrine, marbled with stripes of cocoa.  It was one of the most unique foie experiences I've had, with the bitterness of the cocoa cutting through that rich heaviness, a job usually left to the sweetness of fruit.  Very interesting and quite good.

- Trout, Burgundy Snails and Black Quinoa:  I like trout a lot, and this one killed it.  Perfectly cooked, melt-in-your-mouth fish with a crispy skin, plus black quinoa and some burgundy snails (which I only got one of thanks to my overzealous fiancee!).  Fishy and delicious.

- Poulet, Meyer Lemon Reduction:  What a dish.  Chicken is an underrated dish, and this one, like Parc's version, shows just why.  Laurel sends out two juicy, succulent slices of breast with crispy skin in a vivid meyer lemon reduction that made me wish I had the whole bird.  Add to that a single house-made chicken sausage of thigh and leg meat, which was like the most highly-elevated version of a chicken nugget ever made.  Trumpet mushrooms balanced out the plate.

Laurel has my vote for a return visit, and hopefully very soon!
If I could describe this place in one word, it would be BOUGIE.  

Let's just put it this way: the couple next to us discussed wine decanting for like their whole meal and I only know this cause I was millimeters away from their table.  Here's a fun drinking game: try not eavesdropping on conversations and when you eventually do (and you will), take a swig of wine.  You'll be loaded.  Simply put, it's INTIMATE, foodie speak for TINY. 

Came here for my birthday and the meal was, from start to finish, pretty damn impeccable as far as incredibly unique, refined tastes and spot-on presentation goes.  Don't come here if you're someone who likes places advertising the words "all you can eat" or "shrimp extravaganza" or "if you can finish this burger, you'll get a t-shirt."  I am one of these people.  And while I wasn't in my usual (preferable) roll-me-out-the-door food coma, I was still quite satisfied and comfortably full in a normal, healthy way.  Keep in mind we brought cheap, pink pomegranate prosecco to pair with our meal, so we aren't exactly Laurel's target audience.

I'd like to note that the dinnerware and utensils were adorable in that they were either comically small, comically large or made me ask the question, "okay, so what do I do with this?  Do I like, scoop it?"  

So to get the full spectrum of flavors/components of each dish here, you must go in balls-deep, so to speak. If you don't get a spoon/forkful of all the elements in one bite, you're not picking up what the chef is putting down, nahh mean?  After what I can only describe as an off-putting beet cotton candy puff as the pre-dinner teaser, I made the mistake of pussy-footing around each dish.  Do not do this.  Just dive in.

Here's my take on the $85 per person chef-tasting menu, in layman's terms:

"THIS IS F***IN AMAZING":
-Snails & mushrooms in a mystery cheesy sauce and topped with what tasted and looked like turkey bacon- it was delectably creamy and addicting with just the right amount of crunch, served with warm bread and homemade butter....THAT BUTTER THO...salty and sweet heaven.  I could eat it like yogurt.

-Icelandic cod in another mystery sauce, perfectly cooked- literally the best morsel of fish I've ever had the privilege of putting in my mouth and I shit you not, I felt like I was getting kinda emotional.  

-Kobe Beef (at a whopping $50 upcharge)- served on the rare side, it was THE most tender, amazing piece of beef I'll ever get to eat in my lifetime.  Again, felt like I wanted to cry.  Substantial and filling and totally worth the upcharge.  No, really. BF opted for the 40-hour braised pork cheek and he also said it was the best piece of meat he's ever tasted.

-Savory cow's milk cheese dessert with tart crabapple- choose this if you really love strong, sharp cheese and an adorable apple to compliment it perfectly.

"HMM, PRETTY TASTY":
-Fancy fish in horseradish snow (definitely unique but too horseradishey IMHO), foie gras in pear/granola (some bites were like "oh wow!" and others tasted like wet sawdust), jersey scallop with fried chicken bits on top (super tasty but no different than Ippolito's $2 scallops TBH)

"WHY THO?":
-Pre-meal "finger food" (carrot and other mystery vegetable and beet cotton candy puff- mehh), sweet potato cake dessert (not bad, per se, but still kind of savory for being their 'sweet' dessert and the density just didn't strike my fancy).

The meal ended with two minuscule ceramic pots containing white chocolate/cherry pudding crack.  OMG.  The check came out on a palm-sized clipboard.  Adorable all around.

Overall, the chef definitely had an odd obsession with adding a mystery crunch element to each dish which, while fun on the tongue, started to become kind of one note after a while.  Some dishes obviously reigned supreme over others.  Some were good but not great, and at these prices, everything should be great.  Service was spectacular- they knew when to interject, when to take away dishes, how to describe dishes- sometimes cloyingly sweet, but hey, at least they weren't snobby or pretentious.  My only complaint in this area is that the server offered to take the coats from the couple next to us, but we weren't offered.  Nitpicky, I know, but the place is so cramped, it would be a nice gesture so I didn't have to struggle to take it off without elbowing someone else.

We didn't get the alleged knockout gnocchi for a $40 upcharge (which I really am not losing sleep over), so the grand total for 2 people including tax and tip at a BYOB was $300.  Is it worth it?  Let me work it.  For a special occasion, yes.  You're paying for the experience.  But will I return and tell all my friends to empty their checking accounts? Probably not.  A great one-and-done deal.
Six of us had a fantastic dinner last night at Laurel, on what was its second night open.  Love what they've done to the ex-Fond space (with super comfy chairs!).  The service was excellent.  I'll write more later about the food, but we enjoyed everything we had (the gnocchi was a standout dish in my mind).

The newest "must try (and keep coming back)" BYOB in Philly!  Congratulations Nicolas, and good luck on Top Chef!
From start to finish Laurel was one of the best dining experiences I've had. 

The service is impeccable. The waiters and chef describe the courses in mouthwatering detail, cool and pour your wine like champs (or your champs like champs in our case), fill your water and remove plates like ninjas, shave delicious black truffles tableside so every time someone gets this course everyone in the restaurant loses their minds over the olfactory explosion (no other term can really do this justice), and will even print you out a menu if you ask nicely! 

Reservations are insanely difficult to get so call at least 2 months before and try the waitlist if you're not picky about the date. 

The atmosphere is cozy, but despite the close proximity to our dining neighbors, I didn't feel like I was intruding and overhearing all their conversations,  unlike other places I've been. There's no dress code, but it's clear that a lot of people here are celebrating something so it's a bit dressier than I'm used to in Philly. 

Every course was delicious,  interesting,  inventive, and a visual culinary masterpiece fit for the gram. I realize that is an extremely pretentious phrase, but somehow, Laurel achieves greatness without seeming uppity. From the amuse bouche to the main courses,  extra gnocchi course ($40 is a small price to pay for truffly angel pillows from heaven to enter your mouth), dessert course, and tiny pot o' caramel deliciousness, our bouches (and bellies) were extremely amused. The timing between courses was perfect and we left full but not stuffed. 

The price point ($75 for the 7 course tasting menu-actually 9 if you count the amuse bouche and extra tiny dessert) compared to other high end restaurants in the city and in other cities, is extremely reasonable,  but the wine pairings and extra courses will quickly add up. Save some money by bringing your own (hopefully nice) bottle. 

Extremely highly recommend for a special occasion! Cannot stop thinking about this place.
Since moving to Philly I have made it a goal to eat at all of the restaurants that are popular. Laurel was on the top of the list and a friend and I went last night after making a reservation 2 months prior. I have the same sentiments about Laurel that I do about Townsend and I have come to realize I am not a fan of French food. We had 7 courses which consisted of foie gras, wild burgundy snails, crab, clams, and black bass. They were all presented beautifully but just not for my liking. My taste buds are not that sophisticated I guess. 

We did spring for the bonus course which was a plate of black truffle homemade gnocchi's that were beyond fantastic. This plate will set you back $75. Overall it was a great experience but I will not be returning.
First, I would DISREGARD all of the 4 and 5 star reviews from "Yelpers" with zero friends and under 5 reviews. They either know someone who works there or know the chef is on Top Chef and that's why they posted something. I doubt they were even there and Yelp needs to do a better job filtering out that garbage. Moving on.

Had dinner here last night - sensational.

We had the Mackerel, gnocchi, scallop, trout, foie gras and pork. 

The scallop was raw but a very nice presentation and taste to. It was fishy but not too fishy, done very well.

Foie gras. Probably one of the best I've had in the city.

Gnocchi. I personally thought there was too much bacon flavor and some kind of vinegar or citrus flavor that overwhelmed the dish. I wasn't really crazy about the texture or size of the gnocchi either. 

Trout. It was really fresh and the sauce was phenomenal. 

Mackerel. This was probably my favorite. It was cooked rare and perfectly seasoned.

Pork. Very good, second favorite. It came with different parts of the pig, like shoulder, belly and chops. Very well done.


Service was great. Only saw them when we needed something. Nicolas served us dessert and spoke with us for a few minutes about Top Chef which was really awesome. This place seemed to work seamlessly for having just opened. I suspect it will only get more refined with time and look forward to trying it again in about 6 months.
Birthday dinner review!

Nic Elmi has been a chef that I've followed long before Top Chef thanks to my Foobooz reading habit. But it was watching him win it all in astounding Philly underdog fashion way back when that really increased my appreciation for him and his food!

When I first heard that Elmi was setting up an intimate BYOB on East Passyunk Ave way back when I knew that it was the perfect location and one that I'd be all in for. But between the Top Chef mystique still unlifted, the incredible and decadent sounding tasting menus that I've caught glimpses of, and the booked months in advance reservation status that they've rightfully achieved; I knew it would take a special occasion to plan such a remarkable meal for. And when I finally saw it the perfect reservation spot pop up after my fifth time checking Open Table and refreshing it twice, I knew that this was the year! And it proved to be one of those dining experiences that delivered the best on all fronts!

When the Eagles throw their Superbowl Championship Parade on your birthday, your day finds itself taking a few unexpected twists and turns. And that is how our dining party found itself growing from 4 to 5 plus an extra friend who wasn't dining. But the incredible staff didn't miss a beat in showcasing a tinge of extra accommodation and service that extended throughout the evening. 

Since opening Laurel has done a stellar job of honoring BYOB. But ever since Nic Elmi also opened up his cocktail bar ITV (https://www.yelp.com/biz/itv-philadelphia) right next door, they've also been accommodating to those interested in savoring their signature cocktails and wine selection. Being the celebrating family we opted for both when my cousin surprised us with a 10 year aged Italian wine. And I found myself in awe of the Phuket City Punch with rum, Thai tea, Cardamaro, and lime; and The Kali with bourbon, hibiscus, Lillet,
and sparkling wine.

Words can hardly even begin to describe the 7 course menu that was prepared for us. The first bite was a tart and briney mix of Kombu brined cobia, buddha hand, caviar, and dill. for the second bite I was eating snails for the very first time; and lapping them up in a polenta, shitake mushroom, truffle, and hominy broth. Our delectable amuse bouche was a foie gras tart with elderberry, vinegar, and hibiscus; and it was followed by a sweet yet subtly spicy marlin & octopus bolognese with persimmon and honey. Right when I thought I had the best seafood dish decided, the tide was changed with slow roasted sea bass w/ broccoli, turnips, and mushrooms in a chicken dashi. Between the braised lamb neck w/ cauliflower, pistachio, and honey; or the roasted Peking duck w/ sun choke, quince, and cranberry, I have no way of telling you which was the best dish of the night. But it goes without saying that I thought about lapping up each little last bit of sauce.

Somehow we managed to have room for dessert (mine with a candle on top!), and were in awed of things like kaffir lime white chocolate pudding w/ almonds, lemon curd blended with creme fraiche and puffed rice, a blood orange and star anise fruit pate, and boozy gummy bears! Between the price and the trickiness to book a reservation, I probably won't be back to Laurel on the regular. But as soon as I have another occasion that calls for extra celebration on a special occasion, I know where to go!
We were completely excited to score a table at Laurel as it is one of the most praised restaurants in the city and extremely difficult to obtain a reservation for. 

We arrived for our 8:30 pm reservation at 8 pm and were seated right away.

The amuse bouche was a beet meringue, dehydrated carrot and salted radish dish, which had good flavor.

Out of the seven courses plus the extra one (the $55 gnocchi we paid for) only one was memorable - the Wild Burgundy Snails. 

The portions are TINY and the entire dinner service took well over two hours. By the 4th course I was really to leave due to being 1) unimpressed and unexcited with the food and 2) service was taking so long I was falling asleep.

Couple that with a bill upwards of $300 and you have a recipe for a long, slow, torturous dinner experience. 

We will not be recommending this place to anyone and would not be surprised if the restaurant is somehow paying yelp to fix or delete all of the non 4/5 star reviews.
This was an amazing experience! Wow, I had high expectations, but they were pretty much all met when I dined at Laurel for the first time. To preface this review, I did watch the entire season of Top Chef for Nick Elmi's season, so I was super excited, and even curious whether I'd get to see the chef.  

Regarding the reservation, we booked about a month earlier to get the date we wanted. They were still pretty limited on timing though, since I bet they only reserve a certain number of seatings each night, so we booked a reservation at 6pm, which was on the earlier side of what we wanted. You have to put down a credit card to reserve and there's only a tasting menu for $115. We were completely fine with this. The BEST part is that the dinner is still BYOB!!! Like, way to incorporate the best part about Philly dining into your restaurant! Even though there was a wine pairing that could go with the tasting menu for an additional $75, offering BYOB is super generous.  

So I went with my sister, who's from NYC, and she was even more excited about this BYOB part (because it's basically unheard of in NYC).  So we brought a bottle of red and a bottle of champagne, which ended up being perfect, because it paired really well with the dessert that included a champagne foam! 

So out of the seven courses, my absolute favorite, and my sister's as well, was the escargot dish. I actually like snails, and if you don't, you should still try them! But this was hands down the best and most interesting escargot dish I have ever had. It was just so, so delicious and rich! A perfect french escargot dish with a twist! Some other highlights of the night for me were the amuse-bouche dishes, which included this really good soup that looked like a piece of candy! The other dishes I really liked were the seafood dishes (striped bass and shrimp). 

So weirdly enough, I was least impressed with the lamb and pork cheek dishes, not because they were bad or anything, but just because there wasn't anything extremely special or different about the two dishes. They were very solidly cooked traditional dishes. 

Overall though, the experience was still amazing, the service was great, and the BEST part is that Nick Elmi hand delivered at least one dish to each table that night, so I got to meet the chef! I LOVED how Laurel is still a very small, local feeling restaurant, but obviously also very high-class french/delicious!
I had high expectations for Laurel because my friend had talked this place up and took me here, but I was disappointed in the restaurant's execution given the price point. The food and ingredients seemed high end and some of the courses were really good (e.g. the poached oyster, oxtail/scallop, and yuzu dessert courses) and nothing tasted bad. Unfortunately, I noticed such a lack of attention to detail and lack of consistency and quality control in the plating and service, it ruined the dining experience for me.

Here are some of the things that just seemed off for me for a "fancy" restaurant:

--The decor was bare minimal. I appreciated the small tulip arrangement on the table but there wasn't much else.
--The wait staff dressed way too casual and they didn't have any kind of uniform. Everyone barely made eye contact and 2 out of the 3 waitstaff I saw didn't seem enthusiastic/didn't smile. I just didn't feel the wait staff was professional or attentive enough compared to what I would expect from a place like this.
--The presentation of the food, proportions of the ingredients, and portion size were inconsistent between platings. For example the waitress came out and poured dashi onto our kanpachi fish course and she gave my friend 2/3 of the dashi and 1/3 to me. For the duck course I got 3 currants on my plate, my friend got 2. Seems like I'm making a big deal here but given it's a special ingredient and the small portion size, yes it matters. The meringue in my dessert was toasted way more than the ones on my friend's plate which changed the taste.
--For the caviar course, the amount of ingredients was also inconsistent. I got a good 1/2 teaspoon more of caviar and cream and my friend got more vodka in her cream. My friend didn't like hers because having more vodka in hers made it too bitter and disrupted the balance. She gave the rest to me. I don't like to waste expensive food so I took it but to my dismay, I ended up putting in my mouth a good 1 inch piece of floss/dish scrubber wire/twisty tie (I honestly don't know what it is) in a spoonful of cream thinking it was a miscellaneous herb sprig. It didn't help that I found Dungeness crab shell in the following course either. Having just complained about the mystery wire in the caviar course, I didn't call out the crab shell but spat it out on a piece of napkin and left it next to the empty plate. The waitress didn't bother clearing the soiled napkin with a foreign object on it or ask if she can trash it and just left it when she cleared the plates. I'm surprised she didn't notice.

We did get comped (one person's whole meal) for the foreign object in our food but I wish it didn't happen at all because it ruined my appetite for the rest of the meal. It didn't seem like an shocking occurrence though given the rest of the QC issues.

Just for comparison's sake, two days after this visit, I went to a 2 Michelin star restaurant in NYC called the Modern (locates in the MoMa) that served a very similar French style tasting menu. It was only 6 courses instead of 9 but the portion sizes were slightly larger compared to Laurel so I would say the quantity of food was comparable. I immediately noticed the difference in service and quality control between the Modern and Laurel:

--The decor and lighting were superb and made it super pleasant and relaxing to dine there
--The waitstaff were all wearing suits and looked immaculate and professional
--I saw waitstaff ironing the table cloth, checking for exact placement of the plates, silverware, and checking the water glasses for stains.
--Each plate of food came out as identical as possible. In one dish, they even had an endive leaf in a salad curled and cut the exact same way on all 3 plates and it was placed at the same location. When serving the food, the waiters made sure to rotate the plate in the exact same orientation for everyone at the table. The cinnamon was dusted in a perfect circle. There was just not that kind of attention to detail made at Laurel.

Sure, there is no Michelin star restaurant in Philly but for a four dollar sign place on Yelp and the kitchen preparing similar types of food, Laurel has room to improve. 

The cost difference was $178 per person at The Modern vs $135 at Laurel, but the Modern is a no tipping restaurant so the price difference would have been only been around $25 more (before tax and a trip to New York) for a way better dining experience. To me, if I felt like splurging on this kind of fancy snooty food (probably even for a special occasion or just as a foodie looking for the latest adventure), I think a trek to Manhattan and paying a bit more to ensure my special occasion/date/experience goes well without a hitch is worth it. If anything, maybe I would just avoid disappointment by not spending this kind of money at Laurel in the first place.
Hands down the best restaurant I've ever been to in Philadelphia.

I don't watch Top Chef, but apparently Nicholas Elmi is a top contender this season, and when we walked up to the restaurant, he was modestly sweeping the doorstep. When my friend recognized him and said she couldn't believe he was there, he explained "of course I'm here, this is my restaurant." We ordered the tasting menu- $75/person for 7 courses. Worth every penny and more. It was inccccccredible. Best restaurant in Philadelphia.

When my brother asked for olives for his drink, Nicholas walked out the front door and went to the store to buy olives. Amazing.
Okay people, this place is worth the hype and the $$$$. After watching Chef Elmi compete on Top Chef like a champ, I knew I had to quickly make a reservation to support my Philadelphia rising star chef's new restaurant. It's a good thing I did, because Laurel is now booked up for basically the next 3-4 months.

My favorite dishes of the night were the scallop crudo (which came with an incredible apple and cucumber consumme), the roasted shrimp and mushroom soup, the pork with a chestnut puree, and the complex sweet and sour dessert of white chocolate pudding with cocoa nibs and quince. Every single dish we had was thought-provoking and so exciting. I think that was my favorite part. Although we knew what the ingredients of each course were, we still had no idea what to expect when it came to the flavor. Chef Elmi kept us on our toes the entire time.

The restaurant is also BYOB and the pricing is comparable to many restaurants in the city. The portions are also fair and we left feeling satisfied and happy.

I'm sorry to talk it up because you won't be able to get into Laurel anytime soon. This Top Chef winner knows what he is doing!
The place is amazing. It's super hoity-toity but not to the point where you don't know what you're eating and dishes are served on things other than plates. It's not like that. In fact, I think it has a more welcoming atmosphere than similar nearby places like Le Virtu and Townsend (sp?). 

I'm pretty sure it's six or seven course, chef's tasting only. The food is truly impeccable. Service is top notch. Atmosphere hits the sweet spot, where you can both see and hear your dining partners but are not eating in silence while under spotlights. 

Reservations are hard to get so book weeks in advance. Months if it's for a holiday like Valentine's Day. 

This is the kind of place where we need yelp to allow more stars.
The 1 page menu is made up of several courses with the third course being the main course. You can select the $85 tasting menu, or order a la carte. 

Overall I enjoyed the experience, but I think that I prefer high end meals at other Philadelphia restaurants such as Tinto, and Bibou more. For the price I think I should have been blown away by more than one dish. However I decided to rate Laurel at 5 stars because my preference is based largely on my love of rich flavors rather than the skill of the chef.

The chef is a master of texture. It was interesting to have cauliflower that was puréed and more granular on the same plate. The gnocchi was the best of my life, and the hands down best dish that we had. Even without the pancetta it would have been amazing because the gnocchi could not have been lighter. I had the skate wing, but liked my sisters duck much better. The texture of the skate wing was perfect, but I didn't enjoy the way the flavors blended together because I felt that it was boring. If you appreciate light flavors that are seamlessly blended to create something new, you will enjoy the skate wing.

Service was top notch. Our server was extremely knowledgeable and personable. There was never a moment where we wanted for anything.

The atmosphere was intimate, and felt like we were dining in someone's elegant, and tasteful home.
Laurel is in the running for the best meal I've ever had. Yes, the hype exists. And you better take it at face value because our meal here was truly special. I'm having a hard time finding the words because there was an experiential bliss that permeated every cell of our bodies at a certain point, and it's hard to accurately communicate how that felt. The service was lovely, the wine pairings were thoughtful and delicious, and the food was all that we had hoped for--and so much more. The creativity and expertise demonstrated here, start to finish, was so damn impressive. The variety, the technique, the execution...and all of the other words people use to describe a chef's vision/product. I'll throw in a few more because hyperbole is fun: Acumen. Precision. Mastery. I'll put the dictionary down now and get to the good stuff.

I live in NYC so I rarely get to come down to Philly. But when I do, I try to make it to at least one top restaurant. This city is teeming with great spots, so there's no shortage of options. The bf and I went to ITV in November 2016 and had a fantastic meal, so I was nearly paralyzed with anticipation when I found out my parents secured a reservation at Laurel. One of our close family friends is also a good friend of Nick Elmi, the Top Chef-winning ringleader of this whole affair, so she's been singing the praises of his spots even before they opened. She might be biased--and most biased people oversell--but she did not. I don't think she could have possibly done so.

For one of the best restaurants in Philly, Laurel is quite down-to-earth. I didn't find anything about this experience pretentious. The service was prompt but not brusque in the slightest and we felt taken care of the whole evening. For such a small place, they have an impressive number of people working here. Our main waiter was delightful and was able to field my overly-excited barrage of questions with poise and humor. 

Drink-wise, I'd suggest the wine pairing if that's something you're into. It amounts to about three/3.5 glasses, which are spread out over the course of the tasting experience. We all felt it was just the right amount of alcohol. It enhanced the experience rather than clouded it. Nice variety of wines--highlights for me were the sparkling Riesling which kicked off the meal, the Syrah and our dessert Chenin Blanc. 

For the food, I've sang the praises of this menu enough. I think you get the point. I won't do a deep-dive into every dish, though I'll shout out my highlights. The three of us were all pretty much collapsing after everything, so there really weren't any duds. A true display of excellence here. See below:

Winter 2018 Tasting Menu:
Collard Greens, Apple, Horseradish (Amuse): A+ 
Kombu-Brined Cabia, Calamansi Broth, Buddha Hand Caviar, Dill: A+
Santa Barbara Sea Urchin, Truffle Vinagrette, Grapefruit: A++
Frozen Foie Gras Tarte, Elderberry Vinegar, Hibiscus: A++
Marlin, Octopus Bolognese, Persimmon, Jalapeño: A++
Slow-Roasted Stone Bass, Plum, Pear Turnip, Plum Dashi: A
Roasted Peking Duck, Caramelized Sunchoke, Quince, Cranberry, Warm Spice Jus: A+
Wagyu Beef (add-on): A+
Braised Lamb Neck, Cauliflower, Pistachio, Honey: A++

This was one of those meals that reminded me why I've invested myself in the restaurant scene to such a degree. It's why I've watched Chef's Table three times through and it's why I spend so much time writing reviews on here. The vision here is clear. To get such a great blend of flavors, ingredients, techniques and creativity is a gift. Every ingredient had a place, every preparation made conceptual sense, and nothing felt too overthought. Our favorites (if I HAD to choose) were the Foie Gras Tarte, the Sea Urchin, the Marlin, the Braised Lamb Neck and the Duck. We added in the Wagyu Beef (there was an option to add that or the gnocchi), which was unbelievable as well. Just sit back and soak it all in. 

Desserts (both served in cute, little bowls with cute, little spoons):
Lemon Curd, Creme Fraiche, Puffed Rice
Kaffir Lime White Chocolate Pudding, Almond

Sweet bites:
Cookies, Lemongrass Milk
Bergamot Marshmallow
Buddha Hand Gummy Bears
Blood Orange Star Anise Pate de Fruit 

Good things come in small packages. I could say that was one of the themes of the whole night. After our heartier mains, having a few lighter desserts to round out the meal was a perfect ending. And we didn't *need* to add in that Wagyu but we were happy we did. It was just the right amount of food. Just the right amount of everything.
Laurel was one of my favorite restaurants pre-covid, and I was ecstatic to revisit one of my favorite spots in Philly. However, the toils of covid and the stressors on the staff has made this dining experience sub-optimal. In terms of food, I still thought Laurel ranks one of the best in CC, but the service was off throughout the entire night. We had wanted to experience the 9-course dining experience, which we had called ahead to confirm, only to find that this option was not available on arrival. None of the dishes that were brought to us were curated or explained, and the overall interaction felt curt and rushed. The wine pairing, while very expensive, are well worth it and bring out the most out of each dish. 

At the end of the day, we definitely spent quite a bit for an excellent tasting experience, but would have liked the service to mirror the quality of the dishes themselves.
I love when high expectations are exceeded.  For me the mark of a great restaurant is that after I've had an absurdly terrific meal, the first thing I do is go home, log on to Opentable, and book another reservation, which is exactly what I did with Laurel.

Now with two visits under my belt, I can say with certainty that this is one of the best new restaurants in Philadelphia, and Laurel has quickly catapulted to the top of my short list of must-try spots.

The albacore appetizer was a true highlight; it was hands down the most unique raw tuna dish I've encountered.  You need to try this.  The gnocchi is too awesome for words, just perfect.   As was the mushrooms in broth.  And I was impressed with every entrée we tried (my favorite was the trout).

The ambiance is pretty cool.  I've never had a single positive thing to say regarding noise level at a BYOB, but the spaced out tables here are a breath of fresh air.  You can actually hear yourself talk, believe it or not.  The music choices (as noted by another commentator) seem a little off.  "Oldies" doesn't quite jive with the modern upscale vibe of the restaurant, but that's a small complaint.

I have another minor complaint that is no fault of the restaurant.  The fellow diners... kind of annoying.  Everyone is familiar with the chef's pedigree not to mention his recent pop culture notoriety, so the attention is neither unexpected nor undeserved.  But some people need to take it down a few notches.  On one side of us we had a Padma wannabe commenting on the acidity level of each dish in addition to micro-reviewing everything she saw him make on tv.  To the other side of us we actually had someone ask him to pose for a picture.  Yes, I know I'm being grumpy.  And no, I'm not made of stone... I can admit it was super cool when Elmi himself brought us our last course.  I just wish some people would be a little cooler about it is all.  

Bottom line is Laurel is an insanely awesome restaurant, and I look forward to dining at Laurel for years to come (if I can ever get another reservation!)
We went to Laurel on Wednesday night, I guess that would be the 2nd night that they were open.  We made reservations via OpenTable and were seated immediately.  The room is very nice, small, but the tables are spaced out enough so that you don't feel like you are on top of each other.  For those of you that have been to places like Mercato or Matyson you know what I mean.  Anyways everyone at the restaurant is exceedingly polite and attentive.  The service was extremely good, the wait staff was very good about being useful and not overly attentive.  Laurel is a BYO so definitely bring a few bottles of whatever beer, wine, liquor you would like.  The menu is set up in 4 parts, 1, 2, 3, and 4 and with this you can sort of create your own tasting menu by ordering from each part this is what we did.  The prices are reasonable and are similar to Will BYOB right down the street.  We started off with the scallop and the fluke crudo.  Both were exceptional, the flavors of each worked extremely well together and the cohesiveness of the dishes were definitely on point.  I was very impressed with these dishes and hoped that this trend would continue and it did.  Our second course consisted of the gnocchi and  seared mackerel.  I mean again both were extremely well executed and the flavors were all there as well as very nice textures.  For mains we went with the Berkshire Pork and the Lemongrass poached Wolffish.  Again both were extremely well executed, the pork was cooked a few different ways and was not over done which I really enjoyed.  The wolffish was spectacular, there really is no other word for it, it was perfectly cooked and poaching it cooked it perfectly while still allowing the meat to retain a nice doneness without making it mushy.  We ended with the white chocolate mousse which was very good.  All in all I would say that Nicholas Elmi has a real winner here and this will quickly become one of the staples on Passyunk and I look forward to returning in the near future.  Side Note: I normally take pictures for everyone to see but it was dimly lit in the restaurant and I didn't want to disturb everyone else with the flash from my phone.
Rightfully one of the the best restaurants in Philadelphia. Congratulations Laurel for making it on Philly Mag's # 1 restaurant. Everything about our experience was phenomenal and we cannot wait until we can return. 

We were so fortunate to make reservations for the only Monday they are open (before Christmas). We opted for the tasting menu and was so impressed

Dish # 1: my husband had the fluke and I had the beet salad. The fluke was amazing (per the hubs) and "changed his life"; the beet salad was also very nice - wonderful textures and the salt-cured beet was not overly salty. 

Dish # 2: smoked artic char was also incredible. It came accompanied with horseradish that was frozen (think dippin dots) which gave the char a wonderful kick. 

Dish #3: the duck confit cassoulet was immaculate! the duck confit was covered with pillow of white beam espuma. The white bean was so light and the duck confit was so incredible. What a wonderful experience.

Dish # 4: Gnocchi - hands-down my favorite dish of all time. The gnocchi was light as clouds and so flavorful. The contrast in textures against the crispy pancetta was so was wonderful combination. I could go for some now. The waiter was nice enough to offer us some more bread to mop up the sauce, what a nice recommendation!

Dish # 5: Catfish: cooked so well. It was a dense piece of fish but not dry at all. It was nice and flaky while being so flavorful. It was dressed with lemon-grass emulsion which not only added to the wonderful plating, but it tasted wonderful. If we were to order ala carte, this would be the entree I would recommend.

Dish # 6: Pork stuffed pork - they weren't joking, it was pork in pork on pork. so wonderful. The braised pork belly had a hint of chocolate dusting on it and who knew what a wonderful combination that would be! 

Dish # 7: White chocolate pudding dessert. From the man who doesn't like dessert, my husband would not share his and finished it! It was soo wonderful. the sweetness was cut wih some grains and cranberry. I could eat this by the tubful! 

Overall, Laurel is a must try restaurant in philadelphia. We can not wait to go back. Before I end this review, I want to commend the servers and hosts. They were very patient and so very accommodating. One waiter even ran outside, in the rain, to see if Townsend was open for a couple who wanted some post-dinner drinks. What a wonderful staff.
When Laurel first burst onto the Philadelphia food scene in 2013, its global, intricate, and beautifully plated dishes (prepared by Top Chef victor Nicholas Elmi) became the talk of the town. 

While many fine dining establishments come to rely on certain menu mainstays and customer favorites, the culinary team at Laurel has remained committed to testing the boundaries, trying new techniques and pulling from new sources of inspiration - which was evident in the near-perfect menu. Our favorites included the the green farro and black garlic with citrus notes, the truffle-infused, perfectly cooked Dover sole, and the braised and roasted venison - which was not gamey at all(!). Laurel had two additional specials that night, a truffle risotto and a wagyu beef - we sprung for the wagyu beef and relished every silky, savory bite. Elmi also made an effort to visit every table, and he was kind enough to take the time to explain how he managed to get the truffles inside the sole (culinary magic!).

I do think that Elmi's strength lies in the elevation of more hearty comfort dishes, as evidenced by the strength of the farro and venison dishes. The raw dishes were not quite as good - the Spanish mackerel had such an overpoweringly fishy flavor, it completely overwhelmed the delicacy of the accompanying chow chow gele and sea lettuce. The service was also a bit rushed and robotic at the beginning of the meal to the point that we had to read the menu to figure out what we had just been served, though towards the end, as the dining room emptied, our waitress became much friendlier. 

Four years after opening, it is still near-impossible to score a table at Laurel - and it's easy to understand why. Despite minor hiccups during our meal, Laurel truly is a very special experience. The menu is full of interesting flavors in unexpected combinations, each plate is a visual and culinary treat, and the intimate space of Laurel really allows the diner to fully enjoy the experience.

Fun fact: Laurel is no longer Laurel BYOB (though they do still let you bring your own bottle). With ITV right next door, there's now the option to enjoy cocktails, wine, or even a wine pairing with your meal!
I'm looking at the reviews here, and I can't make sense out of what I'm seeing. Either (i) I don't realize what an unsophisticated rube I am, (ii) people are afraid to give a fancy, high-profile place a low-star review, or (iii) Yelp is a scam and Laurel pays them a bunch of money to keep low-star reviews out. Laurel is, at best, unremarkable, except for the prices, for which Laurel has managed to set a new standard in Philadelphia. Dollar-for-ounce, it's by far the most expensive place in the city. 

'Fois gras' always sounds good when it rolls off waitresses' lips, and it tastes even more decadent than it sounds. But when you say it, there should actually be some fois gras in the dish -- at least enough to taste it. All I tasted was the most expensive granola I've ever had; I prefer some of the granola in those containers at Whole Foods.

The one dish I did think was excellent was the gnocchi, which I gather is their famous dish. It was good, but I feel like I'm paying for its fame at an additional $55. I notice other reviews discussing it only months ago for $20, $40, $45. No matter how good it is, I don't think it'll be worth it in a year from now when it's $125.

Many reviewers note the tiny portions. They are, to be sure, miniscule, but I actually don't mind that, so long as the taste is a knockout. Here, we received eight dishes -- one (the gnocchi) was excellent, one (the Burgundy snail dish) was very good, and six literally made us laugh at ourselves for voluntarily being robbed of $300. That's $300 -- at a BYO. Remarkable.
Now I know what all of the hype is about!

I luckily secured a spot for two last Wednesday night after seeing them tweet about cancellations on their twitter page. I booked a reservation at 6:30 on Open Table and then called to confirm the reservation. I wanted to do something special for my boyfriend as his graduation was that Thursday, so it worked out perfectly. 

We arrived with champagne and beer, and the hostess immediately took it in the back to chill. We were then seated and our waitress came over, poured us a glass of champagne and described how the menu worked. Not long after, we were served our first course.

Course 1: Uni
This dish was a perfect starter course. It was a small bite of food but still was very, very good.

Course 2: Mackerel
What made this dish for me was the horseradish ice. It was a perfect balance between the texture of the raw mackerel and the spicy/sweet taste of the green apple. Yum.

Course 3: Escargot
As it was escargot week, they of course needed to serve a dish with a focus on snails (which worried me a bit as I am not a huge fan). I was pleasantly surprised! The textures/taste was right on point. 

Course 4: Gnocchi
The gnocchi was a ricotta base and served with a stinging-nettle sauce. It was perfection.

Course 5: Walu 
This fish was impeccably cooked- crisp on the outside and flaky and buttery throughout. It was served with a rhubarb puree that tied the whole thing together.

Course 6: Veal
This course was my least favorite. Overall, the veal was very tender and the vegetables were cooked well, but it lacked the special ingredient that I felt was present in the other courses. 

Course 7: Caramelized White Chocolate Pudding
This was an AMAZING dessert. The pudding had a fantastic texture, and the granola-like topping was the perfect contrast.

The food was amazing, but what really made this place a winner in my book (and worthy of the best restaurant in Philly award) was the service. From start to finish we felt that we were being taken care of and treated as if we were the only customers in the restaurant. I will never forget this experience and I cannot wait to come back!!
We rented out Laurel for our wedding dinner. Chef Elmi, Jane Fryer, and the staff could not have been easier to work with. They planned a nine-course menu for us that was flawless. Dinner included ice cream with caviar, oysters, juneberries, and the famous lobster press from Le Bec Fin. It was such an honor to see Chef Elmi in his element. I highly recommend this restaurant if you are planning a special event (or just want to enjoy an amazing meal!)
Post holiday, my friends and I decided to have a fancy friends dinner and after checking out the reviews of some of the new spots we settled on Laurel.  I'll admit I'm a Top Chef fan so Nick Elmi was part of the draw.  In the old Fond space, the restaurant is tiny, maybe 10 tables.   The menu is set up to get three courses and a dessert, moving from raw apps to warm, and then an entree.  I started with the albacore tuna.  It was raw, sort of like chunks of sashimi, really nice and fresh with frozen horseradish and then a contrasting yogurt sauce.  For the second course, we all got the gnocchi, and the table was basically silent until we finished.  The gnocchi was so pillowy, and I totally understand why Nick won on Top Chef for that dish.  The pancetta and the croutons added a nice contrast in texture.  For an entree the cod dish was being replaced with a butterfish, and I shared that with my friend.  The fish was perfectly cooked, and the pecans with the tartness of the mild cider was a nice combination.  For dessert we shared the white chocolate pudding, it was kind of like a fancy version of dirt pudding.  It was tasty, but I would skip it and get a cheese plate.  You can tell a lot of thought went into each dish, and all the flavors were interesting and delicious.  A nice bonus is that it's BYO so you can enjoy some really great food without spending a lot on drinks.
Took guests to Laurel. Worst FOOD POISONING
ever. We all left them kind messages early the next morning to let them know. Said we don't want our money back. $85/ person. No need to give us another meal. Just check on what might have happened. No call back. They did call three months later asking if I would like to confirm a reservation I had made that evening where I had planned to bring my nephew who was an executive chef at a well known establishment. I asked if they ever received our messages. She said yes and hung up. We may have given it another chance. These things happen. But their customer relations was a surprise. My guests were so ill that they were unable to attend  a wedding the following day. It has taken me awhile to write this review. But finally decided to post it.
Like most diners of Laurel, our reservation was made 2 months in advance for a weeknight dinner.  Having almost all 5 star reviews, and rated as the #1 restaurant in Philadelphia, we were sure this was the safest bet for a memorable dinner out.  Unfortunately, we were very disappointed with our experience.  Read on to understand why.
    
    Our night started off fairly well, we were seated 15-20 min after our reservation.  The restaurant is a small place so it was totally understandable. We brought an excellent napa cab to complement our dinner.  After being seated our wine was opened and poured and bread and butter was served.  This would have been great except that a table nearby with a cheaper wine was offered a decanter right off the bat without any request.  We were not even offered the option which was a bit off putting.  So note to servers, don't assume someone's wine should be decanted based on their appearance or age, ask if they would like it decanted.  The rest of our service was fine, but that exchange rubbed us the wrong way.
    As for the food, I am shocked by all the amazing reviews.  Did someone else make the food for our table? As we were eating almost everyone was making another reservation on their way out.  W'ere we in the twilight zone? I wouldn't eat at Laurel again based on our experience.
    The arctic char and duck cossulet were both very good.  If we would have had only those two dishes this restaurant would be a solid 4-5 star in my book. However, everything else we ordered was merely adequate to bad.  At $16-34 per course, and overall $ 150-200 for a dinner out for 2 you expect amazing, and what was delivered outside of the two stand out dishes was shocking.  Spending top dollar for great food is very rewarding, but nothing sucks more than paying a lot for a disappointing dinner. 
     Biggest shocker of the night, the gnocchi was straight up gross.  Slimy little pillows that disintegrate as soon as they enter your mouth. The texture combo was off putting. Slimy snot with pancetta bits is the best analogy. The fluke was fine.  The fluke quality was great but the flavor was raw fluke and lime, nothing mind blowing there. The duck was adequate, but overpriced for the amount of duck you get... maybe 1/3 of a duck breast. The pork; gross.  I could go on but you get the point.  
     You can see what the chef is trying to do here with textural and flavor combos. However, for a dinner for two in which 8 dishes were ordered, you can't have only 2 good dishes, 1-2 passable dishes and the rest only edible because you know how much you paid for it.  For restaurants of this level in Philly you expect so much more. Sbraga, Serpico, High Street, or Ela are far superior to Laurel if looking for a high end inventive meal.  
     Nick Elmi seems like a nice guy, and coming out to say hi is a nice gesture, but kindness doesn't get me my hard earned money back. We really wanted to love this place but it was such a letdown.
Make reservations now.

No, right now, I'll wait. 

Done? Okay, now you can continue reading...

This was probably the second best if not best meal that I have had yet in Philly.  Nick's French training and skill are on display with a seafood heavy tasting menu that continues to deliver again and again.  

Booked our reservations the night he won Top Chef after much deliberation and were able to get in on the last seating at 10pm on a Friday night.  

It's BYO - to make sure to bring something great, and if there's any left over, leave it with the front of the house staff who does a killer job.  

Tasting menu style, my favorite for a phenomenal chef to just showcase their abilities and let you sit back and enjoy the ride.

If you take a look at their site, you'll see a sample tasting menu.  What we had was pretty close, started with an uni amuse on a chicken skin cracker, followed by the tuna with horseradish, pear and yogurt that was crazy good.

Follow that up with the torn sea scallop with a really interesting apple-flavored sauce.  And, oh yes, foie gras terrine? Holy crap this was a huge piece of foie gras, very heavy and served with toast, but so good.  We definitely couldn't eat it all! 

Probably my favorite thing all night - the charred Spanish Mackerel - with the mustard seed and mustard oil.  Wow this will clean out your nostrils but man does this thing pack flavor! 

The ricotta gnocchi was also pretty tasty, but it came out at the same time as the mackerel and was a bit overshadowed!

Hellooooo beautiful butterfish, or walu.  This thing was cooked to perfection and incredibly flavorful, but then was followed by the wagyu beef and quickly forgotten!!

The wagyu beef was served with some fresh beets and beet sauce, which I have to say, as a man who doesn't like beets (and Nick doesn't either!), these were incredibly tasty!

Top it all off with the desserts? Yup, the panna cotta with Buddha's hand.  Look it up, you've probably never heard of it.  Dehyrdated meringue? Oh yes! Oh, and the white chocolate pudding? To die for.  If this were always dessert, trust me, I would always clear every plate before it to get to this one!

Front of house service was awesome. But the final piece that made it awesome? Nick comes to talk to every table to see how their meal was and get people's opinions.  It was late night, and he's a regular guy, so he sat down at the empty table next to us to enjoy a beer and chit chat before realizing "oh crap it's late I need to clean up." 

Yup, we'll be back. Probably like 12 more times, this meal was awesome.
WOW!  that's what my friends and I kept saying after we finished our incredible meal at this cozy, charming gem on Passyunk.  My friend pointed out that she was impressed they decided to reduce the tables/seating capacity since this locations previous restaurant.  The results are chairs that are as luxuriously comfortable as the food is delectable. Also, this reduced the noise factor for a small restaurant like this.  The service was as consistent and appropriate for the quality of the food, enjoyment of every part of the meal is improved as a result.

We shared everything and kept finding every part of the meal to be outstanding.  The Foie Gras and Cocoa Terrine was heavenly and something I had looked forward to since first hearing of the restaurants opening.  It did not let me down.  The Kombu Crudo was wonderful and the Ricotta Gnocchi with Pancetta was SO good we agreed we HAD TO order a 2nd order of it! The entree's were generous and perfectly prepared.  Mine was a rewarding Wagyu Beef dish that was impressive.

Finishing with some Morbier and honey and an order of the highly recommended White Chocolate pudding provided the happy ending any massage parlor would have  a hard time competing with :)
I made reservations for dinner to celebrate my husband's birthday at Laurel. In my reservations, I noted to have dessert brought out with a candle -- a perfectly fair and normal request. A week before our dinner, I get a call from Laurel confirming my reservation and acknowledging my husband's birthday and bringing out dessert with a candle. 

On the evening of our dinner, my husband and I arrived at Laurel and upon being seated, one of our waitresses blurted out if we were celebrating a birthday that night, and immediately wished my husband happy birthday. I was nonplussed over this because the point was to bring out dessert at the end, as requested, then wish him happy birthday. 

I decided to brush off what had just happened, hoping my request would still be honored when she brought out our dessert later that evening.

As far as what we thought about Nick Elmi's Laurel, the concept that he put forth in his tasting menu was a pretty cool and delicious one. He incorporated a lot of textures, so that the experience was not just about taste but texture as well. I honestly did not think he was that great in his winning season of Top Chef but were glad we went with the 9 course tasting menu, because it was actually really enjoyable.

In terms of the ambiance, it was okay. I expected more from Laurel. The music playing in the background was ill fitted for a fine dining restaurant. 

When it came time for dessert, our waitress totally disappointed me and did not bring out dessert with a candle as confirmed from our call earlier that week.

Next to us, a couple was just seated and was also celebrating a birthday. Immediately, their waiter did as our waitress had done, bringing up the girl's birthday and wishing her happy birthday. I immediately felt bad for her date, hoping his surprise was not ruined like mine.

Overall, the waitstaff were all very nice and attentive. My only gripe was that they didn't bother to honor special requests even after confirming with you.
Not just anyone can be a chef - much less a 'Top Chef'.  To make it as a chef, you need to be irrationally in love with cooking. It's all or nothing and I can equivocally say after my experience at Laurel tonight, Chef Nicolas Elmi is definitely a Top Chef.

I am a fan of the show Top Chef and a fan of cooking and of eating in all manner of restaurants from Michelin 3 star to a Tokyo yakitori yatai or street stall vendor.  

If I'm honest, I sat down at Laurel with very high expectations, perhaps unfairly so; but there it is.

We decided to go with the wine pairing for the 7 course tasting menu and added the extra Wagyu Beef beef entrée to the 6th course for a total of 8 dishes.

Lauren (I'm unfortunately not sure if it was Lauren J. or Lauren U.) was our server and she was a delight to be sure.  We would definitely request her on a return visit to Laurel.

To starts, we each had a signature cocktail, I had the Drunken Farmer (Bourbon, Fig Leaf, Peach, Egg White) and it was phenomenal.  So delicious - I could have swilled a pitcher of them.  My dining partner had the Navigator (White Rum, Cocchi Rosa, Vermouth) and it was also delectable.

The amuse bouche was a dehydrated beet cube of some sort (I forget the description, apologies) and it was tasty.  It reminded me of a softer, gentler li hing mui - and I liked it.

The first course was Hamachi, salted peach, green tomato, pepquino and tomato kombu purée and it was tasty.  We both liked the green tomato's slight acidity and crunch.

The second course was a cured foie gras with black walnut granola, elderberry vinegar gelée and stone fruit and it was phenomenal.  Icy cold, meltingly smooth and the most delectable foie granola you can imagine.

Course 1 & 2 were paired with a Tsurunoe Junmai saké and it was a perfect pairing.
The third course was a ragoût of wild burgundy snails, mushrooms and spring onion with whipped potato and vegetable ash.  It was served with a small warm loaf of soft bread - almost like a Japanese Hokkaido Milk Bread - and butter. 

Again, an unusual combination that was just delectable and delicious.  Like the wine it was paired with, it was a dish evocative of the southern Bourgogne and yet brand new. 

Course 3 was paired with a 2012 Domaine Thenard, Givry Premier Cru and it was perfect.

The fourth course was Maryland crab and broth, corn, quinoa, black garlic breadcrumbs and softshell crab custard.  Amazing - one of my favorite (if not favorite next to the foie granola) dishes ever and I am not a crab fan by any means.  I could have eaten a quart of it and had an entire bottle of the wine paired with it. Loved it, loved it, loved it.

Course 4 was paired with a 2011 Marc Tempé Grafenreben Riesling from Alsace and it was sublime.

The fifth course was the roasted swordfish, swiss chard, radish and tarragon emulsion.  It was good and we both felt that it was our least favorite dish of the evening, but it was good.  Neither of us cared for the wine pairing but that isn't to say that it wasn't a good pairing - it was just not to our tastes overall.  I am not a wine expert by any means but it was (to me) smoky, earthy, and had a bit too much acid for my taste.

Course 5 was paired with a 2010 Benito Santos Pago de Xoan Valdo Salnés

The six and added seventh course came out together and both were rich, robust meat dishes.  The Long Island duck with beach rose hip jam, petite chanterelle mushrooms and duck egg emulsion was spectacular (and I don't generally care for duck) and the wagyu beef dish was equally spectacular and in the same flavor range of rich, robust, meaty goodness.

Course 6 and 7 was paired with a 2011 Austrian Tinhof, Saint Laurent, Burgenland and it was great.

Finally for dessert, we tried each of the two dessert dishes: vanilla-fromage blanc panna cotta with local berries and basil (the mini blueberry marshmallows were awesome) and the Spring Brook Farm's Ashbrook Morbier-style cheese with almond crumble and huckleberry was scrumptious.  

We had an additional bonus from Lauren who presented a chocolate ganache slice with edible gold leaf topped with a lit candle for our belated 20th anniversary.  For our first time at Laurel; to get such a personal touch during a busy service was a testament to Lauren and to Chef Elmi's restaurant and staff.  We felt very special, indeed.

The dessert course was perfectly paired with a Spanish Los Bermejos Malvasia Dulce, Lanzarote, NV.

Then AFTER the dessert course, we were served (in the cutest pots that I now want for myself) a white chocolate caramel pot de deliciousness that added that last sweet touch to the evening.

The service - thank you Lauren! - was great, the wine pairings - thank you, Heather! - and the food - thank you Chef Elmi! - was great and so at the end of the evening; we can clearly say that we had a truly 'Top Chef' experience and we enjoyed every bit of it.
Laurel is the hottest ticket in town right now for good reason. Located in the old location for Fond, This BYOB exudes cozy intimacy.

As usual we opted for the tasting menu. Seven courses of amazing! Let me say that I HATE, HATE, HATE mackerel, the oiliness of the fish typically overpowers anything else. The mackerel course was served with a freeze dried horseradish and was so incredibly wonderful that I was tempted to lick the plate. Any chef that can take a food I loathe and make me want more deserves a James Beard award. Another standout was the delicate but perfectly rich gnocchi. The desert was something I'll dream about for awhile also.

Great location and staff that are knowledgeable and genuinely friendly puts Laurel at the top of my culinary list of favorites.
I made a reservation here before Nick Elmi won top chef and unfortunately had to cancel.  Needless to say, the timing could not have been worse, because in the intervening time, he won Top Chef, and I have not been able to get back in since. I've been forced to jog by it every other night on my run and watch people enjoy what was, until last night, beyond my reach. Luckily, last night a series of unfortunate events involving snow, cancellations, and an unexpectedly open evening combined to result in an open table for four at Laurel and an invitation for me from a friend.

We arrived on this frigid evening to a warm, welcoming, and intimate BYOB Laurel, armed with several bottles of wine between the four of us.  After everyone arrived, our server explained the options to us.  We could order either a la carte or do the chef's tasting menu for $85.  If we did the tasting menu, the whole table would have to do it.  I am mostly vegetarian at home, but will eat birds of any kind when I'm out to eat, so I was worried my restrictions would keep the table from ordering the tasting menu.  Luckily, Chef Elmi was able to provide a tasting menu with that in mind.  I would suggest that if you have dietary restrictions and you have a reservation further in advance than day of, that you let the restaurant know ahead of time.

Dishes:

Salt Roasted Beet Salad--I love beets, I love salt, I love pralines.  This dish had them all.  While I forgot about it later on when discussing dishes with my friends at the table, reflecting now reminds me that this dish was superb.  The beets were nicely done with just the right amount of salt to go with their sweet earthiness.  The praline flavor came by way of some kind of foam or sauce and was delicious.

Foie Gras and Cocoa Torchon, Radicchio Jam, Gooseberry-Saffron Gelee--I enjoyed this interpretation of this dish.  The cocoa added a bitterness that you could really continue to taste after you took the last bite.

Duck Confit Cassoulet--this was my favorite dish of the evening.  There is not a ton of duck confit in the dish, but I still managed to get the flavor in every bite.  The creaminess from the quail egg and the interesting flavor of the onion ash took this dish to the next level.  My only criticism is that the serving was too small, I could have eaten a cereal bowl of this.

Fresh Ricotta Gnocchi--this dish came without pancetta for me.  The flavors were wonderful, the gnocchi was surprisingly stark white, and the sourdough breadcrumbs were an interesting addition.  I got a little bit of a lemony flavor--so even though the dish looked to be heavy, it was surprisingly light.

Peking Style Duck Breast--this dish came with about four ounces of duck breast cooked a bit closer to medium than medium rare with a peking-style sauce.  It was accompanied by a roasted sunchoke, a sweet sunchoke puree, and coffee crumbles.  The duck was perfectly cooked and tender and the salty fatiness of its skin was delicious with the contrasting sweetness of the sauce and sunchoke puree and the bitterness of the coffee crumbles.

For dessert we had the famous white chocolate pudding.  I may never be able to get a reservation again if I say this, but it reminded me of fancy worm pudding.  The decadent, rich, thick pudding was topped with chocolate shavings and sugared gooseberry (taking the place of the gummy worm, I'm sure).  It was well-beyond any worm pudding I was served in girl scouts, and I highly recommend it.  Chef Elmi came out when dinner was served to greet our table, which is a wonderful touch that you don't get at other restaurants.

The service was good, but not on the caliber I have experienced at some other restaurants in the same class as Laurel.  Maybe the bad weather meant it was an off night.  

Bottom line:  The food is completely worth the wait.
Before I get to the wonderfully postive things about Laurel, a couple complaints:

The first, a very minor one, is that our table was wobbly. Not enough to be a real distraction, but at a place like this tables should have zero wobble. To anyone at the restaurant reading this, this was the table nearest to the front door.

A less minor complaint echoes the concerns of another reviewer: the music. The music was TERRIBLE. Mostly 70s funk which I found quite unpleasant in this setting. I suggested to the waiter that the music didn't match the setting and he replied that the chef/owner wanted to keep a "casual setting," and also mentioned that this is the reason why the waiters didn't wear fancy garb, etc. I didn't pursue an argument but I would say that the idea that the music needs to be somehow *overtly* unsophisticated to maintain a "casual setting" is bullshit. Laurel already feels plenty casual just from the understated decor alone (which reminds me of Le Chateaubriand in Paris, another restaurant serving excellent food that also tries to avoid pretense, but does so without bad music). By extension of the idea the waiter put forth, perhaps the chef/owner would prefer to serve the food on paper plates and have diners bus their own tables. I mean we wouldn't want snobby fancy plating and presentation to give an air of uptightness, would we? I don't have anything against 70s funk per se but seriously, one of the songs playing was "Brick House" by The Commodores and it really wasn't appropriate for the occasion. Take it from me Nick Elmi, people WANT to feel at least somewhat classy when they go to a place like this. I had a "poulet with winter alliums," not "chicken with onions n' leeks" right? I hope someone there reads this and takes the suggestion seriously to change the music, keeping it to jazz, classical, and more muted contemporary selections. Actually what would really be amazing is if a place like this didn't have music at all. This is a separate discussion but as a professional musician I believe that the stream of background music we are constantly fed everywhere we go is bad for our appreciation of music, which is something that should be actively listened to...anyway they probably won't get rid of music entirely but please please get rid of the funk. I booked a table for Valentine's Day already and don't want to listen to that again. /rant

Despite my hatred of the music I simply must give Laurel five stars because the food was stunningly good, all of it. The foie gras terrine was a beautifully balanced dish and the bites I got with strong cocoa flavor were heavenly (there could have even been more cocoa). The blood orange reduction was very subtle but still came through. Everyone's raves about the gnocchi are on point, they really melt in your mouth. "Poulet" with "alliums" was perfectly cooked and presented, and outstanding in its simplicity. The chcken skin was crispy and the meyer lemon reduction was very lemony which I liked very much in this preparation. My boyfriend's selections were just as good: a tasty salad to start, followed by an amazing charred mackerel with a good dose of jalapeno, then the cod dish which was again cooked perfectly and the snails were a lovely addition.

I got the white chocolate pudding for dessert, which was just as good as other reviews have made it out to be. No less good was boyfriend's choice of the lemon curd. Service was very relaxed and even though we were there for two hours it didn't feel like the food was taking forever to come out. Laurel is of course pricey if everyone gets all four courses. Our dinner with the tip added in came to $170. However I wouldn't expect to spend much less at this kind of place and I hope they do more extended tasting menus soon.

There are a lot of places I still haven't been to in Philly but just based on this meal Laurel tops restaurants such as Bibou, Fond, Will, Matyson etc. for going the extra mile in regard to the balance, flavor and seasoning of each dish. I look forward to coming back but please change the music PLEASE. The food is too good for it!
I went here to celebrate a birthday.
All I can say is the food is just sublime. 
I was hoping not to have a let down, being so excited to get a reservation.

The way things started, I thought, oh oh, these first two courses are very small. 
But, the evening did not disappoint. I know I have had a good evening when I am still blown away by a dish I had. Tonight, there were at least three outstanding courses. 

The first course was a wahu, it was very citrus oriented. I drank every drop of it. I forget all that is in it. 
The second was a mackerel dish, with a horseradish focused flavor. But, there were other notes of flavor that popped out, the green apple and cream. You just kept circling around those flavors. 
The first mind blowing course, Duck Confit Cassoulet. You could decipher each lovely flavor at different moments. It was dense and earthy. This was a very memorable course, and portioned just right. Any more and it would have overwhelmed.
Then came the gnocchi. It just melted in the mouth. It was cheesy and the pancetta just added a salty touch to it. The bread crumbs added some texture at times. 

The Wild Blue Catfish was next. And I am not a seafood/fish kind of person. But, this was a nice sized piece of fish. The variety of flavors abounded again. The fish was flaky and expertly cooked. It was delicate. 

The next was a Peking Duck that just makes your head spin. It had three different sauces to try, one with huckleberry a aus jus of the duck and something else. It also had duck heart. I just cannot stop thinking about the combined flavors on this. It also had some kind of hickory powder. It just kept your head spinning. 

Final course was dessert and it was a perfect end of the night. Again, a complex pairing of different flavors. It was outstanding. I wanted more. 

The service is flawless. They keep checking and get things moving along.

The location is small, only 20 seats. Clearly, this place is about the food. It does get a little loud at times. 

The only disappointment of the night, no Chef Elmi outside of the kitchen. I mentioned it was my birthday dinner thinking, maybe he will come out. No, it did not happen. Maybe, if I had a later reservation. 

Overall, this place is outstanding food. The Mackerel, Cassoulet, Gnocchi and Peking duck are worth showing up for alone. The dessert is also memorable.

The Catfish, memorable, I'm just not a fish guy.
I rushed to OpenTable to score a seat right after Chef Elmi won Top Chef, along with the rest of the city, so I had to wait over a month but I knew it would be worth it. When the day finally came, we were not disappointed in the slightest. 
 
Laurel's menu is divided into four recommended courses: cold appetizers, warm small plates, main dishes, and dessert. Having waited weeks for this meal, we knew that we had to have something from each category. The proportions ended being perfect, the service was phenomenal, and our experience was above and beyond our (already high) expectations. 

Starting with cold appetizers, we strategically chose lighter options to leave room for what was to come, and so we opted for the torn New Jersey scallops and albacore tuna. When they came to the table, we were firstly impressed by the presentation. There's a defined elegance in the simplicity of Chef Elmi's work. The torn scallops were presented with sea lettuce and a grapefruit and hot house rhubarb concoction that was poured tableside. The dish is unlike anything we've ever tasted. The tuna was accompanied by horseradish, crispy shallots, Asian pear, and a delectable yogurt sauce. 

If we had to choose, the warm small plates may have been our favorite part of the meal. With three choices in the category, we were fortunate enough able to sample one of each. The roasted shrimp broth was incredibly savory with pumpkin seed, mushrooms, and preserved lemon. The charred Spanish mackerel had crushed mustard seed, jalapeno, and ponzu for classic Asian flavors. Last but certainly not least is one of the stars of Laurel, the heavenly fresh ricotta gnocchi. Since Laurel has opened its doors, everyone has been raving about these little garlicky pillows of cheese, and I'm excited to confirm that the rumors are all true. Sprinkled with crispy pancetta and sourdough crumbs, this dish is really the best gnocchi in the city. 

Our main dishes were no less beautiful or satisfying. When our waitress explained the Berkshire pork was served three ways, we knew we had to try that. Impressed with the seafood so far, we also decided on roasted walu with sunchoke, hazelnut, and apple blossom. Both of these dishes excelled. The pork included slices of loin, tender belly, and a piece of shoulder and cheek with white asparagus, hickory nut pesto, and citrus puree. The walu was simply perfectly cooked.  

For dessert, Chef Elmi personally came to ask us how our meal was and brought our chocolate and caramelized honey pudding with him. With the creamy pudding, bright notes of red wine currant sauce and crunchy cocoa nibs, it was a flavorful and textural treat. We couldn't have asked for a more perfect ending! Needless to say, we can hardly wait to think of an occasion to come back.
Big Thumbs Up!

We first learned about Laurel in September at the 2013 Philly Feastival.  Nicolas served us an outstanding morsel that really got our attention.  We asked for a card and found not only did he not have a card but the restaurant was not even open yet.  We might not remember exactly what he served us that night (there were over 75 restaurants) but we did remember the most important thing, the name Laurel.

This place is hot.  It took us 3 weeks to get a table for two but the wait was worth it.

I started with the raw scallop, apple, sea lettuce and celery.  So refreshing and subtle, the scallop had just a hint of the sea and the broth's citrus brightened the flavors.  It's interesting to have a dish where celery is the most powerful ingredient but works perfectly.  It was a home run.   If foie gras is on the menu she has to order it, no questions asked.  So it was the foie gras and cocoa terrine.  I was surprised to read all the other reviews (after our dinner) about how wonderful the coco foie gras was.  Our palates must not be as refined as the other yelp reviewers as the foie gras was not to our liking.  We ate the entire dish trying to make sense out of it with every bite.  We both felt the coco and blood orange reduction totally over powered the foie gras.  In theory the bitterness of the coco could round out the fattiness of the foie and the blood orange could add a touch sweet acid to the mix.  Unfortunately it just did not work for us.

Her second courses was charred Spanish mackerel, jalapeño and ponzu.  It was not what we expected.  It was charred but perfectly rare (can you describe fish as rare?) in the middle.  Mackerel can be very oily and have a strong flavor but on my first taste I even missed that it was mackerel.  On my second bite I paid more attention and it was like sushi on a fork with a crispy crunch.  We both agreed it was an outstanding dish.   I had the Gnocchi, what can I say that has not been said about these mini-marshmallow sized bites of Heaven.  Take a Top Chef and comfort food made out of pasta, pork, cream and cheese and you get a knock your socks off dish.  I almost ordered a it again for desert.  Our waitress Alice said 4 or 5 people had done that in the past.  If you order one thing a Laurel order the Gnocchi.

For my third course I ordered the Berkshire pork with mashed chestnuts (I am sure they did not call it mashed chestnuts but I can not remember how they described it on the menu.  Think of mashed potatoes made out of chestnuts and you'll know what I am talking about).  This was pork three ways, pork belly (the mother of all bacon), pulled pork in a casing (like a sausage) and pork tenderloin.  The surprise of the dish was how awesome the pulled pork was, the casing retained all it's lovely juices.  This dish was recommended to me by an acquaintance and I would recommend it to any pork lovers it was great.  She had a question about the Ocean Trout entree and asked Alice what exactly was it was and if it was wild or farmed.  We are not big fans of farmed raised fish.  Nicolas came out and filled us in, its other name is  "spotted seatrout" but it is not really a trout.  Its a white fish with a mild favor, slightly flaky texture, wild caught off the coast of North Carolina.  The filet was much thicker then a rainbow trout.  The slightly flaky part was where the fish was seared with the rest of the flesh almost pillowy.  Excellent dish!  

We are not big dessert fans so I was debating another round of Gnocchi but ended up going for the lemon curd with meringue brulee and Buddha's hand.  Of course we had to ask about the Buddha's hand. Alice described it as an Asian fruit that grows with many fingers.  It has a citrus like flavor and is candied to remove some bitterness.  The lemon curd was served over the meringue brulee then topped with meringue chips and slivers of the Buddha's hand.  I really enjoyed the mix of textures, airy meringue brulee, firm lemon curd and the crunchy meringue chips.  It was a very satisfying dessert with a great cup of coffee.  She had the cheese plate that came out as a small plate of two cheese, one hard rind cheese and a brie.  

We had a wonderful night at Laurel and can't wait to go back and try more dishes.  Get your reservations now because you may need to wait for an open table.  This is one place not to miss.

Troy
Well to start I had to make a reservation 2 months in advance and it took me couple hours to get thru and it was the last available for 2 at 5:30. So of course we were looking forward to this dining experience. And the Laurel didn't disappoint.
Its a very intimate setting that feels like one of your culinary friends invited you over for dinner.
The service is very hands on but not intrusive. They do ask you for restrictions and allergies and we don't eat pork, so they had to adjust just one dish for this week's menu for us.
It helps that you can bring a bottle of wine too.
This week's menu 7 course was:
1st
East Coast Sea Urchin, Green Tomato, Cucumber, Ponzu - very refreshing especially on a hot day, servers explain each dish as they bring it over to your table and you can ask questions and discuss with them after you try it.
2nd
Cocoa Cured Foie Gras, Rhubarb, Black Walnut, Strawberry - when you look at the dish it seems very dry but in fact the strawberries compliment the Foie Gras very well to make the dish a mouthwatering delight.
3rd
Wild Burgundy Snails, Mushroom, Roasted and Pickled Spring Onion, Potato Espuma and Chip - comforting emulsion like dish and a chip is delicious too.
4th
Fresh Ricotta Gnocchi, Pancetta, Stinging Nettle, Sourdough - well a lot said about this dish, that's where they substitute a pancetta for bread crumbs for us, still superb dish.
5th
North Carolina Walu, Unripe Apricot, Chanterelle, Swiss Chard, Seaweed Butter - one of the best fishes we tried, very crispy on outside, delicious. 
6th
Roasted Peking Duck, Garlic Scape, Sea Beans, Coffee, Ver Jus - great dish, little unusual duck presentation, but the sauce is sweet and compliments the duck very well.
7th
Caramelized White Chocolate Pudding, Almond Streusel, Rice Pearls, Cherry - that's the least favorite of us, either we were full but it tasted like a peanut butter with a granola, but still very interesting presentation and innovative dish.
Outstanding dining experience and we will be back, their menu is changing every week.
This was a restaurant I bookmarked on yelp for awhile and finally had a chance to try it.  This was a special occasion since my friend is moving away.  I came in with high expectations; however, I left disappointed.  This was listed as one of the top restaurants by foobooz and considering the difficulty it was to even book a table, I really did look forward to this dinner.  If I could use one word to describe the interior, it's SIMPLE.  The restaurant is also small; however, I hear they are expanding next door.  

So this is a 7 course tasting menu.
1.  Hamachi (lacked flavor)
2.  Cocoa cured Foi gras with grapes (frozen and flaky) - I very much enjoyed this dish
3.  Wild burgundy snails - didn't even know that I ate snails, that's all I can say, not a fan
4.  Seared scallops - meh, it was kind of slimy 
5.  Brown buttered arctic char
6.  Corned pork cheek
7.  Caramelized white chocolate pudding
We also ordered the gnocchi on the side ($20 extra).

Overall, it was a pricey meal for the lack of quality in dishes.  I was not wowed by anyone of the dishes.  The dishes were small in portion; however, they were indeed filling by the time you are done the entire meal.  Oh, presentation of the dishes were kind of lacking as well.  If the dishes are small, they usually present it quite well in appearance but nothing to see here, move it along.  Will I be back?  Likely not, i'll take my hundred beans elsewhere with the many choices available in Philadelphia.
I dined at Laurel some time ago (in April), so I won't go into the details of the meal.

All I'd like to say is that my dinner there - with 3 other guests and each of us ordering 3-4 dishes and a dessert - was the best meal I've had in Philly in a very long time. It rivaled the meals I've had at my favorite, non-BYO, French restaurant who shall not be named...and all for under $80 per person.

I will go back as soon as I can plan months ahead and get a reservation.

If you are lucky enough to have the chance to dine at Laurel do not pass it up. You will not be disappointed.
Based on the reviews I've read, I'll try not to repeat as I agree with the majority - service and food rocks!

I disagree with the guy who had a beef with the music - I rather liked the dichotomy of the casual/formal atmosphere created here.  It kept it classy without being stuffy

However, I digress... a departing patron nudged my party of 4 to get the tasting.  He was right, we didn't regret it!  If my memory serves to butcher this dizzying array:

brandade
scallop
tuna
foie gras
mackerel
gnocchi
trout
wagyu beef
oyster gelee
citrus curd
white chocolate pudding?  There was chocolate nib in there somewhere...

I apologize I can't go into too much detail as others, being robbed of my senses of smell and hearing to an awesome cold.  From what I could taste culminated with my friends' responses, some courses were an immediate hit, some challenged us to try something not in our color wheel, but all in all were pretty successful.

In keeping with the casual/formal vibe, the staff were great, managing to be both personable and efficient so effortlessly.  Our server was so sympathetic to my congestion, he added the Maitake, Hazelnut, Preserved Lemon, Lemongrass Chicken Broth just for me!  Also, for a Saturday, the fact that Chef Nicholas delivered and introduced at least one course to every table and chatted and had photos snapped, yet still seem pretty unassuming and down to earth, is an admirable feat.

You may want to put in a reservation now if you want to get a table in the spring.. I may just to try the rest of the menu... when I'm feeling better:)
Wow! For just opening, this place seems to be running perfectly. The service was impeccable. The food was fantastic. We had the sheepshead fish that has a crispy skin. YUM!! The gnocchi and the white chocolate pudding will also blow your socks off. I hope this guy wins Top Chef because he deserves it!
I had very very high expectations for Laurel because I have heard so many great things! In general, Laurel did not fail to disappoint, but at the price point and with its revered status, I was surprised it disappointed even the slightest. 

I admit part of my fluster was the result of not preparing. I got to the restaurant and say down. Was greeted with a glass of water, but no drink menu. For a second, I thought, wait, is this a BYO? It turns out it was. I texted my date and ran to the liquor store. As it turned out though, it's a BYO and has a drinks menu. But because I wasn't approached with that quickly, I panicked. It was a long day. My stress led me, but a little more expedient service would have helped. Nevertheless, the wait staff was understanding and helpful. I went with the wine tasting (birthday!).

Maybe it was my ignorance of French cuisine (and I am not that clueless, actually), but I was surprised at the fish-forward menu. Kombu-bring kampachi and sea urchin were our first items. Delicious and refreshining. The sparkling Caberbet Franc was a great pairing. That glass of wine also served the succulent foie gras torte (a single, delicious bite).

The fish continue after for the next two courses; this felt surprising (and it was a bit much for my date), but I enjoyed it. My date didn't care for the Maine scallop, but crusted with lobster I loved it. She thought it felt a bit slimy. Reisling was great with it.

The stone bass with the sake was really a nice touch too. I was very satisfied with the wine and food at that point, but still thought it was surprisingly fishy. The food was well-prepared, but I actually thought another vegetable-centered dish would have balanced it better.

The pumpkin veloute with the duck confit (my favorite) was really wonderful. The gamay wine that came with it was elegent too. 

Finally the lamb neck with the big red merlot from NJ was a nice cap to the meal. I was full, but there was still dessert.

And I enjoyed it, but it was not as satisfying as the rest. It was very cool--how often do you eat a homemade gummy bear made of New Jersey apples? But not very satisfying. A lot of cute touches (sorbet, chocolate, marshmallow, fudge), but lacked a centerpiece and some focus. Tiny sweet bites is fine, but I was surprised nevertheless. The ice cider was great, though.

So that's Laurel. Renown and nearly perfect. Not quite though. Still recommended, but if you have an annual splurge, this is one isn't absolutely perfect for it.
Had a marvelous dinner at this VERY BYOB-friendly restaurant, where we brought bottles of Hakkaisan Junmai Ginjo Sake, 2011 Le Cailleret Puligny-Montrachet "La Pousse d'Or," and an amazing 1989 Château Lynch Bages (Pauillac) Red Bordeaux (arguably the best vintage of Lynch Bages ever).  We had a wonderful combination of food, which the kitchen chose for us, and they were sensitive to both allergies and aversions - the first time we've been asked the more applicable/logical "aversion" question.  I'm not allergic to chilies, I just don't like them.  What did we eat?

Rhode Island Razor Clam, Trout Roe, Cucumber,  Frozen Buttermilk:  80/100 - tasty, nice cucumber taste, the coldness of the buttermilk component added real interest!

Cured Foie Gras, Kohlrabi, Black Walnut:  95/100, lets a person know COLD foie gras can be delicious, too!  Nice textures, foie gras was very creamy and delicious, and a GENEROUS portion was served.

Wild Burgundy Snails, Shiitake, Spring Onion, Potato:  100/100 - kudos!  Everything about this dish was a delight for the palate, and the foam was such a rich and delicious treat, light, but also rich and creamy.

Maryland Crab, Sea Urchin Custard, Day Lily, Truffle Broth: 90/100, really enjoyed the black garlic croutons, crunchy, crispy, tasty, a real treat!

Halibut Cheek - sorry, the full written description isn't on our text copy - 90/100 - nice crispy crust and properly cooked, a bit sweet, (delightfully so) and still moist.

Lamb Neck, Patience Dock, Stinging Nettle, Wood Ear Mushroom: 100/100 - and we had it paired with A5 Miyazaki beef.  We loved both equally, and that's a real compliment to what the kitchen did with the lamb!  (and another 100/100 for the Miyazaki beef!)

Vanilla-Fromage Blanc Panna Cotta, Delaware Strawberries, Basil - 70/100 - tasted good, but nothing amazing or inspiring.  Paired with a 2007 Selbach-Oster Riesling from the Mosel, in Germany.

Alpha Tolman cheese, Almond Crumble, Huckleberry: 90/100 - nice accompaniment for the 10-year-old Cossart Gordan Bual Madeira, a firm Appenzeller-styled 8-11 month old cows-milk cheese with a washed natural rind made by Jasper Hill Farm in Vermont.  The cheese was so notable I'm including a link to a pdf from the maker's website, if yelp! allows me to:
http://www.jasperhillfarm.com/s/Alpha-Tolman.pdf

The service was impeccable.  They took very good care to keep our glasses supplied with appropriate amounts of the different wines we enjoyed, poured us the types of water we wanted, and were very attentive without being intrusive.  We could have enjoyed things better without the couple drinking Coca-Cola next to us, but you can't take points off for something like that.  We'd also like to note that nobody introduced herself or himself to us, the meal was all about us, and not about the staff, and while we quite liked everyone working there who waited on us, it was great not to have the added element of introductions that other restaurants have done, and which sometimes gets the dining experience to be a bit too much about the server.  One particular Chicago restaurant comes to mind, see my other reviews, I'm sure you can pick it out.

So, all-in-all, we are pleased to say we'd score this fine restaurant a favorable 91.5/100.  If you're lucky enough to get a reservation, be prepared to be wowed!
My S.O. got us reservations to Laurel as part of my Christmas present. I was thrilled to go. We've been following Chef Nicholas on Top Chef this season and have been really pulling for him. His food always looked good, but we were anxious to taste it for ourselves. 

The restaurant is located in the old Fond location in Passyunk East, and is a tidy, intimate space with big comfy chairs. There was plenty of room to get around between the neat, wooden tables. My only complaint about the decor was that the tables seemed a bit high. For someone that is 6 foot tall, I had trouble comfortably raising my elbows above the table to eat my meal. It's not a big deal, but a minor annoyance. But perhaps this was a purposeful design choice to bring the food closer to the eyes, nose, and mouths of the diners.

The menu is set up in 4 courses, a cold app, warm app, main, and dessert. On the weekends, Chef prepares a prix fixe tasting menu. I think it was ~$70 for a 7-course meal, with many options from the normal menu and some experimental dishes. Since my date and I had dishes in mind (and she has some dietary restrictions), we went with the standard menu.

I ordered the tuna crudo, ricotta gnocchi, ocean trout, and the citrus curd. My date had the scallop crudo, mackerel,  Walu, and chocolate pudding. I enjoyed all the food we had and especially loved the variety of fish options. For me, the highlights were the tuna curdo, the mackerel, and the ocean trout. The tuna was well seasoned, but still tasted of the sea and was the perfect thickness and cut. There was playfulness with a cold dish that had even colder components. The mackerel was just a bit oily and fishy (like it should be), but also had that fresh, deep ocean savoriness. Some people are a bit afraid of mackerel, but this was superb. Similarly, the ocean trout was very well cooked with crispy skin, and served over with interesting sauces. The snails were a bit bland, but the turnips really complemented the firm white fish well.

My dining partner loved the gnocchi, but I found the texture to be a bit too soft, and it didn't seem fit with the rest of the meal, which was an exercise in subtle flavors, interesting ingredients, and plays on temperature and texture. The gnocchi was very good, but it was a one dimensional delivery vessel for lots of cheese and pork fat. I also didn't love her raw scallops. I found them to be too fishy for my tastes, but that's a personal thing as scallops kinda gross me out.

All in all, the food was great, atmosphere was inviting, the service attentive and I even got a brief word in with the chef. I like that it's BYO, which really help keep the cost down. We can't wait to come back when the menu changes (hopefully in the spring)
Despite Laurel's accolades, I came in with pretty low expectations.  Leading up to our reservations, I tried calling during their regular hours to confirm a few things - most of the time, nobody even picked up.  That was not a good sign for a place named the number one restaurant in philly.  

Despite these hiccups, the dinner was fantastic.  All of the dishes (with the exception of the squab) was fantastic in presentation and execution.  The frozen foie gras was wonderful and felt like an indulgent dessert.  

Having eaten at even pricier establishments, including Per Se,  I think this place is just as good.  There are less bells and whistles than some of these fancier restaurants.  But the food is still innovative and most importantly, tastes amazing.  I'd go back.
I finally made it to Laurel the other night and it exceeded my expectations. Service was perfect: personable and friendly yet professional and knowledgeable. To start I had the torn scallops which were bright & refreshing.  I sampled the albacore tuna which I actually preferred over the scallops.  Next up were the gnocchi. WOW, absolute BEST gnocchi I've ever had, hands down (actually, one of the best things that I've ever eaten overall).  They were so good that I tried to eat them as slowly as possible to prolong the deliciousness.  They were pillowy perfection.  For the 3rd course I chose the beef (brought to the table by Chef Nick Elmi himself!) and it too was delicious.  For dessert I had the white chocolate pudding which was described by our server as kind of a play on cereal & milk.  Well, it was the tastiest "cereal" I've ever had.  It too was a dish that I ate as slowly as possible, savoring each bite.  When dinner was over, my friend pretty much summed it up when she said "I'm sad it's over!".  We were only half joking when we said we wanted to order more gnocchi.

I'm glad I made that reservation when I did since Laurel is pretty well booked up months into the future.  Don't let that discourage you though.  Make that reservation & count the days till you get to go to Laurel and eat the best gnocchi of your life.
I took my boyfriend here for his birthday because it just opened and I figured it would be fun to try something new to celebrate. Maybe because this was in Fond's old space, forcing some high expectations, but the restaurant was just really good, it was not great. 

A few dishes blew our minds, specifically the Fresh Ricotta Gnocchi and the Caramelized White Chocolate Mousse. Both of these are must haves if you go to Laurel. The gnocchi was hearty, savory and melted in your mouth. I was so surprised we enjoyed the mousse, neither of us like white chocolate, but it was absolutely amazing. It tasted fresh, light and airy-- my perfect dessert. Additionally, the chocolate short bread and fresh figs were the perfect compliments. I would go back and just get both of those dishes because they were that good.

As for the other dishes we ordered, they were delicious, but I was slightly underwhelmed. My boyfriend said certain cuts of his pork were overcooked (it was cooked four ways - apparently certain ways were better than others). I ordered the daurade (a type of fish that I have never eaten before) and it was really good, I mean I could never cook anything remotely as good as it, but it was not "oh my good that was amazing" good. 

Overall it was a great experience, the dishes looked beautiful and the service was phenomenal. I will definitely go back, but there are other restaurants on Passyunk that I think are worth returning to before I go back to Laurel again.
If you are a vegetarian, please do not dine here. In general, I stay away from French restaurants as a vegetarian. However, after reading the reviews of Laurel, I didn't think it qualified as your typical French restaurant that would not cater to a vegetarian who enjoys delicious food and I decided to celebrate my wedding anniversary here. That was a terrible decision! My entire meal consisted of mere meat substitutions for each dish - my husband would receive a dish on the planned menu, and my dish would be the same thing with the meat replaced with broccoli or endive or sometimes nothing at all! Absolutely no thought to a separate vegetarian tasting menu taking into account what actually pairs well with the vegetable(s) being showcased. It was just terrible. Honestly, can't believe I paid for this meal. Terrible end to a great anniversary. Vegetarians who enjoy delicious food that is not an afterthought or substitution (or complete omission) please avoid. There are plenty of other restaurants in Philadelphia who respect vegetarian food. The best part of my meal was the wine I brought myself!
Philly Mag's #1 restaurant, and rightfully so!! 

My husband surprised me with dinner reservations at Laurel for my birthday... Granted it was 3 weeks after my actual birthday, but that was the soonest he could get. Laurel certainly lived up to the hype. The service was attentive and outstanding, the food was amazing. Chef Nick Elmi finds a way to make ordinary ingredients taste and look extraordinary.

We had the tasting menu: 
- Fluke - Absolutely loved the citrus notes in this dish paired with the fluke and radish. Off to a great start!
- Arctic Char - Served with green apples, shallots, and horseradish. MMMM. Sounds crazy, I know, but it was frozen horseradish and it made the dish.
- Duck Confit Cassoulet - CRISPY CHICKEN SKIN. Need I say more?? (Okay, there was a quail egg and white bean espuma involved.)
- Gnocchi - I'm typically not a gnocchi person since I don't care for cheese, but the gnocchi was fantastic. It was so light and enjoyable.
- Catfish - Served with an almond bread and coconut clam broth... Delicious is an understatement.
- Pork Stuffed Pork, Braised Belly - SO tender. OMG. It basically melted in our mouths.
- Chocolate pudding with cocoa, puffed grains, and cranberry - With a birthday candle and served by Chef Nick himself!!! 

Throughout the entire night, our server made sure that our glasses were never even 1/3 empty, and he conversated with us every now and then. Oh my goodness, and the plating? Not only was the meal superb, but all of the dishes were seriously plated so well... Two thumbs up on presentation.

Guys. Call now. Secure your spot for two months from now while you can.
I've tried many multi-course meals but this one, impressed me and totally blew me out of the water. Hands down, the best dining experience I've had. And it's BYOB. C'mon.

Our meal consisted of the following: Hiramasa with mountain rose apple, chamomile, horseradish "snow." This was such an interesting mix of temperature/flavors -- the horseradish snow itself had such an intriguing sensation. It had a kick but then the fine shavings of ice cooled it all down, along with the tender hiramasa that totally melts the flavors all together.

We also had the option of adding the ricotta gnocchi to our meal for an extra charge. We noticed that a lot of the tables around us were having this dish so we said YES. I didn't know gnocchi could be this light but textured at the same time. Chef Elmi came out to top the dish off with some grated black truffle....I wish I could eat this every day. 

The other dishes consisted of the finely shaved cocoa foie gras -- gently mixed with granola, and champagne grapes. My boyfriend isn't a huge fan of foie gras to begin with but this was in the top 3 dishes of the night. I loved the buttery-ness of the foie gras along with the crunch of the fresh grapes and sweetness of the granola. Then the wild Burgundy snails, shitake and maitake mushroom, spring onion - this dish truly defines "earthy" when describing food. 

Then out came the seared scallops, crispy chicken skin, heart of palm, dashi, and herb puree. This was my boyfriend's favorite dish -- clearly when he tried to wipe the dish clean :) Next was the icelandic cod, pine nut puree and black trumpet mushrooms, then the braised pork cheek, pumpkin puree, roasted butternut squash, lemon zest, and then dessert!! ----caramelized white chocolate pudding, almond streusel, puffed rice, cherries - not too sweet, which I loved very much. 

Chef Elmi himself, who is a Top Chef winner, came around the dining tables to see how everything was -- and because we were the last diners to finish their courses -- we even had the opportunity to chat with him. It was so great to see such a humble man really care about the overall experience of his diners at his establishment. His staff were also wonderful, friendly and very knowledgeable. I'd go back in a heart beat :)
Swooning from last nights dinner. Had the tuna, gnocchi, pork, and pudding and I loved every bite of all of them. The creative flare served a flavorful purpose and wasn't just there for show. Service was on point, from the explanations of dishes to the BYO wine pours,  and dietary restrictions were accommodated. I can't believe how small this place is, though tables are spaced out so you don't feel the effects.
Outstanding experience.  Most have covered this bonafide star BYOB so I'll highlight a few points:

- maitre d provides a warm and polished greeting
-service is perfectly balanced between attentiveness without interrupting the pace of the meal.  Very well trained staff
- the space is warm, cozy and intimate
- chairs are super comfy!

Let's get to the food!
- perfect portions - you'll eat rich tastes flavors and textures but won't leave feeling gross
- excellent pacing - at no point did I feel either rushed or bothered that something was not out fast enough
- very good bread and butter - 5/5 according to my french dining partner

We split a number of items.  Here's a quick tally:
- Boston Bibb lettuce with white anchovies - loved this.  I'm a salad snob and this was tops
- sun artichoke - less familiar with this but gorgeous dish and and nice bright sweetness to it
- albacore tuna - raw dish done very well.   The wasabi and apple slices perfectly complemented the fish.  The plate itself was freezing, however, and I think they took the temperature a bit too cold which affected the first two bites (it got better later)
- gnocchi - what else can be said?  I don't eat much pasta but this was haute comfort food in a great portion size
- waloo - perfectly crusted buttery fish.  The sauce americanaise was an interesting twist 
- sea bream - really loved this.  Crispy and went so well with the cauliflower and potatoes.  The delicious sauces speak to the french training
- cheese plate - Brie from Vermont and bleu from France were outstanding.  There was one other cheese that did not stand out.  I liked the honeycomb and the bread had a sweetness to it as well
- chocolate pudding - this was a very rich dessert.  One bite was enough for me. Deep luscious chocolate flavor with some bite from dried raspberries on top and a crunchiness akin to chocolate Rice Krispies
I went there for NYE, so my review may be different than some of the other reviews because the menu was be different than the normal menu.  It was one of the best meals I have had in a long time.  Them meal was a seven course fixed menu.  From start to finish, I was impressed with every dish, except one, and that dish was good...just not as good as the rest.  As most people know, the gnocchi is AMAZING at Laurel.  It was one of the best pasta dishes I have ever eaten.  It even topped the cacia pepe from Amis.  I wanted to get an entire bowl of the gnocchi.  I would go back just for the gnocchi.  The tasting had four seafood dishes, one meat course one pasta, and two desserts.  I can not wait to go back!!
Often when dining in the high end range, there is a lot of pressure.   Not just for the staff at the restaurant, but for the diner themselves,  one has to prepare for a fine dining experience.  I feel being in the right mindset, being prepared, (having good wine, making the res for a good time on the right day,), i feel all of these things can set up success "  " from the beginning.   Now don't get me wrong, at the end of the day, the food and the service is all that matters, but as diners we can help ourselves out and the places we visit by doing our part so that all together, the diners, the hosts, servers, chefs, etc.. can all do what they do and just let the symphony begin.  Well I was seated front row at the Philadelphia Philharmonic last night at Laurel in a cozy spot on East Passyunk Ave on a cold damp night and witnessed and was a part of a visceral symphony like none that had ever come before.    

At first glance, the dining room is sparce, clean and on the smaller side, cozy some might say, (i love these types of rooms, i'm not there to be awed by your walls or your expensive paintings, im there to do damage). The service from jump was so warm and helpful, my dining partner and i had some old beautiful wine with us, our host made sure to take her time and to open it properly and helped us ease in to the madness to come.   As the wine began to breathe and we settled in to look over the drink menu, we sat back in our extremely comfortable dining chairs (Biig time plus!) and readied ourselves for what was to come... 

This is a pre fix menu and you are totally putting yourself in the chef's hands, and honestly i think it's the best way to dine, IF, the chef knows how to pace the meal and IF the chef knows how to not kill you with going overboard.   This Chef is a total pros pro, you can see he is someone who truly cares about the customer experience and in every possible way.   An amuse arrived first, and then the 8 dishes began to hit the table paced out beautifully, never feeling rushed, never having to wait too long for the next.  There were many hit songs played, we had never heard them on the radio anywhere before! The cocoa cured foie, the scallop, the venison (possibly the greatest dish of my life) , gnocchi so small and beautiful with a generous snow shower of fresh black truffles shaved by the Chef himself, (gasp), the wagyu, honestly there were more and i should name them all but i won't.  And they will undoubtedly change and wouldn't you want them to, this man and his team, they are artists, their medium is food.

  I haven't seen or eaten food this exciting ever.  Never in Philly, that's for sure.  I'd been wanting to get in here for quite a while and this was building for a time, making the decision to go here, to step into a "new and unknown" level of culinary whatnot in our town and in general... I never believe in rankings or ratings and judging one place against another, its silly, i just like to read what everyone has to say and then go and make my own judgement for myself.     I don't feel you can hear someone else's review of a book or a movie let a lone a dining experience and really get any feel for whats going on, you gotta try it yourself.  If you love spectacular food, and spectacular service, and if you want you have your mind bent back in the process... Go to Laurel, you won't be disappointed.  5 out of 5 (hee hee), there should be a 6th.
Laurel has won many awards and is agreed by many to be currently the best restaurant in Philadelphia. I had my eyes on it for a while and when the May reservations opened up two months prior, I was on the phone ASAP to secure my table for graduation weekend - naturally, expectations were sky high. It should be noted that they now only serve their tasting menu. Overall, the food was innovative and amazing, but unfortunately for me, lacked balance in the overall tasting menu with its heavy feature of seafood and white fish. I know that the restaurant must choose the best seasonal ingredients, but this imbalance is what is preventing me from giving them a perfect rating, as much as I really want to.

The first course was a uni (sea urchin) on a bed of kohlrabi puree with granola. Though it was only a bite, the kohlrabi beautifully highlighted the umami of the uni. The granola provided the extra crunch for interest.

The second course was a cured mackerel with freeze-dried horse radish (wasabi-like flavor), almonds, and apples. This was possibly my favorite course. The chilly sensation of the horseradish ice was a nice compliment to the fish, which was full of the salty sea flavor and without the usual stink of a mackerel. Very well executed!

The third course was a smoked cod on a potato puree with spring onions. This was delicious, but a very safe and plain dish. When recalling the dishes with my boyfriend, this was the only one we could not remember.

The fourth course was what our waitress called a restaurant favorite, a fresh ricotta gnocchi with pancetta and sourdough croutons. This "gnocchi" was very creamy and lacked the chewiness I associate with the dish. However, if you can get over that, it was a very welcome break from seafood. 

The fifth course was a Carolina Walu (white fish, sadly again), with a rhubarb sauce and nori beurre blanc. My dad very much enjoyed this dish, and it was indeed another beautifully seared piece of fine fish. This one was fishier than the others, which as a Japanese person, I welcomed but it might not be everyone's cup of tea. I appreciated the innovation of pairing rhubarb with fish.

We had a choice between duck and veal for our sixth course. I chose the duck and it was phenomenal! There was a slice of tender breast and a piece of duck heart. Both were seasoned perfectly and highlighted the flavor of the duck very well. I had a bite of my boyfriend's veal, and it was mindblowingly tender - the softest veal I've ever had. I wish I could have enjoyed the chefs' skills with meat more if they cooked these dishes so well.

Lastly, the seventh dessert course was the white chocolate pudding. This was perhaps the biggest portion throughout the meal. Though the men at the table may have been somewhat hungry with the smaller portions prior to this course, the dessert seemed to fill them up. The sour notes of the cherries and elderberries complemented the sweet pudding very well.

All in all, I really do wish I could give Laurel a perfect rating but it did leave me wondering that I may have had a better time if I had visited during the time when they had their ala carte menu!
We went to Laurel last week, I was blown away by the ingredient quality and execution. There are very few restaurants in the Philadelphia area at this level, Vetri comes to mind. 

When you go, I highly recommend getting the gnocchi and wagyu beef additions. I've been very disappointed by wagyu beef in the past, but the beef at Laurel was the real deal. 

The service was attentive, and our server was pretty knowledgable, but it was not to the level I would expect considering the price tag. I'm ok with really good food in a bare bones setting, but the service execution should match the quality of the meal.
So I've had Nick Elmi on my radar for a little while now. I think I first tasted his food at a competition in 2012 called Hop Chef and then I ate at Rittenhouse Tavern a couple of times. Then Rittenhouse closed and I didn't hear about Nick until he was on Top Chef. While I watched him compete on Top Chef I couldn't help but remember my previous experiences with his food and agree with what I was seeing on the show. Namely that he was super technically talented and creative but his food was sometimes more complex and technical than amazingly flavorful.. and yes I remember thinking that he had his seasoning off a bit too.

My meal at Laurel last night was nothing like that. Well, it was highly technical, but Flavorful? Definitely. Seasoned? Um I don't know what I was thinking before. Maybe Nick was handcuffed while at Rittenhouse and couldn't cook what he wanted. I have no idea. Clearly this guy can cook. 

My friends and I ate on a Saturday which has no a la carte options and just a tasting menu for $75pp. Personally, in a situation like this when I really want to see what a chef can cook, I like the tasting menu. I like knowing that it's what he or she wants to present me. 

So we sat down pretty much on time and the place, although really small, felt very comfortable and spacious. The chairs were comfy and the table wasn't too crowded at all. Alice, our server took all of our wine and we let her decide what to open when and she did a great job matching our drink with the courses as they came out.

The service overall was really attentive the whole meal and we were always made to feel welcome by everyone that we interacted with. As an early example, two of our party had food issues. One was a pescatarian and another had a dairy issue. We had let the restaurant know in advance about the dairy but forgot to tell them about the non meat eater (totally my fault). They were able to accommodate with no problem at all. But it wasn't that they were able to accommodate something like that on the fly it was that they did it with a smile and made us feel like "no big deal, we got you.. Just sit back and enjoy the night". Our service (and later on Nick himself) really proved that throughout the night.

To start we got some amazing house made brown butter and some sourdough bread to go with it. I'm kind of weird in that I feel if a restaurant doesn't care enough to make the bread and butter work well then they don't care about the details and for the most part this has proven true. The bread and butter last night ruled.

Food : Everything was really, really good. There was no time when we were like "Oh, this was amazing but the last course wasn't in the same ballpark". The entire meal was very well done and perfectly portioned and it progressed nicely. Another thing that I found really exceptional was that each course came at just the right time. We never felt rushed and we never were wondering when the next course was coming. I've said this before: service makes the meal. And that was reinforced last night. 

I don't have much space so I'm not going to get into detail on the courses or all the details and the little flourishes and ingredients but I will say that nothing was on the plate that didn't seem to belong there and everything on each dish completed the other things on the dish to make each one really balanced.

Of the entire 8 courses (amuse bouche included), three really made me happy : 

My #3 was this cool crab dish with a melon yuzu sauce of some kind. They poured it at the table. What ended up happening was a kind of cold soup course but it was much more than that. 

My #2 was the gnocchi that I think is a copy of the one Elmi used in Top Chef. This was our tables favorite and it was a close second for me. The texture of the pasta was amazing and the flavor of the sauce was really excellent. 

And my favorite was this Arctic Char. Mostly because of the technical excellence in the way it was cooked. The skin was crispy and the fish was perfectly cooked. Super flavorful.

Overall a really excellent meal (and I've had my share of good food) and really fairly priced at $75.

So, one last thing. Going back to the duck course... One of us had never eaten duck so she was going pretty slowly in comparison to all of us (who had cleared our plates pretty quickly). It was at this point that Nick came over and said hello and before any of us could reply he looked at our friend and said "was the duck ok for you? Should I cook something else for you?" And he wasn't just saying that, he was completely serious. She didn't test him on it and instead asked for a photo (she's a big fan) and with no hesitation Nick came over to her and posed. Such a gracious host and nice guy. It was clear he really enjoyed making people happy with food and wasn't just in it for the money or fame or whatever. He just appears to love to cook and I hope he does it just like this for a long long time.
SYNOPSIS: For the price, Laurel lacks creativity and fails to achieve the same culinary punch as the chef once had at Le Bec Fin. If you are looking for fine dining French that will deliver consistently solid dishes without any duds, I would recommend Lacroix. 

To begin, it took the waitress about 15 minutes to come over to our table and ask what we would like to drink. We ordered wine, but it took us ~27 minutes (I timed it) to get our wine after we had ordered it. By that time, we had already finished a mouse and our first course. Our waitress was also rather gauche and came off as snooty and standoffish throughout the meal. My Girlfriend and I never felt comfortable during the meal as a result despite the cozy ambiance. 

**Anyhow, the 3 star rating is based on the food alone**

The first course was Raw Spanish Mackerel with a green spice and thin crispy chip that contained the only flavor on this otherwise bland dish. However, it was not just the lack of flavor that made this dish unspectacular: rather, one piece of the Mackerel itself tasted fishy while the other piece, though not fishy, had either been cut improperly or was just unbearably sinewy. 

The second course was the hand torn scallops served over some sort of white French mother sauce and accompanied by assorted vegetables. This dish was pretty good in terms of the actual flavor profiles, textures, and the scallops themselves were absolutely  delectable. For me, the problem is that the scallop should have been the hero on the plate -- however, it was torn to shreds quite literally to the point where each remnant of what used to be a scallop was too small and allowed the other components of the dish to overwhelm it. 

The third course of snails was by far the most creative in my mind. The snails were served in a diaphanous white foam -- quite  literally submerged in it as taking a bath. To contrast the overall soft texture of the dish, it came with a delicious preserved chip that provided the right texture and flavor contrast to give the dish a memorable burst. No complaints here! 


Next, we had ordered the ricotta gnocchi for $55 more (which is supposedly what they are known for). As both an Italian citizen and someone who has worked in the kitchen at a fine dining Italian restaurant, this dish was quite simply poorly executed. I will give them credit for the house made gnocchi themselves which were delectably light but that would, unfortunately, not be enough to salvage this dish from the heavy hand of the chef. The white cheese sauce was just far too powerful for this dish (or any for that matter) with an acidic aftertaste that easily overwhelmed the thinly shaved truffles  --- in fact, you could barely taste any truffles in the dish as a result of the sauce!! If it were a plate in the tasting menu, I would have been disappointed. At $55 more-a-pop, it felt like a ripoff. 

For the fifth course, it was an Arctic char in a Bechemal sauce with an almond butter and crispy chips. While I am not a fan of Arctic char, the dish is sure to please those who like it as my girlfriend was a big fan. Even I could appreciate the flavor combinations here which were unique and complemented the fish nicely. 

For the sixth course came the Chicken. The chicken was excellent. It is hard to WOW with chicken but theirs was cooked impeccably and served with a natural jous that gave it the flavor it often lacks in other restaurants and when we cook it at home. 

As the final course, we were served the venison which was good but not great. While cooked properly, it simply lacked flavor. Perhaps the sauce it came with would have made it better, but I would not know there was only a tiny drop of it on the plate, barely enough to wet your tongue. 

No matter, we ordered the wagyu beef for an additional $55 that came out with this course. This was the highlight of the meal in my opinion. I have had real Kobe and Wagyu at many places -- this chef, unlike many, did it justice. The wagyu was cooked to perfection with an amazing, crispy sear on the outside while preserving the juices and rareness of the inside. Think of very well done "Pittsburgh rare" without any discernible burnt flavor on the outside. 

The deserts provided an underwhelming finish to the meal. There were several small bites. One was an lemon ice cream which was for too citrusy for my liking and another a chocolate mousse with caramel which was too sweet to take more than a lick before setting it aside. In addition, they brought out marshmallows and toasted them in front of us for a few second as if that would make an underwhelming marshmallow delicious --- it does not. 

All in all, we did damage of ~$400. For that price, we should have had the meal of our lives. Unfortunately, this is not even in the top 5 meals I have had in Philadelphia. 

For the price, you are better doing the tasting menu at Lacroix for $105 a person or perhaps even Vetri for $155 a person
Oh my goodness!! Ok, so Laurel definitely deserves to be the #1 restaurant in Philly. Key takeaways for when you go : 

1.) it's a BYOB! And of course.. I forgot to grab the wine (ooopps !) but the staff was so nice, they ended up offering us their house wine they had in the back.. My husband ended up enjoying a few glasses. :) 

2.) Chef tasting is a must! It's a magical journey, starting first with the light dishes,  transitioning course by course to the heavier ones. We splurged.. We ended up getting an extra dish added on as well (Risotto with grated black truffle, served by the one and only, top chef).   

3.) What the Duck?! I'm usually not a huge duck fan.. Only because I've had it so many times where it's usually not good.  They served us this duck entree with sunchoke, onion, huckleberry, and coffee.. OH my GOD. I'll never be able to try duck ever again. It was so amazing, it didn't even taste like duck. The skin was so crispy and salty... Words can't describe.

We also had a duck confit cassoulet, served with quail egg, white bean, and onion ash.. (Sounds confusing as all he!!.. I mean, who the heck knows what a cassoulet is?) But this was an example of how the chef can take something you try to picture in your mind what this dish is going to look like.. And you end up completely wrong :) But, this dish was also unique because out of everything we ate, I felt this one had the most "comforting" taste to it. Being able to combine such "unique ingredients," and make it taste like something you never had before... But also encompass a sort of familiarity (if that makes any sense, I also had the same experience recently with the lamb at Zahav). 

4.) And..in conclusion.. Before I babble on too much... The chef is extremely, extremely nice. The staff and servers were on top of their game without making you feel like you're at some snooty place... The restaurant is in a row home. Intimate enough to so you can have a conversation without the table next to you eavesdropping, and comfortable enough, where if you wanted to wear a blazer you could, or stroll in with a flannel shirt and uggs you could as well (such as myself tonight). 

Now go make a reservation. You'll have to wait 2-3 months before you can enjoy this delicious meal. Happy eating.
Laurel is amazing. The customer service I think is beyond. I wanted to try as many Top Chef places possible and I know that Chef Elmi just won Top Chef and since I wasn't able to make reservations ahead of time (didn't really think through the places I wanted to eat except Volt), I decided to take my changes to tweet at the restaurant and Chef Elmi.  He responded and was able to fit me in at the last seating (9pm!). I felt so lucky. He also came out to every table - or he tried to at the end of every meal delivering the dessert himself. I thought it was a great touch for the restaurant. 

The food - heavenly. 
Bread with Rum Butter: I swear the butter is addicting. Definitely asked for more bread to be able to have more butter. I probably wouldn't have eaten it itself, but definitely delicious with the bread. 
Crab - Probably the least memorable dish on the dinner. Cold soup with some crab, not the best, but not bad either. 
Gnocchi - so delicious. I just had the night before at Ela, but this was so good. Light and bacon and just couldn't be any better. I wish there was about 10x more. 
Beef - If I remember correctly, it came with mashed potatoes that were heavenly. The dish was overall amazing. Beef cooked to perfection. Sauce amazing. Overall I just had an amazing dish that I couldn't believe! 
Caramelized White Chocolate Pudding - Not the best dessert, I wish there was some chocolate cake or something, but pretty good. I enjoyed the puffs that were on top. Creative, but not what I was expecting. 

I will definitely have to make reservations next time I'm in Philadelphia. Or just tweet the chef and hope for the best!
One reason we enjoy visiting Philadelphia is the opportunity to eat at the many small BYOB restaurants.  So far, Laurel is not only the best of the bunch, but the combination of delicious food and gracious, attentive service, made it one of my best ever dining experiences.

We went to Laurel on a Thursday evening so that we could order off the a la carte menu rather than having to do The Chef's Tasting Menu.  While all the food was absolutely delicious, we were glad we only did two courses and a third dessert course.  At the end of the evening we were both totally full and I'm not sure we would have been able to totally enjoy another course.

I started off with the Fresh Ricotta Gnocchi (recommended by the concierge at our hotel, and by the waiter), and my wife started with the Seared Foie Gras.  Both were delicious.  My gnocchi were smooth and light in a wonderful source; I'm afraid we probably ate too much bread that evening just to make sure we didn't leave any of the sauces behind.

For our main courses I had the Hudson Valley Duck Magret and my wife had Pork stuffed Pork.  Again, both were delicious.  Duck is one of my favorite dishes, and one that I have tasted all over the world.  This was the best.  The meat was moist with a wonderful and flavorful charrred exterior.  My wife also enjoyed her pork; the small bit I sampled was moist and delicious.

For dessert, we both ate the Caramelized White Chocolate Pudding, which sounds wonderful, and tastes even better.

Throughout the entire meal, our waiter and the rest of the staff were attentive without being intrusive, making for a relaxing, delicious meal.  I need to return the next time I am in Philadelphia!
*REVIEW CONTINUED*

Before dessert, the Chef came out to see how we enjoyed the meal. I'll just say that Chef Elmi is just as humble as he seems on TV. For more insight, feel free to check out the blog! 

Chef's Daily Selection of Cheese [$9]
Tarentaise, Madurat, Forest Honey

We couldn't help but get the cheese plate. A selection of two cheese were offered including Tarentaise, which is a farmstead cheese, meaning that it's produced from the milk from herds on the farm where the cheese is produced, primarily by hand. Though a semi-soft, the nutty flavors were reminiscent of gruyere and complemented nicely by the sweet forest honey. The GF and I are suckers for goat cheese and the Madurat had all the flavors in spades. Even the "ash" rind was enjoyable and the sweet, creaminess of this mild goat cheese had subtle hints of the innate acidity of the goat's milk. It was perfect to spread on the crusty, buttery cinnamon raisin bread. 

Citrus "Curd" [$8]
Chicory, meringue, Buddha's hand

We also ordered the citrus curd, which was definitely more my style than the GF's. I prefer desserts that aren't overly saccharine and while the buddha's hand added citrus notes in both flavor and scent, the curd wasn't overly sweet. The meringue offered a lightness which was a great bookend to the meal. 

Chef Elmi's Laurel recently received three bells from Craig Laban, but I wouldn't be surprised if a 4th was in order. The entire meal was well-paced and our server Grace was extremely knowledgeable and attentive. Dishes were well-executed, well-seasoned, and most importantly, delicious. If the restaurant wasn't Top-Chef certified, I would still return for a great meal. The fact that it's a BYO is simply a bonus. Pro tip: if you're having trouble getting a reservation, there is a wait list and the occasional cancellation. So don't hesitate to call. Also, do order dessert. There's a high probability that if the Chef is in the kitchen, he'll come out with the dessert to see how the meal was. Because really, it's not the celebrity, but how his food is received. As it should - that's what appears to matter.
This isn't going to be one of those reviews where I list every single dish we were served and review and critique it in exquisite detail. Instead I will just say: if you are considering dining at Laurel, do it. Just go. For real. Go there now*. This meal was so good I legitimately almost cried (though to be fair, due to some serious health issues, for a while there it looked like I may never be able to eat like a normal person again, and now I can. So the crying with joy part was also a little bit for that. But it was mostly about the venison. Oh dear gods the venison.) 

I live a little more than an hour outside of Philly and there's a 100% chance I will be returning to Laurel for the next special occasion I choose to celebrate with an amazing meal. And while I recognize that a meal here isn't exactly cheap, I do consider it a fantastic bargain. Bargain, by definition, meaning value for money. I don't know where you can get a dining experience like this for the price of a meal at Laurel (all in, with wine and generous tip, we paid $150/pp. That's a lot of money for me, personally, to spend on dinner and I regret nothing. And I'll do it again.) 

I will also add some tips: 

Don't arrive early, there's nowhere to wait except the bar next door. Unless you want to have a nice cocktail before dinner. Then arrive early and have a cocktail at the bar next door. 

Bring a nice bottle of wine. They do now have a bar menu (as they also own the bar next door), but it's pricey. I would rather spend the extra money on one of the additions to the tasting menu. (I actually brought a nice bottle of wine with me from home and then left it in our hotel room when we left for the evening. Whoops. My fault. We ordered the cheapest bottle of rose and it was fine, if not anything to write home about.)

If you are not an adventurous eater, go with an open mind. You will not be given a menu at the start (though they give you one with your check so you can recall the dishes you enjoyed in detail) so each course will be a surprise. Personally, I love tasting menus--what's better than each course being a surprise? But this will require a bit of letting go for some people. Be prepared to give up control. It's lovely, I promise. 

Please don't even try to take photos of the dishes. It's a dimly lit space, and your incessant phone flash will annoy the other twelve people in the room while resulting in (I'm assuming) awful, garish flash phone pics of what really is beautifully plated food. Just don't even try. Thanks. 



*Unless 'now' is in the middle of a very hot week, which it was when we visited. It's a tiny space, in a converted row house, so the window/AC situation is not ideal on the evening of a 100 degree day. Still, the temperature did not ruin our enjoyment.
After waiting several months to come here, I was really expecting greatness, and Laurel did not let me down.  The service was fantastic and the restaurant was tiny, but really cozy with comfortable tufted high back chairs.

To start I had the albacore tuna which tasted really fresh with hints of horseradish and pear.  The highlight however was the ricotta gnocchi with crispy pancetta, which tasted like delicious pillows of heaven.  I ate this dish as slowly as possible because I wanted to savor every delicious bite.  The Niman ranch beef was perfectly cooked and also amazing.  Finally for dessert, the caramelized white chocolate pudding with puffed grains, which tasted like an adult version of cocoa puffs, was fantastic.  

I definitely cannot wait to come back. Unfortunately that probably won't be for another 4 months since it's so hard to get a reservation!
I'm not going to get fancy or try to outsmart myself, which has never been a problem for me, with this review. This restaurant is fantastic and the food is delicious, in particular the duck entree and gnocchi second course. The dessert pudding is also decadently delicious fantastic good. I could feel my heart get stronger as I ate the duck heart, cut shaped like a strawberry but it's not, it's duck heart. 

The service is also top of the line, friendly and knowledgeable without an underlying tense fear of a guillotine owner/manager. They were happy and relaxed but not inattentive. 

I can't wait to go back in another 3-5 months, the next time they have openings.
Great wine selection, food was 4.5 stars but the ambience could be better... for a $700 dinner for 2, I'd expect a bit more in ambience, music, candles etc. overall a good experience but not sure it's worth more than $400 for 2...
One of the best dinners I have ever had in my life. Every course was a masterpiece of art and flavor. The waitress was lovely, everything about the experience was incredible. So many combinations I had never tasted before, and special touches like shaved iced buttermilk on a gazpacho type cold soup sprinkled with foraged greens, looked like a miniature gnome could live in this small terrarium, so beautiful and delicious!! I also really appreciated the special detail to cutlery and dishes, for the fish an antique bent knife, for the lamb's neck an orange/white resin knife, the potato foam soup in a grey/white hand thrown artisan bowl, really just everything was so well thought out. Nick the chef/owner even came out and visited the tables, we really appreciated that, it showed his dedication and pride. Highly recommend, this was a lovely evening!
I came to Laurel to celebrate my two-year anniversary. The space is intimate and very beautiful. The staff is incredibly professional and they seemed very excited to share the food, which I loved. I get excited about food! There is nothing bad I can say about Laurel. Every single item that is presented on each plate is cooked to perfection. Each bite is wonderfully flavorful. I loved trying foods that I had never tried before and discovering new textures and flavors. My only gripe is that I was still hungry after a 7-course meal. The portions are incredibly small. But then again, I'm kind of a glutton and I feel fully satisfied when I leave full. I definitely think Laurel is a place to try if you've never been there before!
**This is a delayed post. 

Came here for the hubster's birthday celebration. We had the tasting menu which did not disappoint. 
The restaurant is very small and can accommodate only about 15 maybe 20. We had reservations at 7pm. We arrived on time and were seated promptly. Since it was BYOB, we brought two bottles of our favorite reds. The staff happily opened it for us. 

From the amuse bouche to the tasting menu courses thru dessert, the attention to detail and presentation was very precise. 

They used a lot of local seasonal ingredients and highlighted what was fresh for the season. Sauces were kept simple with focus on the meat and fish being served. 

The dessert and petit fours were great! 

Service was friendly knowledgable and accommodating. I would def love to return to try this place each time their menu changes!
8 course tasting menu

1st course - caviar gazpacho. Salt water 

2nd course - deconstructed soup. 2 bites. Actually not bad

3rd course - corn foam. Best item on the menu, enjoyed it 

4th course - scallop. I usually love scallops. Worst scallops I've ever had. Not edible. 

5th course - fish. Not bad. Came out with a weird sauce

6th course - duck. It was average 

7th course - beef. Came out like a hockey puck. Sent it back waiter agreed it shouldn't be that tough but did nothing about it. Not edible.  

8th course - dessert. Average

Definitely not worth $300. Or even $30. Horrible dining experience all around. Waiter kept apologizing for the disgusting food but did nothing about adjusting anything.
So excited to finally being able to check this restaurant off my list. It is obviously not one that you go to every week, so the experience is definitely very special and personal, and perfect for a big birthday or life event celebration. Yes, it will be over $100 per person, however, you are paying for the overall experience, not just the food. The atmosphere is very intimate, with just a few tables and a very warm and homey atmosphere. The best part is that you just tell the waitress if you have any food allergies and from there everything is taken care of. It is such a fun experience not knowing what is coming next, but knowing that it will be fantastic. There are about 7 courses, with some courses having a couple dishes per course. Honestly, I am not sure what all the dishes were because there were so many, but I remember really loving the urchin corn soup, scallop and bass dishes. They also have a little birthday candle dessert that is very cute. The best part of the experience, is when Chef Elmi himself brings out some of the dishes to each table and says hello. This really makes the whole experience feel extra special. For the final course, there are a number of very tiny and cute desserts to share. After the meal, we felt full, happy and very satisfied with our night. 

Definitely check it out!
There are some people who are fancy and stuck up, some who are stuck up and not fancy, some who are not fancy or stuck up, and some who are fancy yet not stuck up. Laurel is the last one, and that is why you should carve aside an evening to enjoy a meal here. We ducked into the candlelit glowing belly of this adorable French restaurant on a frigid snow-globe-esque evening and escaped the world for a delicious 6-course meal. They offer a 9-course tasting as well, and wine pairings, which will be something to look forward to next time! Thoughts on the food:

1 - cured halibut, fermented strawberry, whipped verjus, horseradish snow: light, refreshing, bright; opened up the palate for the meal to follow; halibut and horseradish stood out and complemented each other. It was fun to eat the snow at the same time it was bitterly falling outside...

2 - braised burgundy snails, melted leeks, black onion crumble: very savory and creamy, kinda like a clam chowder/oyster chowder, perfectly rounded out the first course, equally delicious 

3 - slow roasted tilefish, celery root puree, sauce americaine, calamansi, sweet potato, quinoa: my favorite dish. delicate and tender fish with a light flavor, well supported by the accompaniments; sauce americaine was the highlight, tasted like browned butter and lobster 

4 - roasted quail, endive, winter mushrooms, orange, grilled duck jus: very delicious but almost a teaser - by the time you realized how delicious the quail was, it was devoured. 

5 - roasted venison, osso bucco, carrot, blood orange, pickled green coriander: incredibly tender venison though a little salty, but who am I to nitpick, as if I can cook a better venison; maybe my taste buds have too many salt receptors. 

6 - parsnip paw paw creme glacee, hazelnut, crispy bread: I love parsnip and think it deserves a place not only in savory foods but also in desserts! Loved this light yet creamy preparation of this humble root vegetable, which perfectly complemented the hazelnut, and didn't weigh you down at the conclusion of a phenomenal meal. 

The most amazing thing about Laurel is how friendly and warm the staff are. They make the meal most enjoyable, and for that reason alone you should stop in. Keep in mind that it is a small dining space, so reservations well ahead of time are necessary. Try to come on a "special occasion" because I think you get a candle and people around you get jealous...
I have mixed feelings because I think Laurel is indeed a wonderful dining experience and a must try in philly, but it was a bit hyped up compared to my expectations. There were definitely some fantastic dishes, and each dish was in perfect balance to the overall meal, but individually I feel like some dishes were just subpar. One thing I love is that their service is spectacular and they describe each dish in detail while serving it. They don't tell you the menu beforehand so it's a bit of surprise, and I won't spoil it too much either.

For context, Laurel is a tasting menu for $85 and you have to make reservations far in advance. I came here on a Monday night to celebrate graduation. 

FOOD: 4.5/5 My favourite dishes of the night were the foie gras tart, the bread with crumbled butter (which was more of an accompaniment to the octopus), the duck, and the desserts (esp the chocolate in a pot!) I was slightly disappointed by the sea urchin, which was served with a unique foam that left an interesting texture but not really for my taste. I think each dish was good in itself, but  I just wish it had stood out more. The ingredients are well balanced and definitely high quality, but somehow it was missing a special factor. Desserts were actually some of my favorite dishes though. I was quite full after the dinner, but do be warned that it is a tasting menu so don't expect large American portions. If you're looking for quality over quantity though then you'll be happy!

Maybe my expectations were too high so that it didn't wow me as much as I thought it would, but overall still a very very solid meal and a fantastic way to celebrate graduation. They even gave me a chocolate ganache wrapped in gold foil as a special gift! Highly recommend to try :)
I've been dying to try this place and decided to come here for my birthday.

The restaurant itself is quaint, cute but also cozy. I was sat in the corner and I really appreciated the simple architecture and lighting of the restaurant. Chef Elmi came out to introduce the first dish which I don't remember I was in awe of him, (something with bee balm, crispy rice) but it was delicious! The cute little ceramic bowl that it came in too was so adorable and suiting.

I really didn't know what to expect from this tasting but everything was wonderful. Such great flavor profiles in each dish and I know it says "french cuisine" but there was subtleties of Japanese/Korean flavors too that I really appreciated. I had no complaints about any dish and really loved how unique everything was. It was an incredible dining experience

My favorite dishes had to be the poached lobster, the sea bass, the caviar w/ brioche and the wagyu add on. The poached lobster was rich but not too rich where I got sick of it. The sea bass had such good flavors and the kimchi flavor profile was so spot on I was so impressed. The caviar and brioche seemed simple but the flavors were unforgettable. The brioche really unlocked some childhood nostalgia flavors for me. The Wagyu add on is a must have. The beef was cooked perfectly and melted in my mouth like butter and the twiced baked potatoes were the perfect bite.

All in all, I get the hype over Laurel. It's unique, delicious and you can tell the chefs really care and think about the details of every part of each dish and for that I applaud them because it really shows.
It was just OK.  The dishes were unique, but the flavors were not interesting or impressive enough to warrant the inflated price and small portions.  My girlfriend and I were shocked that we weren't blown away, but we just weren't.  If you're gonna fork over $150+ per person, you're better off going to Vetri.  If you're looking for great French, then I would recommend Good King Tavern or Townsend instead.
I was finally able to make a reservation at Laurel and it was worth the wait! Laurel was delicious!!! I ate at laurel tonight (Wednesday night) so was able to order from the regular menu and not the prefix. My fiancé and I ordered the duck and the gnocchi from the 2nd course menu and the trout and the pork from the 3rd course menu. The gnocchi was out of this world, a texture that I have never tasted before. The duck cassoulet was amazing! Perfect for this cold night. The pork and trout were delicious! For dessert, they ran out of the lemon poppy seed cake so we had the white chocolate pudding, which was soooo good (kind of glad they were out of the cake)! And Nick Elmi was walking around the restaurant to ask tables how their meal was. A great, small gem on Passyunk!
Okay, so I don't watch Top Chef and didn't have any expectations about this restaurant before dining. It appears that some of these reviews are biased upwards just because they ate at a top chef restaurant. I couldn't care less about that as I only care about the taste. Overall, I have had better. Hate to be the downer with the 3 star review, but reading these reviews below seem over-hyped. 

Total dishes tried included the Scallop (singular), Albacore tuna, mackerel, gnocchi, Niman ranch beef and the walu fish, the chocolate pudding and citrus curd dessert. 

The Albacore tuna dish was exceptional. It was raw, had bits of crusty stuff and horseradish sauce making it a fantastic combination of texture and flavor. The Gnocchi was outstanding as well. It tasted like a dish of cheese with bacon pieces.  Other than that, the rest of the food was just okay. The mackerel was very plain tasting and I think that the Farm and the Fisherman restaurant does it better.

I didn't like the beef so much that I switched with my GF. The flavor was so off (apparently the mushrooms that were cooked with it) and the meat was so fatty that it didn't appeal to me. The Walu fish was a step up, but I wouldn't order it again. The nice part about it was the pine nuts that really added to the flavor. It was a little heavier than most fish, but there was something on the plate that threw the flavor off. It was covered in this foam which I've never seen before, and it reminded me of a rabid dog.

The interior is very small with maybe 8 tables. 
Service was good and waitress was nice. 

Total dinner bill was $144 before tip for 4 courses and no alcohol. Not a bargain, FYI.

Food Quality/Taste = 3 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 2 Stars
Experience with Staff = 4 Stars
Decor = 3 Stars
Wait Time = 5 Stars
Laurel just jumped to the top of my favorite restaurants list. Not just in Philly, but anywhere. We started with the Albacore Tuna, the flavors of which were creative and worked perfectly together. You have to try the gnocci, which is surprisingly light and melts on your tongue. My husband had the pork, which he said was outstanding (I tried a bite and laughed saying, "That's too good to be food") I had the cod, which was incredibly well cooked, and I don't know how they did the skin of the fish, but I've never had fish taste so good. The white chocolate bread pudding was served by the chef himself (I always appreciate this. Such a nice touch), and was delightfully smooth complimented by the apple crunch. I sincerely think it's one of the best meals I've ever had.
Chef Nick Elmi of course is a huge celebrity now that he's of Top Chef fame - but none of the notoriety gets in the way of an exquisite experience at Laurel. It's one of those places that when you walk in, you know you're going to have an intimate night with the food, the service, and the ambiance. I'm glad I got here in its opening weeks, because it's going to be impossible to get a reservation here. If there's one criticism I have, it's that the music just did not go with the overall vibe of the restaurant - would have liked more of a W Hotel music feel - ambient music like Thievery Corporation, etc. I saw a woman at another table singing along with a Beatles song - ugh. Putting that aside, we'll definitely be back to one of Philly's best new restaurants on the hot E. Passyunk strip.
Got to meet the man Nick Elmi himself.  Love the tiny space.  They have big chairs and big tables so the place feels intimate and not crowded.  Unlike some of the smaller restaurants where I feel like they are trying to fit as many diners as possible, the space had a cool ease about it.  So let's get to the food....first of all its byob which I love.  We ordered one and then 2 orders of the albacore tuna dish because it was so good.  Its served with this horseradish emulsion (not sure thats the right word) and yogurt sauce and the play on textures and flavors is truly a party for your mouth.  My boyfriend described the gnocchi  as pillows in your mouth.  Truly you want to pile these things up and take a nap in Elmi's restaurant while he cooks for you...I digress.  I also had the roasted Walu served with a foam (not exactly sure what was in it, don't care) and this was absolutely excellent.  

This is Philadelphia dining at its best.  I heart.
We're coming from a perspective of previously very satisfied Laurel diners, having found it pricey but well worth it in our past four previous visits.

The newest prix fixe menu, however, is not great, at least not for our palettes.  High points were the Kobe beef and the gnocchi with truffles, both of which were wonderful...but were also both $50 add-ons.  The scallops, snails and the final tiny custard were good.  The amuse bouche of beet meringue, carrot and radish was also ok, but also extremely tiny.  The foie gras was....very little, at least not much that I could taste, and I'm a bit of a foie gras fanatic.

In between these high/ok courses, however, were the low points:  raw/undercooked courses, any *one* of which would have been fine....but not all together in one meal.  The raw oyster with caviar, the frozen raw yellowtail/horseradish and the horrendously undercooked cod all combined to make our stomachs rumble, and not in a good way.  We love raw sushi and sashimi, but a hockey puck of translucent, undercooked cod is not a good thing:  not sure what this award-winning chef was thinking when he set the cooking time on that one.

After all this raw/undercooked seafood, the pork cheek promised a welcome cooked course....but it turned out to be gamey and far from a high-quality dish in our opinion.  Two of us had tried pork cheek on occasion elsewhere and liked it, but this one was not good.

Perhaps our tastes are not refined enough for this more exotic menu, but in our opinion this was not a good combination of tastes/types of dishes, and the only things we truly liked were add-ons, not even part of the normal menu.

Price-wise, the whole thing was $400+ for four people...and that was at a BYOB, and with tiny, tiny dishes.  That's perfectly fine for amazing food, but this was far, *far* from amazing.

Laurel is a great spot with a wonderful ambiance, a talented chef and a great staff, and what used to be a remarkable menu.  We're hoping that this is but a brief dalliance with unfortunate dish choices that have gone too far to the experimental.  In our opinion, they should return to their roots and go back to the old Laurel that we knew and loved.....and we want the last three hours and about $200 back.  ;-)
Beautiful, perfect food. 

If it's warm, gather up a big party and sit in the yard out back. A unique, special experience that's kind of uniquely Philadelphia.

Don't go in here looking for bold "New American" flavours. They're not trying to "blow your mind," they're just perfectly executing exquisite food. Oh, and bring your beautiful food wines with you. Splurge. Make it a magical evening. The friendly, capable staff is there to help you do just that.
3 months we've waited to come here and WOW was it worth the wait. The food was impeccable. The service was fabulous. I think Christina was our waitress and the way she described the food and the prep made by the chef you could tell how passionate she was about the dishes and the chefs work.  The gnocchi was to die for!! Chef Nicholas Elmi even came out to chat to ensure that we loved our meal. It was hands down the best restaurant experience ever. We already made reservations for our next dining experience. Worth every penny.
The sign of a truly excellent dish is when your last bite is better than your first one.  It doesn't happen that often, and it happened very often when we had the 7 course chef's tasting menu at Laurel.

The standouts were the foie gras, the mackerel, the walu, and both of the desserts.  The gnocchi is very popular, and I thought it was great.  But there were other dishes that were even more spectacular.

Of all the places I've eaten in Philadelphia, this place ranks among the top three.

I love how Chef Elmi comes out and talks to each table too.  If I were a top chef fan, I probably would have gone bonkers.
This place has a bunch if 5-star reviews and I am going to add to that. Several things about this place, I think, make it special. First of all, it's small... like 20 ppl small. It makes it nice; not in a snobby, exclusive way, but in a comfortable,  relaxed, "I can sit back and enjoy this" sort-of-way. You get the feel that this is not some major commercial operation, but a group of friends working together to make amazing food in an East Passyunk row house. The chef just happened to be at the door when we walked in and he seated us as if it were no big deal.

Second, it's a "value" at $75 for a 7 course tasting (granted that does not include tax and tip). The cost of me and my girlfriend's meal + tax + tip was less than other tasting menus we've been to with similar quality. Like a lot of places in Philly, it's BYOB, and they did not charge us a corkage fee. 

Finally the food was phenomenal. Yeah it's all local and it's all fresh like a lot of places, but what was excellent was how the flavor of the dishes transcended the ingredients. Things I don't normally like, like scallops and mushrooms, tasted great. Every aspect of every dish tasted unique and delicious. I would gladly go back, especially because the tasting menu rotates.

Overall of you have the opportunity to eat here I would highly recommend it. With so many places in the city belonging to serial restauranteurs (Jose Garces and Steven Starr) chef Elmi has created a truly unique experience. Philadelphia is a city with an amazing restaurant scene, but I think this one takes the cake for me.
Top Chef Nicholas Elmi truly knows his craft! An amazing arrangement of flavors and textures to entice every palette!  Another wonderful visit!
Unfortunately, this was not the most impressive meal I have eaten in Philadelphia. The presentation of the 8 courses we were offered were quite attractive, the taste, however, had much to desire. About 1/3 of the way through our meal our son became nauseous because all he could taste, course after course, was a fishy aftertaste. At one point, he began to dry-heave from the fishiness of his food. The only high point of the meal was the impeccable service. Quite frankly, I'm surprised that a place with such poor tasting food could have such phenomenal service. Bottom line, the taste was less than stellar, the cost extremely over-priced, and the service phenomenal. I don't think I would return. Needless to say, my son had to stop at Wawa on our way home in order to fulfill his appetite and get rid of the fishy aftertaste of his meal. Please... don't wast your time or money.
Elegant, tasty food that looks as good as it tastes.  Every plate had a surprise, and the food kept on coming. Very pricey but def worth it. This is more of a special occasion/ fancy foodie spot- not an every day place to stop by. 

My favorite course(one of them) was a foie gras, with oatmeal, rhubar, Apple? And it was paired with an apple juice tasting - ice cider wine- OMG this took something simple (oatmeal/fruit/apple juice) and familiar and elevated it with flavor and richness that has me wanting more.

For an extra $55 we shared the wagu beef as an additional course- just amazing- Amazing- so good!!!

The decor/ambiance was very relaxing, romantic, cute, cozy. The service was top tier excellence. 

All I can say is this is a must try!!
