Lazaro's is a no frills, predominantly takeout pizza joint on South Street. They are cash only, and offer slices! I have gotten takeout from Lazaro's more times than I'd like to admit... but it hits the greasy pizza craving spot every single time!

My go-to here is their Jumbo sized pizza option. These slices are HUGE! When we have a small gathering of people, sometimes one or two of these alone will do the trick. They also have delicious appetizers. My favorite is definitely their fried raviolis. They are so crispy and soft and gooey on the inside. 

The price point is super reasonable for what you're getting. It's my preferred spot over any other pizza place in the area!
Sweet God!  This is really tasty pizza.  Extra big slices for the same price that others charge for half as much.  Also, I NOW UNDERSTAND THIN CRUST PIZZA.  I was never a fan because I thought it tasted burnt and could never bend it or bite into it.  Lazaros does thin crust so that it's kinda crunchy but you can still chew it and bend it and best of all--IT DOESN'T TASTE BURNT.
Lazaros has recently become my go-to delivery sub shop. The subs are really good and the ingredients are always top notch. I'm currently obsessed with the corned beef special (with cole slaw and Russian dressing) on kaiser and the salads are unbelievable. I am not in the slightest a "salad person". Put pretty much anything else next to a salad and I'll go for the alternative but the salads at Lazaros are super fresh and huge! The turkey burgers are really good and the fries are great. Oh and the stromboli's are ridiculously huge. You could easily feed 3 or 4 people with the size of one stromboli.  

Now for pizza, I'm not a fan. I think the sauce is too sweet and so I never order pizza from here. However, lots of people think it is some of the best in the city. I also love their mild wings. The sauce is really good but the spicy sauce isn't as tasty.  

Those couple of things being said, I am still a huge fan. I particularly appreciate how large the menu is and so it is the first place I think of if ordering with a big group - everyone is bound to find something they will really enjoy!

**Update to the update: Awesome desserts! Tried the chocolate cake and the baklava and both were huge and so yummy.
Would return.
Surprisingly tasty, large slices.
Friendly people and quick service, very quick.
I found Lazaros to be below average greasy, which I appreciate.
Also, the cops eat here.  That should say something about the place.
They have a dining room one door to the East, very convenient and quieter than a busy pizza shop.
Stopped in here for a few slices to-go after work. Didn't realize the slices were GINORMOUS! The size does not compromise the taste. I had two slices of plain cheese ($5.50) and it was delicious. Cash only!
You order a pizza for delivery - and they tell you 45 minutes... Ok...ummm...
I just ordered a large cheese and the place is 1.3 miles away. But I guess it takes 45 minutes if you say so.

Then I call after and 1 hour and 15 minutes and the guy assures me it will be here in 5 minutes. Ok, if you say so. 

Then the delivery driver calls me after 1 hour and 40 minutes and asks me exactly where my hotel is located? My hotel that is in the center of downtown across from city hall?

I don't think so. 

It took exactly 1 hour and 46 minutes to get one large cheese pizza delivered 1.3 miles. 



This place is a joke.  That is terrible customer service. 

This place probably would have gotten a 3 or 4 based on the pizza alone, but I can't overlook the service.
For years, I lived near Lazaros - but I never went there. Recently, I had a pizza craving, and was feeling really lazy.  When I called to see if they would deliver, and found that they did, I was really excited to try their pizza.  Having tried it, I am now sad. Sad because I should have been eating pizza from Lazaro's all along. I should have NEVER GONE ANYWHERE ELSE! This place rocks! 

Quite frankly, I am a pretty big pizza and bagel snob, being from NYC and all.  However, this place totally rocks. It is what pizza should be. The pizza is large and thin crust - just the way I like it. The sauce is delicious - the right amount too.  The toppings they use are fresh, the cheese tastes great, and the delivery was right on time.  I was really impressed, and I am probably not going to go to too many other places for pizza ever again!
I've stopped in on a few occasions to just pick up a slice or two to go. I feel like the slices I get are never fresh and always have been sitting there for a few hours in a warm temperature. Maybe if I ordered a fresh pie it would be better. 

Also not really sure why they cant leave the pizza in the oven for more than a minute. I get that your oven is hot, but the pizza always comes out without a crispy crust and soggy undercooked everything else. Wife also got food poisoning from eating one of their stuffed slices. 

Shame cause they are so close.
A good place for take out - they do have a room with card tables & chairs next door for eat-in, but the decor just screams - take out.

 An old-school staff of pizza makers crammed into the busy kitchen turns out terrific FRESHly baked pies.  The cheese, pepperoni/sausage and veggie combo we ordered were terrific.  2 large pies fed 6 adults and 3 yound children.  The veggie pie was my fave - with roasted red & green peppers, broccoli and spincah - so tasty.

I recommend the pizza here.
Based on the other reviews, I decided to try the eggplant/tomato pizza.  Wow, it really is so good!  Fried bits of eggplant, basil, and tomato...you also don't notice the sweetness of the sauce on this pizza.  I got my pick up a bit late so the pizza was not piping hot, but it was still fantastic.  I cannot wait to get this again!!
I'm writing this review after ordering and devouring a plain cheese pizza all on my own. I pretty much think this is the first time I've ever ordered pizza by myself... That's how bad I was craving Lazaro's. 

Lazaro's is in my opinion the best neighborhood pizza place I've had in Philly. Just the right amount of flavorful sauce, fresh cheese, and thin crust. 

If you haven't had the chance to try our their pizza yet, you have to start with a plain cheese pie. Always the best way to judge a pizza place. I also highly recommend the Buffalo Chicken Pizza and the White pizzas are awesome too. 

I have even made my own pizza using Lazaro's dough... Awesome!

By the way, they're cash only but they deliver!!
I am usually not a big pizza lover, but this is worth it! 

I called for a delivery order and the man on the phone was courteous and actually got my order correct the first time! I asked to have 1/4 of the pizza without cheese and that's exactly what I got! Delivery time was a bit long, but the pizza arrived nice and hot. 

The crust is thin, crispy, and fresh. The pizza was not too greasy and had just the right amount of toppings. The pie size was well worth the money! Best pizza I've had in Philly.
I dunno how something so simple, as making pizza, can become so darn complex with pizza places. Not the case with Lazaros. I'd say out of the 10 times I've ordered from there, its been delicious 10 times. 

You call the place, and it feels like a typical pizza joint. The guy barely has time to talk to you, which is fine. I like that. Kind of reminds me of the Soup Nazi. You call only when you know what you want to order. They keep your number in their system, so you don't have to keep repeating your address to them. The delivery is fast, and the food comes still hot (or cold, depending on what you ordered). 

The pepperoni pizza from there is my favorite. The crust is thin, but crunchy and good. The sauce is sweet, the cheese is just the right amount, and the pepperoni is not overly greasy. (A key to eating pizza. I am not a fan of watching people wipe grease off their pizza with a towel.) 

We've ordered jalapeno poppers as well. And I must say, they are quite large (size-wise) and have the right amount of crunchiness (from the breading) and cheesiness (from the cheese). Writing this review makes me want to order another pizza. Mmmmm. 

Best pizza I have tried in my area, by far.
Very impressive slices. I went with two slices and when the cashier rang me up and it came to almost $10 dollars I was a little curious how it cost so much well right as I opened the box on the walk back I knew why...these slices are MASSIVE! It took some work but I managed to finish one slice and only had a few bites from the second slice.

I deducted one star for not being able to fold the pizza which made it beyond difficult trying to eat on the way home. I was leaning against post office boxes, random steps to peoples apartment, against some walls while trying to hold the box and slam a bite down of the pizza. New experience for me. I suggest you eat the pizza there.

The stuffed pizza which has a lattice pie like crust looks spectacular, along with there sicilian. I am going to take a few weeks off so is the goal but I would definitely return for one of those slices. CASH only but its quick service and they have an ATM inside.
cures . hangovers. immediately after consumption.
Im no stranger to these pies a friend lives close by and has ordered from here during a few roof top deck ragers.
Im by no means a pizza snob but i think i can spot a legit slice. J and i came here post a cray night and ordered a small pizza to share ( its huge ). We ate the entire thing in silence and decided we wouldnt eat anything else for the rest of the day ( LIE).
I am glad i decided to get extra drunk the night before so i would not feel guilty about devouring half a pizza. I mean it cures hang overs what else can i say.
Easily the best pizza/cheesesteak/etc. joint in the Rittenhouse area. Food is consistently good, fresh, and tasty. Best of all, they deliver, and I don't remember ever waiting more than a half hour for my order to arrive. I've never gotten anything soggy or cold, no matter what the weather conditions. The delivery guys are pleasant. 

Only downside: They don't accept credit cards.
Dropped by for a quick take out. On time as promised. This is CASH ONLY so you have been forewarned. 

My lady and I have transitioned our diet to a more vegan/vegetarian focus since watching the documentary FORKS OVER KNIVES. 

I ordered the pomodoro hoagie - tomato, fresh mozzarella, basil and olive oil - on a nice crunch Italian roll. My lady had the vegetarian  sandwich - fried eggplant, lettuce, onions and tomatoes. 

We ordered a pizza for our future son-in-law.

The vegetation sandwiches hit the spot. The pizza was MEH - nothing special.
For reference, I'm in arguably THE best neighborhood for pizza/Italian and I STILL order my weekly delivery from Lazaro's. If the shoe fits...

Pizza's still large and has that sweet sauce I love. Honey BBQ wings are some of the best in the city and I think have even gotten better over the years. I anticipate my weekend order of wings every Monday through Friday.

I order directly from their website now instead of UberEATS to avoid extra fees and the food legit arrives hot and fresh to my door in less than a half hour, every single time. Supporting restaurants that hire their own delivery drivers is important, especially now.

ILYSM, Lazaro's.
The #1 Quote from last night -

"Oh Lazaro's, my guts are gonna explode tonight!"

It's big, it's greasy, and your probably going to regret it the next day! but damn can it be worth it. Move over Lorenzo's this is the GOOD drunken slice.
This was Grade A, quintessential pizza delivery at its finest.

A little pricy but well worth it. Quality and quantity were on point. The buffalo wings were so unlike all the other basic bitch ones I've had at other pizzerias in the city, almost like they were baked instead of fried, with an incredible texture and sweet yet tangy buffalo sauce. Blue cheese was definitely scratchmade, or close to it.

Pizza had a real thin crust and a wonderful sweet sauce. Perfect ratio of everything. 

Those curly fries were heaven. Still piping hot and a little crispy when we got them, seasoned perfectly.

Food arrived hot and much quicker than GrubHub anticipated.

I'll absolutely order from here again.
We were really looking for a NY style slice and this looked promising but the taste wasnt there. But you cant be too mad because nowhere in philly seems to have a good ny slice even though ny is like 2 hours away. Sauce was too sweet and it just didn't hit the spot like I wanted it to but its not bad pizza. Im probably being too harsh.
Not a bad pizza joint.  The sauce is a little sweeter than I usually like, but it will do just fine if I had, say,  just walked out of a night of sitting at Bob and Barbara's.  If I was ordering in, I'd just skip the sauce and go with the white pizza which is really good from what I remember.

One side note is that they actually have a Fat Cat (the cheesesteak of Rutgers) on the menu.  I ordered it once with some excitement,  but it was pretty disappointing.  That's stopped me from ordering it again, as I don't want another poor showing to tarnish my memory of what a Fat Cat should/could be.
Best pizza in the world. Ever. Hands down.

Amazingly large pizza's, big enough to feed an army, with the most delicious sauce I have ever eaten. I actually crave their pizza at times, and when we order it I eat until I want to barf. My only problem is that they have been closed on several occassions when we wanted it, and we weren't quite sure why. Also they don't stay open as late as we'd like it to, and we've had to settle for some other crappy pie. But I'll still give it 5 stars, it's that good.

I'll be in the city tonight at Stephen H.'s watching LOST and I'm hoping to get some Lararo's tonight. It'll feel like Christmas to eat my favorite pizza while watching my favorite show :)
Gourmet: This ain't it
Dry, doughy crust. Sweetened sauce
Perfect as drunk food

If you're ordering the extra large, do yourself a favor and measure your doorframe. When the delivery guy shows up, chances are you'll need to tilt the box before getting it through the frame. This pizza is the biggest in the area, and for under $13 it's a hell of a deal if you're famished.

Granted, there is better pizza within blocks, but the novelty of a nearly 4 foot wide pizza box plopped in the middle of the living room table is occasionally too much to pass up.
All I can say is their pizza is delicious and if you ever want a calzone to kick your ass, order theirs.  Specifically the veggie calzone.  It was STUFFED full of delicious veggies.  It came in a pizza box and was enormous and life-changing.

I ordered eggplant on my pizza and maybe it was just a bad batch, but it was basically fried crispy flakes on top of greasy pizza, which didn't really do it for me.  Don't get me wrong, I love the greasy pizza part - but when I ordered eggplant as a topping, and it came out as fried breadcrumbs with a hint of eggplant underneath, I just felt bad about myself.

Also, they are cash-only
My friends all go for pizza which doesn't appeal to me other than fun fact that a large is the size of a small planet. BUT what I did discover whrn I needed a very quick bite, was that their Italian combo is spectacular! Flavorful and fresh, and bonus if you add hot peppers on it!
Great pizza and better service, wish they would take cards tho, other than that, great business
good tomato pie or well red pizza. 

also good chicken finger sub (with honey lettuce and tomaeters)
I hadn't had Lazaro's since my undergraduate days and decided it was worth a trip back, now that I live about five blocks away.  It was Sunday night, and Lazaro's was sufficiently busy.

My gf and I ordered a large mushroom pizza and waited patiently in the seating area next door for our pie.  10 minutes.  20 minutes.  25 minutes I go check.  "Large mushroom?"  It's next, it's next.  We did have a pizza a few minutes later, but for a pizza this thin, waiting 30 minutes was a little long.

And I didn't appreciate the comment from the guy when I went back to get a couple of forks and knives, "next time you should order ahead, you know".  Thanks, jerk.  I will now that I know it takes 30 minutes to make a really flat pizza.  

The pizza itself - also about three stars.  The mushrooms were good, but they kind of skimped on the amount they gave.  The sauce is sweet and the crust nice and thin, just as I like it.

Anyway I'm sure I'll be back but I wish there was somewhere that stood out for me as damn good pizza.
Lazaro's is one of our favorite places to order takeout pizza. Only downside? They only take cash. Regardless, the slices are fresh and the dough is buttery and well-seasoned. So here's a hodgepodge of some recent takeout from South Street.

Medium White Spinach Pie ($12.75)
16'' pizza, ricotta, mozzarella, garlic, EVOO, spinach

What I love about Lazaro's is their gorgeously thin crust. Despite this, their dough stays buttery. The medium is a large 16 inches and the white spinach pie was on point - garlic notes, with well-seasoned spinach and creamy ricotta spooned throughout. Fresh and definitely gets the job done. Keep in mind, the more toppings you add, the floppier you should expect the pizza considering the relative thickness of the crust.

Large Combination Gourmet Pie ($17)
18'' pizza, pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, onions, green pepper 

Case in point - the large gourmet pie. This is a cornucopia of "the works," including a melange of meats, mushrooms, onions, and peppers. Despite the glut of toppings, the dough did a reasonable job of maintaining its crispness despite delivery. And at a standout 18 inches, this was one huge slice.

Chicken Cutlet Sub ($7.50)
Foot long, provolone, lettuce, tomato, mayo

The GF typically eschews pizza (likely because I eat so much of it). So she often goes with the sandwiches. The chicken cutlet sub was delicious - crisp, moist chicken cutlets surrounded by sharp provolone and a slab of mayo. The bread was fresh and crusty. 

Mega Fries ($5.50)
Fries, whiz, mozzarella, bacon

I can't not order the Mega Fries right? In addition to mozzarella melted on top, along with almost-too-crisp bacon, there was whiz provided on the side. Talk about overload. Unfortunately, the main component of the dish - the fries - were not crisp at all. More a starchy mush.

Onion Rings ($3.75)

Now I don't believe the onion rings are homemade, but they sure are crunchy and delicious. Nothing wrong here!  

Overall, if you're looking for simple standard takeout, Lazaro's is a great bet if you're craving pizza. Just be sure to have cash on hand!
Tasty pizza, and nothing is better when it's hot. 

Cheese- yum.
Tomato pie- yum. And thick crust.
White pizza with fresh ricotta, tomato and basil- super yum.

Just go there, stand at the counter and wolf down your slice. It's much better right out of the oven. Yes the tomato sauce is a little sweet, but it compliments the cheese and is one of the best slices in the city. Seriously.
Plain pie here..its all I need.

Found this joint in some top 25 pizza list.. this definitely belongs.

Its cheapish (11-12 for large plain)..yet the cheese, crust, sauce..all taste great. Best bang for buck as far as pizza. Good quality, fair price. Get in here. 

Don't be intimidated by the 500 guys behind the counter, all staring at you as if you're the target of a hit.. getting that pizza home is worth it! I'll have to try something else on their rather large menu..looks good.
I don't claim to be a pizza snob, but it's easy to tell when something just isn't good. I decided to order pizza and onion rings and have it delivered since there's nothing like pizza on a rainy sunday night. First off, the guy on the phone just didn't understand because I had to repeat everything like 3 times. Whatever, fine. It happens in a city. Then, even though the food got here exactly 40 minutes later (which was the estimate), it was more warm than hot. The delivery guy was also talking to his friend on the phone the entire time, which I found rude.

There was nothing terribly good about the pizza. It just was. The onion rings were HORRIBLE. I tend to judge places like this by their onion rings, and these just failed completely. They were soggy, luke-warm, and very bland. Actually they reminded me of the shitty ones from Burger King. I was severely let down because I had read these reviews and expected a good meal and, unfortunately, that was far from what I got.

The only thing I can think to recommend is the turkey club. My roommate ordered it and then went out of town for a few days so I ate it and thought it was delicious.
At work, we usually have an office party once a month or so. We typically order a variety of goodies from quite a few places, but when pizza is concerned, we order in from Lazaro's on South Street. Since I didn't have my camera on me, pardon me for the pictures that were taken on my camera phone. Still, I couldn't help but sing Lazaro's praises.

What I love about Lazaro's is their thin crust, beautifully buttery and perfectly crispy. Their marinara is sweet, but works surprisingly well with that delicious dough. The slices have some grease to them, but my love a NYC slice involves a little grease. It's the little things in life ...

White Slice

Their white slice comes with ripe tomatoes, creamy ricotta, and fresh basil leaves. Emanating garlic - this is definitely one of my favorites.

Pepperoni Slice

Greasy pepperoni and copious amounts of stringy mozzarella cheese? Nothing wrong with that!

Philly Cheese Steak Slice

This one's a bit disappointing. The shredded steak is a bit dry and the slice itself could use a bit of fried onions on it.  

Sausage Slice

The sausage slice has pretty standard sausage chunks, but it is certainly meaty!

Buffalo Chicken Slice

Buffalo chicken slices are usually my favorite. But Lazaro's iteration uses sweet hot sauce - I prefer something with a spice level that is at least on par with Frank's. Additional the chicken slices are pretty small and blue cheese doesn't emanate that strongly from the slice.

Overall, Lazaro's dough and thin crust are what makes their pizza. The toppings are merely superfluous - unless you choose the right ones. Go for the white pizza and you can never go wrong with pepperoni. But in the end - I'll still be thinking about that buttery, thin crust.
This is your typical pizzaria. No frills, some tables and food. They only take cash.
I have only has their pizza. I like the thin crust and the HUGE slices. Really, I have never seen a pizza slice that big. Cheap, good, pizza.
Lazaro's is my go-to pizza place, when I want some of the best pizza in Philadelphia. The slices are huge and delicious, but you must be a fan of a pie with a sweeter red sauce. It's not a pretty place, but it's your basic pizza joint. The food is the star here, which really is what's important in a restaurant.
I only ever order subs or appetizers from here but they are always really great. Be sure to check out the veal or chicken parm sub.
Their specialty pies are where its at. I've tried several slices on previous occasions (BBQ, Buffalo chicken, veggie) and everything is a flavor bomb pile of ingredients. No skimping there.  Their white pie, however, was lacking.  I ordered the white and tomato/ricotta pie and quickly found myself in my kitchen with salt, pepper, and garlic. I may have even reached for some of my own fresh basil to add.  In my opinion, a white pizza needs to hold tremendous flavor and garlic should be the star of the show without being overbearing.  (I think the vowels in my last name are writing this....) Their red sauce is a little sweet for me, which I can't knock them for (many people love a sweeter red sauce), but I usually prefer a savory/thin/simple marinara-style pizza sauce under my 400 calories of cheese.   In any event, Lazaro's is solid for take out, their delivery is fast, and their pizza is decent.
Hands down, the best pizza in the city of bro-bro. Don't be fooled by tourist-trap imitation. Granted, you will only want pizza to go, but the sweet sauce, the phenomenal cheese blend, and the crust is outstanding. This is the only pizza that I literally plan out my time as to when it could be consumed. Two slices could satisfy any appetite. Admittedly, I've never ventured anywhere else on the menu, but when something's that good, I pull out the old cliche - "If it ain't broke, don't fix it." Word to Big Daddy Kane.
I hate this place. I hate it. I hate their barbeque chicken pizza that is flat and taste like ketchup. I hate their rude service. I hate that I feel like a bother whenever I call. I hate the crowded little front because people actually love this place and wait for their food there. I hate that you have to go next door to top your pizza with Parmesan cheese or oregano. I hate their crusty hoagies. 

I like that their fries are always warm though.
I went into Lazaros one day simply because I saw a review here on yelp stating that if you missed Lorenzo's (At the time it was closed due to a fire and indeed I missed their pizza) then this is the spot! Boy oh boy where they right on the money! 

Lazaros offers huge slices of pizza and unlike Lorenzo's, you can have any topping you want. I always go for the classic plain and the white with ricotta. The red sauce is sweet, the dough is thin but not too thin, the crust is crispy and the cheese is perfection. I wish I would have read that review before because THEY DELIVER and I have been ordering ever since! I can't tell you how many wasted pizza nights Ive had in search of the best but my search has ended! This is my go to spot for pizza now and their delivery is super duper fast and you don't have to order a whole pie. They deliver slices!!! 

The actual restaurant is your standard no frills type of pizzeria so nothing to hoot and holler about there but please do check it out! You wont be disappointed :)
The Jumbo pizza is hilarious, but unwieldy.  They make it because they can, not because they should.

The pizza is generally very good.  The sauce is key (I think they use cherry tomatoes because it's on the sweeter side).  

However, when I get  delivery the pizza is almost (or already) cold.

Invest in some of those insulated bags and you get another star, Mr. Lazaro.
After a few yelp searches, we decided on Lazaros for some quick/cheap appetizers to eat during the Eagles Game.  We ordered some buffalo chicken fingers and jalapeno poppers and waited inside while watching the beginning of the game (yes they have a TV despite not having a single table inside.  Despite how busy they were, the apps were ready in less than 15 minutes and we headed home to watch the game.  The poppers were stuffed with cheddar cheese, not cream cheese which I prefer but they were still really good.  There were 5 in the order and they come with a side of marinara.  The buffalo chicken fingers were just average but what you'd expect from a Pizza place.  Overall, Lazaros worked for what we wanted. We'll be back to try the pizza next time.
best pizza in all of philly maybe. also... GARLIC KNOTS!!! if pizza is Heaven, which we all know that it is, than Lazaro's garlic knots are lil doughy clouds floating in pizza heaven.
This is our "I'm too tired to cook, what should we order?" place.  Our favorite is the eggplant and tomato.  I love the thin slices with crispy crust, although it is true that the sauce is sometimes a little too sweet.  When I need some comfort food, I order the eggplant parmesan sandwich, so cheesy and flavorful with awesome bread.  The chicken parmesan is definitely not as good (the chicken is like the processed chicken finger type).  The delivery is fast and the guy who answers the phone is always nice and says "you got it" :)
There's a pizza place 20 feet from my door and yet I walk many extra blocks to get to Lazaros Pizza. Football (soccer for you Americans) is always on the TV when you walk in so this place is pretty legit. I'll say this up front: I'm not a huge fan of their pizza by the slice - does anyone else think the tomato sauce is too sweet? Luckily I never just get a slice - I'm a huge fan of ordering an extra large white pizza to go...delicious! 

A large white pizza will run you about $13 - cheap compared to just about every other establishment. Big slices of well cooked pizza with the perfect amount of grease and crust that is to die for....for a while my roommate and I were ordering Lazaros about once a week just to give you an idea of how much we like the place! 

Word of caution: cash only and expect longer waits on game days.
We live near Lazarro's and will never go back there! 

First, I should say that for the last two years we usually only buy drinks or salads there as their pizza is only so-so. One of the owners and some of  the guys who work there told my husband that 9/11 was caused by the Americans on the planes and NOT by Bin Laden! Further, that George Bush planned it. They truly believe this! We do not intend on giving them our hard earned American dollars. Thankfully, there are plenty of better pizza places and convenient restaurants in this city such that we do not need to support such flagrant and scurrilous anti-American beliefs. We suggest that you don't either. God Bless everyone who was lost on 9-11, their families and the United States of America!
Pretty good pizza in a cash only shop on South St. Super cheesy. Tried the white and cheese pizzas and both crowd pleasers. Would love to try the cauliflower crust pizza soon as well!
Oh, giant Lazaros pizza, how I adore you.

For pizzeria, NY style pizza--no, I'm not talkin' your fancy pants pies with arugala, goat cheese, and lardons--this is hands down my favorite in Philadelphia. I can go for a Lazaros slice/pie any day of the week. Mostly football Sundays, accompanied by wings, beer, and friends. Just sayin' they go well together.

The many ways, situations, toppings, levels of consciousness in which I've consumed the large Lazaros pie really astounds me. Yes, it's good with fancy beer/wine/cocktails. Yes, it's good to enjoy with a date. Yes, even good to enjoy naked (just guessing here...). But honestly, this pie is best plain. Add your garlic, parm, red pepper flakes if you must. Plain. 

Even though this place is reallllly not that far from my home I self admittedly do the lazy thing almost every time, and order delivery. It just seems like the right thing to do.

Drawbacks, which may just bump this place up a star if they ever changed (which, why would they at this point?): Cash only (WTF), not open late enough. I'm pretty confident that if this place accepted credit cards and was open until 2-3am, their profit might just double.
Lazaro's Pizza is my spot. I've been eating here for years. Forget that other place at 2nd & South that serves cheese-covered cardboard. Lazaro's is the real deal. Really good pizza. I recently tried their square pie and was really surprised. The dough was just right and I dig their sauce. The one thing I dislike is the early hours. If you want a late-night slice from Lazaro's you're gonna be out of luck. Aside from that, great spot .
Clown pizza place. It took nearly two hours for their mediocre pizza to arrive. Obviously by then it was luke warm-to-cold and all around stunk. 

To their credit, they messed up my friend's chicken cheese steak in amazing fashion: she asked for chicken, cheese, bread, nothing else on it - she wrote this in the special instructions *and* called to confirm they received these simplest of all instructions. What came was a grilled chicken hoagie with lettuce tomato onion and mayo. Clowns.
My favorite pizza place, I'm so glad I moved to 18th and Fitzwater otherwise I never would have discovered it.

Their pizza is divine and fairly priced. Two orders of garlic knots and a slice of pizza (4.50!!) is enough for two people. Not kidding. Okay, two tinyish people, but two people all the same.

Their garlic knots are generally hit or miss, with hit about 70% of the time, and when they hit...oh boy do they hit. Three for a dollar of delicious, doughy goodness. Holy crap.

The people behind the counter are clean and nice. Not the most fluent in English, but altogether great, it really wouldn't be an authentic pizza place experience if the cashier spoke perfect english.

This summer they added a new place to eat next door. It's a little eerie, not gonna lie, since it's usually empty and not attached to the pizza parlor...it's just a weird choice, but I mean the quirks make the place, don't they? There are also two (hmm maybe one) tables outside, which is amazing at night in the summer.

Really, check this place out, you won't be disappointed.
Best pizza in Philly! I hate to order from anyone else- and the only reason I would is because this place closes pretty early. Huge thin slices, yummy fries, and delicious hoagies!

My favorites:
1) Cheese fries
2) Broccoli White Pizza
3) Cheese Grinders
4) Broccoli Bites
5) Plain pizza
As a Philadelphia native, and someone who has lived down town for over ten years, I've struggled to find good pizza within the city limits.  It exists but the majority is crap.  Lazaros is the exception, their pizza is fantastic.  Be prepared for a sweet tomato sauce that some may find unappealing.  Go with slices as they have a slightly thinner crust, but pies are good as well.  

Now to the other food.  Lazaros cares about every menu item that leaves their front door.  I haven't had their entire menu, but nothing has been bad.  The chicken salad club is the best in the city.  Order it on toasted rye.  The chicken finger wrap, although childish, hits the spot.  I wasn't sure what to expect when ordering the Italian hoagie, and was pleasantly surprised when it was good.  I enjoyed it enough to order it a few times since.  The fries are really good.  The wings are decent.  

Give Lazaros a try, and don't be offended when they put you on hold when you call to order.
Lazaro's pizza is a pretty good slice of pizza. I can't say I'm a huge pizza fan, but when I'm craving it- lazaro's gets the job done. The sauce is slightly sweet, so be warned if you aren't really about that you may want to look elsewhere. I am mostly a return customer because of it's proximity to where I live. Convenient, affordable, and pizza that doesn't make me feel like I'm wasting calories on inedible pizza. My roommate gets the white pizza with ricotta and absolutely loves it. I however prefer sticking with the standard pepperoni. I went for the sausage once and was not a fan.
You have to know what you're getting - huge slices, sweet sauce and nice, prompt delivery. If you're looking for a serious S. Philadelphia "gravy" sauce, this isn't your spot. But if you want a giant slice of thin crust pizza or a generously meaty cheese steak or sandwich (or all of the above), these guys are it. Huge portions, low prices and nice staff - a Rittenhouse Square (GroHo) bargain!
So, I'm somewhat Italian, pizza is Italian, and you got plenty of Italians in South Philly, right? Well, Lazaro's, ends with a vowel, kind of biblical-sounding... Italian, right?  Apparently not.  This place is run by a lovely bunch of guys who speak Arabic, which they'd love to conversationally engage you with after a long day as Boyfriend discovered, unfortunately able to respond only with a shrug of the shoulders. Though I'm not qualified to judge where exactly it is that these pizza makers are from, or bold enough to ask, I'd love to know where they learned to make their pizza, because it's pretty awesome.

You can pick up slices to go, eat in the adjoining room, or get your food delivered.  If you live close enough, like I do, they'll come on foot, which seems kind of ridiculous when you realize you could have done this yourself and probably shouldn't have made the guy stop cooking or mopping or whatever it is he was doing to come feed your lazy ass.  But still, the option is available.  The jumbo cheese pizza is around $15 and the box is so big you can't fit the thing through your doorway without going at a slant.  Slices are bigger than your head, about a third of a normal pizza I'd estimate, and it's fun to watch your friends employ various folding techniques as tomato ooze and pepperoni grease runs down their wrists to their elbows.  That's some satisfying pizza.  Try the one with fresh tomato, basil, and mozzarella if you're a traditionalist, the pepperoni if you're down for some greasy, greasy goodness.  I wasn't quite as pleased with the tomato pie, expecting sliced fresh tomatoes but finding the canned kind instead, but it was still delicious. There's tons of varieties to choose from, white pizzas as well, and a list of toppings to create your own.  We've also given their B.L.T.s, spicy chicken wings and curly fries a whirl, all to great satisfaction, and their coolers are stocked with soda, juice, and possibly every variety of Arizona and Mystic products in existence.

Oh, right.  I almost forgot.  The hoagies. What they call a "half" will cost you less than $6 and is the size of what I'd call a "normal" foot long hoagie.  I've nibbled off the Italian and cheese hoagies of others, and let me tell you, again, these people know what they're doing.  The red onions are sliced in paper thin rings, the spicy and sweet onions are applied in profusion, the lettuce expertly shredded, tomato not too sloppy, cheese painstakingly layered, mayo slathered on there just the way I like it... Not to bring up the Wawa, since I know it's sort of an abomination to compare anything that can be gained from a convenience store to the wares of a more legitimate deli, but I don't need to do any tinkering at Lazaro's.  I don't need to decide if I want a little bit of mayo, mayo, or a lot of mayo, if I want horseradish or ranch or yellow mustard or spicy mustard or onions pickles tomato lettuce peppers salt pepper oregano parmesan or my condiments on the side.  I just let them make it for me, and it's great every time. That's not to say that they won't respond to tinkering if that's your thing, and nobody's going to berate you if you've got a tomato allergy or raw onions make it such that you can't leave the bathroom for a period of three to seven hours following the urge to indulge.  The point is, they make a damn good hoagie at Lazaro's, and all you've gotta say is, "Hoagie, please."
I think you should prepare yourself before entering. Get out your hankie, tie your hair back, and prepare to salivate. This is what happens when you enter the haven of Lazaros. 

I have to admit to only trying their cheese and white pizza. The white pizza (classic) is what kills me. It kills me with sweet cheesy flavor. And then brings me back to life with the wafting scent of yet another gargantuan slice. You begin to sweat, dare I have another slice? Who is looking anyways? Is this a sin or can I get away with it?! All natural fears. Let me lay them to rest. Lazaros is awesome. It is best to stuff yourself with awesome so that you have awesome inside you. For the next few hours at least. Then you have to come back for more. 

Which is EXACTLY what I plan to do this weekend. Me. Lazaros. It's the only kind of date I need to have the rest of my life! 

Also, if you are complaining about the size of this food look at their name. Lazaros Pizza House. They had to get a HOUSE added for this kind of food. Because it feeds a house of people. Duh, don't hate, it's implied in the title foo!
Lazaro's is decent Philly pizza.  It's thin, they use high quality cheese (which they don't skimp out on), and have a great selection of toppings.  The sauce, however, is a bit too sweet for my liking.  Another downside is that they're only open till 11PM on Friday and Saturday which really isn't conducive for drunk pizza-eating....unless you got a head start from happy hour.
After just moving to Philly, I was excited by the large number of well reviewed Pizza joints in the area.  We tried Lazaro's 1st as it was close to our house. 

We got a large half cheese half pepperoni pie and an order of garlic knots. The garlic knots were pretty good. Less greasy than places I've ordered from in the past and definately not overdone on the garlic. The pizza was typical thin crust, but not as crispy as I would have liked. The sauce, however, was superb. It is much sweeter than any sauce I've had in the past and really had a nice zing to it. The peperoni wasn't crispy enough. 

Pretty good pizza, but I think I can find better in Philly.
I came here with my boyfriend visiting from new york city and we were walking down South Street to look for a place to eat. We ran into this place and the pizza was pretty good. It was kind of weird that the place to sit down and consume your food was in a different store right next to the place where you order. Very strange! Other than that i have no complaints.
Three words. BUFFALO.CHICKEN.PIZZA!!! Seriously the best thing I've ever out in my mouth. I think it's a lot faster for them to deliver the food rather than you picking it up. I say this because all the times I've ordered for pick up, I had to wait and extra 20 minutes for my pizza to actually be ready. However, it seems they move a little quicker for you when they are delivering. I'm not complaining though. I just now refuse to pick up from them.  I don't care for their salads. Don't think I've ordered anything else besides these two items. But a million and one stars on this mouth watering pie to which I've turned all my friends on!
$3.75 for a huge slice of pizza. Large portion and good cheese to sauce ratio. Not a fan of the sauce, it's just simply too sweet and overpowering for my taste. Might be back for a steak in the near future.

One side of the building is open for ordering, and the other side is self-seating.
game 2 of the NLDS v the cardinals. phils started strong, losing their lead in the 6th inning, then falling behind come the 7th. at this time my friend informed us that we needed to do more than wave our rally towels from the comfort of the couch; we MUST finish the pizza.

not one to argue with silly superstitions when it comes to baseball, i obliged (despite being quite full from having already eaten two tasty thin crust plain slices along with a couple cheesy broccoli bites and a handful of fries). we each grabbed a [now cold] piece, chomping away in the hopes of a comeback.

sadly, our over-eating efforts didn't pan out. on the up side, there are way worse foods to "have to" consume than a large lazaro's pie.
This probably is the best pizza spot in Philadelphia.  Lorenzos used to be, but after the rebuild it hasn't been the same. Try Lazaros plain cheese and the buffalo chicken pizza.  If it's good enough for Monee Davis it's good enough for you. Don't be a communist, eat Lazaros.
I am a pizza fan. I tried Lazaro's after reading all the reviews. The large slices are great and a good amount of cheese to cover every inch of the slice. The sauce was a bit too sweet for my taste. Also, I loved that it was a very thin slice just wish it had a crunch to it, it was more so soggy. Over all it was ok and if I'm in the area I might go back. But I have also had better.
3 words for you: Chicken. Finger. Hoagie. These pretty much got me through the winter, especially during the two massive blizzards that raged. That's right. EVEN IN THE MIDDLE OF A BLIZZARD, LAZAROS DELIVERED TO MY HOUSE. 

The chicken finger hoagie is GOOD (delicious chicken fingers, on a hoagie, with LTM) and delivery is FAST. And while Lazaros may seem -- to the unknowing observer -- just another corner pizza shop -- I've come to realize it's actually everything I want and need in a corner pizza shop: good food (ESPECIALLY the sandwiches, although the pizza is delish too--thin, sweet, and crunchy), low prices (a giant pie for $13??) and a clean, no-frills interior (compare to Tower Pizza and its swirling mobs of flies.) One star off because they're cash only, and because of the many nights I sat sadly WITHOUT chicken finger hoagie because I only had $2 in my wallet.
The sandwiches are ok, the pizza I didn't care for at all. The sauce has a sweet taste and pizza sauce should never be sweet.  Will never order pizza from here again.
Since you asked for it - I have mixed reviews about this place. I think their pizza can be classified as either "not my style" or "bad" - the sweet sauce doesn't seem to work and I just wasn't impressed with shape, taste, texture, etc. It's also annoying that they don't take credit cards, especially for really large delivery orders (even if it was for only two people wanna fight about it?) it's god damn 2014, quit being cheap and pathetic. They also forgot my Sprite and for the first time ever, because it's Sprite, I called and asked that they bring it, which they did and were apologetic, so that's a plus. 

The reason it reaches 3 stars - the calzones are terrific - gigantic, tasty, fluffy, cheesy, meaty, this is a really good calzone, end of story.

Get the calzone or get out of town, that is all.

PS - cheeze whiz cheese fries were a solid B for delivery, that's good.
No matter how many times I've tried ordering from here, their pizza is just soggy and soft.  The thin crust is nice, but its just way too floppy.  I have even asked for it well done as others have suggested...just didn't work for me.  

On the other hand, their garlic knots are amazing.  get a dozen...now. don't wait.
BEST PHILLY PIZZA....forget Lorenzos, move up the street and go Lazaros. Don't believe me?...let me tell ya a story about a guy we''ll call him  Josh( thats what his mother named him)  He is a vagabond... he might be in prague or echo park. He might be dead, until your phone rings"Hey i'm in philly"  Josh blows into town a couple times a year and when he is here he would eat Lorenzos pizza every day. josh digs pizza! so a couple weeks ago i have over the house and we order Lazaros, giant slice of cheesy pizza love...result "F**K lorenzos " says Josh.
Classic slice well worth the few singles. Dig the toppings availability, and during the day they usually have a soccer game on in the empty room next door. Lazaros far superior to Lorenzos
Finally ordered some full pies - delicious as expected. The wings, on the other hand, were kind of disappointing. There was a good amount of meat, and they were crispy, but I like them swimming in sauce. These were pretty dry (not the meat, just lacking in sauciness), but not bad enough to drop a star.

We also recently had the chicken and spinach wrap (super cheesy/garlicky) and Greek salad with grilled chicken strips (very good for a pizza/sandwich shop). I'd recommend either if you're looking for a quick fix.
Pizza smelled amazing but cheesesteak was recommended  Apparently the person who recommended this cheesesteak had never eaten one before... Garlic knots get an A, perfect flavor, fresh, 3 for $1.50; cs gets a C from me, B from SO - came out soggy, canned shrooms, cheese not evenly distributed but roll was tasty, meat was juicy, peppers were good. Def coming back for pizza at some point in the future.  Odd store front, though - order on one side, then go outside and in another door to sit where they bring you your food and you can eat.  Works for me, but odd.
Lazaro's pizza is great pizza for a great price. Great customer service too!! Once ordered a pepperoni pizza and it arrived slightly burnt. I called back and let them know about it and they surprised us with a brand new pizza! This is my go to pizza joint!
I was so very hopeful when I ordered Lazaro's last night after reading the great reviews but alas, the pizza was not that great. It was limp, very greasy, and tasted a little off. I also ordered the garlic knots which were just balls of bread minus any garlic. Heartbreaking. Kind of like the time when I was 12 and found out that Santa did not exist (I believed in Santa Claus for an awkward amount of time). I will not rest until I find great delivery pizza in the Rittenhouse area. This just isn't it.
Super fast delivery and an OK pizza, but I didn't like the sauce because it was sweet. I prefer more authentically Italian pizza with a sauce that has some oregano flavor. Just not my cup of tea...
I haven't ordered a whole pie yet, but the reheated pizza by the slice is delish. Thin crust plus tasty sauce works for me - and the slice size is ridiculously big! The mushrooms were fresh and  not from a can (a definite no-no), but the buffalo chicken bits in the buffalo chicken pizza looked kind of tired.
I'm not a fan of pizza at all, but I would having cravings for pizza from Lazaros.  It was like, wow.
I dont get the hype. Between this and Pine Street Pizza I feel like I live in the center of bad-pizza-everyone-else-loves. Give me Zios anyday. I like a nice thick crust and minimal layer of greece. But that's just me.
My go-to pizza joint.  The pizza sauce is sweet and addictive, the crust has the perfect texture and level of dough and crunch.  Buffalo wings are meaty, flavorful, not too much breading.
We all got sick fro three different kinds of pizza. It was too thin and wet and we were all sad about it.
My fav tomato pie or mozzarella pizza.. Their tomato sauce is really something else...
In my opinion, this is the best cheap pizza that Philly has to offer. I've been eating in and ordering out from here for three years. Thin, large slices with just the right ratio of toppings to cheese to crust (less crust, more toppings/cheese/sauce). My go-to is a large pepperoni. The sauce is a bit sweeter than other places, which I like. 

I can't necessarily say the same thing about their other food- I got wings from there once and they were very overcooked and dried out. But safe to say the pizza is great
Good pizza for the value. Huge, thin slices. These are way bigger than a NYC slice. These are like comically big. They put tons and tons of toppings on the veggie pizza, which i loved, but you definitely have to eat it with a fork. The sausage/pepperoni pizzas are good too. Overall liked this pizza, and like the price, but still on the quest for good Philly pizza.

The buffalo chicken pizza was probably their best. The swirls of hot sauce and (sour cream?) are delicious.
Easily the best pizza in Philadelphia!  This is a definitely nothing, dive, hole in the wall pizza place, but I am telling you it is the absolute best.  The pizza is thin crust and always tastes fresh.  The people working there could care less, but I don't care, because I just love the pizza.  The sandwiches and such are run of the mill, I just go for the pizza, mm delicious!
5-stars EXCEPT for some reason the "quality" of SUNDAY food dips just a bit. I either get slices or turkey club on rye w/fries..... Both are awesome
Righteous double slices! I haven't seen the double/triple slice anywhere in over 10 years so this is my spot now if I'm in the Rittenhouse area. 2 things... I wish the double slices had a bit more sauce OR that they offered hot sauce as a condiment. That's the only thing lacking. The dining area next door is a nice touch... better than nothing, but do they really need to blast the TV (futbol) if there's nobody in there?

I'll try one of the steaks someday, but for now I'm down with the pizza.
They the best pizza in Philly, well food period. You must come try their food if you haven't already. When I'm hungry this is a place I prefer. There is only one down side they close earlier than other places so get here when you can before they close.
I absolutely love Lazaro's!  I've had several things off their menu for take-out over the past couple years, but can attest to the fact that the garlic knots are the best in the city, if such a thing can be said.  The slices of pizza are huge - much like the late Lorenzo's (RIP), but with so many more options.  I've also tried their calzones and have been impressed - just the right amount of ingredients served with a side of their zesty marinara sauce.  (My favorite is the eggplant with spinach and tomato - definitely check it out.)

I'll definitely be back in the future! (More often than I'd really like to admit.)  

Note:  Lazaro's is CASH ONLY, but they have an ATM onsite.
Yum! Cheap, tasty and quick! The slices are HUGE.. one is probably all you need. I have enjoyed the Pepperoni & Sausage, Buffalo Chicken and the white/tomato & basil slices. But honestly, everything looks good.

Cash only!
I came here to get some cheap pizza. I ordered two slices of pizza for $6. Thought that was a bit steep but the slices are huge so I can't complain about the price. However, the taste just isn't my thing. The sauce was too sweet and overpowered the pizza. I like sweet sauces but not on my pizza. The pepperoni at least added a bit of bite on one of the slices to take away the sweetness, but it just didn't improve, even after adding hot pepper flakes and garlic powder. Can't speak on anything else, but I wouldn't come here for the pizza at least.
For a big city like philadelphia I would expect there to be more great and affordable pizza in walking distance from my house. Finally, I have found a great place! The plain cheese pizza is terrific and exactly what I wanted on a cold and rainy night this winter. After that it was a no brainer and Lazaro's became a regular on my Friday night pizza menu.

Feeling confident in their product, I ordered the buffalo chicken pizza on my last visit. It. Was. Awesome. The crust is perfectly thin and crispy with a ratio of sauces, cheese, and toppings that would impress even the toughest of pizza critics. I have not had anything but pizza from here, but everything I have seen in the shop looks delicious!
Inedibly bad.  Three slices went down the disposal rather than inflict them on any other living thing.  The crust was so soggy we wondered if they forgot to put it in the oven at all.  The toppings were generous on the greens and skimpy on the meats.  The cheese would have made terrific caulk.  The sauce was red but that's about it.   Allegedly it began life as a tomato.
Good, fast, big slices.

I'm not a huge fan of thin crust pizzas, I'm more of a deepdish/Sicilian kind of guy. However, a friend recently introduced me to Lazaros and I have to say I enjoy it. In particular I like their pizza sauce better than most, they don't go overboard with it but you can tell they used some which is not always the case with thin crusts.

They recently opened a dining room next door to the original space so groups and claustrophobes shouldn't have any hesitation about visiting now.
My choice for a decent pie in the neighborhood. Sauce can be a touch on the sweet side but the white pie is a winner.
One of the best grab a slice pizza places in Philly.  They have a good and interesting selection of topping filled pizzas to choose from. Crust comes out excellent, on a similar level of deliciousness to Lorenzo's.

Their white pizza with Ricotta is definitely a favorite, although they are all good.
I had forgotten how much I love this pizza. I stayed away for a few years after the last delivery debacle (I never got my pizza because they couldn't find Carpenter Street -- hello?!) 

But I was drawn back the other night. The reason was because my usual pizza place, Lorenzo's at 9th and Christian, hasn't answered the phone the last few times I've called, even though I knew they were open. What's up with that? Oh well, their loss! 

I picked it up, parking my car at the Walgreens across the street (shh) and the guys couldn't have been nicer. I thought it was cute how they spelled my name "Jenefer" on the receipt. I paid $12.40 for a large cheese and went home to pig out. 

This is probably the thinnest crust pizza I've ever had. Because of that, you don't feel disgusting after eating three silces in one sitting. Everything about it is wonderful - the sauce, cheese, crust. My dog probably disagrees because the crust isn't very bready, so i end up eating it instead of giving it to her like I normally would. 

I've gotten slices in their little dining area before, but I tend to avoid it in the summer because it does not have air conditioning. Who cares though, you'll gobble your food so fast that you'll barely notice.
This has been my steady pizza place for the past few years and it's GREAT. 

Their hoagies leave something to be desired, I think the biggest problem is the rolls they use, which are really bland. Also, I feel like using crappy rolls in Philly is a bigger no-no than a lot of other places so they should probably know better. 

Anyway, back to the pizza. It's cheap, most of the toppings are good (not crazy about their sausage, they use those rabbit pellets) and they deliver.

Probably my favorite thing about Lazaro's is the Jumbo size pizza which if I remember correctly is 27". It's completely absurd and we have to tilt it to get it in our front door. 

This is probably my favorite pizza in the city which is why it gets 4 stars even though their wings suck and the hoagies are just ok. The cheesesteaks are good too but I've had better.
Cheesesteak Hoagie = EXCELLENT.  I give it 5 stars just for it.  Great food, reasonable prices, and super duper fast delivery.
