Le Pain Quotidien (The Daily Bread) is a Belgian bakery/cafe at the corner of 8th & Walnut in Center City, Philadelphia. If that sounds like a familiar location, that's because it is. Until recently this was the home of Robbins 8th & Walnut, the famous diamond dealer. So, if a Yelp review says that the boulangerie now there is a "hidden gem," they may not know how right they are! 

These folks have done a great job morphing that old jewelry store into a continental bistro. High ceiling, floor to ceiling windows overlooking the teeming street life of this hospital part of town, large communal table in the center floor, wood everywhere. The atmosphere is captivating. It was a perfect place to relax over good coffee and densely textured blueberry muffin while waiting for an appointment across the street at Penn Medicine. 

I took a deuce against the wall facing Walnut. My small order arrived within a minute. The java came in in a pot for pouring into a wide mouth cup, the muffin on a flat white personal size tray. Cool that something as common as coffee and a nosh were reimagined to present in an interesting alternative. If that was Brussels style, I was all for it! 

Service was fast and friendly. Those baguettes and demi-pain looked great and tempting enough to want to return for a sandwich to sample the crunchy crust of traditional French bread. 

On the way out I stepped on the old ceramic tile floor that had anchored Robbins for decades and was left in place by the new business. It neatly tied the past with the present, honoring history while adding ambiance to today.
uise use Came here with some old friends for a casual hangout / mid-life crisis check-in and the environment was so fitting. The service is always top notch and the decor is vintage meets vintage which is cool for a center city spot. In the past you would order your food and come pick it up at the counter, but this is the first time I've personally experienced servers bringing you the food. I 

LOVE the food here. I only had a small problem with the portion size for my fried eggs with fried onion and avocado meal being pretty small with loads of bread, but at least it tasted good. My ice coffee was really good and creamy.
 I was afraid to drop a fork or giggle at a joke because everyone was so quiet.

I'll def be back with a good
For a late Monday morning, this restaurant was surprisingly busy and the staff seemed very frantic. I sat at an open table which I soon realized was sticky from the previous guest and was never wiped down. There were also a lot of flies in the restaurant which was pretty annoying. 

My omelet arrived quickly and was just okay - definitely not something I would go out of my way for again. I find my experiences at the other LPQ higher up on Walnut to be pretty consistently solid, and that is my preferred location for sure.
The service was good.  they did not hover, but were available when needed.  The food was ok.  I have had the pain au chocolats from here, and they are delicious.  I had the eggs this morning and they were just ok.
Reaching for the authentic French experience but instead crash landing in the middle of the Atlantic. Very pretentious for a bakery/cafe.  For what you pay, the service and quality of food is massively underwhelming. Eggs were bland. Bread wasn't fresh. Coffee cups had no handles. No handles?? The server told me, "this is how they do it in France". Which is obviously false but alright, guess I'll just wait until my coffee cools off enough to hold the "cup" (aka small bowl to you ignorant Americans) then. The place itself is actually very aesthetically pleasing but it's a shame it's the only thing going for it.
I walked in, took a peek and walked right out. 
3 or 4 flies all over their pasties! I went to take a picture and the dude behind the counter waved them off. Disgusting! Who does that?! 
I understand a fly in the room. It happens but to see them on the pastries that aren't for display purposes only, makes you wonder what they do in the back. 

Won't be back. Horrible first impression!
Here you can- enjoy daily freshly made breads, croissants,  fruit tarts, pastries, grab breakfast or lunch , with daily soup, the daily french tartine, coffee,  hot Chocolaté,  tea and other cafe goods in this commercial cafe with a traditional French flare, alone, with friends, the family or co-workers. 
Although it's a commercial chain,  Le Pain Quotiden doesn't feel like a cookie cutter Starbucks or other coffee chains. It definitely has more of a local feel and a strong French feel. 

My ratings are based on a scale of 1 to 5,
Where 1 is tragic and 5 is Ouuww terrific! 

My overall rating for this location is- 5 stars for a chain. Nostalgic to the ones me and my father would go to when I was young,  in Manhattan.  

Food/meals-4 stars 
Croissants and breads- 5 star
Espresso- 4.5 stars
Cafe le lait- 5 stars
Latte- 5 stars
Mocha & chocolates- 5 stars
Pastry and tarts- 5 stars
Customer service- 5 stars Paul was very accommodating and detailed to care. 
Cleanliness- 4 stars
Ambiance- 4.5  stars and typical of a corner cafe, with a relaxed,  open vibe that is never too crowded. 
Decor- 5 stars. Feels really French, from the black & white small title floors, to the rustic wooden tables and antique like cabinets.
Le pain quotidien is a nice little break from work with a nice, albeit slight expensive selection of brunchie food. We came here for a make-shift morning business meeting. I tried the avocado toast, which was the most popular item, and overall it was good, as you would expected with...bread, avocado and mixed veggies, although there were certain areas of super-salty regions, but the serving size was respectable. I would have liked more tables to be connected to power outlets, but since Le Pain Quotidien is not designed as a working cafe, it's forgivable.
So today's lunch outing was looking up .... waaayyyy up!  My sorority sister / best friend from college was randomly coming through Philadelphia, as she was traveling for business.  The lunch date stars aligned perfectly, as she arrived into the city at 12:00 ish and found a parking spot directly in front of my office.  At this point, we should have known things were too good to be true!  

I was going to go with Jones or Strangelove, but since we are both watching our waist lines these days, we opted for healthier / lighter fare and decided on Le Pain Quotidien.  I'd ordered lunch takeout (soup & salad) a few months back, it was ok ... so I figured we could give it the good ole college try today.

Yes, I get that the food is organic, but can you please make sure that it tastes good ... please! (it is possible - see my review for FUEL) Now, before I can even discuss the food - I have to chat about the wait .... the very, very (you could go somewhere else order and finish your entire meal plus dessert before LPQ even brings out your dish) looooong wait.  You are thinking ... well maybe these two ancient sorority girls ordered a meal w/ a lot of preparation.  Au contraire mon french frere, we both ordered SALADS.  

I ordered the Nicoise - totally underwhelming except for the slice of anchovy on top.  And Samantha ordered the Caprese salad, which is so much so her favorite, that she has it at least once a week!  Unfortunately, she said that this $14+ Caprese ranked at one of the worst she has ever had.  Well, its a sad day for Philly when a Pittsburgh gal is in town, and has a terrible meal (womp, womp) but I guess I (not my fare city of Philly) should take the fall for this, since afterall, I'm the one who chose LPQ.

Also our waiter was sorta awkward in avoiding the huge elephant in the room - the fact that it took 40+ minutes for 2 salads.  Our waiter was not apologetic as one would expect.  A $35+ tip lunch(w/o drinks, dessert, etc) desserves more - service, good food, a smile .... SOMETHING!
This location has the wonderful addition of mice dwelling around the floor. 

While I usually encourage the peaceful treatment of our animal brethren, I'm sure that this extra occupant is probably not welcome under the health codes of this specific municipality. 

In sum, it's not just your regular Le Pain Quotidien, you'll also get your daily vermin
Never again.  Stopped in to grab breakfast before an appointment and I regret it.  It was honestly a waste of money and my tastebuds. The lemonade is aggressive and bitter. Not sweet at all I'm not sure how anyone drinks it and it shouldn't be 4 bucks.  I ordered a bacon egg and cheese.  I sat there patiently waiting for my order.  I know how kitchens can be.  I waited about 24 minutes and nothing. I finally got up and said something. The kitchen forgot my order somehow. Maybe if they weren't busy talking and on their cellphones in the kitchen they'd be more focused. The sandwich I got wasn't worth the 8 bucks. Half cooked bacon and a half cooked egg. Half the yolk was cooked and the rest was runny.  That spicy ketchup they use isn't good either. The cheese and the bread were the only things good.  The cashier was polite but damn.
While I have yet to dine at this particular Le Pain Quotidien, I do have to give their staff five giant stars for helping me out the other day. I was running late to a personal training session at Platoon's new facility and I realized as I got to the corner of 8th and Walnut that I actually wasn't sure about the exact address. Panicked and without my iPhone, I popped into Le Pain Quotidien to see if, by chance, one of the employees would know where the place was located. 

After explaining my predicament, the friendly young lady behind the counter popped out her smart phone and checked her Yelp app for me. I got to my appointment with a few minutes to spare and a smile of relief. I'll be sure to update once I return for a paid experience!
Nice breakfast today in a relaxed environment and great menu choices.  My server was friendly and attentive. I had a fruit salad that was fresh cut to order and had strawberries, pineapple, blackberries, blueberries and banana all very fresh. Then I enjoyed the Avocado & Tomato two egg omelette made fresh served with greens and bread, I did not eat the bread and if your dieting too avoid the bakery counter tempting but I did good.
The avocado and tomato were both fresh and plentiful so this turned out to be a great healthy breakfast.
I absolutely LOVED this place. They lured me in on a hot summer day with a chalk board advertisment for a "watermelon cooler". I went in just for a cold drink, but left with a hibiscus cressoint and free almond pastry! The display of baked goods was far too alluring to reject. 

And, just for checking in on Yelp, I received a free mini-pastry. 

There was plenty of outdoor and indoor seating, and it seemed as though service was pretty quick. It was both a very trendy and intimate setting; I would totally come here with a few friends or on a date! 

BEST OF ALL, their plastic products are all compostable. I am sometimes apprehensive to eat out because of the heavy plastic use in carry-out restaurants, but I was so pleased to see they use compostable cups and paper straws. 

The cashier was very friendly and eager to answer questions I had about the baked goods.  The snacks and watermelon cooler were DELICIOUS. I am really excited to visit again with friends.
Good breakfast, just nothing special about it. I got the breakfast bowl which had cabbage, avocado, eggs, quinoa and a few other things. I could have used more creaminess to it as cabbage itself is not the most flavorful vegetable. The turmeric tea was good, but at $5 for a mug, a steep price. Unfortunately it just felt like a chain restaurant and I can get this food anywhere.
It's nice having a LPQ in Philly. This one has everything you'd expect--lots of wood, a real clean environment and pretty damn fine coffee.

I don't disagree with Karen that it's overpriced, but you know exactly what you're getting into here when you walk in the door.

Try to get one of the croissants that are a little under-cooked so you can taste the moist buttery flavor.
Busy, high traffic location. Went there for brunch during peak hours and was seated immediately. The service was great but food was better! The smoked salmon and scallion omelet was to die for! Their food is all organic and the decor is eco friendly. The jams provided was tasty as well. The food presentation is adorable and chic. There are outdoor seating as well that would be nice for spring and summer.
This place has so much potential. They just can't seem to get it right. Breakfast wasn't very underwhelming. Ordered my eggs medium-well. It was more burnt on the bottom, sunny side up. The tomato soup - meh. Salad - pretty boring. The quiche was probably the best tasting thing we ordered (and that's saying a lot).
The decore was nice.. Service was pretty good.. The food was average.. Price was high for average/bland food..  I had an omlete and it didnt come with potatoes, just spring mix and bread that wasn't toasted. It was just ok.. 3 stars.
Adorable restaurant. Had an extra few minutes for breakfast in the city, so I thought I'd negate my mile long walk to work with a coffee and croissant here. For someone who wanted to order a few items and then relax at one of the side tables, I must say it was a little frustrating.

They asked me if I wanted creamer in my coffee. I said, yes, please. But I like my coffee to look and taste like Haagen Daz ice cream, so when I went to search for more creamer, I couldn't find any. Had to get up and ask at the counter for extra creamer.

Sat down again and realized they didn't provide me with any napkins. Got up again to look for napkins. None to be found. Back at the counter.

Finally sat down and pulled out my croissant. I had asked for butter. Needed something to spread it with. Nope, no utensils in sight. Decided not to irritate the staff for my third trip to the counter and awkwardly used my stirrer as a knife.

Just a heads up. Otherwise, the coffee and croissant was fine.
Highly disappointed.!  My other 3 family members didn't want to eat here after a show a Walnut Street Theater but I convinced them based on the good reviews and seemingly good atmosphere. Of course they were crowded but it's a Sunday morning and they are a restaurant at 8th and Walnut- one would think they would be prepared for a busy brunch. We got a table right away but waited 10 minutes for a server to take our drink order and then another 15 minutes for 2 coffees and 2 OJ's. Finally our food came after what seemed like forever.  We had to ask for utensils, butter, syrup, water and napkins. The food was mediocre at best but it's the overall wait and experience that had us feeling like they stole $50 from us. Seems like a management issue ( not enough servers, not overseeing the dining room). Next time we'll skip it and go to Starbucks or Knead.
I had a long night at work in the night shift and wanted to treat myself to a nice breakfast before going to sleep. 

It was a Saturday morning at 8:30 am and the place was understandably pretty empty  (I've passed by the this place on weekdays afternoons and it's always packed). I liked the offerings on the menu (I much appreciated the calorie and sodium counts however scary). It's nice to just sit by the big windows and peacefully people watch. 

I decided to try the Baker's breakfast and this will definitely fill you up (I actually ordered this with the soup of the day and ended up having to pack some as leftovers). It is ok, so was the carrot soup I had. Just ok...honestly, the honey, lemon ginger tea was the best thing I had. That ginger will perk you right up. 
My server was lovely but it seems like this place gets easily overwhelmed. At one point it was just myself, a couple and a family of 4 and then the service just slowed to a standstill. I wanted my check but for 25 minutes no one came to check on me, so I went to the cashier front area to ask and had to wait another 10 minutes for someone to come back to my table...not sure what was going on. 

Also the bathrooms are locked so ask staff for the code. 
And the side door is very heavy and I saw a few people assume the place was closed because the door wouldn't open unless you put your back into it
The war rages on and coffee stains the battleground, stale sugar packets bespeckle the conscience. The fighting sides are, as always, form and content. Form, the blue-clad, shoes shined, bayonet-polished soldier. Content, those men in gray, suits made on their wives's loom, the scrappy fighters who care not how they appear. It's all about the quality of their fighting, the quality of their mission. 

Men of substance are gone, disagreements of merit have faded. And so we battle over coffee. I'm guilty above all. But if it is to be a war, I will not fight for Le Pain Quotidien. Overpriced and overrated, their $3.10 coffee mug which is both unnecessary and watered down is nothing to write home from the front about. 

The first time I ate at an LPQ was in Convent Gardens in London. The frittata special was above par, and it was nice to find a shelter from the day's business; but, on any other day, I'd take a Starbucks. I'd walk to your Dunkin' Donuts for a coffee and sit outside in a park somewhere. 

I've been to three different LPQs in Philadelphia and at every single one, I've been rushed, pressured, and disappointed. I don't have the money to spend on a $3 coffee, or a $7 bowl of oatmeal (even if they are steel-cut). [Sidenote: if you want steel-cut oatmeal, look no further than your local Trader Joe's]. 

Yes, it's a battle. LPQ has a sharp look, but even that promising invitation to their communal table can't overcome the lack of substance, of content, of the real grit that makes a good place to sit and read and drink your coffee.
After an exciting day on Jewelers' Row we stopped in here for a celebratory dessert and a drink. When we explained to the man at the counter that we didn't necessarily want to order a meal but would like to just sit down with a pastry we were told that the GM was currently in the restaurant and he wouldn't like that. This was when there were only about 3 tables taken. 

Anyway, we understood that the guy at the counter didn't want to get in trouble. We ordered our green iced tea, belgium hot chocolate and raspberry pastry and settled for standing at a tall table that's on the take out side of the place. 

The iced tea was standard, the belgium hot chocolate tasted like burned milk, the raspberry tort wasn't too bad. The damage: $14! Definitely not worth it. In all honesty, we should've walked across the street to Starbucks. We would've been much better off.
Stopped in here for a vacation breakfast. I've never had avocado toast out before and let me tell you it was great. Atmosphere was great, and the service was great as well. Definitely a great start to a day of traveling and shopping.
This nice little cafe shop is a cute little spot for breakfast and lunch. They have very good muffins and danish items but are a little pricey.  Their Blueberry muffin is my favorite thing to get when I want something quick on the go.  Also I had a breakfast sandwich once that was just average tasting but again little expensive.
Looked like a beautiful place to eat.  But the coffee was served cold and the prices were way too high.  Oatmeal with fruit was $10 but you chose between bananas or berries. Tea and coffee was each $4 and tea had no refills.  Food is mediocre at best. Will never go back to one.
I have a love affair with Le Pain Quotidien. I live in Los Angeles, and I eat at the Pasadena location at LEAST once a month. 

So you can imagine my delight when I saw one right across the street from where I was taking my mom for her doctor appointment! She's been to LPQ with me before, so we were both looking forward to having some breakfast following the appt.

The only seats open and clean were at the communal table. We sat side by side and waited for menus. I noticed a few tables that were empty but had not been bussed. We waited quite awhile for menus, but were told that our server would be with us very soon.

Our server came, but not very quickly. When he arrived, we ordered our meal. We asked for a tea and a coffee, as well as two waters. We had to ask for the waters three times before they finally came!

When the food arrived, it was fine. I ordered my tomato and avocado omelette staple, and it tasted fine. When our food came, I asked for the jams. Nothing came until I had finished my omelette, and it wasn't the usual trio of spreads, but just a jar that it looked like he grabbed off the shelf. There were two of the jam trios on the unbussed tables.

Needless to say, I wasn't thrilled with my experienced. In my servers defense, it seemed like he was the only one working that morning which is extremely unfair to him. They were severely understaffed, which obviously effects more than they might realize. I'm alright never coming to this location again.
Convenient Belgian cafe to enjoy an organic, sustainable European breakfast.

LPQ located throughout the city as well as in Wayne, PA is an eco-friendly cafe that claims to be carbon neutral. The menu offers a variety of seasonal superfood offerings including a turmeric chai latte and avocado toast, made with all or mostly organic and local ingredients. 

The warm drinks and juices are delicious - I particularly enjoy the Belgian Hot Chocolate. A selection of milk options is available including nut-based milks. 

All of the breads are baked fresh daily. The flavor is a bit more plain than you would get elsewhere, but I guess that is a result of the all-natural baking process. Everything is tasty regardless!

The prepared foods are delicious as well. I am a big fan of their French Toast or Avocado Toast for breakfast. Folks watching what they eat will have no problem finding something healthy and delicious here. 

All in all Le Pain Quotidien is one of Philadelphia's real gems. You can't go wrong enjoying a casual breakfast or brunch here among friends!
Great Bakery with a variety of options but so over priced!! A salad and a small pie or dessert dish ran me well over $12. Granted their service is always top notch, very friendly. The soups are great as well and won't break the bank as much. Plus try their mini quiches for that quick sweet snack (they usually have unique flavors)
This place is so great! I always swing by after a dr. Appt for avocado toast and their delish coffee! The staff is always so friendly and welcoming- if you come make sure you ask for Dion or Mary, they are great and will take care of you! Dion always remembers my order and will greet me with my coffee as soon as I sit-  so great!
Not sure if it's because I was hungry, but I had the best omelette that I've ever had outside of my kitchen. Mainly is because everything is organic and fresh. I ordered the tomato omelette and avocado that comes with toast and a side salad. Very healthy and very tasty!
We went here on Veterans Day in between medical appointments at Jefferson. It's a very convenient location to have a leisurely cup of coffee. We ordered breakfast of soft boiled egg and smoked salmon as well as avocado toast. We sat at the long communal table and had some great conversation with a couple from New Jersey. Service could be a little bit better but it wasn't bad and the coffee is serving French bowl so it does tend to get a little cold so if you like a coffee really hot this is not the place for you.
Very cute French-style bakery-restaurant with a staff that was friendly and happy to be of service.

We had: 
Ham & Gruyere Croissant: smaller than expected, but delicious
Dragonfruit Smoothie Bowl: friend said it was great
Watermelon drink special:  had mint and maybe orange juice, it was very refreshing
Iced Coffee: very good
Espresso: very good, with nice "espumita" (foam that covers a well-made Cuban coffee)

The baguettes and rustic breads on the racks looked so appetizing, it is unfortunate we did not have more time in our trip to grab one for later snacking.

Overall, Starbucks-like prices with good flavors all around.
So I have been here a few times. The place is really nice, clean, and very open. They have a seat yourself policy which is fine so just be aware of where you are when you go in. My only thing is that service in this location is really spotty. Sometimes you get a great server and they are quick and attentive but other times you can wait 15 or 20 mins just for water. The servers just seem disorganized when I have been there. The food is good with lots of healthy options but very overpriced, even for area. I probably won't be going back anytime soon.
We went there on a Sunday morning. The staff was very friendly and made us feel welcome. The food, albeit a little pricey, is worth the extra cost. At least here you get what you pay for. The food is healthy and fresh and you can rest assured there's nothing from a chemical lab in anything sold here.

Steel-cut oatmeal with fresh fruit was nice and tasty. The portion sizes were decent. Trader Joe's steel-cut oatmeal is ordinary-tasting.

The whole wheat French toast was very healthy, especially with different chocolate sauces that were put out for us to try.

The blueberry jam was fantastic, so fresh!

The seasonal apple cider (available hot or iced) was refreshing.

Can't wait to go back the next time we are in town.
Yummy and healthy choices, with calorie counts on each item. Service wasn't exactly welcoming and the table was never cleaned. Staff is pretty crappy, but at least the fare allows someone who is watching every calorie to eat quality food and keep track. I would return despite the service, which was not slow, just very offhand and not friendly.
I really love the charm of this place and the decor is so cute- fresh flowers on the table even! Pretty pricey, but I enjoyed my cold brew. For 8 AM on a Friday morning, this place was empty and the staff was moving at a glacial pace. Not ideal for a quick morning coffee, but I'll forgive them.
Stumbled upon this place and walked in for breakfast.  Everyone thought the food was great.  Scrambled eggs,  granola and yogurt parfait,  muffins, french toast.  Tea was good and coffee was much better than the major chain across the street.  Great experience.
Arrogance comes at a price, and the price here is dear. Snotty waiter commands instead of asks patrons to buy expensive soups and drinks to add to an already pricey meal "Let's at least get a cup of soup with that-and a drink" at $7 for a cup of soup and $4 for a not entirely filled soft drink and sneers at you when you politely refuse and ask for water, which comes at room temperature-nearly $50 total for two people to eat lunch there, when a street vendor charges $5 per person and thanks you for it. Never again.
Very delicious and fresh. Loved the hummus! I was truly happy with the service and food... Whenever
 in Philadelphia I will most definitely stop here.
I had the special pear and endive salad. For the size, it was very over priced at $13.50. In my experience a salad of that size should be about $8. The flavors were nice but nothing remarkable. I tend to like my salads lightly dressed but this took that to a new level. I would have liked more dressing to along with the bread. 

My server was not attentive for a quick bite, I waited 5 minutes after clearly my plate and pushing it away for him to come over and ask if I wanted desert, while I had my credit card sitting out.
This looks like the kind of place to bring a book or headphones versus the laptop. However tile floor and wood surfaces get loud I bet. This is based off a carry-out walkthrough.

Staff ready. Open only four days. Clean, fresh and bright. Classical music. Big oval communal table in center. Seats 18. Booths along the side with outside seating available.

Obviously just rehabbed the space so some construction smell right now. That will leave I bet. They did make an effort to keep the wood light (not deep stain) and they also kept the awnings from obstructing the big windows above. The building faces the rising sun so winter should be toasty and bright.

Asked cashier about the mustard got a good insightful response. Ham and gruyere on a baguette was ready fast (11:30 on Wednesday) and had the nice salty spice it should. A fundamental choice for the first and it was done well.

Free not too sweet brownie while you wait is ... um... both good and bad?

They have little retail area for nutella, torts, danish, loaves, honey and stuff.
This place is amazing! I went to dine in and the friendly staff tells you that you can sit wherever you're comfortable and then promptly brings you a menu. My waitress was great. I think her name was Kelly. The food was phenomenal, albeit a little pricey. I had the Quinoa salad, which my waitress kindly told me is pronounced Keen-Wah. I will definitely be going there often. Le Pain Quotidien is a much needed addition to the neighborhood.
Overpriced for sure - I mean, I spent nearly $20 (including tip) for a lemonade/ice green tea and a tomato-brie-proscuitoo omelette.  Sheesh.

Meanwhile the service was terrific (2 very nice gals) and I got to feel like a true "Lady Who Lunches" (Or rather breakfasts??) on a Friday at 9 AM.

Breads are stellar - and they serve a myriad of tasty confitures (apricot!!) and chocolate spreads (Noir, Noisette) to go with them.

Next time I will get a croissant to go and save $12.
We were walking around the area trying to find a place to charge my phone. Starbucks was full so, we ended up here. This is way better than being at Starbucks. They have alcohol, charcuterie, salads, sandwiches, omelettes, quiche, waffles, tartines, soup, tea, coffee, etc.

Our server was patient with us. She made several trips to find out what we want but if you're dealing with 2 females, you'll have a tough time. Since we just ate, we had a tough time making a decision and we were also busy talking instead of looking at the menu.  We went from having coffee to quiche, to salad to omelette to tartine...and finally, fromage and charcuterie. All I know was that, I wanted Prosecco.

"Our wines are made with organic grapes. Enjoy the good life, save the planet" - don't mind if I do. I'm all about enjoying the good life and saving the planet.

Mixte Assiette de Fromage and Charcuterie:
500-560 calories. Yes, they have calorie information for each item on their menu. Includes prosciutto, salami, bleu cheese, brie, white cheddar, bread and cornichons. 4/5

The place is bright and very homey. I was telling my friend it's what I imagine Martha Stewart's kitchen looked like before she went to jail. There are tables for 2 or more and a long community table. Nice vibe.
A great place if you're not hungry. Quality of coffee and baked goods surpasses Starbucks and Au Bon Pain. Table service is a nice touch. Ultimately, however, it's just a place for a coffee and a nosh. I'm not sure if the average person is going to make a trip or pay 33% more for what's offered.

Owww my nuts
Stopped in for a Sunday breakfast around 10am. We ordered omelettes, Ham & Gruyere and Avocado and Tomato. Very nice presentation with a bit of salad and two nice slices of different type bread. Apparently they bake everything on site. The omelettes were great. Strong Coffee was served in smallish porcelain pots we ordered two. Coffee is drunk from large cups with no handles. 

The place began to fill up we saw that the take out line was almost out the front door. Seems like many locals order then stop in to pick up. Always a good sign. 

Dominique our server was good and came by from time to time to check on us. We noted that the large family style table in the center of the place had jams, honey and other fixin's and we had to help ourselves as these were not at our table. It would have been good to have had some butter and other condiments available or brought out.  Only salt and pepper was on our table. 

We enjoyed our meal. 

Price was a bit high for breakfast.

We would return when in this part of town.

Nancy & Mark.
I love farmhouse tables!  But I did not have the opportunity to dine at one.  Instead, I ordered takeout -- the lentil, chickpea, and avocado salad.  If you are feeling in a healthy mood, this salad does not disappoint.  It is packaged neatly (with compostable utensils) and comes with two pieces of rustic bread.  This salad is on point.  It should be.  It clocks in at $13, but so worth it in my opinion.

There was a bit of a wait for the salad, so you might want to call ahead.

After a forgettable brunch at the west of broad location, I am eager to sample more items from the Wash West outpost.
Overpriced chain restaurant. Came in for lunch, tiny little Ham/cheese croissant and tiny side salad for $13.50. Wanted $3 to add an egg on it, which wouldve made a basic lunch sandwich $16.50. Pricing is way out of line compared to independent places in the area. Taste was average/ok.
I had a very unfortunate experience at this location. But I gave it three stars because the food was delicious. The service wasn't so great. Our waiter had to be prompted for everything which is frustrating when you're coming in for brunch and the place is empty, so there's no real reason to be so slow. One of the waiters that brought our dishes wasn't very polite. So overall the experience was average. Like I said the food is good, so I'd recommend the goat cheese mushroom omelette!
Nice spot for breakfast, overpriced lattes but quality menu. The hot oatmeal with berries was delicious.
Terrible spot purely because of service! The bread and pastries are fine. Was there this morning to get a coffee and pastry and sit for 10 min. Neither I nor my friend heard from the person at the counter if it was for here or to go. He assumed to go, and then when we tried to get one of the 7-8 vacant tables he complained that we were trying to sit in when the order was to go! This when we both took a 2 person table away from the windiw while single folks were sitting on 4 people table by the window. What stupid policy that you cannot sit if you get an order to go (which we didn't to begin with!) 
I am not going in there again, as I feel the color of my skin played a role!
Definitely one of my best discoveries in a long time. To begin with, I absolutely loved the interior and the rustic feel mixed with the classical music, which made me so comfortable that it made me feel like i could be there all day. Such a relaxed, peaceful spot to start the day, I couldn't think of a better place to go.

I had an iced cafe latte, which was good but nothing special. The salmon omelette was really, really good (the waitress later told us the chef that morning specializes in omelettes) and the bread and jam to accompany it were so good that i was tempted to ask for more. 

Whether I was having a client meeting or just coming to hang out to read and just have a coffee this place did the trick and would be perfect for any of the above.
One thing I love best about non-sweltering, non-freezing weather is catching up on my reading in Washington Square. And what's a read in the park without lunch? Unlike overcrowded Rittenhouse, Washington Square isn't busting at the seams with takeout businesses. Usually it's Starbucks vs. Independent Coffee Shop vs. Tex Mex, vs. munching on dried fruit and nuts from Nuts to You. Starbucks is, well, Starbucks. Independent Coffee Shop has really weak iced coffee. I hardly ever feel like Tex Mex. And while Nuts to You is awesome as a pantry-stuffer, I always eat way too much of any mix I buy. The little strip just got one great addition.

I know Le Pain Quotidien is a chain but the bread is really good which is more than i can say for a lot of places. They have a full menu of coffee and tea drinks and you can pick up a pot of honey if you need to. They also have a full line of Belgian spreads which are amazing (speculoos!). The pastries look delicious though the only one I've tried is the plain croissant. The sandwiches are a mixture of classic baguette sandwiches and some new spins. They're kind of expensive but the bread is so good, it almost doesn't matter. The iced coffee is sufficiently strong and the service is nice. Note that you can't sit down unless you want waiter service so it's not quite a coffee shop, but the takeout area is perfect for lunches in the park and that, after all, is its greatest appeal on a block crying out for more to choose from.

There are tons of great eateries in this city so I can't bring myself to give this place more than three stars though it deserves another one just for filling a void.
I went here on a Saturday afternoon for lunch.  The place was pretty empty so I cannot figure out why the service was so mediocre.  There were plenty of wait staff around but I constantly had I flag my waiter over for water, the bill, to pick up my payment. I ordered a cobb salad which was just okay.  For 9.99 I would have been just fine with it but it was nearly 16.00.  Shame on me I suppose for ordering a $16 salad at a chain restaurant.  I suppose if all you want is coffee and a little pastry, then this place would be okay.  And it's good for groups.  But I will opt for something else when in need of a light lunch.
I have been to this location a few times. The service is always pretty good and I've never had many complaints about it.

I've never had any food here, just some coffee or tea usually. One time there was a bug in my fresh mint tea (since it was fresh mint, I let it slide) and one time my tea came out lukewarm. Another time I ordered one of their special drinks... Turmeric latte. It sounded good but tasted awful. My friend ordered it at a different location and it was made totally different, which I thought was ratchet. 

I like that they have a lot of vegan food choices, which I really want to get sometime. The prices are a little high, but I would pay them if I was hungry enough. I might not pick Le Pain, but I don't mind coming here.
B

This a very cute restaurant with cozy vibe. Great place for a weekend brunch. It's not too packed and the service is great so you don't feel rushed to finish your food. 

We ordered avocado toast and grilled chicken and mozzarella melt. 

Both good toasts however the avocado was a bit too fresh. Price is a bit pricey for the amount of food, but still worth while checking it out.
This is a cute, reasonably priced restaurant with yummy selections.  I like the oatmeal and open faced sandwich with cheese, delicious.  Staff there are friendly, it's nice to have waiter service.  Everything is yummy, I want to try more things there.
The only good think there is the coffee the rest is okay food. And I don't really recommend that place it's so god dam expensive.
Work near by figured I'd try it out. Food was okay but I left hungry and paid $3 for a single slice of cheese. Will never go back.
Eh.  I expected better:
- my quiche seemed a little warmed over;
- no recitation of the daily specials by server;
- no offering of bread despite it being implicit in the name; and
- no, those spots in the cup weren't part of the pattern in the porcelain.
Looks like a cute place but came into order breakfast for takeout but saw several fruit flies on the baked goods on the counter so we left
My husband and I went here for lunch thinking it would be good to try something different. We were wrong. We ordered our meal which was a sandwich and side salad. We each got lemonade (very sour) and an apple turnover. We waited. We had no idea where to go and of course the staff were too busy gossiping to care.  We meandered over to a table and chairs and after an extraordinary amount of time a bag was brought and handed to us without a word. When we got home we realized they forgot the apple turnovers so I called and the person looked it up and said they would take them off of the bill. They never did. They lied. And in effect they stole from us. I will never eat here again. 

UPDATE:
I reached out as requested and no one returned my message. Nothing has changed except a firmer resolve to avoid this place.
This location, unlike it's dysfunctional counterpart at 1425 Walnut, has excellent service.  Even when there is a theatre rush the staff here handles things. Unfortunately, I am so pisssed at 1425 I'll be making my omelets at home on a forwardgoing basis.
Stopped in here for lunch before catching a show at the Walnut Street Theater. Place was pretty busy but luckily we were able to find a table for 2. They have one large communal table in the middle of the restaurant and then personal tables around the edge of the restaurant. My wife went with the mushroom frittata and I had the chicken Cobb salad. Both of our meals were good but we did feel like service was a little slow. Portion sizes of our meals was decent. All in all, we had a good experience and would likely consider returning again.
service needs improvement. the waffles are tiny, and they dont have warm syrup. I had to request syrup for my waffle, and by the time i got it my waffle was ice cold. 
Won't be back
The toasts were difficult to chew on! They over toasted? I don't know. The food weren't that fresh anyways! Maybe it was because I went in the afternoon? ‍
Horrible customer service. I will never come back here again. To make a long story short, I purchased an unsweetened iced tea to go because it was almost 100 degrees today. It came to 4.00 and some odd change which is a LOT of money for an iced tea. After I drank it, I had asked for a refill because I was dehydrated, but was told they didn't give refills, so I had to pay another 4.00 + change for a refill. I have NEVER been so turned off by customer service and management in my life.

Also many flys and bugs flying around the pastries. This place is health code violation and should be shut down!

I will not be returning to this establishment and I will make a corporate complaint.
Once again Tops- Tippy Tops! Love this place! 
Paris ham gruyere cheese- egg sandwich- Americano coffee- yummy yum yum! 
The small dish of mustards add a bunch of flavor. $20 breakfast and worth it!
Le Pain Quotidien always brings back so many childhood memories. Seeing the black chalkboards written with specials, wooden tables, and rustic finish, make Le Pain Quotidien a place that you can sit down and catch up with anyone. 

The dishes are always so fresh tasting, but what I especially like to order are the tartines or the quiches (quiche Lorraine is my favorite!). The flavor of your tartine depends on what you choose, but it's served on this slightly sour toasted wheat sourdough bread and a classic side salad. If you get the extra bread, I recommend trying it with the spreads they have on the table. Sure it's a lot of bread, but we're talking at le pain here!
In passing I mentioned to my cousin that the placed looked cute and she made brunch happen the next day at this cute health conscious bakery/cafe.  

I had so many options I couldn't decide on what to order. I ended up getting the egg white omelet with fresh tomatoes and avocados.  It came with a arugula salad and sourdough bread.  The omelet was fluffy and made perfectly.  The avocado was the perfect creamy touch and the salad was dressed lightly with a honey dijon dressing.  Now since my cousin had been here before she knew to ask for an assortment of spreads.  They brought over this amazing praline spread that was the perfect touch of sweet after a savory brunch. 

I would love to come back here and try their croissants and smoked salmon tartines.  Everything looked amazing and the service was great.
A wonderful spot for brunch! Fabulous food, coffee and tea! The chocolate croissant was flaky and fabulous. The quiche and melt were the best. The service was wonderful as well!
