I was in Philadelphia for the NFC Championship game that the Eagles were playing in and I decided to spend some time walking around Chestnut and Walnut Street. I was a bit hungry and settled on getting something before the game. Since I was so close to Morton's, I thought about stopping off there, but realized I should stick to something more casual since I did not want to miss the start of the Eagle's game. Therefore, I decided to go to Le Pain Quotidien. 

I came in and was welcomed by the sight of a counter with all sorts of fresh bakery items and an overhead menu to my right and a large dining room straight ahead. The dining room itself was made up of a variety of smaller tables and chairs topped off with a communal table in the middle. Everything was also made out of beautiful wood giving it a nice, charming cafe feel.

Since I was in a bit of a rush, I decided to just get a quick snack from the bakery section rather than sit down. Soon after that, the cashier, who was very nice and polite came over and took my order. Throughout my brief, but pleasurable experience, he described everything that I asked about in great detail. I eventually decided on getting a large Belgian chocolate brownie and a Hazelnut flute and both of them were very solid. The brownie had the perfect level of sweetness and was nice and moist, it just melted right in your mouth. The flute was also very good with a nice hard outside with a touch of flour and a nice soft inside.

Altogether, Le Pain Quotidien offers a great assortment of delicious food and was a great place to stop off before the NFC Championship Game. Best of all, the Eagles ended up winning that game and we are moving on to Super Bowl LII, which I have a feeling we will end up winning. #FlyEaglesFly
I've been hitting up Le Pain Quotidien fairly regularly and have grown really fond of the place. The staff are all super friendly and they know the menu well. I love that the nutritional info is listed on every menu item - it makes choosing a healthy meal much easier. The warm grains bowl with goat cheese is decent, but I really love the vegetable quiche which is served with a side salad topped with the most delicious vinaigrette. 

For a quick and easy meal, cup of tea or coffee or even a glass of wine (they have a small but solid selection of beer, wine and cocktails), LPQ works.
I wavered between three and four stars for my first experience at Le Pain Quotidien. Ultimately, I went with three, with hopes that future visits will be improved. 

The café was larger than I expected, with tons of light wood and nooks which made the big space seem cozier. The long counter was filled with pastries and coffee bar fixings, and giant chalkboards outlined the daily specials. 

At noon on a Thursday, I had my pick of the tables, which quickly filled up after about ten minutes or so. My lunch date arrived and we ordered our beverages - water for both of us and a coffee for her. Since this restaurant is part of a large chain, I quickly noticed the calorie counts next to every item on the menu. Such a buzzkill, but definitely helpful in guiding one towards a healthier choice. I ordered the chicken curry salad tartine, which arrived in a timely manner and was presented quite beautifully. There were thin slices of radish and cucumber, some sliced fruit, and a smattering of diced chives all over the top. Gorgeous! While I found my lunch to be satisfying, I'll probably sample other tartines from the menu to determine a favorite. 

My biggest issue with lunch was the service. We received a plate of artisan bread but nothing to spread onto it. My water glass sat empty without a second look from our server, who was - how do you say in French - in ze weeds? We practically had to jump into her path to get her attention for the check, a good ten or fifteen minutes after we had finished eating.

I really enjoyed the place otherwise, and I look forward to returning, hopefully with better results.
As I tallied my expenses this morning I realized I had neglected to Yelp the best pastries I've eaten in a long, long time. 

Tucked into a bustling stretch of Walnut, Pain avails itself to the businessfolk and shoppers that frequent this part of downtown. I only stopped for coffee and a tasty tidbit on my way to the convention center. Stopped every day I was there. Because the tidbits were that good. 

My favorite was the pear and apple flaky from heaven turnover. It looked more like a rollover. It made my whole face smile. 

Their other artisanal gems in the case all looked to die for, but I hadn't the time or the inclination to die that day. 

I'll leave that to you, Philadelphia. Go get your sweet tooth on! 

So yummy.
LPQ is my favorite cafe in the city. It's nowhere near my home in West Philly OR my job in North Philly, but manage to stop off the BSL on my way home and spend at least one or two pleasant afternoons a week getting work done here. The space is airy and light-filled, and the tables are generous. I like to have lunch and nurse a cup of tea while I grade student work and prep for classes. 

I have a number of chemical sensitivities and like to eat a whole food diet, but I don't want to feel like I'm denying myself. At LPQ, the menu is a delicious mix of modern, European-inflected cafe food: seasonal, light, savory, and balanced, but still feel luxurious. 

I have always been very well cared for at LPQ by the friendly, efficient staff, and especially by Dana, my absolute favorite server. She remembers my favorite menu items and always takes a minute to check on me, even when I'm sitting in someone else's section. I have never been big on chain restaurants, but the individual attention I get here makes me feel like a real regular. It's a pleasure every time.
Thanks to the fine people at Le Pain Quotidien for opening its first location in Philly.  We deserve it.  Although I cannot pronounce their name right, and I'm probably butchering it every time I say it, I definitely like this place a lot.  I know that some might get sticker-shock when they take a look at the menu prices, but this NYC-import has ambiance and food quality (organic, healthy choices) that are hard to find anywhere else.

You might ask why a gluten-free person like myself would step inside this glutenous place, what with its bread baskets and delicious pastries teasing me.  I noticed that there are more GF choices here than there used to be - a quiche with GF buckwheat crust (veggie), plenty of salads with decadent cheeses and fun ingredients (I had the goat cheese salad with arugala, parm, pine nuts, lemon and olive oil...simply delicious).  Plus a nice selection of eggs and omelettes for breakfast.  My friend had their version of tuna salad, which had absolutely no mayo but he loved it (it's a dainty looking open-face sandwich with cucumber and radish slices).  Also had a hot cider that made my day after how cold it has been.  My friend Andrew had mint tea, which came with mint leaves in it - very very pretty and tasty!

From fruit/yogurt parfaits to bread to salads and coffee drinks, everything that comes out of this place looks beautifully made and presented that way.  Love the natural wood tables and chairs, and I especially love the communal tables.  

Stay tuned for more locations to come!  There are 28 in NYC and I'm sure this is the first of many in PHL.
I was in Rittenhouse area both Sat & Sunday, & I saw this place had opened. Curiosity, since heard somethings about it. I was very nice inside. Organic ingredients, huge, they believe in eating open area, everyone in big table, farm fresh items, grass fed meat, all very green, organic. My friend & I browsed, looked at the menu, but we had already eaten brunch,so next time we are in area, this would be nice change of pace for snack or lunch. Only sweet stuff is like danishes, muffins, etc, the menu consists of only savory components, nothing for sweet , like french toast or pancakes, so definitely check it out . the shelves sold Agava syrup, salts, seasonings, interesting items,so I will be returning.
So they did not know what an Iced Americano was, It was not in their POS, and then the lady charged me for a Latte with an extra shot. Shouldn't you be charging me for like maybe an iced coffee with an extra shot? Anyhoo, I payed almost 5 bucks for it. I never said anything, was not having it right before work. 

If it wasn't for their cheese danish and Hazelnut spread, I would put a one star. Sorry, but I don't know what you guys are up to if you don't know your coffee.
I guess I should've expected bad service since it seemed to be a theme in the other reviews. 

For the prices it should offer good service. You aren't getting a cheap meal here. 
I ordered the grilled chicken and smoked mozzarella sandwich, and the lentil soup. 

The sandwich never made it to the table. I somehow was blames for this by the manager. It was strange. 

The lentil soup was about as boring as can be. Also they give you an enormous portion. It's like a deep cereal bowl full of soup! Would be cool if it was tasty. Bread comes with it, it was not fresh. 

Overall I was disappointed by the food, and by the service. The manager did refund me but she clearly had to as the sandwich never made it to my table. 

Too bad, it seemed like it could be so good if they were a bit more passionate about their menu and service.
I was in the area..so this was the spot we decided to go..since we parked near Market St. We decided , my brunch buddy to get Organic spinach salad @ 13.95 with goat cheese, walnuts , etc.., she got split pea soup, I got almond tart. We both got latte, & it came in a cup with NO holders. As our waiter brought it to us, look like soup or something. Didn't like the fact that it was small, scolding hot, we would be burning our hands, what if you were eating , something sticky or greasy , slipped, coffee everywhere???!! Yeah..I was Not feeling that at all. The bill was expensive, for 2 of us, $33.00 , salad, 2 latte ..not  certain this is my choice all the time..can get little pricey..but the salad was Good.
I enjoy it here the most during the winter when the ambiance feels especially rustic and warm. This place also holds sentimental value as my dad was a huge fan of Le Pain and one of the last gatherings he coordinated was at this very location - he invited a large group of his visiting friends from medical school here for brunch.

My favorite thing on the menu used to be the avocado toast but yesterday it dawned on me that I had just paid $11.50 for a piece of bread that essentially was nothing more than mashed up avocado sprinkled with chia seeds.   I could legitimately purchase an entire loaf of bread from Le Pain and grab my own avocado and eat this very meal for days and for less. For this reason I have to admit that though I have no complaints regarding flavor, some things on the menu are one dimensional and overpriced.

I did however try the turmeric latte on the specials menu and recommend it. It was made specifically with coconut milk and so good that it inspired me to actually start using it as an occasional substitute for milk moving forward.
I came in for lunch on a lovely spring afternoon. I was in the mood for salad, and salad I did receive. I ordered the shrimp and mesclun salad with avocado, mango and tomato salsa. I was anticipating this was going to be a chunky, flavorful and inventive salsa, but really, what the menu was telling me was that this salad contained 1.  shrimp 2. mesclun 3. avocado 4. mango and 5. tomato salsa. It was good for what it was, I suppose. I enjoyed it. I enjoyed the crusty bread they brought me (baked on premises, is the rumor?), and spread a little avocado on it (no butter or oil came with the bread.) But the salad was not $15.50 worthy. Almost $17 worth of lunch with tax (and that's pre-tip or take out prices, peeps.) The shrimp wasn't grilled, the salsa was lackluster and a little bland. I was just not wow-ed into happily handing over my Visa for a $17 lunch. On another note, the waitress checked in a couple times, but never offered to refill my water. One thing I can say was that the food came out lightning fast. It does look like they have some killer tarts and chocolates, and I've bought some quality (but $6 for a sleeve of 8) cookies here before, so maybe stop in for some quick dessert and not a sit-down meal, unless you're up for shelling out.
Organic, Shmorganic.....$49.00 for salad, soup and grilled cheese. Now, I understand Center City Prices, but holy crap. I guess they think their the Le Bec-Fin of the bread and organic lettuce. The food took a while to come out, but it was good, Service was good, Price was terrible. We only ate there because  El Fuego wasn't open yet, but that will be our last time.
One and DONE..
Even though the whole place was empty, I was not allowed to sit down anywhere because I was ordering from the counter. Hmph!

Sidenote: the first time I ever went here, I was sitting next to this fancy Parisian woman. She asked the waiter when her food was coming out because it was taking a while. He responds "It should be out shortly". She then starts to yell, "What does shortly mean? You keep saying shortly and I see no food. If I have to wait any longer, I am going to buy this place!!"  - I could not help but giggle. I wish I had that much money to say such things when receiving bad service.
Good flavors? oh yes
Quality for price? bit overpriced
Competent service? not really
Clean joint? yes
Real beers? nope

Central location, one farmer's table and lots of smaller 2&4-tops, clean for a downtown location.  Very much like all the others, tad overpriced, tad smallish portions, tad poor service (our waitress brought our drinks and put them both down with a thumb in each... Back they went)... They do have the best coconut macaroons outside of Kaiser's, though!
This place is so annoying. First off everything is 30% more than it should be. Everything! I ordered a large ice coffee and they bring me a small glass...huh? And why can't I walk in to get a beverage, sit down for a few and then leave w/o an entire server situation? Wtf? It's like they have no idea how most "cafés" actually work. Even when money and time are no object, it's impossible to get full after spending $15 on lunch! Again, wtf.
I was so happy to see signs up for an LPQ. I spent many Sunday afternoons at their DC local.

I love the concept of this place and the crowd it attracts. I wish the food were better though. I have been to a number of the NY locations, and the food is consistent from cafe to cafe, it just isn't great. The broccoli soup was bland and required salt and pepper by the spoonful to be edible. For a bakery, the bread is especially disappointing and is really just a vehicle to deliver the to-die-for hazelnut and praline spreads to your mouth. (If you aren't sitting at the communal table, you will have to ask for them).

I am sure I will frequent LPQ many more times, but it will be despite the food, not because of it.
I went here one time before and it took almost 20 minutes to get an oatmeal to go, so I figured I would give it another try and it took over ten minutes to get an oatmeal to go even though there was nobody in the place! No sense of urgency amongst the staff. Stick with Starbucks.
I have been here a few times and I would have to say I am a fan.  Many reviews written for this location point out that it is expensive for what it is...  It's not a cheap/quick eatery.   Many of the dishes are prepared with organic ingredients; in my opinion it's reasonable to expect the cost to be higher than average.  (Two entrees, two teas, two desserts: $46+ Tip).  As a vegan I appreciate that there are several, clearly labeled, unique options in each category of the menu.  I am always pleased with the quality of the food and the straightforward presentation.  Service is somewhat less predictable (today, at times, my server seemed to disappear at critical moments... wanting more tea, for example).  I'm usually here for business meetings and not in a rush so I like that they don't hover over me, and it's a pleasant environment for conversation.
PS - Just because the name is French, that doesn't mean it's a take on a Parisian cafe.  French is spoken in many other places besides Paris and even France-- namely, Belgium, where LPQ was founded.  That said, probably the most well-known (and tempermental) French chef in Philly was sitting right behind our group while we ate, raving about the food and the service, along with his group of friends.
Thank you for coming to live here in Philly, LPQ. 

You are my favourite place to grab a sandwich or some salad. And now I don't have to go visit you in New York.

Your breads are delicious, but so is your seaweed salad which tasted fresh and amazing last night when I came to see you.

Your mint lemonade is refreshing, buuuut this isn't New York, so I'm thinking that we need to do a little re-price because the only drink this girl spends $4 on is happy hour wine at Tria. 


Go here now. The space is beautiful and the food is delicious. You'll end up paying exactly the same as you would at Cosi down the street, but this, my friends, is not even in the same ballpark.
It's a chain restaurant and there's not much different I can say about it than any other one I visited across the country.

There were a few locations I have visited that were horrendous in terms of service. It was not the case here; my experience was good. 

Food was good, preparation and taste was same I had elsewhere.
Came here on a rainy day. We ordered the chocolate croissant, almond croissant, eggs in a skillet, Belgian waffles, and gruyere and ham croissant 

The  baked goods were BOMB DOT COM. we almost cried when we tried the Belgian waffles. They were sooooo soooo good. I can't even explain it. But they were the BEST waffles I have ever tried. 

The almond croissant was also very very amazing. Very light and airy. I would deff recommend the baked goods here. 

The service was superb. Our waiter answered all our questions and helped us with the menu.
It's times like these where I wish I were really a cartoon.  Then I could just make a funny face (mouth open to seventeen times the normal size, eyes bugged out with little springs boing-boinging them right out) and have the word, "ARRRGHHHH!!!" in big print above my head in a quote bubble, and that would indeed say it all.   Unfortunately, I can't really make that face (without a lot of plastic surgery and going blind) and have to do a little better than "ARRRGHHHH!!!"  Darn it that I'm not a cartoon.

Two colleagues and I went to this location for lunch and seated ourselves (as the sign indicated).  The place was already quite crowded so we took the big shared table in the small room in the front.  Almost immediately, a few other parties came and sat down with us at the table.  After about ten minutes, two of those parties walked out due to bad service/non-responsive service.

We browsed the menus as well as the specials on the board.  It was just a few minutes after noon, so none of us expected that any of the lunch specials had already run out, but such was the case with half of them.  Everything we ordered had an issue right from the beginning:  stuff ran out, ingredients were not available, things like that.  One of us ordered an item that she usually gets for take-out.  She was told that she could not have that item at the table, that it was a take-out item only and ready-made.  She was told she could get the closest thing on the menu to it, but it had half the ingredients and was way more expensive.  (And no, our server would not let her purchase the item as take-out and then bring it to the table.)  The three of us continued to scour the menu to find lunches that were available.  This was not easy, as it seemed that everything we happened to pick was already gone, or not what we thought.  

We finally place our orders and we think there's a light at the end of the tunnel (as in, we were starving at this point and couldn't wait to eat!)  A lot of time goes by and our server barely made eye contact with us as he tended to the folks around us.  Refills on our waters were very hard to come by, and we had to ask for bread three times.  Then the bread came with one of the jams completely empty.  We asked for the refill on jam four times and it never came.  Frustrating, because I was really looking forward to trying the raspberry jam.

After about 15 minutes with no food, someone from the kitchen came over to the table and asked who ordered the cobb salad (me).  I was informed that they ran out of eggs, and was asked if I wanted a substitution.  I basically had ordered the salad because of the egg, so I told her I would have to look at the menu for a new item.  A minute later, she came back and said she found an egg after all.

After another 15 minutes (still with no water refills and none of that elusive jam!) my salad came (with no egg) and only one of the other orders.  Finally, my other colleague's entree came and it appeared to have an ingredient on it that was not advertised (mayonnaise).  She asked our server to check and see if there was mayo on there and he acted like she was insane, and took his time coming back with the answer, which delayed things considerably for her (she doesn't eat mayo, and that's totally her right to want to check. I would have done the same thing, as a fellow mayo-hater.)

We finally were able to all start eating our meals when the server came over with two hard-boiled eggs on a plate for me.  At this point I just had to laugh.  I was thankful they did bring the eggs (guess they found two hiding somewhere!) because the salad was pretty bland without it (there was hardly any chicken and the avocado was mostly browned and inedible).  I've never been given hard boiled eggs with a salad that I had to cut myself (except at a salad bar, and even then, most times it's cut up for you), but I wasn't going to complain.  I got the last eggs!  

The most ridiculous part of the experience though was the attitude of our server.  We had to ask questions because things were not available, including daily specials (who would think they'd run out by noon?), and because items were not given to us (like water refills and bread and jam).  Not only did he seemingly forget a lot of things, but he put on quite an act when he was talking to us (spoke to us in a very sing-song voice, smothering us in niceness) and then making faces (rolling eyes, etc.) when he thought we weren't looking.   Sadly, he did this to our table neighbors, too.  (One woman's entree came drenched in dressing and she had specifically asked for no dressing, as she is diabetic.  He actually argued with her and said that the dressing will be on the side, but that what she saw on her plate was part of the "pre-made slaw" which happens to be dressed.  She then reiterated that she specifically asked for no dressing on the salad at all and he said he'd be right back with the side of dressing.)

Food good. Service not so much.
Ohhhhh,

How I sooo hate to do this, but here it goes.

As a professional aviator who travels this great country on a daily basis, I have the wonderful opportunity to eat at many fine eateries.  I don't do many reviews on this site or others, but when I come across an establishment that is just terrible in either quality of food or service, I just have to warn others and here I am about to slam a place I used to love.

YUP, Le Pain Quotidien, The Daily Bread, will no longer be one of my Go-To places when I'm in Philadelphia and I'm sure I'll be sharing this story with my fellow crewmembers on our long flight home.

As I've mentioned, I'm gonna hate writing this because Le Pain Quotidien, located at 1425 Walnut Street, Philadelphia, PA, has rapidly deteriorated in service over the past few months.  Quality of food and drink remain the same, good to great, but their service is absolutely dismal.

I was seated in messy and dirty environment and it appeared as if I just missed the morning breakfast crowd.  Most tables were still littered with the remnants of a morning meal.  Where is the "cleaning crew" I wondered?   After looking around the place, I started up my laptop, and then proceeded to wait, and wait, and wait.  After about 10 minutes or so, I decided to start the old stopwatch and start timing.    After 15 minutes on the watch, my waitress, Julia, literally threw the menu on my table and just kept on going.  Kinda startled me because I wasn't looking up, doing the morning email thing.  I knew what I already wanted, so I just moved the menu away from the position where it had originally landed.  After a few minutes later, a gentleman sat next to me.  At around that time Julia returned to my seat and took my order, a Mocha and apple turnover, never looking up and making eye contact with the customer, eyes on her pad, writing like mad, then away she went.....

I was going to tell that guy sitting next to me that he's probably gonna wait a while to be served but much to my surprise, Julia returned to our location and "handed" him his menu and welcomed him to Le Pain Quotidien.  Hum, I wondered....?

Did I do something to offend this waitress?  Anyhow, we both waited for our order to arrive.  We were both totally engaged in whatever we were doing on our laptops.  After 30 minutes on the watch, the other guy's order shows up.  A full blown, warm breakfast, with his Café-Whatever.  After 42 minutes on my watch, my Mocha and premade Apple Turnover finally arrived.  By the time it finally got to me, the other guy was nearly finished with his full breakfast.  Before Julia took off again, I stopped her and asked her if I had done something wrong or somehow offended her, wondering to myself if that was the reason why this Philadelphian was so rude to me.  She finally looked up at me, first eye to eye contact, and apologized for the delay and stated that she was the only waitress there.  That was a flat out lie; I saw at least two others.  I asked her but why that other guy's warm breakfast was delivered so much faster than my simple order of coffee and cold cake, and again she apologized and again ran away.

That was that.  The other guy was in and out in less than about 35 minutes or so and I enjoyed the chaos of Le Pain Quotidien until I finally left; In and out at something over 1 hour and 5 minutes.  I'm sooo glad I wasn't in a rush.

If you're looking for a clean place with reasonably quick service, this place is hit and miss at best.  It's too bad too because the food is good, but not really worth the drama of a clearly understaffed establishment, with employees who don't know the first thing about treating a customer with respect and courtesy.  Too bad.  Over the past few months, I've noticed a trend at Le Pain Quotidien and it's clearly on the downhill slide.  Maybe they'll turn it around and once again become a favorite of mine, but for now, two thumbs down.

The Daily Bread: I don't think so.

Rant out.
Stopped in for my first visit on 9/27/19 following a meeting nearby. The modern French Country decor is an eye catcher from the street. 

Inside you'll meet exceptionally friendly, genuinely content employees. Unlike many coffee spots in the city, they are welcoming and seem genuinely happy to see you.

While I only ordered a basic coffee and one of their grab-and-go turkey sandwiches I have to say I was impressed. Both were exceptional. The best $10 I've spent this week.

What started out as a search for a convenient cup of coffee between meetings in Philly turned into the discovery of my new go-to coffee spot in Center City.

I look forward to returning to explore their menu in more detail in the future.

Definitely add this place to you list of "must-go" establishments for the atmosphere, the excellent and upbeat customer service and, oh yeah, tasty sandwiches and coffee. A+ all the way.
Bring money and patience and a book or e-book to read and enjoy.
The food is fairly good for breakfast/brunchtime or a snack (coffee and pastry).  Not great for a true lunch or dinner.

I enjoyed my croissant and coffee and lingered over a magazine.
This is probably one of my favorite chain restaurant/ bakery. It is so convenient for me and really like their cozy ambiance. 
They do not really bother me once I order so it is perfect to catch up with friends or read myself even. 
I always get their Paris ham & cheese tartine or quinoa cake with arugula. Once they ran out hummus and informed me after I ordered so I had to eat without hummus. Wasn't that good. Would been nice if they substitute with other ingredient though.
A pitiful simulation of a Parisian cafe in both food quality and decor.  The only redeeming moment I've had in this place is now as I'm writing this Yelp review using their free wi-fi.

Check out Cafe Lutecia at 23rd and Lombard if you want a real Parisian experience!
Went here for the first time on a rainy Sunday and got the breakfast bowl. Super cozy and the food was sublime. Sean was our server and rocked it. 

Pro tip: the hot sauce is the hottest thing that has ever touched my tongue. Use with caution.
Disgusting and horrible service - sign says please seat yourself and literally 90% of the tables are covered in dirty dishes and trash. So typical of a chain where they don't give a crap about the business or customers.
I've stopped in for coffee or a pastry over the years - always was satisfied - but recently I came in for lunch. I only wanted one of the smaller, take-out items, but they had no problem with serving it at the table, plus a pot of coffee. I needed to run to a meeting, and unable to finish my coffee, I asked for a take-out cup, so I could pour out my remaining coffee. I had already paid the bill, and the waitperson just ended up giving me a new coffee. Such excellent hospitality! Very pleasant, spacious dining area.
Service was  excruciatingly slow even for a salad and avocado and ciaon toast and a bowl of oatmeal -  waiting almost 3/4 of an hour  - it was less than third full - the avocado toast which I had was overpeppered and the bread was like a slab of concrete  - I left half - it was too much effort to eat it - the server asked if I wanted to take it and was it ok - I said it was over peppered and she said oh no that's the cumin -  I know what cumin tastes like and obviously she doesn't -  this was pretentious place and it's not worth it - and please use cups - not soup bowls for coffee - it's not French - it's just stupid
I went in on Thursday afternoon for lunch. There was plenty of space. This is a much bigger restaurant than the ones I have been to in NYC. The waiter was quite knowledgeable and pleasant. I enjoyed everything I ordered--the roast beef tartine, decaf coffee and a pistachio tarte. I found the prices for the sandwiches to be higher than Le Pain Quotidien in NYC. The coffee pot was also smaller. Everything was tasty although I thought the crust on the bread on my sandwich was a bit too hard. 

I am so glad that they finally opened. What is most impressive is that they use organic ingredients in everything. There was no other place I could find in Philly that served all organic food. I also like the general layout of Le Pain Quotidien, with the large "common tables" although there were a lot more individual tables at this one.
I'd say 2 1/2 if I could just cause it's cute. Went for just coffee and dessert with family on a Saturday night around 6.

The cozy, rustic-chic ambience and layout of the place fools you into thinking this is gonna be the best cafe you've ever had the pleasure of visiting. Au contraire. 

I've never been to France so maybe they were going for that whole sidewalk bistro nuts and bolts of coffee and pastries- no gimmicks, no flair, etc. As far from Dunkin's sugary goodness as you can imagine. But I wasn't diggin' it.

For one, I thought we could order at the counter and get drinks and pastries to go or sit down with, in ideally less than ten minutes. No, we had to sit and have a 40 minute ordeal of a server bringing a menu, taking our orders, the pastry chef and barista preparing our orders, consuming our beverages, and then waiting for the check. 

My latte came in one flavor only- latte. No syrups or fun, just bland and foamy and luke warm at best.  We ordered buttermilk scones, expecting after a ten minute wait that they'd be warm and moist and buttery and fluffy. Nope. They might as well have been hockey pucks- so dry and flavorless I had to smother it in honey. 

Cute concept, but executed poorly.
Came up to Philly for the weekend and was excited to see Le Pain Quotidien.  I've had good experiences in NYC and DC area locations, however, the service in Philly proved to be disappointing.  We came in around 10:30 am on Friday when it was not busy.  They were out of a lot of items and our drinks took a while to arrive.  Also, our food sat up on the kitchen counter for 10 minutes before being delivered and we had to consistently seek out refills, the condiment tray. etc...  It wasn't worth it considering the prices.
OMG, this place is awesome. 

You can go to Paris at the corner of Walnut and Broad with their fabulous decor. Even though I've never been to Paris but the minimalistic decor, the warm wall color, the simple wood tables and chairs set me in the Parisien mood. 

They serves lunch and dinner as well as quiche and tartines. Their non-alcoholic drinks are organic. Their parties are amazing including their duo chocolate mousse.
Short story: NEVER coming back.

Long story: I used to really like this spot when they first opened. They used to be well staffed, food was good. However, over the years, the quality of both the staff and food has drastically changed. 

Today, I decided to have breakfast at Le Pain for the first time in a while. The tables were slightly dirty with crumbles and liquid. The server not attentive at all. He didn't offer me water or anything to drink. He came with a menu, it was wet. He immediately apologized then got me a new one. He continued to do other tasks until finally after almost 10-15 mins, I had to request if I could make an order. As I was waiting for my food, more patrons came in. I ordered the skillet baked eggs with salmon and dill on top. It took 20 mins for the food to come out. I saw my food sitting on the shelf for almost 10 mins before someone gave it to me. Even the girl that came 10 mins after me got her food before me and was already munching on it! The skillet eggs looked so sad when it came out. It looked like it was someone's first time attempting to cook. It was edible but definitely not worth $14. I also ordered a coconut milk latte, which my server later told me they ran out of coconut milk. Instead, I got almond milk. The latte was tasted like paper. On top of everything it took forever to get my check. But he took my cash right away. 

I have never been so disappointed with my experience at Le Pain until now. I'm never coming back.
Great food, prices are a bit high, but the atmosphere is mellow. You can hang out here and nurse your coffee for a while and the staff doesn't seem to mind. The buttermilk scone and bread pudding are amazing!
A real taste of France in Philly.  I thought the food was superb.  The pastries were delicious.  The omelette with fresh ingredients and organic eggs was amazing.  The mocha was excellent.  The atmosphere was delightful.  The service was friendly.  The chef even brought out our food to make sure it remained warm and served at just the right temperature.  

But be warned it was very french in that the folks in Europe do not rush their meals or drinks.  Service was not fast....this is not fast food on the go.  It is a time to sit, visit and enjoy the journey.  Don't come and expect to be in and out.  It may take a while for the server to give you a menu or take your order.  I don't believe this is rude or bad service just not what we are used to in the U.S.  

Be patient and give yourself plenty of time.  If you are in a hurry or on a schedule skip it.  You will be frustrated by the slow service.  Le Pain is very conveniently  located next to the Walnut Theatre.  Make sure if you go before a performance you have ample time or stay and linger after a show.  They also serve beer & wine.
Typical chain food, prices, and atmosphere.  These types of restaurants are generally designed for people who just do not know any better, and do not care.  This place is fine if you want to be bored.  But seriously haven't you grown tired of mediocre food pushers that are only interested in taking your money and nothing else?
the man and i were in need of a quickie meal that would sate our desire, nay, NEED for our weekly brunch despite the fact that we only had 30minutes available to us. our conclusion was, LE PAIN QUOTIDIEN!

since we don't ACTUALLY compromise on meals/food, we had to have EGGS so we sat down for table service even though we had such little time. our server was fast with taking our order, bringing over the coffee and food, though she did give us a look when we were clearly rushing her. 

overall, the food was very good and the croissant i had was one of the better ones i have had in philadelphia, yet... i couldn't say i LOVED this place, hence the 3 star rating. the decor is airy and bright and i should have liked it, but it felt a little hollow, maybe lacking in a bit of charm that i usually seek in brunch places.  i will say that should i want a croissant-type pastry any time in the future, though, i will most definitely get it from here. 

ALSO, it is on the more expensive side. shockingly, we actually spent more for breakfast and coffee here than we would have for brunch at day by day or another one of our favorite brunch spots. PS - because this place is a chain, they are required to include calorie counts on the menu of all their items. Don't know if that influences your decision one way or another, but ... just be warned. i tried to avert my gaze from those pesky little numbers whilst ordering. 

cheese & almond croissant
my favorite cheese croissant in philly. to date. the croissant itself was MAYBE a bit dry (if i had to nitpick), but the cheese was perfectly balanced and sweet 

Toasted Paris Ham & Gruyere Croissant + organic mesclun & mustard trio 
the mustard trio was genius and you can never go wrong with a ham and gruyere combo. 

Quiche Lorraine: ham + Gruyére + leeks
again, gruyere so obviously this was going to be awesome. best quiche we've had in a long time. but very very small. i mean, maybe we're just too fat to be eating at french places, but seriously, it was so small.
The brown rice pudding from their 14th and Walnut location:

The fruit was delicious but the brown rice was way undercooked, almost crunchy in some bites. It was very sweet, but the soy milk was refreshing.

This was very disappointing for how much it cost. You obviously do not get what you pay for. Maybe it would have been better from their 8th & Walnut location? This is the first I've been to their 14th and Walnut store.
I would like to add that I've been to Paris multiple times and have had many delicious meals there and this sandwich would not live up to its Parisian counterpart.
Came here for breakfast on Sunday. Had the Belgian waffle with a side of bacon. The waffle had whip cream, strawberries and blueberries. The waffle had the perfect texture and was so delicious. The coffee was great and came in a teapot, super cute. Would definitely visit again.
Wonderful! I stumbled across this business as I was walking down Walnut one day and I really liked what I saw on the outside as well as the inside through the window. The menu has many options, the mimosas are fantastic!  

The atmosphere - absolutely calming/peaceful. The music is soft, played at a reasonable volume. This establishment overall has a beautiful and spacious design, area is very comfortable.

Service - Impeccable! I stopped in to grab a Turmeric Latte but ended up asking to grab a table. Great customer service from the cashier (Terrell) and when I was seated and ordered with my server.
Love LPQ! When I lived in NYC, I would go there all the time and the food is amazing. First time trying this place is Philly. Monday afternoon, slow time of the day. One more table. Two servers, plus one trainee. Selection of desserts was very limited, but we choose few pastries that they had left.
 Pain su a chocolat (chocolate croissant) was cold, dry and hard. as well Pain aux Raisins (pastry with Raisins) and Choco chip cookie. I was only asked if I would like a Organic Butter Brioche to be toasted. 
Large Latte arrived in a cracked cup but still tasty and good flavor. In NYC, they practice leaving a bottle of water on the table, but not in Philly. Don't know if service practice has changed or what.
Gotta agree with my fellow Eliters in that the service is ridiculously slow and the prices are astronomically high. 

One afternoon I was still hungry after lunch, so dipped in for a side of soup. I asked if it had chicken broth, and so the cashier went into the kitchen, and a while later, came back with a response. I then asked the price and the side soup was a whopping $7.  Really annoying when places try to seem classier and not have prices listed. Maybe I'm just not classy and want to know how much I'm paying? Idk, whatevs, this place is a chain in Philly not a boutique in Paris. 

I've gone here again for a lemonade which I was repeatedlyyy reassured would not be too concentrated/sweet. Welp... I took it back to my desk and was able to make lemonade for the whole team because I had to take a gallon of water lol.

Their flutes of bread, particularly the olive one, are really good and $3 for the best bread I've had in Philly. But yup, the service is really frustruting. Nice people, but they take people out of order when customers are clearly in a line, take their own sweet time to walk around before attending to you.
Just went pass to grab some pastries. The staff is friendly and their pastries have great quality!

The bakery is very bright and clean  and offer plenty of room.

They also has a tempting brunch menu, and it's located right across Tiffany's! Reminds me of a movie !

They make organic earl grey chocolate! Can't pass it if you are a tea lover like me.
I would love to give this place a 5 star review, however, there are a couple issues for me that make it 4. 

Firstly, let me just say I love it here. I live next door so this is the perfect one stop shop for all my artisanal needs. I love their organic coffee. I am a nurse and a patient of mine raved about how this was the only place they knew of where they could get organic coffee, so of course I made sure to buy them some before one of my shifts and they were in heaven. I think their coffee is absolutely delicious and I really enjoy their lattes/cappuccinos as well. 

I love their food. Everything I have ever had there is great. It is quite pricey, however, if you are willing to spend a little money for a delicious meal, it's worth it. The tartines they serve, which is basically a large piece of bread with a spread on it, are absolutely delicious! I am in love with the ricotta, fig, apple, and honey one. The only downside is they are around 12-13 dollars for that one large piece of bread with a spread on it. I am unimpressed with the avocado one, it was basically the same large piece of bread but with an avocado spread and about four small piece of avocado on top. Again, around 12-13 dollars for that. Everything else I have ever had there has definitely been worth it.

The atmosphere is amazing and beautiful, it makes you feel as if you are in a european cafe. I couldn't believe it is a chain. It reminds me of a much much nicer au bon pain. 

I have been there quite a few times so I am reviewing all of my experiences and there was one particular experience that left me feeling uncomfortable. My parents had come to town for the day and I wanted to take them there for a light afternoon drink of champagne and a snack. When we were seated our server came over and took our order. He was new and had a thick french accent. Another server delivered our champagne and mentioned that our original server was unable to do so due to religious beliefs in regards to alcohol. It was a bit confusing but I guess due to that fact, he really didn't check in with us at all. I honestly felt a little uncomfortable because I knew just drinking the champagne was offending the person who was serving us. I have no issues with religious and cultural beliefs, I just think that it is difficult to work and serve at an establishment that offers alcohol if you cannot touch or handle alcoholic beverages. It was difficult to get his attention throughout our meal and we ended up having to go to the counter to get our check. 

I also use their app and order coffee to go, however, on more than one occasion when I arrive to pick up my order, they haven't made it yet or don't know what I am talking about. They seem to miss the orders that print automatically from their computer system. 

Otherwise, I love it here, I go here to study and eat and catch up with friends and I will continue to do so.
After dinner, we really wanted to find a coffee shop/bakery that was opened pass 5pm. Yes, this place was still opened to 10pm!

And the coffee is better than starbucks and so is the atmosphere for sitting/chatting. At night, they also light up candles for the tables.

Now, the fruit tarts.. oh the fruit tarts.. I loved it minus the big sign that told you exactly how many calories it was, etc. I don't need to know that I just ate 500 calories. Please make this smaller or at least not at the check out counter. But, I still ate this delicious treat anyways :)
went here to study with some classmates

Highlight: free wifi, excellent service, tasty items on menu

Lowlight: food portions seemed to be on the small side and a bit TOO healthy.
The atmosphere was nice and the wait staff pleasant.  The decor evoked a rustic French experience.  The food and drink was served quickly.  I wanted to like it BUT; the food is just mediocre. 

 My Roast Beef tartine that I ordered was rather skimpy.  The meat was grey looking not pink or reddish.  Grey looking meat is just icky.  The bread was a bit on the limp side and a little soggy.  The seasoning was fine.  I hate to say that I have had better at Le Bon Pain.  

The cappacino was served in one of the most oddest cups, one without a handle.  You are supposed to grip the base which made the delivery (for the server) a bit hazardous for all involved.  sure, it is a cute, clever design but I thought, "Get over it and bring me a real coffee cup." 

Their breads cannot touch Le Bus for flavor, texture and taste.  Since this was once a clothing store, I think. there was only one bathroom in the place which is a bit taxing when the place is rushed.

Also, considering it is a recession, the prices were a bit much considering the quality of the food.
I don't know what to do after walking into this place. It's cool to look at. I would eat here if the food was free. I live in America and I like In-n-Out, the Cheesecake Factory, mom-and-pop shops and cart food. What exactly is this place? Call me an uncultured swine, but at least I will be eating a burger the size of my head somewhere else. I don't even know how to say their name properly. Le what? Man I took Spanish in high school alright? Just a warning to all you other Joe-Shmoe's out there- if you can't pronounce the name of the place you better hold on to your wallet and pass this place by. 

If you don't visit fancy little all-in-one Europe-experience shops often, then this place might not be for you. 

If you do happen to be that classy though- you might enjoy their bite-sized food, their snooty attitudes (it makes the food taste better I hear), and their expensive prices for cosi-like menu items. Not sure if people really come here for full meals or for just snacks. Either way, I usually get dragged here by someone else, never my top choice.

The food does taste good and it is really flavorful, but it's just not worth it in my opinion. Their desserts are all sort of semi-sweet, which to me are kind of pointless. 

Why do they still get 3 stars? Because whatever it is that they're trying to do, they seem to be doing it well. All that song and dance aren't worth my hard-earned cash though.
It's hard to eat at Le Pain Quotidien without feeling like a bit of an ass. I've been to this one and to two locations in NYC (Upper East Side and Soho). The reason I say this is because the food, while tasty, is always served on teeny tiny plates, just urging you to make a mess of crumbs and debris from your open face "sandwich." And the atmosphere is so unspeakably ostentatious - in its good taste - just reeking of privilege in a way that I find embarrassing. I like the freshly baked spelt bread, the tuna/pesto "sandwich", and the coffee, but I feel like such a douche-bag when I eat here. It's just the vibe.
Sunday Brunch / Breakfast -  Crowded -  Tight tables - Lots of baby carriages  - Noisy - Food was just OK -  Do not mind spending $5.95 for Oatmeal but $2.95 for a cup of coffee - NOT.  4 coffee's 3 salads and some fruit salad / sides for 4 was $90 without tip.  Service was spotty  -  Asked for Splenda for the coffee and by time it got there coffee was no longer hot - Asked for lemon for the water and had to ask again.  The strangest part of the experience was when the table next to us handed us our check because the waiter could not get through the tight tables to give it to us directly.  Not sure if I would go running back anytime soon.
Excellent location. Walnut street was in need of a great eatery after a day of shopping or strolling around. The organic menu makes it an even better choice.
Food is mediocre at best. Service was slow with an empty restaurant. I would skip this place for a local place next time.
Small coffee and a Roasted Pork with pickled onions, please....

Sure, $15.

Um...what. 15 dollars for a sandwich. which has two thin slices of pork, a few slices of pickled onions some mustard and chopped not fresh tomato. the sandwich was on the seasonally fresh menu, btw. didn't know that tomatoes were fresh in the winter. a block away i could go to jeans cafe and get a very good roastbeef club for 4.50 which can be two meals if you're not a tubby. 

unhappy. don't go here. more bread than anything on the sando, and the bread wasn't pleasently fresh either. tough crust, not crispy, want to be fluffy center, but really just kind of chewy.
The blonde waiter lost a good customer this morning with his arrogant  lack of service.
Came here for a late Sunday lunch before doing some Christmas shopping downtown. The place was bigger than I thought it was from the looks from the outside. When we walked in there was a sign telling us we can seat ourselves. The place had a warm cozy feel to it that i loved. There were some community tables, and regular tables where you can seat 2 or 4 people. So my boyfriend and I found a nice seat in the back of the restaurant that looked cozy. We sat down and immediately our server came and handed us the menus.  She was very attentive and great.  The menu has a lot of organic and vegan items. Plus for me! It's labeled well letting you know what's vegan, gluten free, and the calorie count as well. We split a cup of the soup of the day which was minestrone. It was about 6 dollars for the cup but the soup was very good so that didn't bother me. He got the salmon breakfast and I got the Mediterranean platter. It came with babagahnosh, hummus, and quinoa. It had many types of breads as surrounding it for dipping. I didn't try too many of the breads since I try to remain gluten free as much as possible. But everything else was pretty good and didn't leave me too full. A lil overpriced but the quality of their food is good so I don't mind.
I just spent $17 for lunch! For a glorified tuna melt and iced tea! It was very good and I like the place, but that is way too expensive. I will go back and try one of their takeout baguette sandwiches that are $8 though...
Great breakfast spot!

Where else can you get a $15 breakfast 'tartine' reminiscent of leftover pizza and a cup of coffee served in a cereal bowl delivered as slowly as possible?
So the egg salad tartine was an egg salad sandwich with all of the accompaniments on the side cut into wedges that didn't fit between the bread and anchovies that were quite possibly from a can. And the mint lemonade was so tart that you couldn't taste the mint, even when it made the drink turn green. 

Total faux-france experience. Boo.

Please see my pics for references.
The two words that sums this place up... Pretentious and Overpriced. Came here for a work related meeting and it is very nice in appearance and suited the occasion however this isn't a place I would likely frequent. I only purchased a bottle of water and for $2.50 received a cheap brand that easy would have cost 50 cents from your local supermarket. One plus is our waitstaff was extremely polite.
Was in Rittenhouse area with my family and decided to stop in about 7:30pm - the place was relatively empty.   I even asked woman behind counter what time they closed - she said 9pm.  
My family and I (four of us) sat at a table and waited for someone to greet us or give us a menu.   No such luck...we waited almost 10 minutes.   When no one came...we got up and walked out!

Funny thing was the same woman who I spoke with on the way in said to us..."Thanks for coming" on our way out.  

We have now had bad service (or in this case no service) the last three times here.   Time to move on.  I can spend my $$ elsewhere.
my boyfriend and i just had a wonderful brunch here. we work two doors down from the place and needed a place to grab brunch before we start our day. the wide variety of drinks and breakfast options, all with organic ingredients made for a truly beautiful meal. the paris ham and gruyere croissant with the mustard trio was amazing. the veggies were so so fresh. our waiter was attentive and cheerful. it's a great cute place that is a great escape from the hustle and bustle of center city. 

i will definitely return.
Came here for brunch with my sister. I ordered the smoked salmon and scallions omelette with a matcha green tea Latte, it was amazing. My sister ordered the avocado toast with a latte and she enjoyed it all. We were amazing with the food and the service. Out server Jett was sweet and very attentive. Will definitely be coming back to this location again.
My fiancee and I came here for Brunch the other day. This was our first dining experience here, and we were not really sure what to expect.

The style of the restaurant makes it seem like Panera, which makes you think you are supposed to go and order at the register then sit down with your food. But actually, that is only what you do if you are ordering out. If you are eating in, however, you can just sit down anywhere you like and wait to be served. This element is a little annoying considering this place does not really seem like a sit down place, and of course this only means you have to tip the waitress which seems a little unnecessary. 

Nonetheless, the being waited on part is the only downside to an otherwise great dining experience. My fiancee ordered the Belgian Waffle, and it was by far the best Waffle either of us had ever tasted! In fact, it was so good she didn't even need syrup on top of it! Meanwhile, I ordered the vegetable quiche which had spinach, mushroom, leeks, and swiss cheese in it, and it was one of the best dishes I've ever had for breakfast! Not only was it great, but it came with a side of salad and fruits!

All in all, our meal was very good and actually quite affordable (even after tip we spent $25 total). This is really a great place to come try something a bit different from the norm, especially for those wanting to try some good French food without spending insane amounts of money!
No no no. A thousand times NO. 

I will say it now and probably until inflation changes the situation: i do NOT believe in $14 salads! So, to avoid spending like $20 on lunch i got one of the $7.50 baguette sandwiches which was a real disappointment. It was French bread in the way so commonly depicted in cartoons. You really could have knocked someone out with it if you were so inclined. Also, i think they give off the impression that everything on the menu is organic. Upon closer inspection, that is not the case. 

I may go back for pastries or to pick up a jar of one of the interesting organic condiments they have for sale (praline butter caught my eye) but i will never waste my cash on lunch here ever again.
Overall, nice place. Service left a bit to be desired. Good selection of baked goods, bread was great.

But for a place that tries to beat you over the head with their french-ness, they make a terrible omelet (really watery, bland, and very overcooked on the outside).
This particular location was helpful even though I had a hard time ordering from the catering department. I emailed and called but I must've reached after hours. I was in a bind for last minute catering and this location made it happen. Food was fresh and everyone was happy, including myself.
The service was horrible. We ordered the Petit Dejaneur, which just consists of bread, and it was never served. I do not recommend this establishment. The manager nor the waitress had the courage to come forward and explain or at least apologize. They, both were avoiding to even make eye contact. This establishment may not comply with Belgian standards of  Le Pain Quotidien
FOOD: 3 stars
SERVICE: 4 stars
DECOR: 2 stars
PRICES: 1 star

My rating is dragged down by the fact that the prices at LPQ are way too high for the product. I have no issue paying premiums for food that I believes justifies them. This food simply does not. I wanted so much to experience great food that justified the RIDICULOUS PRICES. I spent $17 for a "rustic tuna tartine with cheddar" and an iced tea. Firstly, a "tartine" translates as a "slice of bread", and that's pretty much what you get. A slice of bread with minimal tuna and a thin layer of cheese. For $13. I asked for sliced tomato on the "slice of bread", and it came with a very small amount of diced tomatoes sprinkled on top. When the "slice of bread" arrived, I avoided asking for sliced tomatoes because I imagined a $2 surcharge would ensue. The sandwich was tasty, but it's hard to enjoy when you feel like you've been ripped off. I appreciate the up-market nature of this place. It is certainly a step above your typical bakery/cafe. But these are NYC prices in a city with Philly wages. The only saving grace is the service, but that doesn't mean much when you feel like you're tipping on a rip-off meal. 

If you don't mind overpaying for good, not-great food, this place is worth a try. For my time and dime, Philly is full of other good sandwich places with prices that don't resemble Times Square.
My favorite LPQ in Philly! Love the friendly staff and the great balance of healthy food that's still delicious. My favorite part is that for all the vegan options, there are no meat substitutes. No tofu here! Just good quality, well-balanced options. My server said CNN once did a report on the superior quality of the olive oil they have out for free on the tables! How cool is that?

I usually shy away from corporate chains in favor of the little guys, but this place kinda feels like a little guy to me. Bring a laptop and get some work done while you eat!

Pro Tip: If it's spiced tomato soup on the menu, get that ham and cheese croissant sandwich and dip away! 

Only weird thing is how many outside business interviews I have seen conducted on the premises while I've been there, for a lot of different people from (presumably) lots of different businesses. Isn't there a better place for that?
It was raining, and we were hungry. I've lived in Philadelphia for 5 years, and love to explore new food options. The menu was different, a little pricy, but I thought for that price, I definitely shouldn't leave there hungry.

I was wrong.

We first ordered a bowl of soup, and two of their "open faced sandwiches". It sounded like a filling meal. After about twenty long minutes of waiting for a server, taking our order, and putting it in, she then comes back and informs us "We're out of soup." Also, there were only two other tables in the whole place. This should not have taken this long.

A manager then brought out our food. The look on my face consisted of a combination of disappointment and disbelief. It was the smallest open-faced sandwich I'd ever seen. And it cost almost $12.

We finished eating in 3 minutes, and bounced. For that ridiculous price, I expect to leave FULL. It might have been a little more tolerable with the soup, but at $6 a bowl, I doubt it.

Needless to say, we won't be venturing back to Le Pain. We'll keep those seats free for the snooty assholes who enjoy ridiculously expensive food and a mediocre dining experience.
I've been a loyal customer of Le Pain Quotidien since I started going to the one in Westwood when I was attending UCLA.  I have always been a fan of their omelettes and specifically the french toast (the agave syrup and the non-fried/wheat bread is just heavenly with the strawberry slices). The baker's basket with their jams (apricot and the berry jams... so sweet but absolutely delicious) also a personal favorite. Of their winter menu, I thoroughly enjoyed the Pot au Feu with the spicy harissa and quinoa. Hearty and really generous with the ingredients.

I'm rather disappointed in the way that the chain has become so inconsistent in terms of service and quality of food, especially with their price and portion size. I really could not excuse the service the last time I was there. Normally, I come in for brunch/lunch, but I came with a friend for dinner. It was relatively empty, but the two salads we ordered took 40 minutes to arrive and there was no recognition of how long it took. Also, just to get refills of water was an ordeal. If you want to cater to a dinner crowd, I think the dinner menu needs to be stepped up a bit (the moroccan chicken salad I have literally looked like the items didn't belong together: the oily heavy chicken just dumped onto veggies that sopped up all the grease) and this kind of service during non-peak hours is pretty disappointing. Why open so late if service is going to suffer?
One trip for lunch and it was wildly inconsistent within its own small margins. The examples:

Service - The hostess came by and greeted me by name because she just saw that I checked in on Foursquare. At first I felt mildly stalked and partially embarrassed that someone just called me out (in a good way?) for checking in, but she was actually very nice and I was busy checking in on Yelp when she said that so I couldn't be too embarrassed about using a completely meaningless feature in a city where I would never receive a tiny crown for my e-friendliness. Other than my new friend, the service was average.

Food - I ordered the curry chicken salad tartine which comes open faced on five small pieces of rye bread. The sandwich tasted pretty decent and certainly looked appetizing, but my one issue with it was that if you are going to make an open face sandwich on a small piece of rye bread, you can't put so much curry chicken salad on each piece that when you try to pick it up with one hand it bends and falls from the weight of its own girth. This happened, but I ate the entire sandwich so it obviously didn't bother me so much.

Prices - TOO HIGH. Everything I looked at on the menu for lunch made me say to myself, "Self, that doesn't sound worth it." And then out of nowhere there was something for $7.95 (a seaweed salad), but of course to put tofu or something else in it, it was $3 more bucks. You can't eat for $10, lunch is going to run you $15 and it's frankly just not good enough for that. Again though, I cleaned my plate.

Ambiance - This is actually a cool place inside and much larger than you would think from the outside. Tons of wood block tables, menus sitting on top, nice variety of long communal tables with two-tops and four-tops. Seems like a nice place to meet someone or three for a lunch or brunch.

It's like the Seinfeld when he always comes out even - this place has highs and lows, but in the end it is A-OK and I would go back if I was in the neighborhood. I'm not sure if I would check in though.
Le Pain Quotidien means the daily bread... cute! Located in the heart of Center City Philly with communal tables, which I love. While doing some shopping on Walnut Street I found this little place and stopped in for lunch. It's warm and cozy on the inside. I was told everything is fresh, local and organic. I ordered a chicken cobb salad that was pretty amazing and not over the top. I also recommend the oatmeal that is so Delicious and is like a warm hug.  

They have a cut little bakery with yummy bake goods. It's defiantly worth a try. Oh they sell cocktails so that in itself is a win! 

Oh and they offer baking classes... One day I will sign up maybe I can find a date. ;) 

Happy Eating!
I have to agree with other reviews, the value at this place was terrible.  Let me walk you through my experience:

1. Coffee- at $4 per cup for generic black coffee is incredibly high, no free refills for $4.  What amazed me the most is that the coffee was room temperature.  It is very strong so we asked for hot water on the side which we were given at no extra charge.

2. Croissant -  I wanted to order some kind of egg sandwich...but they don't have that for breakfast!  I could order an omelet for $12 and then pay for additional bread, but the bread is not toasted.  The waitress said that since their bread is made every day...they don't toast it.  Uhm...does that make sense?  I ordered a $4 croissant which was good, but certainly not worth $4!

3. Baguette- I wanted to give it 100% chance of success, so I noticed that the baguette was today's special...although I was there for breakfast, I figured this Belgium based restaurant would do an excellent job. I first thought of getting the ham and cheese baguette, but the waiter suggested I get the parmesan version.  So I agreed.  About 5 minutes later, she serves me a sandwich which for $8 has been the most incredibly waste of money.  It was a short piece of baguette with a slide of cold ham and cold cheese, amazingly even the bread was refrigerator cold.  I figure it took 10 seconds to put this masterpiece together.  No sauce, no olive oil, no salt or pepper, just literary 3 ingredients slapped together. It tasted just as it sounds.  It turns out, she brought me the wrong sandwich!  Then she corrected it and brought me the recommended  parmesan version...I figured, this one will be much better.  Amazingly it was 99.99% the same thing!  Terrible.

Other than generally terrible food and extremely overprice, the decor is nice to look at, the waiter was attentive.  She could only bring the food this establishment makes.
I think the best way to enjoy the food here is to not come hungry. The food is tasty, yes, but a bit expensive and portions aren't that big. I think next time I'll aim for a post lunch cookie break and try one of the huge chocolate chip ones they have up front!

On a different note, baby-friendly? YES =) I was here with two other new mamas, so 3 high chairs between us. The staff was super nice, helped us park our strollers in the back, and the babes were able to hang out and be noisy without worry. We were at one end of the big family table and there were two more moms with even younger babies down at the other end.
Le Pain Quotidien was a place I frequented when I lived in Belgium. I was delighted to find one in Philadelphia and when I walked inside I was transported back to Europe! Everything is written in Dutch, French, English, and German and you will hear many languages here. 
The bread is delicious (best bread in Philly) and the croissants are as real as you'll get them on this side of the ocean! The decor and atmosphere are exactly like it is in Europe. It's absolutely amazing! 

I highly recommend paying this place a visit and enjoying a cup of coffee, a book, or striking up a conversation at the communal table. You also definitely can't go wrong with breakfast or lunch. All their food is delicious, fresh, and healthy.
Service from the waiters are horrible. Waited 40 mins before the food came out. The waiter never checked on us to say that the food was on the way. They tried to give us the wrong food numerous times (which teased us since our food was taking so long). Two of the floor managers were rude and didn't address the issues when presented to them. 

Pastries on the go are fine. 
Everything is pricey for what it is though.
Came here with my girls friends on a Saturday around 1pm and was seated immediately. There is a good amount of seating inside and outside of the restaurant. I ordered their avocado toast and added the salmon. For my beverage, I ordered their iced jasmine green tea. I definitely enjoyed their avocado toast and would reorder. The jasmine green tea on the other hand I would not reorder as I did not taste any notes of jasmine tea or green tea, to me this drink just tasted like artificial sweetener. The reason why I am deducting stars is due to the terrible service. Our waters were never filled nor were we brought our check, even though we had tried to get the attention of several servers. Eventually after getting tired of waiting I just ended up going to the register and asking for more water as well as our bill. The fact that our waters were not even filled once during our whole meal was a huge disappointment and ruined the entirety of the dining experience. Overall, if choosing to grab some food at this location I would definitely recommend ordering a meal to-go versus grabbing a table.
We live in Jersey and don't get into to city too much. After a Drs appt wanted to get a bite and this place was right across the street. First off staff was very friendly and accommodating. Our waitress Mary was 1st class! Food was absolutely delicious. My wife said she had her best lunch ever. Chicken zoodle soup with her bakers lunch. I had split pea soup and a ham on sour dough grilled to perfection. A very nice spicy mustard. We recommend. I have a feeling that will be our after Dr visit From now on.
The veritable cafe/bakery lands in Philly. Good space, focused on conversation and food (not the usual posers spending all day on their notebooks and cellphones).

Coffee is respectable (not great) + order a small, cause the large coffee drinks are served in bowls - too huge! Pastries are good -- personal favorite is the pistachio tart. Sandwiches also fresh, good ingredients, and with a variety including smoked salmon, egg salad, fresh turkey and good veggies, it's a welcome change from the usual sandwich.
Yes, it's a chain.  But they do it right.  

One of life's pleasures is a big bowl of cafe au lait.  LPQ serves it in a vat, steaming with just the right amount of foam.  Paired with a soft boiled egg and some very good bread, it's enough to forget your worries for a morning.  

I've been to several of the NYC locations, and was pleasantly surprised by how excellent the service was at the Phila location.  I recommend going on off-hours, as I'm guessing that it will get crowded during the rush and on weekends.
What is wrong with you guys ? There is not one visit  that would go right ? Nausea things like spoon for coffee or straws, clean the table from leftovers. Are these things so foreign to the management and employees ?? I don't get it. It these are basic expectations. This chain sued to rock and it still is many other locations like NYC or LA but this spot ? Just don't get it. The service is sloooowww and drags on. By the time you get your breakfast it's lunch time. Just wrong. It should shut down
Besides a cozy and rustic atmosphere, all I can remember from my short visit here was the scone.

You bit into it and it instantly raped your mouth of all moisture making you feel like you just took a big hunk out of a chalk stick. The dryness and powdery residual dust from a scone gone very, very wrong lingered even after dowsing our mouths with water. 

No bueno. If you want to experience the above-mentioned without paying for a scone, just walk outside and lick the sidewalk. I'm talking a nice, tongue-rubbing against the gravely cement. Yummmm
The dessert and coffee were good, but felt a bit overpriced. Feels like a good place though for breakfast, brunch, or lunch. Not a place for dinner although it says so on their sign outside.
The food and service was okay. Earl grey was not strong...I could have used an extra tea bag. Overall not bad. I liked trying the jams on the table with the baguette which accompanied my skillet eggs. The cinnamon biscuit was good as I originally thought it was peanut butter and had to look at the contents to see what it actually was. Since this was near my hotel I would come back.
Really good food, nice staff, and cozy atmosphere. I got chicken melt  and my friend got a kale salad. The flat bread was delicious, soft and cheesy with juicy chicken. I also tried the coconut smoothie and was not disappointed. It is really cool that they have big tables so strangers can sit together. The prices are on the upper end though.
Came here today for the pastries and dessert. Everything was delicious. The staff was super friendly, attentive and helpful. The restaurant itself is beautiful inside. You really feel like you're in France. It's also very clean and organized. The outside seating is comfortable and good for people watching. The price point is a bit high but you're paying for the experience.
Food is really good: fresh, "clean" eating. But the service is lacking--either inexperienced, or aloof, which I blame on management & training. I'll keep coming back because of the former, not the latter.
I say this after multiple visits: The La Pain Quotidien at 1425 Walnut St has, hands down, the worst service of any LPQ west of the Meuse.
Came for breakfast on a Saturday morning. The restaurant is pretty spacious and has a good relaxing atmosphere. Our server Sean was great. 

My girlfriend had the avocado toast and I had the breakfast sandwich and a cappuccino. The large cappuccino is very large. Both meals were great with no complaints. They have a great menu of coffees, teas and smoothies.
Really sad and disappointed with this place. Only my second time dining here and I experience poor service. I ordered the Avocado Toast and after I took my first bite, something tasted really weird and funky... I take a piece of something hard out of my mouth and I see bits of aluminum foil. I told the server and asked for another avocado toast. The manager comes over and says sorry about the avocado toast and tells me they're making a new one, then walks away. His apology didn't seem sincere and felt like he didn't fully make up for it. After waiting about 10-15 mins, I now got my new avocado toast. Not feeling very happy about it. I wonder if I were a rich white man, I'd get a different response in terms of customer service from the manager. Hmm. Oh well.
This is a duplicate business. The real page is the other one. This place is great however. Went here for dessert and it was delicious.
Came here for a brunch around 10:10am, not a busy time at all. Food was good. But service just could not be worse. We're traveling here in Philly and having places to go on our schedule, coming here was a bad choice. Took like 15 mins to get a menu. We finally ordered, 15 mins later waitress came over said she forgot what I ordered. (I mean... are you serious? ) Food finally arrived, then we finished eating, we continue being ignored again. We asked for the check, and literally waited for HALF AN HOUR, nobody came to take our credit card, asked multiple times, either being ignored or 'just a sec' or being asked who's your waiter. YOU TELL NE!!!!!!! Worst experience ever seriously you guys need to step up or you're ruining your brand.
*vegan review*

Large but cosy space with comfortable seating and fast service. Surprisingly no wait for Saturday brunch/lunch hours (about 12 PM) - we sat down and were greeted almost immediately by a waitress who was attentive and eager. 

Quite a few vegan options on the menu. I went for the Quinoa Cakes - a bit pricey at $14, but filling and delicious. Quinoa 'cakes' were crisp and drizzled with tomato and basil sauces. Also came with hummus, a chickpea salad, and arugula.

I was very satisfied with the experience and would definitely return over and over again to sample their other vegan choices! Props to LPQ for inventive and thoughtful meal options.
