Just an update - besty and I made our weekly pilgrimage to Le Viet. Besty commented, "I never thought I'd see the day when you would order soup when it's 92 degrees outside." But this chili based soup (#5) with pineapple, tomato, shrimp and mushrooms is definitely a cure all. I'm convinced it's an anti-inflammatory and a great buy at $3.95 with outrageous flavor 5/5
The wings are perfection crunchy, salty, savory, sweet, citrusy, deliciousness (is that a word?). Full of flavor I think I even tasted shallots. This dish includes six wings at $7.95 but worth it 5/5.
The drinks are a generous pour, regularly priced between $8-$12  (we weren't in time for happy hour which ends at 7 I think). My Old Fashion 5/5 was infused with orangey goodness and a great contrast with the food. Besty ordered her Pom concoction, I think it tasted like Sour Patch kids which by no coincidence are also her favorite candies 5/5.

SERVICE: 6/5 It was great, our waitress knew the menu and how to tone down the heat if need be, but next time I'm going full on spicy! She really knew how the dishes were made! She recommended the pigs feet soup for next time. Im not sure if I'm ready for that. But she broadens a customer's mind so maybe I'll try it, never say never, right?
Yum!! Awesome food and equally fabulous bar! Kevin put love into all of his drinks- a true mixologist with an uncanny memory! We ordered a pear and cucumber drink of his invention and it was liquid ambrosia ! My friend also tried a luscious raspberry inspired drink, it was also delicious. 

The food was just as spectacular. We started with summer rolls. Then my Friend ordered a clay pot chicken curry, it tasted like Christmas! I'd the bun with everything (#27) noodles on the side.

We loved everything and especially the drinks! Kevin is an artist.
I went to Le Viet for dinner with a group of seven. I had been interested in trying this place for a while but never got around to it, so was excited to finally try it. Service started out okay - drinks arrived quickly and our orders were taken. We received one of the appetizers very fast... but then the other apps we ordered didn't come out. Another server came over to ask if we had ever gotten the remaining apps and she made sure we received them. 

I think the delay in apps also caused a delay in entrees. I kept seeing other tables receive their food super quickly but it seemed like our table in the corner was forgotten. When dishes did come out, they were extremely staggered. I got my dish first and it sat in front of me for at least five minutes before anyone else got their entrees. 

My dish was fried shrimp in a ginger sauce with a side of rice. It was pretty tasty though I wish it had more vegetables involved aside from just onions. Everyone else seemed happy with their entree choices, which were mostly noodle dishes. 

I liked Le Viet but the service left a lot to be desired. It makes for an inexpensive night out so I'd give it another shot sometime, maybe with a smaller group.
Our friends recommended my boyfriend and I check this place out so we were quick to bookmark it. Only two days after they mentioned it to us, we made a stop for a (very) late lunch and left extremely happy with our experience!

We were both rather surprised with the atmosphere when we first walked in. Le Viet is definitely more upscale than other neighboring Vietnamese restaurants. It is very modern, with sleek seating and an extensive bar. They have a couple big screen tv's at the bar which I'm sure draws some customers in for happy hour or on the weekends to watch a game. We got there at about 2:55 pm on a Sunday and there were a decent amount of tables already taken. The fact that they had customers at such an odd time of day tells me they have a pretty good following! 

As we walked in we saw that they offer lunch specials from 12 pm - 3 pm, 7 days a week. Since we were seated just two minutes before the lunch special was ending, we were pretty sure that they were not going to offer us the deals, BUT I figured I would ask anyway. Without any hesitation, our friendly and attentive waiter told us he would honor it! YES! First sign of good customer service! 

For an appetizer, we decided to get the Bun Ga Nuong Cha Gio which consisted of grilled chicken served with bean sprouts, vegetables, fried springs rolls, and vermicelli noodles. The chicken was grilled just right, the spring rolls were crispy and flavorful, and the vegetables were definitely fresh. We both really enjoyed it!

For my entree, I chose the Singapore Noodles which came with both shrimp and chicken. Wow just wow. The noodles were very tasty with lots of flavor. It came with a sauce to be poured over the noodles (possibly a duck sauce?) which I really liked. The portion size was huge so this entree made for lunch as well as dinner for me later. :)

My boyfriend got the Pho Dac Biet for his meal which he enjoyed. He was quick to mention that it came with a very generous amount of flank steak and brisket. We also both agreed that this was the largest bowl of pho we've seen yet!

Our delicious (and very filling) meal came out to just $20! We couldn't believe it! Not only did we leave full and extremely content, but with to-go boxes in our hands. :)

With impressive food and wonderful customer service, I will definitely be returning! I highly recommend checking this place out, especially for a lunch that won't break the bank!
I came her for my first experience with pho, as all of the other pho places in the vicinity seemed to be closed by 8:30 on Saturday.  I'm glad we stumbled upon Le Viet because it was pho-nominal.  I swear that will be my only pun.  

The decor is beautiful, clean and open, just dark enough.  They seated us right away even though we didn't have reservations and the service was attentive and friendly the whole night.  We choose a few things, but honestly everything on the menu looked amazing and I can't wait to try more. 

We started with the spring rolls and spare ribs for appetizers.  The spring rolls could have had a little more shrimp but they were very fresh and had great flavor nonetheless and the peanut dipping sauce on the side was stellar.  The spare ribs fell off the bone and were delicious as well, the portion size is also pretty large for the price. 

The pho itself just hit the spot, my friend got the House Special and I got the seafood.  Both were amazing, I liked mine a little bit better but maybe because I made it more spicy.  Both were filled with meat and veggies, and the broth was deeply flavorful.  This was a perfect meal for a cold night as it was hearty but not heavy, it really warmed me up. 

All in all the prices are surprisingly reasonable, the atmosphere is very nice, the food is pho-resh (sorry I had to) and extremely flavorful and the service is great.
Over the years of literally living across the street, this became known as the "bad weather restaurant", because it seems we always thought to come when the weather was awful. Well, tonight is our last night living across the street because we're moving down south- Deep South Philly that is. And it was cold as a welldigger's arse and snowy, so to le Viet we went!

Get these things: #2 crispy vermicelli noodle spring roll, pop's wings, #69 ginger shrimp, and #64 country beef. If you're two people, or very hungry. The shrimp alone is worth the trip. When you order these things, the server will be impressed, and say these are the house favourites.

Also get a cocktail! They are strong and delicious. We can vouch for the mojitos and the Mai tais. 

At the end of all that your bill will be embarrassingly small. Leave a nice tip for your server- they all seem to genuinely enjoy working there and it seems like a positive environment. I like supporting that kind of business!
In Ali Wong's recent standup special on Netflix (Baby Cobra), she goes off on the lack of authenticity of the Vietnamese restaurant her then boyfriend took her out to on their first date, a place called Pho Sho.  I'm paraphrasing, but she proceeds to rant that this place clearly is not authentic since the name of the restaurant does not include a number, one is not publicly berated by the servers,  and the bathroom does not double up as a supply closet with gallons of bleach and a Vietnamese grandma with glaucoma sitting in the corner.   

While one has the option of the veritable Pho75 within a 2 minute walk of here, one could make the argument that Le Viet would be the superior option for date night without making significant compromises in authenticity.  Sure, there's no number in the name and at least they resisted the urge to interject a pho-gettable bún, I mean pun, but when one walks in, the modern  decor, well-stocked bar, and open window into the kitchen definitely makes one suspect he/she is dining at [insert your favorite non-Asian Top Chef]'s take on Vietnamese fusion, since it looks WAY too nice and clean.  However, upon opening their menu, one sees that this is most definitely an authentic Vietnamese eatery that include the usual classics (bún, pho, spring rolls, stir fries, rice plates) but also include native favorite appetizers such as Hn Xúc Bánh Đa (baby clams,beef, peanuts served atop sesame rice crackers), Bánh Xèo (savory crepe), Chim Cúc Quay (deep fried quail), and Bò Tái Chanh (vietnamese take on carpaccio).   

Not only is the plating beautiful often with intricate knifework on the garnishes but they care to go the extra mile in the details, whether it be broken rice and a bowl of broth in the rice plate, bone-in chicken for the pho ga, and a set of signature cocktails to elevate the dining experience.   Our experience was capped by more hits(the deep fried soft-shell crabs with ginger and onions (62) and the house special pork chop rice plate served with egg quiche, shredded pork, and an exquisite fried egg atop broken rice) than misses (avoid the papaya salad; pho purists seem to be underwhelmed based on other reviews).  My advice would be to go a little off book with less traditional offerings that can be shared family style and save room for some drinks/dessert.  You can always head across the street to Pho75 and pay your respects to the grandmother lurking in the bathroom when you are recovering from a cold in need of a steaming bowl of pho.

P.S. Credit cards accepted, and in case you were wondering, service and bathroom are stellar (pho sho)
I have four words to whisper in your ear. They aren't in my native tongue, and before I visited Le Viet, meant nothing on their own. 

Once uttered, the brief quartet of syllables Hen Xuc Banh Da manifests as a plate not soon forgotten, the kind of thing that should be crowned "Appetizer of the Year" by a glossy local magazine, if that particular title were not on the auction block annually.

Sweet, tender baby clams sauteed in "house special" sauce with basil, onions and some magic seasoning completely mysterious are ensconced in a crispy sesame rice cracker bowl.  It's snapping-and-scooping glory.
Le Viet in the Bella Vista neighborhood of Philly is one of the top (if not the best) Vietnamese restaurants I have ever eaten in.  This upscale Vietnamese restaurant is a real treat and only a short stroll from Center City Philly.  The staff who work here are friendly, efficient, and helpful and that begins as soon as you walk through the door of this stylish eatery. But the food has to come through and boy does it! After all this is one of the only places in Philadelphia serving up that tasty Hanoi fish feast - Cha Cá Lã Vong.  This is the signature dish of Hanoi cuisine.  It consists of a catfish-like Lang fish lightly fried and cooking on a bed of scallions at your table.  There is a plate of varying types of greens, rice noodles, peanuts to build your creation which will begin with rice paper.  You spin the rice paper in a hot water contraption and then fill it (but not overfill) with all the above ingredients before you fold & roll.  When you've done all that, you dip your creation into a shrimp-based fish sauce with hot chili peppers and you eat this wonderful flavor mixture to your heart's content.  Yes there is enough food and rice papers to make several rolls so this a perfect dish to share. An order of their delicious Cha giò began the dinner but they are not actually needed as your entrée is so large and you will prob wind up taking them home with you.

Le Viet is a wonderful Vietnamese restaurant that rises above its many competitors.  And how awesome it is in offering up the culinary experience that is Cha Cá Lã Vong!!
Le Viet is not your every day run of the mill traditional Vietnamese restaurant.  Its modern décor informs about the approach the kitchen takes to its menu.  It too, is modern and uniquely different from most of the other ethnic houses in this community.  If you want a break from Pho and Broken Rice (or even if you don't), but desire creativity and great distinctive flavor, this is your destination of choice.  

I had read the reviews, but was still very pleasantly surprised by the attention to comfort and privacy afforded here.  Booths with high back benches separating us from our dining neighbors.  Dark woody tones with high ceilings and subdued lighting. Glass vases, mirrors behind the bar, and extended front wall to let an image of the city enter, but keep us hidden within.  A place for a date. 

We ordered #s 9 and 70 - Pineapple Salad appetizer and Short Ribs roasted in a clay pot.  Both were exceptional.  The App came in a hollowed out half Pineapple, loaded with fresh Fruit, raw Calamari, spicy Shrimp, and assorted sidekick Veggies, all held together with a Lime and Pineapple Juice base with an assist from a good Fish Sauce. It was delicious. It wasn't Cerviche, but suggested that style.  When the solids were consumed, we asked for spoons so we could drink the sauce remaining in the bottom of the pineapple.  I could have had that for a cocktail if mixed with a little light rum. 

The Short Ribs had been torched to a dark burn, so that everything else in the clay pot had been caramelized into a thick glazy gravy that was hot with a hint of sweet.  The meat was easily liberated from the bone and also captured that intense taste.  We loved it.  

If there was a weakness it came from the bar that prepared the Mai Tai we requested.  I envisioned a Trader Vic's drink, full of orange, pineapple and lime juice, two rums, coconut liquor, and Grenadine.  Aside from a squirt of lime and a pour of Grenadine and Light Rum, the other ingredients were absent, making for a thin drink lacking its soul.  Next time, we skip the drinks. 

Otherwise, this was a top notch meal.  It was a great alternative to the usual stops on Philly-Saigon-Hanoi dinner train.
Yum!! Awesome food and equally fabulous bar! Kevin put love into all of his drinks- a true mixologist with an uncanny memory! We ordered a pear and cucumber drink of his invention and it was liquid ambrosia ! My friend also tried a luscious raspberry inspired drink, it was also delicious. 

The food was just as spectacular. We started with summer rolls. Then my Friend ordered a clay pot chicken curry, it tasted like Christmas! I'd the bun with everything (#27) noodles on the side.

We loved everything and especially the drinks! Kevin is an artist!
Best $6 appetizer I've ever had.

Le Viet is so far above it's competition that it's almost laughable. Every element by which I rate restaurants is a solid five stars. Let's briefly survey each, shall we?

First and foremost, the food is incredible.  The sliders (beef, pork, or chicken), which were offered on special for $6, are possibly one of the best bites in the city. They have every flavour, texture, and general quality one would want in top flight dishes: sweet, heat, crunch, softness, great colour, perfect portion.  This is a must try.  The catfish clay pot also beautifully balances the brilliant complexity of this region's cuisine. Other honourable mentions include, the lime/salt&pepper sauce, and the quail eggs. 

The service is outstanding.  The whole staff works as a team, and everyone is as knowledgable as they are friendly. They were happy to help me pronounce the dishes correctly, so that I might do them the courtesy of ordering properly when I next return. 

The decor may be a half-click under 'Raw' or 'Mikado'. The interior is clean, and sleek. A clear shot of the kitchen is made visible, which always inspires confidence in my book. It's appropriately nice without being posh. 

The most fantastic part of the Le Viet experience, is that it's no more expensive than any of the other 2-3 star pho joints on Washington Ave.  I'm not served any mystery meats...I don't have to fish tripe or gristle out of my bowl, and there are no screaming children running about al la Pho Ha.  - Tangent: Your children are not cute. A big wheels does not belong in a restaurant. No one enjoys screaming while they eat. Daycare and the family business are not synonymous. End Tangent -  I'd like to offer a mantra to Le Viet, if they would have it..."La Viet, we' re not more expensive, just better."  Try as soon as possible.
Oh, you fancy, huh? Le Viet is the fanciest Vietnamese place I've been.  By appearance alone, I'd recommend a visit, maybe even as a date spot.  

The pho is solid too!  I went during their 2 year anniversary, which meant $2.22 pho.  While I figured that would mean watered-down, meatless pho, I was pleasantly surprised to find it meant nearly the exact opposite.  And despite the busy lunch rush, the staff was friendly and easy to get a hold of when needed.

If you're planning a visit, head to their website first.  You can sign up to their mailing list and get free spring rolls!
As of this writing, Le Viet is not "officially open."  Their grand opening is April 11, 2010.  I guess they wanted to do a soft open and we happened catch them during this period. 

First, this place is brand new.  Atmosphere is really modern - sharp lines, fancy lighting, walnut tables, pretty trendy design.  Wait, this is on Washington Ave?  It's like a Banana Republic fell on flea market - a huge departure from the rest of the Asian Washington Ave offerings.  

How does it compare to Nam Phoung and Viet Huong? (1/2 a block away?)  Based on the pho and the charbroiled pork plate we got, I'd say it's on par.  The crabmeat and white asparagus soup was pretty good - kind of like Chinese fish maw soap.  

I don't know how to rate this place.  It's certainly not bad.  But the food we had wasn't better than our usual Nam Phoung and Viet Huong.  At the end of the day, are you will to pay a 25% price premium for the fancy atmosphere and the marginally better service?  Le Viet is betting you will.
Allow me to preface this review by saying that I am server who has grown up in this industry considering my family has owned restaurants since before I was born so I have an extremely high level of tolerance towards restaurant mishaps and bullshit. Unfortunately, we all have our breaking point and last night I can honestly say that I had the absolute WORST dining experience of my life. 

My friends had been raving about Le Viet for awhile now, so when it was suggested that we try it out I was extremely excited and looked forward to what I was assured was going to be an excellent meal. The menu itself is extensive and we all had a seriously hard time deciding on what to get because everything sounded delicious and was reasonably priced. Ultimately, my 3 friends and I decided to share the pork crepe as an appetizer and chicken stir fry, house special pho, and 2 vermicelli bowls as entrees. Our crepe came out super quickly, which kind of weirded us out because it seemed almost too quick, but it was alright. My friends loved it, I thought it was ok, but it was a decent way to start off what could've been a good meal. Unfortunately it was alllllll down hill from there. 

After waiting about 20 minutes, my one friend's chicken stir fry came out and it looked and smelled delicious. We assumed that ours would be out shortly since they were busy, but that turned out to be incorrect. After another 15 minutes of waiting, the first of two vermicelli bowls arrived. Another 5 minutes later, my bowl of pho arrived. For those keeping score, the chicken stir fry had been out for 20 minutes by that point and was cold. We approached our server several times about the timing of the food and where the final vermicelli bowl was and we were assured that it would be out shortly. 15 minutes later (and watching countless other vermicelli bowls go out), the last entree still never arrived. My friend approached the manager and he again assured her that her bowl would be out shortly and that her meal would be comped. 10 minutes later, it still wasn't there. I approached the manager and simply asked for the bill for the crepe since all of our entrees were freezing by that point and the last one STILL had yet to arrive. When the bill arrived, everything EXCEPT for the crepe was on there. Fed up, we paid 8 dollars for the bill and left (which is something I've never done before but seriously, it was warrented in this case). The final vermicelli bowl had still yet to arrive at that point.

I have never experienced a kitchen or floor staff being managed so inefficiently. The excuse we were given from the manager is that there was a large party (who arrived after we had already placed our order) and they kept ordering complex dishes sporadically. Now like I said, I am but a meager server and have never been a line cook but I know how kitchens work and I know that you make the tickets in the order in which they arrive so situations like the one we experienced do not happen. Along with that, we saw several tables get seated after we were and finish their meals before we left. To add insult to injury, the server and manager were annoyed at US for bringing up these issues. We waited almost an hour for our entire meal to arrive and it never did. To expect us to pay for a meal that we did not eat because it was cold and did not come out in an orderly fashion due to you prioritizing other tables instead of making the food tickets like any other kitchen in the world is absurd and ridiculous. The manager clearly has no idea how to manage a floor staff, kitchen, and a restaurant. 

Is the food good? Probably, which is annoying because I would've loved to try an entire meal. This place, though...I have never experienced something so awful in my life. Do yourself a favor and NEVER go here.
The best, fantastic! 

Everything we ordered was delicious and they've a full bar with reasonably priced drinks and happy hour until 7!!!!! The staff Is sweet,low key but attentive. 

My friend had the Razzle Mishazzel (she invented the drink I made the name up)and I'd red wine. Her drink was so delicious! It had Pom, raspberry vodka, simple syrup, fresh lime juice and a shot of soda on the rocks - DELISH!!!!

We had two orders of summer rolls, she had the spicy seafood soup - she loved it. I'd  the Bun with everything pasta on the side; it was all fantastic! Go there! Full bar! Need I say more?
Growing up in a Vietnamese household, I am very picky about what I eat when I go out to Vietnamese restaurants.  I always compare everything to my mom's cooking and whether it's too bland or has been Americanized.

Le Viet is pretty close to hitting home.  They have dishes that are not found on any other area restaurant's menus, and they taste pretty authentic.  We started with the minced clams with crisps, a dish my mom had made before that I have never seen on any other menu.  Then, I had the thit kho, or pork claypot, which I have tried at every restaurant that offers it, and while the flavors were not at strong as mom's, it was pretty close, and a huge portion.   The boyfriend had cari ga, or curried chicken in broth, which came with the option of noodles, rice or bread.  He chose the noodles, and while it came out weirdly arranged (noodles plated on 1 dish, soupy cari ga in a bowl ready to overflow - how are you supposed to eat it?), it was tasty.

The pluses of Le Viet is that the interior is nicer than any other Vietnamese restaurant in town.  Sometimes I am afraid my out of town friends will be scared by the interiors of the other Vietnamese places.  Le Viet will be getting a liquor license (it was BYOB when I went) with a fully stocked bar.  For a few more dollars per dish, it is worth the treat to sit in a very beautifully decorated and clean restaurant.  The servers were knowledgeable and friendly

All in all, Le Viet serves good food, has a nice atmosphere to bring out of towners to, and is conveniently located.  Try the minced clams appetizer because you can't find it anywhere else!
I like Vietnamese restaurants and the meal I had last night was as good as I've had anywhere but the evening was made more enjoyable by the slick shiny ambiance which tended to lift my mood.  The staff also seemed genuinely happy that we were happy.  I had something with various seafood and the components were substantial and fresh-tasting.  The sophisticated atmosphere would make this a place of choice to take special guests while the cost isn't much more than plainer competitors.  I'm anxious for an occasion to go back.
Wow, I'm am shocked with all the negative reviews posted about this restaurant. Every time I go here, we get great service and food! The restaurant is beautifully decorated and modernized. Service is always friendly and fast. Food here is amazing. I usually stick with my Com tam thit nuong (pork rice platter). Always cooked to perfection with the char taste to the beef. I was here with a party of 15 a few weeks ago, the food came out together and quickly. It's also a BYOB, so we brought a mini keg and was not charged a penny for having it there. I would recommend this fine establishment to anyone looking for quality food, great service and affordable prices!
I think this is the nicest viet modern restaurant ive ever been to. The outside looks very upscale and trendy, love it! Inside, it had nice tables, chairs, big and roomy, plenty of space!

Presentation of food, excellent! The flower they put on the dishes, and the way they serve the rice in a square like dish, was just impressable! I was like wow, why didnt i think of that?! lol 

The food, i ordered the diced meat, i forgot how to spell it out in viet, but this is a dish they serve in most viet restaurants but this is the only restaurant where it was very very flavorful!! And it didnt even need the salt, pepper, and lime sauce with it. It was delicious just as it is! However, the $15 bucks on the dish was a little pricey, but i think it was worth it!

We ordered the summer rolls, and i think this is the first restaurant i had that gave it HOT like just rolled out of the hot water FRESH! I loved it! it was soft and good! My friend ordered pho, and i think its the only restaurant that gives a lot of pho noodles, but its worth the $10 price on it. It was very delicious as well! 

Great service as well, the waiter kept coming by every time my water was gone. lol. And everybody knows me, i drink water like crazy! So overall, i think i like it here. Friendly and fast service. I think its also pretty cool to see their chef in action in their see thru glass windows. Shows how fresh our food is!! I will definitely recommend this new place for everybody to just give it try!
Stay away from this place.

Father's Day I ordered takeout at 610 and was told 25 mins for the food. My family including an aunt, cousin and 92 year old grandmother was coming over at 630 for dinner. We live less than a 2 min drive away so it'd be easy to sneak out, pick it up and get back quickly. We did not get our food until 7 pm as my family and 92 year old grandma waited to eat dinner.

In addition, they asked for a credit card number to keep on file. I'm not exactly comfortable giving that kind of information to someone over the phone. Since I was going to do it, I just asked them to charge it so I could just run in, sign for it and go to save some time. They couldn't do that for whatever reason so I'm not sure what the point of even giving it was. On top of that, the guy on the phone had no idea what was going on when I asked questions about the menu. I was put on hold about 3 times so he could ask someone else. By the second time, you'd think he'd just give that person the phone.

The icing on the cake was that we ordered the steam fish. Something my dad loves. We were told it would feed about 6 people and it had a market price of $40. It definitely would not feed 6 people. Maybe 4 at the very most. We ended up not ordering enough food for everyone and I had to cook more on my own so everyone felt full. On top of that, the fish was terrible. There was absolutely no flavor at all. No salt, no pepper, just no spices of any kind.

I never say to not go to a place, especially privately/family owned places considering my aunt and uncle own a restaurant as well and I grew up knowing how much work it is, but when you are this bad at treating your customers, I say stay away.
Yum!! Awesome food and equally fabulous bar! Kevin put love into all of his drinks- a true mixologist with an uncanny memory! We ordered a pear and cucumber drink of his invention and it was liquid ambrosia ! My friend also tried a luscious raspberry inspired drink, it was also delicious. 

The food was just as spectacular. We started with summer rolls. Then my Friend ordered a clay pot chicken curry, it tasted like Christmas! I'd the bun with everything (#27) noodles on the side.

We loved everything and especially the drinks! Kevin is an artist!
I am not the hugest fan of Vietnamese food, and I realized last weekend it's because I never had really delicious food.  At other places I frequent in Chinatown, I always got bun, pho, or charboiled beef over broken rice.  Same ol' same ol.  At le Viet, they had some dishes that was so interesting, we just had to try.

I had the spareribs in clay pot - AMAZING.  It was juicy and perfectly seasoned.  It's a "fingers get mess" dish, but totally worth it.    For appetizers, we had pineapple calamari shrimp.  OH. MY. God.  It was so yummy.  Normally I hate fruit in my food, but the pineapple is subtle and really compliments the calamari and shrimp.  You eat it over little shrimp crackers.  It's a delicious salad-esque dish.  

And of course, a meal is not complete without the iced coffee in condensed milk.  Okay, I think it's time for me to go back tonight!
It takes a lot to make a group of four laid back people get up and walk out of a restaurant in a storming rage... Le Viet was able to do just this. I have been here more than a couple times and the service has been consistently mediocre, but never was it as bad as this past Friday, the last time I'll ever go there again... 

In short, this restaurant clearly does not understand the meaning of service and their food is not good enough to justify putting up with the bs. You'd think with their "fancy" atmosphere and the fact that they serve most of the same Vietnamese food you can get across the street for cheaper, that service would be something they would emphasize in the dining experience...WRONG.

Our party of four ordered an appetizer and 4 entrees- 2 vermecelli bowls, pho and a stir fry. 

First came the appetizer, a Vietnamese crepe filled with veggies and pork. They gave us one that had been sitting on the pick up counter for 10 mins or so before we even ordered (I saw this because we were sitting at the closest table to the counter). This is a dish that should be made fresh, it was lukewarm and the crepe was overstuffed with bean sprouts and sorta soggy- it was OK at best. I was willing to let this slide, though definitely not cool.

My friend got his stir fry first, a solid 20 minutes after the appetizer had been cleared away. Perplexed, we waited for our food, figuring it was just a busy night hold up. Then another friend got his vermecelli bowl about 15 minutes later... 5 minutes later the Pho finally came to our table.  It seems to me that vermecelli noodle bowl and Pho are probably two of the easiest things to prepare yet took half an hour to get to our table after we had an appetizer. Also, how do you make one vermecelli bowl for a table without making the other?! That still left me with no food. As my three friends sat politely with entrees in varying stages of cooling down, we tried to make conversation to not think about how enraged we were getting (especially me). 

After about 15 more minutes of waiting, I went up and talked to the manager who gave me a lame excuse (a large group, blah blah), told me my food was on the way and that he would take it off the bill. Of course we waited, watching many other dishes come out of the kitchen and seeing a couple who sat down after us eat, pay and leave. Finally, we all reached a breaking point and decided f this. We asked for the bill for the crepe since nobody ate any of their food waiting for me- instead they gave us a bill for 3 entrees. We dropped $8 cash for the crepe and walked out. 

I have never walked out of a restaurant like that before, I thought only difficult people and assholes did stuff like that, but this was seriously the worst dining experience I have ever had and maybe they need a wake up call on how to run a restaurant. The apathetic/smug staff was entirely unapologetic and seemed annoyed that we were even asking about when our food would come out.  

SKIP the bs at Le Viet and go to Nam Phuong across the street or any of the joints across the street for that matter. Same food, quick service, better prices, no attitudes, you won't have to wait an hour for everyone to get their entree and best of all you won't storm out of the restaurant pissed off and hungry.
This place is has it all, ambience, comfort, elegance, taste, fantastic customer service.. This was an all around great dining experience.  I came in on a Sunday evening, kind of a last minute decision, I hadn't been here before but my friend had been wanting to take me here for a while.  We were warmly greeted at the door, I was pleasantly surprised at modern elegant feel.  The game was on they wisely sat us at a comfortable booth across from the quiet bar with a perfect view of one of the TVs. Since it was a last minute decision I hadn't had time to look through the menu nor the pictures prior to my arrival, I'm already indecisive so this could have been a disaster, but luckily my friend was occupied by the game and our waitress was awesome at giving me suggestions.  She went through each section, pho, stir fry, etc advised me based on not only her preference but what was popular.  I actually really appreciated that.  

I started off with a mango mojito which was really, really good.. The balance was there perfect! I think the glass was a little skinny, definitely could have used more on a drink with that type of perfection. I had to order another.  We skipped apps and just did entrees.  The beef with asparagus was delicious, nice blend of sweet from the beef and crisp from the asparagus.  it was plentiful and the presentation was impressive.  The crab and shrimp fried rice, I tasted it was also delicious.  I have a feeling everything there will be delicious, I cannot imagine having a subpar meal here, you can tell they take a lot of pride in what they do.  I look forward to trying more items on their menu.
Yum Yum Yum.

SERVICE: Every. single. waiter. was very smexy. Must be a requirement to work here. I am a fan.
Also they were attentive and blah blah blah. But very hot. I promise this isn't the only reason I am giving five stars. But it doesn't hurt. 

FOOD: The Vietnamese spring rolls (Gi Cun) were deliciously fresh and balanced. Some places but too much mint--this place did not. The egg rolls (Ch Giò) were great as well.

What really took the cake was the Shrimp Verimecelli (Bún Tôm Nng Ch Giò). The shrimp were so fresh and obviously grilled to order. They had a nice charred flavor. My sister got the shrimp rice plate (Cm Tm Tôm Nng) and agreed wholeheartedly.


ATMOSPHERE: Beautiful, minimalist decor with white floating Chinese lanterns and some fairy lights here and there. Romantic setting for sure. Would have been great for a date, if you are into that kind of thing.
I went to Le Viet when it first opened, and though I thought the fried rice w/ pineapple was yummy, it was a bit too heavy with MSG for my taste. 

I decided to go back again after the glowing Craig LeBan review. Per his suggestion, the marinated Cornish Game Hen appetizer was absolutely  delicious. The rest of the dinner, however, was a total disappointment. 

The sauted green beans w/ pork was served lukewarm, and when we requested it be re-heated (which i have never done before), it still tasted cold! The stir fry chicken with vegetables, was not only a bit too mild in flavor, but the "sauce" it was served was thick, and gelatinous.  The thick, cold and lumpy sauce actually grossed me out so much that I lost appetite. My boyfriend was equally grossed out, but we managed to eat enough to feel satisfied and could not get out of there fast enough. 

On the plus side, the place is beautiful and the service is great. If you go, I recommend not ordering anything stir fried, as the clay pot seems the way to go. As you can imagine, I will not be going back.
I love Vietnamese food...like absolutely love...could eat it everyday. So I was quite excited when I saw that there were other items on the menu different from the typical rice and noodle dishes that you get at Nam Phoung or whatnot.  For example, the pineapple salad with calamari and shrimp...so flavorful and light..another dish is their fish wrap entree.  Granted you have the wrap the food itself but the flavor is wonderful.

The atmosphere is great and design is very sleek.  If you are in the mood for Vietnamese food but want something from the typical places, this is the place to go!  The staff is friendly and understanding.
First off, I am Vietnamese and I grew up in Little Saigon in California.  I also have lived in Vietnam.  I have strong opinions on Vietnamese food, and I will go out of my way to eat it.  But I will not go much out of my way.  Convenience, quality, and respect for customers are some of the traits that I look for in a Viet restaurant...and of course, this is a difficult combination to fulfill.

Basically, this place is solid.  You may think that as a nicer Vietnamese restaurant that there must be something wrong with their food.  Don't be fooled.  There's some good stuff on the menu, like the Ca Kho To, the Rockfish, the Goi Du Du.  Their products may be fusion-esque, but it's not bad.  I would take my mom here....she is concerned about cleanliness and being treated properly....but not sure about my dad.  He is an especially critical patron when it comes to Vietnamese food.  He spends 90% of his free time in Little Saigon, CA....and is solely focused on authenticity.

One secret here is that you should be eating family style if you're going as a group. Sure their individual dishes are good, but the bigger shared stuff is where it's at.  All that I could ask for in terms of improvement is a more diversified menu.  Some Rau Muong or Ca Hap would have been awesome.  But you can't get everything, can you.

I'll go back here...many times.  With more people.  So glad to have found this place. Hope it doesn't get played out!
Since moving into S. Philly, I've been going here almost weekly. 

There was no preparing me for what I would see when I entered this restaurant, given the condition of its surroundings. 

The Crab Meat and shrimp fried rice is to die for, I have it almost every time i'm there. 
The calimari entree is second to none! 

One evening I went with 8 others and our bill amounted to $150, including drinks and a ton of food. The servings were so large that we ended up having doggie-bags even after devouring to our hearts content. The prices are absolutely reasonable, for absolutely amazing food.

Recommend to anyone.
This is a great locally owned restaurant. They have been around for a while, serving elegantly plated Vietnamese food. I have probably mostly come for lunch, since they have a nice and affordable lunch menu (cash only if you get the special, but they accept credit cards otherwise). My go to lately has been the Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gi (pork and a spring roll with bean sprouts and other vegetables). Their pho/soup is also good, as are their banh mi. They also have beer and cocktails on the menu. The cocktail with lychee is highly recommended.
Aside from being a little loud... oh my gosh this place is fun!!
We both had the do it yourself spring roll things.
They give you all the ingredients, the rice paper and the water to soften the paper.  Basically when you order off the top right side of the menu you're ordering the insides of your spring roll.  They assume you've never done it before and show you what to do.  There is very little skill involved, anyone can do it and after a while you'll figure out your preferred ratios of everything.  It was pretty awesome.  I haven't been to another restaurant like it.

You will definitely get full at this restaurant for very cheap, just note that it is no longer a b.y.o.
Unfortunately I cannot recommend this place. My partner and I had dinner here. Both of us had noodle dishes--mine with pork, shrimp, and sausage and his with seafood. We shared the pineapple salad app. The food tasted fine. Not the best I've had, but fine. A few hours later I was violently vomiting. I had food poisoning so bad I couldn't eat, or really do much of anything, for a week. My husband, who tasted my food, had some mild stomach issues and was sick for about three days. The manager I spoke with, Bruce, refunded my bill. But one thing he said I found odd: oh well, that happens sometimes. He didn't seem overly concerned. Does this happen often there? I dont know. He also offered me a gift certificate, which was nice but I won't be returning so I declined.
I think this place is a VERY welcome addition to the neighborhood.  The decor is very modern and upscale - beautiful job there.  The menu is large enough to provide plenty of choice for most diners.  It is a mix of Vietnamese and Chinese dishes.

Although most of what's offered is standard fare for Vietnamese restaurants, Le Viet has elevated most dishes by using fresh ingredients and a very light hand in preparation.  The fried rice with shrimp and BBQ pork I ordered was incredibly delicious and not the least bit greasy.  Ours was a large party and we ordered two of the calamari salads served in a half pineapple - that was a big hit with the entire party.  Perfect for warm weather. 

I thought the prices were on par with those at other Vietnamese restaurants.  Most entrees were under $15.    I will definitely be making this place a regular haunt.
Came here for paint nite and it was great!! The servers did an amazing job trying to keep up with everyone's orders, bartenders did an awesome job with the drinks, and the space was just gorgeous. My sisters and I decided to come early so we could get some Happy Hour drinks and appetizers. So glad we did! :-)

Ordered:
Limeade drink- Whoa, was it DELICIOUS!! And quite strong, but you definately could not tell until it kinda hits you half way inbetween.

Beef salad - we could have done chicken, but I wasn't some of that red stuff...lol. I think it was drowned in waaaay too much dressing/sauce, so it really overpowered the dish and I couldn't taste the meat or the lettuce. Next time, I would ask for it on the side.

Fried tofu - This was great!! It was fried perfectly with not too much batter, so it wasn't extremely heavy. Came out nice and hot too.

Fried banana w/ice cream - Just get it! So good.

Fried chicken - I thought it was ok, but I got there late, so I can't really give a full perspective of it since I had the leftovers.

Overall, I would definately come again. Ambience and service really made the night
At first we thought there was a large wedding that just left when walking in. Every table had dirty dishes on it like they have no bus person working. The place was empty with only 3 tables eatting. What a nice place this resturant. The building I mean,I really like the parking and decor. We were forced to sit directly infront of the loud kitchen area since every table was taken up with spent pho bowls. We can understand in Viet what the kitchen complains about. And Du Ma is a word even Americans can understand.

In short: The service sucks, but they are really nice. None of the waiters are really waiters, more like collage kids looking for extra cash or family help. It shows, compared to waiters making it a career. They all hung around like the dishes were going to clean up the tables themselves. Bad impression for anyone. Then at once they all got together and cleaned up the whole place, but do you really need to wait until the last clear table is used before cleaning up? I can find better places to spend my Sunday afternoon then in an awesome looking resturant that is filled with empty pho bowls.

My advice. Clear the table when its done, not only when you run out of tables to use.

Your $3.95 pho bowl should come a warning on how it does not come with chopsticks, or anything else but a bowl. First time i ever ate pho with a fork. It had about two spoons full of noodles. For $6 I could have had a bucket of it ANYWHERE else.

Foo Foo Vietnamese is cool, but it's really lame if you can't follow up with service.

With only 3 tables the food took forever, I can not imagine how long it would have been if the place was packed.

WHAT's with everyone on their cell phones doing nothing with a place filled with uncleaned tables. Get off the iPHONES when there's work to do.

College kids not carreer wait staff and it shows, you don't need the tips you guys just want extra cash.

Poorly timed food roll out.

I think this place is going to have a real hard time getting return customers which is the LIFE line of any resturant. Fool us once shame on you, fool us twice shame on me.
Great spot 
Decor ambience all around great place for some authentic or what I believe to be authentic Vietnamese food!!! Friendly staff to add to this great spot 
Will be back soon 
Thanks for a great experience
I've eaten here a couple times and have been happy with the food and service is very attentive. Their bún riêu and pho are pretty good.  My favorite is their pho lunch special... great price, portion, and the broth is delicious. It's hard to find a good pho place nowadays that don't over charge! I also like that the restaurant is very clean.
Definitely the trendiest-looking Vietnamese restaurant I have ever dined in. You can tell it's not your usual pho spot when you walk in and there's no smell of fish sauce lingering around. 

My group decided to let me choose my post-Broad Street Run brunch. I asked them how Le Viet's Cafe Sua Da is and it took no further discussion. After twenty minutes of circling the blocks around Le Viet, we found parking (thank Buddha, I was starving). The restaurant wasn't too busy for a Sunday during brunch hour. Worked out well for us and we were seated right away.

Since I knew I was going to be gorging at some type of buffet in the evening as my BSR reward to myself, I opted for small items. I ordered Goi Cuon, Banh Xeo, and a Cafe Sua Da. Little did I know, the appetizers were not small at all. The Goi Cuon was stuffed with noodles, a little too much in my opinion. But the dipping sauce was delicious.

The size of the Banh Xeo was on a different level. It was probably the size of a cheesesteak! Unlike traditional restaurants that overfill the Vietnamese crepe with bean sprouts, this one had a lot of pork and shrimp, very tasty. Beware, the dish is served with a tremendous amount of vegetables that you will probably not finish.

My Vietnamese iced coffee finally arrived after my meal was almost finished. Not sure what took so long, but the server apologized. It was ready to drink in a plastic cup with a straw, no drip cup necessary.

Good company and good food helped ease the soreness from running ten miles, until I had to get up. I had a good experience at Le Viet and will be back soon!
Flavorless food, mediocre service, and RUDE manager. 

Pseudo "upscale" atmosphere with big black leather chairs (Home Goods style) and big vases of long stemmed flowers on the center half-wall, dim lighting, etc.. But this place is NOT classy.

I ordered beef Pho and split some chicken wings appetizer that supposedly used the chefs private recipe....meh. A

My PHO arrived. It was flavorless and the noodles were cooked poorly. I love Pho and get it frequently from other area vietnamese joints. Needless to say, I was very disappointed. How hard is it to make good broth? The only seasoning on the table was sriracha sauce so it was difficult to fix up my broth on my own, especially because Le Viet skimped on the basil, bean sprout, and jalapeno sides. I sent it back but the waiter kept it on the bill, when I asked him to remove the Pho from the bill, he began to argue with me about it! I stopped and said "Are you arguing with me?" He went to get the manager, the manager took his time (10 minutes at LeasT) and then came over, came up to me, and asked what was the problem was....and proceeded to argue with me and tell me Le Viet was not one of those restaurants where you can send something back. WTF? So he scolded me, argued with me, and generally insulted me meanwhile holding a corrected bill the entire time which he hastily left on the table. 

Restaurants should be thankful when someone sends something back because it is information to use in order to improve service, food quality, etc. 
Instead, Le Viet used the opportunity to alienate customers. Myself, my guest, and any other patrons who witnessed the exchanges. I also think that if I had been a man in a business suit or any adult male, he would not have acted so rudely.

Bet this place closes by next year.
Love this Place!
And that's coming from a straight up Vietnamese girl born in Saigon!  I've been here twice and each time was great.  Getting a reservation is easy and was seated right away.  The place is clean and classy.  Service is great and fast!  The food is delicious and authentic, good portions and very affordable.  It's definitely my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Philly!!  I will be back often!!
Hands down the best Vietnamese food in Philadelphia.  I live in NJ but went to college in Philly and had A LOT of oriental friends.  We must have tried every Vietnamese place in the city, especially in that area, and I can honestly say this is the best I've had so far.  Besides having the usual (pho, pork chops, etc.), they offer a lot of other dishes that you would be hard-pressed to find elsewhere.  I recommend the seafood fried rice (w/ lump crab meat...real crab meat ya'll!) or their pineapple salad if you're watching your weight.  Regardless, you really can't go wrong.

The service was also pretty good.  Maybe it's because they're all so young or that they're dressed in all black, I'm not sure, but our waiters/waitresses always seemed to be super fast.

I've also never been to a Vietnamese restaurant that nice before.  I wouldn't call it fancy but it is definitely a lot classier than the usual places that serve pho.  You may want to bring a date.  I did.  I'm not bragging, I'm just saying.
Fancy pho!!  Very clean and modern compared to the other popular Washington Ave spots. Pho was good, service is always great. Get on their text list for free stuff and specials.
It is true that the area of 11th and Washington does not have a shortage of Vietnamese restaurants.  Still, Le Viet is a welcome addition to the neighborhood-- the nearby places are great for take-out, Le Viet is the place to sit down and savor.

Our waiter started the meal by asking if we wanted to be adventurous, or not too adventurous.  We took half his recommendations, making for a semi-adventurous meal.  The spring rolls were fresh and snappy, with thick peanut sauce on the side.  The duck in a clay pot was also nice, chewy but still tender.  The highlight of the meal was the shaken spicy beef, perfectly cooked and served over watercress.

It's true Le Viet is a little more expensive than its southern neighbors, but you pay a few dollars more per plate for much more ambience, I'll definitely be back.
Two friends and I ventured over to Le Viet on a Friday night looking for a BYO that was not our usual Italian fare. 

From the outside, the building looks like a converted bank and inside the decor is oddly "posh" for this area of town - minimal and contemporary. 

We started with the Goi Ngo Sen (shredded lotus stalks with peanuts, pork and shrimp in a vinaigrette) simply because it contained lotus stalks, and we made the right choice. This dish was downright heavenly. Light and citrusy - I could have eaten pounds of it. 

Between the three of us at the table, we ordered a tofu/noodle dish, lemongrass chicken and the salmon. All three were exceptional and made me eager to come back and try the rest of the menu. We lingered over our meal and ordered dessert, which was the only disappointing part of the meal - in that it was merely adequate. 

Staff was polite and attentive. The restaurant was reasonably full for a Friday night, which I was happy to see. For sports fans - the bar on one side of the dining room had a couple large flat-screen tvs. We were able to keep an eye on the Phillies game from our table, but the tvs weren't a distracting presence.
So I'm pretty sure these guys were voted Best Vietnamese Restaurant in Philadelphia for a reason. Considering the many times I have frequented this place, I have never been disappointed. 

Allow me to elaborate:

Excellent decor and environment (certainly not a typical Asian restaurant)
Great knowledgeable staff
HUGE menu to select from
$5 lunch specials

I mean seriously, the list could go on. 

Appetizers:
Hn Xúc Bánh Đa  -- minced clam meat, beef served in a cute rice cracker
      break off a piece of the rice cracker and slather some of that minced goodness on
      
Entrees:
Ba Vi
     make your own mini Vietnamese burritos - vermicelli riced noodles, shrimp balls, pork and beef with grapeleaves

Caramelized Spare Ribs with quail eggs
     clay pot goodness with quaint quail eggs and spare rib tips in a sweet brown sauce (bowl of rice, bowl of awesome in-house chicken broth soup and you're good to go)

Drinks:
Iced Coffee like no other
Thai Tea

If you haven't been to this affordable Vietnamese destination restaurant, you need to go now.
So many great things to say about Le Viet.  I get major cravings for a few of my favorite dishes every so often:

- Curry chicken (a good amount of heat - yum, yum. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it and it is only 9:00 AM) 
- Crab fried rice (hearty chunks of crab meat topped w/ cilantro - hunger pains striking again)
- Crab vermicelli noodle soup in tomato sauce (my husband's favorite) 
- Sweet and sour soup (my favorite soup for winter ... i love anything w/ okra)
-Vietnamese iced coffee (when you need that extra pep in your step)

Always looking forward to my next visit...
Since my terrible experience at Le Viet, someone from the inside  personally emailed me on Yelp and told me that they had fired all the staff and manager, and told me to come back and give it another shot.

My boyfriend and I were craving the papaya salad, which I have had to boycott on principal, but since someone from the restaurant personally emailed me to tell me they had improved for the better I was willing to give them a second chance. We went over for the $5 lunch specials (11am-3pm), which are a fantastic deal!

Some items that are $5 during this time include popular vermicelli noodle bowls, house special pho and apps like the papaya salad. All of which 
usually cost a few bucks more than $5.

We got the papaya salad to split, I got the bún rieu and Drew got a grilled pork vermicelli.

Papaya salad- Le Viet's version is one of my favorites in Philly. It's got a lot in the mix, dried pork and chilis, so it's flavorful, unlike some papaya salads can be. They serve it with fresh shrimp chips as well, which are a tasty bonus.

Bún rieu, crab noodle soup, is another delicious Vietnamese soup, that is a must try for fans of pho who want to get a little more adventurous. It's a tomatoy-crab broth with crabmeat/pork meatballs and vermecelli noodles that's hearty and satisfying. The version here is pretty darn delicious. The version with tofu in it is great because the tofu used soaks up all the flavors of the soup. 

And of course, the vermicelli here is above average. 

I would say, in general, that you are going to get Vietnamese food prepared with fresher and better ingredients than if you ventured just a block across Washington. Now that they have improved the service, I can get back on board with Le Viet and you should too!
This restaurant was just excellent and well worth the short ride from the city center. On our arrival we were given a warm welcome by John who was also our main waiter.  He had a great personality, was charming and helped us order a spectacular meal!  A few things we really loved because of their bursting flavors were the pineapple salad, the minced clams, the short ribs and the vermicelli noodles.  
There were five of us so we were afforded the luxury of having multiple appetizers-John told us this was how The Vietnamese eat.  We still had five entrees as well one more delicious than the other.  This was not the typical Vietnamese restaurant with golden Buddhas and live octopus swimming around in your soup.  It was elegant and hip, a very nice dining room for what we considered to be a very inexpensive dinner coming to $141.00 for five entrees, five appetizers,three desserts, a few cocktails and two beers! 
 We also had two other servers, Ivy and Kevin who were equally as delightful as John offering us big smiles and family recipes!  A fantastic team of servers, delicious food and a very nice setting made Le Viet a most enjoyable dining experience in Philly
Well, this place is impressive! My previous experiences with Vietnamese restaurants fell into two categories. The first I didn't much care for - think take-out Chinese with vermicelli substituted for fried rice, fish sauce for soy sauce. Second just floored me. A fried egg over broken rice and a piece of pork quiche for brunch? Minimalism beats maximalism in my book 2-1. But I didn't think of Vietnamese as haute-cuisine. Maybe at a 'fusion' restaurant, but not on Washington Ave... Well...

The service was just super. We had a large hungry party and no reservations. The staff treated it like that type of stuff happens each and every day. Our waiter knew the menu inside and out. The timing of the courses was spot on. 

The presentation of the food is stunning. Clearly the kitchen puts some effort into the presentation and arrangement of the plate. Friends of mine who took multiple IPhone shots of their dishes grudgingly dug into their meals. 

Up until the first bite. The food sets the bar for what Vietnamese food is capable of. I had the lotus, pork & shrimp salad, which was so refreshing and so summer, I washed it down with salted lime soda. Just to, balance the palate, I guess.  And the food is unbelievably cheap - I wouldn't hold it against management to raise prices up a few bucks.

My only grudge is that it took the entire staff forever to divvy up the check. I'm not often in situations where multiple credit cards are used to pay a bill, and I think it's kind of a pain in general, but, when I am, l certainly don't want to wait at a table and kindly decline refills of water for a long time. Hopefully it was the working out of some end-run kinks. But, regardless, definitely a front-runner.
It took me a long time to get to Le Viet but it was worth the wait.  I had no excuse really, it was on my list of places to visit but it always got voted down.  From now on, it's getting voted up.

Upon walking in, you see a place that is really nicely designed, feels clean and looks way more upscale than the prices on the menu reflect.  Their menus include daily specials (with happy hour), a cocktail list and the regular menu.  I normally don't like menus with a ton of items but I'll make an exception based on how much I enjoy the food.  I really enjoyed Le Viet.

My bone in chicken in curry sauce served in a clay pot was really excellent.  The price was a very nice point about it but the flavors really did it for me.  The curry was thick, tangy and had the smallest touch of heat.  I told them that I liked spicy food and they brought me a small bowl of thai bird chilis.  These things were like mini nuclear warheads. Just dropping a few slices of chilis in my dish and mixing them around was all it needed for my preferred heat level.  As far as cook wise, chicken falling off the bone is hard to argue with and the potatoes were coated in that awesome curry.  Total win.

I now know what I've been missing with Le Viet and I'll be back.  I think it stands above most of the other places surrounding it on service and food presentation.
Came for lunch. Broken rice with grilled pork was pretty good and so were the fried spring rolls! Service was reasonable too. My company liked the lunch special too. Bahn Mi left something to be desired ("it's no Fu Wa."), and the portions of the rice vermicelli were intimidating. Really reasonably priced though. Worth coming back to.
I've been here a few times and here are my thoughts:

- this is definitely the best looking Vietnamese spot on Washington avenue.  Very clean, good service, has a well stocked bar, televisions that play sports, and it actually takes reservations on open table.  
- the pop wings are good. Fried and packed with flavor and comes with 6 pieces of wings, watercress, and onions.
- the pho is a disappointing. I wouldn't order it here.
- ordered the vermicelli bowl that comes with pork, shrimp, and a spring roll.  The dish was filling.  Felt that the noodles were a little too raw/hard. I wish there was a little more meat for the price.

Overall, you're paying a premium compared to the other Vietnamese restaurants for the ambiance and service, while the actual meal is on par with my others.
At least a solid three.  The place is really petty.  The pho is also really good, but at the same time, it's hard to find bad pho.  So why a 3 only?  I think they have bizarre policies.  For lunch special, its cash only.  So for $5 for a pho?  It's a pretty sweet deal  BUT, no doggie bags?  I have never been to a place that won't let you box stuff up unless it's a buffet. Actually, have even been to buffets that let you box stuff depending on what's left on your plate (i.e. if there's only a tiny bit left).  Anyway, I did not have cash so MF got the pho.  I asked the waiter if MF can get pho in cash and I'll get appetizers with my card and he said no. So he pretty mch said no to spitting a check.  

Would I go there again?  Possibly, but there are other places that are better.  The architecture may not be as nice, but the pho  will be as good if not, better AND the restaurant policies would make more sense.
I've grown up eating tons of Vietnamese food, so trust me when I say that Le Viet is exactly what a modern Vietnamese restaurant should be. The food is authentic and delicious, accessible to people who might have never tasted Vietnamese food but also good enough for born and raised Vietnamese folks. I've been here with my parents, aunts, and uncles, and it's gotten all of their seals of approval.

Everything here hits the mark. The vermicelli noodle bowls, rice dishes, many different soups, and other classic dishes are all spot on. The pho might not be the best in town, but with such a big menu and for the price it's quite good. The fried basa filet in sweet and sour sauce is consistently crispy and delicious, fried perfectly so it's never oily. 

My favorite is the deep fried tofu (dau hu rang muoi). I'm absolutely a meat guy (there's nothing better than a thick, medium rare ribeye), so when I rave about tofu you know it's the real deal. Chunks of tofu are deep fried until perfectly crispy, topped with fragrant fried onions, garlic, and peppers, and dipped in a delicious sweet chili sauce. I can feel my stomach rumbling just thinking about it.

If you're looking for a reliable Vietnamese meal or to introduce someone to Vietnamese food, this is your place. The place is cleaner than most other Vietnamese restaurants I've been, prices are on par with other local places, and the service is impeccable. 4.5 stars for food, bumped up for nailing everything else too.

P.S. Try the $6 cash only lunch menu. So worth it!
I've never given a really bad review to any restaurant before, but I feel this place deserves it. I ordered a very basic item, the deluxe pho soup that contains a variety of cuts of meat, tripe, and meatballs. I've ordered this from many of the area pho restaurants and always enjoyed my noodle bowl experiences... until now. 

This pho soup HAS NO SOUL!!! By that, I mean the soup is really, really bland. It's basically chicken stock with no beef flavor. Usually, each restaurant flavors the soup with its own blend of spices. This one seemed to forgot to do that. The meat they use is good, don't get me wrong. The eye round steak is a little too overcooked for my liking, but the fatty meats are all very tender and quite edible. The meatballs (three halves) tasted of mostly blenderized eye round. The tripe was scant as it should be. There were onions aplenty in the soup. I like that. One place across the street charges $1 for onions. Other pho places just include onions in their soup. The accompaniment plate had scarce amounts of lime, peppers, basil leaves, but that's forgivable. What isn't forgivable is the soup... and the noodles... the noodles were the worst pho soup noodles I've ever tasted! Okay,why does every other pho place use rice noodles that are long and chewy and Le Viet uses this cheap kind of flat rice noodle that isn't chewy? I once had some instant vietnamese noodles that had this same kind of cheap flat rice noodle in it! I give the place big kudos for decor. Lovely bamboo trees decorate the doorways. A sleek, modern black interior sets the perfect mood for a date with a lovely Asian girl. It certainly caters to an American crowd that will pay for decor over taste. If you want better pho, go across the street to Pho Hoa, Nam Phuong, or down the street to Nam Son or down the road to Pho Saigon. Even Pho 75, the "Burger King" of pho restaurants, is much better and so is Viet Cong Cafe.
After passing this place since it opened years ago I finally decided to go and try it with my family. As other reviewers have mentioned the interior is definitely more modern and upscale looking than other Vietnamese restaurants along Washington Avenue. We went there  around 2pm on a Saturday and there were only about 3 tables filled. There was only 1 worker serving the tables. He was really friendly, helpful, and efficient. 
My husband ordered grilled pork with broken rice, and my daughter ordered grilled pork with vermicelli (they said it was good, and pretty much the same as other Vietnamese restaurants), and I ordered claypot pork slices with caramelized onions in a traditional sauce. The clay pot dish was kind of small, and pretty salty. If it had less salt it would have tasted pretty awesome. We also ordered seasonal stir fried vegetables which was disappointing. Their seasonal veggies included bok choy, broccoli, carrots slices, mushrooms, and celery (I think). It definitely was not stir fried, rather, it was in a cornstarch sauce and the veggies were not crispy at all, and very salty. We also shared  banh xeo (crispy crepe filled with veggies and shrimp), and this was delicious. 
If this review was based on the food we ate only I would give it a 3 star, but the server deserves a star! Maybe I should try other entrees here, but most likely I will stick to other Vietnamese restaurants I have been frequenting for years.
If you love Vietnamese food, you're going to love this place. Unlike your typical loud and tacky pho-noodle houses, this restaurant is where modern, fun, class and tradition all meets. It's modern and sleek interior is a great place for dates. You get the same ol' traditional stuff that you would get a typical restaurant; however, it's served to you that more appealing to the eye, garnished with sculpted butterflies out of carrots and what-nots. If you're going for the pho, it's a little different than the pho you're normally used to, it's Hanoi style which means they use a lot more lemongrass. I'm not sure if they still have it but during lunchtime, from 11am to 3pm, weekdays you can catch they $5 lunch menu specials.
Philadelphia's Vietnamese are serious about business. They are putting up buildings on and near Washington Avenue faster than you can feast on a food truck taco. Le Viet is a new, unique addition to the eclectic stew as it is a modern Asian restaurant with a young, largely American born group of Asian servers. No backlit egg crate awnings here; no "yes, it is vegetarian -- it come with fish sauce." This is high-design and vegetarian-friendly for a change. The exterior and interior decor is lovely, especially the stonework on the south wall. The restaurant has a large, airy dining area and a bar with games playing on the TVs.

Prices are very reasonable. In fact, if you get a vegetarian entree you might pay no more than $9. There are plenty of meat and seafood dishes and vegetarian options, including modifications of the former types of dishes to suit the herbivores. And the plates are substantial; you won't leave this place feeling hungry. Try the tofu with lemograss, the papaya salad, or one of the plethora of meat and seafood dishes offered at Le Viet. Bring a date or come here as a group and share all the flavors.
I've probably noticed this place about 50 times driving past it on Washington before I actually tried it out. The exterior is gorgeous with these giant glass doors, which, ironically, kept me away for so long since it looked like it was gonna be really expensive. I didn't wanna walk in only to walk out shamefaced or eat a dinner I couldn't afford.

I'm happy to say that this place is pretty reasonably priced. Don't let the decor intimidate you! We got pop's wings and I got salted squid/calamari (muc rang muoi). The pop's wings were really flavorful and a great (and cheaper) alternative to Cafe Soho's. The squid was a bit too salty, even with plain white rice. On average, the appetizers are like $7 and the entrees about $14. Also, they'll fill you up pretty well. Not unbutton-your-pants full, but more grunting-while-you-get-up full.
I live in the neighborhood and I was very excited to see a new restaurant coming into this previously dilapidated and empty space. Then, I found out it was a Viet Namese place ... Now, don't get me wrong - I LOVE Viet Namese food, but you can't swing a cat in this neighborhood without hitting a VietNamese restaurant - and good ones at that! 

As the other reviewer said - the official opening day is set for April 12th and the analogy of this being "like a Banana Republic dropped on a flea market" is completely correct. Le Viet is SLICK inside - gorgeous, in fact, if dark wood, dim lighting, and clean lines are your thing. 

I also agree with the other reviewer that the food was OK, we ordered some pretty standard fare (vermicelli, grilled, pork, etc.) and also a chicken cooked in a clay pot. The clay pot dish was outstanding and really exceptional - everything else - more or less the same. However, Le Viet has its neighbors beat by miles if fancy presentation and square plates are appealing to you. Everything was really pretty and fancy and fun. I had a good time and the service was really trying - with some misses, however. For instance, we tried to order some VietNamese sodas that we order regularly at Nam Phuong and the waiter seemed to be quite confused. We ended up with some pretty awful  and inaccurate drinks, but we were not charged. 

When the liquor license kicks in - I could see this place as having a lively bar scene. How cool would it be to get a good cocktail, some good Viet Namese food, and be in a "nightlife-type" atmosphere? I think pretty cool. This will be my special occasion VietNamese place.
My wife and I are regulars at Vietnam in Chinatown and West Philly and always will be. But this new spot off Washington Avenue has made us a little disloyal. 

Le Viet has a different menu than the typical Vietnamese menu but that was OK because the manager talked us through the various items on the menu until we both found something that we both would enjoy. So while the wife was chomping down on some beef lettuce wraps, happy humming while enjoying the robust flavors, I was sweating over a bowl of seafood pho that romanticized my taste buds. 

If you read this and like Vietnamese feed, you gotta go here.
While this is a more upscale version of nam phuong, you're not sacrificing quality. Whatever you do, get their fried rice. Your life will be changed for the better; I guarantee it. Their summer rolls are always great, and they always make them without pork for me. Everyone loves their beef and pork dishes as well. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu it seems. They have a full bar with several options for Asian beers, and everything is still reasonably priced!
Go for happy hour from 5-7. There have great beer/wine/cocktail specials and the appetizers are great. We had the Le Viet sliders (pork), Cha Gio (spring rolls), Pops wings and the appetizer size Pho. You can only choose beef or chicken for the appetizer Pho but for $5, I didn't care. The service was fast and friendly and drinks were strong. I have been here for dinner with friends on another occasion and the service was also great but I can't really comment on the food because I was sick. 

The decor is very clean and contemporary and could use some better lighting. It was pretty dark in there at 5pm. But...the music selection was great. 

I know you can get better Pho for sure else where but I can't recommend the appetizers for happy hour enough. After 2 drinks each and tons of food, the bill for 2 of us was $18 per person. I'll be going back.
There are tons of Vietnamese options on near Washington Avenue, but Le Viet is kind of in a category of its own.  It's upscale, clean, and has an awesome cocktail menu.  It's been about 10 years since I've been to Vietnam, but the food seemed rather authentic based on my travel experience.  We were able to grab a table here the other night right away and our server was very efficient.  He let me know exactly what I could and couldn't have from the menu because of my allergies and then he gave us a good idea about the spice level for each dish.  I went with a very standard chicken and vegetable medley, but I definitely enjoyed it.  My significant other had a wonderful smelling curry hot pot that he finished off with thai chilis (no worries, he lived to tell the tale).  The drinks did take a little long to get to our table, but they were decent, so I think they were worth the wait.
Very disappointing. The food was not flavorful at all. The only saving grace was that the decor was very modern and sleek. It is a nice change from the typical hole in the wall style of other Vietnamese restaurants in the area.

If you are trying to introduce someone who is new to Vietnamese cuisine and that person is not your most adventurous eater, Le Viet is a good choice. Otherwise, go to any other place on Washington and you'll have better food and more money in your wallet.
The best, fantastic! Everything we ordered was delicious and they've a full bar with reasonably priced drinks and happy hour until 7!!!!! My friend had the Razzle Mishazzel (she invented the cocktail I invented the name) it had raspberry vodka, Pom, simple syrup, fresh lime juice and a shot of soda on the rocks. I'd the Pinot noir - lovely and light for a red. 

The staff are nice, sweet, knowledgeable and professional! We loved them! 

We had two orders of summer rolls, she had the spicy seafood soup And I'd the bun with the works pasta on the side; it was all fantastic! Go there! Full bar! Need I say more?
i love this place for a casual affordable dinner.  The prices and quality can't be beat
they use very fresh and high quality ingredients and the presentation is very nice
we love their soft shell crabs and also all the soups and noodle bowls

i'm not a fan of spicy but the bf can handle major heat and this is one of the only places in town that can deliver super spicy food (if you ask for it).  so for spicy food lovers this place would be great.  they even do a special night every halloween (hell night) with super spicy food.  we go every year if we can 

The decor and is great extremely clean and modern.  very nice staff
First off, atmosphere here is amazing. The restaurant is clean and there's a window where you could see into the kitchen and watch the kitchen staff making your food. The chef here... I want him to cook for every event I go to lol. Seriously. I've been here twice now and let me tell you their food is legit. Everything I have had has been delicious.
If you love Vietnamese food and hip trendy city vibe, this place is perfect. Perfect for date night or going out with the girls.  It would be an inexpensive night out too since the price is very reasonable!  

They also have $5 pho during lunch which is pretty awesome!  You know the price of pho use to be this low but it keeps creeping up like crazy and now they're 8-10 bucks!  Oh my! 

Anyways, I'm so excited to be coming here for paint nite for girls night!  Nothing  better than a nice drink, great vibe, and some buzz painting.
South Philly, PA
Pho base soup is bland a tad bit and not much meat like other places, so is 2 star for me. Im picky on soup bases. Service was pretty cool even for take out. 5 star. Young asian professionals type of crowd for service, unlike other pho places where they don't speak much English or tend to be more tradition crowd serving you.  Atmosphere, pretty decent. 4.25 star. Will be back for pop wings (aka Korean bonchon chicken) one day; not bad for $6. Beef cubes with stir  fried onions look interesting for my beef craving days. This might be a nice a chit chat gathering place with the girls on weekdays cus it seems like a peaceful & chic atmosphere when I went. Privacy. LOL ;-) Never drove this way and never knew this spot was even here. Thanks Yelp! However, parking might be an issue. 

 Do they have banh mi and bubble tea or anything fruity drinks here?
I really enjoyed Le Viet.  Now, I have to admit, this was my first time eating Vietnamese food, but I would definitely try it again.  There were a lot of vegetarian options, which is nice, I'm usually stuck with one or two things.  I got a vermicelli bowl and I really enjoyed it.  Our waiter was a little weird.  Mind you, not bad, just sort of strange.  He kept pushing my friend to order a cocktail.  

My only complaint is that towards the end of the meal, I feel like they sort of forgot about us because it took forever to get our check.  But other than that, I was not disappointed.  I would return and I would recommend Le Viet to others.
I have eaten here 4 times. They used to have a great lunch special. Now they don't . The food is good. The restaurant is pretty. Why do I feel so disappointed . Seems I should like it more.
$5.95 for lunch specials... and they are all delicious. I know this is a Vietnamese restaurant and their Vietnamese food is awesome..... but my personal favorite is the beef chow fun. It is nothing like the beef chow fun at a chinese restaurant. The unique flavor is hard to describe - a little sweet, subtle, but flavorful... maybe oniony? It is a must try!! Also really love their rainbow ice dessert (che ba mau) but it is not always available :-(  I highly recommend this restaurant... it is one of my favorites and I always make time to go when I am in the area.  Have never been disappointed by the food and the service is great!!
We came here because Pho Ha was closed for renovations and we have now decided Le Viet is our go-to spot. It doesn't look like your typical Viet place - 'no sri racha and hoisin and gratuitous condiments on the table, no bright lightning, etc. The staff seems younger but very knowledgeable on the menu.

Plating is great, food is utterly delicious. I can't wait to go back.
All the dishes we ordered were very good. Speacially Beef chow fun. Staff was friendly and place was very clean. Thumbs up for the bathroom also very clean.
Ok so i always come here once a week.. then one day it was busy and when we got there they ask us do we have reservation and we said no we didnt kno u guys do that.. the person who was taking care of us looks very annoy with us but when the white people came in he treated them like they was royal. Ever since then i never went there.. they treat people there differently especially if your dark skin asain.. and im not trying to brag but i get more money than the white folks and im a good tipper. So why cant i get treated royal?
Great lunch spot. We tend to come on Sundays and have always had a great meal and great service. Their lunch menu specials are $6 each!! I mean, really can't beat that!! 

My go to here is the Bun vermicelli bowl. I've gotten it with beef and also crispy tofu. Both are GREAT options. It comes with a spring roll as well, which is super crispy and delicious. 

The servers are great. Very helpful when you have questions. They're also super accommodating with large groups. They'll also give you jasmine tea with your meal. With the weather being below freezing these days that was a VERY welcome addition to our meal.
Given we're still in a pandemic for the restaurant industry, this neighborhood spot was slammed with takeout orders when we stopped in for dinner. The restaurant itself had a healthy crowd of people on a Monday and we felt bad for the limited wait staff of two. I had the bun bo hue and we also got the pho dac biet. We did have a bit of a wait but the food was really quite good and I would recommend trying it out.
I only go here because it's cheap (compared to American restaurants) and the decor is nice, so it's good to bring your friends here for a bday dinner, ect. There's also a bar completed with a flat screen tv. I would never go for authentic or even decent Vietnamese food. 

The ca kho was weak, didn't even taste the fish sauce. HELLOOOO it's ca kho!

The mi quang my parents tried were not even close to how it should be. Even the waitress told us it's not authentic, she tried to suggest that to the restaurant owner but was ignored. 

Being Vietnamese, I'm very disappointed. I gave it one star for the nice decor. BLAH
Finally got to visit here for the FIVE DOLLAR LUNCH SPECIAL. Yup, $5. Technically $4.95 I think, but whatever. Fantastic deal.

The food was good, and the decor was super nice. I had a vegetarian noodle bowl and a salty limeade, and the limeade came in a v. cute mason jar situation. I love salted lemonade/limeade, so it was a nice treat.

Especially in warm weather, nothing like limeade + noodle bowl for a really nice lunch. Excited to come for dinner! Prices seemed very reasonable.
The service is exceptional even with kids throwing rice on the floor! The food is modern viet food. I had the chicken sliders (reminded me of peking duck sliders), the sizzling fried scallion and ginger shrimp  and the iced viet coffee. All very good and my bf had the short rib in clay pot which was very traditional and good!  

I like dripped viet coffee at the table versus someone just handing me a pre-dripped coffee.  I won't order the coffee again but will def re-visit this spot.

FYI.. 20% higher prices then other Viet restaurants but a very large expansive menu and nice clean restaurant.
This here used to be one of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants. The last visit however, really disappointed me. The food for the most part, is still on par. The pho broth however, was much lighter than usual. My biggest complaint here is the service. Granted we came around an hour before close time so maybe most of the waiters were tired. It is hard to defend them however, when I am asking for everything, item by item all the times. Our pho came out and we only had a spoon, no chopsticks or even forks. There was also no condiments. I asked for condiments and the guy did not seem to understand so another waitress took over and got our condiments. The chopsticks and other utensils were still not present. Three waiters/waitresses were just hanging out near the open kitchen, I tried to get their attention many times but was ignored. When one finally came over and I asked for chopsticks, she looked annoyed like our table kept running them. Sorry but that is not acceptable. To make matters worst, this was my friend's 21st birthday and I really hyped up this place. Hopefully this will change.
Of all the Viet places I've been to in Philly (just a few more than a handful), Le Viet is clearly the nicest looking.  The decor is chic and updated.  There's a bar, as well.  The servers are definitely friendly, helpful and thoughtful.  

The food is alright by me, if anything a little heavy on the salt.  I've been there two or three times, and each time the food is better than most other places I've been to (including Nam Phuong).  I'm a big fan of their summer rolls, lettuce wrap dishes, and soups (even the pho).  

You should definitely visit Le Viet, and feel free to take a date there if they're into that cuisine.
Food is OK. Different kind of decor. There are some better options in the neighborhood for Vietnamese for less money.
Came here to check out their happy hour yesterday, and left as a new fan -- I'll definitely be back -- not only for their happy hour but I'm definitely coming back for dinner.

Happy hour -- great. $3 stella , heneiken and Yuengling. $5 cocktails. My opinion? Go for the cocktails. They're well make, shaken and stirred ( not just pouring vodka and cranberry and  handing it over to you, if you know what I mean). I had a Long Island & my first Tigers eye -- I loved both of them. I like my drinks on the stronger side -- and it definitely wasn't shy of that. It was just sweet enough, to help with the kick. I really liked their drinks -- I would come back just for that. 
Also -- the server was really nice -- he asked to make sure the drinks were okay because I hadn't drank much. But the drinks were GREAT -- I just couldn't stop blabbing with my partner, good company ya know? 
_ Happy hour food was great! I had the chicken pho, calamari, pop wings , fried tofu and summer rolls without pork, I liked every single dish. The chicken pho had such a nice, flavorful broth -- dare I say almost challenges the one in Kensington?! It's quite good though, so much I wanted to order a full size one.
The fried calamari and tofu were so well seasoned, nicely battered and generous portion given the price. 
The pop wings are no joke -- perfectly fried, crispy, not soggy, great sauce and nice juicy interior.

The interior is gorgeous -- way better than any of the other places in the plaza on 6th or 12th and Washington, but the prices are still really reasonable. Mostly around $7..95 for some Pho/Broken rice dishes and upwards of $14ish for some of the shared clay pots or soups they have. Like I said.. I'll definitely be back to try.
I am really impressed.  The interior of the restaurant is gorgeous, staff is friendly and responsive, the food is fresh and delicious, portions are large, and prices are low.  Seriously, what more could you want?

I ordered the crab, quail egg, and asparagus soup, as well as a clay pot of chicken, potatoes, and carrots in a coconut curry broth with rice to accompany.  Holy schnikes.  They didn't skimp on any ingredients and the flavors were amazing.

My friend had the shrimp summer roll and another clay pot meal with beef, shrimp, and quail eggs.  His entree was not to my taste, but he loved it, and the summer rolls were gigantic and beautiful.

This was one of the best meals I've had in a while, and the tab came to a whopping $34.  Icing on the cake!

It may be slightly dangerous that this is around the corner from me.
I've also grown up in a Vietnamese household, and I was excited to try this new restaurant after reading all the reviews below from our fellow yelpers.

The atmosphere and presentation of this place deserves 5 stars.  This place looks indeed very nice, and so different from our regular vietnamese restaurants, which have more of a diner style.  Le Viet looks very fancy, and the service was very good.

I came in with 2 friends.  We ordered 2 appetizers, the eggrolls and the quails roti with watercress.  We also ordered some bubble drinks, one taro bubble, and 2 coffee bubbles.  The appetizers were delicious, and I was excited to see how our entrees would taste.  

The drinks didn't hit a very high note.  The coffee didn't seem like the vietnamese coffee I am so used to, it seems like they used regular american coffee, and I'm not so sure they used condensed milk.  Seems like they used regular creamer.  The taro drink tasted somewhat powdery.  The bubbles though tasted fine.

We ordered one Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio (rice vermicelli with grilled pork and egg rolls), which tasted good, but the egg rolls were a little soggy, they should have thrown it in there just before serving it to us, instead of letting it sit there.  We also ordered one Bun Rieu, which is the noodle soup with crab, shrimps and tomatoes.  It looked delicious, but when I tasted it, the broth was very meh.  It needed a little more kick, and also more salt.  My friend ordered a Bun Mang Vit, which is the Duck and Bamboo Soup, it came out as a soup with duck, and a separate plate with more duck to eat on the side.  She really liked the idea, and loved the duck, but her broth also tasted bland.  

We were somewhat disappointed, and did not feel like ordering dessert anymore.

All in all, the presentation of the dishes and the restaurant in itself is very fancy.  The taste of the food was rather a-ok.  If the cook worked a little more on the taste of the dishes, I think it would be a repeat.  For now, 3 stars is the best I could give them.
Beautiful décor and a varied menu. Le Viet is definitely one of the more attractive pho spots Philadelphia has to offer. If you are looking for something other than soup, they have lots of options. The service is prompt and polite and it's a great location for large groups. 

The food is very fresh and prepared well. The pho isn't the absolute best is Philly but it will satisfy any cravings and leave you quite full. It's nice to enjoy a steaming bowl of Pho Tai in a restaurant that isn't a dingy Chinatown hole in the wall. A for ambiance.
La Viet does not look like a typical Vietnamese restaurant. The décor and building are trendy and stylish.  It has almost a lounge type feel to it. The service here was excellent, they were attentive, friendly and helpful.

We had several appetizers, the fried Spring rolls, Crispy crepe filled with pork, shrimp, bean sprouts, and green onion, La Viet sliders and the Pop's Chicken wings. The standouts here were Chicken Wings and Spring Rolls. Those two appetizers had a lot of great flavors and were just delicious.

For the main course we had Chef signature sautéed cellophane noodles and seasonal vegetable, served with your choice of Seafood, Beef, Chicken or Tofu and the Braised Basa filets with onions caramelized in traditional sauce Clay Pot. Both dishes were good but not as outstanding as the two appetizers mentioned above. For dessert we had Vanilla ice cream with fried banana, topped with coconut cream, toasted coconut, and peanuts. This was very good and not too sweet or heavy.

We will be back to La Viet. The quality, atmosphere and food make this a restaurant worth visiting. They have a full bar, a decent beer list and lunch and happy hour specials.
I wanted to tried this restaurant for quite a while because I wanted the Vietnamese crab noodles soup and not too many places offer it yet it didn't disappoint me in here!
Bún riêu cua is served with tomato broth and topped with freshwater crab. A very popular option among younger Vietnamese people.
I also had the Bánh xèo which is the Vietnamese pancake/omelette with crispy wrapping and inside there are some bean sprouts,shrimps,pork and other vegetables.
The interior of the restaurant is very clean and they also have alcohol service if you want.
Servers are polite and can speak proper English, unlike some restaurants in the Viet town.
The price is average but the restaurant looks fancy,
and the proportion of the food is very generous.
Le Viet stands out among the other Vietnamese restaurants in the area; instead of a mom-and-pop, been-here-for-years feel, its decor is stylish and upbeat. I got the spicy chicken wings that definitely delivered in the spicy department. The beef stir-fry was delicious. Although I should probably try the other, more traditional restaurants across the street, I'll probably come here again.
Went here for dinner and drinks with a friend before our paint nite started. The food was great as were the drinks! We went during happy hour so the prices were extremely reasonable.

The bartender was so friendly and offered a lot of advice on drinks. Definitely plan to go back! 

We had the spring rolls, chicken pork and beef sliders and their wings. Absolutely LOVED the sliders and their wings were amazing... Im craving them right now.
A group of friends went here the other night. This was my second visit. Both experiences were very good. I am definitely a fan. I have tried a few different things on their menu and everything was really good and flavorful.
The service is attentive and sweet.
I had their lime mojito it was a little sweet for my taste. Overall great value and food in a lovely space.
Do it up big when you come here.  Come with a group and order a variety.

We ordered (look up on their menu for descriptions):
http://www.levietrestaurant.com/menus.html

#1 - Cha Gio - good but I can't tell #1 from #2 so i'm not going to comment.  the wrapper was different but I don't know which was what
#2 - Cha Gio Re - good but I can't tell #1 from #2 so i'm not going to comment.  the wrapper was different but I don't know which was what
#6 - Pop's Wings- really good wings. If you are in the area and craving wings i would def pick an order up.
#12 - Xuon Nuong (Ribs) - nice meaty bone in ribblets. 
#28 - Bun Bo Nuong Cha Gio - very good. standard vermicelli dish with toppings.
#30 - Bun Dac Biet - very good. standard vermicelli dish with toppings.
#44 - Com Chien Tom Cua - OUTSTANDING fried rice with jumbo lump crab and tiger shrimp.  This was full of shrimp and crab its unreal.  Amazing.

we ordered take out for night in.  service was friendly and prompt. it's very nice decor on the inside.

I would order everything again.... maybe just one of the vermicelli dishes and I *believe* I liked #1 over #2 (better wrapper). But I need to go back to make sure. 
#1 was a normal spring roll like wrapper and I believe #2 was a stringy fried wrapper... which I wasn't as into as I was #1.
While this place definitely gets stars for the ambiance because it is so often overlooked in Asian restaurants, the food doesn't particularly make up for it. When I think of Vietnamese food, I think of being able to get a great bowl of pho; the soups here are not authentic tasting at all. 

However, they do have great rice dishes. The seafood here is done well. The fried fish is delicious and a family favorite when we come here. They definitely get stars for accommodating our extended family get-togethers.
My new favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Philly. The food is just so good and fresh. Appetizer pho? Yes, please!!! Definitely a step up in quality from nam phoeng without a noticeable diff in price. I'll be back for sure .
The atmosphere of this place is fantastic. Very fancy inside, but it feels so weird to be eating casual food in such a nice restaurant. I got deluxe pho and my friend got a beef rice dish. Their food is very nicely prepared, but the taste is alright. the beef for the rice was very nicely marinated though. But my beef in my soup was alright. Definitely had better.

Other vietnamese restaurants have more bang for your buck. Maybe it's me getting used to eating casual food at casual restaurants. I probably won't be back because I know better pho places.
One of the fanciest and trendiest Vietnamese restaurant I'v ever seen! Unless you see the name, you would think it's an non-Asian expensive restaurant, but once you look at the menu, you'd be surprised at the friendly prices of the food ($5~$10)! The food is a bit Americanized, but it's still a very nice and affordable place for a meal.
If you are tired of all the bare bones Vietnamese eateries around South Philly with their tasty food but nonexistent service and décor, you need to eat here! Le Viet may not serve the best pho you have ever tasted, but there are plenty of reasons to visit this classy little gem.  While not pricey, instead of the standard drop popcorn ceilings and neon signs, Le Viet has a an actual proper dining room, sleek and minimalist, with glass tile walls, dark paneling, and black upholstered booths.  Also, in lieu of the usual brusque "set it and forget it" service, Le Viet has opted for attentive, hip, young waiters who--aside from their friendliness and skills--seem to have been hired for their ability to look extremely cool in horn-rimmed glasses. 

The food is good here. The rice plates and pho are comparable to what you would get at similar eateries around 11th street, and that is a good thing.  Some items that stand out are the Hen Xuc Banh Da  appetizer--baby clams, ground beef and peanuts served in a sesame rice cracker--my boyfriend and I fight over the last few bites--and the Pop's wings, incredibly tasty and crispy wings that are about 1,000 times better than wings other places (except Sammy Chon's!) 

They also do a happy hour at the bar during the week with drink and food specials, although their regular menu is very reasonably priced as well.
