The first taste of scrippelle soup overwhelmed me with great emotion. 

You see, six years ago, my mother passed away. As you might imagine, it was quite possibly the darkest time in my life. To boot, my Nonna also moved back to Abruzzo. She lived with us and helped to raise me. I felt like I lost two parents in the same year.

For the purpose of this review, I will simply state that I'm destined to never again eat as well as I did in my youth -- but please recognize that, in reality, this is among the more trivial of my concerns.

So, here I was, sitting in this adorable trattoria, not far from where I grew up, excited by the promise of the typical fare from days gone by: arosticini, scippelle, arancini, maccheroncini alla chitarra, and so on. Le Virtu did not disappoint on any front.

I thoroughly enjoyed everything I sampled and found it all to be completely authentic, from the complimentary fried dough to the Montepulciano to the chef barking orders in Italian. However, nothing could ever top that initial spoonful of soup and the memories it brought with it.

The scrippelle soup tasted exactly like Nonna used to make. As absurd as it may sound to you, it was a connection to my Abruzzese family and, in that one fleeting instant, everything felt like it was back to normal again.
Le Virtu may be my favorite Italian in the city. I regularly crave the maccheroni alla mugnaia, a single strand of perfectly al dente pasta tossed in olive oil, garlic, hot peppers and pecorino. It's simple and perfect all at the same time. A basket of dried peppers is served alongside in case you want to add an extra kick. 

On my last visit we had the peasant meatballs (palott cac' e ove), which don't involve meat at all. They consisted of egg and cheese and were served in a delicious red sauce. They were some of the best meatballs I've ever had, and I didn't even miss the meat. You also can't go wrong with the burrata or salumi offerings, or any of the pastas. 

Earlier in the summer we had a granita dessert that was absolutely fabulous. There were four flavors and two were wine-based. Every flavor popped and it was a wonderfully light treat. 

Another thing I love about Le Virtu is that even when you don't snag a table, the bar is a great place to enjoy dinner or even just some drinks. Their bartenders are lovely and always fun to chat with - and there's usually someone you already know sitting at the bar, anyway. What a gem in South Philly.
I'll bend over backwards to keep my restaurant options open as pandemic fatigue has clearly set it. Never a fan of outdoor dining, I have made some accomodations as in, that's me sitting in some hastily constructed patio flop sweating into my Ceasar Salad. 

One thing I will not do however, is languish in the middle of the street on folding chairs inches from vehicular traffic and a steady stream of oblivious pedestrians while $50 pp flows out of my wallet. 

Welcome to Passyunk Avenue in Philadelphia, the current home of on-trend asphalt dining. Definitely, not my scene - except, for a hidden gem called Le Virtu. Spectacular Italian is to be had on a cloistered patio that could have easily been shipped in from Tuscany. 

We did a price fixe for four that while not inexpensive summoned no complaints and left everything extremely satisfied. Considering cost, the service was professional, knowledgeable and warmly accomodating as dinner easily drifted past the two hour mark.

My Salad DiMare and plate of Taccozzelle sauteed in truffles and homemade sausage was exquisite. The humidity caused a slight deviation to beer over the suggested wine pairings. A decision not regretted in the least.

Le Virtu, a beautiful end of Summer dining idyll in the middle of Philadelphia's asphalt jungle. Five stars with pleasure.
This was not the restaurant to visit with out-of-town family for a celebratory occasion. I'll start off with the disclaimer that I was, indeed, agitated throughout my entire meal. Dining here was an incredibly frustrating experience.

I received a call in the middle of birthday-brunch earlier in the day from Le Virtu requesting I confirm my reservation. Once home, I called back and was asked if I'd like to sit inside or outside. I teetered -- knowing that I enjoy sitting outside but that my family often likes being indoors. I said inside.

Upon arriving to the restaurant, we found an entirely empty and dark indoor area, and a bright, lovely, covered al fresco dining area. I asked if it was possible to switch to outdoors, and was briskly told that they were booked, which was a bummer start. I wish that when I was on the phone earlier in the day, it had been specified that they have a great outdoor area and that we would've enjoyed sitting there. Especially since I wrote that it was a birthday dinner and a first visit!

It also would have been great if the hostess had read my reservation to see that I requested a "light" area, since I didn't notice the secondary room near the kitchen until later on. She had pointed at four tables in the darker area and told us to pick which one we liked. My family wanted the back corner, but as soon as I sat down, I felt the AC whipping away and asked to move.

Okay. So we're up to our meal now. I've seen the establishment responses here defending the food to the folks who give poor reviews. I've seen the recent reply citing Wikipedia to explain why the pasta has a crunch to it. But here's the thing. Italian food is generally wonderful, and as someone who has a very strong Italian heritage and has been to many regions of Italy, I just can't say that Le Virtu's offerings were anything outstanding. This is, obviously, strictly my opinion.

Abruzzo came into play when my mom asked about the wine list. She only really likes very sweet wines. Their wine list obviously does not lean that way, but the server instantly seemed to defend Abruzzo when she asked. I tried to steer her to a cocktail, but fortunately they were able to find a moscato for her.

I ordered the burrata to start and my mom ordered the risotto balls. She enjoyed the risotto; the burrata was okay but not worth the $14 price tag to me (okay, I know it's from Puglia, but that doesn't mean it was worth it).

For our mains, my grandmom chose the trout and loved it. My mom chose the maccheroni alla mugnaia and, as much as she loves pasta, left half her plate. I tried it too and thought it needed to be cooked just a tad longer (but again, I've read the reply of why it tastes that way so no need to explain it to me).

I had read great things about the porchetta so I ordered that. I love pork belly and have had it at many other establishments. By the end of my meal, I had taken two bites of it and my grandmom took a bite. This was mostly just fat (as expected) but not in a good, flavorful way.

At the end, as I was boxing up my entire meal, the server asked how everything was, and I replied with: "I've had better," to which he raised an eyebrow, said "okay," and walked away. Clearly I offended him, but frankly, this was a milestone birthday, this place nearly ruined it, and he could've at least faked an apology or asked why. But hey, I guess food from Abruzzo can do no wrong.

After this purse-breaking experience, I walked down the street and had an excellent burger for dinner.

--

Update 5/25 after reading owner's comments:

I knew Francis would reply to me since he snaps back on every poor review, but I didn't think he'd blatantly make things up. Calling the hostess "dude"? Really, now? I don't even use the word "dude" in my vocabulary. Using a curse word all throughout dinner in front of my conservative grandmother who I don't even say "crap" in front of, knowing that she hates that word? Please.

I specified that I was agitated, because, yes, Francis, your horrific establishment caused me to be upset. But I never made any sort of scene during my time there, and if you were so disgusted by my table and all the apparent "cursing," perhaps you should've said something to me in person. You had the perfect opportunity when I told the server that I didn't like my meal.

In the future, you should really stop snapping back on people when they write their opinions. It's unprofessional. And how about you try thanking the people that enjoy your food instead? I think that might work better for you.

--

Update 5/26:

Last update. This is absurd. I received seven emails over the course of the night yesterday letting me know that Francis had updated his review comment. In one of them, he was "in much despair." Since he had also privately messaged me, I sent him a long message back trying to again detail why I was so upset by my meal. He flipped out. I've reached my word limit now. NEVER AGAIN, LE VITRU. Holy crap.
This is probably my favourite Italian place in Philly, close call between this spot and Osteria. Come here for the pasta, it is out of this world.

I had a friend visiting recently and she requested a good authentic Italian meal. We made a late reservation here for a Friday night, but after stuffing ourselves with a charcuterie board at my house neither of us was super hungry by the time we got here. She went with the sheep's milk ricotta app and I got the handkerchief pasta with saffron, black truffle, and abruzze sausage. I thought dirty, dirty thoughts about that pasta the rest of the weekend. It was everything I wanted it to be- savory, earthy, perfectly al dente handmade pasta. I paired it with a glass of the Illuminati Riparosso (thanks Google) and it was an absolutely perfect match. She had a cocktail with lavender and prosecco that was delicious as well.

Service was excellent, attentive but not overbearing, and he didn't seem to mind that we weren't spending a ton of money. The noise level was also a lot more bearable than other places, even though it was quite busy that night. I'd definitely recommend this place for a romantic date spot.
When outdoor plans are virtually our only option that's not virtual plans and the rain is threatening to ruin those few and far between plans, look no further than Le Virtu. 

They have a covered patio that seats lots of people very socially distantly and isn't in the middle of the street and dangerously close to cars and pedestrians or in an alleyway full of trash. Waiters are masked and the food came out fast! Our waiter also didn't judge us when we asked for more bread and oil three (3) times.

 The food was delicious, portions large, and the Sunday/Monday dinner ($35 for an appetizer, main and a glass of their house wine with 3 to choose from including a rosé!) is a really great deal. The deal excludes the lamb chops and antipasto but there are still a lot of options to choose from. Also, everyone at your table has to do the special and you can't swap out the wine for a cocktail or beer (someone will just have to drink an extra glass boohoo). The lamb skewers came with 8 skewers and the meat was tender and flavorful. My saffron taccozzelle with pork sausage was excellent and my friends loved their pastas too. We were too full for dessert (maybe it was the 3rd bread) but there were a few good looking options (gelato, sorbet, lemon tiramisu). Highly recommend as a weatherproof dinner option (or even if you just want some shade!)
Absolutely wonderful, authentic Abruzzese cuisine.  

To start, we were served complimentary fried dough.  Some plain, and some stuffed with fresh mozzarella and sage.  Delicious!

Our table of seven split two of the antipasto platters.  They were rather large and featured house cured meats, a diverse selection of cheese, a frittata, roasted peppers and olives.  One of our dining companions ordered the scrippelle soup which we all had the chance to taste.  The scrippelles were light as air and tasty.  Though I was slightly disappointed, it's only because they were different than my grandmother's.  However, I highly recommend this dish.

For dinner I had the Timballo di Scrippelle.  It's essentially a lasagna but the pasta layers are scrippelles.  It was wonderful.  I also sampled the Ravioli al Cioccolato Ripieni di Coniglio, cocoa raviolis stuffed with braised rabbit and amaretto cookies.  Such a unique, delightful dish.  Others had the monkfish with clams and mussels, the spaghetti with hot peppers, and a pork platter, which was a special for the night.  I wasn't offered samples from those plates, so I'm going to assume they were enjoyed!

For dessert we shared the Pizza Dolce, which none of us loved.  But the tiramisu was amazing, and I'm not even a fan of tiramisu!  A definite must-try, if that's your thing.

What I loved most about Le Virtu, besides the amazing food, was the authenticity of the meal.  The antipasto platters were done the way they were supposed to be (without lettuce!), next was the pasta course, then meat and finally the salad, served last.  This is the first restaurant in the states that I have found that serves the salad last.

The atmosphere was warm and comfortable and the service was attentive and knowledgeable without being intrusive.  I most definitely will return, sooner than later.  I see this being bumped to a 5-star if they continue to wow as they did on this visit!
My man and I decided to take ourselves out for a nice Italian meal on Sunday night, after four long days of nonstop events. After perusing the reviews for Italian restaurants, we read Marcello's and out the door we went to Le Virtu. 

With no reservations, I still thought the chances of snagging a two top were high for an overcast Sunday. Unfortunately, I underestimated the popularity of the place and we were banished to bar seating. We started off with a crisp white wine and bread basket, with some of the most delicious bread I've had in a long while, and perfectly olive-tinged oil for dipping. 

To start, we tried the bruschetta foursome, of which each flavor popped. Most notable was the creamy ricotta with marinated artichoke and balsamic reduction. Our other starter was a special; silky burrata with slices of cured pork (similar to prosciutto, only harder and even more delicious).  

For dinner, handkerchief pasta with braised duck and beef ragu. I was certain that the pasta would come in a red sauce, so when it arrived without anything red, I was a little disappointed. Then I tasted the dish and quickly got over my red sauce craving. My glass of spicy red helped to balance the richness of the meats. The smoked potato gnocchi with lamb ragu was also quite delicious.    

We passed on dessert but there's no doubt that we'll be back to try other offerings from the menu. Next time, I'm making a reservation.
Le Virtu - I love you.
We were greeted so warmly by Fred - and sat at the bar enjoying delicious Italian wines by the glass.

We were seated at a corner table and started the meal with a delicious sausage and red peppers over polenta and fried olives (Crispy, hot and stuffed with porchetta - they are little bombs of flavor exploding in yout mouth).

So wonderful.

After the delectable apps (and foccacia dipped in tasty olive oil), our primi arrived - pappardelle (housemade) with rabbit ragu for DH and handkerchief pasta with duck ragu for me.  MEMORIES are made of this.

Who could eat more?
A secondi?
Not tonight...

But We did have something else - a perfectly made cappucino (yes, at night - I know, I know) for me and grappa for DH.

We also split a luscioud dessert of a fresh crepe with chestnuts paired with 3 freshly fried ravioli stuufed with chocolate and chestnuts (So sinful, yet so delicious.)

A mouthwatering, memorable, five star evening.

We love you, Le Virtu.
And thank you for participating in the Friends Select School "Dining with friends" promotion.
sometimes you have leftovers that lurk in the fridge til you finally cave in and eat them because you feel guilty wasting the food. others get lost, forgotten and tossed after spoiling. and then there are those leftovers that you simply can't wait to sink your teeth into from the moment you put your fork down on the plate and ask for it to be wrapped up. such was the case with last nite's gnocchi con pomodoro e mozzarella from le virtu.

driving home from the adorable south philly restaurant after my dinner out with the girls, i kept looking over at my to-go bag on the seat next to me wanting to dig in right then and there. but alas, i was plenty full after having already eaten half the portion of pillowy potato pasta perfection (plus bread, dessert and wine) and knew i'd appreciate waiting it out til the next day. it was oh-so tempting once again at breakfast time, but i managed to hold out for lunch. if possible, the leftovers were even better than the entrée IN the restaurant! the fresh mozzarella all gooey and delicious with every bite....mmmmmm...

oh, if only i had some of the bread to dip in the sauce as well! this was no ordinary basket of bread, mind you, it was a platter of 2 specialty, fresh baked breads - one a crispy style triangle that was quite good, but paled in comparison to the one filled with sage & mozzarella. i would go back just for more of that bread... also to try the pappardelle con funghi which was not being offered last nite due to the poor quality of available mushrooms. kudos to the chef, as i'd much rather not have the option of ordering a dish than receiving one that is sub par. that is one of 3 veg options (including the gnocchi and a fairly plain sounding spaghetti dish) tho i was rather disappointed to learn that they use meat in their namesake minestrone.

prices were fair...neither cheap nor overly expensive, especially considering the high quality of food. service was attentive but never rushed, with a nice leisurely pace, perfect for catching up with girlfriends on a rainy monday nite. ambiance was lovely, and i look forward to returning on a nicer evening when i can take advantage of outdoor dining on the patio!
Part 1 of a 2-part review:

I just realized that I've never written a review of Le Virtù, my favorite place for pasta in Philadelphia, so here it is...

Whenever I dine at Le Virtù ("The Virtues"), one of the mainstays of East Passyunk Ave, for some reason I have to keep asking myself, "Why don't I eat here more often?" The answer being that, with so many great restaurants opening on super-hot EPx in the past couple of years (my favs being Fond, Noord, Laurel, Will, and I'm sure upcoming Townsend), it's all too easy to get distracted.

But this was the first ever Philly Wine Week, and having decided to crash the "Unauthorized Underground Wine Week Industry Party" later that evening, four of us thought a little BYOB-pasta action would be a good prelude to any subsequent debauchery.

This was the second time I've been to LV in the past few months, previously having enjoyed several killer pastas with seasonal white and black truffles shaved over them (a $30-35 supplement). And I also remember enjoying some of their new cocktails. This time was no exception:

~SIRENTE (photo): Berentzen Pear Liquor, Stoli Vanil, rosemary, black pepper ($12)--This looks like a dirty rainwater martini, with bits of dead plant material and who knows what floating in it. Which might not sound very appealing, but it really was very tasty. Although I think they should back off on the vanilla a bit.

~LE VIRTU MARTINI: Stoli vodka, limoncello, splash of Italian lemon soda ($12)--I'm a sucker for limoncello, and anything remotely related to it, but this was a tad sweet perhaps for my taste.

~BOTTA: Abruzzesse Super Punch, rum, lemon, lime ($12)--"Super Punch" is the kind of Italian liquor that only my Italian grandmother would touch, assuming of course that she was actually Italian and not Irish, and had very bad taste. Hard to describe, but in this context it resulted in a fantastic cocktail. Just try it...

I love the comfortable wooden bar Le Virtù, ~10 seats right inside the restaurant's entrance. It is rarely too crowded, making it my favorite pre-dinner cocktail haunt at this end of EPx (Stateside at the other end). Plus they serve Cynar, which will definitely perk up your palate before/during/after dinner.

The menu is divided into Antipasti, Primi, Secondi, and Contori, but we decided to graze through the former two sections so as to enjoy the greatest variety, including what LV is best at: house-made, fresh, and often usual pasta.

~AFFETTATI MISTI: House-cured salumi and antipasti ($29)--Prepared in the basement by talented Chef Joe Cicala, this is a must order dish, with ~5-6 cured meets and a few pickled veggies. With a little red wine, I would be all to happy making a meal out of this. Plenty generous enough for 4 people to share, and served with excellent bread too.

~TRIPA IN UMIDO: Tripe braised in tomato sauce, grilled rustic bread, pecorino ($10)--I'm a sucker for offal, the offaler the better I always say. Bibou has a lovely, French variation of this dish, but I think LV's is even better, more earthy and flavorful, tender, tomatoey, just eat it with some crusty bread. Another LV must-have in my book.

~SALSICCIA NOSTRANA ALLA GRIGLIA: House-made Abruzzese-style sausage, polenta, peperonata ($12)--Loved this dish, the sausage was just so herby, but a bit on the small side for sharing, I could have eaten it all myself.

~MACCHERONI ALIA MUGNAIA: Hand-pulled, single-strand pasta, garlic, extra-virgin olive oil, hot pepper, pecorino ($18)--This might be Chef's signature dish (either this, or the head-on Porchetta he serves during his annual 40-course, 9-hour La Panarda feast), and if you have enough people, this could be a single noodle up to 60 feat long (see the video below). Simply prepared, and extremely al dente, I think this is frankly best when shared by a larger group. Not a flashy dish, but a fun dish, that exemplifies LV's respect for the history and tradition of Abruzzo.

http://youtu.be/wT9Kw72FEDQ

~TACCOZZELLE ALL'AQUILANA: Handkerchief pasta, Abruzzese-style sausage, porcini, black truffles, Navelli saffron ($20)--Perhaps my favorite dish of the evening, with perfectly prepared pasta, and a rich, incredibly mushroomy ragu.

~CIMA DI RAPA: Broccoli rabe, garlic, hot pepper, olive oil ($8)--

~WORD OF WARNING: Don't do what I did with the beautiful complementary basket of dried peppers, and eat one whole on a dare! Sort of like the Cinnamon Challenge, it's not the spice that gets you. Instead, use the provided scissors to add the desired amount of heat to your pasta.

To read the rest of my review, click below:
The definition of Virtù comes from Machiavelli and is centered on the martial spirit and ability of a population or leader, but also encompassing a broader collection of traits necessary for maintenance of the state and "the achievement of great things."

Le Virtu as a restaurant has achieved great things. I spent about 5 hours there on Friday evening starting with happy hour at the bar then dining at an indoor table. I was impressed all around. 

I started with a limoncello martini made with Stateside vodka for only $8. It was strong yet refreshing and enjoyable to sip. 

Moving onto a table for dinner, my group including the hubby, Sari A. and Bill M., decided to have some fun in sharing dishes. We started with the Arrosticini d'agnello (grilled cubed lamb skewers, olive oil, lemon, peperoncino, rosemary) which was so incredibly tender and flavorful. As an appetizer, we also split the Fazzoletti verdi con ragu di faraona (Stinging nettles fazzoletti, cocoa-braised guinea hen sausage, Parmigiano Reggiano). We were interested by the stinging nettles, which is actually a plant. Turns out, I'd eat stinging nettles any day. The unique flavors of this plant and hen sausage over pasta were delectable.  

For my main, the hubby and I split the Gnocchi affumicati (Smoked potato gnocchi, lamb ragu, pecorino del parco) and Triangoli al ragu di coniglio (Braised rabbit and Sicilian pistachio-filled triangoli, nepitella, butter, Parmigiano Reggiano). Unfortunately, the gnocchi was a little too smoky for my liking, but everyone who enjoys a smoky flavor found it to be great. I absolutely loved the rabbit dish.

For dessert, we ordered several things and took turns passing them around the table. In my order of favorite to still really good, we had the Torta di Nutella (Nutella ricotta cheesecake, toasted hazelnuts), Torta di mirtillo e limone (Vanilla cake, lemon chantilly cream, blueberry sauce, mint), Sfinci (Strawberry mascarpone-filled fried pastry, toasted pistachios) and Lu Parrozz' (Flourless orange-almond cake, chocolate ganache, saffron-honey). Each was great in their own way, and really just depended on taste preference. 

The service was great as well. They were attentive but allowed our group to dine versus rushing us through a meal. Our server was helpful with any questions that came up including beverage recommendations and substitution questions. 

Le Virtu was an upscale Italian dining experience with unique and innovative courses (at least to me) that vary from the many traditional Italian eateries of South Philadelphia. Throughout my visit they convinced me that they are, in fact, able to achieve great things as part of my culinary experience.
I think if you work in good restaurants then you eat in good restaurants.  Last night, for my first dining experience at Le Virtu, I chatted with a couple employees from A.Kitchen and Amis while sitting at the bar.  I imagine if there is anyone versed in good food, it's these guys and they were eating here.  That says something.

I had heard so many good things about this place that it got to my short list rather quickly.  When I had the opportunity to finally go, I snatched it up.

The inside is really nicely laid out and decorated.  Warm colors throughout, rustic wooden tables and marble/granite tops on the counters.  I opted to sit in the room where you could see the kitchen.  There is a bookcase filled with plates and cups sort of obscuring the view in but I was still able to see the action.

We began with the bruschette miste and it was really delicious.  There was an olive tapenade with shaved fennel, house made capicola and roasted peppers, artichoke heart with goat cheese and aged balsamic vinegar and finally, heirloom tomato spread.  Yeah, we absolutely tore through it.

My entree was the fazzoletti with duck ragu.  The pasta was pure perfection.  I was honestly expecting a red sauce but this was instead a cream sauce (alfredo style) but spiced with some thyme and maybe rosemary?  I honestly don't know but it was damn delicious.  My friend got the spaghetti con aglio e olio all'abruzzese.  It was spicy, velvety and perfectly delicious.

We skipped dessert because we had our fill on apps and wine.  The service was on point without being intrusive.

Buon lavoro!  Tornero presto.
Spend your money elsewhere. I've been here twice and I will not be back.  

I know Philly Mag just rated it top 50, and Craig LeBan gave it 3 bells. I am honestly not sure they are in the top 50 Italian Restaurants in Philly. The food is fine, but nothing at the entire table could be called outstanding. 

The decor and service fall far short of the $85/head you will pay before drinks.

I do dig that they are doing an Abruzzo concept  which is hearty and rustic and in that they are doing a nice job. Not that their servers can speak to it in any intelligible way, but at least the host made an attempt.

To be fair, the appetizers were a highlight. the house cured Salamis were a hit , the burrata was tasty ( paired with wilted fennel), and the Braised egg and cheese croquettes reminded me of my friend's mom's secret recipe - honestly one of my childhood favorites. For this, I thank them.

Unfortunately, we called ahead for the Maccheroni alla Mugnaia, which is apparently Italian for "Overpriced Pasta Gimmick".  Okay so it's one huge noodle for the table. It was tough and chewy and there was no less than 3 pounds of it. The lamb ragu that covered it had a decent flavor profile and might have been more enjoyable were I not forced to scrape it awkwardly across a board  onto my plate.

The service was honestly where I took the biggest issue. Maybe it was a Wednesday and they had the B-team on duty, but Le Virtu needs to take a little more pride in itself. The host was literally dressed in mom jeans, a braided belt, a long sleeve polo shirt and sneakers. Our party was dressed for dinner.

Our waiter was terrible. He disappeared for long stretches (on what I perceived to be a slow night). At one point I had to get up and search for a wine key because every glass at our table was empty and had been for 10 minutes. When he did show up, we were on his schedule. We were treated as an inconvenience to his evening. He could have cared less about answering our questions or making us feel at home. More than once he literally had his hand or finger in someones face while clearing. Gaffs of this sort went on and on.

I am going to leave it at that. 

Just don't bother.
If I had reviewed this place as I had remembered it in the past, it would have been a solid 4.  The meal I had tonight was not only average in flavor, but in some dishes was overcooked and in others undercooked.  I don't recognize the new Le Virtu, at all.
I love when I walk into a restaurant and the first thing I  am told is "she will help you." And it's some lady on the phone. Umm no why don't you help me? Sat at bar and disgusting used utensils and plates are there. Please. Step up your game. Also, they bring a basket of pepper to make your pasta more spicy and you grate them on your plate. But disturbingly the peppers you are offered a bowl of peppers that are halfway gated and clearly touched by other people's hands. So gross. If that's ok, what else in the kitchen is considered ok?? Dirty silverware? Played? Bread baskets????!? Ugh and bus people are like incompetent. So annoyed. Oh and asked waiter what Mural meant and he laughed and went on.
*Yelp moderators, please do not take down my update/edit*

I would like to respond to Francis in reference to my OP, since he asked me, 'To OWN my words'.
I have no issues reposting what I originally wrote- when I edited my review, I reached the maximum characters allotted per review- since I could not elaborate without eliminating other parts of my review, I streamlined my comments in regards to the oil/bread/charcuterie, to the underlining point= I did not like those aspects of our meal.

I do not have the exact posting, but I will paraphrase to the best of my ability.
OP- OIL
*it tasted like the cheap cooking oil, the kind I use to sauté vegetables in- it had no flavor*
 (For the record, I absolutely DID NOT question the authenticity of the oil, I made a brash comment that it 'tasted like cheap oil, I did not know it hailed specifically from Umbria, to question it's origin/quality/cost-again it was not mentioned or listed anywhere on your site and as you mentioned it was not meant to be flavored, so I was not wrong when I said it was lacked flavor) If we were supposed to enjoy the thin viscosity of the oil, then it was truly lost on both of us, I am not afraid to admit that. However, I NEVER once said it was cheap oil.

OP-CHARCUTERIE 
*The charcuterie platter was slimy and I believe I might have used the term 'gross' for the texture (Had we know that this platter was on the fattier side, we would have avoided it as we knew we did not like it served that way, but that is neither here nor there. I feel anything with the texture of uncooked bacon/fat, is slimy= gross to me. There is nothing wrong with the platter, some people prefer it this way, WE do not- again, I was merely commenting on the texture only. 

OP-BREAD
' The bread was stale and probably should have been used for croutons instead.' I've had stale bread before, in my mind, the bread was stale, (we possibly got a stale piece/bad batch? IDK, but that's what arrived on our plate), unless it was meant to have that texture, then it was spot on! If I were to have a dinner party and had slightly stale bread. I, personally would NOT serve it, I would probably feed it to the birds or toss it in the oven and make some croutons.

OCTOPUS
I'm not sure why the cold octopi and potatoes being an 'odd' combination was upsetting though, it was odd to me (would 'different' have been a better synonym?) regardless it worked well together, so I'm NOT sure how that was construed as a negative comment, because it wasn't.

I DID NOT omit the above comments from the review, because I wanted to paint myself in a better light or because I was subsequently informed of the quality of the ingredients or how the meat was cured (I appreciate the curing process and origin of the oil) we still did not care for it and it does not change my mind after the fact. I have had fine French wine on numerous occasions- sometimes I like it, sometimes I do not.  Someone stating that it was a fine French wine, does not make me all of a suddenly like it, my palate will STILL disagree.

I most definitely could have worked on my delivery, for that I apologize- these were my frank thoughts.

In fairness, I did do my due diligence in regards to our dinner at Le Virtue, by reading all points on your website, also I read a lot of wonderful yelp reviews and came across a lot of references to the restaurant, which is why we ultimately made reservations and ventured down to Passyunk Square.  I'm not a novice to Italian cuisine by any means, I have it quite often, but do not know of the intricate nuances of certain things, i.e.) origin of the oil, how a particular region prepares octopi or bread that is indigenous to said region. I knew enough to enjoy a night out with my husband for dinner and drinks and what kind of experience we could expect from Le Virtue. 

Yelp review guidelines say, share YOUR experience, this review was OUR experience. I do not know enough about the Abruzzo region cuisine to write a thorough essay. I am not Craig LaBan, nor do I claim to be. This is again, just my opinion, on one meal and as you said, it is MY RIGHT to not like something. I do not need to do any due diligence to know what tastes good to me vs. what does not. 

Taste is VERY subjective, I did NOT think, I had to state, the obvious= what tastes perfectly fine to one person may be unpalatable to another, If you do not share my opinion, that's fine, but don't tell me I'm wrong- it's an opinion not fact!

For the record, my friends and I like to converse with the staff about the food, it opens the lines of communication and makes the staff more approachable, others obviously don't feel the same. But for my husband and I, that would have made our meal more enjoyable.

I do find it interesting, that there was no issue with my assessment of the delicious pasta or my nice fish entree. Why was my 'lack of knowledge' of the cuisine not chastised here, but only for the portion of the meal we did not find satisfying...
We went there last night - 4 of us, after tasting the fantastic timballe de scripelle (like an Abruzzi-style lasagna made of home-made parmesan crepes, with mini meatballs) at the SlowFood Philly event in HeadHouse square.

We ordered 3 apps & 4 entrees between us.  The breaded Olives - which we loved, the Riceballs - were Good but not WOW and a truly terrific tomato, fresh fior-de-latte mozzarella and grill artichoke salad.

It was so great.

Then the entrees came.  I had the Timballe, my husband had the home-made pasta (herbed pappardellle-like sheets) with duck & beef ragu.  So delectable.

Our friends both had terrific grilled entrees.  Lamb chops and skewers of  Chicken and home-cured sausage.  Both entrees came with roasted potatoes.

We had no alcohol - just soft drinks.  Oh yeah, my husband did have a beer - a good one - and orange-blossom scented pale ale.  Nice.

For dessert the chef - who was kind enough to chat with us, comped us a platter of 3 desserts.  A traditional cassata-like cake (good - not great), a silky panna cotta (YUM) and the best - LIMONCELLO-soaked tiramisu.

That would be worth the usual $7 for-a-dessert charge.

I really, really like this place and would welcome the chance to go back.
The patio in summer is nice, although we sat inside.

It was a lovely time.
During my first East Passyunk residency Le Virtu was the first place that ever had me falling in love with arancini during a community event, and it was the first South Philly outdoor eating area that I became absolutely enamored by! During a few Witchcraft Bar crawls I managed to partake in a brew or two in it elegant barroom, and it was always a highlight for me during Flavors of the Avenue.

But despite such fabled rendezvouses that transported me to Abruzzo, Le Virtu was one of those spots that I failed to pay a proper dining visit to during my first residency, which is something that I was looking to rectify during my second. Especially when I caught glimpses of the tantalizing pastas that Joe Cicala puts together, and savored his pizza over at Brigantessa! So when Sari mapped it out as one of the restaurants to visit before leaving for Charlotte, I knew I was there. And it lead to what might just be the best pasta meal that I ever experienced!

Going with a group of four or more friends means that dinner is perfect for sharing, and when it comes down to it that family style sharing with the as much masterfully made pasta as possible is the best way to enjoy Le Virtu. to start we were blown away by impeccably grilled and perfectly marinated grilled lamb skewers. Since the stinging nettles part of the Fazzoletti weirded us all out a bit, but the cocoa braised guinea hen sausage tantalized us, we decided to order it as an app, and it delivered the first incredible bite of pasta out of the many to come.

For mains our group split the Triangoli al ragu with braised rabbit, the Taccozzelle all'aquilana (without the Abbruzze style sausage for our non-pork eating friend), and the astounding Maccheroni alla chitarra black & white pasta served with wild gulf shrimp, as well as another pasta dish that escapes me. Splitting each dish led to full on flavor, but the stand out fo me was definitely the impressive presentation that went into the Maccheroni. Desser was also on the menu in the form of an orange almond cake w/ chocolate ganache, a strawberry marscarpone filled fried pastry, a vanilla cake with lemon chantilly cream and blueberry sauce, and an DECADENT Nutella ricotta cheesecake with toasted hazelnuts; and all of the above were as delicious as they sound!

With an innovative but traditional pasta menu that rotates with the seasons a rotating draft beer & solid wine list, and what might be the best outdoor eating area in South Philly, Le Virtu is definitely one of those spots that are a must to enjoy!
Disappointed. Even though it looks like an awesome place, especially in nice weather.  It's menu is really interesting and kinda fun too.  Maybe we went on a bad day, but the experience soured us all to the place.

We went there with a group of 8 for a little birthday celebration.  We were told the day of the event that they needed to change our reservation to 1.5 hours earlier.  We had the reservation for two weeks...
Dinner was mixed results.  The cod and branzino were both very tasty and thoroughly enjoyed. The boar ragut and panchetta raviolis were also quite good.  The hand pressed "gnocchi" that accompanied the boar are just little flat pieces of pasta and rather underwhelming.  The handkerchief pasta with sausage and truffle was tasteless. The hand pulled pasta was not even close to aldente and woefully hard, which is strange for "fresh pasta".  We ordered a few of the desserts because they sounded good, but were not worth it.  Oh... Don't plan on getting decaff cappuccino even if you order it.  A 

It was very nice that they waived the $15/bottle byo corking fee on a Tuesday night.  However, what was a bit appalling was they charged $5/plate ($40) for the birthday cake we brought and all that was provided for that fee was a stack of plates, a knife and a few candles.  They didn't cut or plate the cake, nor offer even whipped cream or anything for the fee.  ...The next evening we celebrated same person's Birthday at Redstone Grill and there was no fee for the cake that they cut and plated, while also providing an extravagant sparkler when presenting.
I have heard so many rave reviews of this restaurant, so I was really excited to finally try it and maybe add it to my list of favorite restaurants. I came during the Passyunk Restaurant Week with one other person. It was a great way to sample a variety of their dishes. I was pleasantly surprised that their RW menu featured a 4-course dinner rather than the typical 3-course offerings elsewhere. However, it seemed that the dishes were either a hit or a miss, with little in between, and leaving much to be desired. 

For the 1st Course, we ordered the calamari and mussels and the egg and cheese croquettes. The appetizers came out rather quickly, almost immediately after our bread basket came. The croquettes were seasoned well and were tasty, and covered in a delicious sauce. The calamari and mussels were delicious and had a great depth of flavor. However, I would probably only order the calamari and mussels dish again. 

The second course had only pasta options. For the sake of variety, we opted not to order the pasta dish for two, instead we ordered the Maccheroni alla Chitara, which was a braised lamb ragu with handmade pasta, and the sausage-mushroom ragu pasta (the name escapes me as the menu differs from the one listed on the RW website). The Maccheroni was very al dente, slightly dry, and rather salty. However, the other dish was spectacular!!! I CANNOT EXPRESS THIS ENOUGH. The pasta was in flat, thick sheets, which were soft, but chewy. The sauce was seasoned beautifully, extremely creamy, and filled with flavor from the sausage and mushrooms. 

The third course was the worst of the whole meal and honestly, ruined the entire dinner for me. This is where Le Virtu truly let me down, especially after I had that amazing pasta dish. We ordered the skate fish and the porchetta entrees. The skate was cooked well, but the filet and its accompaniments were woefully bland and nothing special. The portion was also extremely small compared to the porchetta. The porchetta was WAY overcooked to the point of it being dry and tough. It was even difficult to cut and chew. It was accompanied by a watery polenta that had no flavor. The best part of the dish was the three stalks of broccoli rabe on the plate. 

For the final dessert course, we ordered one of each, the chocolate olive oil cake and the panna cotta. Both were delicious, but I enjoyed the cake more. It was decadent, but had a pistachio gelato that went well to tone down the richness of the ganache and cake. The panna cotta was also great in taste, but lacked in execution. It was not set, and when it arrived, it was more like a sweet, creamy soup.

Besides the food, I felt that the service was lacking. Never were we asked if we wanted refills of our beer or another drink. When our bread basket was finished, we were not asked if we would like more. Our water for most of the night were left empty, until we prompted the staff to refill our glasses. And at a restaurant of this caliber, when there are large/significant amounts of crumbs/food droppings on the table, they should attempt to remove or crumb the table. 

For a restaurant with dishes at this price range and reputation, I had higher expectations not only for their food, but their customer service. There are plenty of other options around the city for great, authentic Italian food at the same or even LOWER prices, and I will be sticking to those. At least I can say I tried it, but I probably will not be going again anytime soon, unless it is for that one pasta dish!
Went last night for my husbands birthday and was not impressed.  I picked the place based on the 4 stars on Yelp and 3 Bells by Craig LeBan but I didn't quite have the same experience.  We started with the stuffed olives and the salumi meat spread - the olives were dry but the meat spread was pretty good.  I got the stuffed pasta with porchetta and it didn't wow me - like I was expecting - and my husband got the fish stew - he actually was pleasantly surprised.  Dessert was the best part - the chocolate semifreddo.

Service was ok - nothing special - there were lots of holiday parties there so they may have been distracted. 

Overall OK meal but wouldn't make a trip from Fairmount to go back.
Came with a group of 6 and had a pretty unpleasant experience.  The dishes were mostly strikeouts or singles, but there were a few home runs.  The service, it should be noted up front, was absolutely horrific, but I'll talk about the food first, since that's really all I care about.  

Smoked potato gnocchi, lancaster co. lamb shoulder ragu, pecorino-- The gnocchi were heavy, gummy, and so smokey that they basically ruined the dish, overpowering the gamey lamb/tomato sauce, which on its own was pretty delicious.  It was also over salted, which made the pecorino's presence unpleasant.  

Porchetta-filled agnolotti, sage, butter, black truffle, crushed amaretti.  The filling was dull and under salted, the agnolotti were clunky and poorly executed (way too thick and under cooked at the pinched edges), the butter sauce was heavy and needed more acid, the truffle was barely noticeable, the amaretti made the dish inappropriately sweet, and the sage didn't help a thing.  

House cured goat salame with Caponata-- The highlight of the night.  The essence of goat meat, artfully heightened and distilled.  The flavor was powerfully game-y, but still completely pleasant, and was artfully balanced by a checkering of creamy white fat with a more delicate goat flavor reminiscent of fresh chevre.  The texture was awesomely unctuous.  The caponata was the perfect compliment, and turned this from a great item into a great dish.  The "grilled rustic bread" was scorched in places... why is this so often the case at otherwise competent places?  Maybe I'm just not "rustic" enough to appreciate the flavor of carbon? 

Guitar Pasta with rock shrimp, lemon, mussels, zucchini, zucchini blossoms-- Another highlight.  The rock shrimp were extremely high quality, and perfectly cooked.  The tiny mussels were exceptionally intense, clean and oceanic.  The strips of zucchini in the sauce were fine.  The outstanding olive oil (delicate, floral and green) that anchored the sauce tied everything together with its suavity, and the lemon lent the dish a nice brightness.  The zucchini blossoms advertised on the menu were nowhere to be found-- a definite disappointment, but not a deal breaker considering this pasta's perfection.   

N'Duja, spreadable spicy pork salame--Just as addictive as it sounds.  It comes with clove-y pickled carrots that take it to the next level.  The "grilled rustic bread" that came with this was even more scorched than the "g.r.b." accompanying the goat salame.

Affettati misti, Salame selection--  Everything was excellent, especially the spreadable pork pate jawn and the various vegetable accouterments.  It's impossible not to respect a kitchen capable of house-curing this many varieties of salame this well.  

Tagliatelle Al Sugo Di Coniglio, ribbon shaped pasta, braised Lancaster co. rabbit ragu--The rabbit meat and the tomato in the sauce combined into an amazing compound flavor, delicately sweet.  A completely pleasant dish.

Taccozzelle All'Aquilana- house-made abruzzese-style sausage, porcini, black truffle, navelli saffron--  Very interesting.  I would never have expected the flavor of truffle, porchini, safron and sausage to go together as well as they did in this dish, but in the end the combination was still a little strange, and in the end I think the dish added up to slightly less than the sum of its its parts.  

The deserts all sucked, except for the semi-fredo.  

As for the service...
We got there 2 minutes before our 7:30 reservation time, and were told to wait at the bar until our table opened up.  46 minutes later (we kept count) we were finally able to sit down, and maybe 10 minutes after that a server finally made it over to our table.  By the time the first ap touched down it was almost 9:00.

While we were waiting at the bar the hostess didn't once check in with us .  I had to keep tracking her down to get a report on her non-progress.  Each time I was told "10 minutes".  I've worked in restaurants and completely understand how such a situation can come up, but not how it can go on for 46 minutes.  
  
While we were waiting at the bar people were piling up behind us wanting to sit and drink, so we had to look like dicks because we weren't willing to wait outside in the 45 degree weather.  Of course the bartender didn't explain the situation to anyone, so I had to.  At the bar we ordered about $45 worth of drinks we wouldn't have wanted if it wasn't for the wait.  Of course nothing was comped-- in a place this obviously understaffed you can be sure that the priority is milking the customer for every drop.  

Seating situation aside, the service was still pretty bad.  It was almost impossible to get a server to answer questions about the menu, and when the plates were brought to the table, she couldn't identify many of the items on the plate.  

To add insult to injury they tacked on an automatic 20% tip.  

Do yourself a favor and go to Osteria instead.
tl'dr an unpretentious Italian cucina channeling quaint decor and specializing Abruzzese cuisine

Le Virtu claims a niche in the city of Philadelphia by drawing culinary inspiration specifically from Italy's Abruzzo region -- this boils down to bread, pasta, meat, cheese, and wine. The restaurant itself offers a mix of traditional artifacts and more modern, but still characteristically Italian, prints. Exposed brick and copper lamps greet you as you first walk in, and rustic tones and dark thick wood tables bring you back to Italy. The dining area is separated into two rooms -- one open area facing the kitchen and a side room with darker tones and mood lighting. At 5:30 on a Monday, the restaurant was in the calm-before-the-storm phase, and the service was quick.

My partner and I settled on the Prawns and the Lamb Arrosticini to kick off our meal. Within a matter of minutes, warm bread in a carved-wood bowl was brought out, quickly followed by our appetizers. For the prawns, the tartness of the citrus-peperoncino vinaigrette and fresh orange slices gave a nice flavor to our nicely grilled shrimp. Meanwhile, while the lamb was simply executed, cut into chunks and cooked on a skewer, it delivered a juicy, fragrant bite. For our entrees, we shared the Scrippelle and the Chicken All'Abruzzese. The scrippelle consisted of 3 buttery, ricotta-filled crepes, served with a rich Alfredo and fresh marinara. What the dish lacked in texture, it made up for in its comfortable, nostalgic flavors. The chicken, on the other hand, was moist and juicy, served in a clay pot with a spicy broth and stewed red peppers. I found myself dipping bread into the dish to soak up as much of the robust broth as I could. We finished with the Panna Cotta and Semifreddo dolci. The panna cotta was creamy and sugary, but I wish it had more small brown-butter crumble to give the dessert more texture. The semifreddo was a cross between ice cream and mousse, topped with chopped pistachios for crunch and whole cherries that burst in your mouth with flavor.

For a shade below $90, we enjoyed one of the better Italian restaurants in Philadelphia. My own gripe is that, while all of the dished were good, none of them stood out to me as something I would go out of my way to get again. Still, it's worth a try at least once if you're searching for a reliably good Italian spot.
Authentic Italian fare that tastes absolutely delicious.  I come here as often as I can and am never disappointed by the food.  I deducted one star because the decor is a little on the spartan side.  I would highly recommend this place if you're looking to have a good meal.
Old world hipness

  Lady Mary and I visited Le Virtu this past Friday, after deciding that we both needed a night off from work. We further decided that the evening was, in fact, to be dubbed date night. What better way to play hooky than to grab a bottle of vino and head over to the Passyunk Square? 

   Upon entering, we were promptly seated at a table which had already been set for two. There was no clumsy removing of place settings; they listened when I made a reservation, and were prepared for a deuce. We perused the menu, which is concise without being restricted. More than enough options presented themselves, but beings as though we are only two people, we could choose only so many. 

   To start, we shared the burrata. Not only was the cheese itself outstanding, but the addition of grilled scallion to the dish is genius. A wonderful sweetness (and a charred note) is brought to the plate with the addition of the green onion. Having a hot &  cold element on the plate is another note worth mentioning. The dish winds up being not only tremendously composed, but also very light. Top marks for the appetizer. 

   Pasta to follow. We heard the words lobster and saffron said to us as the specials were being expertly explained to us. It wasn't a hard sell. The reader will forgive the fact that I'm less that 100% sure about the type of pasta that was served.  Casarecce jumps to mind, but that could need correcting. Regardless, the dish was flawless. The pasta was very obviously made in house. Chef Joe didn't remove all the wonderful brininess of the lobster by drenching the dish in butter. Another well composed dish, this time with more voices, but all singing in harmony. 

   For our secondi, we ordered the lamb...perfectly mid-rare. The supporting cast on the plate almost stole the spotlight. With the lamb was served a parsnip puree, which was like adding a fine silk to each bite. It managed to add the creamy, unctious taste we all want without using s*#t tons of cream and butter. Small bits of lightly grilled romanesco brought yet another welcomed dimension to the plate. Top marks here as well.

   The standout in the dessert course was the gooseberry crostata with marscapone gelato. I don't have much of a sweet tooth, and am therefor usually reluctant to order dessert. Why would I want to top off an otherwise delicious meal with a plate of sugar? Not so the case here; the gooseberries were wonderfully tart...like pucker up tart. The sweetness was dealt with in such a clever way, that I can honestly say the overall meal was better for the last course. Top marks again.

   Our service was throughly professional. The ambience doesn't try too hard to be chic. Chef Joe is clearly an Artist. Le Virtu is like an extremely well tailored black suit. It was hip 50 years ago, it's hip now, and it's going to be hip next year.  This place is like an oasis of old world goodness in a desert of hipster hangouts and s#*tty south philly pizza joints.  If you don't dig these sentiments, then this place probably isn't for you...go hit stogie joe's and have a bud light. 

   I would have awarded a 6th star if I was able for one small, but important fact: the owners defend their staff, and their cause. Being a business man, I understand the importance of keeping customers happy; but at what expense, and to what ends?  I have read all the reviews (and responses to reviews), and am so pleasantly shocked to find that the owner has the bollux to tell people they might...just possibly...be wrong. I say kudos. This style of cooking has been amazing for 600 years, and hopefully has a half-life of another half millennium, with or without the under-educated, poorly traveled contingent of s. philly. A tip of my hat good sir.
10/10 Décor
10/10 Drinks
10/10 Food
7/10 Service

Décor: The outdoor terrace with the mural is unbelievably secluded and beautiful. The décor inside feels like a small mom and pop Italian restaurant where class meets comfort.
Drinks: The wine and liquor selection is wonderful; had the best Negroni and a great sangiovese.
Food: oh god, the food rivaled what I had in Italy- we started with the burrata, the lamb sausage, the grilled octopus salad, the hand pulled pasta and the croquettes. The burrata was soft and creamy unlike a standard mozz and the ramps added to the uniqueness of the dish. The lamb sausage featured mint and blueberries which gave a summery spin on a hearty dish. The only qualm I have about the lamb sausage was the presentation. Our waiter set it on the table and everyone looked at each other. I was the first to say it "it looks like a dog turd". But the taste was the exact opposite. The grilled octopus salad was refreshing due to the light dressing that topped the very fresh squid. The hand pulled pasta was served with whole peppers that you cut with scissors; a really interesting touch that amplified a simple dish. Due to the pasta being home made, it was "hand torn" into thick pieces- definitely recommend this dish. The red sauce that the croquettes were nestled in was some of the best red sauce I have had at any restaurant. Full of flavor, the tomatoes paired perfectly with the rest of the dish and made sure it brought out every flavor. I ordered the taccozzelle as my main dish: homemade thick pasta with sausage, mushrooms and black truffles. Anything truffle I love, and this dish executed it perfectly. I was fortunate to taste everyone elses dishes around the table. The other star of the meal was the rabbit ragu pasta: homemade pasta with a red sauce rabbit ragu- a perfect combination of spices. This dish had more flavor than the maccheroni with lamb shoulder: if you are deciding between the two, order the rabbit.
Service: Our waiter had no personality and several times he didn't pay attention to what we had ordered. He sent an appetizer to our table which we did enjoy but weren't sure if we actually ordered it. Nonetheless, it was on the house which was a nice touch. He also put in the wrong order for someone in my party and they had to make his original dish on the fly. (the mess up order was on the house as well- another nice touch). We also believe he sent us the wrong drink, it wasn't the drink I had at the bar, but ordered the exact same thing. It is nice that they did damage control and offered things on the house, but it would have been more convenient to have it correct the first time. 
Overall, an impressive restaurant. I will be back again.
So it had been written.
So it was done.

How many times have your friends set your expectations so high that the ensuing let-down leaves you wondering how you could even be friends with these people? Hopefully not too often if you're a yelper ;) ANYWAY, reading the reviews prior to my visit I was plenty skeptical. Would it be good? Sure, I figured it would be tasty but certainly wasn't prepared for just how good everything was! 

The great thing about going with a group anywhere is you usually get to try a bit of everything. This was mostly true of our visit with the exception of the two misers whose Monkfish dish was soooo good they wouldn't part with a tiny portion! Their silence and cheshire cat grins spoke volumes though. 

My own dish was a little bit of WOW! Rabbit stuffed chocolate ravioli with cookie crumbles? Yes please, and throw two more on there for good measure! My only criticisms would be that A) the four ravioli's were drowning in olive oil when just a little would have sufficed and B) they were on the thin side and could have been a wee bit thicker or go ahead and add one or two more to the plate. The smaller size worked out well as it allowed me to sample everyone else's and not leave feeling as stuffed as a ravioli myself.  :) 

The atmosphere was very pleasant. Service attentive. Prices very agreeable for the quality. Definite value found here. 

Final note: I've worked "fine dining Italian" and can appreciate the quality of what we received, but the true measure was watching the glowing faces of the three people at the table whose own family are from the Abruzzo region. There beaming smiles gave the final seal of approval.
If you want good food, but you don't care at all about the service, you should come here.  It will suit you perfectly.  

I like good service.  With good service I would have considered shelling out 5 stars (but in all likelihood I would give 4 because this place is a little over-priced).  

The atmosphere is good for groups of friends, double-dates, etc.  Not so much for family or one-on-one.

The Italian meats appetizer was quite delicious, but for $29, i'm not sure it's worth it.  The quantity of food is on the slim side, and the plate would benefit a lot from some cheese accompaniment. 

The fish stew was really nice.   Great flavors and superb balance.  The pork shoulder was very very tasty but it's cannelli bean and broccoli rabe surround was a little boring. 

I tried one of the semifreddo options for dessert, and it might have been my favorite part of the meal.  

Our server was impersonal and seemed rushed.  His helper (for water and clearing the table and such) was awkward, needlessly tenacious, and on top of that seemed to have a HUGE chip on her shoulder.  I'm pretty sure she was talking s#$% about many of the patrons in the restaurant.  

Overall, as many before me have noted..... great food, notably poor service.
We had a gaggle, my lovely company (Michelle P, Ben P, and Bill M), and I, at Le Virtu. 
It was another sumptuous farewell dinner. We ordered almost the whole menu for a full taste of Le Virtu, and I only have one word: HEAVEN. 

1. Get the Arrosticini d'agnello. Delicious lamb skewers, perfectly seasoned and grilled.
2. Try the Fazzoletti. Trust me on that. 
3.  Order the Taccozzelle all'aquilana as your entree. Delish!
4. The Gnocchi affumicati were good as well. Yummmmmm.
5. For your sweet tooth, end with Torta di nutella (Nutella ricotta cheesecake).

Five awesome Yelps and some.
After numerous recommendations, I chose Le Virtu to host my graduation day dinner for 12.  The food, ambiance, and waitstaff were all excellent!

For appetizers we ordered the antipasto platter, calamari skewers and mozzarella and asparagus (had some long Italian name that I can't remember).  We were also treated to some fried dough (FREE BREAD!!), some of which was stuffed with mozzarella and sage.

The antipasto had numerous tiny dishes, all displayed artfully on a homey wooden platter.  The prosciutto and porchetta were both divine; lean and well-seasoned.  I had something (I think it was caramelized onions) served in an endive leaf with olive that was just delicious.  These appetizers were a meal by themselves, but we had 12 hungry people to feed so the feast continued.

Porchetta, lamb chops, seafood pasta, lamb and duck ragus, timballo and spicy pasta all got rave reviews from the friends and fam.  My duck ragu was juicy and tender, and, as my cousin put it, the homemade pasta really "stuck to your bones".  By the way, EVERYTHING was made in-house:  the pasta, the bread and the desserts.

I just have to give special attention to two things:  the timballo and the tiramisu.  The timballo was a dish I had never encountered.  It was kind of like lasagna, but instead of layers of pasta it had crepe-like layers filled with tiny meatballs.  The result?  Wonderful lasagna without the heaviness.  Light, airy pasta with meatballs that nearly melt in your mouth.  

The tiramisu was fluffy and light as well.  Nothing like those cake-like-tiramisu-wannabes that I unfortunately so often encounter.  

The ambiance: my boyfriend's step-grandmother said it was like sitting at someone's dining room table.  Very homey: pictures on the wall, decorated plates on display, wood tables and warmly painted walls all made it feel like home.  The waitstaff were very friendly and efficient as well.  A five star experience for my special occasion.
Dined on a Tuesday night in September. I live in the neighborhood so it was an easy stroll down Passyunk.

Staff seemed a little nervous and twitchy, but knowledgeable, friendly, and professional. Not sure why they seemed so frazzled. Other diners appeared to be well-heeled folks in from the burbs. Overall, a good-looking bunch at this restaurant. 

Sat in the grassy courtyard. Watched the chef come out and pluck a few herbs while we were there. The interior has a Tuscan thing going on. Not overly styled, but well-coordinated.

The food was amazing. Handkerchief pasta with duck, bruschette sampler, and gnocchi were all delicious. I got a little bit chewed on by skeeters but that's probably because I was seated towards the periphery of the yard near a bush.

Can't wait to go here again. It's also wheelchair accessible which is fantastic.
So I went to Le Virtu with 2 friends on Tuesday night......lets just say that Craig LeBain was so off with his 3 bells, they maybe deserved 1.  The service started off great.  The waiter, whose name I can't remember, something foreign, started off with a few wine recommendations.  We ordered a white and a red to start off.  He asked if we just wanted the white to start off with and we said no, please bring both to start.  He poured the white wine and said that he was going to start with the white for the apps and bring the red for the second course, we had ordered 3 courses.  We said that we really wanted it now and it would be great if he could bring it.  He wondered off and walked around doing nothing.  Later he walked by our table and saw that our white wine glasses were empty and realized he STILL forgot the red.  Great job buddy.

 
The food was OK.  We had the fried olives and polenta with sausage and peppers.  The polenta was cold and the sausage was hard seemed like it was old, not tender or flavorful.  We got 2 pastas for the next course.  A papperdale and a agnolitti-both cold and uneventful.  Third course was fine the black ink pasta with seafood, pear salad and a very DRY durado, with a balsamic on the zucinni that was so sour that we didn't eat it.  The ramp pesto was the only thing that was good on the dish.

 
Needless to say we were finishing our wine after desert and the servers moved all of the tables around us and made so much noise we felt so uncomfortable that we took our wine glasses to the bar to finish them.  Never a thank you from the server for the $50 tip, or a greeting from the bartender, like maybe a "Hello, how was your dinner?"  We are all 3 in the service industry so we get it and we were not there that long after our meal and the bar was full so we thought that it would be fine.  Well the bartender couldn't jerk our wine glasses away from us fast enough-I think maybe management should have a reevaluation of their staff-3 bells doesn't mean you should float by with crappy service.  I am just sayin..........I will not be back and I will tell all of my restaurant friends to stay clear!
Very nice meal here overall. Pretty place. Food was top notch. Our reserved table was beautiful and the service was attentive.
If I am allowed one suggestion: This woman around town dining wise found the menu confusing. And found the substitutions confusing. Of the 6 of us I wasn't alone in that judgement. 
But the food , setting and service outweighed the confusion so I a giving it 4 stars.
If my group decides to go back I will too,
I have to be honest with our own experience here and not influenced by others, and believe me, I read a lot of other reviews before and after our dinner here.  The only thing I can think of is that perhaps we did not order the right items from the menu.  But everything should be great, right?

First, the alcohol.  The cocktail with gin, a bit of Amaro, and Orangina.  A take on a Negroni, but not as bitter or as tasty, and a lot less alcohol.  Their wine list is very impressive, and the wine could have been a highlight of the meal, but unfortunately everyone ordered by the glass to start, and we only got one bottle of white, a beautiful Vermentino.  I would return here just to keep sampling the wine, which is very well-represented in the off the beaten path sections of Italy.

My appetizer was the Suppli.  The menu lists its ingredients but does not mention that it is a form of arancini, which I do like.  My bad.  This version was interesting and spicy.  Unfortunately, it is probably better to split with one or three people.  Eating 5 or 6 heavy rice balls is kinda rough.

The main course was the porchetta, which is slow roasted pork.  This one had skin on it which was beautifully caramelized but very chewy, not so crisp.  I tackled half of it before my mouth collapsed in exhaustion.  The pork was tender and tasty.  There were beans served on the side, gigantes, but they were so overcooked they were chalky.  The appearance of the dish was bland, white.  It could have used more flavor, more acid (tomatoes in the beans?) more herbs.  I couldn't finish it.  Another one of us had the roasted chicken with potatoes.  It was described as "good."  She did not finish it.

The service was average, our waiter was ok, but seemed bored.
Le Virtu is home to a fantastic dining experience in South Philly. My friend and I came here on a Sunday at 4:30pm (we had made a reservation ahead of time) for their Sunday/Monday Supper deal ($35 for one Antipasto, Primo, Secondo, and Biscotti).

First, we received warm bread and olive oil, which was a nice, complementary start to the meal. For my Antipasto selection, I got the Palotte cac' e ove (egg and pecorino croquettes, tomato, and basil) which were so delicious with a great depth of flavor. For my Primo choice, I got the Maccheroni alla mugnaia (single-strand pasta, hot peppers, garlic, and olive oil) which came with more hot peppers and chili oil on the side. I thought the hot peppers that came in the dish itself were just enough to not overpower the other flavors, but others with a spicier palate might want to add more heat. 

My favorite dish was in Secondo - I ordered the Scrippelle (ricotta-filled crepe, eggplant, tomato, and pecorino) and it was DELICIOUS. The crepes were so delicate and the filling was so simple, but the dish just really hit the spot. To finish the meal, we received a plate of 4 small cookies for the two of us to share. They were buttery and tasty, and they also helped get the overwhelming taste of garlic out of my mouth.

Service was good and the ambience inside was cozy. It was a chilly night so we sat inside, but the outside patio space was adorable and looked like a great place to dine during warmer weather! Overall, I highly recommend Le Virtu for delicious Italian food on Passyunk.
I had higher hopes per all the rave reviews for this place, our experience, unfortunately wasn't of the majority.

We were seated in the rear near the kitchen, so sadly there wasn't as much ambiance back there as the front of the restaurant, it did overlook a little Al Fresco dining area, which would be great, however the prices are pretty steep for being in South Philly with inconsistent food. 

Our server was friendly and very attentive, made wonderful recommendations. However, the bus boy was VERY clumsy and definitely took away from the dining experience, he accidently put his finger in our olive oil, when he brought it to the table. When he was delivering and clearing the plates, there was a lot of loud clanging of the dishes together, which really interrupted our conversation and startled me a couple of times. Afterwards, he didn't wipe down our table top for the final course, which left splotches of 'said oil' all over the table.

Moving onto the food; The oil and bread for the table was not as memorable as we have had in other places. We felt it was unflavorful (We had to ask for pepper to spice it up a bit) and the bread was a little stale. The bus boy placed it down in front of us without as so much as a word, and left. (Per the restaurant's comment- it's clearly steeped in history, but again, we got nothing out of him)(FYI- I got a quick lesson about 25 year old balsamic vinegar at Del Posto, I still remember and appreciate it.) plus his finger in the oil made it that less appetizing. 

The $29 meat and antipasti platter was over priced and the selection all had the same fatty texture- I was surprised there wasn't a more diverse variety- after a brief schooling in fatty meats, fat is flavor/cured in-house, etc (per referenced below) I still prefer my fat rendered in a pan, not gelatinous in my mouth. The selection of meats were just not to 'our' cup of tea and we start of many dinners with this same platter. (Osteria, Mercato and even Tria does a charcuterie platter for a fraction of the price and they are really delicious!) I did however enjoy the antipasti which was a selection of pickled eggplant, artichoke, tomatoes and onions.

The Chilled Octopus Salad- I did know it was a cold salad, but cold octopi and potatoes are an unfamiliar combination to me, but it had did nice flavor.
The pasta dishes truly saved our bumpy start!
DH had the appetizer portion of the Maccheroni alla chitarra con ragu d'agnello- which was delicious pasta with lamb should ragu in a tomato sauce and for the main course, he had Maccheroni alla mugnaia- which was a garlic and olive oil pasta.  We really liked the variety of chili peppers are presented table side and you can use the scissors to spice up your plate, we WERE told it was the traditional Italian way to spice your meal in Italy- this is the first time I've seen this. DH got a little carried away with the peppers as they put out some intense heat! After eating all that pasta, I thought he would be overstuffed, but he said it was surprisingly light and just the right amount.

I had the Trota which is the ruby red trout with celery root and cauliflower purée- the fish was nicely cooked and the presentation was what I expected from the reviews- simply beautiful. It was a smidge over salted, but not bad. I do wish the skin was a little crispier as it was appeasing to the eye, but a little smooshy in texture, but I did enjoy it.

We don't stray far from center city, but the prices were not what we expected. Don't get me wrong, I'm ALL for paying for a great dining experience,( $14 glass of Basil Hayden- DH will still order it, because that's what he likes, but yikes!) quite honestly though, for nearly $200 ( sans dessert!) I feel we should have had a more enjoyable time.

I don't need the justification of a cost analysis on restaurant overhead. I get it, (excuse MY ignorance, but don't all restaurants have the similar costs regardless of location? Non? Do some places get discounts?) but some more interaction would have made the bill more palatable to absorb, is all.

I'm so confused as to how my fellow yelpers' experiences vastly differed from our evening there, it must have definitely been an off night or the post holiday lull. Just our luck:(

Did anyone else got the full run down of the owner's comments- table side?  We clearly did not, again a little more communication on the staff's part would have really made our experience dramatically different and much memorable. They are obviously passionate about their food, but we wouldn't have known either way. PLEASE... TELL me about the food. Too much information is better than no information at all! 

Like Francis stated- facts matter, BUT we were barely given any that night. 

Unless restaurants expect their patrons to be culinary experts when dining out....
I love the idea of eating outside.  Often, this doesn't work in Philly for a multitude of reasons:
1. weather--i don't enjoy
2. most outdoor seating places you in the middle of the sidewalk, to which crazy homeless people can come up and ask you for money, or people are just walking too close to you (hello? personal space?!?!) 

in any case, we lucked out with le virtu.  it was a warm not-too-humid Philly evening, coupled with Le Virtu's outdoor courtyard area made for a lovely dinner party setting.

i was more than thrilled with the antipasti selections: cured meats, octopus, bruschetta, and an amazing burrata were all to be shared.  house made pastas (including a gluten-free spaghetti option!) were perfectly al dente.  and the fried ricotta for dessert happily reminded me of beignets.

le virtu will easily become one of my outdoor dining selections!
I was excited to return to this place after so many years.... But I was a bit disappointed this time around.

First off let's start with the pluses: the amazing outdoor patio. Such a lovely little retreat. Wednesday was movie night. The weather the lovely candles. Ambience was so great.

The meal started off lovely. The croquettes were little balls of tastiness. The sausage with peaches was this perfect combo of salty and sweet.

But the main course... I'm not so sure what went wrong. We got the timpano (to go with the movie) and bucatini. Both dishes came out lukewarm. And with how layer-y the timpano is... It just all sort of gelled together.

I felt then a bit rushed at the end of the meal... Didn't seem like the place was packed especially at the end but it seemed like they just wanted us to gtfo.

And now, as I eat my leftovers I find a hair and eggshells in my food--and I know it's not either one of ours. And yes, I know it happens... But it's always a bit unnerving.
Gorgeous layout with well-crafted food.  My party of 2 got a table without reservations on a Sunday night (in the middle of Center City Restaurant Week).

Per previous reviewers, the staff did indeed seem quite jittery.  Based on interactions we witnessed, my guess is that the chef is a bit "Hell's Kitchen"-esque.  We attempted to place our order for drinks and appetizers, but were informed that the chef prefers all the food orders to be placed together and the waitress would give us a few minutes to make our entree decisions.  I completely understand wanting to time our food appropriately, but why would the waitress not simply wait to put in the order for the appetizer when we were ready to order?  

The food was very delicious and beautifully served in over-priced small servings.  

Ultimately, we will not be back, even for the spicy chocolate dessert ravioli.  The nervous atmosphere made it too much of an effort to enjoy our date night and the food, although delicious, did not justify the price or the atmosphere.
My husband and I had a reservation for Valentine's day but we were both sick that day so we rescheduled for this past Saturday. My husband was told only 5:15 and 9:00  were available, so we booked the 5:15 reservation. 

We arrive and are promptly seated at our table. We order drinks and our waiter goes over the menu with us and informs us they are substituting the gnocchi with another type of pasta. I was disappointed because I was considering getting that as my dinner, but not anymore. I asked my husband if the pastas are supposed to be dinners or just a starter plate, he said he thinks they are dinners. So my husband ordered the spinach fazzoletti with hen sausage Ragu, and I ordered the raviolini with sheep's milk ricotta and shaved black truffle. We decided not to get an appetizer because we wanted to get dessert. 

Our meals came out very fast, probably in less than 10 minutes, we were still eating our bread. I could not believe how small our meals were, it was ridiculous. My raviolis were so tiny and there wasn't that many either, and they were kind of hard, probably not cooked long enough. I was expecting them to be melt in your mouth soft. $40 is absolutely ridiculous for that small amount of food. I know black truffles are expensive but they could have at least put more pasta on the plate. My husband had slightly more food than me, but not a lot either. Both our meals were good but not worth the price. We ended up getting 2 desserts cause we were still hungry afterwards. 

We found out the next day that the pasta dish was just supposed to be the starter dish, and we were supposed to get the main dish as well. (A co worker ate here and made the same mistake as us.) Maybe that explained why our service wasn't that great and our waiter was somewhat cold. He should have informed us that the portions were so small. I would have ordered a different pasta if I knew it was going to be that small, for $40 I thought I was getting a decent sized meal. 

Also, there were a few empty tables next to us throughout the whole night. It didn't seem like they were as busy as they told us on the phone. I was still hungry even after the 2 desserts, I ended up getting a third dessert somewhere else on the way home and ate a snack later at night. 

Overall, the food tasted fresh and the flavors were good, but definitely overpriced.
We hadn't been here for years and read that the restaurant had a new chef and that things had really improved - well,  looking at my previous review - it doesn't look like it changed all that much !

We just weren't all that impressed.  The bill, including tip, came to around $90 per couple.  It was a Tuesday night, so we saved some money by bringing our own wine, Tuesday being the only night it's allowed (or at least without a corking fee.)

Like most Philadelphia restaurants, as the night wore on, the noise level increased and it became a little difficult to have a conversation but not all that bad.

But to the food.  Everything was OK to good but we were looking for something more than that.  We shared 3 appetizers, the most disappointing being the Salt cod with Gaeta olives, potatoes, frisèe, in a lemon vinaigrette. It just didn't have all that much flavor.  The Olive all'ascolana, breaded fried olives filled with braised porchetta, was OK and a special of a melted Abruzzese cheese was good.  (If I had read my own previous review, I would have skipped the olives !)

The Striscette alla pescatrice, a squid-ink striped tagliatelle with mussels, clams, calamari, shrimp and hot pepper was, to me, just spicy hot - no other real flavors coming through.

The Pollo al mattone, lemon-rosemary marinated game hen was cooked perfectly but nothing to write home about.  This could also be said of the Porchetta Roasted Berks County pork shoulder, with overly spicy cannellini beans and broccoli rabe.

The Lancaster County rabbit "porchetta" style, with braised lentils and chestnut ragu also fell into the good category.

With so many places in Philadelphia serving more exciting and flavorful dishes, we won't be in any rush to return.
A solid 3 1/2 start joint (graciously bumped up to a 4 mainly for the fact that everything is scratch made on premises) that I likely won't be pining to get back to due to the high prices and portions on the side of 'just shy of adequately sized.'

The high prices are justified by the freshness of the ingredients and the fact that they make all their pastas handmade and even cure their meats on site.  With that said, was my pasta good?  Definitely.  Was it blow-me-out-of-the-water?  Nahh.  Do I wish I came here instead for charcuterie and wine?  Yes.  Definitely one of those "drink a glass of handpicked red over a selection of the finest cheeses and meats this side of the Mississippi" type of places.  It does pasta well, but it allegedly does meat & cheese better, so perhaps my opinion would change if that's what I ordered instead.

I luckily DID get a taste of one of the soft cheeses, which was the burrata appetizer.  That was, to put it simply, heavenly.  Served with figs, I slopped it up on the (also amazing) homemade soft bread that we got in the beginning of the meal that was served with a rather flavorless (IMHO) olive oil (I was hoping for some seasoned oil).  The burrata was my favorite part of the meal, actually.

For entrées, we ordered the ravioli with a ragu and the squid ink pasta with seafood/shellfish (layman's terms, since I was not well-versed in the authentic Italian menu.  Side note: we joked about the "single strand pasta," cause isn't is all "single strand"?).  The ravioli was the smallest entrée out of the two and while my cousin was pleased with it, she wasn't wowed by the flavor.  If anything, it was too sweet.  Luckily a kind couple sitting next to us offered her their basket of dried chilis and scissors to sprinkle on some heat/flavor.  An odd feature, but better than tacky salt shakers full of crushed red pepper.  

My pasta looked beautiful (a double (!) strand of black and white) and was a delightful al dente.  I enjoyed that there wasn't so much of a sauce as there was a buttery seafood broth covering my dish - very light, yet it had depth.  The seafood itself was decent (one giant prawn on top with clams/mussels and calamari throughout), and I was pleased with my dish, but again, nothing wowed me.  

Dessert was heavenly, a not-too-sweet, pared down homemade, fluffy, creamy ricotta cheesecake with no unnecessary graham cracker crust (and I generally dislike Italian desserts).  My second favorite part of the meal.

Our server was friendly enough, but seemed way more interested in the party of 8-10 across from us (for obvious reasons), and requests for more water or checkups on the meal seemed few and far between.  He spoke too quietly in the very loud/cramped space and when I asked for a glass of pinot noir or pinot grigio, he would say, "I have [insert name I can't pronounce] which is sort of similar, so I'll bring that out."  Felt kinda wine snobbish to me.  However, the wine was fantastic, so good on him.

Minor complaint, but the place was stiflingly hot with the kitchen right next to the dining room and the patio doors were kept closed even though it was a nice night out.  Additionally, both of us were still kinda hungry later and had drunken munchie food only a few hours after.  For $75 a person with tip, it felt steep.  Maybe I'd go back for some charcuterie and wine, but I'd rather knock out a few other "Best of" Italian places in the city first.
Despite polarizing reviews from friends, my first experience was great.  So I suggested dinner here with an out of town friend, having raved about the octopus salad. 

I now realize the crummy reviews.  The staff were blase of our existence.  First, we had to find the hostess stand, which was tucked past the bar, and put our name in, understandably so with no reservation on a Friday night.

I was hoping our server had tables inside, because he couldn't have been less attentive, until I saw he was more communicative to the other tables around us.  After prompting him to take our order, he must have construed this as brusque behavior and went almost non-verbal.  In fact, the bussers and expediters were more cordial and attentive to us.  The food was tasty, though not as stellar as I remembered.  There was barely any octopus in the salad this second time around.

I decided it was an off night, that we got off on the wrong foot and couldn't recover, so we tried to depart as soon as we possibly could.  Sadly, I will not be recommending this to anyone, unless they are looking for a place to languish without attention :(
We went to LeVertu with a couple that we traveled with to Abrusso& Pulia Italy this past spring to reminisce all the wonderful food we enjoyed.  We weren't disappointed.

The pork belly was so delicious as was the cheese balls and 3different pastas.  I think you could close your eyes and point and have a memorable meal.

The service was efficient and helpful.  My one disappointment was the price of the wine.  We are partial to Montilpuciano de Abrusso and drink it offen.  Even with a reasonable restaurant markup you could find a great wine for much less.  Itdrives the price of a pasta dinner (delicious as it was) to an exorbitant level.  Please consider choosing a variety of price ranges.
it is a good spot, the food is very authentic of Abbruzzi.  The wines are a bit pricy, i.e. a fairly high mark up as compared to other restaurants.  I did see that some reviewers thougth the service was not up to par, however with our experience the service was fairly good and the server was very knowledgeable of the entire menu.  I had the stuffed olives to start and they were good stuffed with pork, good not great.  For entree I had pasta with black truffle, again good but not great and a bit salty.  We looked on the website and saw byob is only on tuesday but when we arrived on wednesday we saw other guests byob-ing and when i asked the server she told me that you can do it any night with a $10 corkage, which i wish they had put on the website.  Definitely worth a try.
We had our anniversary dinner here a few months back and our meal was impeccable.  My grandmother was from Abruzzo, so the food for me was highly nostalgic and authentic.  The restaurant itself was a bit on the noisy side and was not entirely intimate, but we enjoyed each other's company regardless. 

When we found out that Le Virtu had fresh pasta, we knew we needed to try it.  It was flavorful and slightly al dente with a very subtle chewiness to it - I'm still not sure how they pulled that combo off.  It paired seamlessly with some dried hot peppers and olive oil in our one dish and held onto the red sauce well in the other one.  The beets and pine nuts that we started with were really delicious, their salumi was made in-house, and the chicken that we split for our main course was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Our server was highly attentive and made some really good suggestions for us, given my food allergies.  

The things that are coming out of this kitchen are amazing.  Is the secret out about this place yet?  I hope this statement doesn't inadvertently insult the chef at Le Virtu, but I felt like we had Vetri-level food here without the astronomical price tag.  I'm definitely a fan.
EFFF YOU LABAN!!!! The lady and I visited Le Virtu during the winter and have sworn to come back because it may or may not have been one of the most delicious meals of my life.  Now, a return visit will likely require reservations far in advance because Craig LaBan had to go blow up our spot with 3 bells.  Way to go buddy.  In a town with some great Italian food, this one really stands alone and short of Vetri, which I have yet to make enough money to try, this is the best Italian meal hands down.  Fresh, authentic but a bit edgy and just freakin music to my taste buds.
After so many recommendations, I finally made it to Le Virtu, and I'm SO glad.  My only regret is waiting so long.  

 I had brought three guests to dinner here as overdue gifts and we shared everything.  Our only mistake was to over-order; the portions are generous.  We ordered the Affettati misti, a selection of house-cured salumi and assorted antipasti.  (side note: the chef was kind enough to honor my friend's request and allowed the two of us a peek into their spotless basement and a chance to see how they created and aged their meats! *see photo.  This dish was so full of greatness, we agreed it was already something to return for.  We also started with an order of fried olives which we agreed were tasty and original.
We ordered three Primi (pasta) courses for the four of us to share: the "Handkerchief" pasta, Pappardelle al ragu di coniglio and the Gnocchi affumicati.  The first two were perfect and seductive.  The gnocchi was good but unfairly rivaling the first two which were too good to compete with.  

By this point we were feeling regret for ordering 3 more dishes from the secondi section of the menu. Coniglio (the Whole Lancaster County rabbit "porchetta" style, braised lentil and chestnut ragu) ... the Stinco d'agnello (Braised Lancaster County lamb shank, saffron risotto, parsley-mint salsa verd)... and also the Porchetta
(Roasted Berks County pork shoulder, cannellini beans, broccoli rabe).
All three were WONDERFUL.  Personally, Im heading back for the lamb, which was so tender, juicy and flavorful.

Fortunately we forced ourselves to indulge in 2 desserts to share, the better was the chocoalate mouse with caramel and sea salt .... SO good.
I'm glad to have gone and I look forward to going back and ordering slightly less and leaving without having over indulged.   Places like this challenge any will power I may have when I walk in.

**service was outstanding.
PROS:  Fantastic service.  Very good homemade pasta.  Nice sound proofing so you can actually have conversation.  Extremely accommodating of dietary requests.  

CONS: Heavy, spicy food, not a lot of vegetables.

I liked a lot about this restaurant but sadly won't end up eating here often as the downside for me is the menu: I don't enjoy spicy food and nearly everything on the menu has serious kick to it.  Even dishes that the waiter described as extremely mild were not.  Also, there is not a lot of vegetable action going on here, which I find disappointing.  When I am ordering a lot of heavy pasta and meat, it would be nice to have some veggies to balance it out.  If you like spicy, heavy food, this is the place for you.
Went for restaurant week which I find a good way to sample many dishes. The place itself is really nice inside and was well lit. We were surprised that Le Virtu provided four courses so already we felt we were getting a bargain. The wait staff was very pleasant and very patient with my wife's food allergy concerns. The staff filled our water whenever it was needed. 

For the first course we had the Mussels and Calamari with beans and the Egg and Cheese Croquettes. The Mussels and Calamari were very good. The beans and sauce complimented the mussels and calamari well, although the bits of mussels and calamari were few and somewhat small. The Egg Cheese Croquettes were my favorite part of the meal. I would love to use them as meatballs in a pasta. The sauce they came in was excellent. Will have to go back one day and try a pasta with red sauce dish if this is any indication of the quality of their sauce. 

For the second course we that the Mugnaia (for 2) which is their single stranded pasta served with peperoncino, garlic, and EVOO. The sauce was great and the pasta was good but parts we felt were a little gummy and too al dente. 

For the third course we had the eggplant crepe and skate wing. We each shared a half so I was able to try both. The skate wing was very good and the sauce it came with was also very good. But my other favorite flavor of the meal was the eggplant crepe. The cheese and eggplant together with the cream sauce was a perfect combination. 

For dessert (the final course) we had the Chocolate Olive Oil Cake and the Panna Cotta. Both were delicious. 

Overall a nice experience in a section of Philly that I don't often get to. I'm going to in the future.
I have been here several times for dinner and to attend some of their special events. It is without a doubt the best Italian restaurant in the city. It duplicates the quality of the meals I had in several restaurants in the Abruzzo area of Italy. The food is on par with the meals my Nonna made when I was a younger. The Scrippelle M'Busse was so good it made me cry, just like Nonna's . Never take it off the menu. The staff has always been friendly and helpful, and reflect the true love for the food of Abruzzo. I hope to share many more meals with the great people at LeVirtu.
Phenemonal Italian food. Excellent service.

I ordered a fresh pasta dish with sausage. The pasta was perfectly executed. The sauce was insanely rich and buttery. The sausage was savory but not fatty. It had a fresher taste and texture than standard grocer sausage. 

I ordered the bordetto as my main. This was good, but not incredible. The dish is a cauldron of various shellfish in a tomato garlic sauce. I found the shellfish to be fairly well executed. But I just didn't find the dish super interesting.
I was really excited to eat here based on the the buzz I had been hearing, but ended up very disappointed. Please note that my review is coming from the view of a vegetarian, but may apply to anyone with dietary restrictions  as well. 
Being a frequent diner, I'm accustomed to not having a ton of vegetarian choices, but most restaurants find a way to accommodate me. 
Le Virtu has exactly one dish that's vegetarian. I didn't think it would be a problem because even at steakhouses, I've been able to work something out. 

First I asked if they could make their one non-meat dish, which was a small plate sized dish, into an entree sized dish. The answer was no. 
Then I asked if they could simply remove the meat component from one of their dishes. Nope. 
Then I asked if the chef can use their imagination and come up with an entree sized dish for me. Again, the answer was no. And not a polite no either...
The only option that was offered was to order the one small plate and to supplement the dish with a few vegetable side dishes at $10 a pop. That's what I did. 
I had heard so much about their "melt in your mouth" pasta and fortunately, the one vegetarian dish was a pasta dish. Basically, a small plate pasta with garlic and olive oil for $19. UNfortunately, the pasta was very rubbery in texture and the flavor was just average for a dish I've had numerous times at other establishments. The overpriced side dish was nothing special.  The wine was excellent. 
The service went from nice and professional to quite smug after my (imo, reasonable) requests. To say Le Virtu was a huge disappointment is an understatement. YMMV.
I chose le virtu for a very special dinner last night, we spent $50 on cab rifes to get there. It was a rare occasion when 6 people from 4 different cities had come together. We sat at the bar until our table got ready. Our bartender was great. The server said the chef had found some truffles that day and made it sound it was part of the entrees that night. My husband and I shared the shepherd style gnocchi which was delicious. The rest of the table got a pasta minus the sausage as their vegetarian entree. We then asked to share a Taccozzelle with lamb sausage instead of pork. This dish was less than what we expected so we sent it back. No one asked if would like something else. We were having a good time until then so we decided to ignore until the check arrived. We were not only charged for the pasta we sent back, there was $25 times 3 charge for black truffles and $30 for a white truffle.  All this was more than the price of the entrees. And as I am looking at the menu, black truffles should have been a part of three of our entrees. When I asked for an explanation, the server said he will talk to his manager and remove the charges for the one pasta we did not consume and he did. But really if you are going to charge $25 on top of $18 entree for something, should you confirm with the customers if they are ok with it? And I might have ignored this if they had at least offered us a chance to get another entree after we sent ours back. I had high expectations from you le virtu! I am very disappointed.
Tonight I tried Le Virtu for the first time with my girlfriend. The website makes a huge deal about how high quality the pasta is. We ordered 2 pasta dishes that were both mediocre at best. The texture of my girlfriends pasta was nothing short of offensive. Good pasta is soft, not chewy and hard. Also both entrees were a joke. I had their "special" dry-aged NY strip...horrible isn't the word. My girlfriend had chicken which was so bad she only took 2 bites and the waiter still didn't remove it from the bill (although I would never ask because I will just never return instead). The bread was stale and olive oil tasted worse then any I can remember. They don't season their food. No attention to detail. My girlfriend was getting very upset about the waiter walking past her repeatedly and failing to fill her empty glass with more water. All around this is by far the worst restaurant I have been to all year. 

If you want to know whether my review actually has merit or if I just like to talk negatively then please see all of my Philly restaurant photos on my Instagram: finediningandnature
Wow. Totally blown away by the atmosphere, service, AND food! Took the BF for his birthday, as he LOVES the pasta. And we're already dying to go back! 

Atmosphere: 5. Patio outside is lovely. Seating inside is dark (but not too dark), intimate, and not at all stuffy. Ask to be seated by the windows for the best of both worlds. 

Service: 5. Our server was great, answered all of our questions. Corrected our pronunciation when we ordered, which I found a little off-putting, but now I know to call it "brusketta" at Le Virtu.

Food: 5. Dishes ranged from a 4-5, but overall the meal was truly memorable. Started with the "brusketta" and the palotte. Although the first was good, we wouldn't order it again, as the bread on the table was amazing and sufficient. The palotte (egg & cheese croquettes) were INCREDIBLE - one of the highlights. For primi we had lobster spaghetti and the maccheroni with lamb ragu. The first was again good (fresh, light), but there are other things on the menu I would rather try next time. The maccheroni was friggin' delicious. Easily one of the top 5 dishes I have EVER had in Philly. I would go back for this alone! For secondi we had the porchetta and the brodetto. Both were really good, but we would also be interested in trying other dishes! 

To sweeten everything, we were there on a Monday - one of the best deals in the city! Why is no one talking about this? 3 courses (YOU CHOOSE) for $35/person! Crazy. And... we happened to be there on a night with half priced bottles. Total bill was just over $100, for one of the best meals I've had. Ever. 

Love Le Virtu!
My definition of five stars is that it's worth driving across town for.  That's La Virtu.

The locale is beautiful -- or as they say in Philadelphia, "BU-tee-full."  Kateri, our server, was great.  She had real opinions about the dishes and steere us to three options that we loved.

After drinks -- a Negroni and a Broad Street -- we started with 'palotte cacio' (cheese and egg balls in a tomato sauce), an iconic Abruzzo dish.I'd never even heard off palotte cacio before.  They were terrific.

For the pasta course we had fettucine in a sauce of spring greens, garlic, walnuts, and parmigiano reggiano -- the lightest, most wonderful pasta sauce I maybe have ever had in my life.  It was so good we considered going back the following night.  

The segundo was a swordfish, shrimp and various shellfish in a wonderful tomato and pepper broth.  Think San Francisco-style cioppino minus the potatoes, but way tastier.

At a certain point the manager opened the double doors to the courtyard and the meal got even better.  

This was a lovely evening -- great food, lovely ambience, great service and even better company.

And that's why we Ubered across town to eat at La Virtu.  LV and the Barnes Foundation were the highlights of our visit to Philadelphia.
I ate at Le Virtu over two years ago and the fact that I still dream about the meal is what prompted me to finally write a review. You know the food is really good when two years pass by and I still remember the squid-ink pasta dish I ordered. Even in a great food city such as Philadelphia, it is hard to find pasta that's as fresh and perfectly cooked as at Le Virtu.
When I got to Le Virtu with my best friend, we had learned our reservation had gotten lost. The staff was extremely apologetic and offered to buy us a round of drinks for the inconvenience. We didn't mind as long as we were still able to get a seat, which we did at the bar. This turned out to be great because we watched the Oscars Red Carpet show with Tre the bartender. 

It was East Passyunk's first Restaurant Week but the menu options were limited, so we opted out. Instead, we started with the Affettati misti, a selection of our house-cured salumi and assorted antipasti. There were your standard proscuitto and salamis, but then there were extremely interesting meats including mixed game salami (deer, goat, etc.) and spreadable salame. My faovrite was the duck prosciutto though. 

For my entree, I got the tagliatelle with rabbit ragu, which is one of my favorite dishes. Le Virtu's handmade pasta makes all the difference though. The tagliatelle was soooo thin and cooked perfectly - as was my friend's gnocchi. She had originally ordered the agnolotti but Tre had entered the wrong thing, so she made us a tasting portion to take home for her mistake. So nice! 

We debated having dessert, but thank goodness we did! BEST CARROT CAKE I'VE EVER HAD. With a cup of Lavazza coffee, it was the perfect ending to my night. I can't wait to come back.
Oh to give 3 stars or 4 stars when you really feel it should be 3.5.....

We got a reservation on a Thursday evening, hoping to be able to sit outside on the patio and enjoy the weather, but there was some sort of an event going on which prevented us from doing so.  Bummer.  The service indoors was excellent though and we quickly forgot about it.

The two kinds of bread served were good, my wife & I both commented on the interesting type, not sure exactly what it was.  We opted to share a couple appetizers then split a pasta which ended up being plenty food for us.  We had the fried rice balls which were very tasty.  About halfway through them though I recalled meat ragu being apart of the description, but I didn't see or taste any...just lovely saffron, mozzarella, & rice.  We also had the charred octopus salad with lemon vinaigrette, which was very good and interesting with the inclusion of potatoes.  For our pasta we split the farro risotto, with clams, mussels, and shrimp, with roasted tomato, red onion, almond pesto.  This was very good and the highlight of the meal.  

All in all it was perfectly fine, but nothing really knocked me over either.  The service was superb so that will keep it on the list when we're in the mood for Italian and find ourselves in the neighborhood again.
I jumped in my time machine and felt like i was back in Italy while dining at le virtu last nite. I was warned that this meal would be life changing and ignored everyone who exclaimed  its the best italian place in the city. Having been to Italy I would respond with something sarcastic like " I've been to the boot aka the mother land of pasta so anything this side of the atlantic just won't do"
Like a sinner converted to a bible thumper I am now a soul believer in all things le virtu. After a pampering day My friend and i were famished and in need of food. Since we didn't have a reservation we grabbed two seats at the bar. 
After waiting a few minutes our friendly bar tender came over and dropped off some menus and a wine list. LOVE the wine list some really great options by the glass and bottle. i chose the Capersano (sangiovese and moltopulciano blend) YUM.
We started with the Pecorino starter, that came with giant slices of pecorino garnished with granny smith apples and chestnut honey. The apples were the best pairing and the sprinkling of almonds made this an incredible appetizer. 
Pastas were all the rave ... I chose the raviolis with ricotta  and pears. Pillows of perfection that literally melted in my mouth OMG dreamt about them last night. 
My friend did the pasta with pecorino and  spicy olive oil. It was great but not as good as my ravioli DAMN .
No dessert because i almost pulled a fat girl check in and licked my plate clean. But i ended my meal with a double espresso and was satisfied. I must return IMMEDIATELY
The Why:  Located on East Passyunk and raved by many to make the best pasta in a town where Marc Vetri and Peter McAndrews each own more than a couple of restaurants I simply had to investigate for myself; was it really possible that the small Abruzzese inspired Le Virtu was the best in town?  Owned, operated, and helmed by Americans all well-traveled and trained in Abruzzo with ingredients both indigenous to Italy and from local farms, fields, and fisheries and armed with an ethos based on the Slow Food traditions the reviews and the expectations were admittedly high.

The Setting:  Dark and perhaps (to some) romantic, the feel of Le Virtu was heavy - lots of wood, thick oil paintings on the wall, and hefty linens with sturdy chairs and candles plus overhead lighting providing a light glow.  Packed to capacity and with a patio recently opened to the nice weather I'll additionally say the place was quite loud.

The Service:  While the owner herself was impressively friendly in stopping around to each table throughout the evening I personally found the service at Le Virtu to be perfunctory at best.

The food:

Ricotta di pecora collo zafferano di Navelli:  I like cheese, but only a handful of presentations have truly wowed me to the extent that this first taste of menu did.  Described simply as imported sheep's-milk ricotta infused with Navelli saffron and served with chestnut honey and toasted almonds this smooth yet slightly funky cheese was literally as smooth as butter with heavy aromatics from the saffron deftly balanced by the sweetness of the honey and smoky almonds.  Easily edible on its own but even better on the grilled bread I'd be hard pressed to name three cheese courses I've enjoyed more anywhere.

N'duja:  The lowlight of the meal for myself, largely because my stomach simply wasn't up to it after so much food throughout the day, this Calabrese salame spread accompanied by grilled rustic bread, and vegetables agrodolce was simply like canned heat - a plethora of spices that I couldn't place and our server couldn't enlighten me with.  Thankful that my dining buddy seemed to enjoy this dish as much as I enjoyed the Ricotta everything worked out nicely, but for my part I prefer N'duja with something more to cut the heat.

Taccozzelle:  Beginning with a base of thick al dente noodles paired with house-made Abruzzese-style sausage and finished with a light sauce of olive oil, porcini mushrooms, black truffles, and Navelli saffron my first bite of pasta from Le Virtu was an aromatic assault on the palate with the ribbons of soft dough largely serving as a delivery mechanism for the beautiful blend of earthy notes and slightly spicy sausage.  A rich dish, as with the majority of those at Le Virtu, I was happy to have someone with whom to share.

Gnocchi affumicati:  One of the many courses on the menu blending local goods with those imported and anchored by the tender smoked potato gnocchi the highlight of this plate was actually the thick ragu of Lancaster Co. lamb shoulder and olives topped lightly with pecorino canestrato from Abruzzese, a decidedly savory composition brought in check by the assertive acidity of the tomatoes.

Agnolotti alla porchetta:  Featuring slow roasted pork with crispy skin packed inside of delicate agnolotti and topped with sage, butter, black truffles, and crushed amaretti cookie this dish sold itself and although I found the truffles a bit understated it would be hard to quibble with any aspect of this dish otherwise.  Rich and hearty yet delicate and balanced I certainly understand how Le Virtu's pastas draw comparison to the best in town.

Semifreddo al torrone di cioccolato:  Unable to pass on dessert we opted for this $12 selection and although nicely paired with salted caramel sauce, caramel toffee, and whipped cream the texture of the semifreddo was a bit more 'cakey' than I was used to - a slightly sticky mouthfeel that although rich with chocolate simply seemed more like angelfood than ice cream, a matter of style perhaps, but not what I'd expected from past experience.

Ricotta Fritta:  Four deep fried and dense bites, somewhere between a doughnut and fried cheesecake, these ricotta dumplings were outstanding - each one delightful on its own but even better when dipped into the lemon cream sauce at its side.

The Verdict:  although I did not love the service, setting, or everything we were served at Le Virtu that evening there are certainly things to love about any restaurant choosing to focus on such a specific and underrepresented region, especially one with such devout beliefs in quality and sourcing.  Dollar for dollar not as good an experience as Modo Mio and bite for bite not as wowing as Vetri I'd still consider going back to Le Virtu in the future if only for some cheese and pasta...besides, in 99% of North American cities it would easily be the best Italian restaurant in town.
My boyfriend and I came to Le Virtu a couple weekends ago. He surprised me with reservations and I couldn't wait to see East Passyunk. I really hadn't heard much of anything, and I was very excited when we stopped in front of Le Virtu.

The restaurant is very no frills while still being classy. Cozy Italian. 

To start we shared the grilled radicchio with a balsamic glaze on top of burrata...absolutely delicious. The sweet glaze offset the bitterness of the grilled radicchio, and the burrata was just amazing. We also shared the charred octopus salad. The salad was very fresh, and the octopus cooked great. However, I would have liked the octopus in bigger pieces since I felt they got a bit lost in the salad.

For our main I got the agnolotti with porchetta and sage in a buttery sauce. You could definitely tell the pasta was homemade, and the portion was perfect. Not too big like at other Italian restaurants. I finished my plate and didn't feel uncomfortably full. My only complaint was that the pasta was a bit too al dente for me, I tend to like my pasta cooked a bit more. My boyfriend had the tagliatelle with rabbit ragu. He loved his as well.

Overall, a great experience. Good food and good service. Wish it wasn't so far.
Took a friend visiting from New York for dinner at Le Virtu. The menu is focused on Abruzzo cuisine and its concept of "sea and mountain."

Of all the things we tried, I absolutely LOVED the porchetta. The pork belly was to die for. The seasoning was amazing, and it was so tender. Sometimes I find myself daydreaming about it while sitting in lecture.

My friend also loved his brodetto (seafood stew).

Even more stand-out than the food, I think, was the service. We were seated at the very front of the restaurant, so it was a bit isolated since the bulk of the seating was towards the back, behind the bar, but our waiter stopped by frequently and regularly to check up on us  and did a great job on keeping pace with the courses.
I am a picky eater (mostly vegetarian), so am always skeptical when it comes to restaurants with "fancier", more unique menus. Not only did le virtu have great vegetarian options, the service was off the charts amazing. Our waitress was attentive, friendly and very knowledge about the menu (even offering historical tidbits round various menu items.)

I recommend this place highly to picky and non-picky eaters alike!!
Le Virtu is consistently my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. Chef Cicala and his crew deliver meals that are not simply delicious and interesting but are also accompanied by excellent service and care. Whether dining at the bar, in the dining room, or on the beautiful terrace; I find my experience at Le Virtu to be exceptional. 

I've probably enjoyed dinner at Le Virtu a dozen or more times. Our most recent meal found us sharing a burrata appetizer. The cool and creamy cheese was the perfect start to our meal, accompanied by a glass of Glera (on tap). My companion had the pork chop special- the bartender explained that the restaurant had butchered a whole hog and that the pork chop special was sourced from this. My boyfriend was a little bit nervous as he doesn't ordinarily order pork when dining out. Once the dish was served, he declared it to be 'epic'. I don't eat beef, pork, chicken (etc) and didn't have the opportunity to taste his dish. I chose the pasta (bucatini maybe?) with lobster knuckles. Wow- the lobster was so rich and indulgent. The pasta, as always at Le Virtu, had the most perfect toothsome texture. The dish included fresh corn and tomatoes-  it was truly summer in a bowl. Sublime.

I recommend Le Virtu to everyone. I've not once had a morsel of poor quality. I've celebrated many occasions with a meal at Le Virtu- as a matter of fact we have a reservation booked to celebrate a birthday tonight. I hold this restaurant in high regard and reading some of these reviews is really disheartening. Professional restaurant reviewers are obviously tasked with conducting due diligence including building their knowledge of a cuisine or region prior to beginning the process of reviewing a restaurant. Professional reviewers are knowledgeable of ingredients and seasonality. In defense of my favorite restaurant I'd like to say that as a satisfied regular customer, it appears to me that many patrons who later write poor review here simply aren't knowledgeable. Do people expect a red-gravy south philly joint when they book a reservation at a restaurant honoring the Abruzze region?  Do people even bother?

 Given that I've eaten so many high quality meals at Le Virtu, I honestly can't see any other source of the poor reviews. I'm looking forward to another fine meal tonight.
Some of the best pasta in Philly?  This place needs a little work on some of the basic cooking NO-NOs.  I came here with my Dad for some nice father-daughter time.  We had heard all about the recent praise Le Virtu was receiving and our curiosity was piqued.
My meal started out with quite fantastic apps of N'juda, their spicy, spreadable salame with rustic bread.  It was fab! A little unexpected served cold and in a cool little jar, but tasty with the right amount of spicy nonetheless. My Dad got their special beet salad served with gorgonzola which was quite nice as well.
Then came the problems:
I can find no excuse for when a dish is over salted.  It's such an easily avoidable mistake!  I ordered the Maccheroni alla mugnaia.  I was expecting a simple yet delicious presentation and I was sadly disappointed.  The long strand of hand-pulled pasta was interesting enough, but was slightly doughier than expected.  It was severely lacking garlic which I found surprising because hey, the more garlic the better I usually find.  However the most unpalatable aspect of the dish was the intense saltiness.  I tried to overlook it, but it was way way too much.  Such a tragedy.
My dad's pasta dish was better yet still missing key things.  He ordered the Agnolotti alla porchetta which contains porchetta, sage, butter, black truffle, and crumbles of amaretti (yes the cookies).  Couldn't taste the sage, the cookie crumbles came off as odd and there was no black truffle flavor to be found! We could not even smell the truffles and everyone who has ever had truffles in a dish before knows that uber-distinct smell.
The dessert and coffee were excellent: a baked crostata with apples and a rosemary-honey goat milk gelato was presented perfectly.
Service was very attentive and satisfactory.
Overall I was sadly let down with regards to their pasta dishes.  However, the outside area on the side of the restaurant looks interesting enough to possibly warrant a return visit during the summer!
We wanted to take my dad out for a nice dinner to celebrate his 60th birthday, and my grandmother highly recommended Le Virtu so we decided to take him there.  For those who don't want to read the whole long review, I'll just summarize by saying the food was really good, but the service was absolutely horrible; one of the worst I have ever experienced.

We made our reservation for 8 people + 1 toddler for 5 pm, purposely making a very early reservation to try to minimize the time it would take to accommodate a large party considering we had our 13 month old with us.  When we got there the table was set up for 8 people, but did not include a chair for my daughter which I specifically requested when I made the reservation b/c we always bring our own booster seat for her. Since it was so early there was pretty much nobody in the restaurant when we got there and it didn't start to fill up until about an hour into the meal.

I understand that we were a large group who ordered appetizers and entrees, but since we were pretty much the only people in the restaurant when we got there I think it took WAY too long to get our food.  We ended up being there over 2 hours, and that was with bringing our own dessert since my dad is diabetic and I had gotten a sugar free cheesecake for him.  

I ordered pasta for my daughter and specifically asked that they bring a pasta that would be easy for her to pick up and eat with her hands like macaroni or penne.  The waiter said no problem, he would bring her a kids pasta which sounded perfect to me.  Well, after waiting about an hour and 15 minutes to get our entrees, my daughter was STARVING and extremely antsy, wanting to run around the restaurant.  Since it wasn't too busy I walked around with her trying to keep her busy during our overly long wait... Well, I was rudely told by the manager to keep her at our table, which I tried to do despite the ridiculous wait.  When our food FINALLY arrived, they had forgotten my daughter's food!!!  Then, instead of telling me they forgot it, they told me it would be right out and I watched the waiter walk up to the chef and have him get started on her food.  In the meantime I cut my pasta into small pieces and fed it to her by hand since it was the ribbon pasta that isn't easy to pick up.  When they finally brought her food out about 10 minutes later, not only was it steaming hot which isn't appropriate for a 13 month old, but it was spaghetti which is NOT easy to pick up!  I was so angry at that point that I refused to take it and just shared my pasta with my daughter.  The waiter didn't even apologize when I pointed out that she couldn't pick it up and I specifically asked for a pasta that was easy to pick up, all he said was that was all they had.  If he had told me that to start with, it would have been a different story, but since he told me he'd bring her something easy to pick up that's what I expected.  

Then, when it was time for dessert this idiot waiter brought out dessert menus even though I had brought a sugar free cake, and then gave me an attitude when I reminded him that I brought my own dessert.  Since they charged me $2/person for the cake, I expected them to put the slices onto plates (it was pre-sliced) and bring them out for everyone, with a candle in my dad's slice.  Instead, they brought out the whole cake on a plate, dropped it in front of my dad with the candle, and then my dad had to serve the cake to everyone!  

Considering we spent about $400 on dinner (entrees & appetizers for 8 and + 2 bottles of wine and a couple beers + tip) I expected a much nicer experience and much less attitude.  I don't care how good the food is, there are plenty of places downtown I can go to get great food that has much better service with a much better attitude.  I would definitely NOT recommend coming here.
When they first opened, I was a regular, I loved it. The food was very good, and the staff was friendly and pleasant. Then I had an unpleasant experience with the manager. Okay, that can happen anywhere, once in a while. I went back,  and had a similar experience. I had liked it so much, I gave it another try, and it was worse. The manager was unfriendly and unpleasant, which did not make for a pleasant experience. 

The food is still good, but the attitude is inexcusable. Since the manager is family it's unlikely they will make a change, which is unfortunate. Several other reviews reflect similar experiences, I hope you do something about it, I'd love to be a regular again!

I won't be back unless it changes.
Experience was almost glorious. Aside from the barkeeps "Indian Pale Ale" gaff, capable but not a student of the Art, the staff was affable and competent.
 Our waiter, for a table of seven, was a true pro. Never a moment passed when anyone was in need of anything. 
Aside from sis's ScIrpelle soup delay. It gave us all time to "share" it, after our antipasto.
 Transitions were smooth and timely. Entrees were indeed worth the $$$. Country Farm(Berks County), assumed pasture raised, pork sampler special was great. Seasoned to perfection and properly done. Monkish with mussels and clams was devoured. Pasta was comparable to most homemaders. Nana was best.
 
 Fine wine and beer selection. Avery Maharaja's Imperial IPA was out.  Often a tough find anywhere east of the Rockies. Plenty of fine substitutions.
  Parking was easy enough for a Friday.
Incredibly fresh and authentic food but Le Virtu takes itself a little too seriously charging hefty prices for really good peasant food from southern Italy.

Service is awkward and ambience is a little cliche.  It almost seems like everything is $10 too high in order to keep out riff raff.  Maybe that's the point.

Really good antipasto and beer at the bar seems like the way to go.  The barkeep who looks like Ron Jeremy is really cool.

UPDATE 4/10/09:  The owner asked that I remove his personal comment to me, which I had previously posted here.  So I did.
A-OK in my book. 3.5 Yelps.  
Four of us went for NYE dinner.  I believe I was one of 2 who enjoyed their meal thoroughly.  Know that it is a different kind of Italian.  Fresh and homemade but def different. Let me start by saying that the best dishes of the night were the apps.  They were awesome! Risotto balls and some sort of egg and cheese croquettes that the waiter recommended- great job.  Loved them.  As a group, we ordered the rabbit, which i thought was the best entree, the single strand spaghetti, the ravioli special, and the gnocchi.  The gnocchi aren't really potato gnocchi, but rather flat pasta.  Confused me as I guess we expected it to be shaped like an gnocchi.  Our meal was good though, Again I really liked the Rabbit.  The service was also good.  Not a bad stop, especially if your not looking for traditional gravy.
I really wanted to like this restaurant more.

The low rating is not for the quality of the food (which was pretty good) but for the bad service.

I am pretty tolerant of poor service - sometimes restaurants are short staffed or people have a bad day - I got it, life happens.  But the problems with service seemed to go way beyond a bad night.

We were brought the wrong wine, the entrees did not come out together (pasta orders came out at once, meat orders came about more than 5 minutes later) and on and on.  It was uncoordinated service with an attitude.

The food was tasty, a few things over-seasoned, but definately not worth the money paid and the terrible service received.
I have NEVER had such horrible, DISRESPECTFUL SERVICE. The waiter failed to asked if we wanted refilled on our drinks after it was obvious they were empty. We spent a few hundred dollar on our meal and while we were finishing up the manager came over to us and told us he had an 8 party waiting and basically asked us to get up. We were celebrating a birthday and a card with money went missing. We asked the waiters if they saw the card and they all claimed they had not. A card does NOT just go missing with money in it. I will NEVER go back there. I can't believe the how poor the service was after you pay a fortune for a meal. I would not recommend this place to anyone, regardless of the ratings.
Le Virtù is a highly rated Abbruzzese Italian restaurant on the lower part of East Passyunk Avenue.  Most people know it for its large mural depicting a wedding dance in Central Italy on the building bordering its outdoor dining patio.  But of course in winter, the action is inside and Le Virtù has enough room to accommodate the many people wanting to eat and drink within its walls.  I had a very tasty meal there recently.  It wasn't completely a five-star wow but it was excellent food nicely served.  If I had any one suggestion, I wish portion sizes could be at least a little bit larger.  But that's not going to happen in a restaurant like Le Virtù.  My meal started off with an order of Palott cac' e ove.  The two croquettes were small but tasty.  The pasta course was the well-known handmade Cecamariti al pesto di pistacchi.  The addition of a hot chili oil here gave these "husband blinders"  the right flavor.  I closed with a bowl of Brodetto.  This was very nicely seasoned and had a small variety of seafood.  But couldn't it have had a little more broth on a cold winter's night?
In early 2017, I placed a reservation for Valentine's day, but the weekend before, my wife and I both caught a cold.  I was surprising my wife, so she didn't know the venue, but I decided that we should postpone until the following weekend.  I already confirmed that we would make our reservation, but then I contacted Fred back and he said it would be ok to cancel.  We made a new reservation for Saturday, but I could only get one at 5:15.

We wanted to get dessert, so we skipped on the anitpasti.  I ordered the Fazzoletti verdi con ragu di faraona, which was spinach pasta with a guinea hen ragu.  My wife ordered the Raviolini di tartufo nero, containing sheep's milk ricotta ravioli with shaved black truffles. Both of our entrees came out surprisingly fast.  Fresh pasta only takes a few minutes too cook, but this was just a few minutes.  The portions were smaller than we were expecting, but the flavors were spot on.  My meal wasn't what I pictured, but it was so much better.  Everything on the dishes complimented each other.  We ordered desserts and went with the two, since we thought the portions might have been smaller than we are used to.  We split the Torta di ricotta and the Bocconcini di tartufi.  The cheesecake had this great blood-orange honey sauce, but the cheesecake was a bit too cold for me.  The espresso filled bon bons were also colder than I was anticipating.  

I was conflicted about a three or four star rating.  The biggest issue for me was the service.  Our water glasses were filled once early on, but then never again for the rest of the meal.  That's pretty unacceptable to me.  I also really wanted to go here for the gnocchi and right away the waiter told us there wasn't any gnocchi that night.  Other than that, the flavors and quality of the entree was good enough to justify a four...  Probably wouldn't be back on our own, but if we ever had friends having a birthday or something there, we would go back.
Le Virtu has been at the top of my list for some time now and I mean on my literal, "I need to eat here list". Unfortunately, getting over to that area is never easy for me but a bunch of my ladies and I decided to take the hike and were not disappointed one bit. 

First off, it's a really cute place. We felt very welcome by everyone we spoke to through the evening from the hostess to our waitress to our bartender. They also have a huge outdoor space which I fully intend to come back and enjoy more of. 

After looking over the whole menu, we all decided we needed some pasta for our mains and shared a bunch of appetizers to start. We shared the burrata, the egg and cheese croquettes, and the N'duja (the spreadable house made sausage). For me the winners were the croquettes and the house made sausage. The croquettes were simply heaven and as I loved the spreadable sausage, I wished I had more of an idea as to how spicy it would be. I loved it but it definitely had some unexpected kick! As far as the burrata, it was good but i've had much better. I could have gone without this one. 

On to the pastas... I choose the maccheroni with a lamb ragu and wow, it was delicious. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. The pasta was perfect, the lamb was delicious but not over powering in a light tomato sauce. Loved this one. I also tried and loved the gnocchi with smoked lamb sausage and ricotta but be mindful, this is a creamy /rich dish for sure. I'd image myself loving this dish even more on a cool fall evening. The last standout was the Taccozelle which had sausage, porcinis, black truffles and saffran. Loved the flavors in this one. I might need to get this one on my next visit. 

At the end of the evening, I was happy, full, a lil tipsy and satisfied. What more could I ask for? I'll be back soon!
We went for happy hour which was a good deal - $3 beers, $5 wines, $7 cocktails, and food specials under $5. Croquettes were delicious!  Pork shoulder was great.  Tuesdays are BYO nights, or you can BYO any other night for a $10 corkage fee. Great to know!  Will be back for sure.
This place is bad...wait for it...ass. 

If you want AUTHENTIC italian food, this is the place to go.  I cannot tell you how much the fare at this location reminded me of my trips to Italy.   I unfortunately only had a short meal here, but I will be back for a full course dining experience to fully partake of everything that looked delicious on the menu.    

The other 3 members of my party were in complete agreement with me in between the sound of their chomping away.  

Service was very good, ambiance was above average.  

Only detraction was that the bar area had a cellar-ish smell to it, but we sat outside.
We had the pleasure of dining at Le Virtu on Friday night and WOW it was fabulous. Everything sounded delicious, so we ordered and passed the plates, the pastas were cooked to perfection and I had the Grilled Octopus salad and really want more more more.  Our service was great and Kudos to Cathy Lee and her husband this restaurant is one we will keep going back to.
Great food but horrible service. Our waiter ignored us and then added a bunch of stuff to our bill...we were a bigger party so not sure what the intent was, but we corrected it. Although ambience and food were great, would not return due to the poor service.
We would come to Le Virtu more often if it were not so difficult to park in the neighborhood. Pasta lovingly prepared to showcase all of the freshest and most beautiful elements it accompanies. A very well rounded and unique wine cellar completes your experience.
Le Virtu
A good meal, good wine and good atmosphere...
This is what I wanted when I wanted to go out Sunday night.  We chose Le Virtu in South Philadelphia and it did not disappoint.
The menu was rustic, earthy and very interesting.  That's what I wanted trying a new place.
We started out with:
Affettati Misti and Insalata di polipo
Very tasty all the way around, a great variety on the aged salami's....and the best part while eating our starters was the waiter allowed us to take our time.  We were not rushed or pushed onto our next course. 
My main course:
Gnocchi al pastor scannese
Can you say filling and delish!!!  Take your time and enjoy each and every bite.  They took the time to make it for you, so take your time and enjoy it.
We chose two nice bottles of red wine, with assistance from the waiter.  Both of these fit in nicely with our meals.  

Overall:
I would go back again, actually we are looking forward to it and hopefully when the nice weather comes, we can choose to sit outside.  
To bring up one negative, was when we initially sat down, it did take the waiter an extra amount of time to offer us any beverages other then water.  
If you want to take your time, enjoy a nice meal and not rush...Le Virtu is the place for you.  If not, the local pizza parlor is right around the corner.  Enjoy!!!
Very nice! I can understand why this is Craig La Ban's third favorite restaurant in this city.  The atmosphere is quiet and romantic, which is difficult on Passyunk Avenue.  The service is impeccable.  And the food ....!!!! Amazing.  

Braised egg and cheese croquettes were light as a feather and smothered in lovely tomato sauce.  The homemade pappardelle was probably one of the best pastas I've ever had, and the porcetta was soooo tender!  

Dessert - meh.  Chocolate semifreddo was flaky, too cold, too large, tasteless and just weird. Thankfully our awesome waiter, Andrew, took it off our bill.  The service and delicious food was more than satisfying.
Such a disappointing experience at Le Virtu tonight.  Our delicious meal was spoiled when we were asked to leave our table shortly after our dessert was cleared.  I am very aware of "lingering" when others are waiting for tables and that is not what happened here.  This was just embarrassingly bad service at what I had previously thought was a very good restaurant.  

My party of three arrived on time for our 6:30 reservation.  We ordered and ate three appetizers, three entrees, and two desserts.  We shared two bottles of wine.  Eating a meal that large takes time.  Eating a meal that large is also expensive, and at least part of what we were paying for was space at a (two person, actually) table.  Our waiter asked us to leave less than ten minutes after our dessert was cleared-- I literally put down my fork, went to the restroom for a tissue, and when I got back to the table he was there saying, "I hate to be a jerk, but I need this table.  You can finish your drink at the bar if you want."  We had been there 2 hours and 15 minutes, which I don't think is an inappropriate amount of time for a meal with three courses made to order.  This was Le Virtu, not Olive Garden.  Quality meals take time.  

We complained to the manager (owner? not sure) as we left.  Rather than apologizing, she told us, "There was someone with a reservation waiting at the bar for almost a half an hour and this has happened to them before!"  Regardless of how the food tasted-- which at this point seems totally irrelevant to me-- the whole experience left me with a bad taste it my mouth.  Le Virtu has long been a neighborhood favorite of mine; I've recommended it many times to friends and neighbors.  Unfortunately, I don't know that I'd feel comfortable going back now.
Many people have lauded Le Virtu for excellent food, service, atmosphere, etc. Seconding all of that. My favorite thing about this restaurant? Chef Joe Cicala, given a couple of day's notice, will make fresh gluten free pasta for you! For anyone with a gluten allergy, this is a must-experience in Philly. A truly special dinner..
Nice atmosphere, but the food is lacking flavor.
Everything needed a little more something. 
We were all looking for the salt.!! 
Does not have the depth or flavor of actual authentic Italian cuisine. 
Not like what you get in Italy.. sorry.
Plus the Manager was abrasive to us and fawning over his friends.
Won't be back.  
Go to Paradiso or L'Angolo.  More Flavorful food and much friendlier people.
I wanted to update my review, since my latest experience here blew me out of the water.  Everything from start to finish was perfect.  It helped that we got sat in the beautiful outdoor patio area by the garden with the strung lights - very romantic.

Our server was extremely knowledgeable about the wine and helped us pick what to get based on our personal preferences/food choices.  

As for food, last time I visited was in October and the menu has completely changed since then, which means it rotates seasonally and that's always a nice plus.

To start, we split the lamb skewers appetizer.  Adorable presentation and the meat was so juicy and flavorful, it practically fell off the skewers.  Spicy dipping sauce was dope.  Homemade warm bread and olive oil for the table is also still delicious.

For entrees, everything on their menu sounded delicious, but we opted for their specials of the night.  I got the tilefish in a tomato broth and my BF got the octopus/sausage pasta dish.  Both were absolutely fantastic.  My tilefish was so delicate and cooked perfectly and had a delectable light tomato/chickpea broth.  The pasta was creamy and decadent with the "wow!" pops of the grilled octopus and sausage that's scratch made on premises.

For dessert, I was REALLLLYYY looking forward to their amazing ricotta cheesecake, but unfortunately it wasn't on the menu (hoping come fall it will be there!).  Didn't matter though, since we chose the olive oil chocolate cake that my boss highly recommended to me.  Absolutely delicious, light, and well balanced.  And I generally dislike chocolate cakes.  The pistachio gelato was a unique combination.  Perfection.

It is still pricey, but the portions are just right (not overwhelming and not bird's sizes) and the food is authentic and spectacular.
I came here for dinner one night. It was easy to get reservations on a weekend night. I did ask for outdoor seating and somehow they forgot to write it down, so we had to wait a little extra to be seated. They did have plenty of open tables outdoors so idk why they didn't let us sit. The bar was packed so we couldn't even sit inside and wait so we went to the bar a block from them to have drinks while we wait. Then when we came back and all the outdoor seatings were still open, so idk what the hold up was. They have 3 areas of outdoor seatings. 1 with private under the roof, 1 near the huge wall painting, and 1 (my least fav) near the entrance where everyone comes into the restaurant from, and of course we were seated near the entrance. People constantly kept coming in and out from near our table. 
Food wise, I got their hand pulled pasta and it was a absolutely delicious. We got their cheese platter as well and it was ok. I have had better cheese platters than that. I wasn't a fan of their cocktails as well. But I would still come back here again to try other things on their menu.
This was the shortest longest meal I've ever had.  

It had been a while since my last visit. The pasta is always so good, I thought it would be a great place to bring my parents, who were visiting from out of town.  It seems like they've put more tables in since the last time? I'm not sure - it just seemed more cramped and louder than I remember.  

Our reservation was at 6:30.  Our server was perfectly pleasant, and we ordered the antipasti plate while we perused the menu.  Then our server disappeared. He would walk by, hardly glance in our direction.  Hellooooo..... So we finally ordered our entrees.  The pasta special (with mussels and zucchini) was delicious, so was my husband's pork belly.  Once our entrees were cleared, we waited...and waited... for dessert menus. We decided what we wanted and waited another 15 minutes for him to take our order. This guy was clearly overwhelmed with the number of tables he was given, or maybe he was just inexperienced?  Not sure.

tl;dr  Arrived at 6:30. Didn't leave until 9pm. (not our choice) Service needs work. Pasta is excellent.
Outstanding service, great space, great bar. Nick (server) was great. Visited on Chriustmas Eve, they had normal full menu, plus some holiday additions.

We had the misti, burratta, pecorino del parco, goose for two, marrchione, and gnocchi. All the food was spectacular, lived up to expectations. We can't wait to return.
Excellent authentic regional Italian food, very flavorful and professionally prepared. Full bar, great wine list, great service, younger more hip crowd. The menu is a little eclectic, so if you are adventuresome and want to try something new, I highly recommend. If you're looking for a big plate of spaghetti and meatballs in a dark room with red velvet curtains with Frank Sinatra in the background, this isn't that place.
The restaurant is very welcoming.  We decided to eat inside but the garden area has a nice vibe and many chose that over inside.  Appetizers were fantastic.  We ordered arrosticinni and the fiori di zucca.  The fiori di zucca (fried zucchini flowers with cheese) reminded me of a really good tempura with a soft creamy cheese center.  The arrosticinni (lamb) taste fresh right off the grill.  Main dishes we ordered raviolini and lamb ragu.  Raviolini was a nice summer dish but small serving size.  The lamb ragu pasta was more then al dente.  The serving size was small on this dish as well but took me forever to eat it since the pasta was undercooked.  The lamb taste more like crumbled meatballs then lamb.  Now on to dessert..  torta di mirtillo and torta fruiti di Bosc.  The desserts combination were not quit right.  The cream should have been switched on each dessert. Also not worth the price of $12 each.  Le Virtu has nice flavors just need to be placed with the proper combination.  

The olive oil served with bread was amazing!  Had a nice dark color and did not need salt and pepper in it to help with the flavor.  Shame it was not from Abruzzo but Umbria.
Nice place. Great patio. Amazing service. Delicious and incredibly authentic food. 
I had 3 courses and wine. I ordered the artichoke lasagna from the specials menu. It made me cry. It was exactly how I wanted and needed it to taste. Really great dining experience.
i've been trying to come here and i finally got to but it seemed like they had a limited menu due to covid.

we got the zucchini blossoms and insalata to split between 4 girls. zucchini blossoms were great but there were only 4 of them, i was expecting a couple more for the price

i got the tagliatelle, it was good but compared to the other south philly italian restaurants in the area, for that price i expected more in quantity. so if you're someone that likes to eat a lot, you might leave hungry here. my friend who's 100 pounds ate her whole plate of pasta so that's saying something.

all in all i'd give this place a 3.5
there's lots of great italian in philly and for $50 (including tip) i got a glass of wine, pasta (none for leftovers), 1 zucchini blossom and 1/4 of a salad. i think i would get more value down the street!
Food was good, solid, but not outstanding like I can't wait to go back again. It's no better than typical Italian restaurants and for the price, expensive, I would have expected better, and maybe bigger portions
East Passyunk Restaurant Week review~~

We arrived at 5:35 for our 5:45 reservation time, and the restaurant was not crowded. The host at the front almost looked annoyed when we arrived 10 minutes early, but sat us anyway. Then after being seated, the waiter did not make eye contact when engaging us at the table. Okay, maybe this is just a bad start... could it get better?

It did for the time being... the bus girl brought over some lovely bread and olive oil to dip. She had a sweet demeanor. Our appetizers we chose for the RW menu included the polpette all' abruzzese (beef/veal meatballs) and the palotte cac e ova (croquettes). These both were very flavorful and by far our favorite bites of the night. We would recommend these choices.

On to the entrees. The portions are small and in my opinion, leave you wanting important components of a "meal" i.e. starch/vegetable. We ordered the taccozzelle (pork sausage and mushroom pasta) and the chicken all'Abruzzese (pan roasted chicken). The chicken dish was 2 small pieces of chicken in a slightly spicy sauce (the sauce was tasty); and the taccozzelle pasta was lacking in the main ingredients that were listed on the menu (+ a quite frankly bland taste). We were underwhelmed.

While waiting for our dessert, the delightful bus girl brought us another round of bread because we were hungry! Thank goodness for this because the RW dessert tiramisu portion was laughable. Taste, yes was good, although the spoonful of dessert just closed up our feelings about the experience.

The take away-
Pros: bread, wine, appetizers
Cons: portion sizes, incomplete dishes, cost, stuffy personalities
It was my 2nd anniversary with my girlfriend and our first time dining out in months due to the covid pandemic. I chose this place because from pictures online they seemed to have good outdoor vibes. 

Their outdoor seating was really nice and it was a beautiful evening. We had a reservation and were seated within 5 minutes. Our server seemed really nice at first but he would disappear for really long spurts of time. 

We started off with cocktails. The merigan was extremely strong and the southern comrade was refreshing. The gnats outside were really attracted to the merigan.

We weren't able to order any food for about an hour. The food runner/busser was very attentive and kept checking on us, so I urged her to take our food order, but she could only take down our appetizer. 

The burrata was a delicious salad dish we shared. It was my first time having this type of cheese, I'm a big believer in burrata now! After this app I was excited for the entrees. 

My girlfriend ordered the taccozzelle and I ordered the brodetto. Her dish was decent, it had strong flavors of truffle and the pasta was made well. My dish wasn't so great, some of my shellfish had some grittiness to it meaning they didn't wash it well enough. 

Our server made his first check in on how we were doing midway through our entree, I don't know why he seemed so hesitant to approach us. It really killed our anniversary vibes. I'll just attribute it to social distancing? 

If they had more to offer than an awesome burrata I would come back.
Yum ... very simple food, perfectly prepared.  Started with some of the most flavorful burrata cheese I've had, served with olive oil and charred spring onions ... yum (my only suggestion would be to add some grilled bread with this dish, although I did very much enjoy it without).  

Also started with arugula and grilled peach salad and raw pecorino cheese (left out the chanterelles) ... peach slices could have been a bit thicker for my liking ... perfectly dressed (asked for light dressed) and seasoned ... yum.

For entrees, I had the maccheroni (think of three strands of fettuccine bound together -- thick fettuccine) with olive oil (and I'm guessing a dash of pasta water), garlic, fresh sauteed serrano and dried red chiles and raw pecorino ... pasta was perfectly cooked, dish was perfectly seasoned and just the right amount of heat (even though they bring you a small basket with more red and serrano chilies for you cut with cute little scissors) ... yum.

My husband had the pasta special -- bucatini with crushed tomatoes and guanciale ... again, perfectly cooked pasta and seasoning ... yum.

We finished with the lemon parfait with almond and amaretto crunch ... it's a small glass jar with a layer of creamy, not too sweet and not too tart lemon curd, a smattering of the crunch, then a layer of lemon whipped cream (not too sweet) and then another smattering of the crumble ... yum, yum.

Wine list was okay, but could be better.  My husband did have a very nice Moscato Passito Blanco (a straw wine) that complimented the parfait very well.

Service was fantastic -- attentive and very friendly.

Atmosphere inside is nice.  Outdoor seating, some covered and some not.

Definitely would return if we're again in Philadelphia.
