Well, this place has five stars on GrubHub, so I ordered and what a mistake that was. I must have been the last order of the night because this sandwich looked like it was literally thrown together. So I ordered a Dimaggio hoagie with prosciutto & capicola. Two meats I love on my hoagie! However, I don't know what I got because the prosciutto was so stringy that I couldn't eat it. I've never eaten anything like this before! The meat actually had long fibrous strings--and it was NOT onion! I was wondering if the encasing was still on it! At one point, I thought I was going to choke from it or get sick! It was awful! Thank goodness the fries & the Cajun mayo were decent. Here's a picture. I'm pointing at the "strings." Awful! Never again.
YOU KIDDIN ME! Hows this dump have four stars? Ive eaten lunchables better than the hoagie I ate here. Came back a second time to try the cheesesteak. Good chance they used road kill for the meat. Do yourself a favor and stay the hell out of this wasteland.
If I could give give 0 stars I would. Out of my 15 years of growing up around roxbourgh I've neverrrrr received such horrible customer service from the store Owner as well as the staff. The racist comments and their behavior was completely out of line all because I choose not to  place an order and leave. Which was because I did not appreciate the attitude from one of the staff members. The icing on the cake was the owner telling me not to come back anymore instead of trying to talk to me to see why I was choosing to leave. I for sure will never be visiting this place again.
I wouldn't  feed my dog your food your customer service is terrible!!! I complained because I had long blonde hair in my food and the response was very rude and offensive "give the nigger her money back" I've never been treated this way boycott this store stay away stay far away !!! Majors hoagies are better y'all lost a loyal customer !
I'm SO sad to do this but Lennies has been so consistent in disappointment lately, that I have to. This was one of our favorite places, the sandwiches were great...lately it's like they just don't care. We usually order delivery from grub hub and recently here and there we've been missing sides.. a soda.. etc. but we don't complain over small things like that. This last order though was the last straw. I ordered "buffalo bacon fries" and when we opened them there was a large pepper jack cheese slice not even melted, just stuck to the lid.. I threw it in our oven and tried to stir them up to find there's literally no bacon either and they're just gross. I'm pretty sure cheese fries have been ruined for my boyfriend forever... and that's my favorite food so I'm pretty distraught.
Our sandwiches were mediocre at best and the order took over an hour. I really want to love this place but now I just can't, Lennies..why?!
It really shames me that I have to write a somewhat-negative review about this place as one of the first reviews I've ever written as a new "Yelper", but I feel like I just had to about this one.

I've been to Lenny's Home Plate only twice, and my first experience was pretty good.  I ordered a small Italiano sub with a diet Pepsi, and sat down by myself during lunch and watched the news about some smuggled bombs on a place discovered at PHL airport.  The sandwich was great and the price was the best I've seen yet.  All-in-all a good experience.

The second time, however, is a different story.  I'll start off by saying I'm one of those people who doesn't always expect food to be perfect every time.  Working in a pizza shop during college, I'll admit I've let a few things slide with certain things like accidentally overcooking a pizza by a few minutes and still letting it go, but never got bad feedback from anyone about it.  I go by the "five second rule" when you drop something and still pick it up to eat it as long as the floor in your kitchen is clean, but I obviously wouldn't give it to someone else.

But the two ants in my sandwich this time was a little much.  I'm pretty sure the ants were in the lettuce, and not actually put in there by an employee.  But there were definitely two ants in my Soprano sandwich when I opened it up later on at home after picking it up.  So, I called Lenny's to see if I can get it replaced, and I was super nice about it.  I talked to Barbara, who was super nice about it, said it was no problem, just to bring the sandwich back and they'd replace it for me.

So, two hours later I bring the sandwich back and tell the guy behind the counter I spoke with Barbara, who told me to bring it back and they'd replace it.  Apparently this guy was the manager, and I really have no idea what was bugging him that day, but I had to stand there for literally five minutes while he vented to me saying that for years, he's had to put up with bullsh*t from customers and that it was becoming too much for him, and starting next week he will now be closed on Mondays and he is raising the prices on his menu because if he's going to constantly have to endure the bullsh*t he gets every day from customers, then he might as well charge more like the other guys and not have to work as hard.

Well, whatever, that's fine - if that's what you have to do, then you gotta do what you gotta do, ya know?  But after listening to him go off on me for almost five minutes about this, in the end, he insisted on giving me back my $6.25, but wouldn't let me use that money to buy a new sandwich.  He said he was at a restaurant on Germantown Avenue a few weeks ago where the meal for him and his partner cost $300, and he watched someone at the table next to them pick a hair off their plate and continue eating, never complaining about it, but he couldn't understand why people had to complain about a sandwich that cost $6.25.  I'm sorry dude - I only came back in because the nice girl Barbara told me to, and I wasn't expecting my money back - just a replacement.  I'm sorry if you're having a bad day or that running the business is getting to be too much, but don't take it out on me.  I wasn't a jerk to you about the ants in the sandwich, and I don't expect you to be a jerk to me.

This place has great sandwiches and their prices are very reasonable, but I'm sorry - I won't be coming back after that.  Even if you did feel you had to vent, you didn't have to use the bullsh*t word with me.  That's unacceptable.  I'm sorry Yelpers - it may seem like I made this up, but I kid you not.  I'm sure this was just one crazy thing that just so happened to happen to me, but after that experience, I'll go across the street to Primo and pay a little more - they've never cursed at me.
Ok, first a little bit of context before I begin. I went into the store about 15 min. before closing. I understand they were getting ready to go home, cleaning etc... 

When I walked in I was not greeted it was chaotic-there was a little girl sitting at the register playing on a device, people yelling. Lights off. Craziness. I didn't know what was found on. 

After a little bit there wasn't really a greeting but a what can we get you. I was a little confused and looking for a menu and such. I was directed to the wall menu. Ordered a "favorite" Cajun Turkey hoagie. 

In my opinion experience makes a company. I get you're closing but you still have to try I. I was kind and ordered something easy. 

Got home- the onions were terrible. Something odd I had to take them out of my house because the smell was so bad. Once I got past that- the hoagie was just ok. Nothing impressive. The Mayo globbed our which I am not a fan of and it just tasted very normal. WHICH IS OK. There are a lot of people in the world- we need NORMAL sandwich shops. Do you. 

Long story short- not impressed. They do carry a lot of my local favorites like Turkey Hill iced tea and Zapp's chips- that is fun. Love supporting a local business, but the overall experience was not impressive enough to go back. Good luck!
Wow.. We really used to love this place. We came in today and had the worst customer service. I asked for a wrap wo oil. We noticed that the woman put oil on it. We asked if we could have another bc there was oil on it. We got an extremely rude response. Then the woman at the counter said some not so nice words about me to another customer. When we checked out she was just as rude. I get having a bad day but I just wanted what I ordered!
Named a dish "Covid Mac" because it had Chinese chili garlic sauce in it. Finally pulled it off the menu after backlash from the community then stated, "what's the big deal?" They need to have a better understanding of what's happening in the country and stop perpetuating hate through dumb menu items that probably tastes like all their soggy crap.
If you're gonna think anything about Lenny's besides fantastic, authentic, inventive and creative hoagies, it should be customer service. The staff is friendly and fast, the owner responsive and fair. They stock Frank's sodas (always a plus) and seasonal Phillies and Flyers gear (always great when I need something new on short notice). 

I am a big fan of the cheap corner-store hoagie, but when I splurge for a "good" one, it's to Lenny's I go. Their chicken salad is delicious, their deli meats are fresh, and their servings are generous (and on sarcone rolls! I love how much they are expanding their deliveries these days!) the operative word for everything here is fresh, and I love being able to see the workplace and see that it is sparklingly clean, and that hygenic food service practices are being followed!

Only downside is location-- on ridge ave. It's better to walk here or park around the corner and then walk back up to ridge, unless you get lucky and can actually grab a spot on ridge (in which case, i suggest you play the lottery immediately after picking up your sandwich).
Horrible customer service. first time I thought maybe the guy behind the counter was having a bad day. Tried it a second time and that's just how he is - extremely RUDE and unprofessional. Never going back.
Hey we needed some Philly hoagies while watching St. Nick and the Philadelphia Eagles clinch a playoff spot yesterday so what better place to order from than Lennie's.  Yes Lennie's is truly one of Philly's classic hoagie shops.  Located on the Ridge in Roxborough, this original South Philly establishment has been making awesome hoagies in northwest Philly for decades.  There are so many different kinds of hoagies that I couldn't begin to mention them all and of course Philly's other famous sandwiches are offered here as well as some tasty New Orleans po boys.  Their Cajun mayonnaise is the bomb!  I ordered a Good Fella hoagie yesterday filled to the brim with capicolla, Genoa salami, prosciutto, and provolone.  Hey and the Eagles won as well.  What could be better?

Tip - Order a minor league size at Lennie's.  The major league size hoagie is def for sharing or to feed food eating contest champions.
I thought the hoagie was a bit underwhelming, the fries were a bit soggy, and the lady at the counter was a bit rude.
Very solid hoagies from Lennie's for some Sunday football watching! I placed my order for pick-up via Grubhub and the sandwiches were ready to go upon my arrival fifteen minutes later. At the store, I also purchased a bag of chips, of which they had a small variety. 

My turkey and cheese was made to my exact specifications and my husband seemed pleased with his Godfather Part 1 sandwich as well. I personally prefer shredded iceberg to a single slice of romaine but I know that's being extra picky. I'd happily hit this place up for sandwiches again when in the area.
Better hoagies at subway. Overpriced soggy garbage with rude staff who says the n word
I was recommended to try Lenny's cheesesteak, as someone told me it was the best in Philadelphia. To me, that is a bold statement to say, so anyone that says that about a specific cheesesteak venue will have me convinced to try it. So, my opinion on this cheesesteak is not in favor of the statement I was told in regards to Lenny's. It wasn't a bad cheesesteak, but it wasn't good enough for me to recommend to someone else. The steak had a very chewy texture; I know some people enjoy that, but I do not...all a preference. The bread (which is the biggest factor in judging a steak for me) didn't stand out significantly, either. Additionally, The atmosphere inside did not sell. If you like chewy steak with your sandwich, then try it out. It was not for me.
Who's this punk owner thinking he's making funny comments to customers. Buddy you're running a business shut up and make me my hoagie! If I wanted a wise guy comedian I'd go to the comedy club. Also he puts stuff on your hoagies without even telling you sometimes, so be specific. Btw the way way I've been going here on and off last 15 years and it's been much much less as of late.
The sandwiches are good. Mine was a bit soggy but with the amount of sauce on it it was to be expected.The only thing that I can say really bothered me was the store is filthy. The floors need to be scrubbed and there is food sauces in the beverage fridge. There's a random fax machine next to the fountain soda machine. The employees don't wear hair nets or hats and practice bare hand contact on ready to eat food. It they would clean up I would consider coming back.
NEW REVIEW: This place is NOT what it used to be... there must be a new owner or something. We came and ordered our old favorite, the Godfather III, major league size. I found it odd that since 2 years ago, the price had dropped by $2. When I opened up the sandwich and very quickly and brutally found out why. The new Godfather III is a mere shadow of its former glorious self, with 1/4th the amount of prosciutto, the fresh buffalo mozzarella replaced with cheap deli mozzarella, a cheap serving of roasted peppers 1/3rd of what it used to be, and horrible WASPY soft bread one would expect to find on the Main Line or in a chain sandwich shop instead of the delicious South Philly hard rolls they used to use. Never in my life have I seen a food establishment fall from grace so drastically (from 5 star to 1 star) in such a short period of time. RIP to this once great Roxborough culinary institution. Looks like I'm stuck going to Primo's until Lennie's can get their act together, but I sure don't want to waste another $15 to find out either. Lenny's used to run circles around Primo's, but now Primo's runs circles around Lenny's. Even WaWa makes better sandwiches than Lenny's does now, which is saying a lot because WaWa sandwiches are a bargain.

A little advice to the owner: Bring back your old sandwiches. People DO notice changes, especially when they are for the worse. You will run your business into the ground with these short-sighted cost saving measures.

OLD REVIEW:Best sandwiches I have ever consumed in the Continental United States. Need I say more? This is what Primos strives to become. Lenny's gets their bread fresh every morning from an artisan Italian bakery in South Philly (for you unenlightened WASPs  that like your bread to be hamburger-bun soft, this place is not for you, stick to your crimpets). I highly recommend their Godfather 3, which is loaded with qulaity priscuitto, fresh buffalo mozzarella and roasted peppers. They actually load up this sandwhich with so many qulaity ingredients that it leaves you thinking "WOW!" from the moment you open it up down to the last bite. Spring for the major league size, you get a great bang for your buck to boot. Tha Soprano and Cajun turkey sandwhiches are also great. Lenny's has truely prefected the hog island sandwhich.
I am not going to lie - I used to be a loyal patron when I lived in Philadelphia.  Times have certainly changed when one of your favorite places rears its viscious, bigotry-filled head and actually propagates the very things that threaten to derail the fundamentals upon which this nation was established and that have allowed IT to thrive. 

"COVID Mac and Cheese."  How blatantly  cruel, foolish, and ignorant must the owners be to even THINK of this.  No, your community is not being overly sensitive and the "big deal" is that you are perpetuating the hate that is threatening to disembody all that this nation claims to hold near and dear.  

While it is somewhat mollifying that you have now removed the item from the menu, some things are not as easy to retract.  The damage has been done and for your response to be "What is the big deal" showcases the sheer audacity of the action, and more importantly, the sheer cultural ignorance.

I hope that you will awaken to humanity soon.  For me, this is my last interaction with this establishment.
After paying for our hoagies this past Thursday I left without even bringing them home.  The lady making them, who did not see my girflriend watching, used her bare hand to pull something out of the sauce in my chicken parm. She then looked around to see if she was caught but didn't see us see her.    It was revolting.   Why in the world any place preparing food in front of you would not use gloves is beyond comprehension.  Don't they realize that there is a significant percentage of the population that simply won't eat food prepared with no gloves?
Lenny's Home Plate is a small, South Philly style sandwich shop on the Ridge in Roxborough. The place has a Phillies Baseball feel to it, with shirts, caps and other memorabilia on display or for sale. The sandwiches all have clever names like The Godfather, Sicilian, etc. My favorite one is The Albert, which a friend of mine named Albert claimed it was named after him. I never believed him because Lenny always charged him for it. The Albert begins on a seeded Sarcone Roll topped with their homemade Cajun Mayo, lots of fresh Corned Beef, , American Cheese, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Onions, Oil and Spices. I get the fiery Hot Peppers on the side. One of my favorite Philly sandwiches! 
The Salads are large and delicious and I love the Chicken Cutlets and all the Italian sandwiches named after famous Italians and local neighborhoods. 
Lenny's has a nice dinning area for you to enjoy your meal, the service is fast and you feel at home here, no matter who you are.
I love Lennie's Home Plate, because Lennie is a true sandwich artist. The variety of hoagies, cheese steaks and burgers are staggering.
Lennie extended me the honor of having a great sandwich named after me.
It's called "The Big Bruce". It consists of a pretty decent Italian hoagie roll with gourmet honey mustard, oven roasted turkey, smoked gouda cheese, romaine lettuce, red onions, sun dried tomatoes and a drizzle of balsamic vinegar. 
The sandwich is my own concoction with Lennie's approval.
I have enjoyed this sandwich for many years.
Just before Thanksgiving, Lennie added the sandwich to his menu. I would like to thank Lennie for giving me such an honor.
Since then I stopped by to try one of his fat & juicy  burgers called The Russian Burger. Like I said before it was a fat & juicy burger with Havarti cheese, fried pickles and a delicious sauce on a toasted brioche bun. The sandwich was accompanied by a perfect order of sweet potato fries with a absolutely delicious sweet cinnamon flavored sauce.
Both were delicious and filling. Lennie, you did it again! So don't miss the opportunity to try out a fellow Yelpers'  sandwich here at Lennie's, I am thoroughly convinced that you will thoroughly enjoy my sandwich!!
I had one of their tuna subs...I forget the exact name. Tuna, provolone, roasted peppers, etc. I did not like the tuna at all.  Very dark, seemed to be the kind that comes in oil...I don't know, it just didn't look or taste good.  Not a fan of the sesame sub roll it came on.  Small, and overpriced.  

Honestly, I just can't find anything as good as what I've used to living back in North Jersey. 

Super disappointing.
Stopped by this place for a sub during my road trip and ended up suffering the worst food poisoning of my life. I know it was directly related to the sub I ate because it was the only thing I have had within a 24 hr period. Disgusting sanitary practices as I noticed one of the employees was not wearing his gloves. DO NOT GO HERE.
ROXBOROUGH FAVORITE!!! Lenny's is a great neighborhood place to pick up some hoagies. They have a wide selection of hoagies to choose from. My favorite has always been the Cajun Turkey. The sandwich has a great Cajun Mayo on it which makes it unique. The rolls they use for their hoagies are hearty, just generally great bread. They are always fast at taking and making your order (which is great when you are in a rush during lunch break). The prices are good. Most hoagies are about $7.50 and they are quite large. Definitely the BEST spot on Ridge Ave in Roxborough for a great sandwich!!!
Covid Mac and cheese with Chinese chili flakes. What a blatant racist thing to have on a menu.
Positive - the italian hoagie had tons of meat.

Negative - the tuna hoagie was lacking in the tuna & both rolls were stale and hard as a rock
Philly fav for hoagies. To its' classic sports decor, exotic deli meats, and fresh Italian rolls this hoagie shop is an A+.  The Talkin turkey is my shit.  Add some Cajun mayo to this bad boy and this hoagie is over the moon. Locally owned with an awesome staff. This Roxborough native is a must for sandwich lovers near and far.
All I wanted was a cheesesteak.  I'm never in Philly, I've never had a cheesesteak, and we had 4 hours to kill.  Sadly, we needed at least 2 to drive around in the newly gentrified and overcrowded neighborhood, and were just about to give up when Lennie's popped up on the map. There was street parking about a block away, which made it a no-brainer. 

We walked in and it was pretty dead, especially on a Sunday at lunchtime.  No big deal.  We ordered a chicken parm sub (I panicked - I wanted cheesesteak and they have it, but you can't get good chicken parm out West, and I saw it and needed to have it) and the Italian pork sandwich, which is apparently also a Philly thing. 

The servers are funny in the Northeast sarcastic way I love, but I think I have been out west too long because when they snapped "no you can't" when I asked to add to my order, I was a bit taken aback.  We laughed, and I added tater tots, since they were out of fries.  The food was brought to us, and it was quite tasty.  The Italian pork comes with au jus, and the chicken parm was pretty good.  We ate and left, and 

There's no AC, the place is small, and make sure to lock the bathroom door firmly, but Lennie's was a fun experience with great subs.
I am addicted to crack.  I am addicted to crack ...hard. to say that because I 'm talking about a sandwich called "crack" that Lenny created to put my brain in a flux. The sandwich consists of Philly cheese steak,  chicken cheese steak,, Bacon, Ham havarti cheese and a special red sauce on an Italian roll. I know you must think this concoction will be gi-normous and hit you like a ton of bricks, but it wasn't really that big or heavy ...but I couldn't eat for a day and a half!! The sandwich was very tasty and you too may become addicted to "crack"!!
I feel like I may burn in hell for writing a negative word about Lennys but I had a disturbing experience today.  My wife and I drove 45 mins out of the way to get our favourite sandwich, a lennys cj cajun turkey.  Now what makes this hoagie so special is what makes any hoagie so special, the 2 components of a sandwich, the bread and what goes inside the bread.  We got home and began to dig in.  Almost immediately we both looked at each other and were like WTF something is wrong, this is not the same sandwich we have always raved about.   I picked up the phone and I called, the woman who answered the phone explained to me that they sold out of bread and she put ours on one of those soft long rolls.  I feel like this is a sacrilege.  I mean, like I said there are 2 things that go on a sandwich, bread and what goes inside the bread.  If you change one of those components than you can't call it a lennys cj cajun turkey cause it for one it tastes like garbage on one of those rolls and for two it's just not the same sandwich.  It's 50 percent different.  So when someone orders tell them that your putting their sandwich on crappy bread and they are welcome to come pick it up at any time.
This is our go-to spot for hoagies. I've tried some other places and just ended up disappointed. My favorites are the Cajun turkey and Rocco supreme - it has a little spicy kick and is delicious!
Terrible food, service, and owners.  Would not recommend my worst enemy to come here.
A variety of hoagies and hot sandwich selections along with friendly customer service makes Lenny's a knock out of the park. 

 My coworkers and I eat at Lenny's at least twice a week and whenever we order something new on their menu, we were never disappointed. Out of all the delicious sandwiches we ate, there was one sandwich that stood out to us the most. This sandwich was called "The Crack." 
 
 Slathered in Cajun Mayo, filled with Beef Steak, Chicken Steak, Ham, Bacon, and topped right off with Provolone Cheese and Marinara Sauce makes "The Crack" one of the most addictive sandwich I have ever ate. Every bite was succulent and flavorful like game-winning homerun celebration in your mouth. One piece of advice, brace yourselves, this sandwich will really put you in a coma... a food coma that is. I would definitely recommend this sandwich to first-timers.  

 Besides their infamous Crack sandwich, I had a great experience with their other sandwiches like the Soprano, Chicago-style roast beef with gravy, Holland Tuna with Cajun Mayo, and many more. Lenny's is one of the best hoagie joints in Philly.
This is how you compete in a wawa/subway world...you make good frickin sandwiches!!  They put love in their made to order hoagies.  They have a large selection with extra clever names.   Pleasent service and good food.  What else could you ask for?
Would be a super-duper, off-the-chain, 5-star spot if the customer service was a little more welcoming/not so lackadaisical.  Still, didn't stop me from eating there twice in a three-day visit to the area.

BOMB hoagies!  HUGE!  Minor League will do ya, and Major League would be PERFECT for a party or tailgating.  Not the quickest turn around...but you can call ahead and pick up.  Tried Home Plate Special (italian roast beef, pepper jack cheese with cajun mayo), St.Lucky (Sharp Provolone, chicken cutlet, spinach, tomato, & locarelii), Crack Tots (MUST HAVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!), and the Scrap-adelphia.

Damned fine food.  Super reasonable prices for the quality and quantity.  Will order EVERY time I'm back in the area!
I just go for the classics here: the demaggio and godfathers I and II.  The meats are flavorful and fresh, the cheeses tasty and imported, and the rolls freshly baked by sarcone's.  You won't find a better Italian hoagie.
When I first moved to the neighborhood I heard this was the place to get a hoagie. Our first time there was pretty good. The bread was good, ingredients seemed quality, it just seemed they skimped on the meat. The ratio of bread to meat was off. Then came the second and third times there and came the incorrect orders such as them adding mayo to my Italian hoagie. I never complained as I was already home and hungry. Then I started reading up on the place and heard they will actually get mad at you for complaining about a wrong order as it costs them too much money to remake orders. Then I heard they treat you even worse if you are a minority. Based on my interactions with the staff, very surly, short and rude, the stories seemed believable so I stopped going there. Then I heard about the Covid Mac and Cheese and knew the previous stories of them bring racist were definitely true. I'm glad I stopped going there, it is not like there is a shortage of places to get good hoagies.
OMG I just had the BEST hoagie that I have ever had!!!  The Godfather 1,and it was spectacular.  I drove 20 minutes to get to this place, and it was more than worth the trouble. If you love a good sammich and you have a big appetite, this is the place for you.
WOW! Took me 5 years of living in the area to try this place and I wish I could turn back time. Phenomenal! Italiano had the perfect proportions, meat and cheese stacked neatly, veggies were crisp, seasoned perfectly and the roll was fluffy and fresh. 

Hand cut fries were stellar as well

Blows The Foodery, T&F, and Primos out of the water. I'll never order a hoagie from anywhere else.
Let's get this out of the way: I take my hoagies very seriously (see response to question in my profile prompting me for what my last meal would be). I have had many hoagies from many places, but I really think Lenny's could my favorite.

The Lenny's hoagies are of a certain breed of hoagie. Lenny's hoagies are very authentic Italian hoagies - seeded rolls (from Sarcone's bakery), imported Italian meats and cheeses, roasted long hot peppers, etc. These are serious hoagies and I *highly* recommend you try Lenny's if you are in the Roxborough area. 

I used to go to Primo's hoagies, but Lenny's will now be my default, especially because I can park in the free municipal lot across the street.
I never thought it would be so good!! I love this place but not sure if i can carry the weight to be a regular.  Winter is fast approaching & I need to get into some new pants soon!! 

OMG I went there for the first time the other day, My  good friend and fellow  Yelper Bruce B was having his hoagie  debut  "The Big Bruce".

 I was totally blown away,   from the name I though it would be a mega sandwich.  but it was such a refreshing delight.  A Very happy kind of sandwich, it had spinach and sun dried tomatoes and no mayo at all. Unbelievable a sandwich with no mayonnaise  you have to try it yourself and let me know what you think  . I dont want to give out all the secrets of the sandwich just yet.

I have never in all my days of Philadelphia hoagie Eating tasted a more well balance sandwich. I ate one & had an order  to go . They have them foot long rolls and the bread there is amazing, it would make any sandwich taste phenomenal!
 Next time I will try the sandwich called Crack I heard you always come back for it!!  I hope I can break my addiction to Lennies Soon ,
but I will be getting The Big Bruce super sized for my sister's baby shower coming up ,so it will be a hard habit to break but i will have a Delicious time trying!!
Best hoagies! Love their tuna hoagies. Always fresh and delish bread. I also love their carrot cake. Delivery driver is super friendly and nice. Highly recommended!
Absolute heaven!!!

This has to be one of the best hoagie shops I've been to and I've live in a few different parts of the country.

Every offering is made with care, the bread is always fresh and the meat combinations they offer are out of this world. I literally start salivating thinking about it and like a zombie I find myself walking there to get one!

...

Ok back to review with sandwich in other hand. :)

My personal favorite is the "Soprano" which includes genoa salami, capicola, cotigene, prosciutto, mortadella, soppressata, grated locatelli & provolone cheese. Now that's a hoagie!!!

They have several other offerings some simple like an Italiano which is your standard Italian sub, to much more complex sandwiches. They even have a "kick up a notch" menu with several selections for those who like a spicy hoagie!

If you are ever in the Roxborough area, this is a must stop! You will not be disappointed. 

Warning: These hoagies can be addictive and may lead to zombie like walks where you suddenly find yourself with a hoagie in your hand, and may lead to need a new wardrobe due to increases in waist size.
This hole in the wall Hoagie shop is as authentic as it gets.

Amazing quality meats and great service. Pricing is decent and their menu will not leave anyone out. They have two sizes only: Minor league = 12 inches or the Major league = 24 inches. Seriously, that is a lot of food. Unless you're hungry, plan on splitting these sandwiches with another person.

I had the Godfather I hoagie and it was just delicious.

Parking can be a pain in the butt, but if you know the area a little or look around, behind the shops (not all shops) there are big parking lots that offer two hour free parking which is more than enough time to park, eat, chat and walk back to your car.

Best hoagie shop in Philly.
Great deli in the downtown district of Roxborough. The area has a pretty sizable Catholic population, so I figured this would be a good spot to try and find a sans-meat lunch during a Lenten Friday. I opted for a shrimp po boy, but they also have fried clam and whitefish options.

The sandwich was very good - crisp fried shrimp topped with tomato, lettuce, onion, and this amazing spicy Cajun mayo inside a crusty, seeded roll. I would've like to see another two-three shrimp in the Po Boy (who wouldn't?), but I will say that the prices here are super reasonable, so I can't really gripe.

In true deli fashion, Lenny's has a robust menu of meat-filled options, so I will surely be back to sample more!
First I was a Primo's man, then a Lenny's man, then back to Primo's, and now back to Lenny's again.  My love-hate relationship with Lenny's is due to the fact that they are really great hoagies, but they are not stuffed nearly enough for my tastes, so I often finish my hoagie and I am still hungry.  Primo's is similar quality and really stuffs the hoagies, but the price difference is huge.  Lenny's is a great deal.  Lenny's also gets a bonus for having hot sandwiches (steak sandwiches, roast pork, etc...).  Lenny himself is often working and is a nice guy.  As mentioned, Lenny's quality is similar to Primo's (I compare the two as they are walking distance away on Ridge Ave.).  The key to any good hoagie is hard, seeded rolls, and Lenny's certainly delivers in that regard.  Be sure to request a hard roll if you are ordering a hot sandwich.  Good meats, just not nearly enough of them.
While in Roxborough we decided to give Lennie's a try before heading home. First off, wow, there's a LOT to take in. There doesn't appear to be a single menu so take your time and look through it all.
     I was thinking something like an Italian sub and my wife went with a chicken parm sandwich. I added in a side of gravy fries and mozzarella sticks.
     I had the Soprano hoagie; imported ham, Genoa salami, capicolla, provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickle chips, oil, and vinegar on a sesame seed hoagie roll. I did ask for no onion, but they ended up on there. Not a big deal.
     It was a loaded sandwich. Good amount of filling, and the roll was just the right bit of soft and firm.
     The chicken parm was just kind of ok. Looked like two, sliced chicken cutlets, sauce, and shredded mozzarella that wasn't really too melted. The chicken and sauce were tasty, but not sure we'd get it again.
     Mozzarella sticks were good. They're battered, not breaded, which was tasty. Marinara was fine as well. Gravy fries I've got a mixed opinion on, kind of like the chicken parm. Big portion, good fries, lots of gravy. The gravy was just a bit bland. I'll say that better to be able to add salt then having it too salty, though.
     With the extensive menu, definitely want to try more on the menu.
I got the cheesesteak.  Great cheesesteak.  I love the philly sports memobilia!  The roll, meat, chease, fried onions make a great cheesesteak and the Lennie-made cajun mayo is the icing on this cheesesteak cake!!!!
Today was my first visit to Lennie's.  The guy who helped me out was happy to tell me what they offered.  Very friendly as well. The place was clean and most importantly,  the food was excellent.  I love that they don't fill your hoagie up with lettuce like other places do.  This is now my new go to place in roxborough! Well deserved 5 star rating!
Wow-- sums up my first trip to Lenny's.  The Rocco Supreme was delicious!!!  The spicy turkey and cheese were tasty and plentiful.  Did I mention that the major league was HUGE?!?!?  I only made it through a quarter of the hoagie before I had to push it way or risk bursting at the seam.  Lenny's may be my new lunch spot; lots of sandwiches left to try!
Came in here and tried the Rocco.....loved the cajun mayo,loved the fresh meat,loved the cheese but....the roll was  hard which brings the rating down you can have the greatest sandwich in the world but if the roll is not fresh then it's just a waste of time had to throw most of the roll away not worth the money for a side of hot peppers either but I must say the meat, cheese and especially the cajun mayo were good
If you like rats and roaches this is the place for you. Disgusting.  Wish your hands for God's sakes
Four stars for the food, one star for the staff.  They barely acknowledge you when you pick up your order.  Do you think it would kill them to greet their customers?  That's the problem when you hire kids.  Hoagie was out of this world as usual.  Staff leaves a lot to be desired.
Awesome sandwiches - the bread is delicious and they're very reasonably priced. I crave the hot Italian on a weekly basis. I've tried multiple other hoagies from here and never been disappointed. I usually get one hot and cold and share half of each with a friend. Also the large is twice the size of a normal sandwich - a small is about a foot long.
This place needs a good cleaning and someone working the counter that can at least pretend to be friendly.  The hoagie was good, aside from the ends of the roll being stale.
I lived in south phila. where hoagies are a religion.  After moving to Roxborough it took me several years to discover Lenny's, it can't be beat.  I try to get a hoagie there every week.  My favorite being " The Crack".  I should also state that before I retired, I was a Health Inspector for 40 years, and from what I can see of the small cooking and prep area it appears to be above average.  Service is friendly, specially from Barbara who's a gem.  My only complaint is that they are closed on mondays which gives me one day less to enjoy their hoagies.
I'm Asian so I only know how to think analytically.  Food is either bad, ok, good, or awesome.  This place is greater than awesome.  I'm not a food snob but even with my unrefined palate, the hoagies are obviously amazing.  To be honest, I don't even recognize some of the ingredients on the menu.  But just reading those sultry Italian meats and cheeses on the wall will make you dehydrated from all the mouthwatering.  I just order randomly now.  Before I used to peruse the menu.  But that only wastes time until you get to devour the yumminess.
Delicious hoagie.  They have a giant menu but I wanted to test this place out with my standard hoagie and it was great.  I saw lots of variety on the menu and I will be back.  Looking forward to try each of their specialty sandwiches, including anything with eggplant.  Ample parking in the parking lot on DuPont street.
Love this place!  No other sandwich can compete. I've tried veggie sandwiches elsewhere and have just wound up disappointed. So the veggie eggplant is totally recommended. We also love the Cajun turkey.  The god father part 3 with is also amazing. 

Easiest is when you call in.  It will be ready to pick up upon arrival. Keep in mind cash only. There is a bank right down the street.
New to this side of the Schuylkill but not new to the hoagie.  Anybody can make a hoagie but the combinations they offer are what differentiates them from the pack.

In Philly, we know the roll makes the sandwich and their rolls are excellent but their sandwiches make the sandwich, here.

I recommend, the Godfather III hold the peppers.  Prices are great and their minor league sandwich is enough for two.
Lenny's has the best hoagies in the city and I highly recommend you check this place out. The rolls are phenomenal and the veggie eggplant hoagie is perfect if you are a vegetarian or are picking up a sandwich for a vegetarian friend. I go there all the time and they know my sandwich when I call. I love that. They do party platters too for events.
I love this place, but they switched the rolls recently and they just aren't the same. Before the switch they were 5 stars. Yes, it makes a huge difference : (
I ordered a hoagie here through delivery and they did not put any condiments on my hoagie. I called and communicated this with them. The lady said I had to contact the delivery company even though it was their mistake. She was very rude throughout the conversation. She confirmed that they do have a delivery driver but it is too far. I live down the street about a 6 minute drive. After further discussion. She said the driver will drop it off. I called back a little more than a hour and the lady said you have to contact the delivery company and hung up on me.
Great quality/delicious fantastic Hoagies... Authenticl Italian sandwiches made on sarcone's seeded Italian bread...The  homemade potato chips are out-of-this-world especially with the fresh-made onion dip... Their menu is incredible  looking forward to my next visit.
I rarely write a review, but Lennies has been my new favorite spot to order from during this crazy year. Not only is the menu complete, unique, and delicious, but the folks there treat you like family. I always go for a Rocco supreme or St. Lucy chicken cutlet. I am a huge fan of variety, so check out this menu because they have multiple options I have never seen anywhere! 

Great, I'm hungry now because I'm talking about Lennies! I dare you to check out the menu. You won't regret it. 

GO BIRDS!
Been going to this place almost all my life growing up, I haven't had the chance to write a review. I would give this a 4/5 normally, but it seems over the past few months their quality has gone done. If you order their large subs, its 50/50 whether you get the actual big long hoagie or just 2 regular  ones. There's actually a difference in portion when the breads are different. When the bread is 2 regular sized ones, the quality of the bread itself is pretty meh.  If it's the large one, the quality is pretty nice - I can't really explain, I'm not really a food critic.

The portions of the meat and veggies are normally plentiful - almost spilling out if anything, but nowadays its seems to get less and less; especially with my recent visit.

Fortunately the quality and flavor of the mayo and cajun mayo is still great. If you happen to be lucky enough to arrive there on their good day, I'd try the Manayunker and/or Cajun roast beef hoagie. But overall, the place is just not the same anymore.

EDIT: These fries I just ordered for the first time are pretty depressing. Pretty sure its microwaved.
I have been a fan of Lennie's for their Sinatra hoagie (the sundried tomato pesto on it is amazing) for some time. I recently expanded my horizons and tried the Godfather part I hoagie - wow! This was the best Italian hoagie I've been able to find locally. Lennie's definitely worth going out of your way for.
A few notes:
- The rolls are great and come seeded
- They do not overstuff their sandwiches. I prefer this so you get a balance of everything in one flavorful bite.
