The Liberty Bell Diner on Frankford Avenue, Northeast Philly, is an urban diner.  It lacks the stretch stainless and glass look of the Jersey version of pure Americana roadside "stuff and go" restos.  Rather, it is more compact and hunkered down in what is now the parking lot of a strip commercial center that has seen better days.  The location certainly makes for easy parking, but I am sure the green field that was here first, was more attractive.  

That doesn't stop it was being a very good representative of the genre.  The counter sits to one side just outside the kitchen. The dining room is a nice size with about two dozen tables, white and blue painted walls, dark carpet, and a couple of HDTVs up high.  Service is provided by young women and men in black, who are well trained and friendly, with the right amount of tats exposed on their arms.  Coffee arrives quickly, and they are patient with newbies scanning their menu and asking questions.   

Our Blueberry Pancake short stack was fine, if not outstanding.  Fresh fruit in the mix was generous.  A noticeable shortcoming was the use of Kraft Syrup for the gooey sweetener, rather than something healthier and engaging. It is hard to get passed the heavy dose of corn syrup as its main ingredient.  I would gladly pay extra for a small pour of pure maple dark B grade. 

The Sausage, Egg & Cheese on Kaiser was a crowd pleaser and customizable.  It was easy to swap out of a plain breakfast patty, and into a sliced/grilled Hot Italian Porker.  It made all the difference in creating an excellent sandwich designed for my taste.  The roll was also pleasantly fresh and strong enough to hold its contents to the last bite.  The Hash Browns were forgettable. 

The staff seems to really enjoy the regulars.  There was a knot of ladies in black laughing and commenting on the photos one of the customers was sharing with them.  Even the owner allowed himself to enjoy the moment.  Very cool. 

Overall, a superior breakfast stop.
Been a resident for 3 years and this was my favorite local diner up till today . In front of me the owner and his customer were making racial comments towards me. Pointing at me and stating Chinese had chinky eyes as he pulled his eyes sideways. It's 2020 so I'm still very surprise to see this in Philadelphia. I would have let it go but the owner participated in it so it makes me wonder what else they say about minorities. Guess I'll be heading to dining car from here on.
Great breakfast!  Plenty of hot coffee.  Excellent Italian omelet.  The scrapple was delicious--I believe the guy said that they serve Hatfield brand.  Pancakes were just fine.

Servers were attentive and friendly.  It's a big place, so even though they were busy on a Saturday morning, we had no trouble getting a table.
I went to this diner last night with friends. We have gone many times in the past however last night was awful. My friend ordered pork chops medium and asked please don't make them dry. They were so dry she ate one with a bottle of ketchup on it. We told our waitress and she brought the owner over. He looked at the pork chops and asked her to turn them over. We received our check and the pork chops was on the check. We asked the waitress about it and she said if she took off the dinner the owner said he was going to charge for her vegetables. Really now. So when we got up to pay the bill I told the owner that I was going to give a bad yelp review. He started screaming at us uncontrollably. It was quite embarrassing. The line for people paying was growing and he was busy screaming at us. If I could have I would have given this dirty diner 0 stars. Somebody really needs to teach this guy how to treat his customers.
Very rude, if zero stars were an available option!  
Not a place to come for anything if your a person of color. 
Tried to come here simply for water Ice, my Girlfriend was shoved by a customer leaving out the door, and then being approached by the very same customer as if his shoving her was her fault causing a scene. While walking into the actual diner the greeter at the door was very rude to her, sort of like she came there to start trouble saying " ok that's enough,we don't do that here". Which resulted in us leaving and feeling unwelcomed. I think that it's quite ridiculous that we have to feel this way in 2017 when we come to places to spend our hard earned cash. This was our first time here and we will not be back. I'm not sure if it was because she is African American or visible lesbian.
I had rated this place based on services and food at the time I had written it. Today I have a tale of caution to share, because their service has changed. 

I am horribly allergic to tomatoes. It is a recent development and being that I had frequently stopped by here, I told the owner of this when we found out. On Fat Tuesday this year, I had decided to try a special that sounded great and had a lovely waitress. I asked her if there was tomato anything in it since I am so horribly allergic. The waitress was new, so she went around to the more seasoned staff, including the chef, and was told there was no tomato. 

When she placed the order she told the chef no tomato and when the chef produced the dish, he assured her once again the was no tomato. The sauce looked suspicious so I just tried a drop and broke out immediately. 

I went to the owner to bring this to attention, and instead of the warm friendly person I knew, he was aggravated and told me that I should have gone to HIM to ask if there was tomatoes in it. When I explained the waitress had made inquiries, he said that his chef doesn't speak the best English and she was wrong not to go to HIM. 

I went back to my table after assuring him my waitress did her job, it was his chef I had issue with. Here, he chewed her out so badly she was crying when she returned. They substituted a different meal, but still charged us full price. I ended up having to go the ER and haven't been back. 

As of today, I don't suggest this place any longer. I don't know what has changed so horribly for the wrong or why they've become this way but steer clear if you have an allergy.
Omg..I was not expecting to find such a legit diner in northeast Philly!

Aside from seeing scrapple on the menu, you'd have easily convinced me that I was back in north jersey. Great coffee, delicious bacon, and a place that actually gets what I mean when I ask for my hash browns well done. If you find yourself in the area, definitely grab breakfast from here!
This place is perfect.  It's a throwback to the old local diner days when the staff new most of the customers by first name. 

Both the food and the atmosphere are special.  Granted, all I had was the creamed chipped beef over hash browns with a side of scrapple but it was exactly what I was hoping for.  I hot steamy pile of chipped beef over crispy hash browns (it's pictured here on Yelp).  The servers as well as the manager we're extremely attentive making sure that everything was as expected. 

The atmosphere is a perfect Old School experience while not looking run down or disheveled. Lot's of wood trim,  Leather booths and old style counters and what seems like 100 (exaggerated) employees hustling around working hard to keep all the customers happy.  I really hope I can get back here sometime for lunch or something else.  It's definitely not fancy, just well operated.  Give them a try, if you appreciate Old School dinning, you will Love this place.
My brother recently had dinner at the Liberty Bell Diner which is in the "Holmsburg" area, and raved about the fresh fish.
So, we decided to give it a try, meeting another couple from Bucks County.
The broiled Tilapia was amazing.  Also, I had pasta fagioli soup, just wonderful and full of tasty herbs and spices.  The salad which also came with the dinner was fresh and a very generous serving.  For desert, I had the bread pudding -that was the only disappointment.  But over all, I give it a five star rating.  The plentiful dinner was very reasonably prices (around $11)  and included soup and salad, the entree, and desert.
Even though we're from a different county, we'll be back for sure.  Also, I liked that the  owner stopped by our table to make sure we we're enjoying everything.
No matter how many times you go to Liberty Bell Diner they never disappoint. With the food or prices.. 

The Diner is always packed with people. Especially the regulars that are always in. I just like how as soon as you walk in you are seated by the owner have your coffee and food with in the matter of 10 min. They always seem to be on Point with everything. 

There is no shortage of parking plenty of room. As I try going as much as possible, I try to get something diffrent to eat each time. This past time I got the eggs benedict with home fries and coffee. Just as expected everything was good. Service was great, food came out hot. And when the waitresses seem to be busy the owner helps out to get things rolling a little faster.. which does help a lot when you need a fill up on the coffee!!
I'm rating this place on a diner level. No, it's not completely mind blowing.  However, if you're looking for  a diner with a good amount of food for a really decent price, I suggest going here. I hit up an early bird special that was around 11 bucks. It started off with soup AND salad. I went for the cream of crab, which was surprisingly pretty good. The salad was your average starter salad; some lettuce, carrots, tomatoes, onions. All in great portion, which I didn't finish. There were also dinner rolls that I wasn't too crazy about, but hey. I bravely ordered stuffed flounder (something I wouldn't normally do at a diner) with a baked potato and broccoli as my sides. The stuffed flounder was tasty. I was pleased. Broccoli was broccoli, and I boxed the potato to take home. As if that wasn't enough food, dessert was also included. You get a choice between cake, jello, pudding, fruit, and ice cream. I went for the cookies and cream ice cream. I always love ice cream. All in all, not too shabby. The place is kind of tacky inside. I could hear a lot of gossip and banter between the servers, but that goes with working in the restaurant business. Service was a little slow despite it being practically empty inside, but the waiter was nice.
I am a fan of the country omelet!!! Loaded with tons of breakfast meats and veggies and it's not overly greasy like most omelets. Although $1 extra for cheese seems a bit much...

Staff is friendly and the service is fast. Great fix for the weekend hangover :)
I stopped in here to eat breakfast after going shopping with my mother in law and my son's gf.

Every time I come here to eat I am 100% satisfied....
They have the best breakfast in town I love the pancakes, eggs, and the crispy homefries. The waitress was very pleasant and the owner is on top of his game. I enjoy coming in here and will continue stopping in here for breakfast when in the neighborhood. I do recommend coming to this diner
Diners are often overlooked and under-appreciated necessities in life, like socks or dental floss. Most are tolerated, few are truly enjoyed.

Liberty Bell Diner falls into the latter category.

Food is a prepared quickly and it's good, a half-step better than the average diner food. The staff are super friendly too.

You can tell it's family run and you'll always see the owners/managers there. They are very welcoming and show sincere appreciation for your patronage. 

The median age of the clientele is really irrelevant to me. It's an inexpensive meal of decent quality served by people who care about their customers. What more could you want from a diner?
I've heard a lot of rave reviews about this place, so I decided to try it out. I've been here twice, and I'm leaning toward 3.5 stars, but I'm feeling optimistic overall.

The pros: The prices are excellent, and the portions are ENORMOUS. The menu is extensive (almost too extensive). The servers are very friendly. The bread is absolutely delicious.

The cons: I've had lunch/dinner food here both times, and honestly, it was just average. Even their famous chicken dish was good but without a "wow" factor. For sides, their sweet potato was coated in some sort of overly sweet maple syrup, and on the opposite end of the spectrum, the broccoli came out dry and unseasoned. 

I think I need to stick with their breakfast options, as my friends have had those and been very happy. I wish that they would downsize the ridiculously large (even by diner standards!) menu to the items they make best. I know there are probably a number of excellent options, but I haven't been here quite enough times to choose them among the just-average options.

Overall, it's my new go-to diner option in the Northeast ... Mayfair Diner is too overpriced, and my old favorite, The Dining Car, just isn't what it used to be in terms of quality. Hopefully I'll narrow down some favorites soon!
Went here for the first time yesterday and I went back today because of how awesome it was! The place was packed both times (which is ALWAYS a good sign). Service is great! The waitresses are very attentive and the host is a doll.
So this is a diner but if there is such a thing, I would consider it a step above oher diners in the area.
They have really affordable dinner specials, everything from seafood dishes, chicken parm, and standard diner fare like chicken croquettes and turkey, which come with bread, soup, salad, AND desserts.
I'll start with the bread.. fresh, homemade assorted rolls (garlic knots, sweet bread, cinnamon rolls) and it's served with butter and if you ask nicely, a garlic olive oil dipping sauce, which is amazing.
Soups I've tried were so good. They have alot of variety. Past two nights the soups of the day were chicken noodle, chicken rice, Manhattan Clam chowder, crab of crab, cream of turkey, and pasta fagoli. The ones that me and my party tried were really good.
For dinner the first night I had steak in a cream sauce with crab meat and mushrooms, it was so good! Tonight I had stuffed flounder which was only $12 on the Early Bird (before 6) menu.
All and all, I found a new spot and I will absolutely be back!
I always recommend my friends and family to come here but not anymore. Not only is the owner racist, he does it so out in the open with no respect. I didn't even say anything. But he not only lost my business but a ton of other people from me like all my friends, my family and my clients. Not just myself; but my friends and family also owns tons of businesses. There it is for your asian customers. Goodbye
Best diner in Phili!  Not one bad thing on the menu.  I've had almost everything here and nothing has been disappointing!
Our Sunday morning meanderings brought us here.   Some people have throwback Thursdays, but we had a throwback Sunday as soon as we entered the Liberty Bell Diner.  LBD's decor evokes the 1960's, although someone tried to update the vibe by adding sponge painting to the walls (not a great add). Perhaps because most diners are carpet-free, I noticed both the presence of carpeting and that it was spotless.  LBD is a particularly clean and quieter than average diner.

Within two minutes of our sitting at our table, our waitperson appeared to take our beverage order.   The coffee was decent (I would have preferred a stronger brew) and hot.  

Mr.  M. ordered the pancakes and bacon, and he quickly cleaned his plate.   He noted that the bacon was perfectly crisp without being burnt.  Not always easy to achieve.  Although the menu included mostly traditional diner choices, I was thrilled to spy a tomato and basil omelet.  It was full of diced tomatoes and fragrant with just wilted basil.   The omelet, however,  had no loft to it, and I prefer a fluffier omelet.  It, nonetheless, was tasty. The rye toast was darkly toasted, as I had requested and  was the proper kind of rye (deli style) with the right amount of toothiness.    The potatoes were hash browns instead of real home fries, and I am not a fan of the former. 

The service was solid:  attentive and speedy.    Two disappointments, I did not hear the traditional Philly diner greeting used (i.e., no "hons") and the prices were relatively high for this tier of breakfast joint.
The wife and I love this place. The customers, mainly, skew to the senior end of the spectrum. Doesn't bother us a bit. Staff are always friendly, know the dishes and aren't afraid to recommend something different for the indecisive. 

We've never left hungry. Soups are very good, especially their cream of turkey. Menu is large, and I try something new on nearly every visit. Might not be for everyone, but we love this spot.
The food is good but the service is terrible. Which has started to stop me from coming back. Definitely don't make you feel like a valuable costumer. The last time I was there, I heard a server talk about African Americans negatively and using words like "those people". Which made me uncomfortable even patronizing the business.
It sucks because the food isn't 1/2 bad But an unpleasant place to patronize.
Food orders were all wrong not remotely how I asked for the anything. For 70 dollars for 4 platters it could've been right. My wings were extremely soggy smh never again
Have driven by this place a million times and finally tried it. It was Mother's Day do we had a little wait and well what can u say???? It was amazing. The food was was fresh and cooked well. Our waitress Adam, was delightful. She realized that my hash browns come out the wrong way ( I didn't say anything) ( it was busy) and brought me s whole new set with my cheese and onions on them.
Here again with my grandmother. We got the early bird special. I got the chicken scampi with sweet potatoes and my grandmother got the turkey meatloaf. The dishes come with soup, salad, bread, and desert. Lots of choices of soup to choose from, the bread was mixed with cinnamon, cheese, and garlic, and a decent selection of desert. Katie was our server and was awesome.
Great 24 hour diner.  They have huge portions and everything I have ever ordered always comes out fast and tasty.  It's family owned and I was really impressed with how everyone works as a team there.  Very hard working people, the owner, despite having so many people working the floor, does everything he can to make the customer's experience all it can be.  He was running plates, collecting cash, even cleaning up just to make sure that all of his customers could be seated quickly and efficiently.  Very popular early bird specials, there is something for everyone.  Cops and Firemen also get a discount.
Good service. Food was good. Coffee good. We normally go to the other diner up the road. It was packed so we tried Liberty Bell. So fat so good.
One of my diner favs. Great staff. Menu is quite large, so be prepared to make a decision. Large portions too.
There are many great things to say about Library Bell Diner. 

I remember years back, mabe 20 years ago this was a Roy Rodgers for the longest time. Growing up down the road it was my spot to eat. 

Now it's Liberty Bell Diner. Drove past many times, never thought of stopping in for a bite to eat till today for breakfast. I did not know what to expect. But Yelp users are always the ones for good advice, so I went off by reading all the great reviews. 

I walked in and was seated right away, and given a huge breakfast menu selection. So much. The breakfast special menu had to Atleast be a page long. With prices raging from $4 for smaller portion of breakfast to bigger portions of other breakfast for $6. 

I was pleased by the fast seating when I arrived to the great service. Waitress kept coming back to the table every 5 min asking if I needed anything and more coffee. 

This is a great location, on Frankford Ave and not to far from Torresdale Ave. 

Looking forward to going back for another good breakfast!! I hope everyone has the great experience like I did when eating hear!!
I rarely write a review unless an experience is very good or very bad. I came here for breakfast as a last resort after finding another place closed, and was very pleasantly surprised. The specials are a good value, coffee is decent, and to my amazement, the jelly they offer does not contain HFCS! They also do not offer equal/aspartame sweetener, which suggests to me they actually care about what they are putting in people. I will be back here again. Last time I tried it was for dinner, and I was not as impressed, but may give them another shot.

Additionally, the wait staff was very pleasant, fast, and attentive even after bringing my food. Though there's some fixtures that are a little worn, the restaurant is clean. 

I give 4 stars only because of a less than perfect experience for dinner here about a year or so ago. If my wife and I try dinner again, and find it to be better, I will update my review.
My sons favorite diner. They always have my fav which is the eggs Benedict and he gets his pancake fix. Staff are friendly and efficient and we always enjoy it when we come here.
They have the best food for a diner. The owners are extremely nice and welcoming, too! We are regulars there and it's because of the extremely nice staff, and the food! Their portions could feed 2 people, and it never looks like just slop on a plate. They have specials every day, and it is one of the few diners I know of with FRESH seafood. The owner brings it over from Jersey every day. If you go, try to make it for the early bird. you can't beat the price for all you get. The quality of their food is high too. I like knowing I'm not eating rubber chicken.
Ordered take out.... 2 orders of chocolate chiP pancAkes 1 w bananas and both with bacon. Boyfriend picked it up. Upon arrival the MANAGER ALI, told him it was ready but stood there not gathering our order, instead flirting w a waitress, i got news for u hun (sweety ur not cute and/or gods gift to the world) anyways...  he waited ten minutes before he told the guy he needed his food and had to go, manager says one second i have to add up your order..... Total 27.90!!!! For Two orders of pancakes and bacon??? I just cant seem to comprehend it beings i work as a waitress at a diner and added the same order up as if i was ordering at my job and it was 18.70  Absurd!!! He gets home i look at the food pancakes were small bacon was raw, i called back to return the food and get my money back but was being respectful when i called because i wanted to skip the rift raft of causing a scene inside the establishment because i happen to have an uncontrollable temper.  I walk in and instead of just handing me my money, he grabs a menu Nd tries to break down the prices for me in which i preceed to tell him i don't care i just want my money back... He argued with me over and over. After arguing w me one of the owners decided to tell him just give her the money, but then shorted me 1.40 which isnt a big deal but quite annoying after he ran his mouth and told me that my boyfriend must of lied about the price. The management here is TERRIBLE. I USED TO FREQUENT HERE W MY DAUGHTER, because she loves it even after i had a bad experience w the same person. However, i will NEVER STEP foot in this establishment again. There management is the worst ive ever met thus far. What happened to making the customers happy, and customers are always right!! Save your aggrevation and money and head to the dining car....  NEVER AGAIN.
My family and I have loved this diner for some time and have not had a bad meal here.  Sandwiches, burgers, steaks, soups, "upgrade" meals are well prepared.  Desserts could be better but that's what the Dining Car nearby is for.  Portion sizes are large.  Nice family restaurant, law-enforcement friendly, skews older crowd when I've been here.  

We've come so often, the owner gave us a "permanent" 10% off card when paying with cash.  You can also find coupons sometimes in the NE Times.  Best Diner in the Northeast!
Almost too much to choose from...we went on a busy Saturday evening and we were promptly seated and our food was served quickly.  Our family of four each found what we wanted and were very pleased.
This my father and I's favorite place for a quite bite to eat in Northeast Philadelphia.  He goes there so often he has a VIP discount card.  The food is extremely affordable and the portions are gigantic.  My favorite meals are the turkey club w/ home fries, the chicken quesidilla, and the Texas chicken sandwich.  I seriously dream about the home fries.  They are to die for especially when the are well done and burnt.  The service is quick and accommodating.  They waitresses have that gritty Philadelphia blue collar feel to them but that's what I love about the place.  They always make you feel welcome without putting on airs.  Great for comfort food and a true Philadelphia experience.
Loved the ambiance as the food was totally satisfying. The omelet was a very healthy potion (meaning LARGE). Home fries are cooked perfectly.  

Looking forward to my next visit.
Good food. Large portions. Affordable prices. Always a good expirience breakfast, lunch or dinner.
Great place to grab breakfast. Staff is always very friendly. Good prices and big platters. We will be back
Friendly and fast service with perfectly cooked bacon. They also have a nice variety on their menu. Glad we stopped by here for breakfast!
Went to diner. Ordered london broil. It was chewy and greasy so i sent it back. The owners brother took the food. When he came back to my table he said me and the girls ate it and it was fine, nothing wrong with it. Really? You just said this to a paying customer. The owner came over and offered to get me something else. I declined. I told him I didn't appreciate what his brother said to me. The owner gave me a bill with the items I kept which totalled more than the special. I said to the owner I think this is a mistake. He told me no mistake. That is how much he appreciates his customer. Small men who didn't appreciate a woman standing up for herself. Stay small gentlemen, stay small. Shame on you.
Had a late breakfast here with my mom today.  She loves it here.  Friendly service and out food came out quickly!
Despite living in the area for over 20 years - we have never been to the Liberty Bell.  Avid breakfast junkies that we are (HE rather than ME) we decided to try it out.  We were greeted and seated immediately and the place was full for a Wednesday morning.  Tables, booths and a sit and eat bar offers plenty of seating options.  well lit and decorated with liberty bells and classic red white and blue theme. Food served properly and hot, no way these plates sat under a heat lamp for more than a second!   A sure pick for a cheap eats place - plenty of menu specials coupled with blackboard specials to boot.  Got out of there with full bellies for just over 10 for the both of us (not counting tip) The high point I have to say as a tea drinker was the full pot of steaming hot tea in addition to my cup.  Tea drinkers are often overlooked as coffee is usually top dog - having the pot and being able to top off and refill my tea was a HUGE plus and greatly appreciated.  Stop in to the Liberty Bell, one of the finest diners in the area, you won't be disappointed.
I love Liberty Bell, best breakfast in town but today I doubt I will go back, during this pandemic I worry about health and not ONE server, or the owner, or the busboy was wearing a proper mask!!  I cannot take a chance of the best breakfast being my last! Done with Liberty Bell for the foreseeable future and you should be too!! Let me give them a bit of advice, the mask goes OVER your MOUTH and NOSE!!
I was in the mood for Belgian waffles and this was the first place that popped up on DoorDash. It was close, had a good rating, and I checked the photos here and the food looked good. Price was steep but I know restaurants have jacked up prices lately over food delivery application fees and staff shortages so I let it slide as long as the food was good. I ordered a Belgian waffle with a side of bacon and home fries along with mozzarella sticks and slice of cherry pie. After seeing the pictures of the waffles on here, I was shocked that it looked exactly like the waffles we make here at the house. Pictures on here have huge waffles with a liberty bell symbol on it but what I got was your run of the mill Belgian waffle. The waffle itself was average, the only real star was the whipped butter it came with which was good. The bacon was good, extra crispy. Home fries were awful. It was shredded hashbrown and I have no idea how they cooked it. There were no brown marks on it, it was yellow and tasted like they microwaved it with oil poured on it. And there's a ton of it and it tastes nasty. The mozzarella sticks are homemade but they're bland with too much breading. The cheese didn't taste like mozzarella but I couldn't tell you what it was. The cherry pie looked good but the crust was terrible. Tough, rubbery, a supermarket pie tastes better than this. I thought this was going to be amazing but it sucked. Just so disappointed.
Chicken Parm sandwich w/ fries.  

Where was the chicken? Those breaded pieces of chicken were definitely the frozen kind and wafer thin.  There were 3 different types of fries in my order, did you just use the bottom of all bags that were running low? What the heck are you doing there? . 

Why was the bread on the sandwich so dam hard?
Have driven by this place a million times and finally tried it. It was Mother's Day do we had a little wait and well what can u say???? It was amazing. The food was was fresh and cooked well. Our waitress Adam, was delightful. She realized that my hash browns come out the wrong way ( I didn't say anything) ( it was busy) and brought me s whole new set with my cheese and onions on them. 

Last visit knocked 2 stars off . Got the prime rib and it was terrible. Looked good. The owner come over and then hit me another piece. Still bad. I said it Yo him and he was offended. Sometimes even a good looking piece of meat Is bad.
My friend and I have been here a few times now and it's constantly good. Portions and prices are reasonable. We've always had great meals here and wonderful service. The French toast is probably one of the best I've had!
It is a diner. A real one. Their breakfast sandwich is on point, their waffles rule, and to quote agent cooper "damn fine cup of coffee"
Came here on a whim because it was close, turned out to be a great find!!! Awesome service, genuinely friendly staff, nice, cozy place. The owner, (I think) was walking around working and checking up on staff and customers, really nice guy. Very clean & food was amazing especially for a diner. Huge menu, and food was made quickly!! Exceeded all and any expectations! 
Definetly telling my family and friends about this little place. 
If you're hungry for anything and wanna spend less than $20/person for a huge portion of great food, this is the place. Can't say enough good things.
Quite possibly the worst meal I ever had in Philly. I was really hungry after having a great time with friends in Tacony after midnight and found this place. It was like out of a John Waters movie. Waitress, an older disheveled woman, was friendly but disoriented and confused. Ordered a burger that was some gray inedible patty, with really stale lukewarm fries. I like diners ... but not this one!
I like this place but I hate that the owner talked shit about me to my face about the time I complained that their French Onion Soup was just a little bit greasy and just requested a remake. 

I don't think he knew I was the one who made the complaint.

Oh well.
UPDATE: This is an update to a review I wrote on 12/19 that Yelp moved to the "not useful" section.

My sister went into the diner to get a refund of the money we were owed (even though they only refunded HALF of what we were owed) and she was stunned to find a LINE of people who were also overcharged and trying to get their money back. All of them had the same waitress the night prior and she messed up on almost every table she served. Everyone in line was overcharged. Shame.
Love this place, cousin owners are very nice and now what customer service is all about. I've been here a bunch of times at different times of the day. Breakfast is great- my boyfriend loves the liberty bell waffle and I like corned beef hash. Dinner I always get the broiled seafood combo- so much food that I always go home with a doggie bag. Also I'm pretty sure my boyfriend would do anything for the cream of turkey soup. Also frequented by police officers.
You really can't ask for much better Diner & Liberty Bell when it comes to breakfast. lunch or dinner. No matter what time of day I come in here.. The service is always great. With the food being so good. I eat hear more for breakfast and always enjoy it. My favorite is the creamed chipped beef and the French toast... But are so many options to choose. I like there coffee. Always hot. And never to week. 

The owner is always there.. Hes the guy that sits the ppl all the time in the morning for breakfast... It's can get packed... But they always get u seated in no time. 

This Diner really is ran to perfection... I always tell everyone that they have to give it a try. Atleast once. To know the experience of good food...
Rating 3.5

Pros
Fastest service I've ever received at a diner
No wait on a Sunday morning
A parking lot

Cons
No "WOW" items basic diner food pancakes, eggs etc.
Could use a renovation

Went here with 2 friends after a workout on a Sunday morning. I ordered a meat omelette with home fries, toast. Decent food but nothing really makes this place stand out. I'd come back but I'm in no hurry.
I'm giving a 4 star review for the times when I have come during "off hours" and service has been really slow. When I come Sundays for breakfast or brunch, as. Usually do, everything is always so smooth and our food comes quick and when they are really busy we never wait more than 5-10 minutes.   I have never been dissapointed by anything on their menus, the servers and all employees are really nice and friendly. My boyfriend from.NJ likes to come here Instead of his favorite place by home because their breakfast is good and loves they way they make hash browns. 


We used to go to red Robin diner, but if you want to know why I stopped going there just look for my review on their yelp page.

So thanks liberty bell for being friendly and delicious!
I had low expectations based on the look of this place, but this is a "you can't judge a book by its cover" place. We came in for lunch, but ordered breakfast. I got two eggs easy side up, fruit salad, and a ham steak. I looooooved the ham steak. It was freshly grilled- you could see the grill marks and taste the char!! Highly recommended. The sunny side up eggs were underwhelming, but tasty and the fruit salad was standard, but lacked some flavor. My friend ordered scrambled eggs, toast, and hashbrowns. It was just the standard and what you'd expect from a diner. I'm not sure exactly how clean the diner is as in some spots seats and glasses seemed a tiny bit dirty.
Liberty Bell is delicious and consistently so. Their prime rib is one of my faves. It's always cooked to perfection and it's sooooooo much food. Their breakfast is always delicious, especially their omelets. Whether I've ordered delivery or gone in person, the food is consistently delicious. They're also open 24/7 which is wonderful. They're usually packed if you go in person but all of the staff there are wonderful.
I have been going to Liberty Bell diner for almost five years now, probably once a month at least, but we definitely go through periods where we stop in weekly, so I feel really well positioned to offer a thorough review! 

I LOVE the service at Liberty Bell.  When my boyfriend and I enter, we are always greeted by either the owner or the manager with a handshake and a warm greeting.  From the instant you enter you know that the owner takes personal pride in the quality of service and food. The waitstaff can be hit or miss, but never "misses" in any substantial way, always friendly, just sometimes the personality isn't what you are looking for during a quick meal (but that's the charm of a diner too, I suppose).  Never had a problem though that would need to be addressed with a manager. 

Onto the food - Liberty Bell won my heart by being a diner smart enough to ALWAYS (really, always!) offer chicken noodle or some kind of chicken soup, and it comes with every meal!  I consider myself a chicken soup aficianado, the soup at Liberty Bell is almost always the right mix of hearty, spicy, but simple so very recognizable as the soup you had as a kid.  Love it. 

The other food can be hit or miss - after all, it's a diner!  But the only time I ordered something I was truly unhappy with, I didn't even ask for any special treatment, the server just noticed I hadn't really touched my dish and asked what was wrong.  Not wanting to be rude, I was vague: 'it just wasn't for me' (in fact it was totally gross, but it was a risk I knew I was taking when I ordered it so it wasn't his fault).  He offered to replace it with something else at no charge, and insisted, so I ended up with a delicious turkey club.  For the record, the "gross dish" was a roasted turkey dinner - if you are expecting Thanksgiving on a plate, as I was, you will be disappointed!!

Other things that are great - cheesesteaks, sandwiches of any kind, pot roast dinner, fried chicken dinner (tastes good, but portion is comparatively small for the value), and really almost any of those quick serve type foods.  And the best thing is, risk is minimized because if you're unhappy they will replace it with no fuss!

Definitely recommend Liberty Bell - FAR better than the "Dining Car" down the street, though I know that comment could start some wars in Northeast Philly!  ;-)
Quite possibly the most mediocre and strange dining experience I've ever had, which is saying something.

For starters, the food was bland. Not even bad enough to be memorable. I had a Chicken Caesar wrap that was much smaller than any diner portion I've seen and it had no taste. OK, not great but I'm willing to give the benefit of the doubt - maybe they're better at breakfast food, or they're busy etc..

Unfortunately, the attitude of our waitress killed it for us. She could be best described as passive aggressive. I was with 3 men, between 28-30 and she insisted on calling us all "boys" several times and constantly emphasizing on the word. I get that I have short hair and all but, that is something women can have without someone getting confused. Also, the males I was with are men, not boys. The worst part of our interactions with her was when she was telling us the soups of the day and one of my friends asked her what the first one she said was. She wouldn't tell him, opting to instead say "What did I just say?" 3 or 4 times before I had to step in and tell him what she said. You're a waitress, answer the question, don't act like a jerk. 

Jerky staff and bland food, think I'll pass. Plenty of other food choices around the area.
This is a diner - good plain food at low prices.  My wife and I both had hot turkey open face sandwiches - I think they had some kind of special going because we got both salad and soup along with sides and etc for like 13 bucks each.  Coffee was extra and while not Starbucks it was ok, not bitter not watery, just weak.

The food was fine - it is what it is.  A large portion of food served with care and a nice attitude by waitresses who might not have give the attention of fine dining, but have a load of tables and plenty of side work.

The sandwiches and platters we saw coming out to other tables looked uniformly good.

When you want a diner this place is quite good and unlike the dining car takes credit cards saving you from using their predatory pricing ATM - albeit they don't have the range of deserts and a bar like the DC Diner...

Both places are quite good take your pick...
Usually always get breakfast, love the creamed chipped beef. My husband loves the liberty bell waffle. Stopped for dinner one night, had french onion soup = gross! I just asked to take it off the bill. The manager was extremely nice, even downed the way the kitchen prepared the soup. He made a new one and sat it in front of me and said "I personally made this" I didnt like the broth (too salty bouillon cube city) so didn't eat his either. Although I like that the manager's ensure the quality of your meal. Owner's are fantastic
Not the best diner but not the worst either. The place is small and felt rather cramped.  There's also the strange paint (or is it wallpaper?) on the walls.  It's not pretty!  In fact, the decor is quite hideous.  The food was standard diner fare but lacked quality.  Between two adults and one child we had a waffle, ham and Swiss omelet, and chicken nuggets and fries.  Everything was pretty "meh".  Everyone working there was friendly but we will continue our search for a better diner.
Where do I start!!! Me and my boyfriend ordered a side of stuffing with our 20$ meal, it literally looked like throw up. Mushy as hell. Taste like wet bread with cinnamon sprinkled on it wth. They also gave me a head of lettuce just so they can save on fries. So disappointed I'm a regular for ice cream, but the food is YUCKYYYYY. I WANT MY 20$ BACK.
Good food, good service. Try Friday nights for a complimentary shrimp cocktail!! Last time I was there(about a week ago), I had the broiled bluefish: decent portions, & the veggies were good too. The only thing on the menu I didn't care for were the stewed tomatoes;they weren't stewed, just basically canned roma tomatoes in a pizza sauce. Breakfast is very good also. Stop by the cashier & get a permanent 15% off coupon(laminated) for all purchases, as long as you use cash.
This is my second visit to Liberty and both times I have been impressed with the food. The food tastes great and they have generous portions. First time tried the florentine omelet,  it was delicious and tasted fresh. Had a bite of the waffle with fresh fruit and that was really good too. Second visit I came in for lunch and tried the crabmeat melt. I was very impressed with this sandwich, it's like an awesome crabcake with cheese and a tomato. Definitely worth trying something new. Will be back soon!
I have had good meals here in the past. For Thanksgiving, I didn't go out or cook this year. I never eat out for Thanksgiving. I was disappointed with the turkey dinner. Overall, very bland. Particularly the stuffing and gravy. Should of followed my first instinct and just got take out at Boston Market.
Probably my favorite breakfast spot in Northeast Philly, killer menu and quick service
This is by far my favorite diner. They serve food quickly and the prices are fantastic for the amount of food you get. I went here for lunch and ordered their lasagna, which was pretty good. I was given bread, soup, salad and dessert with my entree for less than $15.
Love the liberty bell! Have eaten here at every meal and have to say the early bird is my favorite. You get soup, salad, homemade break, desert and entree for a low price. I've had several pasta dishes (chicken pram and pene vodka) and seafood dishes and everything is always delish. I end of leaving stuffed to the max. Love the eggs Benedict for breakfast. Great atmosphere too, very family oriented.
Good service,  but I only ate here once with my son and we both got really bad upset stomachs from the food.  Typically we are pretty solid and can handle the oddest concoction of foods, but this place just did not sit well. I wasn't wild about the flavor of the food either. I probably would not go back based on this experience.
I've been here quite a few times and enjoyed breakfast here. The few times I've gone it was crowded but we were seated at a pretty good time. I went in with a group of children and the wait staff was very helpful and friendly. The kids made a mess of the tables and the floor as kids do- and the staff was so inviting and friendly that they told me it's okay, kids will be kids and to enjoy. The staff was very friendly and helpful and made suggestions as to what to order when we were still trying to decide. 
The pancakes are delicious here and the eggs and sausage. 
I also like to come here in the summer and enjoy the Philadelphia water ice and ice cream sundaes that they sell. The water ice is inexpensive and you can get a large Whig is huge for half the price you'd pay at Rita's water ice.
I have eaten here in the past and enjoyed my meals. Unfortunately I can not say the same thing about this time. My family and I ate here on a Thursday afternoon for lunch. We waited almost 10 minutes before anyone even came to our table to ask us what we would like to drink. It was another 10 minutes before our order was taken. We had to wait about 20 minutes for our food which wasn't anything special. I ordered the sampler platter. It came with mozerella sticks but I didn't get any marinara sauce. My Potato skins were burnt so bad to the point that I couldn't eat them. My son got Fetticine Alfredo but it was so bland. The sauce had no flavor to it at all. The best thing about the meal was the Cream of Turkey Soup. Our waitress never came back to our table (which was in the corner) to see if we needed anything so it was an hour later when I flagged down another waitress and asked if we could get refills on our drinks.
If you want family-style treatment, this is the place to go. They provide excellent portion sizes, and cater to many different tastes. Warm and friendly, the staff there remember your name, are very attentive, and if something is not right with your meal (which I have NEVER had happen to me), they will take care of it. I've been going there for years now and haven't been disappointed yet.
This place still gets 5 stars from me. No matter what I get there, it is always phenomenal. But tonight...tonight's dinner was one for pictures. It was of the specials menu. It's stuffed salmon with shrimp. When I saw this plate come out, it knocked me off of my feet!! The salmon was incredible. This crab meat is always tender and plentiful. The breading is always crispy, and everything is always bursting with flavor. No cocktails or tartar sauce needed, ladies and gentlemen. Those two condiments would be an insult to this dish!! 

The other entree is my mom's plate. It's veal with raviolis in a creamy Parmesan sauce. She also ordered hers off of the specials menu. It was garlicky and everything you would want Parmesan sauce to be. Neither one of us finished these dishes, and I'm so incredibly happy I get to eat this again tomorrow.
Love, love this place.  Owner is great and very friendly. Servers are good but not all of them. Chicken parm is a must and also their chicken in a basket.  Rolls are complimentary and very good.  Nice ambience and plenty of flat screens for your morning news if you're there for breakfast.
This is is in my opinion the best diner in the northeast. The portions are good, the prices are fair and the wait staff are friendly. I eat here once a week and have done so for a long time. I have never had anything that wasn't really good. 
Please don't come here if you re drunk. This is a nice family place. No one needs to watch you make a fool of yourself. 

I was amused by the negative comment provided by someone who admitted he was drunk.
The best in Holmsburg.  Food portions are large, the price is good.  Friendly athmosphere.  W e dine there once a week.
I have never had a bad meal here. We are here at least twice a week for breakfast or dinner. They have the best creamed chipped beef I have ever eaten. Also the soups and seafood are delicious. The managers are always present ensuring great meals.
I should've went to the dining car.  this is my opinion so I do not mean to offend anyone who comes here regularly or just loves this place. We usually would not order steak from a diner only bc we underestimate most diners anyway but the waitress (v) suggested the special..maple glazed or something along that line..steak. Steak came, all fatty meat. I wish I had a picture to show. And we ordered the steak well done (bc that is just how my old man prefers all cuts of steaks!) after we told the waitress that's not well done, it was more medium rare..the only offer we had was to have the steak sent back and cooked more. Who in their right mind would send food back after being dissatisfied? Not us. The beans on the side were weird looking and unappetizing. Anywho, the owner walks past and tells us he's sorry about the steak..they didn't make it well done bc this cut is not suppose to be cooked this way. Bull. It was complete fatty. And it's our preference since we are the ones consuming the food. Not anyone else's. It was just not good overall. We wont be going back.
"Regretful "is best word for this place :(
Every time I go out to eat in this area nothing but disappointment.

 I hate left over food . I would have stayed gone to McDonald's

There's no way sausage cook that fast. The sausage is pre-cooked and microwaved. Nasty

Chip beef tasted like flour so thick could not even eat left it in table. Nasty

I am paying for you to cook me fresh food not hour prior because you think your saving time.

Actually I want my money back I don't know why I have to pay for food is garbage.


Now I feel sick from eating at this place my stomach is going to turn all day
I would not get paid if I did this crap on my job
Food is eh, pretty quick service. Definitely the WORST French Fries I have ever eaten in my life. Hard to screw up fries but they managed to. Hoagie was ok. You can definitely find better hoagies and sandwiches in Philly
This place is so overrated! N I speak for many people. First of all yes cheap prices but YES cheap food. In a pinch I would order delivery cause of weather n don't feel like cooking. BUT WHERE THESE WORKERS LEARN TO TELL TIME! 20-25 MIN IS HOUR IN HALF. THEN WHEN CALL THEY LIE! Only live 5 blocks away. When call to cancel they say the person is out front. REALLY IM AT DOOR NO ONE THERE. I SAY I'M CANCELING AGAIN. Guess the Turks don't understand ENGLISH. cause 30minutes LATER KNOCK AT DOOR. THOUGHT THEY WERE OUT FRONT.  And word of advice.  Phone manners would be nice. The 1 star is to good. I give it no stars.
After driving around random side-streets in Philly for a good 20 minutes and not finding any parking for the brunch places there, we said Eff It and found something on the outskirts of the city. Liberty Bell was on the way and had good reviews (and parking) so that was our choice.

We had about a 5-10 minute wait but it went by quickly and we were seated in a good people-watching spot. We got hot coffee and tea and placed our orders pretty quickly. I ended up with a breakfast sandwich with egg whites, bacon, and swiss on an English muffin and a side of home fries. My food was delicious and didn't go straight through me as lots of diner food usually does. 

It was clean, very busy, and the prices were good. Great stop if you're in the area.
The service here was good and the food was A-OK just like the 3 stars would indicate. I would good back after trying other diners in the area.
Love this place!!! Definitely my go to diner. Best cream chipped beef around. The cream of turkey soup is awesome
Very crowded. Okay food. Went for breakfast and the waiter never brought my toast or was available to even refill my coffee. I've had better experiences here but this time was just okay
I absolutely love their sirloin steak! It is super tasty and is cooked perfectly. I'm not a big fan of home fries so I didn't eat much of that but it wasn't bad. If you're hungry, their portions are HUGE! It is definitely filling. 

They have a pretty big parking lots so I wouldn't worry about no parking space. All together in total is about $29ish. Not bad considering that I won't be eating for a while after this heavy breakfast. 

Would definitely come back!
Walked in to pick up a take-out order. Encountered female server behind register NOT WEARING A MASK.  She continued, without mask, over to the table where my food was packaged up.  Had my order not have been paid for via Grubhub, I would have refused it.  This is a place that attracts many elderly and compromised folks, healthcare workers and public servants ;PD, FD, EMS.) How disrespectful???  As is, I've been a loyal customer and due to this flippant behavior amidst a pandemic, I will never return.
No stars! After waiting 2 1/2 hours we called to cancel and they said no...finally got our food and we had missing main items, cracker chicken was burnt and dry.. pasta was sour. Other Burnt items and everything was cold! No refunds no credit no sympathy. Very disappointed in their lack of care.
Do yourself a favor and don't pass by just because it doesn't look like much from the outside. I ate at the liberty bell when it first opened many years ago and I remembered that the portions were big, prices were low and service was quick. So when I received a gift certificate for Christmas I was excited to revisit an old favorite. I have to say that not much has changed, food was delicious and seasoned well. Portions are huge, staff runs like a well oiled machine and they are very courteous and attentive. We went for breakfast, despite how busy they were, we were seated quickly and our food came out lightening quick. My only purpose for 4 stars was my slight disappointment that my potatoes and chipped beef weren't proportioned properly, I could have used another scoop of potatoes to soak up all of the creamy beefy goodness. Do yourself a favor and fill up without breaking your budget.
This place looks pretty old from outside, but it surely worth a visit when you want a good breakfast! Our waitress was friendly and fun, brought us food pretty fast. We joked with her about how we were thinking about going to Camden, NJ for dinner later, her face just completely turned pale and expressions froze, thanks for warning us and serving us yummy omelettes.
I love the food here, but sadly I won't be returning.

I was charge 48.55 for a dinner that should have been way less. They gave me what was supposed to be a 15% discount and I paid 44.05 (two mathematical errors in one instance). I called in later because I knew that total was not right. So while on the phone, they re-total my bill and tell me it should have been 36 dollars and I was overcharged 11.76. I do not live close so I had my sister go and pick up the refund while I was at work, and they gave her SIX DOLLARS. Now I'm no mathematician, but 44-36=8, so at the very least it should have been an 8 dollar refund. HOWEVER, there was a special for cash customers to get 15% off their bill. So my $36 bill should have dropped to $31, thus bringing my refund to around $13. Clearly math is not their strong suit at this place. I also tipped 10 bucks based off the total of the bill. 

ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS check your bill before you leave this place. We ordered a salad, a hot meal, and a kids meal. My mistake for not totaling up my own bill before paying. With the refund, I wound up paying $38, which was more than the original bill itself. 

Very disappointed. The food is good, but be prepared for mistakes with your meal as well as your check. Order on GrubHub, at least there the totals are correct!
My boyfriend and I went here a few times for breakfast. The food is great. The atmosphere is cool. The only downside is that some of the older waitresses can be really rude and miserable. I worked in food service, so I get that everyone has their bad days, but it was pretty consistent. One time when we went we had a friendly male waiter who was awesome. The food is a little pricey compared to other diners in the area though.
Don't let the exterior fool you, this is a top contender for best diner in philly. This is exactly what a diner should feel like. Came here for thanksgiving dinner late after work , met up with my sister. And it was way better then most thanksgiving meals I've ever had. And yes we got mozzy sticks  on thanksgiving. Also their breakfast is killer with better potato pancakes than dining car ( and I love dining car)
I gave 2 stars because the salad was fresh but the place was dirty and the food was not good! I got a pasta trio special and it was sooooo MUSHY, i have no idea what kind of sauce it was but it left grease all over my mouth. Well what i can say is I tried it and i will NOT be back!
I was looking for breakfast suggestions through Yelp in the Northeast Philadelphia area and came across THE LIBERTY  BELL DINER. 

The last review caught my attention as they mentioned people of color aren't welcome; so I
came Friday for brunch with my husband; we're yellow people  

Nice spot to stop by for breakfast in Mayfair/ NE. Philly's decor, busy ambiance, food is good lots of it and served fast. Kudos to owner who's also the chef  this Turkish owner has a great personality and shows love for his business and welcomes people of all race and color.
Owners and staff are friendly. The food is great with a LARGE selection! It has everything from breakfast to dinner...all kinds of sandwiches and planters. And the portions are huge, you'll never leave hungry. It's a great neighborhood dinner.
Liberty Bell is the best we order from there all the time, their menu is so extensive you never have to have the same thing twice. Sometimes delivery is a bit of a wait because they're that busy and that popular but it is worth it. Best cheesesteak I have ever had in my life!
We've been coming here for quite a while. It was recommended to us by our mechanic who is around the corner. Hours are great Open till 1am during the week and 24 hours on the weekend. The steak sandwiches are great, when I say extra fried onions, not just a sprinkel. Their dinners are really satisfying.  AND they have bluefish on the menu all the time. that is my favorite.  portions are really huge. my husband is partial to pork chops and veal scalopine. both of which they do well. And he loves their snapper soup. And I do agree the cream of turkey soup is awesome. Some have commented that you need to be 80 yrs old for this to be a place to go. The staff and the owners are very friendly. I don't see a problem there, It's a neighborhhood diner. I don't see a problem there. Prices are fair, portions are more than acceptable, and early bird specials are available longer than most other restaurants. Still don't see a problem with that. And along with their fresh baked goods and puddings they have water ice available all year. Ain't nothing wrong with that, and if I am very lucky they have Rootbeer flavor which I take home in a quart container. Awesome. I guess it's a northeast philly attitude the naysayers are on about. Plus these type of diners are offering soup, salad, entree and dessert for one price. no sneaky extras added in to pad the bill. not everyone is flush with cash. A lot of people are on fixed incomes and appreciate that the price you see is what u will pay. If u want to pay extra for soup or salad or dessert and u feel better about a restaurant because the age range is closer to 20 the please go somewhere else This place is a gem.
