Last night, my girlfriends and I enjoyed a very carb-heavy meal at Little Nonna's, and I loved every bite. We had an 8pm reservation and were seated just a few minutes later, after a table was cleared. There's not a whole lot of space going on, so I was happy to be seated in the aisle as opposed to trying to squeeze between tables into the banquette side. 

I started with a sgroppino (vodka, prosecco and a scoop of blood orange basil sorbet) - absolutely delightful! Later in the meal I switched to a glass of white wine. It was then that I noticed that all beverages are a flat ten dollars. Good stuff. 

Food-wise, we started with the shaved salad. But let's be real. If you're eating at Little Nonna's you aren't looking to be diet-conscious. Don't kid yourself. Skip the salad and save that room for the good stuff. Like the garlic bread, with spreadable roasted garlic. It's even more delicious when dipped into the sauce left over from the pepperoni marinara mussels. In fact, we shamelessly ordered a second round of that delicious bread. The arancini were also a hit at my table, though I thought the insides were a tad dry. 

For the main course, we shared three pasta dishes: spaghetti and meatballs (so good, though I typically like a little more sauce on my pasta), fusilli di pretti (surprisingly yet delightfully spicy!), and gnocchi (loved the sear on these little nuggets). Having stuffed ourselves silly with the starters, we ended up with leftovers. Which I got to take home. Happy day! 

Dessert was not an option, though I probably would have opted for another sgroppino to finish out the meal if there was just a bit more room (probably for the best that there wasn't). Many thanks to our lovely server, Oren, for putting up with our many questions throughout the meal (I'm still trying to figure out where I know you from!). Can't wait to get back for round two.
4 stars for food, 4 stars for service, 4 stars for ambience

Occasion: eating with two friends on a weekday night out

Ambience: outdoor dining in a little curbside spot, not particularly well heated or cold, but well sectioned off

COVID19 precautions: Wait staff with masks and encouraging of patrons to keep masks on between food

Service: Hostess a little short at times with how she spoke to us, but overall was fine. A bit of a delay in between appetizers and entrees.

Food: 
Garlic bread - pretty great flavors, cheap at $5
BVP Meatballs - $13 - pretty sizeable, 2 for the plate, nice red sauce to pair with the bread
Rigatoni alla vodka $19 - sausage and pasta in little tubes shaped. Large plate. Pasta was maybe a little more firm than I was expecting, but overall was a great plate of food, worth the price. Slow to come out after the appetizers.
Tiramisu cannoli - a cute little way to end the meal, airy, light, sweet.

Tips/Takeaways:
-A beautiful restaurant
-Would recommend returning, the rigatoni dish is pretty great and I am always a sucker for garlic bread. Overall, a restaurant where you can't go wrong.
I've been to Little Nonna's for dinner a couple times and it has never disappointed. The food is phenomenal, staff is friendly, and I really like the ambience and atmosphere. This place is definitely a keeper!

During my most recent visit, I had the Wild Mushroom Bruschetta for an appetizer. I'm honestly not usually a fan of bruschetta because I tend to think it's TOO touch and crunchy, but my boyfriend and I decided to give it a shot here since it was their special for the weekend. After just one bite, I was SO happy we had gotten it! It was to die for good! The bread was absolutely perfect - toasted well but NOT too hard to bite into. It was topped with pesto which really added to the flavor. I hope this special will one day be added to their daily menu! Until then, make sure to get it when you can!

Here's the breakdown of the entrees I have tried:

1) Spaghetti and Meatballs:  This ever so classic item is a total winner! The B+V+P Fontina stuffed Meatballs are absolutely incredible. They are HUGE and sooo flavorful and juicy! The entree is enormous which made it impossible for me to finish in one sitting. I took the leftovers home with me and this $19 entree made for 2 meals! SCORE. 

2) Sunday Gravy: If you are a meat lover, be sure to get this! This entree comes with braised beef short rib, hot fennel sausage, AND that incredibly tasty B+V+P meatball. These meats come with a side of the house macaroni. Once again, I'm biased towards the meatball, but the beef and sausage were also fantastic and super filling. Another entree that is sure to have leftovers. 

3) Bucatini Cacio E Pepe: I was extremely happy with this entree as well! Shallots, parmesan, black pepper, pistachios, and shaved foie gras all combined to make this entree creamy and very unique. I especially loved the pistachios which added a nice crunch to the macaroni. This entree was definitely less filing than the previous two, but just the right amount for one meal. 

Service at this place is prompt and staff is very warm and friendly. I was happy with my experience both times. 

I've sat both inside and outside (they have a patio at the back which I didn't know existed until my second visit!). I was a fan of the ambience of both. In my opinion, the indoor seating has more of a quaint, romantic, "date night" feel while outdoor seating is more vibrant, loud, and a little more casual. Both offer dim lighting and have a charming feel. I would recommend choosing between indoor and outdoor seating depending on the vibe you're going for. :)

I highly recommend checking this place out if you're looking for a nice Italian dinner spit! I know I will for sure be returning!
Make sure to make a reservation! This place is popular and they only have  7 tables for indoor - however they have plenty of outdoor seating.

Staffs were nice - we were seated quickly after promptly arriving for our 6:30pm reservation. We ordered the Wild mushroom Arancini, Rigatoni Alla Vodka, Pan Seared Gnocchi, and Campanelle Nero (squid ink pasta with shrimp).

The Arancini is amazing!! I have never eaten this before and now I'm obsessed. It's crunchy yet soft on the inside, smothered in delicious aioli sauce. It's a MUST order appetizer.

The Gnocchi and Squid Ink pasta were delicious. I like the squid ink dish the best - the sauce was light and didn't have dairy. Tasted more tomato-y base. Gnocchi was nicely seared and the corn and mushroom paired nicely. 

I did not like the Rigatoni with vodka sauce. The best part of the dish was the sausages which were amazing!! Rest of the dish consisted of carbs and sauce. Maybe some vegetables would have complimented the dish.... The dish was so simple I feel like anyone could have gotten vodka sauce from the grocery store and make it themselves. 

Overall had a great experiences. We sat outside in the "covered" sitting area that were built on the roads. The downside with those seating is that there were NO airflow!! It was a 90+ degree day in Philly and we were sweating during our meal. I suggest getting an indoor seating or come during a cooler time.
Loved!!! I want to give this place 4.5 stars. 

The back patio is ADORABLE, romantic, and overall just a great vibe that I am in love with. I pass this place every day on my way to work and never knew it was so quaint and adorable. Food aside its the perfect place to come with friends or on a date especially during twilight hours/sunset 

Ordered the mussels which were in a good tomato sauce - it was slightly more tart than I would have liked but nevertheless delicious. 

The garlic bread here was the best I've ever had. It's $5 and worth every cent. They bring you this delicious toasted bread with fresh caramelized garlic and I basically couldn't eat my main course because I gorged out on this.

For the main course, the spaghetti! Yummmm. DEFINITELY enough for 2 (maybe 3+ people). I was kind of annoyed that when us (as well as the people next to us) asked about the portion size, the waitress was misleading about how large the portion actually is. Luckily my friend and I only ordered 1 (and still couldn't finish it) but the people next to us were led to believe they needed to order more.  But the meatballs were so delicious I guess I wouldn't have been mad if there was extra to take home.

Highly recommended!!!!!!!!
Little Nonnas is a solid place. I can tell they're a little overhyped from the fact I had to make a reservation for Tuesday night dinner (which isn't that common for a "nicer" Philadelphia restaurant.) We started with Arancini and Sunday Meatballs, then the Gnocchi and Swordfish.
The Arancini comes with four balls and is sprinkled with parmesan and is definitively awesome. The meatballs were a little cold and underwhelming given all the hype we've seen-- that said they were GOOD meatballs. 
The Gnocchi tasted great and was well made, but it was way too rich for my tastes. The Swordfish was clearly a hidden gem on the menu (or as hidden as an item can be at a restaurant with acclaim and a short menu... I haven't seen many reviews or pictures of the dish here or on Instagram), tasted great and would definitely order again.
All in all, a great place-- a little underwhelming for the degree of hype surrounding it but also one of few restaurants in Philly that delivers on this quality of food, presentation and taste all at once. Would definitely recommend checking it out if you're in town.
Greasy, spicy, and pricy.

I ordered the chicken Parmigiana and it ended up being the worst that I ever had.

The sauce is very spicy, the pasta very greasy. 

I sat in balcony and could watch they preparing the food. One of the cookers was using his cell phone, texting and browsing, in the meantime between one plate and other. He was using the same hand to touch the food without washing it. I could image him going to restroom with his phone and bringing it back full of bacterias. Kind of disgusting.
This restaurant is great for date night! It's a small space but it's cosy, warm, and inviting. Make sure you wear your fat girl/boy pants because all of the things on the menu are essentially delicious carbs! 

For the appetizer, I got the mushroom arancini and the garlic bread. The garlic bread wasn't as crispy as I would like it to be but the butter and cloves of soft garlic on the side to spread was just perfect! I've never seen the garlic served that way before but I liked it. The mushroom arancini was perfectly cooked- soft on the inside and nicely crisped on the outside. I got the pan seared gnocchi- it was so delightful and just perfectly cooked. The sauce and the veggies alongside the gnocchi were cooked just right. 

My date got the spaghetti and meatballs which is what they're sorta known for. The portion size was slightly overwhelming but overall had a great taste. The meatballs were huge with some kind of cheese on the inside. I just wish the meatballs were a little warmer than they were. For dessert, we got the pistachio cannolis. They were sweet and delicious- possibly a little too sweet for my taste but my date loved them! 

I would highly recommend this little gem of a restaurant.
Very quaint and tasty place to get some traditional italian food. My friends and I did family style, so it was great to try a number of different dishes and appetizers. The charred octopus is great if you're into calamari or that type of food as it's very fresh, and has a great smoked taste. The salad we split was also extremely fresh and refreshing with cute little tomatoes as well...and I think it also had some orange slices thrown in as well that added an interesting twist.While we got a number of dishes, to me the star of the show was the butternut squash lasagna. Pasta was nice and firm, there wasn't too much cheese, and the sauce mixed well with the vegtables to create a very savory and fresh taste. My only regret in going here was sharing the lasagna haha. oh and the garlic bread was good as well.
Pros: Good food.

Cons: Inexcusably bad service.

We had friends in from out of town for one night and wanted to show them that Philly is a great place to be.  They certainly didn't get that impression from Little Nona.

I guess it was a slow night because the restaurant was nearly empty when we ate here.  The ratio of customers to staff was nearly one to one.  Still, we had to ask for water refills four times throughout the meal.  They never brought an appetizer.  They never brought crab utensils for three of us who ordered crabs.  Entrees arrived 15 minutes apart.  We had to interact with five different waitstaff because nobody ever stopped by more than once to wait on us.  It was really hard to have conversation and a relaxed dining experience when you are constantly in need of something and nobody is waiting on you to help.

The food was good, particularly the ripe heirloom tomatoes, but not good enough to redeem itself from the horrible service.  They eventually brought the appetizer during our meal and comped us for it as they knew they were really not keeping it together.  A free late appetizer was not enough to make up for the debacle of this meal.
Came here recently with family and friends for a pre-orchestra show.  We were very pleased overall.

First of all, five stars for service and working with me to accommodate my party which actually grew in size.  We started as four, and then grew to six when my friend wanted to come.  Although I only called for the original reservation four days in advance for 5pm on a Friday, staff was able to help when I called two days later to make it six.  Normally, they only have the outdoor picnic table for a 6-top, but instead they kept us inside and moved some tables together.  Since we were in a "hurry" and had to be out before 6:45 for the 7pm show, we were told as long as we didn't linger around we could be seated for six people.  Now, when I called again to make it eight, they could not do that unfortunately.  

Our waiter was excellent and very on top of the whole meal.  He made recommendations for the toddler with us, and was just helpful throughout.

The food was great.  Three of us started with a Caesar salad and garlic bread.  The polenta croutons were excellent!  I liked mine, but everyone else did not care for the purple radicchio because of the bitterness and most of it went uneaten.  The garlic bread included cloves of garlic ready to be squeezed out like toothpaste and spread onto the buttered and toasted bread.  This was quite the hit!  Four of us went with the spaghetti and meatballs.  Of course, the meatballs just do not rank above my wife's homemade gravy and meatballs.  I thought they were very good and had a different flavor than what I'm used to at home.  These had a heavy sausage flavor.  The melted cheese inside was awesome and unexpected.  My wife and kids were not as much fans about the meatballs.  They are quite big as you can see in other Yelper's pictures. I really liked the gravy which was a hit for all of us.  The sauce had chunks of meat and the spaghetti itself was excellent.  We don't think we've had better pasta anywhere in Philadelphia.  My friend had the Sunday Gravy option which had multiple meats along with spiral noodles in gravy.  He liked it, but couldn't help but compare the gravy to Villa di Roma which he prefers.  My family and I like Little Nonna's.  There was plenty of leftovers to take home for a nice lunch (and I got to have all the leftover meatballs)!

We also had some nice sangria, and the restaurant allow you to even try the liquors (there were four of them) before deciding to buy.  Besides the sangria, we also tried the vodka lemonade, but my wife liked the sangria more so that's what we got.  My friend had two glasses of wine, and we finished with some great limoncello, which, surprisingly, wasn't homemade.

If my family had liked the food a little better, my 4.5 star would have easily gone to the five.  Instead, down to four, but we would come back.  All of us had a great time and again, the service was above average.

$270 including already added tip for 6 (3 adults, teens, and a toddler).
We were at the museum and wanted a great Italian meal.  The reviews for Little Nonna's were very good-however in my opinion, 5 stars were not enough.  Hanna the Host was extremely nice and scored us two seats at the Chef's table right in front of the kitchen.  We had a bird's eye view of the delectable meals coming out.  

The restaurant was cozy and very intimate.  Perfect for a date night with my wife.  Our server Lydia was totally amazing.  We split the Garlic bread and the Spaghetti and meatballs paired with a carafe of Montepulciano d'Abruzzo.  We chatted with the kitchen staff who were very nice and told us what they were preparing.  

Overall, a phenomenal experience.  I highly recommend Little Nonna's!!!
I rarely am treated to poor service, so my experience with Little Nonna's hostess is the worst experience I've had in years.

After we put our name and phone number down, we waited 15 minutes outside (at night, while it was sprinkling). We saw that the couple waiting inside was seated, so we went in to take that spot where they were standing (we were next on the wait list, and again, it was dark, rainy, and cold outside). Less than 2 minutes of standing there, we were told in a rude tone by the hostess to wait outside (IT. WAS. RAINING.) or go to a bar nearby (didn't say what bar or where). We were taken aback because the other couple was standing in the exact same location for LONGER and the same hostess had allowed it for them. Was it racially charged? We certainly think so. The hostess' expression and tone towards us was very different from how she addressed the others waiting at the restaurant.

Not surprisingly, we also NEVER received a text message or phone call that night saying that our table was ready. What was the reason for that? Why would you not tell us if you aren't planning on seating us EVER? We weren't rude back to the hostess and obliged when she told us to leave because we hadn't fully processed what had happened. It wasn't until after we had exited the restaurant and processed what just occurred that we were FUMING.

I haven't been treated this TERRIBLY in years, and do not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Be still my heart!

A charming, intimate, Italian joint with delicious pasta and great service! I finally got to try this place and I was very pleased all around. The pasta dish I had was delicious and I can't wait to go back and try something else. 

Little Nonna's is a perfect spot for a date. The portions aren't so big that you end up stuffing yourself (which is a date no-no), and there's a decent selection for dessert to share. If you haven't been here this is a great place to check out.
I wanted to love-love-love Little Nonna's, and ended up "liking" her instead...just like all my exes!

The service, and specifically our server (Lydia, gotta love that name, my first kiss was from a girl named Lydia...ahhhhhh) was terrific, (and such great hair too)!  The dull, dingy atmosphere was so dark for our middle aged eyes, we needed our flashlight to read the short and sweet menu. 

We started with splitting the risotto balls, fried goodness with some mild mushroom flavor - 3.5 stars.  One order for two people are plenty, and they sink right to the bottom of your stomach.

For entrees, my hot hot hot blonde date for Saturday evening had the Sunday gravy.   The short rib, meatballs and sausage served with pasta covered in the slow-cooked meat enhanced sauce was a good attempt to replicate my Grandmom's gravy from when I was a kid.  It came close - 4 stars

I had the brick chicken with artichokes hearts and roasted fingerling potatoes.  The potatoes were 5 star.  The skin on the chicken could have been more crispy, but the meat underneath was so melt-in-your-mouth tender and so full of flavor.  overall 4 stars

We had no room for dessert, but being the gluttons were are we split the semifreddo.  "Semi" means half, semifreddo is half frozen mousse.  It was served 100% frozen, but after finishing our wine the dessert slowly defrosted to the desired consistency and was good enough to be eaten to plate-clean status but not the best I've had.- 3.5 stars

4 stars may have been a tad high of a rating, 3.75 is more like it, but I will definitely return to this likable, wholesome, little hole-in-the wall.
Decided to come back for dinner during restaurant week.  We got a seat in the back area which was nice on a fall night with the lights.  

The food was about a three and a half stars.  He meatball and sauce is good. Tender balls.  Also got the arancini balls (deliciously fried goodness)

We got the chicken that came with roasted potatoes and finished the meal with a delicious cannoli and tiramisu.   The chicken was okay - was still a bit hungry (but dessert helped finish my appetite)
Have you ever had a meatball that just tasted like actual different meats, and was deliciously spiced and flavored, and ginormously huge, and amazing? I have. but only at Little Nonna's.

I have some rules about going out to eat. I don't like to go out for Italian (I feel like I could make it at home?) and if I do, it better be BYOB or someone else picking the place, and I'm sure as hell not ordering something like spaghetti and meatballs. So how did I end up choosing this place for our monthly girl's dinner and raving about their spaghetti? What can I say, I'm a sucker for Marcie Turney, I love to check out new places, and I follow my fellow yelpers' reviews. So those rules outweighed my other rules and there we were.

VIBE
We were 6 and they wouldn't take that number on Opentable, but I called and they said they could seat us at a high top, which ended up being perfect. The decor is adorable and the atmosphere is perfect for a date or a group of friends catching up.

FOOD
Food is served as it comes out so I would recommend going family style. The menu has changed (no butternut squash lasagna or stuffed shell when we were there) so don't get too attached to the online menu. We ended up pretty much eating family style and got the antipasto board (a good sized starter, but not mindblowing), the roasted fig bruschetta, the gnocchi (really good), several orders of the BVP Spaghetti and Meatballs (amazing), the cavatelli nero (really interesting, and great flavor), and the linguine vongole (also great). Portions were big, but not overwhelming, and everything was great.

RECAP
We had a wonderful meal, drank some bottles of wine, laughed, talked loudly, probably annoyed everyone around us, and the evening was just magical. My only gripe is that for Italian food, it's kind of expensive. With a few bottles of wine we ended up paying around $50 each, granted we may have over ordered a bit, but still.

Highly recommend.
Little Nonna's absolutely lives up to the hype and is one of the best spots in the area. It took me forever to try this restaurant but I've been hooked ever since.

It's a small spot with great atmosphere modeled after an old school Italian grandmothers' kitchen. 

Their menu doesn't have a huge selection but it is superb and traditional Italian.

From the pasta and meatballs, to bronzino, to lobster, Little Nonna's serves up some of the best Italian in Philadelphia.
We stumbled on on friday night. Amazingly, there were seats at the chef's bar. It's a very pretty space. Smaller than their other restaurants. The music was exactly at the right volume. you can hear it, but you can hear each other.

First: for the love of god- skip the weird "sazerac". they have pre-bottled cocktail's in cute soda bottles. I'm not sure what I was served, but it tasted like bad cough syrup mixed with Mountain Dew. Stick with the Montepulciano and you'll be fine.

Next- get the meatballs. I don't even love meatballs, but these babies were tender- not overly compressed, and came with a delicious ooze of fontina in the middle. The sauce is really perfect. What is not perfect is that they don't serve bread. They can "sell" it to you ( the waiters words). thank you Mr really nice chef behind the counter. He noticed my displeasure and comped me 2 slices. 

Next- the most delicious eggplant parm I ever ate. I honestly wanted to lick the plate. 
Then we had a well composed salad involving grilled broccoli raab and polenta croutons. not overdressed or underdressed. just right.

At this point, we were full. 2 apps and a salad. save your money and stop there. it's enough. but we had ordered a mixed grill of head-on shrimp, swordfish, spicy sausage and cannellini. really lemony and bright. Believe me- I enjoyed for breakfast and lunch on saturday. 

Yup- we'll go back.
We visited Little Nonna's for lunch during Restaurant Week & enjoyed it very much, especially the appetizers. Portions were generous & it was a great deal.

Here are the foods I tried -- I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars:

****^ Meatballs appetizer was great. They're the perfect comfort food, with polenta and tomato sauce 

**** Shaved brussel sprouts salad with fennel, celery root & radish, hazelnuts, parmesan was quite good 

***^ Italian Mixed seafood Grill was solid. The calamari was very good & the swordfish skewers with vegetables were fine. The rosemary white beans were tasty & there roasted peppers and vegetables that accompanied the seafood were good too.

** Orecchiette Pasta was disappointing. It was supposed to have Fennel sausage and greens, but there wasn't a single piece of sausage. The dish only had pasta and sauce 

***^ Tiramisu dessert was good though not exceptional. It was overwhelmed with a huge portion of whipped cream on top which made it difficult to find the tiramisu in the cup underneath
This was our second visit and it was as enjoyable as the first.  The first time around was in warmer weather and we had dinner on the outback patio.  It's a very nice setting and all 4 of us enjoyed what we chose that night.

This time around, it being November, the patio was closed and the 2 of us had the table by the window where we got both a view of Locust street as well as the entire restaurant and again, the food was fantastic.

The room has a very cozy atmosphere and the staff very friendly and helpful.  Thinking that what we were going to order would be large portions, we passed on appetizers and just had entrees.  

The "Sunday Gravy" was slowly simmered pork braciole; a meatball stuffed with cheese along with hot fennel sausage in a san marzano marinara.  It was served with a flat wide pasta which we had never seen before.  The flavors were bold but not overpowering and were delicious.

I chose one of that nights specials - the Mixed Seafood Grill, which had toothpick-skewered Swordfish and Sausages surrounded by Grilled Calamari, large Head-on Shrimp over a Tuscan bean salad with kale (?) leaves.  It was very very good.

With an order of toasted garlic bread and 2 beers, the bill came to around $70 before tip.  

Be sure to make reservations.  We were there on a Sunday night and every table was taken the entire time we were there.  Walk-ins had to be turned away.

We will definitely be going back again - and we were correct about only ordering the entrees, we had enough leftovers for lunch the next day.
If you're thinking about ordering out from little nonna's instead of dining in- DO IT. DO IT. YOULL THANK YOURSELF LATER. 

After dining in before the latest covid restrictions, I couldn't wait to go back. I was craving the garlic bread sooo badly, so I decided to order it and give takeout a try. I always get so nervous with take out especially delivery because the food can sometimes get soggy or mushy. But you guys, I was so impressed. 

The pastas came so yummy and everything was warm. Even the toast was crispy. Highly recommended the burrata and the garlic bread, don't sleep on it.
Best Italian food in the city - casual, homey, and intimate with generous portions of delicious food. The secret about Little Nonna's greatness is definitely out so be sure to make a reservation if you want to be guaranteed a seat without a wait, especially on the weekends.  

Every dish I've had here has wowed me. The pasta dishes are all cooked perfectly al dente with a great chew and covered in rich, flavorful sauces. I always make sure to get garlic bread as an appetizer - pieces of generously buttered and toasted bread accompanied by a clove of roasted garlic to spread on the toast. If you eat meat, the famous meatballs are also not to be missed. They are gigantic and stuffed with cheese.

Other things I recommend:
Spaghetti with meatballs - comes with 2 giant meatballs and a ton of spaghetti 
Rigatoni alla vodka - delicious, creamy sauce and pasta topped with a spicy sausage
Braised lamb creste- simply amazing
Sunday gravy- order this if you're hungry, it's a generous serving of meat (meatball and short rib and sausage) and broccoli rabe in marinara with a place of daily macaroni (a rotating selection of pasta)
An Italian restaurant getting five stars from me?  That's a rarity.  I'm kinda bored with Italian food ... but Little Nonna's is awesome.  First it looks cute - especially its rear outside courtyard replete with a clothesline.  At night white lights illuminate.  Don't worry about the rain - it is all under Plexiglas cover. 

Now the food.  I ate the best meatball that I have ever eaten anywhere in the world.  This meatball is large and incredibly tasty and served over a bed of polenta.  The seafood mixed grill which consisted of swordfish, calamari, and shrimp was also tasty.  Add a little pepper and it comes even more to life.  For desert, a pistachio cannoli perfectly his the spot.

Service was friendly and competent.  Little Nonna's deserves those five stars,
I love Little Nonna's! It's always a great restaurant for lunch to catch up with friends during the day or a great atmosphere for a date at night.

I always get the Nonni's Spaghetti and Meatballs and refuse to try anything else. While everything looks good, I am dedicated to this meal. Their meatballs are filling and stuffed with cheese and the pork in the spaghetti noodles tops the meal off. Depending on how hungry you are, you can definitely split this plate with someone. 

And to top it off, this time I got a hazelnut cannoli. I typically get plain cannolis but I loved the kick of hazelnut and the chocolate spread underneath. 

Be sure to stop by and at least get the meatballs!
Had a wonderful dinner here with my wife for her birthday! Everything tasted great, all the staff was very friendly and attentive, and the prices were quite reasonable. We'd come back to try some of the other dishes in the future.

For appetizers, we ordered the crostone and the meatballs. The crostone was truly great - wonderful balance between the savory prosciutto and the light sugar snap peas. The meatballs came with a great sauce of San Marzano tomatoes and polenta, but they were a little on the salty side.

For our main courses, we ordered pan-seared gnocchi and sea scallops. The gnocchi was cooked with truffle butter, so it had a nice rich flavor to it, and the sea scallops were cooked perfectly. Both dishes were delicious!

In addition to all this, the waitstaff were all very friendly and attentive. They came to check on us pretty frequently even though the restaurant got fairly crowded after a while.

We learned while here that this restaurant is part of the 13th Street group that includes Barbuzzo, another one of our favorites, so it's no surprise that we loved it here too!
Recently ate here for my friend's birthday. I wasn't super excited to try the meatballs because I'm Italian and have already had great meatballs, but I was surprised at how good these were. I want to say there was some ground sausage in them that gave them an excellent kick! Nothing I had was bad, but the meatballs are a must have. The pan seared gnocchi was a little sweet and crisp which was nice because it added some depth. The rigatoni alla vodka was also excellent because the sauce was perfect. Honestly, I'm also not a sweet person, but the tiramisu was perfect. It was an excellent way to end the meal. Also, if the weather is decent enough, I would suggest eating in the back outdoor area because it have such a nice ambiance. If you are a fan of their restaurants, you will love Little Nonna's because it doesn't disappoint.
We had a perfect dinner at the counter looking over the kitchen. Early on a Sunday with no reservations. Sunday gravy dinner was just like my Nonna's . Except the fontina stuffed meatballs were a revelation.  Amazing garlic bread. The pear salad special was great. The wines are a bit pricy. Spent more on a decent bottle of wine then the whole meal cost. So....These guys hit it out of the park every time.
Making it a point to check out all the restaurants on 13th st, I suggested little nonnas to my best friend for her birthday dinner on sat and turns out she wanted to go there too. Without a reservation available on opentable, we did a walk in at 7:30pm on a Saturday and luckily had seats at the counter. The restaurant is very cozy and charming, with rustic decorations and European teacups as decorations. It's perfect for a romantic dinner or intimate meal with close friends.
Sitting at the counter had its perks since we got to watch the cooks perform their magic. Everything looked delicious and it was tempting to order way more than we could afford to squeeze into our tummies.
Our waiter was very attentive throughout the evening. We decided to share our food: got the squash bruschetta which had a creamy yet zesty taste topped with the crunch of the apples on top. The beets salads was really yummy. The best part was the spaghetti and meatballs, the meatballs being the size of my palm. It was a little burnt on the outside of the meatball, but still tasty. Of course, the spaghetti was perfectly al dente. We finished the meal with the blood orange basil water ice, texture was like a sherbet. So refreshing ! I would highly recommend this place to anyone who loves Italian food but enjoys a romantic atmosphere.
Wow.  Just wow.  Little Nonna's is so spectacular.  This tiny Italian restaurant packs so much complexity and flavor into every morsel it serves.  

I had the pleasure of dining at Little Nonna's on a Thursday evening.  It was early, but the place was packed solid -- which is probably a common occurrence, since the restaurant is teeny-tiny.  Thankfully, I was able to snag one of the last available first-come-first-serve seats at the back counter, overlooking the kitchen.

The server dropped by to grab my drink order.  I always try to have wine with Italian food, and she recommended an inexpensive yet tasty Pinot Grigio. -- not too sweet, perfect for sipping, and pairs well with most things.

She also told me that the best way for a newbie to experience Little Nonna's is to resist the temptation to fill up on a large pasta dish and, instead, try a sampling of their smaller plates.  So that's what I did.

First course was a plate of wild mushroom arancini (a.k.a. deep-fried risotto balls).  This dish was mind-blowingly delicious.  It's the best risotto I've ever had, and it's probably one of the best Italian dishes *of any kind* I've ever had.  These balls were simultaneously crispy, creamy, savory, sweet -- the total gastronomic package.

Next up was the eggplant parmesan.  This dish is nothing like the heavy, one-note eggplant parmesan served elsewhere, where you can't even identify the eggplant in a sea of breading, cheese, and grease.  Nope -- Nonna makes the eggplant the star, with just enough breading to provide crisp and just enough cheese provide layers of flavor.  This dish let the eggplant shine, and I loved it.

To finish the meal, I had the tiramisu, which was also total perfection.  It was served beautifully, towering high in a large teacup.  The flavors were perfect, and not to sweet either.  I loved the touch of fresh hazelnuts, which gave this tiramisu a contrasting crunchy texture that other tiramisus lack.  

To say I love Little Nonna's is an understatement.  If I lived in the area, I'd be dining here over and over again.  It's the real deal -- check it out for yourself!
Quaint cozy homey feel. Went for lunch. Burrata appetizer was delicious with olives and bread. Eggplant parm was good. Served with fresh greens was a good compliment. Pork sandwich was tender and delicious. Fries were cooked to perfection. Spaghetti and meatball was huge!  At least a half pound of pasta and big meatball!  No espresso which was a little weird. Waitress spent a bit too much time wiping table and refilling waters incessantly but it was a very pleasant experience still. Desserts were just ok. Maybe too fancy to be delicious like the rest of the food?
Our meal, in one word: Magical.

Started with the Stracciatella.  MUST GET.  Perfectly grilled moist bread served with a side of liquidy/melty/herby/amazing-y cheese.  Yes sir. 

Also got the Antipasto Board, which was DAMN good.  Looks like it changes on the daily but you will never be disappointed.  The Roasted Fig Bruschetta was also very good, but i felt that the bread was a little too oily for my taste.  Amazing never the less.

Did not get any entrees unfortunately, but all the plates that came out looked phenomenal.  Apparently the meatballs are to die for, and they are the size of a basketballs so i would, at the minimum, get a side of those.

The desert.  Jesus Christ. Had the warm apple pie desert which was the PERFECT fall desert.  Caramelized apples nestled in flaky salty crust topped with homemade creamy vanilla ice cream drizzled with a light flavorful caramel.  Your stomach tells you to stop eating but your brain is in another dimension and you just keep on eating.

But the star of the show was the Tiramisu.  Descending from the desert gods themselves, this plate of goodness is beyond anything that you'll ever experience in your life, ever.  So moist, so much flavor.  Calling it perfect is an understatement.  I'm literally salivating while I type this.  Just get it and thank me later.

Definitely going back.  Also Valeria Safran herself was there, bussing tables, which was AWESOME. You don't see a lot of successful restaurateurs throwing on some elbow grease and cleaning tables too often, but its awesome when you do.
Little Nonna's has been on my list for awhile and it did not disappoint. We ordered the spaghetti and meatballs with garlic bread and the best part of the meal was, hands down, the garlic bread. It comes with a full baked head of garlic, beautifully presented and rich with olive oil. 

The well-loved spaghetti and meatballs come in huge portions. Don't be fooled by the fact that there are only two meatballs. Each meatball was the size of my fist and I could only finish one in the course of a lunch. I was a bit disappointed that they raised the prices, but I took home the leftovers and had enough for dinner the next day. My boyfriend and I both agreed that the texture of the spaghetti could have been more al dente but overall this dish was good. You can tell the meatballs are handmade and his pasta, which had a bit more sauce, was especially good.

Don't miss out on the outdoor seating! It really feels like a grandmother's backyard (in the best way possible.)
I'm Italian and this isn't the best place to go if your looking for something authentic. 

Our waitress treated us like she was too good to be breathing the same air as my partner and I. 

The food was mediocre even what they say is the "best thing on the menu" 

The only thing I liked about this restaurant was the location. The gayborhood. The classy lights on the inside and the brick walls with old style decor.
Little Nonna's is a great little Italian place in Philly. The venue is fairly small, but there is also a covered outdoor seating area. When it gets cool outside, there are heaters to keep you warm. I went here with one of my bosses and our client. We walked in during a weeknight without reservations and they were able to squeeze us in. 

We each started with the shaved salad which was so good. The lemon dressing definitely pulled the salad together. For my entree, I ordered the braised lamb creste. When the dish came out, the portion appeared a little small, but as I continued eating I realized it was more than enough. The other people in my party both ordered the sunday gravy. They were very happy with both the portion and the selection of meats that came on the side (although both opted to place on top of their pasta once it arrived). 

We skipped dessert that night since we were full, but did order coffee.
If you haven't had Nonnas yet you are missing out.

Came here for lunch a few weeks back with my mom, aunt, and grandma.
My mom loves Italian food so i figured Little Nonnas was a good option. I sent the menu a few days in advance to  make sure it would be a smooth ordering process for everyone. 

We arrived a few minutes after our reservation and there were still a few open outdoor tables available. After being seated at a four top our server came out and went over some specials. The seafood grill was right up my alley and i was able to subtract the calamari for an extra head on prawn. Since the sun was out and i was on my first day of stay-cation i figured a bit of day drinking was in order. Though there are several drink options that peaked my interest , the bulleit rye sazerac was my choice and it was perfectly made. 

We started our meal with the  house made stracciatella with olive oil, sea salt and an assortment of olives. This was the perfect way to begin our meal. The stracciatella came along with some char grilled bread that was the perfect vessel for dipping and sopping up the cheese and oil. 

Our entrees arrived and silence fell over the table . Everyone including my grandma ordered the chicken and i opted for the seafood grill. the chicken appeared to be a decent size breast and partial thigh. The chicken looked moist and everyone agreed it was perfectly cooked. The trio of potatoes were a nice addition. The mixed seafood grill was perfect.  Large skewer of swordfish and squash was laid over a "salad" of beans and onions. The prawns rounded out this lunch and made it the perfect lunch time option.

For dessert we ordered the apple like tart with the pecorino cheese crust. Desserts with a little more savory elements have been on my radar recently. Im definitely a fan of this dessert and would order this again.
Was hoping for more after reading the reviews. My wife and I were in town for the Philly 1/2 marathon on Sunday. We knew we wanted a plate of pasta and found Little Nonna's on yelp. It was also only a 5min walk from our hotel. 

We tried to get a reservation on Opentable. That didn't work unless we wanted to eat at 10pm..must be good if you can't get in at a reasonable hr. We called the restaurant directly and they said there was a garden in the back with 40 seats no reservations. 

When we got there we were actually seated inside at the open kitchen bar. The waiter was pleasant and attentive at first seating but that was the highlight of the service. He went through the menu and recommended several dishes. We went with the Strachiatella (pulled salted mozzarella on grilled bread) and 2 plates of their spaghetti with b+v+p fontina filled meatballs. Waiter was taken back that we both wanted the same thing. Yes unusual for us to do that but again we were running 13mi the following morning and it sounded good.

We didn't order any alcohol or wine, again running a half marathon wanted to feel our best. The waiter was terrible at keeping water filled. At one point he disappeared with the water container for over 20mins when he said he was refilling it. 

Our pulled mozzarella and grilled bread came. It was really good but a tad too salty. Both my wife and I commented on this. We are never shy of salt either. I will say it was served within 5 mins of ordering.

The spaghetti and meatballs came 10 mins later from a waitress not our waiter and she at least was friendly. The spaghetti and meatballs was a nice sized dish with plenty of pasta and 2 nice sized meatballs. This dish was good as well. The one strange call out is on each of our plates one meatball had fontina oozing out the other meatball none could be found. There was a nice pepper finish to the meatball too.

Not once during our meal did our waiter ask how our meal was or if we needed anything. He did present a dessert menu but we were too full. On our walk out the hostess and what looked like the mgr ignored us, not asking how everything was or at least say goodnight.....very strange. I know this is a newly opened restaurant but some service components are easy to control.

Clean up the service and this is a 4 star review. I would go back since the food was good and try a few other dishes (and some adult beverages).
The service was amazing. We were sat immediately and even got our requested outside seating. The ambience is great, and very casual. 

The food is delicious, simple, and very approachable. It's so easy to share any dish between the table. Nothing is too complicated and very simple homemade Italian. The sangria is delicious, I recommend a carafe, because you will want a second glass. Share some apps and salads, abs get the large plate of spaghetti and meatballs to share... or the Sunday gray is available. 

Price is fair and well worth the experience. I always bring out-of-towners here.
REVIEW OF EASTER SUNDAY DINNER:

We finally made it to Little Nonna's, for Sunday dinner (they opened early at 3PM for Easter), and we had an excellent meal.

We started with a couple of the house-bottled cocktails, which were both very tasty and refreshing:

SICILIAN RUM PUNCH: Rum, Amaretto, fresh-squeezed pineapple, lime, blood orange ($10)--ordered 2 of these, it was so good.

ITALIAN LEMONADE: Citrus vodka, house-squeezed lemonade, thyme syrup ($10).

For two people, we shared the following (see photos), which was so much food that we couldn't really finish the single water ice we eventually ordered for dessert:

GARLIC BREAD: Scarone's seeded loaf, roasted garlic butter, sea salt ($5)--It's not the best garlic bread I've ever had, and I would prefer it to be crisper. But I liked the roasted garlic for spreading.

B+V+P MEATBALLS: Fontina-stuffed beef/veal/pork meatballs, soft polenta, San Marzano gravy ($11)--I'm guessing this might be Little Nonna's signature dish, and it was indeed very good. However, I thought it was rather heavily spiced for my taste, and because of that, I could see it being something you would feel strongly about one way or the other. Interestingly, when the meatballs were cut open, there seemed to be a lot less cheese in the center than in the photo accompanying Craig LaBan's review, so perhaps they cut it back due to his comments.

STEAMED MUSSELS: Fiorella's hot fennel sausage, charred corn, roasted long hots, garlic, white wine, basil ($12)--Excellent, right up until the moment I bit off half of the long hot and started hiccuping uncontrollably. Showoffs deserve what they get!

RICOTTA CAVATELLI: Housemade duck sausage, olives, garlic, broccoli rabe, smoked ricotta salata ($14)--Also excellent, this was my second favorite dish. I loved the texture of the perfectly cooked pasta.

ITALIAN SEAFOOD GRILL: Calamari, Gulf shrimp, roasted peppers, swordfish-zucchini speidini, white beans, salsa verde, lemon ($24)--My favorite dish, this had it all: tender shrimp, acidic artichoke, perfectly cooked calamari, excellent grilled bread for sopping up the juices...I will order this every single time I visit.

LEG OF LAMB: We didn't actually have this special, although it was sitting eye-level on the counter staring at us all afternoon, and it looked very tempting. But I'll post a photo of it anyway.

WATER ICE: Blood orange, basil ($6)--Well-made, and easily large enough for two. I'm sure many will like it, but it seemed just a bit unbalanced for my taste, with an awful lot of basil, covering up the citrus, and it was pretty sweet too.

WINE LIST: Fairly short, but with a good range of styles, and affordable. Didn't recognize many of the names, but I did enjoy a glass of Montepulciano ($10). Good stems.

Attractive, somewhat homey space, and I especially liked the missmatched "Italian grandmother" dinnerware. The noise level was moderately energetic, but not excessive, despite the full house. And I didn't find the space at all cramped, unlike some other commentators. But of course we sat at the kitchen counter (which is not reservable, and available on a first-come, first-served basis). However, you can look at the photo below, and judge for yourself. I gather they also have an ~40 seat patio, but I'm not sure if that was open yet.

$126 (not counting tip), which I think was reasonable for the quality and quantity of food we enjoyed (considering we left stuffed to the gills!). Service was excellent, although there was not a great deal of interaction with the 4 chefs in the kitchen. All the plates stacked in front of us tended to inhibit any possibility of conversation. I think making that counter a bit more open would be desirable (3 of the 5 high-top seats were unoccupied the entire time we were there).

Easy parking at an open-air lot a block away on the corner of Locust & 13th.

This is actually only the second time I've been to a Val-Mar restaurant (the other being, Lolita before it closed for remodeling). I have to say I was very impressed. Whether this really is a genuine ode to red sauce South Philly, I can't say for sure. I don't really go to those types of places, since none of them ever seem to be sufficiently praised by anyone who isn't already biased by having grown up with them.

But I did find Little Nonna's plenty good enough to stand on it's own, irrespective of whatever historical influences it may or may not have been inspired by.
Great meal at Little Nonna's the spaghetti and meatballs is a classic!  The Broccoli Rabe was just like eating my Nonni's Broccoli  Rabe - and they made Olive Oil cake!  The servers were informative and engaging we had a thoroughlywonderfull meal!
I am just the biggest fan of Little Nonna's. Both lunch and dinner have been great here. Most recently, we made a reservation for 4 on Friday night (weeks ago). Despite the small venue, I have never waited for a reservation.

We have this cute little booth/table in the back near the kitchen. I love to watch restaurants in action so this is my favorite part. Our waiter immediately greeted us with bottles of ice water and plenty of suggestions.

Appetizers included the arancini balls (amazing), burrata cheese dish (also amazing) and snap pea salad (looked really good but didn't taste)

We also split an order of the garlic bread and it's totally worth it. (Note, the roast a whole bulb of garlic to serve with your bread)

3/4 of us got the Spaghetti and Meatballs and absolutely loved it. Since I previously have experience the meatballs, I decided to try the chicken parm. 

The chicken itself is fantastic (crispy and moist with plenty of sauce and mozzarella.) The Anchovy spaghetti is another matter. It's just TOO weird, especially for a dish as classic as chicken parm. The taste was overpowering. 

Wine selection is great as well. Make this your next date night!
Recently had dinner here and the place is quite charming. 

We were seated promptly and provided with menus.  Agreeing with a few helpers here with the slow service on a not so busy night. 

It took some time for the server to arrive and provide us with water.  The server also forgot my drink so I had to request another one...

Can't go wrong with any item on their menu.  I ordered the arancini in which seemed like it wasn't cooked completely through as the cheese in the center was still cold block unless that was on purpose? I had the shred salad that had to be asked to remake due to heavy salt (I never request to send anything back), and the tomato salad in which the pesto was also heavily salted but was ok when we removed it off the cheese.

The entrees were a lot better though.  We had the spaghetti and meatballs (portions are very generous) and the gnocchi which was delicious.

Since some of our entrees were a bit heavy on salt, and when we needed water, our water glasses were never replenished or replaced with another pitcher. Luckily by then we wanted to leave and go home so lucked out with being there another minute hoping to catch the servers attention.  

I don't know if they have limited servers on select areas of the restaurant to cater to the indoor and outdoor crowd but my dining experience was a bit upsetting dropping a good amount of $$ on mediocre service.
I felt like I walked into an Italian family's house. The restaurant is adorable and has a cozy feel to it. The food is absolutely incredible and everything is served on a variety of decorative dishes that you'd find in someone's house instead of at a restaurant. 

- BVP meatballs: The best!!! Two large meatballs covered in delicious San Marzano gravy which is a tomato based sauce with lots of spices & herbs 
- Garlic bread: This comes with 4 slices of bread and a garlic clove which has softened garlic and butter. You just spread the pieces of garlic on the bread and it's amazing!
- Pan seared gnocchi: Sold on truffle oil with gnocchi! Great vegetarian option and probably the best dish out of all the ones I've tried.
- Braised lamb creste: The lamb was some savory goodness but the pasta part was a harder chewiness than I preferred.
- Sunday Gravy: if you can't get enough of that BVP meatball, then get this! This dish comes with plenty of food!
Cutest little place ever with the perfect name. Started with arancini & burratta apps. Both were excellent and the perfect size. I ordered The gnocchi, we got a plate of pasta w/marinara. The marinara was so good. Reminded me of my own Nonna's. Dessert was the hazelnut cannoli (excellent) & apple crostata. We took both to go. I recommend eating the crostata warm though.
one word recommendation FLAVOR

i've been craving spaghetti & meatballs and some italian gravy so came on a sunday night. service was good, def recommend reservations.

the caesar salad was probably the best thing i had... which is sad. the dressing was full of flavor and their homemade croutons were so cheesy and delicious. 

the meatballs were super dry and the cheese in the meatball wasn't melted at all, it was almost lukewarm. but the spaghetti sauce had NO FLAVOR. sooo bland! i think having the short ribs in the sauce WITH meatballs is a bit too much. they should focus on putting better flavor into the sauce and cooking the meatballs perfectly.

everyone knows this place for its spaghetti and meatballs and it was very disappointing.

not to mention my boyfriend got the sunday gravy.... and a couple of the macaroni in it was half cooked.. you could see the dry starch in the middle.

All in all, Little Nonna's needs to focus on its main star, Spaghetti and Meatballs. Make the meatballs flawless and put some salt and seasoning in the pasta!!
One the of best Italian places I've been to in a while. Wife and I sat in the back covered courtyard and it was a nice romantic meal with excellent service.

We ordered a bunch of items so the waiter recommended bringing certain things out a different intervals to create several courses, which worked nicely.

Started with creamy Stracciatella with olives and fresh warm bread. We followed this up with a tangy escarole/apple salad. One order of salad was plenty for two. 

Next up was a fantastic course of wild mushroom arancini and broccoli rabe with white beans. The four crispy rice balls had a lot of flavor. And the rabe had a nice garlicky flavor with a kick from the red pepper flakes. 

For dinner, my wife went with a good portion of branzino. She said it was nice and fluffy with perfect seasoning. 

I went for Nonna's Sunday sauce dinner. Pasta of the day was orrechiette. It came with the side of short rib, garlic sausage and their famous meatball. Portion was enough to take half home. Sauce really did remind you of eating at your grandma's house as a kid. Nice flavor. All the meats were delicious with the meatball standing out. 

We also did the garlic bread on the side. Hot toasted bread with a side of roasted garlic head to spread. 

Overall, this placed wowed with its food and service. Looking to try a new place in center city? This is a good pick.
Little Nonna's is great! While I kind of envisioned Little Nonna's as being a Barbuzzo Lite, it was not the case at all. The food, service, and atmosphere were all spectacular. 

We stopped by on a cold Saturday afternoon and were seated promptly. We started with the vegetable antipasta (very similar to what they serve at Barbuzzo and equally delicious) and the garlic bread which consisted of four large pieces of bread with a while roasted garlic clove allowing us to spread more garlic on it. Both are must-gets. For our main course my wife enjoyed the spaghetti and meatballs which I helped her eat. It was an enourmous plate of pasta and if it weren't for my age, my bum knee, and the fact that it was 20 degress outside I would be all ready to run a marathon. The sauce had a smoky flavor to it and lots of meat in the sauce. It came with two large fontina stuffed meatballs. Probably teh best spaghetti I have ever eaten. I had a special on the menu which was a mixed seafood grill featuring grilled swordfish, calamari, a head-on shrimp, and beans and onions. It was really good too but not overly filling. For dessert we had the infamous apple crostata and the warm apple spice cake. Both were very yummy and we kept going back and forth trying to figure out which one was better. So my advice to you: order both.
I decided to take my husband here for his 30th birthday dinner and I am so happy that I did. It was one of the coldest nights in Philly and this place was so warm and comforting to walk into. It is small, cozy and intimate. The decor makes you kind of feel like you are in grandma's kitchen. I guess that's why its called Little Nonna's (Little Grandma in Italian). 

We started of with a Sgroppino which is one of the best cocktails I have ever had the pleasure of drinking. It consists of a scoop of blood orange basil sorbet topped with vodka and prosecco. Such a lovely fun little drink! We then stuck with some whites for the rest of the evening with a glass of Vermantino and Pinot. 

We went with two appetizers. Straccciatella and Italian olives which is fresh pulled mozzarella in olive oil and sea salt with olives. It was served with warm grilled pieces of bread. Our second appetizer was wild mushroom arancini which is crispy risotto balls with Buffalo mozzarella, mushrooms and a truffle aioli sauce. Both of our choices where spot on! So delicious and packed with flavor. 

We ordered the special to share which was a beet ravioli filled with yummy cheeses and the chicken al matone. The chicken was seared with lemon, garlic and oregano and came with grilled artichokes and crispy fingerling potatoes. This chicken was by far one of the best chickens I have ever eaten. It had that "Grandma made this" flavor to it. 

Desserts where tiramisu and apple crostada. Both exactly what they should be. Nothing more and nothing less. I love how they served the tiramisu in a tea cup and saucer. Very nice touch. I also loved the random plates that all of our food was served on. None of them matched. I can dig it! 

The service was good. My only complaint is that when I made the reservation, I added a note asking them to please put a candle or write happy birthday on my husbands dessert and that was never done. But the food was so good that I forgive them. If you want to indulge and eat some Italian elegance with a homey touch then this is def the spot. A little pricey but worth it.
Came to Little Nonna's last month for a birthday lunch with my mom and sister. It was a really nice day and we sat outside in the garden, which is green and beautiful and overall really lovely. We got a few dishes to share and most of the food was incredible, as was the service. 

---Garlic bread: I LOVED the fresh head of garlic to spread on the already prepped garlic bread. 
---Eggplant parm: Delicious. Light and tender with a sort of nutty flavor. All three of us absolutely  loved it and I'd definitely get it again.
---Pan seared gnocchi: I don't normally like gnocchi but this was really wondeful. The gnocchi had a great consistency and the dish overall was really fresh and warming. I loved the cherry tomatoes and mushroom! I would absolutely recommend this dish.
---Nonni's spaghetti and meatballs: I found this dish to be the least exciting of the three. The spaghetti is pretty standard and the meatballs, while good, are nothing that blew me away. It's a huge portion which I imagine would be a huge draw to some, but I'd rather a smaller portion of something more flavorful. 
---Apple crostini: good, but not that special or interesting. Next time I'd try one of their other desserts.
Went for the crab and spaghetti special and it was amazing.  Portions are huge and worth every penny.  Can't wait to go back and order off the regular menu.  Awesome atmosphere and top rate service.  A must try.
First, I rarely leave reviews for restaurants, so here's 3 things about my experience at Little Nonna's:

1) Cute atmosphere and decor
2) Delicious food 
3) Excellent, EXCELLENT service

I came here with my friend on a Thursday night to try something new in Philly. I heard great things and we both love Italian food. I made a 8:15 reservation, so we showed up around then and were told the table was still occupied. Since I work in the food service industry, I completely understood sometimes people stay and there's nothing you can do about it. The hostess politely told us to wait outside and she'd let us know when our table was ready.

5-10 minutes after waiting outside, the hostess came out and gave us both glasses of Prosecco and thanked us for our patience. Heck, for free Prosecco, I'll wait outside for another 20. This gesture really stood out to me. Excellent customer service.

Around 8:45, we were seated. We were thanked again for our patience. We got our menus, ordered our drinks, and shortly after our waiter brought us over two small Arancini balls on the house. Once again, I was shocked by this. But I was not complaining because they were delicious.

I ordered the Pan Seared Gnocchi and my friend ordered the classic spaghetti and meatballs. I wished my dish was a little bigger, but amazing, nonetheless. My friend's entire was very big, so I ate some of hers :) Both tasty dishes. No complaints. Overall, really great food and service.

I'd give this place 10 stars if I could. Thank you!
Little Nonna's, the newest addition to the Safran/Turney mini-empire, occupies the former Fish space on 12th.  Less buzzy and more intimate than it's noisy sister Barbuzzo, Little Nonna's pays homage to the classic pasta-and-red sauce dishes of Italian Grandmothers everywhere.  The menu mixes classic standbys like Spaghetti and Meatballs and Linguine Vognole with contemporary plates such as Pear and Beet Salad and Negroni Glazed Lamb Ribs.  The low lighting and cozy setting make the space feel smaller than it should be (space is already at a premium), but the food more than makes up for the experience.

Coming here with the BF and his family, we started with the Pear and Beet Salad as well as a special appetizer (Mozzarella in Pesto with Pepperoni). The salad was light and delightful, while the mozzarella was dripping in oil, rich with flavor, and perfect for sopping up with the grilled bread.  For dinner, the BF and I split the Sunday Gravy (rigatoni in red sauce served with a variety of meats that had been simmering in the same sauce) and Squid Ink Cavatelli.  The meats, a combination of pork shoulder, sausage, and the cheese-filled beef-pork-veal meatballs, were incredibly juicy and flavorful, although a bit heavy on the salt.  The lighter seafood pasta, in comparison, was the perfect foil to the heavy red sauce.  Perfectly al dente pasta in a light oil-based sauce with grilled calamari rings to boot.

The service was a bit slow and the kitchen may have been a little heavy handed on the salt, but overall the food is solid and pretty representative of the Safran/Turney style.  It's a nice place for a date, an intimate group dinner, or even pre-theater.  On the whole, a nice addition to the neighborhood and sure to make good use of the location.
They do take reservations, but we did not have one and were able to get a table here last minute on a Monday. We were seated at an outside table on the sidewalk right outside the front door. They have the pods in the street, but those were full. Our server was great and was good about my change in order as I changed my mind moments after she walked away from taking our order.

I was debating between the Campanelle Nero, which is a squid ink pasta dish, and the Short Rib Radiatore. I switched to the Radiatore and could not have been happier. The sauce was amazing, the short rib was nice and tender, and the mushrooms, horseradish and whipped ricotta came together perfectly. This meal paired nicely with the Nero D'avola wine.
I've yet to be disappointed by any of the restaurants Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran, and Little Nonna's is no exception! Its romantic and intimate atmosphere make it the perfect date spot. Their main dining room is dimly lit, and their outdoor patio is more casual, but still beautifully decorated. My only complaint about the space is that its small space can sometimes feel a little bit crowded.

My favorite drink here is the rose sangria (which can be ordered by the pitcher to save $$); it's the perfect spring/summer drink! I also love the gnocchi here, which is rich and flavorful. I will definitely be back to Little Nonna's for more!
I have been meaning to dine at this gem for such a long time and I dont know why I didnt go earlier. We ate in their outdoor-ish space, which is still covered but gives an outdoor feel. 
We started with buratta dish and a whipped ricotta bruchetta - talk about a good start to the meal! 
I havent had good Italian comfort food like this in sooo long, and now this had become my go to spot. 
We had a fresh gnochhi dish. The meatballs and spagetti are always good. And the eggplant parm was amazing. 
Theyve created a perfect atomesphere for a romantic date night or even just a nice meal with friends. The food is fresh, the service is great, and the restaurant is beautiful (especially the courtyard).
I would like to list the highlights of our meal then deal with some of the things that resulted in the three star rating. 
The service was excellent. Friendly and attentive throughout the evening. The water glasses were always full, the food arrived quickly the table was cleared and cleaned after each course. The antipasti were clearly the hit of the night and had we stopped with them this would be a five star rating. The wild mushroom Arancini were delicious. Crisp and tasty with the truffle aioli. The lamb ribs in a honey balsamic glaze with fruit could not have been better, meaty and moist. Now for some of the misses.  My Negroni served in a small Mason jar with a giant ice cube was watery and tasteless. The shaved salad was a great idea with fennel celery root and Brussels sprouts had a heavy hand with the Lemon juice. The following items suffered from too much salt: the Stracciatella, the Sunday gravy and the Lemon Chicken entrees. Also , please do not charge for bread in this type of setting, it distracts from the Nonna atmosphere. For dessert the Apple crostata was outstanding and the Cannoli were crunchy and filled with the Pumpkin filling an excellent seasonal treat. There are so many choices for this type of food in the city who do it better. Sorry but I don't think we will return.
There are some weeks when I have an unwavering craving for italian food, and this was one of them.  Little Nonna's succeeds in bold new-italian cooking, but falls short in a few key traditional areas.

We enjoyed the atmosphere here, which is clearly geared to put diners in a nostalgic, relaxed state with its strings of soft glowing lights, warm colors, and tasteful "grandma's house" vibe.  It's a tight space, and borders on communal dining if you happen to be seated along the main wall.  (This may be an odd comment for a review, but the bathroom situation here is challenging and worth noting.  One bathroom for a crowded restaurant leads to a constant, uncomfortable line of fidgeting people in the dining room waiting to enter.)

The menu does not overreach, and I liked that.  The drink menu is particularly solid with everything broken into single-price groupings.  We settled on a bottle of montepulciano and shared the wild mushroom arancini for an appetizer.  They were perfectly done and probably my favorite plate of the night.  We opted for the caesar salad to share before dinner, and I had mixed feelings on this one:  The polenta croutons were great, but they were hot, which didn't go well with the salad.  Maybe it's just me, but I don't like warm lettuce, and I found the dressing to be bland. 

Our shared main course was the Sunday Gravy with an extra meatball and an order of garlic bread.  I thought the meatball was excellent and loved the fontina cheese in the middle, but the rest didn't impress.  First of all, the pasta is not homemade, and at this price point, it should be.  The garlic bread was a bit dry and the roasted garlic bulb was a little underdone and could not be spread on the bread.  The rib meat had a great texture, but absolutely no flavor, and we received one bite sized piece of sausage (not one link, not a half link, but one piece of sausage).  I politely asked for more sausage, which I was charged for.  Fortunately, they removed the charge after I pointed it out on the bill.

One thing I'm certain of is that my little Nonna would not charge extra for bread and sausage that should come with an italian Sunday staple. I don't mind a la carte restaurants and normally don't fault a place for its concept, but for a restaurant that exudes homeyness and comfort, we felt it was a bit of a guise for overpriced, somewhat inauthentic food.
Made a reservation  here for my boyfriend's birthday dinner since I had heard such good things about the restaurant from others. 

Ambiance is very, very homey and comfortable. Both the indoor and outdoor decor is deliberate and thoughtful in its play on a classic Italian eating place. The outdoor sunroof and flowers were especially pleasing to the eye. 

We started with the wild mushroom arancini, which was placed in a truffle oil base. This was by far our favorite dish of the night. The outsides were perfectly crisp and firm, while the inside was decadently gooey and cheesy. The bright sharp cheese with the mushrooms paired extremely well with the savory pervasive flavor of the truffle oil. 

The spaghetti and meatballs were sadly a miss for me- the meatballs had a strong taste ofblack licorice and the tomato sauce was extremely tangy. We had to specially request grated cheese, which mildly improved the dish. 

The gnocchi unfortunately followed suit. The truffle oil strong armed all the vegetables and gnocchi pieces into unwanted submission. 

Overall, even though the decor is highly appealing, our food was slightly disappointing as a whole.
This is just about the cutest little Italian restaurant around!

The have an indoor dining room that is dimly lit and gives off a very intimate and soothing vibe. In addition to the indoor area, they also have a much more laid back outdoor seating area. There are heat lamps so don't worry about it getting a little chilly. My friends and I came here for a birthday dinner, and we were seated outside. It was the perfect environment, and the decor outside was just lovely. When it gets a little darker, the mini lamps hung above the seating areas light up and gives you the perfect amount of light. 

Their menu is not extensive but everything sounds amazing.To start off the meal, we ordered the garlic bread. Absolutely delicious! It comes with a whole roasted garlic on the side so you can spread some of the roasted cloves onto your toasty, buttery bread for some added flavor. 

I ended up ordering one of their specials for the night: the house pappardelle with lamb ragu. The dish was flavored to perfection! The braised lamb with the resulting sauce accompanied with some broccoli rabe was the hearty meal that I needed. My friends ordered other pasta dishes and their gnocchi. I tried a bit of everything and was not disappointed in anything. The linguine alle vongole comes with a heaping amount of clams! And the fresh basil pesto added a light and refreshing component to the dish. 

Little Nonna's offers an inviting and warm environment to those it serves. The atmosphere is perfect for a date night or just a nice dinner with your friends. The food is nothing short of amazing and will leave you wanting to come back here for more. A beautiful gem serving up tasty Italian food in Philadelphia!
We came for dinner before a show at the Meriam Theater. What a fabulous find from googling restaurants near the theater. The food was AMAZING-! You have to order the meatballs as an appetizer or the meal. One of the best things I ever tasted- I couldn't stop talking about it. The entire meal from appetizer to dessert was great! One week later I was back in town by myself and on a whim I went in on a Friday night and snagged a chair at the bar.
Again another fabulous meal.   I liked the menu wasn't huge because I always have a hard time deciding. The meals were awesome, the service was top notch and the decor was so inviting- like we were eating in my Nonna's kitchen.
This dining experience was wonderful! The food was outstanding, I had the Rigatoni Alla Vodka, with a side of garlic bread, and it was so delicious! The staff were exceptional - very attentive and outgoing. I would highly recommend you check this place out. You'll be glad you did!!
After a day of traveling, waiting for our room then attending the Hot Chocolate 15k expo at the convention center, my friends and I were starving. I jumped on Yelp to find an Italian restaurant so we can carb up for our race the next morning. 
I found Little Nonna's and we made our way over. Although we didn't have a reservation we were seated within 20 minutes which was great. 
We ordered Garlic Bread and Caesar salad for the table. The garlic bread was delicious and the salad was a nice size for the 3 of us to share.
For entrees both my friends ordered eggplant parm with a side of spaghetti and marinara sauce. I ordered the Rigatoni alla vodka which came with sausage.
We were all extremely satisfied with our meals.
Last night was my first time at Little Nonna's. My boyfriend planned an awesome date night and this was our first stop. We were seated in the "garden" and upon first glance, it was breathtaking! So quaint and cozy. I was already impressed. I had ordered the Italian Lemonade cocktail and it was so refreshing and delicious! Honestly one of the best cocktails I've ever had. The thyme syrup was the perfect touch. We had done a bit of research prior to our visit and pretty much knew what we wanted based off of everyone's reviews. We started with the garlic bread and holy wow... It was the best garlic bread I've ever had. The way the raw garlic just spread so easily made this dish unreal. Highly recommend this for starters, but eat it while it's hot! We waited for our main dish to eat our second piece and wish we would have scarfed it down immediately. We had both ordered the Spaghetti and Meatballs and the portions are HUGE! We could have easily split it, seeing as we both had an ample amount of leftovers to take home (which I ate for lunch today, right before I typed this and it was still awesome!). The meatballs were INCREDIBLE. Cutting into them and seeing the cheese pour out from the center caused so much excitement for me. The only slight, tiny complaint that I have is that there was not enough sauce. Next time, I'll be sure to ask for extra, hoping they do that! Overall, the food was great, drinks were awesome as well, and the service was perfect! Our server came over to check on us the perfect amount and left us alone mostly, allowing us to thoroughly enjoy our time together. We will definitely be back to Little Nonna's!
So when we hit Philly again, we had to do  L Nonna's. Damn, they just keep getting better!  Had their short rib special and also their hangar steak! Oh My God!  The artful and potatoes were divine and the steak was as tender as any hangar I've ever had!   What hurt me was the garlic bread was so good, I almost didn't want to order dinner!  Now for the best part: the service!  Philip.  One of the best times I have had.  He was attentive, articulate, funny and dedicated to giving us a great service, even when it was busy as Hell.  Kudos to him! He made us so glad we made the trip.   I wish this Nonna's was closer to us in MY, but then again, it is only a quick Amtrak ride away!
Holy cow this place is the bomb!

We had the arancini, the bruschetta and spaghetti and meatballs: delicious from start to finish. 

The service was great, the ambiance is adorable, overall this place is a gem and I can't wait to go back!
Favorite Italian restaurant in Philly, hands down. Great ambiance whenever you need a place for date night or any sort of special dinner.

I don't think anything I've gotten here has ever disappointed me. Always order the garlic bread: it comes with a roasted head of garlic that you can squeeze and smear on top of the bread. The BVP meatballs and mushroom arancini are also must haves. Once you wrap up appetizers, you can't go wrong with any of the pasta options. My favorite would have to be the pan seared gnocchi. The sauce they use for that dish is to die for. If you decide to order the Sunday Gravy, be prepared for a massive, delicious helping of food. I've never had the meat or fish entrees here but I have heard good things from friends who have gone.

If you're ever craving authentic Italian, this has to be among the top 3 places in the city to eat at.
Food- Excellent. The flavours were spot on, and the portions were smaller for the price but that was sort of expected. I didn't dislike anything I got.

Service- Attentive

Atmosphere- Cute very dim lit restaurant in the city. We sat at the chefs bar and it was fun watching them prepare food. Its pretty romantic feelin
In a nutshell: the restaurant is small and cozy. The staff is super friendly. The food is freakin delicious and very fresh. My friend and I ate here and split the garlic bread, arancini, and BVP meatballs for an appetizer. The arancini was light for being fried, which is a plus. I had squid ink pasta, she had butternut squash ravioli. Both were delicious and light and you could taste the quality in it. Amazing. Desert, I got tirimasu and she got cheesecake. We were full but we HAD to finish because it was that great! You know it's good quality food when you're full, but not sick. Happily satisfied, would definitely come back.
We had
-the straciatella and italian olives, the olives were soooo good. One of them we only got one of, so i asked our waitress for more and she brought us 4!

-wild mushroom arancini. I love arancini, even bad arancini. Except trader joes arancini is subpar. This was gorgeous and even had some sort of secret white sauce. Divine.

-roasted fig bruschetta. sharon was over the moon, it just didn't do it for me. The figs were too mushy, the bread was soggy and the blue cheese a bit too pungent. I wouldn't get this next time, but if i went with sharon i'm sure we would have to.

-shaved salad. This was brilliant. Proof that simple can be magnificent. I love fennel and brussel sprouts, but this was just magical. Almost slaw like and the locatelli just gave it the perfect notes. 

-fusili di pretti, was good a little oily, but good. not sure i'd get it again

-pumpkin cannoli, very good, but wouldn't get again unless i was in a cannoli mood

-warm chocolate hazelnut cake with banana straciatella ice cream...........fucking insane........fresh hot cake from the oven....this was perfection and i dont even like chocolate cake!

-VALPOLICELLA, TENUTA MONTICELLO, VENETO, '09 we had a bottle of this and it was a very drinkable red, and i'm not fond of italian wine.

Definitely cannot wait to go back!
Cute Italian spot that has both indoor and outdoor dining. I made reservations for a Friday night for me and my friends. When we got there we took a look at the menu by scanning the QR code. We got the garlic bread ($5) and the ceasar salad for starters. Garlic bread was good with about 5 slices of garlic bread with a grilled up garlic. Caesar salad was pretty good with the shaved cheese on top. For pasta we shared the spring creste, rigatoni ala vodka, and the Campanelle nero. All of the pasta dishes were good and very filling! We all enjoyed dinner and we ended up having some leftovers as well! Each pasta dish was about $18. For drinks they also had affordable carafe cocktails for $20!
Ordered a delivery for a $29 3 course meal for one and wasn't disappointed! It was everything I expected and more. I had the mushroom arancini for the appetizer, lumache spring pasta for main and tiramisu for dessert. There was plenty of food so I definitely have leftovers for the next day. The food melted in my mouth and even my husband, who ordered the Chinese food and is usually not a big fan of Italian food admitted that it was amazing and he wants to order it  with me the next time :) The mushroom aranchine were crunchy on the outside and flavorful with a nice mushroom flavor on the inside. The pasta was cooked perfectly and the combo of broccoli, pistachio sauce and pesto was to die for. By the time I was eating tiramisu I was in heaven. All in all, I'll be definitely ordering from here again and can't wait to dine inside when the quarantine is over.
After so many people recommended coming here, I decided to give it a try. I was lucky to secure a reservation on a Wednesday night.

With regard to COVID, they are handling it very well as there are several options for seating indoor and even outdoor in a heated tent. 

In terms of the service, this is the reason I chose to make this review four starts and NOT five. The waiter we had was persistent on making us feel uncomfortable. He would come back every two minutes asking us if we were ready to order. After a few times it got really annoying and I was fed up. 

Now to the good stuff -- the food was amazing. Some of the best Italian food I have had in a while. I ordered the B + V + P Meatballs which consisted of fontina stuffed meatballs with some spaghetti. The meatballs were delicious with rich and flavorful taste. Then, for desert we ended up ordering the Hazelnut Cannolis which were mouth watering. So for food, I would definitely recommend coming here.

Overall, the experience was not bad but could've been better.
I'm a fan of the fierce women who are managing the Midtown Village establishments these days, but I haven't had a chance to try Little Nonna's until this past weekend. I'd say the experience was good, but not fantastic. 

We had a late 9:15pm reservation on a Saturday night-most normal times on Open Table were taken when I booked less than a week in advance. We were in and out in an hour-the place only holds a dozen tables or so, super cozy and intimate without being over the top. We ordered grilled garlic bread and a carafe of the Montepulciano to start (great wine and perfect amount, three glasses), and my partner and I split the chicken Parmesan and the pan seared gnocchi (that was the waitress's rec)- we both loved the gnocchi better, really well made with a fresh assortment of peas cherry tomatoes etc. The chicken Parmesan was good, just nothing outstanding and the anchovy flavored pasta was just too much for us.

Wait staff was all super nice and food was good enough that we would give it another chance for a date night-just hope we find more dishes that we like!
I still dream about the spaghetti and meatballs from little nonnas. I came here for date night with my girlfriend, we started with buratta, shaved Brussels sprouts and garlic bread. Oh my god. They were all delicious and especially the shaved Brussels sprouts salad. For dinner I ordered their signature dish which is the spaghetti and meatballs. And it's probably the best I've EVER had. The flavor was incredible. The potion is huge and i was so happy to have leftovers to eat the next day. I can't wait to come back.
(I would rate this place 3.5 but since there is no half I would round it up to 4)

This was one of the restaurants on a list I have from Chase of restaurants to try in Philadelphia. My bf also had been wanting to try this so we decided to go here for date night on Saturday night. We made last minute reservations on Saturday morning and it was packed and the earliest available was 945. 
We were seated right away and service was great and quick. For appetizers we ordered the garlic bread and mushroom arracini. Both were delicious!! The garlic bread came with roasted garlic which could be spread on the bread making the garlic flavors even more intense. The araccini was also amazing and perfectly crispy on the outside and soft with melted buffalo mozzarella on the inside. For main course we ordered the gnocci and the rigattoni al la vodka. The gnocci was really good and soft and perfectly paired the roasted veggies in the dish. The rigattoni was kinda of disappointing -- it tasted like something I could make at home and nothing special about it. I was too full for dessert and was not able to try the hazelnut cannoli. 
Overall, not bad but was disappointed with my rigattoni which I was really looking forward too.
Ok so thank you yelpers for pointing me here!!!

Walk in there are about a dozen tables only. All reservation of course booked. But I'm solo so chef's table. Guess what that's my favorite!!!! I wish you could smell what is coming out of this kitchen!!! 

I love to cook and to watch the action is a treat!!!

Service super prompt super nice! 

Dinner was amazing I ordered a lamb pasta dish with lamb ricotta.... oh my !!! Tons of garlic, basil, FLAVOR!!!!! 

Carafe of wine was on point for house wine it was tasty and big! Just like I like. 

Seek this place out. If more than one person make a reservation! 

Oh I see them make a lot of spaghetti and meatballs. SHARE THAT ONE. It's large. My dish was not a sharer. 

Have fun fellow yelpers!!!
This Italian restaurant is my absolute favorite in Philadelphia. I made reservations here for my 22nd birthday because I just had to have their Rigatoni Alla Vodka to celebrate. Their food is excellent, drinks are amazing and service is on point. The dim lighting and candles make for a really romantic, cosy ambiance - I highly recommend this joint for a date spot. 

As I mentioned, the Rigatoni Alla Vodka is a hot favorite of mine - the rich delicious vodka sauce topped with some spicy fennel sausage makes for a very hearty entre. Their Wild Mushroom Arancini Crispy Risotto Balls are also UH-MAZING - the crispy outer layer and decadent truffle filling are sooo good. If you're a truffleholic like me, get it as an appetizer. Amongst the desserts, the only one I've tried is the hazelnut cannoli - the creamy hazelnut filling was delicious (might be a little too sweet for someone who doesn't have a huge sweet tooth). If you want to add some drinks, their sangria does not disappoint.

If you haven't been to Little Nonna's yet, please go make reservations!
My fiance and I went to Little Nonnas last Friday for dinner at 6pm. This restaurant is small and gives a homey feel. For dinner, he got spaghetti and meatballs and I got the Lamb Creste that had sheep's milk ricotta in it. We also ordered a side of garlic bread. I was pleased with this place since the food was "comfort food" and you could taste the good quality. The service was extremely fast (I think we got our food within 5-10 minutes). Also, the garlic bread was amazing and even came with some roasted garlic on the side. It was a garlic-y experience! The portions were a good size! My fiance who eats a lot had to save 1/2 his spaghetti and meatballs for later and I also had to save half my lamb creste for later. My only comment is that I wish there was more lamb in my dish!! Other than that, the taste was amazing.The sheeps milk ricotta made everything so creamy!!

I definitely will return to this place.
Three words describe the spaghetti and meatballs...De...Lisc...Ous!!  

This quaint little place has wonderful appeal and fantastic scratch made Italian fare!

When in or near the Rittenhouse District...this is a MUST stop to dine!!  Be sure to make a reservation, as it is a popular restaurant and it fills up quick!!

Cheers and enjoy!!
Little Nonna's is in a nice spot in south Center City and an intimate dining room. It's cozy, a bit dark, and with hanging string lights. It features both an indoor dining room and a heated garden outside. We opted for inside on this overcast day. 

A carafe of wine and a three course meal split between my best friend and I cost us a very reasonable ~$65. The carafe of red was about $26 of this, and we each had a nice 2 glasses. 

For our first course, we had toast with burrata, asparagus, soy beans, tossed in dressing and topped with crispy proscuitto. I liked this so much, I'm making it at home. It was big enough to split between us two.

For our main course, we had the spaghetti. Two large and tender meatballs served alongside a fresh spaghetti in marinara sauce. It was an incredible value for just $16. Those meatballs were delicious!

For the final course and the ringer was the tiramisu. A mixed version of the traditional Italian dessert had creamy custard mixed with cake. It was so rich, the whipped cream on top probably was unnecessary. We ate it anyway, of course. The crispy cookies on top made it the perfect balance. 

We ate a pretty early dinner at 6:00, so there was no wait with our reservation. The house filled up though, as we reached the dinner hour, so I'd always be sure to make a reservation to avoid a wait. 

I'll be back! Enjoy!
This Restaurant is excellent. 

Aside from it's very nice and inviting ambiance, owner and staff awesome attentive service.... this restaurant delivers yummy food. 

We came here actually because we didn't want to eat at the airport. 
Looking for great Italian restaurants close to the airport...Little Nona's showed to be a quick 10- 15 min. metro ride from PHL. We arrived just a few blocks away from the restaurant and we couldn't be happier.... this restaurant deserves praise. We ordered a bottle of wine, garlic bread that was delicious, a meatball sandwich, meatball pasta, salad and fish. ALL was perfectly cooked and seasoned. 

Prices here are also very affordable and the place gets pretty busy... at least during lunch. 

If you have the chance to come here... please do. You will be glad you did!
I just cried, tears down my face, because the tiramisu was so good. I have never had a good bring me to tears before. I got the tiramisu to go because I was so full from the giant portions! 

I got Nonni's Spaghetti & Meatballs and my fiance got the Sunday Gravy ... we were both blown away. First by how much food we got, but second how DELICIOUS it was. 

At first I was nervous the prices were a bit high, but rest assured it is worth every penny! We will definitely be back again!!! 

Helpful note: it's just as delicious the next day as left overs :)
The pros: super nice service, good location, great ambiance inside (or outside). 

The cons: not sure what all the hype was about, but my husband and I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and steak special respectively -- both were widely disappointing. My husband compared it to diner food. 

Pretty disappointed given the owners also have Barbuzzo, which is fabulous. 

Won't go back.
Short and simple: The food here is amazing! Feels like a small mom & pop restaurant you'd find in Italy! Came here for Restaurant week and we were able to try a few of their pastas, and they were all amazing! The meatballs for the appetizer were absolutely delicious. Their tiramisu was also so fluffy and soft. Honestly, A+ to their food. We came rather early and booked a table, so not much of a wait. Server was knowledgeable on what they have, and also had recommendations regarding wine! We were also able to sit in their back outdoor seating area, which was a pleasantly surprising cute space. Definitely worth coming back!

Rating: 9.0/10
Pros: All their pastas
Cons: Not much.
It's one of my favorite spots in Philly! It has a very warm and charming interior, especially if you get a table in the courtyard in the evening. The pasta dishes are very good and the salad we ordered was refreshing. If you're looking for a small place to have good food and have good conversations, I highly recommend this place.
We were seated in the outside courtyard, very cozy! (a little tight but intimate). If you can, go with a party of at least 4 people so you can family-style some of the offerings!

The food was excellent. When first trying an Italian restaurant, I usually like to test the waters with standbys such as a Sunday Gravy.

-The Sicilian Rum Punch, house-bottled cocktail was excellent. Kate enjoyed her Sangiovese. 
- Octopus appetizer: This was fantastic!  From what I remember, it came with minced cucumbers, red onion, capers, arugula, etc. I wish they had this on the regular menu.
- Baby Caesar salad: This was very good. I think it was a little heavy-handed with the cheese. However, the polenta croutons were excellent!
- Spaghetti & Meatballs: very good
- Sunday Gravy: excellent/simplistic. The leftovers were delish'
- Garlic bread: very good, I would of liked a little less butter...let the garlic shine instead.

Our server Kaylee was excellent. She was professional, personable and funny. She sensed our needs and was always one step ahead of us. Our water glasses were refreshed in a timely manner. We felt the prices were very reasonable. 

Suggestions: The courtyard has a greenhouse style enclosure. So, it was very hot/stuffy. Maybe install a few low-profile ceiling fans up in here? It would go nice with the theme.

We are looking forward to returning. I see other items on the menu that are calling my name.
Ordered the Mushroom "Bolognese" Creste and it did not disappoint! The pasta was very fresh and had the perfect bite. The sauce was super flavorful did not feel too heavy. Loved the inclusion of kale - gave a crunch that complimented the dish well.
Amazing Italian cuisine! From the bread service to the antipasto to the dinner, I was in heaven from start to finish.

I had the Sunday gravy, which is a delcious combination of the house gravy with sausage, meatballs and meat, served with a healthy bowl of pasta. It was one of the most delicious dishes I have ever had in my young life.

Nonna's will definitely be a require stop whenever I am in town.
Went to Little Nonnas last weekend and my experience could not have been better.  The courtyard area was very charming and adorable as it was very nicely decorated with lights.  Our waitress was spectacular and the food came out within 15 minutes.  We ordered the garlic bread as an appetizer, pasta and meatballs, and rigatoni vodka.  Everything was delicious.  The pasta and meatballs was a 10/10 would highly recommend!!  It came with huge portions and the meatball had cheese in the center.  The vodka rigatoni was still very good but we both preferred the spaghetti and meatballs.  The drinks were good and strong! The restaurant is reasonably priced and takes COVID precautions seriously.  This is a perfect date night spot and we can't wait to go back!
Had dinner here on a layover with a few of my crew. Such a cute little spot, we didn't make a reservation(I suggest you do! Especially if it's a date) so we got put by the bar which wasn't a problem for us. I got one of the red wines(I forgot which one sorry! But it was good haha). For the appetizer we got the mushroom balls, it was delicious.

And for my main dish, my friend and I decided to share the meat ball pasta- the serving size is huge. 

The servers were super friendly as well! 

I would definitely come back :)
The service was very good.  Unfortunately, I didn't enjoy one dish.  The broccoli rabe was far too bitter for my liking.  I know broccoli rabe is bitter by nature, but it was pungent.  The bruschetta was so oily. The spaghetti and meatballs were cooked wonderfully, but had an extremely surprising, and unwelcoming smokey flavor.  This restaurant could be pretty great, with the romantic ambiance....However, the food and drinks seem to be trying way too hard to be different.  Everything was VERY fragrant and SALTY.  I don't get the amazing reviews?  I suppose the food and drink could just not be my taste?
Had a nice date here with my husband. They just opened this week and you can tell they are on their toes making sure everything is running smoothly. Server(s) were nice and attentive, food was delicious and atmosphere was fabulous. Cozy but not crowded. Beautiful and stylish yet comfortable. A must-visit.

We enjoyed a classic menu of garlic bread, grilled caesar (the dressing, polenta plus being grilled was a great twist), stuffed shell, lemon chicken and apple crostata. I recommend them all. Loved the wine list too. 

Looking forward to another visit!
I had a perfectly romantic and delicious dinner with my boyfriend here last Wednesday at 6.  Although it was on the early side, the restaurant filled up quickly, so I would recommend making reservations.  At our request, we were seated at a table on the covered patio, which is completely secluded from the street and thus feels relatively quiet and intimate compared to many other outdoor spaces in the city.   

Every dish of food we ordered was very good.  We started with the meatballs, which are a must-have, and the Caesar salad, which featured the best croutons I have ever eaten in my life.  My boyfriend ordered the rigatoni and I had the bucatini, and both dishes were incredibly flavorful without feeling overly oily or salty as pasta often can.  Service was polite but not overbearing, which helped contribute to the intimate vibe of the meal.

My only complaint about Little Nonna's is that it is not a BYO.  All glasses and bottles of wine on the menu are priced the same -- $11 and $48, respectively -- and although I found this uniform pricing nice in a way, the charm of this little Philly Italian bistro tucked away in the Gayborhood is ever so slightly diminished by the high price of booze.
This is place is really cute, from the name to the look. We were able to just stop in and get a table on a Friday night, may have just been lucky though because it's a pretty small place and busy place. The servers were also very attentive and nice. 

I got the pan-seared gnocchi which was very good, is has zucchini, tomato and corn in it. I don't know how much I agree with corn in pasta dishes but still enjoyed nonetheless. I also got the the twist, which is peach and ricotta gelato, it was great. I tend to favor simpler desserts so if you have the same preferences I would recommend it. They also tiramisu and fancy cakes. 

Definitely give this place a try if you're in the area.
I have been to Little Nonna's in the past but it was never memorable when compared to some other Italian restaurants in the city. This week, my group decided to dine here due to location convenience and it really impressed me. 

We arrived about 20 minutes before our reservation time and since they have no room to stand and wait inside and it was raining outside they suggested we have a drink at their sister property next door, Bud and Marilyns. Inconvenient, but we obliged. We were not notified that our table was ready so we just popped back in and hoped for the best. 

To start, the group shared the burrata, bruschetta, garlic bread, and meatballs over risotto. The bread that came with the burrata was thick, perfectly charred, and dressed with olive oil. The creamy seasoned burrata with an olive mixture was a bonus. The garlic bread came with a full head of roasted garlic (rejoice) and paired perfectly with the meatball sauce/polenta mixture. I didn't try the meatballs but the table enjoyed. The bruschetta was not your typical with a tomato mixture on top, but rather turnips, apples, goat cheese and prosciutto with a spicy kick to it. 

For my entree, I opted for two more apps, the chopped salad and eggplant parm. The eggplant was perfectly crispy with a generous portion of tomato sauce, pesto and cheese on top. The salad was also bomb, Italian meats and cheeses topped with a tasty Italian vinaigrette.  

Even with plenty of leftovers to take home from all of the food listed above, I couldn't manage more than a bite of dessert which was a hazelnut cannoli. 

My entire group left feeling satisfied and looking forward to their leftovers. I left realizing this place is a serious contender for Italian in the city!
As a lover of all things created by the ladies that own 13th st, I am very surprised to be  giving this only 3 stars.  I went for dinner on a friday night with Justin G, Colleen D, and Casey M with much anticipation.  We decided to order a bunch of plates for the table to share and overall we were underwhelmed.  It's possible that I am overly biased since I grew up with great italian cooking...but all four of us agreed there was nothing amazing about the food.   I'd like to give it a try again in the future in the hopes that it was an off night but with so many great places to eat in Philly, it's not too likely.  I still can't rave enough about Barbuzzo or Jamonera but Nonna's just didn't do it for me.
I visited a few months ago while seeing Philly with my mom and I must say this was a good highlight. The pan seared gnocchi melted in my mouth, and the meatballs were amazing. The garlic bread is forever stuck in my mind. A small place but lovely waitstaff.
I was a bit dismayed by my dining experience here, given the abundance of raving reviews.  Why so harsh?

Well, I came here with three friends who are all vegetarians and it seems like the choices are significantly reduced if you want to go meatless and that there's a startling lack of flexibility.  For instance, pasta-wise, your vegetarian options will be the gnocchi, the rigatoni sans sausage, and the bucatini sans the foie gras.  When we asked if anything could be substituted for the meat, we were told no, the meat could be omitted, but if you wanted to substitute/add anything, you'd have to pay an additional fee.  Could the broccoli rabe, which the waitress said is spicy, be made less spicy?  No, we were told, it's pre-made as a big batch.  Really?  Seriously, if you go to my first love place, which is Chinatown, you can make literally any dish less spicy.  You might be foregoing the intended taste, but you can tone down essentially any dish so to be told at this a restaurant that's received 500+ reviews was a bit disappointing.  My friend wasn't that enticed by either of the three vegetarian pasta dishes offered - particularly b/c it seemed like with the rigatoni and bucatini, you'd be losing stuff without getting a substitution unless you forked out more money.  She ended up eating spaghetti. 

Finally, do make reservations otherwise there's little prayer of a chance you'll get a table.  As I said, I wasn't terribly impressed overall by the lack of flexibility and I'd defer the chance to dine here to someone else.
Walking in to Little Nonna's brought one overwhelming question: "where are all the customers." As the night progressed, it was easy to see why.

Though you can immediately tell this is a sister restaurant of Barbuzzo and the others (mostly from the little string lights and charming interior, the service is almost distinctively different. Perhaps it was just the waitress, but at best, it was always awkward and forced anytime she approached the table. On several occasions, we had to remind her about our orders or drink refills.  The worst phrase you can hear after being seated for 5 minutes is "are you ready to order." No only did we hear this once...we had it chirped to us 4 to 5 times. It rushed us to order and didn't offer enough time to process the menu. Additionally, she couldn't recommend anything on the menu because "it was all good." Ok???

The food was relatively ok...but the menu lacked classic Italian dishes that you'd certainly expect to find at your Nonna's house (hello- where's the lasagna). Barbuzzo's meatballs are a grade above what you'll find here, and that facet actually made me wonder why they didn't borrow more heavily from those instead. In fact, can we just admit that Barbuzzo borderlines Italian anyway?!? I really question the existence of Nonna's given that. 

The highlight of the meal was definitely the tiramisu...which of all the Marcie and Valerie restaurants, the iteration of the dish here stands out as the best. It's not marred by the striated attempts to reinvent the dish (which is evident at Barbuzzo by the drenching of Amaretto flavoring they use). 

I wouldn't return to Little Nonna's...especially considering the steep competition in Philly for Italian.
Little Nonna's outdoor seating is a must. Plot twist: the "outdoor seating" is actually covered by a greenhouse-esque roof and string lights that make you feel like you're in the backyard of grandma's house. There are even clothes hanging from a clothline by the employee entrance/exit. 

I was a little disappointed in their squid ink dish.. the texture of the noodles were very rubbery / meh and the sauce was flavorful but didn't really grip on the pasta so it felt like you were just eating plain squid ink pasta with a side of tomato soup. However, the rigatoni alla vodka albeit a simple dish, is still a classic and the huge rigatoni was on point! Texture - check. Sauce - check. Portion size - check. Sausage?!?! Best part of the meal tbh. Except the garlic bread which was devoured within seconds of it being placed on the table. Spaghetti and meatballs I heard was amazing but I don't eat beef so I guess I'll never know. Definitely coming back here - great ambience especially when the sun goes down and the candles come out~
