3.5 Stars Little Thai Market is centrally located in Reading Terminal Market. It will most definitely have one of the longest lines at lunch time. They do have quite the assembly production line down pat to keep it moving rather quickly however.

Their popularity may have something to do with their very low prices! Soups for $2-$2.50. Apps for the same price, and entire large portion meals just $6! They offer pad thai and curry. Salmon curry served over coconut rice seems to be a fan favorite. The dishes are topped with lime wedge, fresh cilantro and crunchy bean sprouts. 

We opened for the red veggie curry and lemongrass shrimp soup. The curry was very tasty, but a bit too mild for my liking. I really should've went back for some crushed red pepper or chili oil. I also should've asked for some crushed peanuts for crunch as it was rather "brothy". The veggies were very fresh and plentiful and I appreciated the fresh basil. Also, while the rice was very good, a tad too much. Perhaps I'll ask for more veggies and less rice. I would order this dish again and make the enhancements I just referred to. Hubs really enjoyed his soup which came with three decent sized shrimp. The broth was really tasty but it could've used some more veggies in my opinion. He liked it a lot however. 

I added a delicious can of coconut  water with chunks of coconut pieces. So good! 

They are now accepting cards but they do not give the usual 10% off to jurors that most in Reading Terminal Market do. 
Closed Sundays.
I love Thai food, especially when it's affordable. Heck, I ate here twice in one day!

Their chicken basil ($5.50; cash only) is stand-up, stir-fried chunks of meat served with sweet basil, chili paste, onions, and bell peppers. If you prefer seafood, get their spicy shrimp bamboo shoot (5.50). It comes with the expected onions, bell peppers, and basil that make up a quality Thai dish, the whole lot stir-fried. Both dishes come with rice, as do most of their dishes. The cooking isn't bona-fide Thai, but it's pretty good, and you're saving a buck.

While waiting for your grub - you won't wait long - peruse their grocery selection.

Find Little Thai Market in the Reading Terminal Market. Remember, the market closes at 5 PM.
I visited the Reading Terminal this weekend and I was to stop by the Little Thai Market easily because there wasn't the 'long line' that usually wraps around the whole aisle when you visit during a weekday!

So excited about the small victories these days and I celebrated by having the Salmon Curry Bowl!  As you will see from all the review..it is worth standing in line!  The portion size is fair and if you as shrimp to the meal..you are on your way to an enjoyable adventure for your taste buds!

If you are in the terminal...stop by and give them a try...deliciousness = Happiness!
In the bustling Reading Market, the aptly named  Little Thai Market is easy to miss except for the line around it.  And that line is there because most people are ordering their very famous grilled salmon in red curry sauce over rice.  This is a dish worth waiting in line for - especially at the grand total of eight dollars.  My only real critique is that I like the red curry sauce to be thicker and a little more of it. Still this is one of the best and tastiest eating options in the culinary heaven of the Reading Terminal Market!
I only get the chicken yellow curry.  It's so good that I just can't bring myself to get anything else.  

Its a great spot to grab lunch.  They have $2 chicken and lemongrass soup that's acutally big enough for a meal size portion.  My friend always gets the salmon so it must be good but like I said, I'll never know.
OMG!!!! Do not let my secret out.  $2.00 Tom Ka Gai can not be beat (the most addictive Thai Coconut Soup - with chicke or shrimp - for $2.50 - or just vegetarian.)

I love the pad thai and curries, too.

CASH ONLY and you don't need much - for around $6.00 you can get a full delicious Thai meal.  (Bring some home tonight - the eat-in ambience leaves something to be desired.

YUM!!!!!!
Who cares if the line is wrapped around their stand? It's worth the wait. The food is all pre-made so there is a really quick turn around anyway. Solid, consistent thai food. I think the most expensive thing on the menu is $6 (Salmon w/ red curry sauce..a-mazing). Worth looking out for when going to reading terminal.
All I hear is salmon curry when I'm engaged in a conversation re: Reading Terminal Market so I had to try it out. 

This is definitely worth the stop and the hype is real. The salmon covers the entire surface of the delicious curry soaked rice underneath. The salmon is relatively thin sliced, so don't be mistaken by the photos on here. The curry's flavoring is on point and has a nice sweet kick. Definitely worth the price at ~$8
This place always has a long line, and for good reason!  Everything is yummy!  My favorite dish is the salmon with the red curry sauce over white rice and broccoli...getting hungry just thinking about it!  The pad Thai is very tasty too and I'll usually order it when they either run out of salmon or there is a huge backlog of salmon orders (it's just that good!) and I'm short on time.  The shrimp coconut soup has a light creamy flavor with a hint of lemongrass and is topped off with cilantro.  I'll usually order the soup with an order of spring roll, but be aware that they give you 2 spring rolls with an order.  I usually eat one at lunch and save the other one for later.  Another popular dish is the skewered Thai BBQ chicken which is quite tender and smothered in their sweet n' sour sauce.  They also have a chicken basil dish that my coworker raves about.   If you are in the Reading Terminal, I highly recommend that you stop by and try it out, you won't be disappointed.
I already had my reservations about the food here. But i've had the salmon & rice as a last resort when in a hurry and it was ok. Thankfully i look at and mix my food before & while eating it. The size of this fly, i don't know how it wasn't floating at the top. This solidified my decision to never eat from here again. The food doesn't really look appetizing anyways. This was yet another lesson to follow my gut (& save it).
A slam dunk.  That's what I was needing today.  After a number of so,so or no,no kind of experiences I was jonesing for a 5 star review to start my day off,  that and a cup of coffee.

To say that Little Thai Market at the Reading Terminal Market is a gem, is no exaggeration.  The prices are all around $5 per dish, though the Salmon is a tiny more and damn, it's worth way more than they charge.  I love the basil chicken, like the pad thai and they're quick, affordable and most importantly.... CONSISTENT!
doesn't get any better than this! delicious salmon over rice w/ red curry - i get it every time. I can't imagine getting anything else from here. anytime i think of "maybe... chicken today..?" i always do a last minute switch to the salmon. it's fresh, flavorful, tender, big portions, and cheap! service is quick- remember to order from the server then pay at the cashier. if you order from the cashier she'll ask u if you told the server and that can get confusing, especially since there is usually a long line. you certainly don't wanna be THAT idiot who screws up the flow. 

get the red curry salmon w/ extra sauce! you will love it!
Little Thai Markets salmon dish is the best salmon I have ever had. Thin grilled with a sweet curry sauce. I like half-rice extra broccoli extra sauce. I go half rice because It doesn't matter how much they give me, when it's sitting in the curry sauce I can't help but eat it all! Also, you can buy their red curry sauce, but they won't give you the recipe (I've already asked)
Yes, there is a reason that this place has a long-ass line when there are about 25 other places to eat in Reading Terminal Market alone.

Huge plate of tasty Thai food for $5-$6. Uh, DUH.

The thing is, I have definitely had better Thai food, but that is not to say that this place is not good. It's standard. I'll put it that way. It's tasty, satisfying, and will help feed you for the entire day. 

But standing in line in the Market, paying under $10 for an appetizer, meal, and beverage, and sitting in the Market to eat said feast is something that makes me smile in a special Philadelphia kinda way. And if you have friends/family visiting from out of town, you should help them experience this Philadelphia love. 

Something to note if you are into Thai cooking: You can buy fresh Thai ingredients from this place, stuff that is hard to find elsewhere (Kaffir lime leaves, galangal, thai chilis, etc).
Yum Yum Yum!!! 

If you're in the terminal often, you can't avoid this place. The line alone will tell you that you need to eat here. And what do you need to get: Salmon with white rice, broccoli and curry sauce. 

When I started working nearby, my mother told me to go here for lunch and since then, I can't stay away and neither can others because it's not a secret. 

I, and many others, only get the salmon- sometimes with shrimp on top. I've had the pad Thai and it wasn't the best, so I stick to what I know. They crank these platter out in an assembly line so you don't have to wait very long, but I would if I had to. The sauce is really what keeps me going back. I don't know what is in it, but it's delicious. 

Beware that there is a $10 minimum for credit cards. The salmon platter only comes to about $8.50 but if you add shrimp or a chicken skewer, you'll hit it!
Little Thai stall, decent variety, great taste, even better price! Hard to beat LEMONGRASS CHICKEN SOUP for only $3!!! It was packed with so much of flavor & the quantity was killer for that price!

Returned a 2nd time to try out some entrees. All the food displayed on the counter looked appetizing! We tried the SALMON CURRY ENTREE- grilled salmon with steamed broccoli over steamed white rice with yellow curry poured over top of everything. You can get steamed shrimp as an additional $3. 

Overall, the experience both times were satisfying and the food tasted great. Definitly will keep this place in mind when bringing friends.! The line apparantly usually wraps around the block - probably on weekends.
Hopefully there are no major changes coming to this particular location especially when it comes to the salmon curry lunch meal which is a good deal for $8.74. 

Never would of considered salmon for curry but I've always been willing to try different food combinations mostly to my benefit.  

Good crunchy two pieces of broccoli and two pieces of bell pepper but the curry sauce with the salmon and rice is what you need more of to try now before it may go away lol
That's right the secret is out! This little place in the middle of the Reading Terminal Market is a huge find! $5.50 for a bowl of rice and freshed steamed broccili topped with this delicious, melt in your mouth pan seared salmon that seeps it's yummy sauce throughout the rice. You can't get a fine piece of salmon like this anywhere! You can't go wrong with their pad thai either- $5.50 for a heaping lunch portion is the best for the money I have seen in the city ( note for the money, some of my favs like Aqua are worth paying the extra price).

If you are looking for good Thai, check this baby out!
I like this little spot. Their coconut tom yum? soup always satisfies. I see that some folks are complaining that it lacks complexity? It does lack a bit of sour flavor, but I like it just fine. The soup has a lot of bay leaves and lemongrass stalks...you have to fish them out. It's salty and sweet...it's just awesome.

The noodles aren't very great, I agree. The noodles aren't made by order, so it's something to be expected.

But their salmon is really good though. It has really smoky flavor. My wife doesn't like salmon, especially Atlantic salmon, but she likes this salmon. I advise that you get it with extra sauce, which adds the extra kick that might lack if you don't get it with extra sauce.

Overall, it's cheap, fast, reliable food (at least for the soup and the salmon dish). And that's the combination that's hard to come by these days.
Used to try somewhere new everytime i was at RTM, that changed when i stumbled upon little thai market. My three favorite things-- delicious, healthy and cheap. didnt know that was possible!  Salmon, broccoli, and rice for $6... I think so.
I used to live and die as well as recommend this place to everyone. Lately, the Salmon & Rice has been nothing to write home about. Also, the young Asian guy behind the counter is super rude, as recently as today I dealt with his lack of customer service skills. I thought it was personal at first, until I read another review. If this is not bad enough, they had the audacity to go up on prices in January 2013.  So now I'm paying more for bad service.  Sadly, I will not be going back to this place or recommending it to anyone else for that matter.
wow- totally worth the line that wraps around this stand. The salmon curry is unbelievable- for $6 you get a huge chunk of perfectly cooked salmon over rice- ask for extra sauce - makes this dish 10x better!!

FYI - it is cash only.
I wanted to go 4 stars here but I think a solid 3 or 3.5 stars is more appropriate.  

My Mom loves to order from here when she's down in the Reading Terminal Market.  In fact I think she might order from here every time she's in the neighborhood.  We were down in the city for the Philadelphia Flower Show, and no show is complete without a trip to the Reading Terminal Market.  We had some lunch at a different destination and then decided to get some to go from the Little Thai Market.

It's a small shop in the center somewhat typically with a long line as mentioned.  Here's my ten cents:

Salmon Curry - Tons of Salmon.  You definitely get a very large portion for $6.50.  As mentioned in other reviews it is heated up in the microwave, not the worst thing in the world but not great when I want fresh.  To their credit it is very fresh just in a reheated kind of way.  The curry sauce is thin and I wanted more of it to really give a punch of flavor.  The broccoli is totally crisp and fresh.

Chicken with Basil - Again, thin sauce and not as flavorful as I would like.  You get a ton of chicken and veggies over rice and its yummy.  

Chicken Coconut Soup - Now this is what I would come here for!  The chicken is plentiful with veggies and some mushrooms and then ladled over the protein and veggies comes the coconut broth with great depth of flavor.  Now this is  the soup dejour.

I would come back for the soup every time and the other dishes are okay, just don't have enough Thai kick for me.

No worries, I will be back on my next visit.
long lines during peak hours for lunch, but they have the most amazing salmon and shrimp red curry. cash only!
This place is great! I got the salmon curry (~$8) and it was absolutely worth it. They definitely don't skimp on salmon, the portion is like half a fish. It also comes with a few pieces of broccoli and two or three scoops of curry. I actually found that letting the dish sit for a little to let the rice soak up the curry and get a little cooler made it taste better. 

It's located in Reading Terminal and it took me quite some time to find it, so account for that if you're in a rush! Also minimum for credit/debit card is $10. Luckily, there's an ATM not too far at the closest entrance.
I so wanted to go here to get a pregnancy spice fix, but unfortunately, they use MSG in everything.
This place is so consistently delicious. I've had the famous salmon and it's so so flavorful. The pork is just as yummy, as well as the chicken red curry. Their sauces are just packed with flavor and you won't be disappointed. 

But then there's the chicken lemongrass coconut soup. Oh. My. Word. I can't even begin to describe it. There's so many notes that hit your mouth. The size just isn't adequate. Wish I could have some now!!!!
I've been eating here for maybe 11-12 years now. Let me break down the menu:

Pad Thai - Best Pad Thai I've ever had. Perfect as the dish goes.  Don't be a noob and order it without peanuts or sprouts. I usually get the chicken, but the vegetable is great. 

Yellow Curry - My Gf's favorite dish on the menu. It's damn good sweet curry. 

Chicken Basil - Honesty, probably my favorite thing here. The perfect combination of flavors. 

Salmon in Curry Sauce - The biggest seller by miles. It's really good, and the piece is massive. Get it with shrimp and extra sauce. 

Curry Duck - Do NOT sleep on this! It's special order (takes about 15 min) but worth the wait. Some of the best duck I've ever had. 

Spring Rolls - Get them with everything you order. 

Chicken Skewer - Dark meat, almost pork-like, but the sauce is ballin and it's great, cheap on the good food. 

Service is excellent and fast. The lunch line can be one of the biggest in Reading, but it moves fast.
I'm not a real Thai eater, I pretty much ONLY get the salmon dish, the egg rolls, and the BBQ skewers here. They are SO tasty! I love it! This is my favorite lunch spot at RTM.

However, this place is also the reason I learned to NOT come around lunch time. The line can snake all around the stand. It moves pretty quickly, though, except when they have to cook more food, then you're screwed, haha. I haven't been here in a long time, but when I come back, I know I'll be ordering that salmon again. YUM.
When they bring out a fresh platter of Pad Thai to serve I'm not sure there's another place in the city that can compete. 

The noodles just taste, right with the correct amount of sweetness and the noodles have the perfect tenderness and the portions are smaller than the other places you may frequent but thats okay because the prices are also cheaper than those other places. 

The salmon curry is also the bomb diggity even though it's more like a salmon donburi than a salmon curry.
This place is akin to the Soup Nazi in Seinfeld: seriously.

During the workweek lunch hour, there's a line down the aisle.  The locals (I am one) rave about this place.

You can't go wrong.

As the others have said, the salmon with red curry is a chart topper.

I had shrimp coconut soup.  It looked bland, had white coconut broth, and not much more, but it was damn good.

If you have an appetite, you can order salmon w/ shrimp + red curry sauce.  It's what I had today.  Really wonderful.  $8.  But I do second the popular opinion: ask for extra sauce.  All the extra protein left some room desired for the sauce.  And it's like crack.  Put the pipe to your lips.
A Thai stall in Reading Market, the food is ready made and waiting in buffet trays, so there is no waiting. You can sit at numerous tables scattered through the market. Ok for a quick to-go order, and the portions are a good size, but as far as Thai food goes, not so tasty. I got the lemongrass soup with chicken, yellow curry chicken, and salmon, based on what I had read on here. The soup was too salty / fish saucy and lacked the complexity / aromatic flair it should have (e.g. more galangal and lemongrass). The yellow curry was simple and bland. The salmon was well cooked and a good portion for the price, but the sauce lacked the typical Thai kick. It needed more basil, more lime, more chili, more umph. It reminded me of mall food court food. I thought I could make every one of these dishes better. I am not Thai, but I have to confess, I have lived in both Thailand and Thailand's foreign province of Los Angeles.
I can't believe everyone loves this place! I just got done eating the famous salmon curry. It was decent, not great, not even that good. For $7.50 it's a good deal in center city. Huge portion of salmon, but I almost walked out the the line when I saw the cook place the salmon in the microwave. I couldn't believe my eyes. The put every price of salmon they serve in the microwave before they serve it! And they crazy thing is they do this right in front of everyone while people waiting in line! At least hide that microwave in the back or something! I can't believe I just ate microwaved salmon. But hey, like I said it was decent.
Get the SALMON!!! I'm not in Philly often, however this is a must stop location. I waited in line 30 mins happier than a child with a ice cream cone!!!

Ever bite gets better and better!!! Until you look and see it's gone...I can't wait until my next visit and the size of Salmon is almost 10ounces for less than $9 bucks. They sell out every day which should tell you something!!! Yummy
Today's lunch devours brought me back to the infamous Reading Terminal, where i found Little Thai Market (Thai food & Grocery). This small Thai business consist of a staff of four, who are so welcoming and passionate about their menu. The menu is very small yet filled with some Thai heavy hitters! It's very affordable for any devours. Today, I tried their Salmon Curry which was a whopping $8.00. It comes with a huge portion of Grilled Salmon with freshly steam broccoli  and white rice . The salmon was grilled perfection and the broccoli was nice a crunchy. The Curry sauce is very flavorful and tasty!  . If you ever find yourself wanting some very affordable Thai food that's absolutely amazing? Check out Little Thai Market @ The Reading Terminal Market!  #thai #thaifood #salmon #food #foodporn #broccoli #rice #foodphotography #foodstagram #foodie
3 words: Chicken, red, curry.  Everyone gets the salmon, and I get it, it's good and it's a super value.  Trust me though, getting the salmon is like agreeing to a date with a guy you think is terrific, only to find out his brother is George Clooney.  The one you've got is still pretty great, but the other one has an Oscar and a house in Italy.  

I worked a block from Reading Terminal market for two years and in that time accomplished my goal of eating repeatedly at every eatery, but the place I kept coming back to was Little Thai Market.

The chicken red curry is outstanding: just spicy enough, plenty of coconuty goodness, big chunks of chicken, red peppers, and bamboo shoots.  It's delicious and for under $8 you can get it with a couple of spring rolls and save half for lunch tomorrow.
Delicious!! The coconut based sauce that they use is very flavorful. They give you a pretty big piece of salmon for a great price. 
Decided to break away from my usuals and try this place out. Every time I go into Reading the line is always long for this place, so I figured the food must be good. YES IT IS!!! Heard people in line ordering the Salmon so that's what I went with. Next time I go back, I would love to try some more of the dishes, especially the soups that they offer. 
If you're looking for Flavor and Fullness, all for a good price stop here
Supposedly one of the decent lunch spots at Reading Terminal. Came by to try the highly rated Salmon curry, and I was slightly disappointed. The salmon was indeed big, but there wasn't anything super interesting about the taste. The curry is a yellow curry, and they basically make a huge batch in which they pour on top of your platter of rice/salmon/broccoli. To be honest, it was a little too watery for me. Since I worked at an authentic Thai restaurant for a few years, this place was a bit disappointing. Waiting for my food felt like I was in a conveyor; they were just making a bunch of platters and at the end "topped it off" with whatever you ordered. For me, eating here one time is enough; I don't think I would come back for anything else.

Rating: 4.5/10
Pros: Big salmon, easy lunch spot
Cons: long line
Portion and price wise, this place is great. Flavor and the quality of the food is subpar. The curry salmon is only $6.50 and they give you a HUGE piece of salmon with rice. I found it disappointing that they are so stingy with the broccoli though. Even though the fish was good, the overall flavor of the dish was very much lacking. It only tasted like a pale version of real Thai food. The red curry chicken was $6 and with that, you get a good amont of chicken and vegetables. The flavor of this dish was somewhat better but it still left a lot to be desired. I also tried the coconut chicken soup and this was the WORST. The soup did not have any coconuty taste. It tasted like it had vinegar in it! Disgusting.
This place isn't fancy, the staff isn't particularly friendly, I think it's cash only, they charge you "extra" for additional sauce and looming above is an unfriendly "no refunds" sign, but the food is delicious and cheap.  Can't go wrong with that.  

My favorites:  Tom Ka ($2 for HUGE portions!!!!), Pad Thai, Basil Chicken, Salmon Red Curry, Yellow Curry, Red Curry Chicken, Papaya Salad.  Everything is good.  

Overall, a fantastic value for your money.  The meat/seafood portions are fabulous.
I always get lost trying to find this place every time I'm in the Reading Terminal Market. When I'm in the mood for fast, cheap, and delicious Thai food, this is the place for me.

I've tried their Red Curry Salmon, Chicken Basil, and Shrimp Pad Thai and they were all wonderful. My usual is their Chicken Basil. What I love about this place is that their food is always consistent, service is friendly, and best of all... it's cheap! :).
Had some chicken with red curry sauce for lunch yesterday and was happy that I picked Little Thai Market among all the food choices available at Reading Terminal Market. With a Coke I was on my way for under $8. 

Portion size was huge, ingredients fresh, and chicken tender. The staff was a wee bit grouchy - but for the food quality and price it was a wash. Cash only.

Might have to go back for that salmon later in the week.
What more is there to say?

The salmon is one of the must-try dishes of the RTM.  The delicate salmon, the light curry sauce...  It's really great.

Another hit is the spicy shrimp.  Give it a try if you can resist the salmon.  (Unfortunately, though, it's the dish that reveals Little Thai Market's weakness: its crap plastic silverware.  It is not an exaggeration to say that I've had difficulty cutting through shrimp.  SHRIMP!  BYO butter knife.)
I read the review today, "Pad Thai - Best Pad Thai I've ever had. Perfect as the dish goes." Speaking of noobs....

Okay, so there was a long line and I read all the reviews. I think they are a bit overstated. I had the shrimp Pad Thai. Now it was good, for fast food, but it doesn't even come close to most sit down places where one dish at a time is made and not some massive batch that has been sitting around for an hour. There are like 6 things on the menu. It was cheap (6.48 with tax) and reasonable, but not much more. 

CASH ONLY!

Food Quality/Taste = 3 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 4 Stars
Service = N/A
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Curry salmon- Amazing!!! Large portions. It's so good! I also tried the spring rolls which were crispy and delicious. You only need a little bit of the red sauce that comes with it. The staff are crazy fast as well, although the lines were long it was moving so no worries there.
Red curry salmon so good I have to lick the bowl. Embarrassing in front of people? Screw them!
ehh, the pad thai was ok, but the big juicy shrimp in it redeemed it. it is just a little weird that the shrimp wasn't cooked into the pad thai. 

the curry is better here. salmon filets are super popular! everyone around me was getting it. 

if im in the mood for thai, ill stick to erawan.
Sometimes you pay a lot for food and the food is good, but not excellent. However, the service was incredible and makes the price worth it.

Other times the food is cheap, and makes you feel as if you just drank a bucket of Crisco and a block of Velveeta.

Little Thai Market is cheap and delicious. The food comes quick, even when a line is starting to wrap around the side of their "stall". Highly recommended for the vegetarians out there.

The nice thing about their location as well, is that you can go find dessert in the form of some local fruit or baked goods.

The bad thing about their location is that it is tourist central, which makes for great people watching. Sometimes I like my AZN cuisine to be found in an out of the way strip mall.
The GREATEST Thai food anywhere. If you get the Yellow Curry Chicken you will never eat anything else again (although the Salmon is great and so is the Red Curry Chicken). The lady who owns the place is a sweetheart. Don't be afraid of the long lines. They move fast and it is well worth it. Order extra sauce. It's amazing.
I returned to Little Thai Market yesterday for lunch.  I must adjust my review.  I ordered the grilled salmon again, this time with extra sauce.

The salmon was as I remembered -- moist, tender and huge.  Seriously, when I got back to my office, I promptly cut the salmon in half and stored for Wednesday's lunch.  

What I was a little disappointed in was the red curry sauce.  It is more watery than creamy, and lacks a bit of flavor.

It's still a good meal in a pinch, and a terrific bargain ($7.02, I believe with the extra sauce).  I will surely return.
I was in Philly for a day and wanted to have lunch at Reading Terminal Market. I was browsing Yelp for the restaurants and found this place. The reviews and the pictures looked good, so I decided to try the salmon curry. 

I arrived here around 12:00pm, and there was a line, but the staff was very efficient that I didn't have to wait long to get my food. It comes with steamed broccoli, rice, and salmon, but I got mine no rice with extra broccoli and extra sauce.

The salmon fillet was huge, and it costs only $8. The portion is generous.
The only complaint is that they don't have seats, so you'll have to find ones which can be hard.
I have heard nothing short of Amazing reviews about the salmon curry, I finally got a chance to make it downtown so I went for it. I ordered the salmon curry with both sauces. It was Delicious!! I only would've ordered extra broccoli however, I was not a fan of the chicken spring roll. The salmon was very satisfying and the portion size is well worth a trip
My very first review in Philly! Sadly, the excitement ends there.

This little restaurant is nestled in the bustling busy Reading Terminal on 12th Street. Although I grew up in Philly, I never patronized any of the interesting little shops or restaurants at the Reading Terminal. I think I was always a little terrified of that place, to be honest. However, ever since I've moved back to the Philly area I have been dying to check this place out. So when my friend suggested going there for lunch one day, I happily accepted.

There was a line! That's always a good sign! The menu was not extensive but it seemed promising. The line moved and I could see the buffet. I brightened like the fat kid I was at the yummy Thai food laid out for my eyes to enjoy. My belly was just inches away from devouring it. Then... the fat kid inside me screamed. I watched the chef place a plate of Salmon in the microwave. He then covered the fish in a blanket of curry and threw some broccolis over it. Um. 

Everything after that wasn't memorable at all. I ended up trying the Basil Chicken, which was bland but tolerable. My crazy and fearless friend ordered the Curry Salmon, which was dry. To be honest, I've had Thai food all my life and the food I had here just did not taste authentic. They even suck at being knock offs. 

Not trying it again.

Toodles!
1 Star 

There were a ton of great reviews for Little Thai Market which is located within Reading Terminal Market. Most of the recommendations came for the salmon curry, so I decided to try it out for lunch.

Decor:
Reading Terminal Market in general is rather chaotic and busy so I was not expecting much for decor.  However, this place looked pretty shabby and unkept compared to many of the other food stalls. Many of the ready made food were missing labels and others were within mysterious bins and buckets.

Food:
After the many great reviews, I decided to get the salmon curry which was clearly the most popular dish.  All the people in line with me were getting the same dish.  While I was waiting in line I noticed that the salmon was coming from baking sheets and being thrown into the microwave on paper plates.  The fish was precooked and then warmed per order in the microwave which is disgusting.  They would plop on some boiled broccoli from a huge tin pot in the back.  At the cash register, they would scoop some very watery sauce into the plastic containers and hand it to you.  The whole process of watching them assemble the plate made me not want to eat anymore.  I would heavily question the cleanliness of the food considering how they make it. The flavor was consistent with the fish coming out of the microwave.  It tasted flaky, pasty, and terrible.  It was extremely overcooked and was overly salty.  The rice was drenched in a strangely watery and oily sauce.  There was a film of oil on top of the dish after they poured the sauce on.  It was extremely fatty and made me feel unconformable after eating it.

Service:
They are cash only.  The servers were unhelpful and acted as if everyone knew how their whole process worked.  They would quickly take your order and then ignore you as you were expected to follow them through the assembly line.

Overall, with so many great food options in Reading Terminal Market and Philly, I would do everything in my power to avoid Little Thai Market.  The food was absolutely terrible and I do not know how clean the food is.
Wow what a great lunch spot. I have not had Thai food this delicious since visiting San Francisco.

I knew I was in for a treat when there was a 30 person line already at noon. I patiently waited and eventually got to sample the salmon curry, Thai salad, and shrimp pad Thai. All were $6 each and hit the spot.

The salmon curry was the standout. A ton of meat piled on flurry rice covered in their special curry sauce. Next time I will be asking for extra sauce.

The Thai salad had tender chicken and a perfect balance of flavors. I loved the hints of lime and loved the overall refreshment factor. 

The shrimp pad Thai got off to a non 5 star start but once I worked my way down and got the sauce in every bite I was officially in heaven. Next time I just need to find a way to get some heat into the mix.

Definitely a can't miss lunch spot in Reading Terminal, and that's saying something.
Having worked downtown and frequenting the Reading Terminal Market often for lunch....this is one of the hidden gems.

The line is always long at lunchtime (a good sign no?) and most folks are getting my favorite dish....the grilled salmon in a coconut curry sauce over steamed rice and broccoli. For a great meal under $10, it can't be beat.

Do yourself a favor and try it out.
Best Salmon Curry Dish EVER!!!!
monstrous portion... i'm a self-proclaimed rice addict, and when i get a dish with a dollop of rice instead of a mountain, i am peeved. the amount of rice i received here today for lunch with my chicken basil bumped this review from a 4 to a 5. the dish was awesome. if i had any self control at all i would have saved a portion for lunch tomorrow. but i dont. so i didnt.
Sigh. You can learn exactly one thing from all the positive reviews here: Philadelphia has lousy Thai food.

Little Thai is okay. That's it. Not even really good. The Chicken Basil was so ridiculously greasy it was embarrassing. You know, a chicken doesn't have that much grease in it, so where'd the grease come from? Beats me. It left my bowl coated with bright orange fat. Taste was okay, but i've had way better.

The chicken yellow curry was far too sweet and tasted mostly of cinnamon.

If you're in the neighborhood and money is an object, drop in. Portions are large. Prices are great. Remember that the food is JUST OKAY and you'll be happy.
The long line and the fact that everyone raves about this place, would normally be a turn off for me.    But the line moves fast and it's cheap and the food is excellent.     The quality and the flavor is as good as I've had for 3x the price at a nicer sit down Thai restaurant.    Portions are large.    Only complaint is entrees (chicken basil, red curry) could be a litle spicier for my liking, but I understand this is cafeteria style preparation and made to please the masses.
Everyone recommends its salmon curry and I decided to try today. It turned out to be disappointed to me. 20% of the rice was raw and the salmon was dry. The curry sauce was appetitive but I wouldn't go again
The shrimp pad thai is good.
The salmon curry is good.
The duck with pineapple on rice is good.
The chicken spring rolls are good.
The chicken kabob thing is good.
The line, after 12:30, not so good.

But the wait is definitely worth it.
So what if they nuke it?
For under $10 i'm not expecting AnthonyBourdain type service.
Still the best bang for the buck THAI food in the entire city.
Salmon
Curry
Tom Kha that ROCKS.

Love it!!!
And still lovin' it years later and after trying lots of Thai places in Philly. (And elsewhere)
Okay so when I was pregnant back in 2015 my brother used to get me the salmon and rice from here and I thought it was so good. However, recently!, one of my girls got me the same thing but it had like coconut milk in the rice and it was so gooood! Now that I'm thinking back to 2015... my brother prob told them to 86 the coconut milk because I was gaining a lot of weight and he was tryna help me eat "healthier". Hmph. I cant believe he didnt even mention it.. like hey maybe you can try it next time. Well now I know that it's an option, cant wait to have it again!!!!
Little Thai Market is cheap, fast, and tasty. My friends and I used to go every Saturday for a hangover cure. For 3 bucks you can get a huge side of rice with curry sauce and a coke. The salmon is good, as well as the coconut shrimp soup and the spring rolls. The guy that works the register is really nice and remembers your order after you show up enough times.
This review is only for the salmon curry. We all know that's why people line up here. Rice, broccoli, huge piece of salmon, all covered in the curry sauce. Always get extra sauce.   Best bang for your buck at reading terminal market
So everyone was getting the salmon, but I went with the pad thai because its a good barometer.  It was pretty delicious.  The chicken gets added in to the noodles, and then bean sprouts, peanuts, cilantro, and a lime wedge.  I could have used some more noodles and less bean sprouts, but the chicken was moist, and the noodles had a well developed flavor.  By the time I got back to the office it was on the cold side, but still tasty.  I'll definitely be back to try the salmon.
I've eaten here twice and ordered the same thing both times: the chicken pad thai (boring I know!). Each time I watched them prepare the salmon dish that everyone seems to rave about and it does look delicious. Unfortunately, the chicken pad thai isn't that great. 

Sure it's okay for a quick $6 Thai fix but I've definitely had better. I suggest ordering hot sauce on the side as the flavor is a bit bland. 

Maybe next time I'll buck up and just go with the salmon?
There is ALWAYS a line here usually wrapped around the corner and down to the next merchant - but that is because it is worth it!

Absolutely love the Basil Chicken served over rice. The Salmon is extremely popular (and tasty)  as you hear order after order of that called out. Not a huge fan of the spring rolls but I have definitely had worse.

As noted by a few other people they aren't the friendliest and it's very much a 'next' 'next' 'next' mentality - I guess I don't mind that since all orders are to-go and you head over to the main seating area in the market if you want to eat there. I'm not there for a hug and a smile - I'm there to grab lunch and go so it's all good.
Quality previously 5 stars. Hope there will be a turnaround soon. Their pad thai and thai curry are - or were, rather - the city's finest.
One of the best Thai options around the city, especially when it is so affordable! 

My favorite is their pad thai, particularly the vegetable one and the chicken one. I keep seeing a lot of people get their salmon dish with broccoli so I assume that's a good one as well.  

Tip: Expect a long line if you get there after 12pm. But the line does go fast. Also, it's cash only.
Salmon, Salmon, Salmon, Salmon.

If I had to choose a last meal, their salmon with extra sauce and extra broccoli would be it.
Watching employees heat up food in the microwave within the first 30 seconds of waiting on line.... Not a great look, but i can't say i disliked this place, in fact it was above average.

----CASH ONLY btw----

There was a HUGE line my first day inside of RTM so i passed, though if everyone else was into it it must be good so i decided to try it on my second day. 

Day 2, line was much smaller, i got the Red Curry Chicken, White Rice, Chicken Spring Roll and Extra Sauce. Cost was $9.50, It was a good amount of food, i couldn't eat it all. It had a decent flavor but the chicken could have been a bit more moist and tender. It was close to the dry side. 


For the price, quantity and taste it was definitely above average.
I usually bring my lunch to work.  when i do not bring my lunch, i go to one of three places -- old nelson's (veggie sandwich), jimmy john's (veggie sandwich), or tampopo (salmon don with brown rice).  

i am trying to branch out more, so i made a promise to myself to explore the reading terminal market on those days that i don't bring my lunch.

today, based on the yelp reviews, i tried little thai market.  also based on reviews, i went with the salmon.

i was very pleased.  the portion-size of the salmon is pretty huge.  you can make two meals out of it (indeed, i plan on putting the remaining salmon on a salad tomorrow).  in addition to the huge portion, the salmon was moist and tender.  don't you just hate dry salmon?

i neglected to ask for extra curry sauce (i was forewarned!).  the extra curry sauce is a must.  without it, my meal had very little actual curry flavor (the slightest hit of coconut milk, chile paste, lime).  it was more like i was just eating salmon and rice, which was okay by me.  but the bites i had with the curry were better than without.  (instead of charging an extra $0.50 for extra curry sauce that clearly is required, why not just include more sauce and build the addition into the price?)

this is a great spot for filling, cheap meal.  is it the best thai i've ever had?  no, but not everything has to be spectacular all of the time.  i had a wholly satisfying meal at LTM and i will be back -- for the salmon.  nothing else looked that interesting to me except the chicken coconut soup.
The Little Thai Market is a great place in Reading Terminal to grab lunch or pick up an easy take-home dinner.  Most of their dishes fall into the "cheap and adequate" category, as they are obviously prepared in bulk and kept in warming trays for quick service.  For the prices and the quantity, I am okay with this.  Their salmon red curry really stands out as excellent - the fish is char-grilled pretty much as it is being ordered and is served with rice and a little side of broccoli topped with tasty red curry sauce.  This might be the best meal you can get in the city for $6.00 ($6.50 if you want extra sauce).
This is one of my favorite places to grab lunch when I have the extra time. 

The phad thai is always good, as in the red curry, and the tom kha gai (coconut milk soup). And even though every time I go there I tell myself that I'll try the salmon you see everyone ordering during the huge lunch rush - I still have yet to do so.

The only two down falls of this place are the big line during lunch time, and that it's cash only.
It was the second time I wandered around the Reading Terminal Market. First time I tried the Mediterranean food there and the next time I went for Thai Food. I heard good things about the Little Thai Market, and upon arriving there I realized it might have been true, since there was a line there. 

Usually I am not disappointed by the food when I have to wait in line, and sometimes I do feel it's kind of weird to wait, sometimes for a long time, to get good food but on that day it was passed the lunch hour so the wait was not long and the people working there seemed well prepared and took my order super fast and got it ready even faster.

I had Pad Thai with vegetables and a canned Thai Iced tea (Was pretty good actually). The pad Thai was very well seasoned, fresh and flavorful. 
A lot of people were taking Salmon in the line, (Businessmen looking people) I guess it's one of their top sellers. It did look pretty good and fresh.
The steamed broccoli was just cooked right, crispy (perfect to me), the soy sprouts were very fresh and crispy as well.

The perfect lunch on a busy day....And very affordable! That's a 5 stars for me!
Love! Love! Love! this place... I walk here at least 3 times a week during lunch for the salmon (I work on spring garden). It's reasonably priced and gets crowded quick. I love the little containers the food comes in and Its just the right portion to fill you up. I've become addicted!
4 stars because it is all premade in vats but that also makes it quick. Not the caliber of bangkok street food but authentic and filling.  I had the red chicken curry which was moderately spicy, well flavored, and filling.  It came over a bed of rice for a reasonable price.

Of note, a lot of people seemed to be ordering duck, salmon which were not premade but took 15 min or so, which was time I didnt have.


No credit cards FYI
Review for the Salmon Curry.... Hands down a must try. The Salmon is cooked perfectly and you get a nice amount for $8. I usually get both sauces or extra curry sauce. Also, be prepared to stand in a line. There's usually always a line but it moves pretty quick.

They do accept cards.
Little Thai Market was... alright. I can't really say anything great about the place, but I can't really place my finger on anything bad either. 

After scoping out some places I wanted to try in Philadelphia for a work trip, Little Thai Market popped up. The reviews were raving about the salmon curry, which piqued my interest as I normally don't venture into seafood based curries. Upon arriving at the Reading Market, there was a long line in front that I was willing to stand in. They give you two options for your base on the curry dish, either rice with a garnish of broccoli, or all broccoli. I decided to go with the standard of all rice so I could let all the flavors come through the dish.

A very haggard employee took my order as he was helping to heat the salmon, grill the salmon, and fill the plates with orders. He came off as slightly rude, but I didn't hold this against him as he was managing to keep the line moving while fulfilling orders. A different employee was solely managing the cash register, which is cash only as many other reviewers have mentioned.

I quickly got my food in spite of how long the line seemed, and I thought it was just mediocre. Sure, you get a large filet of salmon, but it lacked basic seasonings and flavor. I was happy that it didn't have the cheap "fishy" taste to it, but that's about where my enthusiasm ended with the dish. The curry sauce was thin and lacking in heat.

I'm sure there are much better Thai choices in the city, but if I'm ever back in the area I'm definitely branching out.
Horrible experience.  I've liked just about everything I've ever eaten at Reading Terminal Market, but not this!  I ordered chicken pad thai - normal enough, right?  Wrong.  It took about 5 minutes to get the food and it was an ugly mess.  The chicken did not look grilled like the pictures.  The noodles tasted old and bad - like I would get sick if I continued to eat them.  There was surprise tofu in my bowl - and a lot of it!  And the chicken spring roll tasted like it had been sitting for a long time.  I would never go back here nor would I recommend it to a friend.  Nasty.
Little Thai Market is the jewel of reading terminal. Fast cheap and so full of flavor. The salmon is my go to dish but the curry chicken is a close second my friends.  My advice to you is to check it out soon and always get extra curry sauce. khraawng mitr!
The chicken basil is fantastic and inexpensive to boot. Which leaves me with enough cash to get an order of pad Thai to go.  Love it!  It might not be gourmet Thai orchid food but it is still delicious.
The salmon curry is so worth the long wait. I say I'll try something else,and I never do. The price ($6.50) is a bargain (a lot of food). The sauce (mild flavor) is more like a broth,so ask for extra. I tried the coconut chicken soup and it was good. Pay attention when you're eating it though...some seriously hard ingredients floating around that will break a tooth or two. Also, don't be a lazy piggy (like me),and order another salmon curry for the next day. Doesn't taste the same. At. All.
I'm a Pad Thai junkie. The problem is that, in my neighborhood at least, most Thai is in huge portions that I don't want to pay quite so much for.

But whenever I'm in Center City, Little Thai Market is the place to go. The prices are great, the food is excellent. And the portions are just right for lunch - by which I mean I can devour about half of it, reseal the plastic container, and take the other half home for a perfect midnight snack. I'd be happy spending so little for just one meal of great food - getting enough to feed me twice is just an added perk!
The quality is service is good just get their before the lunch crowd comes or you will find yourself in line for 20 min or more lol....love the salmon and rice !!!!!
I love this thai food..reasonable price and delish! They always busy..I luv their spring roll..sweet
The service has stepped up their game both with the food and customer service. The only reason they don't get five stars is because of the long lines.
Located in the Reading Terminal Market.

Go here for the salmon in red curry as everyone else has said. That's the main thing I recommend and it is quite good. Prices are also very reasonable. Menu options are a bit limited, but the best Thai restaurant in the area (admittedly, there aren't many others right near there).
Mouth watering tender flavor grilled char tasting salmon and the yummy curry sauce with the red sauce on the side bigot recommend only 13.50$
Fast Service and Cheap, but I've had way way better Thai food. Classic case of quantity over quality. The food is okay. You get TONS of rice. I got the Chicken Red Curry which was bland. Sauces are as thin as water and there is no spicy kick.  Cash only!
I can literally eat this everyday. The curry salmon is amazing. They do have a shrimp option but they are not seasoned so I don't think they are worth it. The line is typically wrapped around the location but they move quick especially during lunch, they are mindful of the patrons' time. You can even buy the canned curry and coconut milk if you want to make at home; I recommend not to use all the paste at one time if you prefer a mild curry.
Finally got my hands on the famous salmon curry and I can't believe it took me so long to try it. Absolutely delicious! The curry was very mild and a bit sweet. Complimented the salmon so well! Need to remember to add shrimp to my platter next time! Wanted to order an app and was stuck between the chicken spring rolls and satay chicken. The employee suggested the spring rolls and I am so glad he did because they were so tasty! Can't wait to come back
I found this little gem in the reading terminal market. The prices are reasonable. I ordered a steamed crab dumplings and Shrimp lemon grass soup. Both were amazing! Very flavorful. Most of the food were already made, but the dumplings are streamed when you order at the window. I wish they have more non meat options. I'd definitely come back when I back in Philly!
I feel like this place is highly overrated and is given high marks by those who do not frequent Reading Terminal Market or even Philadelphia. During lunchtime, as expected with many stalls in the market, lines can be very long and this one is definitely not an exception. I recommend avoid going between 12 and 1:30. You better be ready when you hear "next....next...next" to place your order. Clearly, it's very robotic service.

The salmon, I'll admit is quite good. You get a large piece of fish that's on the thin side with 2-3 pieces of broccoli. A big problem I have with this place is the microwave! The salmon is microwaved shortly before it is served to you. The curry sauce is very good and definitely not bland. I've had the chicken with basil and wasn't that impressed. Same goes for the spring rolls, but the dipping sauce is very good.
Excellent first off let me say if your in a rush and your here during lunch hours the line is super long and people will wait for their foods, every time I come here I order tge salmon and rice With extra sauce and broccoli. I brought my mom who was visiting from nyc and she cant get enough of the salmon and rice, when you dont know what to eat in. THIS PLACE WILL NEVER FAIL YOU.
I used to come to reading terminal specific for this restaurant and was glad to see it's still there with the same amazing taste! Very simple and very good. So much food for your money.
I love all the choices at Reading Terminal Market when I am shopping for my produce, etc. Not too long along ago, I was doing just that on a Saturday afternoon , and stopped to get dinner to take home. I always like what I get from Little Thai Market - that day I got the Shrimp Pad Thai. You can't beat the price!  Also, the portion size is good.  I was contented, as I always am. They have a good selection for Vegetarians, as well.

I like to come here during the work week, if you can find a table in Reading Terminal Market.

This restaurant takes CASH only
I have been going to this place for YEARS, literally over a decade by this point and this is my first time writing about it. Since moving out of Philly, try to hit this spot whenever I'm back in town.

I have always got the Salmon over Rice and broccoli with a mix of the white and curry sauce. I have never even bothered to ask what's in the white sauce and I honestly don't care, this meal has always been amazing! The salmon is well cooked, and seasoned. The rice is made as perfectly as rice can be made but the key is the white and curry sauce. Again I have no idea what's in the white sauce but I'm telling you it's worth a try. And only $8/9.
