My BYO girls and I arrived at Little Fish on time for our reservation, but we ended up having to loiter outside for close to half an hour with a few other groups while patiently waiting for the limited number of tables to turn over. Once we were seated, the wine was opened and put on ice and our lovely experience commenced. We started with mussels, scallops and oysters. I tried the mussels, which were served in a light broth. For me, these were just okay. The scallops, on the other hand, were perfect. Two huge seared scallops sat atop a delightful pesto oil, alongside a smattering of mushrooms and some shaved truffle. I don't even like mushrooms and yet I found myself eating everything together with relish. Get the scallops. 

For our entrees, one friend chose salmon, another ordered halibut and I went with striped bass. I hate to say it, but I was underwhelmed by my dish. The fish itself was perfectly portioned and prepared well, but the flavors of the broth and accompanying rock shrimp and artichoke hearts were nonexistent. Luckily, my friend didn't seem to mind that I repeatedly helped myself to her halibut, which was fantastic. Resting in the most delicious broth ever, I believe the fish was accompanied by fingerling potatoes, spinach and frizzled onions. The reason I'm not completely positive on the details is because I was lifting my fork to my mouth at warp-speed and the ingredients were kind of a colorful blur. 

There were three dessert offerings, and since there were three of us it only seemed natural that we try them all. The crème brulee was spot-on, a peach tart was crumbly and delicious and the chocolate torte was very rich and decadent. 

For me, Little Fish had a ton of hype to live up to in my mind. Perhaps that's why I felt a little let down by some of the things I tried. In the same respect, the plates I enjoyed were worth every bit of praise that Little Fish has been receiving. It's a must-try on the BYO circuit!
tl;dr a small, picturesque corner shop, offering a pescatarian-centric menu and one of the best-value tasting menus in the city

All too often, tasting menus feel pretentious and exorbitantly expensive. So I was more than a little surprised to find that Little Fish offers a five-course tasting for $48 -- almost half the price of a number of other Philly restaurants.

The space is minimalistic. White hexagonal tile lines the floors, while the walls and ceilings are painted black above whitewashed shiplap wainscotting. The wooden tables are set unpretentiously with a candle, and the room is abuzz with the chatter of guests as opposed to music. The small space has only a handful of tables, each with a comfortable distance. On the back wall lie tastefully framed portraits of select fish.

My partner and I visited Little Fish for their Sunday tasting menu last weekend. We arrived early enough to snag the table closest to the window, featuring a counter decorated with plants and cookbooks. Service was friendly, albeit bordering on quiet due to the echoes throughout the small space. The entire meal felt very personal, as all tables were served the same course at once. Each dish was a surprise, and one of the two servers would give us a rundown of our plate as it was served.

Our first course was hamachi sashimi, served atop a charred shishito pepper and a slaw of corn and green zebra tomatoes. Right off the bat, I was surprised by the subtly of flavors -- intentionally muted flavors of veggies were selected to accentuate the fish. Yet, the pepper still offered a hint of spice, the corn a pinch of sweet, and the tomato a drop of acidity. Our next course felt similar, a bluefin tuna tataki, plated with over roasted golden beets and blistered cherry tomatoes and topped with a garlic-mustard vinaigrette. This dish played more with temperatures and sauces to offer an assortment of flavor and texture combinations within the single plate. Up next was a Spanish mackerel confit, served alongside baba ganoush and sweet peppers, then sprinkled with furikake spice, Aleppo pepper, microgreens. In contrast to the former dishes, this course used the fish as a vessel to convey other stronger savory flavors. The baba ganoush was packed with Middle Eastern spices and the sweet peppers provided a crunchy zing. My only criticism is that the microgreens felt pretentiously superfluous on the plate. Our main course was a broiled Scottish salmon, plated atop a white bean sous vide and topped with tomatillos, crispy fried kale, and fresh sorrel. This dish masterfully channels seemingly mismatched ingredients into the comfort of a homemade meal. The sous vide achieved, the consistency and buttery richness of the best mashed potatoes, the salmon skin and kale offered a friendly crispy, and the tomatillo has a surprising tang. Our meal was rounded out by dessert: a Belgian waffles topped with maple-dark chocolate ice cream and crushed peanuts. Despite the simplicity, I thought the dish found a nice balance between rich and sweet. It's a shame the ice cream was already melty as my plate was served, but the warm waffle held up well.

After tax and tip, our meal worked out to $60 per person. On the surface, Little Fish incorporates a number of archetypal elements into its restaurant design. BYOB? Check. Open-kitchen concept? Check. Seasonal tasting menu? Check. But I believe that Little Fish excels in arguably the most important (and difficult) regard: the food was stellar. I am eager to give this place another go when the winter tasting menu is rolled out.
Cheers to Little Fish for offering a few unique options for take out that are vastly different from a lot of other restaurants. Obviously, we're a bit limited at the moment, so trying something new and exciting was a treat. My husband and I splurged and ordered two of the hamachi rice bowls - I managed to get the last two of the day! The guy who took my order over the phone was very nice. Once I arrived to the restaurant, I called and the bag was brought out right away. 

The bowls were put together nicely and everything was fresh. I think next time I might opt for one of the bento boxes for more variety. 

It had been ages since my last visit to Little Fish and I look forward to going back for a full meal when possible.
Great seafood-centric restaurant that's BYOB! They have a small menu that's seasonal 

All of our dishes were very flavorful and the fish were cooked well! To be honest between the 4 of us we practically ordered the entire menu to share, so I can't remember all of the dishes, but GREAT FOR SHARING!

NOTE: its located in a cute neighborhood, so definitely a date spot!
From the service to the ambiance to the food, the entire experience was immaculate.  I like very much the fact that the kitchen is in the dining room: it's fine dining and you can watch your food being prepared.  The scallops were carmelized to ecstasy and cooked to perfection.  The server was lovely.  The finishing of the wine with creme brulee at an outdoor table was exquisite.  I can't wait to go again.
Little Fish is one of my most favorite BYOBs in the city, one of my favorite restaurants anywhere. Their menu changes frequently according to what's freshest, so lucky for your eyeballs, I won't rattle off the every precise detail of every bite we took. I'll keep it short, I'll leave out the intensely dramatic parts where I grab you by the collar and scream right into your face, "Do you understand how perfect it all was?!" I then drop your shirt that's clenched in my fist with disgust, "Eughhh... What will it take to get through to you?!" I'm still gonna have to repeat the word, "Perfect," profusely.

My birthday dinner, a late reservation in this tiny, almost-sitting-in-the-kitchen restaurant, was really pretty perfect. Perfect from the oysters to the octopus, to the skate and the scallops... The beautifully caramelized scallops entree had foie grated all over it so that the shreds melted slightly, so that some became one with the sizzling scallops, fingerling potatoes, and fat juicy porcinis. It became this amazing, absolutely delicious silky silky sauce. Yup, I'd order those scallops again. 

Definitely order the octopus again too. It was some of the best I've ever had from anywhere, and I'll freely admit, I'm one octopus lovin fool. Ours was served char-grilled and tender and so so flavorful. This time the octopus was plated with the uncommon combination of ripe juicy cantaloupe, bursts of salty shriveled oil-cured black olives, thin slices of spicy Summer pickles, and baby basil. This salad was so well thought out, balanced, fresh, and bursting with flavor. And perfect, I should mention.

The ceviche was perfect too! You see what I'm saying? Every dish was so perfectly prepared. So if you're keeping track somehow here, based on our visits to Little Fish I'd order the briny raw oysters, snapper ceviche, octopus, scallops, skate... I didn't even bring up how buttery delicious was that skate... It was.

I'd easily return to Little Fish and have confidence in ordering any given preparation on any given day. I'd order anything under the sea.

Earlier I assured you that I wasn't going to go on and on here about every delicious ingredient, and I did anyway because I'm unscrupulous that way. And self-indulgent. Self indulgent much in the way that we both ordered our own desserts instead of splitting, as we do. But it was big girl's birthday... Brown butter cake with dark red cherry sauce and whipped cream for this one. My husband loved the peach tart, "A man's dessert," he proclaimed it.
So, in summary: Order anything under the sea... and dessert.
I absolutely like this cozy little street corner, Bella Vista, superb fish specialist, BYOB.  

You start with a menu written and printed on note paper, with limited items to choose, and you will still have a tough time to decide what you want.  That is when your server can jump in and help you out, (when you can find her).  There is seating for 28, I made reservations two weeks in advance and I anticipated and received excellent prepared fish with superb presentation, freshness and texture.  The tiny space was complete with an open kitchen, diverse clientele and nice wine glasses with no corkage fee which the suburban BYOB's have been throwing at you lately.

For apps we had the Octopus,  so tender, texture perfect, presentation delightful; and the Big Eye Tuna, seared exterior, rare interior served with eggplant, watermelon slices, what a wonderful balance of flavors.

Entrees we devoured were the striped bass and the monk fish.  Both fantastic in taste, preparation and accompaniments.  Textures and flavors throughout each dish complimenting and supporting each other.

Places like this need a separate category.  This wonderful find is in the order of Pumpkin and Matyson, two other wonderful BYOB's which make regular restaurant goers want to be and strive to be "foodies".
Little Fish has been on the short list for quite some time.  And what better time to break our cherry than the BF's birthday.  

Little Fish is definitely....little!  Upon entering the restaurant, you feel like you stepped into the living room of someone's South Philly row home.  The spot is so small, it only holds 8 tables - all 2 and 4 tops.  I would suggest coming with a party no larger than four.

As has been said by many others, the food was phenomenal - fresh and light, simple preparations loaded with flavor.  The menu changes every day depending on what they get in.  

We started with a dungeness crab appetizer which came in a very light vinegarette with sliced chilis.  The BF also had some oysters which he seemed to thoroughly enjoy.  For dinner I had the skate wing with orchiette pasta and swiss chard in a brown butter sauce.  The BF had Alaskan black cod, which is one of my favorite sea creatures.  

Dessert however, was not so great.  It was certainly a let down from the excellent dinner.  We shared a brown butter cake with whipped cream, slivers of granny apples and a caramel sauce.  Sounds great, right?  Not so much.  It was definitely lacking the wow factor.  My only other complaint is even though I requested it twice, they did not give the BF a candle in the dessert.  

But if you love seafood, this is definitely a must-try.
I came a couple of years ago and had a good meal, but I hadn't made it a point to get back. However lately, I had been hearing a lot of people buzzing about Little Fish again and I thought it would be worth a second trip. And MAN am I glad I went back!

A friend and I went out for Sunday 5 Course Tasting meal which was a great choice and came highly recommended.  The first and second course (Halibut with Truffled Mushrooms and a Pea Sauce & a Smoked Salmon with Cucumber dish) were good and above average respectively.   Given that my friend has a soft spot both roasted beets and goat cheese, the 3rd course salad of said items was also well received at our table as well, although not groundbreaking.  

But nothing, and I mean NOTHING, compared with the "entree" course of Escolar with Creamed Corn and Zucchini. One word: Sublime. The fish was perfectly prepared and the accompaniments paired amazingly.  People often talk about the best dish they have ever consumed...this is near the top of my list.  Phenomenal.

The dessert was the chocolate torte that others have yelped about as well.  Tasty and would have paired beautifully with a glass of red wine, but we hadn't planned that well (note to self for next week!)
Little Fish is by far my favorite BYOB seafood restaurant in Philadelphia. It's a tiny boutique place (about 10 tables) with a bright open kitchen, where you can see how chefs/kitchen staff prepare your meal. I just had my New Year Eve dinner here last night (12/31/2016) and it was absolutely impressive. This is my second time dining here in two years, so my review can reflect their consistency to certain degree.

Last night, I started my meal with two oysters, one from east coast and the other from west cost. The oysters were considerably fresh and topped with garlic sauce and cucumber sauce, respectively. Of course, they are not as good as the oysters from cities near the sea, but pretty decent in Philly.

My dining partner and I shared the octopus dish as our appetizer, the same dish we ordered when we dined here last year. Last time, I had a piece of octopus that was extremely salty (only that piece, but disappointed). This time, the octopus was evenly seasoned and well cooked. They also offered us a complimentary small-plate appetizer.

For the second(main) course, I had turbot with mushrooms and white beans, accompanied by a special delicious ground pork sauce. My partner had tuna with root vegetables, which was perfectly cooked to medium. Their main dishes come with generous portion (in comparison with many boutique/high-end restaurants) and beautifully presented colorful greens, which we enjoyed both times when we are here.

Overall comments:
Absolutely remarkable seafood, a must-try in Philly! Will come back for their tasting menu!

It's a tiny place, it gets loud when fully seated. Also, there's only one waiter/waitress at service, with another person occasionally showed up for help, so please think from his/her side and adjust your expectation for service. Don't expect to be asked useless questions 10 times during a meal, if you feel neglected, ask for the things you want, the waiter/waitress will help you.

Tips:
Make reservations! Bring your own bottle!
I'm really conflicted here, 3 or 4 stars. Although I really enjoyed the food, I'm sticking with 3 stars because I ask myself "will I come back soon?" and the answer is no. Not because I had a bad experience, I really did like it here, but I feel there are so many other restaurants with top chefs at these prices, I'd want to try somewhere else before I come back to little fish.

4 of us came for Sunday's 8pm tasting menu. I heard this is the best time to go. It was very good, yes, but I would have loved more fish dishes. Of the 5 courses, only 2 involved fish. I came here for seafood, not pumpkin soup. None the less, everything we ate was very delicious. Bravo chef. I just wouldn't normally order those items if I had my own choice. 

I was disappointed to see other menu items on the chalkboard, but when I asked if I can order the octopus and pay extra, the waitress said no. I understand the point of a tasting menu, but I should be able to order extra. I wasn't asking for a substitute, I was asking to pay extra! No dice. 

Service was quick and on top of perfectly spacing out all 5 courses so they were timed very well and not overlapping other dishes. Presentation was an art form, absolutely beautiful dishes. However the portions were small and I left wanting more. 

BYO was great. But I still thought our bill was expensive.. 4 people cost us over $200. Not sure how the bill was that large when I thought the tasting menu was supposed to be cheaper. Oh well.
One of my favorite BYOBs of all time... I miss this place! A tiny tiny little restaurant squeezed into a corner rowhouse, where you sit between 1-10 feet max from the open kitchen. Where the menu is scrawled on some brown paper posted on the wall with a changing cast of fish. Where the seafood has always been perfectly cooked and seasoned. Where the service has always been friendly and attentive. Where the desserts are not an afterthought, but simple and delicious.

Make sure to make a reservation, it's hard to sneak in without one.
If I were a fish id swim as fast as I could past little fish for fear of being turned into an amazing dish. My bestie turned 26 Saturday and we decided on Little Fish to celebrate for the Sunday tasting menu. I know that the menus changes weekly on the chefs whim but I took detailed notes and photos for the viewing pleasure of the readers of this review.
Our meal featured a dozen mmmmm's and ohhhhhs and yeahhhhh's starting with the 1st course. The warm bread and herbed oil is the perfect way to start this meal and we enjoyed multiple slices.

Frisee salad: with bacon and egg. Doesn't sound like much but was pretty flavorful and minus the bacon for me. The hard boiled eggs were a little soft which is just how I liked them and im not 100% sure of the contents of the vinaigrette.

Scallops with chilies pineapple salsa and tomatillo salsa. Absolutely delicious! The scallop had a crisp sear on the outside and was plump and juicy on the inside cooked to PERFECTION. The curst of the scallop had a little heat from the chilies but the pineapple salsa added a sweet cooling factor. All of the elements of this dish worked well together.

"Ramen" with Fish balls and mushrooms: The noodles like nothing I ate in college were thin and satisfying the broth was a little salty to my liking. The fish balls were a mix of octopus and fish im not really sure what type. 

Halibut with curry sauce and root veggies. DAMN! The highlight of the meal for me. Halibut is one fish that is hard to prepare well however whoever cooked our table's fish knew what they were doing. The curry sauce had just enough bite and the roasted carrots and fingerling potatoes made the dish very filling. 

The sweet ending to this delish meal was the brown butter cake with apples. Better Than SEX! The cake was moist and the brown butter flavor lingered on my tongue for an eternity! The dollop of fresh whipped cream was just the icing on the cake (literally) .

The service was pretty good for the most part just a few times peoples' plates were cleared before everyone was done and that's a little pet peeve of mine. Other than that both servers were very friendly and helpful. We brought a total of 3 bottles of wine including champagne to toast at the meal. I couldn't have asked for a better place to bring my gal pal to celebrate im already planning a come back.

 side note it is small but intimate id suggest no more than 4 people come here. Perfect place to bring a special person  the ambiance has a romantic feel, low lights and candles oh and all those bottles you bring.
This review is not about food, or the place overall. It is about a single, really crappy, experience of crappy service. And while I don't believe this one experience is reflective of the place, I feel it is important for establishments like this to pay attention to details and people they hire.

When my mom comes to town, we usually pick a night, a bottle of white and head over to The Little Fish. We have done it for over four years now and have always been satisfied. As usual, when my mom was coming over I made a reservation a few weeks in advance and we were excited to head over and have a good meal.

Upon arrival we got sited right away, and then got asked to move to the table next to the outside window (got asked for a good cause).

Well, right underneath the window was a vent and cold air was blasting to our feet. I brought it to our waitresses's attention, and she said that there was nothing she could do, and it is simply a draft from the open entrance door. I pointed out that the door is closed and a cold air is clearly blowing pretty hard. All she had to say is - we put a space heater up on the window. That did not negate the fact of cold air blowing to our feet. Mind you my mom is in her 60's and it was far from ideal to have her sit in the cold air. When I asked to be relocated, our waitress said that everything is taken, and she can't sit us anywhere (two tables around us were paying and getting ready to get up) and we will have to wait. She did not seem to be interested in accommodating us at all. We found it the easiest to get up and leave.

As soon as I stepped outside I saw that the outside basement entrance was wide open and the vent we were sitting next to was simply blowing outside (20 F) air to our feet.

Conclusion: don't lie to your clients. You clearly knew where the air was coming from and it clearly had a simple solution of covering the basement vent so outside air does not get to the restaurant. 

Owners, Pay attention to people you hire - they are the face of your establishment.
Maybe it was because I went on an off day, or maybe it was because I still had the highly satisfying meal at Blackfish in my head, but I was not super impressed with our dining experience here. Please reference Megan T.'s review for our list of grievances and for a giant "Yeah, what she said!" 

I think it's great that it's a BYOB, the server was really helpful, and the ingredients were clearly very fresh, BUT this does not excuse burnt octopus, unevenly salted appetizers, crazy long waiting times, or "meh" flavor combinations. Don't get me wrong, the food overall is decent (especially in a city where seafood tends to be neglected), but when you're paying these kinds of prices and are previously hearing these kinds of rave reviews, I want to be truly wowed. Like Spice Girls reunion wowed.

Perhaps it is worth a trip back for the Sunday prix fixe, but I'm not exactly in a hurry.
Recently came here for my husband's birthday on a Sunday night for the tasting menu. We always try to go somewhere new for special occasions and I had heard great things about this small quaint seafood restaurant. We decided to come on a Sunday so we could experience more dishes for a great price. 

On Sundays, they have two options: 5:30 or 8:00 seating. We were the first to arrive a few minutes before 8:00 and they told us we could sit anywhere we wanted besides the window seat (apparently this was reserved). The restaurant was very simple and clean. I liked that there was an open kitchen, so you could watch some of the food being prepared. After all the tables were full, the server came around and opened everyone's wine and the meal began. It did feel a little regimented, just because everyone in the whole restaurant was on the exact same time line and got the exact same meal. They didn't ask about allergies or offer substitutions, so you have to be very open and flexible to all foods, since you don't know what you will be getting ahead of time. There was only one server in the restaurant and she did a great job of making sure all of the customers were content.

All the food was delicious. I don't remember the exact details of the dishes, but there was nothing we didn't like. The first course was a raw scallop and was light and delicate. The second course was a veggie dish with roasted turnips (delicious), other vegetables, and polenta. I was a little disappointed that there wasn't a form of seafood in every dish, but I got over it because it was really flavorful. After this dish, they served everyone a piece of bread with a pesto sauce that was delicious. The third dish encompassed grilled octopus and while it was tasty, the texture wasn't to my liking- it was a bit gritty. The fourth dish was a type of salmon with a light sauce. The salmon was very tender and almost melted in your mouth, but could have used a sear on the outside for some texture. The last course was dessert and was ice cream with a granola crumble with hazelnuts. It was a great ending to the meal. 

The courses are on the smaller side, but by the end of the meal, we were full and satisfied. The price of 38 dollars each is an amazing deal for the quality of food. We will definitely be back, but next time would probably opt to come on another night so we can order what we want off the menu.
From the minute my boyfriend and I walked into Little Fish, we felt unwelcome. It was 7 pm on a Saturday, not overly crowded (despite the space being incredibly small), and the hostess/waitress tried to tell me I didn't have a reservation even though I had confirmed my reservation via phone and email a few days prior. Begrudgingly she sat us at a table by the window, and it just got worse from there. 

I did my research beforehand- I knew this place wasn't going to be cheap by any means. But I had no true way of knowing given their minimalist website. I was shocked to see the main courses were upwards of $40. After the waitress spent about 15 minutes giving us a rundown of literally every single item on the menu (and exactly how it was prepared!), we decided to get oysters to start, followed by grilled octopus and the crab pasta (both appetizers). Walking out with a $65 bill, you would think we'd be blown away by our "dinners," but honestly the crab pasta was oily with bland and my boyfriend's octopus was over-charred.

Unless you're willing to foot $200+ for the bill and enjoy a cramped, pretentious environment, don't bother.
i can't believe i haven't tried this place before - it is awesome.  it's a perfect summery place when you're craving light summer fare - seafood's perfect for this, but it is SO HARD to find perfect seafood in philadelphia (why?).  little fish, a little place with a little menu, is pretty much all i need to satisfy my summery seafood cravings.  we had scallops and king crab to start, all simply prepared with sea salt.  next we moved on to a mahi mahi and a grouper.  i think the mahi mahi was the one worth writing home about, but i can't remember for sure.  very lightly seasoned, perfect amount of sea salt, no overpowering sauces and just cooked perfectly.  i would just about eat here every night if i could afford it!  BYO, cash only, very tiny with just the head chef working the open kitchen.  best suited for 2 diners i would think.
i've now been to little fish three times for their sunday prix fixe dinner.
the food is solid and the service is always good, and the space is downright miniature, which is something i like.

i like the crusty bread and chimichurri which they start you off with.
its definitely one of the better values in a city full of good fine dining values.
the courses are small and i usually feel like i had just the right amount of food after five courses. there will usually be a salad and soup course, a seafood appetizer which might be a seafood risotto, a sashimi presented on a salt brick and then a fish main course finishing with a homemade dessert. i'll be back and i'll try not to be late because they start the seatings at 6pm and 8pm sharp! reserve in advance because they book up!
There were 8-9 of us crammed in the corner of little fish on a Monday night to celebrate a friend's birthday. This place is tiny so I wouldn't recommend a big party (6 or more) to dine here. Even with the cramming situation, we still had an amazing time. 

The ambiance and atmosphere is perfect for a romantic date night for couples. The place is kept very neat and simple. The daily menu is posted on the wall made of black board. It's like a restaurant popped out of ikea catalogue.

The menu is really interesting. Of course, all the dishes have ingredients from the sea. Between the 8 of us, we had just about everything from the menu. Fresh oysters, Hamachi ceviche, smoked trout salad, swordfish, tuna, lobster miso soup... I think all the dishes were executed beautifully and exceptionally delicious. All tasted really fresh and simply appetizing at the first look. The chimichuri served with bread is the best I have ever had. 

The cherry on top is that it's a byo so if you wanna cut down on the $$ spent on drinking with your meal..this place is it!
We killed two magnum champagne bottles in addition to two other bottles of wine as well. Yay, byob!

I would definitely return. Not with a large crowd anymore but maybe with a sexy man who makes my heart flutter!
It is with a heavy heart that I write this review. I live close to this restaurant and always see that it's busy. I had heard great things about it and read some pretty awesome reviews but never had the chance to come in. My mate and I came here on a Saturday night at 5:30 to an empty restaurant (I assume they open at 5:30). We were greeted and promptly seated at the table of our choice, so we took the 2 top by the window of course. It was a small restaurant and it was snowing that day, so I was grateful that they had mini heaters on as the open door kept letting in gusts of cold air. 

We had brought our own bottle of wine, as it's BYOB, and our server happily chilled it for us. We started off with cups of coffee which took about 10 minutes to come to the table (that's fine, it probably wasn't brewed yet). Our server explained everything on the menu to us and gave us time to think. 

We ordered 6 oysters, the lobster dish, and the scallops. It was all downhill from there...

1. The oysters came with some kind of shallot sauce on top that WILDLY overpowered the flavor of the oysters. I mean you couldn't even taste them, which is crazy because they were very flavorful oysters. My mate and I agreed that the sauce completely ruined the dish. We sent them back and asked for our 4 remaining oysters to be sauce-free. 

2. The scallops were so poorly cooked I question whether or not the chef has ever even tried a scallop! It was only seared on one side which made for a very raw and chewy scallop. They felt very undercooked. I have had better scallops at chain restaurants...

3. The lobster was just okay. For the price, the portion was extremely small. Very unremarkable. 

We didn't get anything else 1) because the food we had ordered so far was NOT good and 2) the options just didn't seem appetizing. Honestly, I would have left after looking at the menu, as none of the options seemed all that great, but we decided to give it a try based on the reviews. 

Overall, the service was all right - a bit slow at times, but our server let us stay to finish our bottle of wine, which was nice. We never really felt rushed. The chimichurri (sp?) sauce that comes with the bread was the best part of the meal, to be honest. However, they only come around and hand you one slice of bread and put it on your plate. 

I won't be back. Only come here if you want to spend way too much money on small, mediocre food.
this was the FIRST restaurant I've set my foot to once I've arrived in Philly.

(yes, I was on a DATE)

so with that said,
WHAT A CUTEEEE LITTLE "DATE" RESTAURANT!

I mean, it has such a romantic yet HOMEY yet friendly yet warm feeling to it.

The restaurant is pretty small, you can see the chef getting busy to prepared you some tasty dish. 

-5 course little dishes-

I'd come and visit again if I come to Philly. 
Thanks for the memorable experience. :)
Little Fish...Little Fish...come follow me home.

Paula Deen makes butter taste like butter. People think she's a cooking phenomenon.

The folks at Little Fish make fish taste like butter and have the texture of slightly melty butter. Now that's a phenomenon. 

There's nothing else that can be or needs to be said.
Absolutely Wonderful

I came here for their Sunday night prix-fixe tasting menu.  $28 for 5 courses.  I was totally blown away.  Everything we had was absolutely delicious and I consider it to be a fantastic bargain.  I cannot wait to come back here.  I think Sundays could become a mainstay for me once I move to Philly.  

I'm not sure why Zagat rates this place so poorly on the decor and service.  While there is not much pizazz,  it's charming, very small and a wonderful dining experience

*Definitely get reservations early.  On Sundays they have two seatings: 6PM and 8PM.
My sister gave me a very generous $100 gift cert to Little Fish for Christmas. This place is a BYOB, so this gave us plenty of money to spend on dinner for two.

We needed it; this place is pricy, but man, do they earn it. All the seafood is fresh, with handwritten menus reflecting the daily catch. And goddammit, this was one of the best seafood meals I've ever had. From east and west coast oysters on the half shell, to scallops cooked perfectly and brimming with flavor, to a striped bass and lamb entree with a rich mix of fresh veggies - I made sure to savor every bite of this meal. We used up the gift cert and then some, but on the whole, we made out like bandits. All the servers were super friendly, and ours gave us good tips on what's what, and what's not to miss.

One word of advice: If you don't like your fish cooked rare, you should probably tell your server. Our dishes were very rare, and for good reason - they want to show off how amazingly fresh their food is. I loved every bite. But if you have any qualms, ask for your fish cooked medium and I'm sure they'll oblige.
Eat here. Probably the best meal I've had in about a year. The food here is amazing from start to finish. The service was top notch. The ambiance is perfect. We came in here with two bottles of wine (both under $10 bucks) and did not feel judged at all. We wanted to order everything on the menu but restrained ourselves to: raw oysters, kampachi, the tilefish, the amberjack, banana split, and strawberry tort. All of the above were incredible. The quality of food and service was well worth the price (total bill actually wasn't as bad as we had expected). By far one of the best places in the City to grab a good meal.
Thirteen years after I first darkened their doorstep, Little Fish hasn't lost any of its mojo.  The ratio of creativity and culinary artistry to cooking space must be the highest on the planet (or perhaps outside Tokyo).  In this tiny space (maybe ten tables, and a 5 x 10 open kitchen) the chef turns out expertly prepared seafood adorned with the freshest local ingredients, in presentations that rival Bar Lyonnais (where I dined the night before) for aesthetic appeal.  

Our meal consisted of a starter of scallops on an unbelievably fresh, lovely pea puree that we practically licked off the plate, followed by the miso black cod and halibut with morels and aspargus on homemade gnocchi (hats off to the gnocchi maker, lightest I've had in recent memory).  All the dishes were delectable, and the service was just the right mix of warm and professional without a hint of obsequiousness.  The wine list is whatever is chilling in the fridge at the nearby State Wine Shoppe, this being a BYO (as many of the smaller restaurants are in Philadelphia).

Little Fish is a great choice when you're seeking a top-notch dining experience in a laid-back, casual (and, it must be said, minimally decorated) space that borders on hole-in-the-wall.  A unique experience not to be missed if you're a foodie visiting Philadelphia.
Another five-star review for a place I've only been to once, but honestly, this place was phenomenal. From the get-go, service was outstanding and the atmosphere, albeit a small space, was inviting. I let the hubby get the view of the chefs preparing the food and he really enjoyed it.

After reading so many rave reviews of the octopus, we both agreed we needed to order it and let me tell you, it's the best we've ever had. I could've ordered another one for my entree and been perfectly happy! It was grilled and served with these fun, scallop-shaped rice cakes (at first we were excited and thought they were scallops!) and buttery sauce. I wish I'd snuck a menu home so I could accurately recant what we had, but alas, I can only tell you that it's worth every penny and hope that comes across as amazing in your eyes.

For entrees, I had the monk fish with barley, some kind of fresh green pesto, escargot, and oyster mushrooms and the hubby got the mackerel (sorry I can't remember what it had with it, only that the bit he gave me was awesome and the skin crisp and silky). Both were truly decadent, complicated, delicious dishes. 

This was a special occasion for us, so I was expecting to spend more than usual, but I honestly feel that the price was right for the quality of the food. I was also pleasantly surprised by the quantity, which can sometimes be light-handed at fancier places but was not the case here. These guys don't let you leave hungry! 

We wished we'd saved room for the rhubarb pie or chocolatey donuts I saw pass by, but we couldn't even finish our entrees! 

Service was also great- both servers worked together to make sure no water/wine glasses went empty and they were genuinely good at their jobs. A true gem in S. Philly- can't wait for another special occasion to give us a reason to spoil ourselves :) Maybe we'll try the Sunday night chef's tasting menu....
Little Fish? More like Little Dish - the portions here were way too tiny for the rave reviews this place is getting. I ate here a couple times when it first opened, but stopped going because the meals were so small.  Always tasty, but never satisfying.  I decided to try it again for the Sunday night tasting menu, because it has gotten so much press. Of the five dishes 2 were good, 2 were okay and one was bad.  None were great, all were microscopic.  Plus they ran out of bread - probably because everybody needed to fill up on something!   If you're hungry, go somewhere else.
Little Fish came up small...  there wasn't much ambience to speak of in this restaurant, a no frills restaurant that seats 22.  It's very loud and the two waitresses while nice, did not do much more than serve us our courses- she initially filled our glasses with water and wine but after the first pour, she never came around again. The big disappointment was that she never came back to ask us how our food was which we actually needed to send something back.
I ordered the east coast selection of oysters to start, I can not recall the name but they were perfectly shucked.

I ordered the peekatoe crab appetizer, this dish was spicy and delicious- it was presented beautifully and was very satisfying. My husband had the octopus dish and he rave about how tender the meat was with just the perfect hint of smokey to it.

On to the entree, I had the tuna- it was a substantial size and the combination of greens- I was a bit underwhelmed with it- it was fine but for the price, I thought there would something more than ordinary.
DH ordered the monkfish- which was described to him as the consistancy of salmon. It was described as having bits of monkfish tartar on the dish as well. The center portion of his fish was cold and gelatinous. We had to flag down the other waitress )as ours disappeared) and asked her to sent it back. We were disappointed that they threw the same fish back on the grill to finish cooking, instead of cooking a new portion. However, it was replated, but once it came back, it was once again still squishy. We finally got a hold of our waitress and she told us that their chef's cook their fish this way because flaky is a well done. Since my husband had an expectation of a flaky salmon like fish, he was put off a little. Back it went and it came back again. No apology for the miscommunication or anything. Our evening started off with flying colors but alas fell flat. I don't know if they were trying to turn the table over, but to have a $40 entree treated in such a blase attitude, really didn't sit well this us. We decided to leave and not indulge in dessert. I was overall disappointed as this was one of our few dates nights since our second baby arrived:(
You will see I am conflicted.  I keep trying to justify my 3 star review when so many of my fellow Yelpers have nothing but rave reviews.  Perhaps because the night before I dined on one of the best meals of my life, but I found the Prix Fixe Sunday dinner at Little Fish just ok.  The food was fine and well prepared, but it lacked that extra something.  I can appreciate what they are doing to contribute to the Philly food scene, but maybe I just went on a bad night.  I found the combinations and plates predictable.  The best course was with the scallop, but that is a given since it is hard to mess up scallops.  
 
I will say that they have their timing down perfectly considering they are serving the whole restaurant at once.  I am not saying never again, but I have a lot of other places to try before I go back to give Little Fish a second chance.
Little Fish = Big Taste

The dishes here were so flavorful and colorful.  The calamari was done differently than I'd ever had it, but awesome in a fresh tomato base with pine nuts, olives, and capers.  The calamari is sauteed and light with no breading but tender and yummy.  

Tried Papa's scallops and they were so very good with tangerines (i think) and a bright beet juice giving it a nice deco. 

got the snapper green pea spaetzle for my main attraction and it was wonderful.  The fish was done perfectly and the spaetzle was creamy but not too soft.  The sauce wasn't too heavy for fish and the peas (which I usually don't care for) were really big and fresh.

I love when garnishes are really tasty too and the green pea leaves were not bitter at all and fun to munch.

uummm yes, dessert was a must.  key lime, chocolate truffle, and espresso pana cotta all shared but at the same time guarded dearly.  yumm yum yummmm.

Gorgeous night to sit outside with our own wine (BYOB) dog sniffing good aromas and Little Fish food to fill our bellies.
Wow, awesome time there last night for their Sunday prix-fixe - what a deal is right! At $28 for 5 courses, this might be the ultimate recession-proof Philly deal I've stumbled across thus far. 

The food was delicious, with only one course being the downer (the soup course, which was a muscle and squid and ham soup in a spicy tomato broth...but in all fairness, I like neither squid nor ham). The boy wasn't blown over by the swordfish (main course), either, but I think this was because he wasn't eating the olives it was topped with. For some reason, olives + swordfish loin =  explosively awesome flavors. Yum! We'll be back. 

And while part of me wouldn't mind some subtle changes to the ambiance, which is a bit sparse and feels a tad bit uninspired, most of me just hopes nothing ever changes.
I wanted to give this place 5 stars, but I just couldn't.

The food - amazing. The scallops appetizer - out of this world. The beet salad appetizer - just as brilliant. Tuna entree - wow. 

Two negatives, though: We had a reservation for an outside table at 8pm. Arrived at 8pm. Finally seated at 8.35pm, while waiting outside on the road. No-one asked if we wanted our wine chilled while we were waiting so we drank a glass of warm wine when we sat down. And the table they put us on were two tiny ones pushed up near each other, but fitting three people on two tiny ROUND tables was quite awkward.

My husband requested the escolar for his main dish, sans the chorizo. The waiter comes back five minutes later and says the "side" of that dish can't be changed and to choose another side from the other dishes. Strange. Are the balance of dishes pre-prepared? Scary though.

Overall, worthy of four stars. Shame about the fifth.
Typically I never write Yelp reviews, but I think my experience warrants a review. An avid food lover, I tend to scour the yelp reviews for a good restaurant. However, today I was severely disappointed. Never have I ate such unsatisfactory food. The yelp reviews below promise very scrumptious and fresh seafood, but our night started and ended with completely burnt food. 

This is a small establishment so only a waitress and a single chef staff the whole establishment, which is fine if the food came out perfect. Instead they came out 45 minutes later and completely burnt. We ordered the octopus appetizer and it was burnt, but the waitress insisted that it was "charred" when the whole table tasted the bitter burnt taste. Optimistically we dismissed the "charred" appetizer, but when our entrees came out (monkfish and wild Cobia), the vegetables were completely burnt and the fish barely heated. The bitter taste of the vegetables permeated the sauce, ruining any fish or shortrib we were eating. Finally, our last friend ordered the Atlantic Cod, and it was tasteless and  bland. 

We were seriously shocked to find such a huge discrepancy between the reviews and the food we were eating. 

While the waitress was relatively friendly and helpful, we were sincerely disappointed in the food. I think this establishment might have potential, but really should consider expanding their staff.
In an of itself, Little Fish might be a slightly better than average BYOB seafood restaurant.  Based on the other Yelp reviews I read prior to my visit, Little Fish was a total disappointment.

Yes, this little restaurant is a BYO with extremely fresh seafood.  The quality is top notch, that is clear.  It alone carries this rating.  Beyond that, it offers little.  The ambiance is nothing to get excited over - its tiny, gets hot quickly, and the only intimacy you'll get is with the table next to you.  Service is friendly, but extremely slow.  By the time we left, the place was packed, but since it didn't start that way, I don't know what caused  the hold up.  Finally, the portions could be described as "cute" but aren't balanced with the prices charged (even given the quality).

I could be wrong... the other reviews paint an awesome picture which might have raised my expectations.  I also didn't take advantage of the BYO side, going instead with a coworker from out of town empty handed.  Still, I'm not sure that enough to leave me to wonder if I just visited on a off-night...
After hearing rave reviews from friends I decided to make a reservation for my husband and I the day after Valentines Day. Little Fish is a very small & intimate place, perfect for a special evening. It's an open kitchen (which we love) and I also appreciated the single hand-written menu on each table- it was romantic to share. 

The menu was a selective and perfected list!! We started with the East Coast Oysters (omg amazing!) and the Octopus (holy cow!!). The tentacles were so tender, juicy and HUGE. "This is seriously the best thing I've ever eaten in my life" were my hubby's exact words. Our entrees were so delicious we decided to split up our plates and share the entrees..too good not to have both. 

Thank you very much for a memorable night. We could not have been more pleased with every part of our meal and the experience. Appetizers, Entrees and Desserts were all of high quality, unique flavors and perfect presentation.The service was just as excellent. Let's just say we'll def be back!
Little Fish's Sunday prix fixe definitely  teased my taste buds tonight. Having booked our reservation a month in advance, we were excited to have dinner here. 

A little late for our reservation, we walked in to a full house, with an empty table by the window waiting for us. The server checked our names and we were seated. Little Fish is a cozy space, but it felt casual and intimate at the same time. There is an open kitchen; maybe next time we'll be lucky enough to see the chefs in action. Along the walls and on the windows were framed photos of fish; we sat by the puffer facing 6th street. To the back of the restaurant was a chalkboard with the night's menu:

- carrot, cucumber and red onion salad
- coconut, ginger and cilantro mussels
- salmon with eggplant, scallions and some spicy pepper that I can't remember the name of
- skate with asparagus, peas, and bacon hollandaise
- vanilla cake with strawberries and whipped cream

I must start with the bread - soft, warm, and quite delectable when paired with the olive oil that Little Fish serves. I haven't quite figured out what's in it but I couldn't stop. Yum!

Salad - Fresh with a tangy vinaigrette. I liked it but the bf was disappointed that there was no seafood in it.

Mussels - Ahhhmazing! The dish was simply a perfect balance of sweet (coconut), spicy (ginger), and salty (mussels). Hands down, this was my favorite of the night. The servers also brought extra bread to sop up the coconut sauce... Sooo good!

Salmon - Very good. I would have never thought to pair fish with eggplant. The salmon was seared just enough around the edges.

Skate - My first time having skate, I thought it was a little salty, but that may just be the nature of the fish. It would have been nice if there were more veggies on the plate to help balance the bacon hollandaise sauce as well. Nonetheless, it was quite enjoyable.

Dessert - Simple and satisfying. We ordered coffee with dessert - it took some time to arrive but I was happy that it was a very strong cup of coffee. Just what I needed!

Overall great service, lovely plating, delicious meal, and fairly priced. I can't wait to come back. Now it's a question of whether to visit for another prix fixe, or the standard menu...
Two hour dining time limit strictly enforced!

So, after 9 years of dining on and off at little fish, I have to sadly give it one star. We have followed them since their old location when it was a humble and great little BYOB. Every year my wife and I celebrated our anniversary there. We were sad when they closed for a year and eagerly returned when they reopened. 

The food is good, don't get me wrong (although VERY pricey now) . Some of the appetizers are great. 

We were four, we ordered 4 apps, 4 entrees and 1 dessert (they only offer one) and 4 coffees. The waitress who had been nice but nothing special dropped the check after 2 hours of dining while we were eating dessert and chatting. We paid and not 2 minutes after we signed, she came and smiling, asked if she could move us and our drinks outside (temp was in the 50's at the time). We gently said we're not quite ready yet, thanks. 2-3 minutes later she shows up again PICKS UP OUR BOTTLE AND GLASSES and asks if we would mind if she moves us outside once more. We said "no thank you" at which point she said (paraphrased) "I'm sorry but we allow 2 hours per seating and there are people waiting for your table." I told her in 20 years of dining in Philly, I had never seen this. We were perhaps 10-15 minutes over 2 hours. Frankly, we were all a little shocked and the whole thing wrinkled an otherwise pleasant dinner. 

I told her I thought this was rude and that I regretted giving her such a generous tip to which she smiled and apologized as she was walking us out. Essentially a "sorry but screw you" attitude. 

Little Fish - you've lost your way. Entrees are well into the $30's now...do you really kick people out after 2 hours no matter what? So many other options where we can sit unbothered. Not coming back.

PS I am apparently not the only one who experienced the time limit. See reviews below)
My wife and I had a 7:30 reservation tonight for dinner and spent a decent amount of money.  It wasn't even 2 minutes after I signed the credit card slip, while my wife was finishing her last few sips of her glass of wine, that the waitress came over and asked us to leave because there was another couple that was waiting for our table.  It is not our fault that the timing for reservations is horrible yet we were made to feel like it was our fault.  We ordered from every course on the menu including desert and were apparently expected to complete our meal within an hour and half.  Never in my life have I been asked to leave a restaurant, let alone asked to leave 2 minutes after I signed the for the bill.  I understand the need to turn tables over but for that waitress to do what she did was appalling and rest assured we will not be coming back to this restaurant again.  

In addition, we over heard the same waitress tell the couple that was sitting directly next to us that they could only order one more item for their time was running out.  Seriously?!

I am huge believer that the service is what makes up the quality of restaurant.  In this case it left a very sour taste in our mouth, especially for having spent what we spent.  Lets face it, the food is on the pricey side.  That being said it if I could have left no stars I would have but since Yelp requires something they are getting 1 star.
went again last night (and had the same things because i'm lame!) and i would give this place a sixth star if i could.  definitely do not miss the halibut if it's on the menu, or the scallops, or the key lime pie.  

oh and i was wrong - it's not cash only.  i noticed the stickers and i think they said they recently started accepting credit cards.
OMG... this place has incredible food & service.

The bread was served with a combo of chimichurri, parsley & olive oil. SOOOO yummy & unique. Most places just give you butter or olive oil.

We started with a Bibb Lettuce salad. We were just going to split one ourselves, but they lovingly split it for us. It didn't look like much but looks were TOTALLY deceiving. It was flavorful and filling.

My entrée was the Escarole with truffle spaetzle, melted leeks & parmesan broth. AMAZING!!! Once I started eating, I didn't want to stop. It was originally prepared with Skate but we were wondering what Escaole was and chef allowed me to have it with the Skate prep. (YAY!)

I can't wait to go back again! This place puts Cochon to shame.
I'm new to eating meat (I was a vegetarian for 14 years) so I was excited to try top quality fish.  All in all, an incredibly meal.  I ordered the skate (which I realize is not exactly a fish) and it was prepared beautifully.  Service was excellent and the servers really knew the food.

The only negative is cost.  Entrees are around $27 which is a bit costly for me.  A shame, as I would like to eat there more often!
I've been wanting to try this place for ages and my boyfriend made reservations here for my birthday. I love how small/intimate it is, and the open kitchen concept. I liked it so much, I went back with a friend 2 weeks later and she loved it as well!

We tried a little of everything--both types of available oysters, scallops, octopus, ceviche and a main dish which we're somehow unable to recall. Truly, nothing we got was anything short of delicious. The service was great! I had the same waitress both times. I'd go back again in a heartbeat.
This south philly joint is a huge favorite of philly yelp.  Had to give it a try.  Food was of good quality and made in interesting preparations.  I like the small menu, small sized dinning area, and, of course, the BYOB factor.  The one knock I have is the expensive pricing.  Entrees range from 23 - 28ish, but the food is more on the 17 - 22 level.  Nothing to take away, its still a great dinner.  Pricing could be a bit more appropriate.
Did the Sunday tasting last night - amazing food, amazing service. I don't usually care for mussels, but I devoured a plateful. In fact, I think all four of us ate every morsel of food that was served to us. Really an ideal dining experience.
Little Fish is very quaint and maybe seats at most 15 tables. I went on a Monday night and by 9, my table was the only table filled. The kitchen is out in display and you see flames in the kitchen as they make magic. 

I started off my meal with the scallops--it had a lot of interesting flavors and the scallops were cooked to perfect.There was truffles on top of the scallops which was delightful--a little warning: the truffles like little slices of brain. 

I was with two others and we shared the scallops and the octopus. The octopus was a bit charred on the ends which I particularly didn't care for--however the rest was cooked where it was chewy and soft enough for me to bite into. 

As my main dish, I got the cobia--it had a texture and bite similar to a swordfish. It's a bit hard to cut with your knife--you have to put a little bit of force into it. I enjoyed the potatoes and kale it came with.

My friend got the sea bass and this is the dish you should get. It's flavorful, crispy on the outside and soft in the inside. 

Lastly, we finished off with the lemon cake--it came with a small scoop of ice cream and pistachios on top. It's very citrus-y and the contrast of the ice cream and pistachios work well with the lemon cake. 

I would recommend this for a first date. You'll have a lot of fun with your date exploring new tastes and encountering new types of fish you've never heard of.
My roommate and I, on a restaurant hopping night, walked over to Little Fish from Salt and Pepper.  

Little Fish's Freedom Foie for Five selection, protesters be damned, was more than adequate: foie gras, seared, with port soaked cherries and (if memory serves me correctly) microgreens.

The seafood that I had, though, was absolutely stellar.  The sicilian calamari was amazing; unlike far too many places, the squid was not overcooked (that is to say, it was barely cooked at all).  And the blue crab sausage was outstanding.

It's places like Little Fish that make me realize how much of a culinary wasteland Kansas was, and how glad I am that I'm not longer there.
I went here with two friends for the tasting menu on Sunday. $28 dollars for 5 courses, amazing.

I really enjoyed my time here, although it is a really small restaurant that does not have much parking around. So be sure to give yourself time to find parking.

"Our five-course dinner consisted of an Overbrook Farm salad with apple, orange, cranberry and goat cheese, jerk halibut with bacon, radish and cilantro, skate wing with squash, clams, crab in a saffron broth, Brazilian tiger fish with collard greens and black eyed peas in a coconut broth, and a chocolate truffle torte with raspberry sauce. " - copied from Claire O since we went together along with Abby I.


The only thing I didn't like was the coconut broth but that is simply because I am not a coconut fan. Despite this, I had a pleasant time and enjoyed the food.  However, I should note that I would probably not return to the restaurant just because it is not in a convenient location.
If you are looking to have the best seafood meal experience of your life come here.  The only issue about this place that concerns me is that they may be putting crack in the food, it is that good.  the combination of flavors in every dish is unreal.  

things to note: 
it is small...make reservations
byob

this is by far the best meal i've had in philadelphia.
This is as good as it gets for seafood.  I loved this place!!  It's a tiny little hole in the wall but you gotta love that small cozy feel.  I haven't been back in a couple years now (hey, I live outta state) so I don't know if it's changed much.  When I went they had 7 or eight tables, the kitchen was basically in the dining room, and the menu was written on the wall.  Big cool points!

Tiny as it was you could really tell they cared about what they were doing.  On one dish they had a deep fried egg yolk on top of rare tuna.  How you can fry an egg yolk without breaking it is completely beyond me.  But that sort of time and effort is seen in every dish.  The taste of the food is absolutely sublime. Each dish is spot on. Even if you're not a big fish fan you owe it to your self to try little fish!
Amazingly fresh fish, expertly prepared.  Equally creative appetizers (mmm, beet salad!) and house-made desserts.  This is a tiny, tiny little place, so reservations are a must.  Basically one room with about 6 or 7 tables and an open kitchen.  Wonderful for cozy dinners with candlelight and a bottle of wine.  BYO.  Don't expect to have leftovers--it's too delicious, with normal-sized portions presented beautifully.  One of my favorite "nice restaurant" destinations in town.
Great end to the week with the sunday prix fixe, some saisions and a few buddies. Small and cozy, prime view of all the action where the two chefs put out an unbelievable 5-course meal.

1.spinach and endive salad, bacon. I loved the salad and how it set the tone for the night
2.yellowtail (switched from salmon) over radish. Asian inspired here, tuna was amazing.
3. Scallop and seared duck breast. 5spice encrusted the scallop, that and duck cooked perfectly. Carrot purée awesome also. Best for me, wish it was 5x bigger.
4. hebi. First for me with this white, steaky hawaiian spearfish. Set in a delicious mushroom broth, very good and most of my friends fave.
5.banana cake- my lone never eat happens to be banana, so I enjoyed the chocolate ice cream, my boys said the cake was good though

Great value per portions and byob is awesome. Both servers very attentive and efficient and as a whole it was a great dinner. Can't wait for some more Sundays here in the future.
Overall experience 1.5 out of 5.

Came here for MY birthday, it was for an intimate dinner for two.  Sadly to say, I had high hopes going in for my birthday dinner, but left with a sour note.  We arrived promptly for our reservation, the restaurant was what I expected very low key, something cozy, nothing obnoxious and loud. It was a weeknight, so it's not packed, only a couple of tables. My partner had a hard time finding parking so we decide that I'll go in first and check in while she finds parking. I sat there for 10 min before they offered me water or to open our bottle of wine...Strike 1...I over looked that initial service cause maybe they wanted my partner to arrive before they'll greet us or acknowledge my existence.

After I got a glass of water and a glass of wine, I had time to survey the environment, place setting (chipped bread plates on every table) and familiarize myself with the limited menu...3 types of oysters, 4 appetizers, and 4 fish entrees.  I decided to phone my partner and check in on her and tell her about the menu choices. She told me since it's my bday I should just order whatever I want. She should be there by the time the food arrives. So I did, I order the 3 type oysters on the menu (Deer Creek, and another two different types), the Papadelle (Mushroom Pasta), the Octopus, and the Hamachi Tartar, for the entrée I decided on the Strip Bass. 

I waved my waiter down, to place an order....He looked at me surprised, when I said I would like to place my order for the oysters, and the appetizers, and I'll wait for my partner to arrive before placing the entrée. My conversation with him was very awkward. I never felt welcome though out the night by him. Here's an example of his service.  I asked for another slice of bread for the both of us. He gave me a piece of bread end, pretty much all crust. I asked him if I can have another slice that's not the end, cause I can't chew the bread crust due to my braces. He looks at me like I'm weird, then gave me another piece of bread, however that new piece of bread is so small that it's only 1 sq inch left, when I ripped off the crust. By this time, I'm a little frustrated with him. Maybe cause it's fueled, by this:  Another table arrived after me, where it's this American guy, mid-30 waiting for his date to arrive too...He was promptly seated and attended too. The same waiter was very tentative, asking him if he wanted his bottle of wine open, and telling him the special on the board, all while pouring him a glass of water within 3 min of him sitting down. *sigh* ....Where's my same treatment? Am I consider a second class citizen at "Little Fish"? Strike two! 

My partner arrived right before our food arrived. The 3 oysters, were too salty and each one that we got was the size of a quarter, . We were wondering why the other table had oysters double the size of ours (1.5 out of 5). I have to say...just to clarify....I will pretty much pay any price for food just as long as it had the chops to back it up. 

The Hamachi tartar was around 15ish, we're looking at half of a hockey pluck of tartar. The tartar was a little bland for us, all I tasted was the scallion and nothing else much (2 out 5).

 The Papadelle (3 out of 5) was well cooked but nothing wow, the percino cheese made it too salty. 

As for the Octopus ...it was burnt...I understand that charred will give it that smokey flavor assuming that's what the chef is going for...but our Octopus and the pork belly was BURNT (1 out of 5 )! 

Moving on to our Entrée...the Strip Bass with lobster and veal breast, (2.5 out of 5)...My note to the chef would be "Against the Grain! Cut against the grain!"

 I almost choked on the veal breast. I had a hard time chewing the meat, I was trying hard not having to spit it out. Let's say "Thank god for water". That was it... Strike 3 right there. 

We had to ask for what was on the dessert menu, instead of my waiter offering to tell us. He told us it was a chocolate torte or something that's like a donut... We were done, and didn't want to deal with our waiter anymore afterward and the dessert didn't sound like something worth sitting through.  We just asked for our check, paid then left to elsewhere for desserts.
Little Fish is my favorite new find in Philly (even though it has apparently been around forever!). Their $38 5-course menu on Sunday is a STEAL - BYOB is a perk. We went for my birthday, and were served the following: 

Panzanella Salad w/Black Sea Bass. Light & flavorful. Sea bass was made into medallions that were adding to perfectly fresh tomatoes and bread, tossed with a light vinaigrette. Great start! 

Shrimp & Sunflower Seed Pesto Pasta. A little spicy, pasta was perfect. Shrimp were cooked SO well - almost just shy of cooked through, on the rare side. 

Japanese Seabreem Crudo. Served with roasted squash - unusual combo, but REALLY delicious! 

Salmon Filet with Miso/Daikon Broth, Pea pods. Again, the fish was cooked PERFECTLY. Broth was amazing! My partner's favorite dish. 

Lavender Ice Cream w/ Roasted Plums. Tartness of plums played off the sweetness of the ice cream - really nice, light dessert. 

All for $38? With great service? In a small, intimate dining room? With exposed kitchen? 

YES. We'll be back!
The Sunday night prix fixe has to be the best deal in the city.  Always creative (maybe with the exception of dessert... but only because I'm pretty sure I've had the same exact chocolate torte -- with different accoutrements, but still -- the past three times I've been), always delicious, never a dull moment.  

The five course usually gets you:

Soup
Starter
Salad
Entree
Dessert

Last time we went the entree was a pastrami spiced escolar with pumpernickel croutons and caper mustard sauce that, if anyone at Little Fish is reading this, definitely needs to be on the permanent menu.

Nota bene: as others have mentioned, it is a SMALL place.. so make your reservations in advance.  Possibly because of the size, they seem amenable to table requests.  There's one table in particular that has an awesome view of the kitchen and when we request it they've almost always accommodated us.
This place is terrible. The food is just normal but super expensive. The waitress said that since we didn't make a reservation so we need to sit outside. And after we sit, order and wait more than half an hour,  the food came, the outside already turned very cold and dark. By the way, we put 80 dollars for big plates with 'little fish'. First time and the last time!
Little Fish is one of those places that I've ridden my bike past , but never given a second thought to. What was I thinking?!

Seafood is hard. It is often over cooked, dry, and served with a bunch of crap that has nothing to do with the fish you ordered. Little Fish impressed me--the menu was small (like the restaurant), but each dish had an attention to detail that you jut don't see in restaurants of it's size.

I dined here in a party of four and we each ordered something different. Halibut, Salmon, Escarole, and Marlin were all out of this world. The plating was beautiful and all of the flavors were right on. For dessert, we shared a few orders of Lavender Creme Brulee which was unexpectedly delicious.

The atmosphere is casual and intimate. The restaurant is so small that you're practically sitting inside the kitchen, but I didn't feel crowded at all.

Call for a reservation and to find out what is on the menu--it changes daily.
This is definitely one of the tiniest and coziest restaurants I've ever been to, along with the tiniest strip of a menu I've ever seen (as it changes daily). It really feels like you are in someone's home, which is awesome. The menu is split into a few sections, and it is recommended for two people to pick one app or first course, as well as two second courses, there was also only one dessert available. Each table gets bread with fantastic herb/oil spread. For first course we got little fish pieces in a light broth. It was good, and had strong fish flavors, so some may not like it. For our entrees we tried the salmon and the tuna steak. Both dishes were pretty large with a ton of roasted veggies and sauces. I am not sure which dish I liked better, as both were filled with unique yet simple flavors and both fish were cooked perfectly. The dessert was corn bread with popcorn flavor ice cream. Unfortunately I was not a big fan, as the ice cream just tasted super salty (but just like pop corn!) and the corn bread was just OK.

Overall, this is a great place to take a date or have an intimate dinner with a friend or two.  It is a little pricey, but you get to bring your own wine!
A big disappointment!  Went for the Sunday tasting menu...  Food was bland and some dishes just not good.
The salad was simple and tasteless
Tuna-beet cerviche was alright 
Lobster soup was just BAD!
Chocolate cake was dry.
Atmosphere was nice tho...
For Valentine's Day, the GF decided to turn the tables on me and take me out for a nice dinner. When it comes to food, I usually do all the planning, but I've got to say - she knocked it out of the park. Let me present to you - my new favorite restaurant in Philadelphia - Little Fish BYOB.

Little Fish is an intimate 22-seat establishment with handwritten menus that change on a nightly basis. It's all based on what's seasonal and available. The GF scored us a table that afforded us a great view of the chefs at work.

Bread Service

We started off with a nice white bread, which tasted fresh but was served cold. It was accompanied by a garlicky chimichurri, with notes of oregano, vinegar, and parsley. A nice change of pace from butter, and perfectly suited for the seafood that was to come.

Kampachi ($16)
Greek yogurt, grapefruit, jicama, cashew

The kampachi was characteristically meaty and toothsome. But the dish was augmented by the great salty and lime flavors imparted onto the fish. The cashew and jicama added great texture, while the mint and grapefruit balanced the smokiness of the dish. The greek yogurt helped to tie everything together.

Scallop ($17)
Almond, blood orange, fennel, chili

The GF enjoyed the scallop, which was one of the lightest dishes of the night. The fennel was grilled, imparting a smokiness to the herb. The blood orange added sweet tang to the dish, while the almond added necessary texture.

Octopus ($16)
Cabbage, kohlrabi, bacon, rye

This was easily my favorite dish of the night, and one of my favorite preparations in recent memory. The cephalopod had a beautiful grilled char, but the higlight? The inner meat was luxuriously silky. If you've ever seen Jiro Dream of Sushi, a documentary chronicling the most famous 3 Michelin star sushi restaurant in the world, you know that Jiro has his apprentices massage their octopus for 45 minutes to get a luxurious texture. I wouldn't be surprised if the star of this dish received similar treatment. It was that good.

The candied bacon added a nice savory and sweet counterpoint to the char of the octopus. The kohlrabi and cabbage added fresh elements to what is a surprisingly hefty dish. The croutons and rye added texture as well. A must order if it's on the menu and you've never had octopus.

Cobia ($32)
Grits, edamame, maitake, smoked tomato

This was the GF's first time trying cobia and knowing that she loved halibut, I recommended that she go with this. Prototypically meaty and clean - the cobia did not disappoint. The smoked tomatoes added tang to the dish, while the meaty maitake mushrooms added more depth and grilled flavor. The grits were nice and not overpowered with butter and the edamame was a change of pace texturally, adding clean notes.

Big Eye Tuna ($34)
Fregola, kale, oxtail, persimmon, caramlized onion

My big eye tuna, one of two types of Ahi, was delicious and prepared medium rare. It was perfectly meaty, with a smokiness on the outside. Sweet and savory oxtail was intermingled with silky fregola pasta, while the pop of persimmon added bright notes.

But the true star of this dish? The caramelized onions, which I realized was presented in a puree. Deep and savory, the GF and I could not get enough. I would easily buy a pint of this and drink it with some cheese and toast points.

Pineapple Upside-down Cake ($8)
Sesame ice cream, pineapple caramel

The only 'meh' of the evening was the dessert. They had two offerings for the night, the pineapple upside down cake and a panna cotta. We opted for the former and unfortunately, the cake itself was very dry and dense. I did appreciate the sesame ice cream which seemed to have a kick at the end - ginger, perhaps? The caramel was a nice touch - certainly infused with the essence of pineapple. But in the end, we should have said no mas.

Disregarding the dessert, the GF and I thoroughly had a wonderful meal at Little Fish. Creative and fresh - Chef Jenkins is certainly holding his own. Service was exceptionally friendly and helpful. The pacing of the meal was perfect for a Valentine's Day dinner. FYI - Little Fish offers a 5-course tasting on Sunday nights for only $33. There are two seatings - one at 5:30PM and the other at 8PM. Make sure to reserve in advance though - the word on the street is that these tables are booked for weeks! No surprise here, that's for sure.
Little Fish... little place, little menu, BIG score. On the night we dined there were 13 menu items; we had 8 of them, all of which were awesome.

Walk in, there's seating to your left, a few against the wall in front of you, and straight ahead is the kitchen. The kitchen consists of a stove, oven, prep table, and a counter. Small and efficient. We sat towards the back in front of the kitchen.

The service is no frills and tremendously helpful. Now... ON THE SUBJECT OF FOOD (the menu changes daily, so you may not be able to eat what's described below):

Starters: 

--oysters from the West coast and East coast (our server explained that East-coast oysters are more salty, and these were, and also delicious). I haven't enjoyed oysters until eating them here.

--scallop, served on top of a mushroom sauce and raspberry chutney, and next to foie gras... 

--ceviche, there was lobster in it...... fresh and yummy

Mains:

Eileen had the halibut, and I had the cobia - forgive me for not providing more detail; it's been a week since we ate there. I've never even heard of cobia, and now I'm eager to have it again.

Desserts:

I don't think any length of time could keep take away from this memory. There were two - a strawberry rhubarb tart and a pot de creme de chocolat (read delicious, silky chocolate stuff that I couldn't get enough of). Wanted both, and our stomachs had room since the meal was all seafood, so we got both. 

Great decision.

We'll be going back, and this is definitely one of my Philly favorites.

Also, you'll get a kick out of the check, at least I did.
I think this is our favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.  The food is terrific, as long as you can deal with a limited menu that is predominently fish.  The menu has been totally different each time I have gone, but each time I found that there were many things that I wanted to eat.

If there's anything negative to be said about the place it's that it VERY small.  It only holds about 25 people at a time, and even then you can feel sort of crammed in.  The guy at the table next to us wanted his space and some of ours, and unfortunately for us, he got it.  But I'm telling you, this place is worth any small inconveniences.
Portions are small and overpriced ( yes I understand most good restaurants are small overpriced portions). The menu is quite small and even if you love seafood (my wife and I both do) there's not many options.  Our dishes were unique and flavorful, if I was judging strictly on quality of food I would have given them 5stars. However when I weighed in the cost/portion/and menu options I came up with a 2. Also because of Covid we had to sit outside, they advertised on their website that there was space heaters next to tables, there were no space heaters.
Little Fish, BIG FLAVOR! 

Little Fish lived up to all our expectations for great seafood in a quaint environment.  By scoring a reservation for their $28 Sunday prix-fixe, we were able to sample several of their dishes. 

Fresh out of the oven bread w/ a dipping sauce of garlic, herbs and olive oil was amazing.  We could have lapped up the dipping sauce like stray cats looking for milk.

1.  Baby frisee salad w/ oranges, radishes, & goat cheese - The salad was good, except that mine didn't have any oranges.

2.  Blue Bay mussels w/ wild mushrooms, butternut squash, & pastina -   This was delicious, my wife thought so as well and she doesn't even like mussels.  The wild mushrooms were the perfect undertone to this dish.  The broth alone was heavenly.

3.  Suzuki (Japanese black bass) w/ grapefruit, fennel, & fingerling potatoes - This was the best dish of the night.  The crust on the fish was perfectly crispy and seasoned.  The grapefruit provided a sweet & sour contrast to the saltiness of the fish.  The potatoes were very good as well.

4.  Mahi-mahi w/ sweet potato puree, Madras curry, pear, & watercress - The sweet potato puree was creamy and delicious.  The pear also provided a nice sweetness.  My wife felt that her fish was underseasoned.

5.  Spiced apple bread pudding w/ whipped cream - a nice finish to a delicious meal.  I wish that the bread pudding was warmed though instead of being served at room temperature.


Overall, Little Fish has great food and the Sunday prix-fixe is an exceptional deal.  The courses were the right size and timed perfectly to leave you satisfied by the end of the night.  

One word of wisdom - arrive early to get the best table, otherwise you might be stuck at a table that is only inches away from the next table.  Don't bother trying to get reservations for a weekend in the next few months, they're booked through April.  Bon Appetit!
Okay. Do you know when you taste something, and you know that the meal is going to be amazing and really change how you see food? That was my experience at Little Fish. This place must be one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. 

Make a reservation. The restaurant itself is tiny... in a good way. It's like dining in someone's home. In fact, we sat right by the kitchen and watched the chefs skillfully fry, drizzle, and create all night. It certainly had a cozy, warm atmosphere. The wonderful aromas wafting through the air were intoxicating.

As you can judge by the name, this place specializes in seafood. All perfectly done and masterfully thought out.

We had an appetizer of squid ink pasta. Now squid ink can often be a bit bland but this pasta was flavorful with a nice kick of acid. It was delicious. The flavors were very bold.

Then we had the tartar. The flavors in this dish were much more subtle, and built up layer upon layer. A nice contrast to the squid ink pasta.

We then had striped bass, which was perfectly cooked, warm and flaky moist. It was topped with a nice salsa (which I wouldn't usually like but this was good). 

You will not go wrong ordering any dish from this place. The seafood is all beautifully prepared. The portions are pretty generous even though this isn't the most inexpensive place to dine. 

Seriously. Try this place. Now.
Went here for a girls night out. Not exactly sure if they were just having a bad night or what but my dining experience here was pretty disappointing.

Appetizers 
Calamari Pastini -- Not too shabby.. if you like the taste of olives, im sure you'd love this dish.
Crab concoction -- Ummm... seriously? Bland. Boring. I'll pass.
Mussels -- I heart mussels. Very tasty! I'd recommend getting this as a starter. Don't forget to ask for extra bread to dip in the curry sauce. Mmm. 
Arugula salad - Just a salad. Not much to comment on this one.

Main Course -- I'm not sure what my friend's dishes tasted like but I ordered the Skate. The skate was very flavorful BUT it was way way way too salty! I love adding salt to everything, but if I'm complaining that it's too salty... yeah.. something is not right.

Dessert - Ordered all four of the dessert choices. They were all very good. I'd say my favorite was Chocolate Truffle Tort. Drool...

I dont know if I'd go back here or not. The food was just average and the staff was borderline rude. We had a reservation for 4... we all ordered 4 appetizers, 4 entrees, and 4 desserts, which of course takes time to eat. We were munching away at our dessert when the the waitress comes up to us and says we had to pay and leave because another group of people were coming in. Rude much? I understand that they need to turn over their tables, but with the amount of food we ordered we should have been given enough time to actually finish it. We ended up leaving with most of our desserts still sitting there. What a waste.
Honestly, I don't really get it. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but the food was okay, and neither the service nor the ambiance stood out.

Just a head's up: if you don't like fish or seafood, you will literally not find anything here! Everything on the menu is just that, and pretty pricey for it too! The Sunday tasting menu seems like a good idea since all the fish are over $30 (which I, for one, have never seen before... but I guess it makes more sense if there are no steaks to compare it to).

I ordered the striped bass, and I've never had such a high dollar to fish ratio before. The filet was pretty small! I could tell the fish was fresh, but unfortunately I didn't like all the different flavors of gazpacho it drowned the bass in... If I'm going to pay $35 for striped bass, I would like to be able to taste it, but that's just me.

Service seemed fine. They nicely held our reservation since we were 10 minutes late, but this seems standard. They also allowed us to switch tables, but as it turned out, almost all the tables are next to the heater and very cramped. As with many BYOBs, the food took a little longer to come out (and it was our fault for not bringing any alcohol to pass the time!).

The restaurant is pretty tiny. The tables along the wall opposite the open kitchen all have a heater blowing air at your legs, which was kind of uncomfortable. Try to get a table near the windows if possible.

You should definitely reserve in advance, if you're all about fish and willing to pay the price for it. As for me, I think I'll stick with Devon's.
I've been to Little Fish three times for dinner, and I just recently decided to check out their tasting menu.  I enjoyed it, but I'd honestly rather pay more and end up with more dishes that excite me for a better experience overall.  With the tasting menu of course you can't choose what you get, and the portions are much smaller than the items on the regular one.  The tasting menu is now $38, and comes with five courses, which is comparable to the price of a single entree there (they are usually around $40).  Don't get me wrong, it's a good deal, but if I choose myself, I usually end up with more dishes that wow me and fit my taste preferences.

The first course was a simple salad.  I felt like it was kind of a filler course to be honest.  It contained baby spinach and a few sliced radishes with an unmemorable vinaigrette.  The second course was superb and interesting.  It was two small slices of opah.  The fish was light but flavorful and served with a creamy yogurt, crispy almonds, greens, and sweet pineapple.  The flavor/texture combination was lovely.

The next course was disappointing.  It was a small piece of swordfish over a bed of potato hash.  I had it without the bacon, so maybe it was better with that if you like pork, but I felt that it was boring and didn't really have interesting flavors going on.  My husband had it with the bacon and wasn't impressed either.  

The main course was amazing.  It was striped bass over a bed of black lentils with a spring onion puree.  The puree was so fresh tasting and savory. I scraped every last drop of that sauce off my plate with my fork.  I think I could have drank it if they served it up in a bowl.  The lentils were tender, but not too soft, and the fish was fresh and delicious.  

The desserts at Little Fish usually don't impress me as much as the savory dishes do, but this was a different case on that evening.  We were served an olive oil cake with a pistachio sauce.  Wow!  The cake with light and fluffy like angel food and the sauce was creamy and full of pistachio goodness. If you ever see that on the menu there, get it!

 A little info for picky eaters:  The main reason I'd put off doing the tasting menu here, was that I don't eat pork, and Little Fish tends to incorporate it into quite a few of their dishes on their daily changing menu.  I was craving seafood on a Sunday night and saw tables open on Open Table, so I called the restaurant to ask what the offering was for the set menu.  Everything was pork free except for one dish.  They told me they could leave out an ingredient no problem, but no substitutions were allowed.  I was happy with that answer, especially because the dish with the pork was not a main course anyway.  Just call ahead before you come, and if it's just one ingredient like that, they'll probably be willing to work with you.
I had heard from so many people how wonderful Little Fish was and finally got to put it to the test. Had dinner there this past Saturday night.  Packed (especially since it was pouring rain outside meaning that diners waiting for their table had a hard time waiting outside), but staff was gracious and professional. Our waitress showed a clear love for the food, and knowledge of the preparations. Meal was a delight from start to finish. My appetizer was mussels in a lemongrass curry broth - amazing! After the mussels were done had to mop up the broth with the great bread and then finish it off with the spoon so as to not miss a drop. Others had a crabmeat appetizer that was equally beguiling. For entree we had lobster prepared jerk style, on a bed of "risotto" prepared with coconut milk and black eyed peas, with a jicama "slaw" on top.  This dish was just indescribably delicious. Others in our party had equally delicious and creative meals. Desserts were also worth every calorie, from a Ginger-infused creme brûlée to a chocolate treat to a shortcake-like concoction.

It is hard to get a reservation, it is cramped, it has a limited menu, it's not cheap. BUT the food is so outstanding nothing else matters. AND it's a BYO which helps offset the cost by allowing you to save the markup on some nice wine! I know I will be back again VERY soon...
This place feels like a turnt up version of home, serving some INCREDIBLE seafood at an incredible price. Came here on a Sunday night at 530pm with my parents to celebrate their 30th anniversary with a reservation for their five course seafood tasting ($48 pp without tax and tip). For the five courses we got starting from beginning to end: hamachi, scallops, tilefish, salmon, and a creamy dessert. 

AMBIANCE:
Little fish is in a incredibly cute neighborhood, and the restaurant is small with a few tables, but an incredibly warm, welcoming atmosphere and an open kitchen at the back. The open kitchen is great cause you get to see the chef prepare each course right from your table, and it adds more theatrics to the whole dining experience. Definitely a great place to celebrate an occasion, or for a not too fancy, yet elegant date night. 

PROS:
I love how Little Fish does this five course seafood tasting on Sunday nights, and they take two reservations at 530pm and 8pm only, as that is a rarity to find in Philly! Granted, we don't know what we will be served for each of the five courses that night until the moment you arrive there, so that was a pleasant surprise. Make sure you're a seafood lover before you come here because this place will not disappoint! 

Its BYOB, and the servers make sure that your drinks stay chilled for the entire night. Highly recommend pairing seafood with a nice sauvignon blanc or a good hearty white wine, and I brought a bottle of Kim Crawford's sauvignon blanc to pair with the seafood courses we got. It was fantastic. 

First course was the hamachi, which was served as a sashimi with a raspberry based sauce on top. Seafood was incredibly fresh, and they had bits of jalapeno to give it a kick. The red sauce was citrusy and acidic, and it definitely elevates the fish that we got.

Second course was seared sacllops on a bed of pea puree with a piece of toast. Honestly, those were some incredibly tasty scallops, and taking each bite with the pea puree with the toast was incredible! 

Third course we got was a tile fish that was served with some asian vegetables on a bed of butter squash puree. Fish was so delicious! The veggies and the puree were really creamy and paired well with the tile fish. 

Fourth course was a grilled salmon on a bed of roasted asparagus and potatoes. Salmon was seasoned well, grilled to a perfect medium rare, and the skin on top was really crispy like a potato chip. Asparagus and potatoes paired really well with the salmon. Probably some of the best seared salmon i've got in awhile!

Final course was a dessert, and I wasn't too sure what it was. It tasted like part pudding but with a lot of mango zest to it. It was good, but nothing spectacular. 

Service was on point as the server explained to us each course - my bad for not remembering the specifics of each dish. She also came over and made sure our wine glasses were always full!

OVERALL:
I am impressed with my experience at Little Fish, and looking forward to bring more friends and family there next time I visit Philly!
Umm...did I go to the same restaurant as everyone else here did? 
We went w/ a party of 9 yesterday night. Nothing left me wanting to come back for more, and though I thought the fish tasted fresh, the accompaniments didn't do much to enhance the plates.

service / ambience: so loud that I had to shout to my diner friends across and diagonally across the table. Service was okay...we didn't get more bread (it's okay, because the bread was definitely not that good), and the mains probably took a solid 25-30 minutes to come out. We ordered at 8 and didn't get our mains until a little past 9. The waiter did say "your food will be out shortly" but didn't, at any point, in the meal, ask us how the food  was / how things were going. 

Food
-salmon / miso, peach, avocado- i picked out 5 or 6 grains of salt that were an unpleasant surprise. We're not eating pretzels here, folks!!! If they are going to sprinkle the salt atop the plate, they should use much finer salt!  Also, the miso was very forgettable, because it was lonely on the plate, with just a few teaspoons under the salmon. You didn't taste it unless you tried hard to scoop the miso up with the salmon pieces. 
-octopus - bday girl and I dubbed it as...char and green curry. There is a different between grilled octopus and burned octopus. both pieces that we tasted were clearly burned. 
-striped bass- the fish was cooked well,but it didn't taste like anything special. i would say the pork shoulder was more flavorful. The fish and pork came w/ regular, plain long grain white rice, grapes, some watercress, and REALLY BITTER arugula (i think) sauce. My diner friend who got the same plate noted that he was doing his best to avoid the sauce...really?! I tried to salvage the sauce by eating it with the grapes, but I didn't see how the sauce complemented or added to the dish in any way. Also...white rice? With nothing else besides maybe some butter or olive oil? 

Price: Instead of going here, walk up 6th street and eat at Bistro La Minette, where you can get 4 courses for $35....! PLUS outstanding service, in-house baked bread, and great food. 

In short, this is a mainly SEAFOOD restaurant, so the seafood itself was tasty. I think there is a difference between good ingredients and well-prepared and enhanced ingredients, though.This was the former..
This place is the shit.  I've been there three times; I try and try to try other B.Y.O.'s but keep coming back to Little Fish.  Their menu is constantly changing, but I've never had anything there that I wouldn't order again.  Plus, the waitstaff is perky (I can use that word because I don't think they employ any males) and helpful if you're having trouble deciding between a few different things.  

The only bad thing about Little Fish is how amazingly small the place is, but you'll get over it the moment you put something in your mouth (notable exceptions being napkins, dirt, a foot)....
I came to Little Fish with huge expectations.  A 28 in Zagat for food.  Ranked as the #3 fish restaurant in the ENTIRE US by Bon Appetit magazine.  Huge foodie recommendations.  

My friend and I had the Sunday prix fixe tasting menu (which is the only thing you get on Sundays) for $30.  You get five courses (a salad, appetizer, two entree dishes, and a dessert) all of fairly small portion size, which is to be expected.  

We started off by getting there about 15 min early (we found parking right away, but parking down there is a NIGHTMARE so I'd recommend a cab).  They had about 3 tables open but we were told we had to wait.  A woman and her daughter arrived about 10 minutes after us and they were asked which table they wanted and were seated within a minute!  We were then seated a few minutes later.  Bad, bad start.  

After being seated it took a while for us to get our wine opened and even longer for us to get water.  There were about 20 people in the restaurant and only one server and one busboy.  

Once the seating finished, the service got somewhat better, although it took many attempts to get any notice from the server.  Chicken with its head cut off comes to mind. 

The dishes we had were: arugula salad with pine nuts and lemon, mussels with fennel, tomato and onion, a skate dish, and swordfish with olives and chick peas.  The skate was the standout and the only dish that made me say "wow."  The salad was so ordinary.  The mussels were similar to what you'd taste at most Belgian restaurants.  The swordfish had a chance to be great but was totally overwhelmed by the chef's liberal use of olives...and I love olives!  It was cooked perfectly but the olive flavor really overpowered the moderately flavored fish.  A shame.  The dessert was an apple tart that was decent but not amazing.

I'll go again but this wasn't the life stopping experience I was told I'd have.
I have had two lovely meals here.  The staff is great, and I love the feel of the tiny restaurant.  Most importantly, the food is some of the best I've had in Philadelphia.  I've gone for both the Sunday prix fixe and on a normal night.  Reservations for Sundays usually have to be booked far in advance, so you'll have to plan ahead if you want to take advantage.  However, if Sunday doesn't work out for you or you just can't plan three months in advance, know that the food is very good and the regular prices are also a great value.
Swiftly fell in love at this tiny Bella Vista byob serving artful dishes from the sea. I especially loved watching the chefs delicately prepare each dish from the open kitchen. The restaurant concept is simple, classy and charming (without being self aware) and the seafood soars far above anything else I've had in Philly since moving here 4 years ago. 

We ordered oysters, cuttlefish, turbot, and swordfish. The cuttlefish dish is packed with explosions of flavor, and was beautifully assembled. I felt it reflected the lingering summer and warm fall season we are experiencing perfectly - smoky sear on the fish mixed with edible flowers. 

In addition to the excellent food, the service was also perfection. I'm putting this special restaurant in my top five in Philly and will absolutely be returning. I hope it continues to live up to my first experience, if so... this could be a long term relationship.
Returned to Little Fish for dinner on a random, rainy Tuesday night and enjoyed another delicious, quiet meal by candlelight. Upon entering, the server asked if we had reservations. When we responded no, he said we were free to choose whatever table (for 2) that we liked. After seating, he asked if we had a bottle that we'd like him to open, to which we again said no. Service was attentive and friendly throughout the evening.

Started with appetizers -
1. Oysters - Kumumoto (California) & Snow Creek (Washington): topped with gin, cucumber, and finger lime (very refreshing!); Blue Point (Long Island) & West Falmouth (Massachusetts): topped with shallots and sherry vinegar (very buttery!).
2. Lobster - prepared in miso, with king trumpet mushrooms, foie gras, and tofu. Tasted very Asian-inspired; delicious and light.
3. Scallops - with wild mushrooms, agnolotti, and pecorino. I love scallops and I love mushrooms -- win-win right here.

For entrees - 
1. Big eye tuna - with pork shoulder, sticky rice, pineapple, and jalapeño. Tuna was perfectly seared. Pork shoulder was so tender, it literally melted in my mouth. Pineapple and jalapeño added a sweet and spicy kick.

2. Striped bass - with veal breast, fennel, lobster, watercress, and truffles. I didn't have too much of this entree, but he cleared his plate, so it must've been really good. 

All in all, another wonderful meal at Little Fish!
I was so glad to discover this boutique restaurant and find out about their Sunday tasting menu. For just ~$50 per person, you get pre-fixe menu of five courses. Plus, it's a BYOB restaurant! There are only two time slots on Sunday (5:30pm and 8:00pm), and you're asked to arrive right on time so that every table can start the same dish at about the same time. 

The restaurant is tiny with just around 10 tables. If you're looking for a seat by the window, make sure to arrive earlier than your time slot. The server chilled our wines, and never left our glasses empty. They are very accommodating to any dietary restrictions you may have. 

The food is great, and one of the best seafoods for philly. Some dishes can be a little repetitive, and I was expecting at least one dish with bolder flavors. However, you really can't complain too much for such a steal.

We are slow eaters and usually take our time to drink the wine, so we ended up being the last table to leave the restaurant. I felt like the service can be a little rushed towards the last courses, and the next dish was immediately served after the plates are taken away. We felt a little pressured to eat faster, but when we left there was still almost an hour before the next reservations at 8pm.
was craig laban on crack when he only gave little fish 2 bells?

so my friendlies and i came here for the sunday night prix fixe dinner, and um, can i eat here every sunday?

tasty salad (complete with bacon!!), followed by nicely cooked scallops (yes, i agree, la ban, they were a bit generous with the salt), mahi with chickpeas, arctic char with nom nom nom brussel sprouts (could have done sans mustard).  and everything was fresh.  

dessert cleansed the palate nicely with a nice tart key lime pie.

it's byo.  and the sunday deal is the best.  seriously...$35 including tax and tip?  rock on.

yes, it's small.  and it was definitely weird with the table behind me constantly looking at us, practically invading our space.  but you know what? i'd take that every sunday, just for the tasty seafood to be had.
This place is a real gem.  Food service and atmosphere all were 5 stars.

I have nothing but overwhelmingly positive things to say about this restaurant.  I never dined at the old location but if it's anything like what I experience this weekend, I'm sure it was wonderful.  A good friend and I came here for a late-ish Saturday evening dinner.  Armed with a bottle of Syrah, we perused the menu and decided to share a few appetizers and one entree.

We began with the oysters which were very simply served over ice and possibly topped with a house mignonette.  There was no lemon, no hot sauce, no horseradish and honestly, these oysters didn't require them.  They stood on their own.  I think we ate all the varieties they had that evening, each one more delicious than the next.

We split the octopus and scallops appetizers.  Both of these dishes were cooked so perfectly that each bite made you want to linger and savor the delicate flavors present.  It was one of those meals where it so good that you want to make sure the other person got their proper portion so they can join you in the celebration of flavor.

The wild stripped bass came out with a nice crust on top from a perfect searing.  It was sitting on top of wilted greens with andouille sausage and a delectable broth.  Let's just say there were no leftovers.

Dessert was a rather delicious strawberry concoction.  I'm not normally a berry fan but this thing was pretty amazing.  The plate was even adorned with very small edible strawberries that were smaller than a thimble.  Nice touch.

This restaurant, like the food it serves, is delicately balanced and is a real treasure to experience.
I couldn't have been more happy with my Sunday night dining experience.  The Sunday night tasting menu (5 courses for $28) allows you to "splurge" without spending alot.  

The aruluga salad to start was my least favorite part of the meal only because I am not a huge salad fan.  The mussels with fingerlings and mushrooms were so scrumptious that I literally could have eaten an entire pot of them.  Because I am obsessed with scallops, it is no surprise that the scallop with corn and a zesty and summery sauce was my fav.  Normally, squash (and most gourds) makes me gag, but it was excellent with the salmon.  The chocolate tort with berry sauce tasted even better than it looked - believe me, it looked good.

All-in-all, the amazing experience at Little fish has me hoping for a swift return.

*added bonus is that the chef is awfully cute.
Even if it has already been mentioned, I was still really surprised by how small this space is. Four two-tops and three four-tops, squeezed right up against the kitchen. I was creeping over the divider to see what was going on.

Came in for the Sunday $28 tasting menu with two friends, having booked approximately a month and a half in advance. Make sure you allow ample time to find parking! 

Our five-course dinner consisted of an Overbrook Farm salad with apple, orange, cranberry and goat cheese, jerk halibut with bacon, radish and cilantro, skate wing with squash, clams, crab in a saffron broth, Brazilian tiger fish with collard greens and black eyed peas in a coconut broth, and a chocolate truffle torte with raspberry sauce. 

The seafood was very well-cooked, the fish was flaky and well-seasoned (a touch salty, however), and the saffron and coconut broths were amazingly flavorful. It met my expectations and I was greatly pleased with such a delicious meal for a great price.
our tartare was 50% big chunks of fennel.  what happened to subtlety??  should've gone w/ the "hot and sour" soup.
our fish entrees were overcooked.  I 100% believe in a crunchy skin but the fish was almost tough from being so thin and cooked too long.
there were things on the plate that really didn't go together, such as the giant puddle of brown mush that tasted like cream of mushroom but overall, it didn't go with anything else on the plate.
the brussel sprouts were a huge disappointment--they just seemed boiled and thrown on a fry pan w/ some oil for a bit.
sauces, of which each plate had a ton, were not novel, they just seemed like watered down versions of hoisin.
raw fish was nothing special.
everything was on the salty side.

perhaps i should've gotten the raw oysters that everyone else was ordering.  overall, totally overrated or we must've gone on a bad day, who knows, but for 4.5 stars, i expect near perfection.
Seriously delicious.

This is a tiny little place in the most random location, but definitely worth the freezing trek. The ambiance is relaxed and inviting. As we entered the establishment, we felt ourselves defrost both on the outside as well as the inside-- we watched with anticipation at the passing food-filled plates and inhaled the intoxicating aromas of the chef's creations for the evening. Our reservation was for 8:00PM and we were seated around 8:20. The place was fully seated throughout the entire evening.

Staff / Service: There are three BOH/kitchen staff members doing all of the cooking. For FOH, there are two main servers, one assistant server, and one dishwasher (I think). The service was great and all of the staff is knowledgable. Important point to remember: Little Fish is BYOB! They supply wine glasses should you choose to bring your own bottle. 

The important stuff: the FOOD-- so good! Everything was delicate and beautiful and fresh and delicious. We ordered the Scallop, uni, foie gras dish and the octopus dish to start, followed by the walleye and trout for our mains. The plating was perfect and the quality of the fresh ingredients: undeniable.

I liked that each table had a light directly above it that wasn't harsh, but makes what you are eating easily visible. This little attention to detail and purposeful setup is a sure sign that they want you to actually see everything and appreciate what you are eating. 

I will definitely be back and recommend to others.

Prices are a bit steep but you are getting a quality meal. For my husband and I, the bill came out to about $150-$160 with tip included. (Remember, it's BYOB so you're actually saving a ton on the drinks!)

Side Note: Ladies, there is a full restroom with a mirror and everything! Small, but definitely sufficient for the space's size.
This is a must try in Philadelphia!!!!
My third time here because I absolutely love this BYOB restaurant. Food, Atmosphere, Service are all excellent. 
The service was amazing with a very friendly staff that helps make the experience superb. 

The Food:
With a handwritten menu the size of an override business card they have oysters, first course options and second course options and then a dessert. We tend to order a bunch of things and share and everything was amazing. I absolutely love the octopus (first) and the Sea Trout amazed and surprised me with the amazing Flavors - AMAZING! They know how to make fish taste amazing. Even if you don't like seafood, you will like the seafood here! Did I mention how amazing this place is? Every component on the dish makes sense and tastes great. Thoughtful refined tasty food at its best!!!

Atmosphere:
Friendly, warm, romantic and fun. First date or romantic date - your other halve will be impressed. If you can't seal the deal after a date here then you probably can't anywhere. 
You literally see the chefs make your food because the whole place is one little cozy room that all foodies must experience.
I should start by saying I had such high hopes for my meal here. Due to dietary restrictions, I pretty much only eat seafood and tofu for protein, I thought the fish-focus here would be perfect. I love the BYOB experience, and we packed a special pinot we'd been saving for the occasion. 

The dinner started off on the wrong foot when we showed up for our 8:30 reservation and were informed our table was not ready. No problem- we went to grab a cocktail nearby, expecting to hear from them in the next 20 minutes or so. Well, 9:15 rolls by, and we finally go back to the restaurant, only to find out our table was not yet cleared. Ok, I understand 15 minutes behind, but 45?? And there was no acknowledgement of the tardiness, no apology, nothing. 

It took another 15 minutes to get a waitress to come over and take our order. I was pretty frustrated at this point. However, I reached my boiling point when I asked our waitress for some more of the pesto spread for our bread (we were STARVING at this point), and she snottily replied "um, it's chimichurri actually"...ok, Miss 'you sat me 45 minutes late and didn't bother to take my order, but decide to be a bitch b/c I accidentally assumed it was basil and not parsley'. 

The one saving grace was most of the food was pretty good. We started with the oysters with tamari and lemon, which were fine but WAYYYYYY too salty from the tamari. The scallops and mussels were very good, as were our entrees- salmon and lobster. 

Maybe if you're a local they treat you better, maybe we were just being picky, but I have to say we are pretty aid back about service, and this place was horrible. Even with the food being as good as it was, I would not recommend this place to anyone.
By far the best seafood restaurant in Philly, and it is BYO!! I love to come here on Sundays for their tasting menu since I live in the neighborhood. The servers are always so friendly and attentive. When you arrive, they take your name and let you sit at any table the size for your reservation. Next they come around and open up your wines, and are very good about refilling (as they keep them on ice for you). The courses steadily progress through the meal, the servers are always attentive and thoroughly describe each dish. The entire meal takes between 1-1.5 hours and includes 5 courses as well as a bread course. The restaurant itself is very small and intimate but not over-crowded or too tight. The kitchen is open so you can watch the chefs preparing and plating the dishes. I highly recommend Little Fish and will continue to come back!
The 5 courses on the prefix Sunday menu left all 22 seats in the restuarant filled with 22 happy customers. I was blown away by Little Fish upon dining this weekend. I brought my parents who were in from out of town and love to take advance of Philly's BYOB scene. Each course was better than the last, taking the diner through an experience of the best ways to prepare fish. 

With a name like Little Fish, you better be good at seafood and this place more than exceeded expectations. The menu was unique (included a special variety of salmon for New Zealand no one had ever heard of) and prepared something you see all the time (yellowtail) in a creative raw preparation. 

The experience differs from the ususal seafood joint as the entire restaurant dines at the same time. There are two timeslots on Sunday, 5 and 8. If you arrive 10 minutes late you will miss the first course. When I saw this on the website I thought maybe this was just a bluff but every customer arrived on time and ready to time. The waitstaff was knowledgeable although had limited interaction with the table. Since they serve the entire restaurant at the exact same time and the few servers help all tables. 

Overall, the experience was excellent and I cannot wait to return.
4.5 stars, to be exact.

I've been waiting the better part of a year to go to Little Fish. I chose it for a very special birthday dinner: my favorite cuisine at what is purportedly the best seafood restaurant in the entire Delaware Valley. I'm happy to report it did not disappoint.

The room is as small as restaurants get, and sitting right next to the open kitchen is almost like seeing the man behind the curtain. You expect to see the most expensive of equipment and be blown away by the preperation, but it's rather under-whelming. However, the magic is how they can create amazing food out of such an umimpressive little kitchen.

The Blue Bay Mussels appetizer was as good as mussels get, sitting in a tasty coconut curry sauce with lemongrass strewn about. The scallop appetizer were some of the best and most tender scallops I've had.

The entrees were fantastic, albeit slightly flawed. The clams that came with the bass were too chewy to be broken down and had to either be swallowed whole or spit out. The spicy sausage was excellent, but one little gristly piece can ruin a meal. Fortunately, everything else was so stellar, these two little hiccups were an afterthought. Also excellent was the Halibut entree with chanterelle mushrooms, truffles, fava beans and more. Everything was melt-in-your-mouth good.

One of the hardest reservations in town to get. Weekends are booked through the summer. Try going on a weeknight.
I'm not, by any means, a huge fan of seafood and this place is just a delight!  All of the ingredients are fresh, and the fish is cooked to perfection.  Can't wait to go back!
Wow, this place really lived up to the hype. Our appetizers and entrees were simply fantastic. I had mussels served in a curry broth that was out of this world. Our guests enjoyed their scallops and lobster appetizers. 

Every dish was very solid. Halibut, Salmon, and Mahi Mahi entrees were all cooked and presented to perfection. Desert was just as good as the main course. My chocolate torte included raspberries that tasted like they were just plucked from the bush. 

Overall, I highly recommend Little Fish. Keep in mind, the interior is spartan and cramped, but this place is all about the food. In the age of mega restaurants spending 5+ million on the interior, but serving mediocre dishes, Little Fish is testament to the fact that its the food that counts.
My goodness.  
I'm pretty sure I've had one of the best meals I've ever eaten in Philly here at Little Fish.  As other yelpers have mentioned, the restaurant is super tiny.  But, I'm not sure food this delicious could be cooked in massive quantities, so I am cool with it.
The food here is so fresh that they don't have time to type up menus.  But again, I will gladly check out your chalkboard for food this good.
While the menu here is small, the dishes are absolutely awe inspiring.  First, we had scallops in coconut milk which were so delicious and unlike anything I've ever tasted.  For the main course, I had mackerel that was served with figs, string beans and some sort of magical sauce.  Simply amazing.  
In addition to the incredible food, the service was perfect, and it is a BYOB.  I strongly recommend getting on open table, making your reservation, and checking this place out ASAP!
Absolutely one of the best meals I've ever enjoyed in 4 years of restaurant exploring in Philadelphia! 

Ambiance:
Depending on your point of view, the space is either very cozy and romantic or too tiny for any sort of privacy. The pro is this is that we were literally two feet away from the open kitchen (which looks more like a bar) and it was really fascinating watching the chefs prepare your plates right in front of you. The con is obviously that the table next to us was no more than a foot away -- everything could be overheard. The menu is handwritten (a line of white-out and all), which is a very nice touch. 

Food:
The best part! Mostly stellar dishes. 
Bread service: rather standard baguette, would have preferred crispier crust. The chimichurri served with it was top-notch, however (I would personally have liked more parsley and less olive oil). 
To start, we shared the ceviche, with red snapper, avocado, pineapple, and red pepper foam. Cut into small pieces, the flavours all melted together very harmoniously, and the fish was amazingly tender, the smoothness complemented by the avocado and made bright by the acidity of the pineapple. Normally I'm not a fan of foam (overdone, rather pretentious gimmick most of the time), but the red pepper foam in this case actually gave it a bit of a kick that was well appreciated. Not sure why there were a couple loose leaves of Brussels sprouts on top though, that was a somewhat random addition. (4/5)
For our mains, we got the black cod and Tasmanian sea trout. The cod was incredibly smooth and rich, so tender throughout, but the best part was really how harmonious the whole dish came together -- the shiitake dashi broth is a perfect base, not too salty thank god. The seaweed, kelp, sesame furikake along with the perfectly soft-boiled egg just made it the perfect asian comfort food. The sea trout tasted very much like salmon, but with a milder flavour. This is arguably one of the most perfectly cooked pieces of fish I've ever had, and mind you I'm a fish FANATIC (my primary source of protein, not liking meats and allergic to shellfish) and have ridiculously high standards for fish. The trout had that coveted crispy skin on top that isn't too oily at all (I hate when fish is prepared with a bucket of oil, ie at Devons...), but the inside was pretty much medium rare, which is just the way I like my fish. In fact I might have liked it even better had it been just a tad more on the rare side... But that's just being nitpicky. The portion size was quite large-- definitely not a "little fish"! The Maitake added some salty umami to the fish, while the pea purée was fine but I didn't think it was anything special. The sunchoke pieces surprised me, tasted like roasted fingerling potatoes but with a deeper, more complex flavour that I liked. I especially really enjoyed how there were small pieces of trout tartare and a sprinkle of roe, so there's a great textural contrast between the cooked and the raw. (Cod 5/5, trout 5/5)
We shared the only option for dessert-- coconut tres-leches cake topped with lemon sorbet, sprinkled with pistachio, clementines, edible flower petals. Normally tres leches are way too sweet and heavy for me, but this cake had the ideal level of sweetness from the milk without being too heavy or dense or soggy. Could have been more coconutty though; the sorbet should also not have melted as fast as it did (I am a bit neurotic about not having to suffer desserts that melt too quickly, forcing you to  waste it, slurp up slush, or eat too fast). Otherwise a solid dessert, not too heavy or sweet (4/5). 

Service:
Waitress' attitude was nice, but not as friendly or warm as the atmosphere of the place suggests. Not obtrusive, didn't ask more than once about the food (which is great). Seemed a bit abrupt at times; we lingered a while at the end talking after dessert and got a not so subtle hint to pay the check and leave, but this is understandable given how tight the tables are. 

Overall, an incredible meal. One of the very best restaurants for fish in Philadelphia. Must-go.
What a fabulous little place! Name well suited! Selected this place for my boyfriend's birthday dinner and was totally impressed. The food was amazing and the service really personable. Other reviewers pin the size of this place as a problem, but it's just right. Call ahead for reservations and anticipate an intimate dining experience. The waitress was very sweet and we could smell our food cooking as we waited. No frills - great good. Definetly going back again and again. So glad we found little fish, it's one of our new favorite spots. Well done!
I must clarify that this restaurant deserves 5 stars simply for their food.  The reason I gave it a 4 stars is because there's room for improvement besides the food they serve.  This restaurant is fairly small which is pretty normal for some restaurants in Philadelphia; however, this was really the smallest restaurant I've ever been to.  Once you walk in, you will see a curtain forming a square that looks something like a Photo booth.  We made reservations for 8:15pm on new years eve, but did not get seated until 8:45pm.  The wait really wasn't that much of a problem, the problem was the host/waitress was not at all attentive to let us know when our table would be ready.  The curtain made it even more awkward when you have to constantly peep in to see if you can catch the waitress/hostess and find out when our table would be ready.  Half of the restaurant was basically the kitchen with a counter.  The whole restaurant can seat no more than 20 people.  The place could use some decor, it was mostly just a white wall.  It would be pleasing to the eye if some artworks were added.  The coat racks were placed in very inconvenient locations where people had to reach over other people to get their coats.  

Little Fish mainly serves fish/seafood; nothing else.  It is true when one restaurant specializes in one thing only, they should be EXPERTS at it and Little Fish really does perform when it comes to serving FISH.  We pretty much ordered most of the things available on the menu and everything was REALLY FANTASTIC!  The menu is handwritten, which I found very unique.  I started the meal with oysters (east coast and west coast).  These really were FRESH oysters, best I've ever tasted.  Every fish dish we ordered were FRESH, tasty, and flavorful.  The price of oysters and fish entrees were very pricey; however, you do pay for what you get.  I personally think it is worth the price.  They only had one dessert, chocolate cake hazelnut ice cream praline, the cake was rather dry; however the ice cream was delicious.  It's a good thing this place is BYOB; otherwise, a meal here would be very expensive.

Overall, I was happy to try this place and would definitely come back for their food.  I would probably rather come back during the summer because it wasn't pleasant to wait in that curtain Photo Booth.
I lucked out and got treated to this fantastic restaurant by a friend who got stood up trying to take a guy she was dating out for dinner on his birthday.  Unrelated story, but I got to reap the benefits of the shallow, fickle nature of relationships these days...
  Onto the experience.  The place is tiny, so a reservation is a must since it is also one of the best meals I have eaten in Philadelphia.  The place looks as though it might have been a sushi bar at some point since the kitchen is takes up one side of the small room and it is right there open for the diners to see.  Our seat was perfect.  It was the one away from the other tables and positioned in the left corner by the kitchen.  It was very unobtrusive and we got to see them building what turned into some very beautiful dishes.  My only mild criticism is the decor.  It kind of reminds of what Robert Wyland's dining room would look like.  I don't care so much for the intense aqua theme, but being a seafood spot.... I suppose it worked, and it is easily overlooked because of every other aspect.  
  I wish that I had written this right after eating so I could accurately describe our dishes, but this was a while ago so i can just say that we had three courses and every single one of them was near perfect.  The server was extremely friendly, prompt and knowledgable.  The menu is very small so it probably wasn't the most daunting task to memorize to perfection every ingredient in the dishes.  Don't take the small menu as a downside.  It is a definately a quality over quantity type of situation, and if you are worried about running out of options on repeat business, they run nightly specials so you don't have to keep getting the same five or six things.  
  This is one of the best places I can think of for a date.  It is a BYOB which I love.  I like shopping for some good wines before going to eat and being able to drink  a couple of bottles amongst friends without it costing over a hundred bucks.  The ambiance is nice (minus one point for underwater porno set wall decor).  The privacy is nice.  I don't really like eating in places where there are 500 other people stuffing there faces all around you or crying kids or obnoxious drunks.  You get none of that here. The plae is quiet, smells good, and is romantic.  It's a pretty sexy place.  The chef/owner has truly carved out his niche and mastered it.  I would recommend this palce to anyone looking for true dining experience that exceeds expectation.  My advice, though:  don't skimp on the experience.  The money you save by bringing your own wine should be put into getting something from all courses.  It gives you longer to talk in the great atmosphere and it offers a rollercoaster of amazing flavors from the chef.
I doubt I have much to add to the accolades already posted, but a great restaurant deserves to be applauded. 

Firstly, it's BYO, which is always a plus. There's also none of that annoying corkage fee business. 

We had the squid and squid ink pasta appetizer which was delicious. That pasta was perfectly cooked. Also, the garlicky sauce was so fantastic we mopped it all up with our bread. Appetizer number two was the lobster soup that had mushrooms, buttery foie gras and tofu. It came with an enormous whole lobster claw and was super tender!

Talk about extravagant ingredients, and we're only at appetizers. At this point everyone at the table was excited about the entrees. Pretty much all of use wanted the tuna or the stripped bass, so we ordered multiples and shared. Both ended up being surf and turfs.

The big eye tuna was a sublime medium rare, topped with pineapple cubes, and came on a bed of pork shoulder. Delicious. The stripped bass was perfectly seared with a crispy skin. This dish was over the top. It came with lobster, shaved truffles, braised fennel, amazingly tender veal.

Furthermore, the portions are huuuuuge! It's twice what you'd expect.

The only bump in the road was we had to wait 20 min out in the cold for our table to open up. We had a reservation but it's a tiny establishment. When other patrons arrive late, it throws them off. It's not their fault though. Service was friendly and excellent.

I'd definitely return, and that's saying a lot. I seldom return to the same restaurant because I'm always looking for new great places to try.
The appetizers and main courses were delicious--I got the sashimi on the block of salt--A+ for presentation, and A++++ for fresh fish. YUM. Boyfriend got the mussels, again, a huge win. Thai flavor, lemongrass broth, and the mussels were delicious and meaty. Of the two main courses, BF was the winner with the lobster risotto (they use a WHOLE lobster in it). 

Ambiance: adorable hole in the wall. Service, exemplary.

minus one star for desserts not compelling enough to actually order. Also, I'd come to this restaurant for the legendary Sunday price fixe again.
The food was outstanding. Perfectly cooked. Service was attentive cheerful and great.
My friends decided to take me out to Little Fish for my birthday and boy have I missed this place. If you're a fish lover, this place is necessary to try out. They have only a handful of appetizers and entrees every day which makes for delicious and super fresh fish dishes. 

My favorites were hands down the seared scallop with seared foie gras appetizer and my entree which was chicken fried soft crabs. I love soft shell crabs and this dish did not disappoint. 

The atmosphere is cozy, small and friendly. The staff was helpful and laid back at the same time.  My only cons are the prices. It's pretty expensive for what it is and the sizes of the dishes. That being said, it's a BYOB which always helps AND there's nothing else like it in Philly. 

All fish lovers, absolutely make it to Little Fish!
