Little Italy delivered a large plain pizza to my place last week and I've to admit it tasted as good as it looked.

Service 3-5/5
I ordered through Yelp but then remembered I wanted extra sauce, so I called them. The lady who answered the phone wasn't warm and friendly but English didn't seem to be her first language. She said my pizza was already in the oven and there was a lot of "hold on" going and and background discussion. In the end they granted my extra sauce "on top" request and it looked beautiful!

Delivery meh/5
The delivery person called to inform me they don't deliver to apartments and i needed to come down to the door. I wasn't thrilled but the tip was already on the bill (pre-tipping is counter intuitive if tipping is meant to reflect how good the service was) so i'd no choice. I promptly went down stairs to meet the delivery man but the pizza was already waiting for me on the front desk the box was sort of half open/ half closed and the pizza was lukewarm.

Food 5/5
Though I'd to reheat it, the pizza was delicious, i froze most of it and it reheats well too . In the end the pizza looked as delicious as it tasted and it arrived promptly. 

So if you call there don't expect warm and bubbly customer serve and if you don't mind reheating the pizza, this place it perfect and I've to admit they produce one of the better pizzas north of South Philadelphia (they are located on the north side of South Street).  And since I live north and over a mile west of the restaurant perhaps it is too much to expect a piping hot pizza.
Listen up Philly pizza haters, I've found the good stuff. Not only does Little Italy serve up my favorite slice, they also make my favorite cheesesteak. 

So, here goes: 

BEST PIZZA.

BEST CHEESESTEAK.

Yeah, I said it.
Let me be useful first: the pizza here is thin crust and you can order decent sized slices which run about $2.25. The place is on the smaller side and very informal.  A lot of the people in here were clearly stopping by for a quickie. It's still nicer than a lot of pizza places; I just wouldn't plan on throwing your Dad's surprise 60th birthday here. 

Now let me just love: I like my pizza a little greasy (so embarrassing to admit). And that's what this place is: just a little fatty pizza loving that cures Saturday morning hangovers or satisfies after a particularly long run.

The pizza has been consistently yum, the service nice and friendly... I can't complain. It's exactly what I want my pizza stop to be.
Crispy
Cheesy
Garlicky 
Large slices that can hold on their own.

What's everyone complaining about ?

I actually really liked my open slices here...  I tried an eggplant parm and a 4 cheese slice. 

 Cheese heads would love the latter--there was a fancy swiss I think on there, along with ricotta and a couple others.   Eggplant parm slice also had ricotta on the base, which gave it a nice lightness.  Enjoyed both.

I appreciated the dollops of sauce on both--the sauce here is, oh my goodness, SEASONED (unlike so many bland pizzeria bases out there). The right amount of salt and sugar, no bitterness, with a little fresh garlic.  

Much better than the typical cheap cardboard pizza joints.   Plus, the staff was very warm and friendly.  Bonus.

I can see myself,coming back for a quick, cheap, and satisfying bite.
A solid choice for pizza. Whether you're ordering slices or a pie, you'll get a perfect sauce-to-cheese ratio. Ok, it's a bit gooey, but that's because you're trying to stuff it in your face two seconds after it comes out of the oven. Easy tiger.

As a huge fan of white pizzas everywhere, they win my approval for their iteration. Most toppings are basic options -- like nice salty pepperoni --and they're better that way. Don't get too fancy with it: stick to plain cheese or just one topping and you can't go wrong. Order some garlic knots or mozzarella sticks on the side to please your fatty belly, like I do.

Delivery is smack around the 30 minute mark on average. No complaints there.
The food is pretty simple but solid, nothing fancy here.  It's a good deal for the portion size.  I've only ever ordered delivery and it's been cold and late (90+ minutes) each time so plan accordingly.
DONT ORDER FOOD HERE!!!

I never write bad reviews like this but I placed an order last night (08/16/15). I reside 1 mile from the restaurant and placed my order at 9:10pm. It said it would be here by 9:55pm I thought that was a bit long for a Sunday evening for only being a 7 minute drive but I was ok with it. 

10:00pm came and nothing showed up so I contacted Eat 24 which was the application I used to place the order and she told me after speaking to the restaurant the food was on it's way. I waited another 20 minutes and still no pizza so I called eat 24 again and canceled my order. 

I get a call about 10-15 minutes saying the pizza was here I told the driver I cancelled it but thank you anyway. I also said I thought it would be nice to get a courtesy call if you will be past the confirmed time you guys gave me. He said sorry was it was busy. He said I could have the pizza for free so I said ok as long as you won't get into trouble. 

I ordered a cheese pizza with extra cheese. Upon opening the pizza it had pepperoni on it and I'm a vegetarian so I couldn't even have any. I also asked them to use a hot bag when delivering my pizza and the driver didn't have the pizza in a hot bag at all. I put it under instructions. I don't know how this place is still in business. The pizza looked dry and old.

I'm from NYC where it's known that the best pizza is from there so I'm a pretty hard judge but fair but it looked like no love was put into it at all. I forgot to mention the restaurant did offer me a 10% discount off the food but I declined. I will never order from the place again and hope if your reading it you don't either.  They can't listen to simple instructions not only did it take an hour and a half or so for my ONE PIE to come but it was wrong, cold and looked horrible.
I am happy to make this place my 100th Yelp review!  They are so wonderful at Little Italy, and writing good reviews is much more fun than writing bad ones (sometimes!).

Anyway, my friends and I awaited their opening for months and were elated when we finally saw them open.  We went in for a free slice on opening day and were hooked immediately.  I've been in there a couple of times since, and it's always a good time.  Friendly workers, good pizza, lots of seating (indoor and outdoor!), and very close to my apartment.  I had been hoping for a new pizza place in the area, and Little Italy delivered!  Ooh, sorry about the pun.  I actually haven't had delivery from them, but I understand that they do deliver.  I will say, I'm afraid I'm going to start eating more pizza now, but I can't blame them for it.  I'm eager to try everything else on the menu!
DO NOT ORDER DELIVERY!!! I have walked in for slices here before and they are usually pretty good. However, I ordered delivery for the first time and it took an hour and 20 minutes. (I live 5 blocks away. Perhaps its my fault for being so lazy.) I called after an hour and the guy told me that the delivery driver "just left"....it still took 20 minutes after my call. My pizza was luke warm at best and tasted horrible. The wings were soggy and undercooked. Even the delivery guy felt bad when he eventually came...when I tried to tip him he guiltily said "If you want...you really don't have to." Honestly, you are WAY better off to order from Genarros a few blocks away...here is their number. (215) 545-0209

PS - I love pizza and can usually put away anything away. This was garbage. I honestly feel like they stole my money.
You know who makes a damn fine slice of pizza?  These guys.  I never went here for a long time because it looks pretty effing generic, and this IS Philadelphia, so I'm not generally that excited when I see a pizza place.  But since I am a cheap fatty, it was inevitable that I would eventually find my face pressed against the glass while I examined their pizza pies.

I forget what I had the first time here, but I found it quite tasty.  However, on subsequent visits I have been unable to resist the brightly colored Margherita pizza.  It is sooo goood.  And I generally think Margherita pizza is kind of blergh.  But the fresh mozzarella is quite sumptuous, and I even love the basil.  What actually brings the majic together is the crust, though.  It's where crunchy, chewy, and airy meet...and I want to go to there.  

Topping it off is the fact that they deliver, have a lovely dining area AND low low prices.  I'm withholding the final star because the employees, while lovely, are not hipster dirtbags.  I demand pizza served by dirtbags!!!
Don't F*dge with a sick & starving Ex New Yorkers GARLIC KNOTS!

Let me ask you a few questions...

1) Do you remember sharing a dorm room in college or your first apartment? 
2)  Do you also remember the feeling of returning back to your room/apt and on your walk/ride home all you can think about is the AMAZING LEFT OVERS from that #1 Italian Spot you have waiting for you in the fridge to ATTACK? 
3) Then..do you remember the BLOOD BOILING, "I'm going to STAB A B*TCH" feeling you got when you opened your fridge only to find out your roommate decided to HELP themselves!!!??

Well my friends, that is what the h*ck I feel like right now. But instead of a roommate stealing my Garlic Knots I just didn't get any put in my large take out bag (even when asked and charged). Lesson learned, always check bag (doh).

You see my friends, I have been sick & bedridden for over a month (reason why I have been MIA on Yelp lately). There are only a few things that can bring a smile to my face right now and that is #1 Episodes of Buffy The Vampire Slayer & #2 Garlic Knots. The main reason why I asked my husband to pick up food from this place is because EVERYONE RAVED about their Garlic Knots! I have been dreaming about and preparing myself for the tasty garlic explosion all day long. (sigh)

All in all it is understandable that sometimes things don't work out perfectly when ordering take out. Everyone has their busy day's and If I didn't live 15 blocks from Little Italy Pizza I would be more than happy to just return back and ask for my forgotten Garlic Knots.

POSITIVES....
- A decent all around Classic American Style Cheese Pizza (sauce is good)
- Good Chicken Caesar Salad
- Tasty Cannoli for Dessert!

Am I being a cranky & sick baby? Of Course!

Will I be back for those d*mn GARLIC KNOTS?! Darn' Skippy Fool! :)
I ordered delivery and they said it would take 30-45 minutes. An hour and 25 minutes later our pizza came with all the cheese shifted to the left of the pizza and it was cold. The French fries were even colder than the pizza. I can't even tell you how it tasted because it was like rubber when we reheated. We will not be ordering from here again.
This is now my go-to quickie lunch spot, without a doubt.  They first caught my eye because they are easily the cleanest, brightest, freshest looking pizza place in my neighborhood, and they kept my interest with some awesome, affordable food.

The margherita is the best bet, with whole leaves of fresh basil and gorgeous mozzarella rounds -- but get to it quickly at the lunchtime rush, because I've been there several times when it's been sold out.
Also, try any of their white slices, my favorite being the veggie with generous scoops of creamy ricotta.

For sandwiches and other non-pizza items, the word of the day is VALUE -- their portion sizes are gigantor.  I ordered a Spinach Roll, thinking I was going to get something about the size and shape of a cinnamon bun, and ended up with 2 full meals worth of cheesy-filled goodness.

My only quibble is with their basic cheese slice, that has a too-thick, too-crunchy crust, but many people would disagree -- very much a matter of personal taste, but just be aware of this if you prefer a fold-y, floppy cheese slice like yours truly.

Service is fast and no-nonsense, and they are great with takeout orders.  Just don't expect to use your credit card if your order comes to less than $5.00.  They also have some great seating, indoors and out, and a plasma tv.  WIN.
Thank God this place opened last year. I have been very frustrated trying to find decent pizza in the city. This establishment comes extremely close to my perfect pie, closer than everyone else. Pizza, in all of its elements, is simple but very easy to mess up. The dough here is great, toppings fresh and sauce is tasty. Employees are genuinely nice, a change. Delivery is super fast also, what a great place. 

How it should be done.
The best pizza in Center City. As close to Jersey-style pizza as you're going to find in this town.

The crust is a medium thickness, the sauce is good, and the cheese isn't overpowering.

The BBQ chicken and bacon/onion/ranch slices are incredible.

They are a bit on the pricey side - $2.43 for a plain slice and $12 for a small pie. 

If a good bagel place were to open up next to Little Italy (ha, good bagels in Philadelphia... I crack myself up), I'd have a reason to move to this side of town.
HORRIBLE customer service. Could not have been more disappointed. We ordered from here for the Super Bowl. We expected long delivery time due to the Super Bowl. We placed our order online and was told it would be 1-1.5 hours. Perfect!

After 2 hours passed we called and were told that they never received the order from Grub Hub and it would be another 45 minutes. They said it was a Grub Hub issue. Are you kidding me?!? We call Grub Hub and they said that the restaurant did receive the order and are just withholding it and didn't put the order together. 

We called the restaurant back after this and they told us the delivery driver left with the order. After another 45 minutes go by we call the restaurant again. We are now told the order has not been sent out yet. So we were lied to?!? We asked for a refund because it has now been 3 hours since we ordered. They would not give us one. They told us to call Grub Hub back and have them call the restaurant. So we did so and we ended up getting less than 50% of our order refunded.

Another 45 minutes go by and we call the restaurant 2 times to check the order. Finally our order came after 4 hours. 3 hours later then we were told. The Super Bowl was now just about over and we got less than 50% of our money back and could not cancel.

Absolutely HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. I will never order from here again and I will tell everyone I know to never order from here. Read the reviews below. Their customer service and delivery is horrible. They may have a 3rd party delivery with Grub Hub, but when you have all the complaints in the reviews below, orders not going through, and horrible customer service, then that is on you 100% to fix and is your issue at the restaurant. AVOID this place.
ok - so the margarita pizza is by far the most pure, unadulterated slice of pizza EVER. I went for my first trip on Saturday - it was cozy and warm, a nice crowd, the owners welcoming and attentive. The margarita - a thin crust with perfectly non-sweet sauce and ridiculous quality slices of fresh mozz, boasting fresh basil that tasted as if the man had run and picked sprigs out of the garden just moments before, 
i was obsessed. so, naturally, i returned on sunday.
MAH-RONE! no margarita! 
i had to order a full pie - YOU understand. 
I opted for the same, with added onions and mushrooms. 
should have stayed pure - the toppings only mask the integrity of the pie. 
no matter - delicious. 
i asked for an ultra thin crust  - he listened, and delivered. perfect. 
i brought the rest with me, and although i wanted to save it for my following breakfast and lunch, i couldn't resist sharing it so that i could share my newfound passion for this place. 
i made 3 more believers that sunday...
all touting a suprising "wow - WHERE is this place? this is the best i've had in philly yet" and, with the coziness, lack of bar crowd, and sweet big screen inside, you better believe this is my spot for upcoming football season. 
go to this place - you will be calling it your spot in no time.
I can't say this is the best pizza I've ever had. Is it good? Of course. I totally respect the price for the quality and size of the pizza but this is not exactly the best pizza in Philadelphia. I tend to prefer Joe's over near 16th & Walnut area and I also like Lorenzo and Son's on South Street.

That being said, I can't decide whether to hand these guys a three or four star rating. I think this is totally a place I would just want to come pick up a slice or get delivery. The interior is nothing out-of-the-ordinary and it isn't as accommodating as say other pizza shops.

I still got to try Slice, Marra's, Santucci's, and even Tacconnelli's before I can tell you what the best pizza in the city is.
When I go into philly I love trying new places. When I discovered this place I was pleasantly surprised. It's a nice environment, the staff was kind and vary helpful. The bathroom was clean and for customers only. The Stromboli was delicious and the hot wings crunchy and really good not like normal hot wings when you go to a small place..
Hidden gem! Most people working there are real Italians!
The spaghetti bolognese was a bit lack of favor (mostly sourness).
I did love the minestrone though especially with the chewy ditalini! It tasted like  my my granny's home made soup!
They also make pizza and slices!( ofcourse)
Delivery man asked for a tip before I had a chance to give.  Stayed in his car and handed me the delivery through the window. 

Food was decent.  Pasta with bolognese sauce was too greasy.  I'm as much a fan of grease as the next person but there was a layer of grease on top of the dish.  If the delivery guy weren't such a turnoff, this would have been a 4.5.
This clean, friendly pizza restaurant is a welcome addition to the 9th street corridor.  It's extremely family friendly to eat-in and they don't seem to mind the noise.  Pizza is good with nice sauce and cheese (although I like my crust a little thinner... but that's my only quibble).  Good salads, and also chicken parm and eggplant parm platters.  Generally doing a good business whenever I've been by and prompt delivery.
Although typically a starter, the pizza rolls were made to order, which I was informed of upon ordering, so I figured they would come out second. No problem, it was worth the wait. What is essentially a slice of sauce-less pizza rolled up and baked, was really quite good, as the dough at Little It's, is light and fluffy, yet very crisp and chewy. I really like the dough. The other thing they have going for them is the marinara. Fresh, light and packed with flavor, slightly sweet and slightly salty, it ended up being eaten with a spoon when the pepperoni roll was no more. That's how you know it's good. 

The fresh mushroom slice was next. Cheesy, yet not too greasy, the mushrooms didn't add a whole lot, as can be expected. Again, the crust is really good here, so its a better than average slice, especially in a city with thousands of pizza places and tens of edible ones. Also the pizza sauce was done well, like the marinara, it was sweet and salty, the perfect combination. 

When I saw the chicken, bacon, ranch slice, I knew what lay ahead of me, cholesterol be damned. Loaded with all three, there was no red sauce to be had. Just a delicious layer of ranch dressing to lubricate your gullet as the chicken, bacon and cheese snuck through. It was packed with toppings, packed with calories and packed with flavor. I would definitely order this one again next time I stop in.
When I needed a quick bite to eat before the latest addition of Beer N' Board Games options were looking slim due to a belated Septa train and the crazy tinge of cold limiting my path. of resolve. But fortunately I was able to channel a previous rendezvous with Gale S. and Chris "CrayCray Duke" R. which had me sampling Little Italy's incredible variety of slices a few years back. And Rachel T. thought that she was grossly overdue with her review!

But my first bite of EGGPLANT PARM DEEP DISH PIZZA (yup!) brought back more than a blast from the past as far as recognition is concerned. When it comes down to it one can't help but give a double stink eye to Lorenzo's, and utter a word of sympathy to Lazaro's. Because overall Little Italy adds up to being the best non-vegan (Hey Blackbird!) slice of pizza that you can get on a budget that's within the South Street proper. And it does that while offering more than a plethora of slice varieties to choose from.

Some slices come thin, while others come slightly fatter and more deep dish. Some slices have cheese and tomato sauce, while some come white; and others get the cheese removed altogether. And while most slices are available in the standard triangle form, others prove that its hip to be square! And one of those things that makes Little Italy so beautiful is the fact that its one of the few spots out there that allow so many styles of slice to live harmoniously together under one roof. While I was so tempted to relive the bites of bliss that were the traditional Margherita and sausage slices of my first visit, I felt the urge to go deep dish FTW! And that led to the aforementioned eggplant parm of glory, as well as a slice that tasted like it gave me ALL THE sausage and pepperoni! 

Add in amenities like homemade tiramisu on the go and you're dealing with all kinds of win!
"The Real Deal"

Little Italy Pizza is aptly named. You've got beefy, sweaty (not really) brick-built Italian men in the back, and the front, and the back, pounding and flipping dough like it's going out of style -- and given the rarity of seeing actual Italians in such places, you know it is.

They don't stray too far into fancy territory, which is fine by me. They stick to basics and they get them right. The dough: perfection. The sauce: total perfection! And the cheese: authentically yum.

I happen to like that gross combo of anchovies, olives, and onion (see pic), and theirs is without peer. Now granted you're not going to find green olives, or kalamata olives, or fair-trade olives, but you're getting a quality product of insane deliciousness. 

I especially credit Little Italy Pizza for knowing exactly how long to bake the vegetables on top. The onions, broccoli, green peppers ... always the exact right amount. ALWAYS. And trust me, I've had many, many servings...

If you're like me and would legally marry an eggplant parmgiana, if only they'd let us, this is your place. I know, it seems implausible: since when does a pizza place do decent eggplant parm? THIS PLACE DOES. Oooooweeeee, child, it's going on! (See pic.)

The stuffed shells are also nice, but not nearly as groundbreakingly perfect as the eggplant parm.

What seals the deal with Little Italy is the delivery service. Always polite and competent on the phone, always fast, the delivery guy is super nice, everything arrives correct and hot ... you just can't go wrong.

Now there ARE a few items I'm combining to knock off the fifth star. I probably should ignore these, if only because they're not essential to their core business, and really you need to be focusing on their pizza and eggplant parm. But anyway, pressing forward:

Don't get the tuna melt. I don't know why I thought this was a good idea. They use oil-packed tuna and no mayo. It's just a mess.

Pass on the italian sub. It's fine, not great, and it does to its credit come on a Sarcone (or Sarcone-like) roll. It's just not all that. But if it's late and THIS is what you must have, then by all means get it. 

Skip the cheesesteak pizza. It's a great novelty, but does not translate in a delicious way to the pizza format.

Maybe avoid the buffalo chicken pizza. Because the hot sauce is not great enough to be your entire pizza experience. And you will pay the price later from a GI perspective.

And now, I have some cold pizza leftovers to tackle...
I returned here yesterday after several months - a sad hiatus, indeed (dental problems had made my hand blender my new best friend...but man cannot live by pureed edibles alone...), so you can imagine my excitement as my dining companions and I decided upon a slice for our Sunday afternoon satiation.
         I had boasted the merit of Little Italy to my Yelping friends, who are as discerning in their palettes as I, and as we headed over I began to panic inside. What if so much time had gone by that there was a quality drop? Would the people behind the counter be different? And what if my friends left disappointed? 
           HA! Crisis averted - disappointment can go suck it! There will be none of THAT here.There WILL be, instead, much deliciousness, pizza perfection, and attention to quality of ingredients and method articulation that remains of the highest echelon. Translation: ORGASM IN MY SEAT.
          And that's what really top-notch cheese should do to you - incite ribbons of pleasure. So, as long as you're not embarrasssed to climax in public, get a slice here. If not, get takeout or delivery. They'll understand.
        But sitting there is part of the joy. These people WERE the same - same husband, brother, and wife. And they remembered me, were as hospitable as ever, and even had the same counterpeople as I remember. They keep their employees as loyal as their customers - and their treatment of people is so refreshing, so real, so inclusive, I feel compelled to change my Polish last name to an "-ilio" instead of a "cki". 
        I stand by my initital review. Very, VERY, satisfied.
.....oh yeah.
Tucked out of the way on 9th Street, just north of South Street, this little gem of a pizza shop is surprisingly good.  I took my family here today for lunch, right when they opened around 10.30am.

The pizza selection is fairly standard for a gourmet shop, but the quality of ingredients puts this place above the usual grease pit.  There was a nice white pizza with fresh veggies, veggie with red, a big hunks of green pepper pie, sausage and the standard pepperoni and plain.  All sold by the slice or the pie at standard philly prices.

The dough is a traditional recipe, tending more to the thin and crispy, rather than thick and bready, it serves as a nice neutral way to serve up the sauce and cheese. 

The sauce is thin and sweet, and the cheese it top quality salty stuff. It was the cheese that won me over, since many pizza joints in the city are settling for cheaper stuff these days.

The decor is especially nice, big comfy chairs and a plasma screen, with plenty of seating and room for strollers.  They did not cheap out on plastic chairs and furniture at this place, so you can sit in comfort while watching game shows.

$5 minimum on credit card purchase.
Fountain Sodas, some juice, 2 liters sold with delivery.
Delivery Service.
Worst delivery man experience ever- extremely argumentative and lazy. I live in a high rise building with ample free temporary parking. The delivery man called me and said he had the delivery in my lobby and when I asked him to bring it up, he said "I'm not a bike delivery man, I don't do that". There's ample parking and he says he didn't care he wasn't doing it. I then called the restaurant and they didn't seem to care, so I called Grubhub and they said the delivery man works for Little Italy. Also the food was 30mins late, past the quoted delivery time. I'll never order from here again.
I recently ordered really delicious take out from Little Italy which was a plesant surprise. I was not expecting their food to be anything special, but this will definitely be my new take-out place (they even already mailed me coupons!). We ordered the chicken caesar salad and Margarita pizza. The salad came with complimentary garlic knots which were really good. The salad was huge and easily split by 2 of us. The Margarita pizza had a really delicious, rich tomato sauce base. To make things better, their prices are extremely reasonable and their delivery was 20 minutes faster than I had anticipated! They sell by the slice, so I would definitely stop in here too for a no-fuss dinner.
I've gotta say, this is some good pizza. I went here once for some slices, wasn't terribly impressed. However, ordered delivery recently and was quite astonished at *good* pizza, that's a rare treat in these parts.

Will continue to investigate their pizza for consistent quality, as well as their other offerings.
DO NOT use the delivery service. I waited for 2 hours, calling every 15 minutes after the 60 minute expected delivery time. I got the same excuses and never received my food. It felt like a scam. Unbelievable.
Pizza by the slice is all I have had here....  Good sauce, good cheese, good in between crust, doughy but crunchy. I like it....great bbq chicken slice!

-only thing that keeps me from the five star is the $2.43 for plain chesse slice....  Really?  I am willing to spend money on food don't get me wrong but $2.43 for an average looking slice.  Make it even $2.00 and you get the fifth star.
This pizza hits every. single. spot that aches for the perfect dough, herb-y sauce, gooey dough and every topping you crave. Oh, I haven't even gotten to the garlic knots yet, those are the peas to your pizza pod- don't forget grab a side of sauce to dip them in! 

So why aren't you there yet?
The best pizza (margharita especially) in center city I've tried!
If you do delivery it will take 2 1/2 hours. It arrives cold. It's in microwave now. We did call and got put on hold and then hung up on. Half our guest left to ho eat. Embarrassing. But pizza was good.
1 star says it all.  Nothing else to say. Maybe they were having a bad day. This was for delivery service and the food.
So we went here because of all of the great reviews and we were not impressed (my boyfriend thinks it deserves two stars). The pizza wasn't bad, but it wasn't great, a little greasy. Unfortunately, I haven't had better in the city, which is a shame. The cheesesteak was not good at all, it tasted strange, like the mayo had been sitting around for a while. I really don't understand how everyone rates this place so highly, 13th street pizza and paolo's are just as good, if not better.
We got a large pepperoni pizza and chicken wings. The chicken wings were incredibly soggy, so much so that I joked they were boiled wings instead of fried. They were so awful we threw them in the trash. 

The pizza was okay but I am certainly not happy about wings. I don't know if it's a packaging issue or what, but it was inedible and ruined my impression of this restaurant.
As everyone says... beware of delivery. 

The delivery driver was horrible. I plainly wrote instructions on my grubhub order that we are a second floor business and there's a 20 minute loading zone out front for him to park. I have customers and can't come down. He calls screaming that he can't come up. I said it was fine and he can just refund my money. He then comes up to my shop screaming that he will never deliver to me again because he doesn't want a ticket. I said that was fine and I that gave him instructions-and they were on the sheet. He said he didn't read them?! Whatever. I called grubhub and said I just wanted my tip refunded(it was on the card). Owner calls back with a sob story but never refunded my tip. 

Fish sandwich was chopped up like it was for a toothless grandmother, and tasted like it had italian dressing on it rather than tartar sauce. Never again. Keep the $3 tip you stole as my lesson learned.
Yum.

Their chicken bacon ranch pizza is the bizzzzzoooommmmbbbbb. For $2.50, the taste and portion is totally worth it. Nom nom nom. 

Can't say anything about the other food, but I will be back for a feast in my mouth.
Alright, I gave this place another chance. The key to a great pizza here is ordering it WHOLE. The slices do not reheat so great. A fresh, hot, margherita pizza from Little Italy is probably the best you can find in the city. I would advise to opt for extra cheese on the margherita because it's a bit sparse, but it's worth it.
Has this business been sold in the last year?
I am shocked by their 
business ethic.
We loved this place , their  friendly accommodating service and great pizza. No more.
I was treated so rudely and asked if I could provide parking for a delivery driver! We ordered  5 pies and were hassled over providing parking for delivery. Maybe their having a bad day or they should consider relocating to the suburbs if their number one concern is parking in the city. Has anyone else experienced this change in customer service?
I love our community businesses and try to support them.
Okay, Okay....I know I said I was off my pizza kick but I think it is here to stay and so is ordering from Little Italy Pizza! My god this pizza has some great stuff going on read further for details.

The thing that is special about their pizza is the cheese just blends together in a perfect harmony when you bite into their pizza. The crust as werid as this sounds meshes perfectly with the cheese. I have had far better crusts but if you order from this place I doubt you will be disappointed. The crust is extremly soft but it is delicious pizza. I had three slices and my friend that dropped by tried one slice and ended up finishing the whole pie.

I recently tried Kosmo's in South Philly which is very similar but believe this is just a tad better.

The quest for the perfect pizza never ends my friends and I am glad I met Little Italy Pizza along the way!
Consistently good slices. Crispy, chewy crust w/ a very tasty sauce and generous amounts of cheese. They have a huge display of fresh made pies with which to choose from. Some slices are better than others. Wasn't too crazy about the Margarita. The plain, the eggplant ones were very nice. The best one I had was square and was a tomato pie I think. Thin crust so def wasn't Sicilian. 

Definitely worth checking out, and a place I frequent when in the area.Prices are reasonable; about $2.50 - $2.75. Found the staff to be friendly & helpful. You can sit in or out & they will bring your order to you.
When I think of really good pizza in the city, I think of Marra's, Stogie Joe's, Tacconelli's, Joe's, Zavino's, etc. After reading all the raving reviews, I ordered pizza from this place. It arrived in less than 30 minutes, but unfortunately the pizza was mediocre compared to the rest. Not sure what all the hype is about.
We ordered and the establishment stated the order would take an hour to be delivered. Two hours later the food arrived cold, with chewed gum in our salad. The establishment refused a refund and would not accept responsibility for the gum salad. What a horrible experience. I would not recommend not only because of the slow service, but because of their terrible customer service... or lack there of.
Decided to avoid the cold by staying in the hotel and ordering delivery.  Now that I've finished dinner, I fully regret not going down the street for McDonald's.  The food was below average and they made several mistakes:
- Half an hour after I placed my order (and paid), restaurant calls to tell me that they didn't have clam sauce for my pasta so I had to select a different dish.
- Delivery estimated for 45-60 minutes, but it took almost 1.5 hours
- No utensils or napkins were provided
- Ordered slice of Sicilian, but got cheese
- Tomato from my salad still had its stem

Very sad that this restaurant is leaving me a bad taste of Philly.
I must say that ever since I've lived in Philly I have lamented the somewhat lame state of pizza here, at least in my neighborhood. For this reason, and also because the name was a little cheesy/chain-y sounding, when Little Italy Pizza was opening up, I was skeptical, quite skeptical indeed. In fact it took me about a month to even give it a try. 

When I finally did, I was stumbling back home from happy hour somewhere along South St. when the drunk munchies hit me like a freight train freighting beer. I dragged myself into the nearest food establishment, which happened, luckily, to be Little Italy Pizza. I ordered 2 slices of pizza--one with chicken, bacon and ranch and one with spinach, tomato and ricotta cheese. Now, given my state I probably would have been fine eating a slice of uncooked Tombstone pizza I stole from a homeless man's cardboard box. But I remember the pizza being exceptionally good, so I made a drunk scribble on my hand to make sure I tried it again. 

I went back the next day and did a sober repeat of what I had the night before. Instantly I knew that this was my new pizza obsession. The crust is thin and crusty, the toppings are thick and cheesy, and the slices are very large for the price. This is GOOD, SOLID pizza. They heat it up perfectly, and they must have some powerhouse ovens because it takes almost no time at all. 

The place itself is also very clean and comfortable and the staff there is very friendly. The cooks in the back look like they're straight out of...well, the back of a pizza shop in Little Italy. Big screen TV hanging on the wall plays ESPN all day, so even when I go by myself it's a pleasurable dining experience.

Give this place a shot. Drunk, sober, with friends or family or even by yourself, you will be satisfied.
I'm from Chicago, but this is one tasty pizza. Perfect location because there always seems to be a meter-less 2 hour parking spot right across the street on 9th in between South and Lomard, and also great proximity to whole foods when you are SICK AND TIRED OF FLAVORED WATER and just need the sugary fix of a coca-cola without the judgement. 

The spinach/ricotta/fresh tomato pizza is a great pie when you don't want to feel like you're eating unhealthily. I usually go for ah extra slice of plain cheese to remind myself that I will never be on a diet. If you only feel like your bowels can handle one slice but think that will leave you hungry, instead of that second slice go for the $1.50 batch of 6 garlic knots which comes with marinara. If you're extra hungry, go for the broccoli and chicken pizza roll and save the pizza for the next day. 

Also, the staff is great. They passed no judgement when I ate lunch there by myself 4 days in a row.
Little Italy delivered oodles of pies (Plain cheese, mushroom and veggie) for a large block party I attended.  Very good pizza.  "Class" neapolitan pies - not too thin (not pizza-on-a-cracker) not too thick.

Very good.
I see there are a lot of great reviews on the pizza here...I would kind of agree with that. However, I also ordered the hot buffalo wings from them. What a mistake that was. How would I describe it??? I would say garbage. They were mushy and the skin had a weird texture. When you eat wings they are supposed to be crispy, not slimy.

The biggest complaint I would have though is when I called to let them know how dissatisfied I was with the order. I spoke to one guy who seemed so upset with the truth that he hung up on me. Then my friend called to let them know they should take the wings off the menu...they didn't like that either. In fact the manager called my friend back to yell at him and let him know just how great the wings are. My guess is he's delusional. 

In conclusion, the pizza here is pretty good, just save yourself the trouble of ordering wings from this place.
Great pasta dish. Fresh salad. Friendly greeting and service. My new pizza place. Leo makes you feel welcome each time you come in.  Foods always fresh and it fills you up. They have a few tables outside as well.
One of my favorite pizzerias in Philly is Little Italy Pizzeria, right off of South Street. Knowing that their pizza is on point, the GF and I decided to try their other menu items this time around. So we got on Grubhub and put in order. Once I realized you could order pizza by the slice though, naturally, I had to get a slice as well!

Cheese Steak ($6.50)
Beef, provolone, onions

But first, I decided to check out their cheese steak. The roll was soft and the beef was juicy - a nice iteration, but nothing that bowled me over. Unfortunately, there was not enough cheese interspersed throughout the cheese steak. Still, I ate it all. 

Eggplant Parmigiana ($6.75)

The seeded roll was really nice and there was plenty of eggplant, which was unfortunately a bit too mushy. The cheese was plentiful on this hero though and the marinara was subtly sweet.

Buffalo Chicken Pizza ($3.05)
Bacon

The aforementioned pizza. I don't know if there's an error with GrubHub or this is how Little Italy Pizzeria rolls, but when you order by the slice, you MUST add a topping (for an additional 30 cents). Somewhat annoying. In any case, the bacon I decided to add was on point - really crisp, fresh, and meaty. The chicken was juicy and pizza as a whole was slightly spicy - right on the lips.

4 Piece Chicken Fingers ($6.25) 

The GF was really in the mood for only chicken fingers, so we got some of those. The chicken was lightly battered, yet crisp, which was nice. The accompanying fries were deliciously creamy and well-fried. 

Mega Fries ($5.25)

Couldn't help but order these bad boys - especially when they're advertised as being 'mega.' And 'mega' they were. The fries were crisp, the bacon was meaty, and the cheese sauce was provided on the side, as requested. Amazingly perfect - to make sure I was at the gym for hours the next day.

Beer Battered Onion Rings ($3.75)

While the batter was sweet and malty, the onion rings didn't hold up well via delivery due to moisture-lock and thus, were soggy. The marinara was subtly sweet, with a hint of herbs. 

I know Little Italy Pizzeria makes great pizza, but I was happy to see that most of their other menu items are on point as well.
The pizza here is nothing fancy, but it gets the job done. The staff is very friendly and the prices are reasonable.

Pro tip: If you are looking to get garlic knots, ask them to cook them a little longer then usual so they come out hot v.s luke warm like they did for me.
Best. Pizza. Ever. 

I remember the day I moved to my new place, it was a crappy day, the movers were awful and I was hot, tired and hungry.  I new I was going to love this neighborhood when I headed into Little Italy Pizza for the first time. I got a large margherita pizza and lived on it for 2 days. YUM. 

Since then, I've had some of their other pizzas and their cannolis and everything has been delicious. Their slices are HUGE. The staff is so friendly and the service is fast. 

The only bad thing about this place is that it is one block away, making it too easy to feast on their delicious, but definitely not diet-friendly, food.
Ordered pizza, and it never showed. Called back to check on order and was hung up on repeatedly. Love their pie, hate their service.
This is one of our favorite pizza places in the city, and we're just thrilled that it opened up.  We've been there several times now, both eaten in and taken out.  I have found that a lot of pizza places in Philadelphia have not mastered the nuances of crust, but the crust of Little Italy's pizza is perfectly thin and crispy while retaining enough doughy-ness to fall ideally between thick/doughy and hard/crunchy.  You can also tell that the cheese is of good quality and not something cheap out of a ten pound plastic bag.  In addition to pizza they do your regular non-pizza pizza joint stuff: stromboli, pasta, hoagies and cheesesteaks.  The stromboli are huge, a really good size for the price, and the hoagies are served on nice traditional sesame seed rolls.  Among our favorites have been the stuffed spinach roll and the cheese steak wrap.  All three stromboli options (Italian, cheesesteak and veggie) have all been delicious.

Also, a MUST TRY is the eggplant or eggplant and zucchini pizza, something I never though I'd like but ended up LOVING as has everyone else I've been with who has tried it!
Came in for a quick lunch, impressed with the huge selection of pizza by the slice, which included the typical, traditional flavor, meatier ones and lots of vegetarian options. Nothing too overtop but great basic combos. They have mostly thin crust and a few deeper dish ones. Ordered the sausage pizza and they heat it up for you so the crust is toasty. Very fast. 

Pizza tasted great! Held the slice in my hand and it did not droop, perfect amount of tomato sauce, good amount of cheese that did not drag too much and lots of sausage bits (seems homemade or fresh with hints of oregano and spices). Toppings reached all the way to the edge of the crust, which was crunchy. I am not a crust eater but I did enjoy a few bites. 

Lots of seating room for single customers and large groups. Meager drink selection (soda, water). Great spot!
I'm really happy to have Little Italy in the neighborhood now. 

I've only had the pizza, but since they moved in I've eaten in, ordered out, and carried out pizza and garlic knots. Their pizza is great! They have a good balance of crisp crust and plenty of ingredients. Their toppings seem fresher than a lot of corner pizza places and the sauce has a great savoriness. 

The food is all affordable, about standard for the industry. Their interior is nice and clean, not a bad place to sit and have a slice. Most of the time I've been in there they've had international soccer matches on, so that's cool too.
Much to the chagrin of Jay-Z and Rhianna, who may run the town of New York, Italian superstars (cue Giuseppe Verde) fill the streets of Philadelphia with the beautiful operatic tones. Much to the chagrin of cultural aficionados, South Street is usually filled with the incongruent clamor of hipsters shouting at the PPA. Little Italy Pizza offers weary travelers a solace from the bustling bar mavens and ravens descending ravenously from the city's perimeter.

But what attracts one to Little Italy will not necessarily be what keeps one in its loving embrace. Like an Italian winery that produces sweet whites, succulent reds and fizzy pinks, Little Italy offers a variety of pizza slices (sandwich and other things too) that will appeal to even the pickiest bread and cheese mongers. Of particular surprise was that Little Italy didn't offer my beloved white slice, which left me to decide amongst a variety of red-sauce pieces. Opting for basic cheese, this South Philadelphian pizza was topped with a slightly sweet, just noticeably acidic zesty sauce that permeated through the layer of melted gooiness at just the right moments. In fact, never before have I been compelled to order an extra side of marinara just to cover in Parmesan cheese and spoon out of a small cup as if I were a child in Venice...or Kansas.

Little Italy's special pizza is also notable...after all, who wouldn't love caramelized onions, breadcrumbs and oodles of red sauce on a crust somewhere between thin and hand-tossed? Scrumptious? Yes. I think so.
Best pizza I've had in Philly, by a long shot.  Some of the best pizza I've had anywhere.

I recommend the plain cheese slice, the Sicilian, and the tomato pie.  All of these are heavenly.  Honestly, some of the best pizza I've had in my life.  The service is great, super super friendly, they'll even bring your slices to your table and entertain your kids while they're at it.
I may be a bit biased seeing as these guys are my neighbors (like right across the street neighbors). But having lived in the same apartment for 3+ years and seeing a vacant space across from me for quite a while, can you imagine my pure joy when this place moved in?

I mean pure. unadulterated. joy. The food is great. I don't just mean the pizza I mean the food, like all of it, always hits the spot, is always fresh and hot and quick. and the staff are friendly. Can this be in philly of all places? yes. it can. 

The pizza is fresh and delicious. They use quality ingredients and the crust is yummy (and I don't even like crust). The buffalo chicken pizza is like perfection. The staff is entertaining, and colorful. The ambiance inside isn't fantastic, but if you're just picking up food to go, or if it's warm they have outdoor seating- that's basically the best thing ever.

I would definitely check it out if you are around. The food is quality and in a city which claims to have no good pizza. this place definitely is looking to change that.
Little Italy is a top notch pizza joint in Philadelphia. I lived just a few steps away from their shop for a year, and was always extremely pleased with their selection and service. I've sampled most of the pizza in Center City and can say with good confidence that Little Italy is one of the best in Philly.
This place is pretty damn good. Delicious pizza. Great flavor, not too greasy. I got a chicken francese sandwich which was very solid. Fries were fine also. 

Delivery was fast and phone ordering was easy enough. 

I would probably give this place 4/4.5 stars actually if the price was right. The sandwich was 10 dollars. Pretty excessive for what it was. You could at least give me fries with it for that price. Or cheese, or any toppings. The pizza wasn't cheap either. So that's the only reason this place is getting 3 stars. 

If you don't mind the price order this all the time.
Best cheese and margarita pizzas in the city!!! The dough is chewy on the inside crispy on the outside. The pizza rolls are a delicious twist. The pizza dough and toppings are wrapped up like a croissant and sauce is on the side!  Good salads. Love that you can order via grubhub. I would have given 5 stars except the sandwiches and pastas are just average.  In fact the chicken parm sandwich was very dry and tasted terrible. Order pizza, pizza rolls, or a salad and you will never be disappointed.
I went to Little Italy off South Street for a quick lunch. There are a couple of them around but the one in South Street had a decent sized dining area. They  have very good pizza there for about $3 a slice for any  specialty pizza. I tried the BBQ chicken pizza which wasn't bad but nothing special wither and the and Buffalo chicken pizza which was very good. I especially like the hot sauce they use for this pizza. Some if their other pies also looked delicious and worth coming back again to try. My roommate raves about their salads here which I might have to try some time. Overall a very good pizza place in Philly.
Awesome for a small, quick slice to go. Ran in for a bite before going to the Magic Gardens. 

The pizza has a really crunchy crust, which meshed well with the ricotta on my pizza. Really friendly staff and the food comes out fast.
I walked by Little Italy Pizza this afternoon and decided to go in and get a menu since they are new in the neighborhood.  We decided to jump right in and try it right away.  
We ordered a Sicilian Pizza and an order of wings. 
The Pizza was absolutely wonderful.  Delicious and well cooked.  The wings were the breaded kind and we got the sauce on the side.  They were very good as well.
I am happy to have a good pizza place in the neighborhood.  They have several tables in the shop as well.
I definately recommend Little Italy Pizza and hope they remain in the area for a long time!
Last night, we placed an order through Grub Hub. After over an hour, my boyfriend called to ensure that it was on its way. The girl who answered told us that our order had already left and was on its way (we only live ten minutes from this place). 45 minutes later, we called Grub Hub to cancel and have our money refunded. Wish I could tell you how the food is, but we never got it. 

Seems pretty unbelievable that a place could have so many "didn't even get my food" reviews and still be in business. Really, just don't bother.
Best pizza in the neighborhood by far!  You have to try the vodka sauce....AMAZING.
The pizza is good.   They have never heard of customer service.  The delivery person swore at me and aggressively shoved the pizza at me after refusing to deliver to my door.   I'm sorry but if i pay a delivery fee AND a tip, i expect my food to be delivered to me.  I guess I'm the one with unrealistic views.....
I ordered takeout one rainy weeknight after getting home late and not feeling like cooking. The delivery took almost exactly an hour- which I expected since it was raining. I ordered the honey hot wings and a cheese steak. The wings were pretty good, not the best I've had but had good flavor. They were spicy but had a little sweet kick to them and the wings didn't have a ton of fat on them like you find at some pizza places. The cheese steak was a big disappointment though. When I first opened the box I thought it was just a roll, that's how little meat there was in the sandwich. It didn't have much flavor and only a small portion had any cheese. I ended up throwing half the sandwich out because it wasn't worth it.
Excellent east coast style pizza.  Got half pepperoni and half mushroom.  Small pizza shop with seating for 30.  Delightful staff and women who took my order reminded me of one of my sweet Italian aunts...Checkng in if we needed anything else.  Pizza was great, the kind you fold in half and eat.
The food is good.

But the 30-40 minute delivery estimate (on a  sunday night) has been and hour and a half so far, and I'm still waiting. That's pretty bad, right?

I can wait this long and get a much better pie from francoluigi's.
The Italian Market closes early. This place is open late and ever thing is well priced and great quality.
Food is good, delivery is frustratingly slow and the "customer service" is basically nonexistent. Lady on the phone was very rude
This is a great neighborhood pizza place: quality food, friendly (family) staff, plenty of nice seating. The pies and slices are delicious.  Their sauce and cheese have a great balance of sweet and savory.  The crust has a good snap to it.  An excellent addition to the Philly pizza scene.
Love love love the spinach ricotta pizza.  That's definitely my favorite, but everything that I've tried here is really good (can only speak to pizza though- haven't tried other dishes there yet).  I didn't think I'd like the margherita pizza since I'm a big fan of pizza with a little sauce and a ton of cheese, and they make their magherita with sauce all over and the cheese only in globs throughout (globs is really not a good word but it's the best I can do at this late hour on minimal sleep), but it's really flavorful and perfect if you want something a little lighter.  Also they have really great garlic knots, and the prices are definitely reasonable.  

The people who work there are always friendly too- they even let me come in and order takeout holding my dog, which they seriously didn't have to do.   This place is less than 2 blocks from me, and has basically become my go-to pizza place (although NYC Pizza at 12th and Walnut is still probably my favorite style of pizza in this area- bring on the cheese!).  I'd definitely recommend this place for those of you in the neighborhood!
Ordered a pizzaz pizza, probably the most artificially made crap I've ever ordered and expensive too. 

I don't recommend buying from this place it's crap pizza.
Let me start by saying that this is a pizza place, it's funny when other yelp reviews complain about the hoagies or pasta dishes. Go to a full on Italian restaurant for some pasta.

The pizza is fresh and the customer service very friendly. I usually order the buffalo chicken pizza and my fiance gets the Texas ranch. The prices are super cheap and if you want a quick bite, this is a great place to go.
Thank god for Little Italy Pizza! It's one of the only places that reminds me of real NY pizza (I speak from experience here, as an Italian native New Yorker). Little Italy provides you with a solid, foldable, slice - good sauce, and appropriate sauce: cheese ratio. I get delivery from them all the time and it's very tasty, but picking up a slice at the counter is even better- they throw it in the oven and it gets crispy on the bottom. So good. I've also gotten a bunch of the sandwiches - and they have not disappointed so far. The ingredients actually taste fresh- like peppers, mushrooms, and chicken - as opposed to other local pizza shops, that provide you with a fried up mess of goo. Hurray for a new addition to the neighborhood.
DELIVERY BEWARE!! After reading other reviews, this place doesn't understand how delivery works. I ordered 1 large pizza for delivery. Was told a half hour. Over an hour passed and I had to call them to cancel the order. I was told the driver was on the way, but the person on the other end hadn't asked me which order was mine at this point, so he was just telling me this to try to defuse the situation. 

Asked to just cancel the order and get a refund. He took my credit card info (now for a second time).  Not sure if I will get my refund or not. Won't order here again.
Solid food at good prices.

Growing up outside of NYC and delivering pizza during summers has made me a bit of a pizza snob.  I take pizza seriously.

By Philly standards, this place delivers.  The pizza is really good.  The eggplant parm sandwiches are also really tasty.  

Of the options in the area, this place stands out.  The food is solid and the prices are reasonable.  Also, the employees are really nice.  One of my first times at Little Italy, I was searching through my pockets for an extra dollar to pay in full.  Before I could even finish my search, they told me not worry about it and charged me less.  Such service is rare.

Little Italy is definitely worth a try.
Little Italy Pizza is my new habit on my frequent trips to Philadelphia. I live in Ohio and have had great pizza all over the world. But the standard remains my hometown memory of Marciano's pizza in Scranton, PA. Regrettably, Marciano's is no more but the pizza lives on at Little Italy. I've gotten to know the young, friendly and hard-working staff. Leo, a co-owner, has a smile and a knowing hello for his regulars and he extends them to all. 
My favorite? Hard to choose but I gravitate to the Neapolitan thin crust cheese pizza with extra oregano. Mr. Marciano's ghost would be very pleased. The family has tried most of the menu ... the pizza crust is thin and excellent, the bread for grinders as good as it gets. Everything is fresh, the place busy but not ridiculously so like some cheesesteak places down the block. The pizza by the slice is a great deal ... we argue whether the sliced-pizza is somehow better than the entire pie. You can decide. If you try Little Italy, ask Leo for the thin crust cheese pizza and have him add the extra oregano. Tell him the bald guy from out of town sent you.
I can't comment on the quality of the pizza because it never actually made it into the oven, or as the manager told us, was given to someone else.

It would be an amazing coincidence for someone to have my name and order the same exact thing (name isn't too common - and the pizza was a mix of various toppings - nothing basic).  Possible? Yes. Probable? Highly doubtful.

So after going to pick up the pizza, we were told that it was given to someone else (we ordered it 30 minutes before getting there), and that to make up for the inconvenience, we could take a drink from the cooler.  A bottle of water or soda that is incredibly marked-up? No thanks.  Admit the mistake - you just forgot to make the pizza during the rush.  Also, don't give me my money back and not make the pizza.  Ideally, the best customer service would have been an apology, my money back for the inconvenience, and the pizza we ordered.  Apparently someone else got a free pizza, so why not give one to the person who already paid you (if, in fact, that pizza was actually made)?  That being said, I would have simply appreciated an apology and the pizza.  Though we live around the corner, we will definitely be taking our business elsewhere.
This pizza is one of my favorites in Philly.  They have quick delivery and great flavor.  The crust is perfect and the sauce not overwhelming.  a great pie.
It's good pizza the cooks are gruff looking old Italian dudes which lends some authentic flavor to an otherwise sterile location.

Some gripes: 
(1) Don't make the pizza by the slice so long in advance so that it drys up when on display.  I've had a fresh made pizza and a slice off the display and it's night and day.  
(2) Clean the tables and chairs, they are often dirty. 
(3) The stinky hippie girl with the dreads behind the counter - please shower and wear deodorant.  I really appreciate your need to pursue an alternative lifestyle, but your pit aroma is harshing my munch-mellow.
I live only a few doors down from Little Italy Pizza, so I am very happy to have such good pizza only steps away.  Pizza being my idea of nature's perfect food, I stop in several times a week. The owners are friendly and the pizza is great; crisp, flavorful crust, way above average tomato sauce and tasty, well prepared toppings. When I call ahead for any of their other menu items, they're always ready in 15 minutes or less. I'm working my way through the entire menu, and have yet to order anything that isn't great (I recommend the chicken parmigiana - bellissima!). Thanks Little Italy, for doing such a good job!
Not only do I ALWAYS have a great, friendly,  personable at Little Italy, but they also cater to my celiac's.  They are always so kind and I feel that they are constantly trying to make my experience a comfortable and great one. Love this little gem and can't wait to continue my patronage!
Ordered from here a few time but never again. My large pepperoni pizza had rancid pepperoni on it. Totally disgusting. With all the pizza places in the area, I'll choose  a place that uses fresh ingredients.
Went there for slices to dine in and had the best pizza yet in Philadelphia! The tomato pie especially was outstanding. The staff were remarkably friendly as well, which was a pleasant surprise. Since eating in I have ordered delivery once -- still delicious, but not quite as remarkable. But then I tend to think pizza kind of gains a lot but sitting on the counter for a few hours and then going back into the oven for a couple of minutes.

Interestingly, I just realized that I got delivery from this place once before like a year ago, thought it was awful, then completely forgot about it. Judging from my two very positive experiences since then either something has changed or, more likely, they were just having an off day back that first time or something.
Awesome pizza and so affordable by the slice, top that with a really hot italian guy behind the cashier today, #delish #myitalianpapi, no wonder this place is packing.
Little Italy is my default pizza joint in the area. Mostly because the pizza is so good. Pizza anywhere is an iffy prospect, but this place does it well. Their hoagies, chicken strips, and fries are also good. The staff is always friendly and the wait is never long. It's convenient to me, but that's not important - I've had pizza places close to me that I  couldn't fathom eating from again. Little Italy does it right; for late night south street eats it can't be beat.
My go to delivery pizza place. Their Sicilian and Quattro Fromaggio pizzas are my two favorites. Perfect cheese:sauce ratio. Prompt delivery. Great service.
Super fast delivery. Ordered a large two topping pie and garlic knots and was not expecting anything out of the ordinary. Oh contraire! I was incredibly pleased with the arrangement of toppings, which were not sparse, as well as the temp of the pie. Flavor was on point! Delicious all around. I'm absolutely ordering from here again.
Last night, we ordered a large margarita pizza, a pesto pizza (a white chicken pizza with pesto and roasted red peppers) and a prima-mixta salad (mixed greens, sun dried tomatoes, onion, feta cheese and balsamic dressing on the salad.) The salad was much better than most salads that I have ordered from pizza joints (not that I should be surprised I guess because pizza joints should be experts at pizza). But sometimes you just can't decide between a pizza and salad and need both. The salad for $7.50 was a meal in itself. I actually liked the balsamic dressing- it was slightly sweet which just added to the flavor and is pretty thick for a balsamic but still very tasty. 

The sauce on the margarita pizza was very good but the fresh mozzarella was used more sparingly than what I am used to for margarita pizza. The pizzas were good but I was not blown away. The chicken pesto pizza was greasier than I like and had a lot of oil on it. The peppers on the pesto pizza was delicious and the pesto wasn't overly powerful and just about right. I had leftovers for breakfast and I think I may actually like the pesto pizza even more the next day right out of the fridge. I am really struggling between giving this place 3 and 4 stars. Prices are pretty standard. It isn't my favorite tasting pizza in Philly but I know that I will order from here again simply because of the fact that they take credit cards unlike many other delivery places in the area. I am going to give it a 4 vs a 3 star simply for the fact that the delivery man was quick and nice and they took credit card and even allowed us to tip on the card.

Likes:
- Quick delivery
- Accepts credit card
- Large menu

Dislikes:
- Little greasier than I like
I order the pizza for delivery.. it got here in about 45 minutes.. I was excited to bite into it after seeing so many yelper ... YELPING about it..
the delivery guy called me when he was downstairs in the lobby .. i went right down got it.. I orders  the medium pizza /peperoni w/ half with onions on it..w/ 2  20oz Cokes. .  I didn't know how much it was because the guy didnt give me a total on the phone..  Well the total was 17.76 ... wow that was expensive .. but anyways I was excited to eat it. and i was starving .. When I got it upstairs.. open the box.. it looked good.. but  it was not that hot.. maybe the distance for them to get it here maybe it cooled off.. 

Ok lets get to the taste of the pizza..... it was eh EH...  just ok.. taste like any pizza stand pizza in NYC ... the crust was pretty good.. So all in all it was just ok..  but pricey..
the delivery was pretty fast but the pizza was only so-so. Nothing special. Mama palmas doesn't deliver but the quality is ten times what I got from this place. I won't order this again...
Aside from being great people, lets just cut to the chase:

BEST PIZZA IN CENTER CITY PHILADELPHIA.

Oh, wait, one more thing:

BEST GARLIC ROLLS IN CENTER CITY

Enough Said.
Just ordered from little Italy pizza for the first time and got delivery. The pizza was definitely put sideways because it looked like a total mess. And the kid on the phone that took my order was kind of rude.
