I was very pleasantly surprised by my experience at Lloyd a couple weeks ago. I expected the bar to be dark and divey, but the atmosphere was definitely more in the style of an upscale gastropub. The happy hour runs from 5-8 (amazing) and I really enjoyed the cocktail of the day, the Americano, which our server described as a lighter twist on a negroni. 

The food menu is pretty short and sweet but probably has something for everyone. I went with the burger, cooked medium. It came out prepared as requested and the beef was super juicy, but I thought it was lacking in seasoning. It was an okay burger but I'd probably try something else next time. 

Service was great - attentive and friendly. Looking forward to more visits!
Lloyd is quickly becoming one of my favorite places to hang out in Fishtown. I have had a few of their appetizers and have also been one night for a whiskey and pork pairing event featuring Brooklyn Brewery, but mainly I come to drink and enjoy the atmosphere. Their customer service is top-notch. Whenever I walk in, no matter how busy the place is, someone seemingly appears from nowhere to seat me, whether at a table or at the bar. Once seated, I never have to wait long for another drink or even a refill on my water.

I'm more of a beer drinker myself and would love it if they had a more expansive draft list to choose from, but I always find something I like in what they do have. My partner is a whiskey drinker so he's never lacking in choices here. They also know their stuff when it comes to cocktails and you can tell they take pains to make sure a drink is made correctly.

We usually show up on the later side of things and Lloyd can get somewhat crowded on weekend nights, but I've always been comfortable no matter the size of the crowd. The atmosphere is what puts Lloyd over the top for me; I love the music and the classy, understated decor. Some of the other whiskey bars in the city can be a little over the top for my taste. Lloyd gets it right in my opinion.
Lloyd is my new favorite bar in Fishtown... and all of Philadelphia for the matter. With its cozy atmosphere, cool background music, and great friendly service, I've already become a regular in just the first couple weeks this bar has been open. From the food to the cocktails, Lloyd knows what they're doing and they are doing it right! This bar is just what the neighborhood needed and it will be a hotspot for locals and visitors alike for a long time!

Here's what I've tried so far:

The Food:
Texas Tommy- This delicious and decadent hot dog is served smothered in cheese sauce, wrapped in bacon, and topped off with bourbon soaked bacon. Maybe the best hot dog I've ever had. I could eat these things all night!

Lloyd Burger- I order my burgers medium rare and this one came out perfectly. As the menu states, they use a special house blend of beef, muenster cheese, pickled onion, lettuce, tomato, on a brioche bun. Delicious! It also comes with awesome fries.

Goldfish-Crusted Mac & Cheese- Creamy cheesy goodness. Can't go wrong with this dish!

Green Tomato Grilled Cheese- Provolone, gruyere, and muenster cheese on sourdough. Grilled just right and served with a field green salad.

Crispy Fried Deviled Eggs- The caper aioli is the perfect accompaniment for this tasty appetizer.

Desserts: I've tried both the rice pudding and the bread pudding. Each are a perfect way to end you meal (unless you'd prefer another whiskey!).

The Cocktails:
I can honestly say Lloyd served up the best Manhattan and Old Fashioned I've ever had! The happy hour is from 5-7pm and some of their cocktails and beers are on special. I recommend the Jack & Wendy and The Overlook (simply because I'm a huge fan of The Shining). I hope one day I'll find a "Delbert Grady" on the cocktail menu.  Looking for something quick and easy? Go with "The Lloyd", only $5 for a can of Miller High Life and a shot of Old Grand Dad.

With dozens of bourbons, ryes, Irish Whiskey, and Scotch Whisky on the menu, you can't go wrong. Whiskey isn't your thing? No problem! Lloyd has plenty of beers, wines and other spirits to loosen up your inhibitions. 

As you can tell, I've been sampling a lot of the menu and haven't been disappointed yet. I'm looking forward to trying the chicken po' boy, the beef stew, and BBQ turkey meatloaf in the near future. 

"I like ya Lloyd, I've always liked ya. The best damn bar from Timbuktu to Portland, Maine...or Portland, Oregon for that matter." -Jack Torrence, The Shining
Lloyd is a whiskey bar, and its selection does not disappoint. You can sit at the bar and try various whiskeys neat all night. The bartenders are knowledgeable and always able to recommend something great. If whiskey isn't your style, you can always go with a tasty cocktail, because Lloyd has a great selection of these as well.

If you're planning to drink the night away at Lloyd's, I recommend having some food as well. Get the crispy duck things - in fact, get two orders, because you won't want to stop eating them, and don't even think about sharing with a friend. They're like spicy buffalo wings, but duck, and they are crispy and hot and absolutely delicious. Just writing about them now is making my mouth water.

Lloyd's recently hosted the Burger Club, and provided several delicious burger options. The lamb burger was delicious, tender, and very unique in flavor. They struggled a little with timing despite knowing ahead of time how many people would be coming, but they made up for it with delicious food and extending the happy hour so we could continue imbibing in cocktails and, of course, whiskey.
I came to Lloyd on vacation while visiting my fiance.  We ended up hopping around to several different places in Fishtown, but Lloyd was the best!  We ended up staying there for the rest of the night.  The atmosphere was very relaxed, the service from the bartenders was great, and the cocktails and food were amazing!

We tried the fried deviled eggs, french onion soup, and a bacon cheeseburger.  All of it was delicious.  I left feeling very full, but still wanting more of those yummy deviled eggs.  

The drinks were very unique and tasty.  I tried the Jack and Wendy, Pear Hinny, and The True Knot.  My fiance always enjoys the Jack and Wendy and Manhattan.   

I definitely plan to come back to Lloyd whenever visiting Philadelphia.
I was plenty impressed with Llyod.  We walked in with a monstrous group and the staff was able to accommodate us, get drinks into our hands quickly, and get us some food.  They were also super friendly while doing so.

I tried a couple of cocktails, and all were very well made and inventive.  The Jack and Wendy was a sweeter drink made with bourbon, vermouth and apricot.  It had a nice frothy texture to it.  I think the other one that I tried was the Overlook, which I would describe as a variation on a Manhattan.  I liked this even better than the Jake and Wendy.

I ate one of the fried deviled eggs.  These are terrific, especially the way the yolk mixes with the crisp on the outside.  I would absolutely recommend them.

I tried my first frog leg here.  I would describe it as... watery.  I was surprised how much liquid came out as I bit into it.  It wasn't my favorite, but I'll be trying them again.  Llyod gets points for even having frog legs.
The tastes of The Franklin Mortgage & Investment Co and Hop Sing Laundromat without the pretentiousness that comes with them (mind you I like that from time to time).  Lloyd's offers a solid selection of whiskey drinks and your standard bar fair as well.  Friendly bartenders willing to make real recommendations, and not just the highest priced drink on the menu, adds to the experience as well.  Oh, and unlike those other two bars, you can actually stand around here!

I started with "The Lloyd", Lloyd's take on the city wide - a can of Miller High Life with a shot of Old Grand Dad.  At $5, it seems a good way to start... and finish.
Picked this place as a Date Night destination and LOVED everything about it!- was greeted by Scott (one of the owners), excellent drinks and whiskey flight served by  bartenders who were friendly and took their time instead of throwing booze on a glass and walking away, the music was a great mix that seemed like a perfect blend of head bobbing and chill and the food was amazing! Can't wait to go back!
Lloyd happens to be my middle name... so I'm admittedly partial to this place.  But Lloyd didn't turn out to require that bias.  We spent two hours at this warm, dark wood haven on a cold night, and it was cozy, comfortable and very pleasant.

As soon as I walked in I said "this place seems like it's going to serve a solid pate."  And lo and behold, a delicious jar of goose liver and bacon mousse with apricot was soon in my belly.  Sadly it was a special, but hopefully it's there frequently.

Next up: breaded, deep-fried deviled eggs.  Why has no one thought of this before?  Something new, but still familiar and cozy.  

Something we didn't order (but one day will) is the Texas Tommy (pretty sure that's the name) which is a hot dog, wrapped in bacon, covered in the bechamel they use in their goldfish-crusted mac and cheese.  These are apparently $3 each at happy hour, heads up!

The whiskey list is solid, though I was a bit disappointed to find that, as with most whiskey bars in Philly they focus more on bourbons than Scotch, and didn't have any real rarities I might find in my own cabinet.

And then of course there was the service.  We sat at the bar and as it turns out our bartender was actually the owner, and the lady behind the bar was his wife!  We learned a bit more about the space (decorated with art from the owner's childhood living room) and the name, and generally had a very comfortable, nice time.  I will definitely be back at Lloyd this winter.
Never coming back here again.

Went with 2 friends last night. I wasn't really feeling like drinking cuz I don't like drinking alcohol in the heat, and I'm also not a big fan of whiskey/bourbon/scotch etc. My friends ordered a lot to drink and got pretty tipsy.

Thank goodness I stayed sober. Because basically, the waiter tried to rip us off...

When the bill came, it was $118 total.  One of my friends said she was a bit short, financially, and didn't mean to order so many drinks, so even tho I got lemonade I offered to chip in $20.  My other friend only had $40 in cash. So we figured out that $118-40-20=$58, and my friend said she could pay that.

So we explained to the waiter...we apologized, but we had to divide the bill up in a somewhat complicated fashion. However, he totally understood, and repeated back to us. Take off the $40 cash from the $118. Charge $20 on my card, then the rest on my friend's card. He understood this--everything was to go TOWARDS THE BILL.

So when he brought our credit card receipts back, my friend checks hers..and they charged her $98 on her card!!!

Now, my friends might have been a little drunk, but they COULD STILL DO MATH.

It did not add up.

So my friend went to go see why her card was charge $98. She came back still confused-obviously they did not help her resolve the issue. So *I* went up and explained that we gave the waiter $40 in cash, I put in $20, so with a $118 bill, my friend's card should only have been charged $58.

They talked to the waiter. Came back and said, "the waiter thought the 40 was for him."

That did not sit well with me, but I wasn't going to raise a fuss about it..however I KNEW that was a lie, because he stood there and repeated back to us exactly how the cards were to be charged, and repeated back that the $40 WAS TO GO TOWARDS THE BILL.

We were going to figure out the tip once we got the receipts back.

So, they took my friend's card back and wiped out the $98 and charged her only $58 AS THEY SHOULD HAVE DONE IN THE FIRST PLACE.

After that, I was kinda p*ssed and didn't really think about the tip...I guess my friends were too tipsy to figure out what to tip, but my friend who they originally tried to extort for that extra $40 left a $5 tip. As we were starting to leave, some guy came over to the table and got mad because we had only left a $5 tip.

Once again, I held my tongue and did not say "WELL YOUR WAITER TRIED TO RIP OFF MY FRIEND."  But my other friends were pretty incredulous that a bar worker would give someone grief about a bad tip. I mean, REALLY? I have never in my life had something like that happen. Then again, no waiter has ever tried to rip me or my friends off before.

At first they started to put down way too much money but no way did that waiter deserve more than a 20 pct tip, after what he did. So I figured out what 20 pct was, and we left.

This morning I woke up really perturbed about this whole thing, which is why I'm writing this review first thing. I hope the manager sees this. That way I won't have to bother calling later to complain.

But yeah..totally shoddy treatment of your customers. I guess the waiter forgot they had one sober friend with them.I hope this bar doesn't make it a habit of ripping off people because they're drunk.
Last Friday I decided to try something new, and ended up at Lloyd. I was pleased from the beginning when I found out that their weekday happy hour ends at 8- hello, an extra hour of drink specials! My date and I split an order of crispy deviled eggs which were amazing... I don't even like deviled eggs, but trust me, you have to try them. I ate a quinoa / fall vegetable dish which was full of flavor and variety. My date tried the burger and he said it was great. I especially liked the decor- it was intimate and cozy. I'm looking forward to returning and trying more items!
The service here is just incredible. I was always a little shy asking what whiskies to try.....its a whiskey bar filled with whiskey fans. I didnt be made fun of!

But nope. The bartender, Scott I believe his name was, told me about the flights. He said if I was a newbie, the flights wouldnt be that great for me and made me a custom flight. And it was perfect. I now know exactly what to get and what style I like. Scott was also there any time my glass was empty....even when the bar got packed, he was on top of ever drink order with the quickness. 

Oh, and get food. Anything you get here is awesome.
Welcome to the neighborhood, so glad you're finally open!  I've been driving by those ugly closed metal gates for far too long. 

The cocktails are yummy and well crafted, especially the coal-car, they  have three whiskey based craft cocktails, with a few gin and vodka drinks for non-whiskey drinkers.  Their whiskey list is extensive and the beer list was well picked. the menu is drool worthy--every appetizer is vegetarian friendly (fried deviled eggs, mac and cheese with goldfish crust, fried green tomatoes, etc.) with one veg friendly grilled cheese and green tomato sandwich, a few sandwiches and mains for the meat eaters too. 

Decor is adorable and kitschy and The Shining theme with the name and drink names really makes me smile. The lighting makes the place feel really sexy and a little secretive. I do wish they'd removed that drop ceiling, kitsch only goes so far. I predict I'll be walking the short two blocks to get to Lloyd quite often.
Ever since I heard that Lloyd Whiskey Bar was set to move into the previous location of a spot that failed to be saved by Kitchen Nightmares, I became psyched about what I read and was ready to give it a shot. After all whiskey, a well rounded beer menu, and burgers are some of my favorite things; and Lloyd stacks them all very effectively. It took awhile, but when I found out that Burger of the Month Club was having its August event here, it finally became time for me to give it a shot; and despite having some reasonable hiccups due to serving a group of our ginormous size, it delivered some great results.

Since they were awesome enough to extend happy hour to us the first time as a group welcome (and the awesome 2nd time to compensate for the long burger wait that was happening as a result of our size), beer was what I primarily stuck with over whiskey. Although it was also partly because I couldn't figure out why a whiskey bar featured a rum filled daiquiri as the happy hour cocktail special. But despite that I was beyond impressed with both their cocktail offerings and impressively extensive whiskey menu. And the Tyrconnel Single Malt that I had neat delivered quite the perfect slainte.

With it being a Burger of the Month Club meeting during National Burger Day their was clearly only really one thing on the menu, and as amazing as it sounds it wasn't the cured portabello reuben. And Lloyd touted not one, but FOUR amazing sounded burger options. The Lloyd Burger delivered pickled red onion, bread & butter pickles, and muenster cheese on a brioche bun w/ a side of fries, while the special lamb burger delivered a touch of Morocco and Greece with a yogurt sauce and spices. Meanwhile their secret burger is better left off being summarized by Zagat's 20 secret menu items in Philadelphia list (welcome to your newest food cravings - http://www.zagat.com/b/philadelphia/hidden-dishes-20-secret-menu-items-in-philadelphia) at #10. But the Grand Dad burger that I ordered was an impressive assortment of 2 customer beef patties, white cheddar, lettuce, tomato, and a bourbon glazed pork belly inside a stacked brioche with a side of onion rings. I can't tell if it was the pressure of dealing with such a large group, or oversaturation of the bourbon glaze, but the pork belly definitely came out being a lot more soft and chewier than I'm used to. But aside from that one flaw the burger more than lived up to my expectations, and has me ready to try one that isn't so meat coma inducing the next time around (even the most basic of burger options looked voluptuous and amazing).

With its awesome staff, starters like crazy good crispy fried deviled eggs and Buffalo duck skins, and the vintage throwback decor that's complete with taxidermy and candle filled lanterns, Lloyd is definitely a bit of an outside the box whiskey bar that's well worth the visit.
Lloyd is my favorite spot to start a Sunday Funday. Well, one of my favorite Fishtown spots in general. On the brunch front, I generally get the classic breakfast with a Pear Hinny. Yuummm. Otherwise- we normally just go for drinks, which I'm always happy with.

The whiskey selection is, as one would guess, fairly extensive. I'm not the biggest fan, but they've made some pretty good recommendations for me, the novice whiskey drinker. I'm always happy with their draft selection as well. They have some local beers (think PBC and Yards) then a few others to please everyone's taste buds. 

The staff is consistently super sweet and funny, the bar is sparkling clean, and the music is kickass. I don't know if they have a mix playing, or satelite radio or what, but it's always amazing.
Lloyd is solid all around. This jack-of-all-trades gastropub, unlike some of its local competitors, actually offers a very innovative menu. From short rib poutine to duck sliders, it looks like the chef actually put some thought into it. 

The burger is very good. It comes just short of competing with the top burgers in Philly, but that's not to say I was displeased at all. I'm saying quite the opposite. I'm an incomprehensibly irritating burger snob and for me to give it this compliment is a sign of a quality piece of heated up cow meat inside of bread with toppings.

The duck sliders are innovative but honestly, they're a little dry.

If you choose to sub fries with the salad, you'll be pleasantly surprised. They give you enough greens to drown a small family of kittens in (although why would you, you monster?) and a very light dressing that was hard to describe. Although I feel it could've used some tomatoes or carrots to add color/diversity, it was still solid.

They have a 5 dollar Miller High Life/shot of old granddad special which is just fine for NoLibs. Their cocktails are flippin' sweet. Please see the opening sentence of Michael F.'s review to embody my emotions with regards to the booze here.

It's a good place for a first date, last date, or something in the middle.
Lloyds really impressed me, my mom, and my dad, which is a very difficult and rare feat! Upon entry on a Saturday night, we were told there would be a 30-40 minute wait. No problem, we were excited to try the whiskey offerings! I decided on what is apparently their most popular cocktail, the Jack and Wendy, but without sage (I have a distaste for it). This cocktail was really yummy, sweet but not overbearing, and well rounded. My mom had the Overlook and was quite pleased. Dad went with an Old Fashioned of course, and was happy as well!

We settled in at a high top table to enjoy our libations. There was a couple across from us whom we chatted with about the neighborhood and they were so friendly. Right before we got seated, I asked the man if they had come here often, and he revealed that he in fact was Lloyd! Honestly, I felt like we were meeting a celebrity, it was so exciting! I was really touched that the owner was so nice and down to earth :) 

Lloyd was really kind and sent over the Chicken and Waffles app, because in our conversation I mentioned how that is what I was looking forward to trying. Dear God, these were the most amazing chicken and waffles I have ever had, and I have had A LOT! The waffles were so soft, chicken had the ideal meat to breading ratio and was fried perfectly, and the thai chili sauce provided a slow sweet heat that was the perfect accompaniment. I cannot fail to mention that they were drenched with maple syrup sauce and were literally finger lickin good. I would come back just for these.

We also ordered:
Lloyds burger: got the stamp of approval (and fries were perfect)
Beet chips and hummus: Absolutely the opposite of your regular boring hummus appetizer. We absolutely loved it.
Mac and Cheese: Perfect cheese to pasta ratio. Not swimming in cheese, but each piece was perfectly coated.
Crispy duck salad: The endive really stood out in this dish, providing a great crunch. The duck was warm, salty and plentiful.

We had to try the Butterscotch pudding of course, and honestly this alone deserves 5+ stars. WOW. I am not even a pudding fan and the combination of salty and sweet on this one absolutely blew me away. I would literally come across town just for this pudding.

What really sealed the deal was my dad saying he would come back. THAT my friends, is something that is rarely said. I loved this place, and I can't wait to come back either!
I went to Lloyd when they first opened and I was not that impressed. But I have now gone back about 3 more times and I think it great. I know they replaced the chef from when I had first gone and the menu was completely overhauled for the better. I highly recommend the Old Grandad burger... it is a little pricey for a hamburger but when it arrives you will see why and when you bite into the old grandad soaked pork belly on it your mouth will explode with excitement! The service is always great. The food could not get much better than it is now!
Welcome to the neighborhood Lloyd!

So I went the other night and already can not wait to get back. The atmosphere is laid back and cozy. It made me actually want to sit and drink some whiskey despite not being a lover.
Over the evening, I tried two appetizers which were both great. Fried deviled eggs...great idea and delicious and a special, goose liver pate with some apricot heaven. I also tried their toffee bread pudding compliments of the owner which we chatted with for some time. What a nice guy and delicious bread pudding!?! He explained the whole place was put together with items from his parents living room growing up...this only made me love it more. 

A tip of the hat to the owners at Lloyd. After barely a month of being open, you're really creating an awesome addition to Fishtown.
Terrific place. Interesting cocktail list. Staff will explain  them to you. Great whiskey selection.  Interesting, well prepared food. Try the brick chicken or lamb tbone.
We have walked by Lloyd on several occasions but last Saturday night we decided to give Lloyd a try. We sat outside, as it was beautiful and a cooler August evening.  I enjoy sitting outside on Girard and watching people stroll by. My daughter and myself are not whiskey drinkers or scotch drinkers but Lloyd had a large list to choose from. Their beer selection was pretty decent also and they have a good selection on tap.

We ordered three items off the smaller menu, the Welsh Rarebit of sourdough, stout, cheddar, arugula, the Cheese Board with three select artisanal cheeses, house made accouterments and as special, the Louisiana style crab boil with jersey blue claw crab, red bliss potatoes, jersey corn, old bay, and thyme.  Everything was very good and tasted more refined then typical bar food. These there dishes were a good amount for the two of us. The boil was also reasonable at $16.00.

Service was great all night. Lloyd is another great choice to East Girard restaurant and bar scene.
The crew and I have been to Lloyd Whiskey Bar a handful of times so I am really surprised I have yet to compose a review about this place. We usually end up at Lloyd for the simple fact that we can hang out here and waste time washing back some crafty, and classic cocktails. The daily Happy Hour from 5-8 is also a factor. 

One of the highlights about this place is its location. When you think of Whiskey Bars, Center City comes and places like Village Whiskey immediately come to mind. Fishtown has some really cool and hip locations but I didn't expect a Whiskey Bar to be located in the midst. Second the atmosphere is so relaxed. I have never been here and wasn't able to secure a table or a spot where I wasn't consistently in the way of the staff or other patrons, or literally standing on the back of the customers at the bar trying to enjoy my drink.

In addition to their selection of libations Lloyd does have some very intriguing items on the menu.The first time I dined at Lloyd Whiskey Bar my friends and I shared a cured meat platter which consisted of a variety of duck meats. I believe it was a special menu item. During my most recent I decided to go for the signature brick chicken entrée but not before I got my hands on the savory chicken & waffle sliders. Seriously these things are a must  have. This place has not disappointed me when it comes to any aspect of this place.
Enter Lloyd and you feel as if you're stepping back in time. Wood paneling covers the walls, the furniture is all vintage, and the drinks are classics. Lloyd strikes that perfect balance: full but not crowded, lively but not loud, hip but not pretentious. 

What you'll find at Lloyd are excellent classic cocktails, a respectable beer list, and bartenders with character. Lloyd isn't a place to go if you're looking for dancing or a party, but it is where you go with a few good friends to have a fun, mellow, wonderful night out on the town.
Hi Lloyd,

I would like to get to know you better. Maybe we should meet again for a drink. Or two.

I dont think I have anything to complain about at this spot. Service attentive, cocktails on point and the food was delicious. I think I ordered meatloaf. Meatloaf? But hey, american comfort food... It's my only weakness.
I hope this place lasts longer than its previous tennets. 

Staff is very friendly and the prices are decent for what it is. 

The whisky selection is awesome. They have flights and are quick to recommend something if you're a little lost.

Went there on a Saturday night and it wasn't packed. Wasn't empty either. Its a very classy place. Very warm. Not divey, but not super upscale either.
Enjoyed my first visit to Lloyd and feel blessed that the area has yet another solid destination for eating and drinking.

The beer selection was good.  The drinks were excellent and the food was very good.  The Burban porter braised beef stew was delicious and my friends claim their chicken sandwich and burger were really good.  The only thing I'd say to skip is the deep fried deviled eggs.  They just tasted liked deep fried, overwhelming any evidence of deviled egg.  It wasnt bad, just pointless.  I am glad they want to try something new though so, points for that.
Our sever was super friendly and attentive and the atmosphere is nice and warm, though I agree with my friends that were disappointed in the one flaw: drop ceilings.  Why on earth would anyone have em this day and age?  Other than that, this place is a gem.  It's a huge improvement to the previous business in this location (Hot Potato).

I look forward to returning often and expanding my review.
Well since I check into this place all the time (DUKE STATUS), I must pay homage to this amazing place. I'll admit I was skeptical about this place, being that I basically visit the amazing staff at Kraftwork atleast once a week (ALSO DUKE STATUS), but when I walked into Lloyd it was different. Not in a bad way, but the way you felt welcomed by the staff and basically as if you're visiting someone's home. Someone who absolutely loves whiskey that is. 

The food here is incredible, they have great burgers and I love the different specials they have (BRING BACK THE FRIED CHICKEN SANDWICH). They also have incredible brunch! Aside from that, let's be real, the place is a whiskey bar and a tremendous one at that. They have amazing hand crafted cocktails. You notice that the bartender's really take pride in what they do and it shows in the quality of the product. I've never had bad service here and always recommend this place to anyone that's looking for a great place to go for food and drinks. 

Keep up the great work guys. I'll probably end up seeing you tonight! haha.
Service- Unfortunately the service was't great during our time here. Our coffees and waters were empty the entire time we were there, our food took over 50mins to arrive, and no one checked on us throughout our time. All the waiters were in such a hurry that we had to nearly make a scene to get their attention for more coffee. However the staff was nice when we were seen, and I can only imagine they were short staffed and it wasn't their intention to forget about us. If I return I'll certainly update this review. 

Atmosphere- The restaurant was clean and had a cool vibe, sort of divey but also diner style. 

Food- We went for brunch, and although I was disappointed in the limited veggie options I did see a breakfast sandwich that looked good.. however it came out dry and lacked flavor. My friend who got the same dish felt likewise. We both however really enjoyed the potatoes on the side (seasoned and cooked well). 

Another friend got the chicken and waffles benny with buffalo hollandaise and said it was excellent! I was hoping to get a side of the hollandaise for my sandwich but we were'nt checked on after our food was dropped off so I did without.
a
m
a
z
i
n
g

EVERYTHING FROM HERE IS AWESOME! i cant specifically state what ive eaten because i usually go for the specials so i dont wanna get yah hopes up. but its all perfect.
Last weekend my girlfriend and I , both half insane with cabin fever, decided to walk up to Girard Ave and grab a bite to eat and a couple drinks. As we strolled we listed off our choices trying to make the decision as we walked...East Girard Gastropub, Kraftwork, Frankford Hall, Interstate 295...all good places to which we have already been. But as we passed each one they all looked like sardine cans. Instead of sardines they were packed with humans. Humans that smelled worse than fish in a can. So, we kept on. 

Then we passed Lloyd and decided to give it a try. My girlfriend loves whiskey,  the menu looked interesting, and it was busy, but not filled to the gills. So, in we went. 
My immediate reaction to the decor/ambiance was that it felt like an upscale VFW. The bar is adorned with mismatched stuffed armchairs (cozy!) and fun vintage wall art that has a cabin in the woods and/or dark pool hall feel. There was something just a little off on the overall vibe. I got the sense that the owners had a limited budget to dedicate towards the design and decor. Maybe it was the startlingly white acoustical grid ceiling, or the Pergo floors that make that dreadful hollow knocking sounds when you walk across them, or maybe it was the off-the-shelf white folding residential closet door covering what I assume was a storage closet. This sounds overly nit-picky, but when I think "whiskey bar" I imagine a dark, dimly lit, cozy space with dark (real) wood accents and leather. Also, it lacked a good seating area adjacent to the bar. A overly wide space between the tables and bar felt like an unused dance floor. 

But enough about the design of the space. Now to the important part. The food.

I got suckered into some special cocktail that was made with a whiskey that aged for 6 months in some special aged oak barrel. It was yummy, but at $13 a pop - I didn't go for another round. For food bits we got roasted beets in a siracha honey glaze, chicken liver mousse pate with bread, and a mozzarella & prosciutto with broccoli rabe sandwich. I loved the beets and the chicken liver. The sandwich was  good, but basic. There wasn't a crumb left on any of the plates and the servings were pretty generous.  The two cocktails my ladyfriend had were also super yummy, and a much more reasonable $9 a piece.

Overall I enjoyed my experience. The service was very good, the food hit the spot. I would go back again to try their other offerings. I only dwell so long on the ambiance of the place because I think they have a good thing going, but in a town like Philly where there are so many good restaurants with great atmosphere and design, a restaurant has to do more than make good food to survive long term. I hope this place continues to do well. It's great having another quality place to go to in Fishtown.
I stopped in the evening of St. Patty's just to check this place out & see what they have to offer.  A "Whiskey Bar" it is!  A nice wooden bar to your left upon walking in, with small tables dispersed around the perimeter of the restaurant.   They offer a solid selection of whiskey & bourbon at reasonable prices.  The bar staff was very knowledgeable and will help you make a decision if your not a connoisseur. 
  I toyed with the idea of going with a whiskey flight but I was tight on time.  My experience was great, and I look forward to going back here to explore their food options.
Cheap divey hipster beer bars are a dime a dozen in Fishtown, so I was thrilled when Lloyd opened because there really weren't any decent cocktail bars with bartenders (or do they prefer mixologists?) who take their craft seriously. 
The guys and gals at Lloyd know their stuff, and I've never had a bad drink there, whether mixed or a whiskey recommendation based on my preferences. I've only eaten here about four times, but I would say three times the food deserved five stars and one time it only deserved four. So Lloyd gets five stars from me.
I've liked the Lloyd as a bar since it opened, but I have been consistently more and more impressed with the food recently.

The recent catfish bahn mi special was incredible, and I love the house made chips.

Still less crowded and more chill than other neighborhood spots, the service is always good, the music is great, and the vibe very relaxed.
Aww This place holds a special place in my heart, tummy and liver!. Lol. Been coming here since they first opened. Its a beautiful thing to watch a wonderful establishment grow and so rapidly. Go here and you will see why.  If you want perfected cocktails, a nice bourbon and amazing mouth watering food.. and I'm not talking bar food either. Their menu is like going to any high end center city restaurant but to be honest, I'd rather be here!. Cheers!!. Xo
Awesome.  Loved the food and booze selection.  Scott is an incredible bartender.  I'll def hit this joint every time I'm in town.
I've walked by this place countless times and recently decided to give it a shot, and I must say, I was pleasantly surprised. My boyfriend and I came here during dinner time one evening with our dog and were happy to see our server go the extra mile to make sure our dog was happy and comfortable. 

The food menu is pretty small, but there's a nice variety of dishes. My boyfriend and I decided to get the Kentucky Fried Duck and the Brisket sandwich. The fried duck platter was pretty satisfactory, though I wish there was just a little more seasoning on the outer fried layer. The brisket sandwich was also pretty tasty; the brisket was nice and tender, though according to my boyfriend, just had a little more fatty meat than he would've liked. 

If you're into whiskey, bourbon, or scotch, the menu is extensive. They have everything from Johnnie Walker Blue to Jameson and a listing of local whiskies that seems to go on and on. I'm not a huge whiskey/bourbon/scotch aficionado, but our server was very knowledgeable in helping me decide what to order.
Lloyd has a pretty great whiskey selection and the bartenders are always nice.  Waitresses are kinda hit-or-miss in terms of quality, though.  Their boilermaker special ($8 for a shot of good brown liquor and a good draft?  Yes, please!) is fantastic.  

The food is ok for what it is.  Nothing super outstanding, but everything is reasonably good.  I would have tried their brisket sliders, but I hate sweet potatoes.  You can't substitute the side of sweet potato chips for fries, even for an upcharge.  I'd like to remind the "chef" that he's working in a gastropub in Fishtown, not The French Laundry.  I don't really care about your "vision" and you probably use the phrase "flavor profile".  Shut up and give me what I want to eat.
I came here with a group of friends recently for dinner and drinks. I definitely agree with some of the recent reviews stating to come here for drinks, but skip the food aspect. Unfortunately the food was just not that good. 

My friends enjoyed their whiskey drinks, while I opted for a Downeast cider. Drink prices were really good since it was Monday night and they have 6 dollar drinks all night. Service was just okay.. We waited for water a bunch of times and also for the check. I don't think they are used to a large party there on a Monday.

The food was just pretty disappointing. The nachos on special were awesome and the best thing we had all night. If everything had been that good, it would have been a totally different experience. The fries were ok, nothing amazing, but I did like the aioli sauce on the side. The ricotta and tomato flatbread on special was horrible. The crust was like a crispy pita or something which was cold. The toppings were bland and also cold. We should have sent it back but I hate complaining. 

I got the spring salad with shrimp as my entree and my husband got the burger done medium. The burger was completely overcooked, bordering on well done and it was dry. The toppings did not make up for it and just was overall a disappointing burger. The salad was actually decent, though could have used a little more dressing. The shrimp were slightly overcooked. 

Definitely would not come back here to eat with all the other good food choices in the city.
Got the hanger steak last night. Was served cold and raw in the center. Tried to masked it with their sauce and dim lighting but couldn't get over the cold touch to my mouth, it wasn't red and bloody, it was purple. It was also precut. So someone in the back cut it open and decided it was good enough for me and my girlfriend to eat. I sent it back and don't think I'll come ever come back. Absolute garbage to send out steak colder than room temp. Almost thought it was a joke. I highly recommend that you don't order the hanger steak. But other than that our other experiences have been great thus far. Adios amigos!
Every single thing that went into my mouth flipped all my happy switches.  The cocktails and food are lovingly crafted with high-quality ingredients, you'll want to savor everything and take your time. Lloyd's greatest strength is in its rare combinations of flavors and textures. Service is excellent and friendly, decor is fun and reminiscent of Kubrick's vision of the Overlook, with dark wood against Snow White walls. It's the escape Jack Torrance wanted.
I simply cannot say enough wonderful things about Scott, Taylor, and the rest of the crew at Lloyd.  We come for food and drinks often - and it's always wonderful - but this review is specifically about our rehearsal dinner which Lloyd hosted for us 11/14/14.  

You might not consider Lloyd as a place for an event like a rehearsal dinner, but you absolutely should.  Our night with them was perfect.  Scott, Taylor, and their chef (I'm blanking on his name right now - Val?) sat down with us and listened to what we were looking for and put together our absolute perfect night.  Frankly, we didn't give them a ton to work with, but they still gave us a dream experience.  We felt like total VIPs and, more importantly, so did each one of our guests.  The food was totally perfect (I'm still thinking about this amuse bouche they served us) and the drinks, as always, are a star on their own.  

I wish I could also remember our server's name (Ryan?).  He was totally on top of every thing and such a total pleasure.  I told Scott to give him a raise on my way out which was obviously the whiskey talking but I still stand by it.  

Lloyd was a special place for my husband and I before our wedding, but it's now a place we'll always love for being such a special part of our most happy days.  We're so grateful for everyone there and how wonderful they were to us.
ATTENTION WHISKEY DRINKERS!!!! This is the place to be and I've had the chance to taste WhistlePig Whiskey... The barmaid is amazing and the place has a home feeling. Very chill and a huge variety of whiskey to choose. I love this place!!! Also the city special is available. The pork belly nuggets satisfied my palate as well; I'm tempted to try the fried deviled eggs, maybe the next visit.
Lloyds is simply a beautiful bar with great drinks and food. A great addition to the neighborhood. Please visit and decide for yourself.
I was looking for somewhere new to grab dinner and a beer when I'm too lazy to cook, and read about this new Fishtown spot via Twitter.  Suddenly what I really wanted was a burger and a scotch.  I decided to trek through the first snow/sleet/nastiness of the season to check it out.

After reading up on the brand new bar, I was hoping for "Village Whiskey, Fishtown Edition" and that is exactly what I got.  No, they don't have 50 single malt scotches on the menu.  But the do have close to 10, at a big discount from Village Whiskey's prices.  And they have my personal favorite scotch -- Laphroaig 10yr -- which I enjoyed with an excellent burger. (It's not really fair to compare to the Village Whiskey burger, which is arguably the best burger in the city, so I won't.)

Overall, my first visit was excellent, and I will most likely find myself there again every time someone I've shared a drink with at Village Whiskey is in my neighborhood.
I went here with my wife, our toddler son, and a friend for dinner on a Monday.  The food was good and arrived fast.  The servers (Andrea and Tom) were friendly, professional, and 100% on top of everything.  Everyone was kind to our son and understood the quirks of a kid his age.  We were all made to feel very comfortable from start to finish.  We had brussels sprouts, fries, a burger with pork belly, some craft beers (good selection), and sandwiches.    I would absolutely go here again.
I went to Lloyd when it first opened. I enjoyed it, but with so many restaurants popping up in fishtown I kind of forgot about it. I was trying to think of a fun place to take my boyfriend for dinner and it dawned on me to take him to Lloyd. It was WONDERFUL! Our service was top notch. We had multiple people waiting on us, which at sometimes can be confusing and over bearing, however the staff at Lloyd were knowledgable, charming and fun. Our food was outstanding and the cocktails were so tasty that they were dangerous. Earlier in the week his family took us out to Kensington quarters which was more than double the price and only a quarter as yummy. 

Everything was so wonderful at Lloyd that we went back one month later for a more relaxed dinner. We decided to split 2 appetizers and then split a burger. I've worked in restaurants for years and I know splitting items usually pisses the chef off. Not this time! The chef not only split our burger into two seperate portions on two seperate plates, he/she made us our own individual sliders! It was so darn cute! 

At Lloyd you can have an amazing meal for half of the price as some more snooty establishments. They've got my vote.
Llyod has handily established itself as my favorite spot in Philly. It's just groovy...

The food is always inventive and smashingly executed, the playlist is eclectic and entertaining for all and the real seller is the phenomenal Whiskey selection. If you're in the mood to celebrate, the $40 pour of the Whistle Pig 13yr is a life changing must.

My top food recommendations are:

A lot of the food items are shareable- especially the chicken and waffle sliders. The honey and sriracha syrup really makes these stand out. You get 3 to a plate, so be sure to order your own as well. That won't be enough ;)

The loaded fires with duck confit and house cheese sauce are ridiculous. You get a great portion of them as well, which always seems to be enough for 3-4 people. 

Other worthy contenders include: beet hummus, grandad burger and grilled cheeses!
Lloyd's is a great whiskey bar with great food.  The bourbon menu is extensive and the prices are really reasonable. I had the mac and cheese and the oxtail cheese steak.  I recommend both and the cheesesteak was one of the better sandwiches I've ever had.
I really want to love Lloyd but again I wasn't completely impressed with the food. 

Drink wise, it's pretty solid, but food, so so. I went with the chorizo Mac and cheese which sounds amazing on paper, but was pretty much just a chorizo flavoring. I would have expected a few good chunks of meat in there.  As for the burger it's a bit smaller and just as pricey as the amazing and far superior neighboring Kraftwerk. 

As for service, we were waited on by the bartender, but he was surprisingly attentive considering the crowd he had at the bar. 

Parking isn't too bad if you find a spot on Girard.
Simply Amazing!  My husband is a bourbon lover and I couldn't wait to take him here.  He loved it!  Food was amazing and the staff was great too!! We will be back!  Try the Grilled Cheese with green tomato
Great selection of Whiskey and Bourbon, good menu, although I did not have food when I was in, and everything is fairly priced, unlike a place down the road that charges $17 for an Angel's Envy on the rocks...

I like Lloyd, it was comfortable, easy going, not obnoxiously crowded(although I did go on a Tuesday night to intentionally avoid the throngs of huge wide-rimmed glasses-wearing crumb bums talking about their stupid opinions about their stupid lives), but not barren and uncomfortable by any stretch.

I just happen to have two 20's and two 10's right here in my wallet...I was afraid they were gonna be there 'til next April.
I went here for brunch on Saturday morning with a couple of friends and everything was SO GREAT!  Fishtown is really securing its spot as a foodie destination, and Philly brunch lovers need to come here ASAP.

I ordered one of the specialty cocktails, the Deadly Cargo, which was delicious and really interesting.  It's made with salignac cognac, solerno blood orange liqueur, fresh lemon and demerara coffee syrup.  I ordered this at the recommendation of our waitress, who said it was a really perfect brunch drink, and she was so right!  At first sip it tastes sweet and fruity and then the after taste is coffee.  I could probably have had 10 of these!  If you're going for brunch skip your standard fare brunch drinks and order a Deadly Cargo instead.

Next we ordered the crispy fried deviled eggs to share, which we had heard a lot about.  They're like whole hard boiled eggs stuffed with a tangy, spicy deviled egg filling and then coated in something like breadcrumbs and lightly fried.  Actually, if it didn't say that they were fried I would have assumed they were baked because they were not greasy at all!  It comes with an accompanying dipping sauce that's almost like a tartar, but the eggs don't need it - they pack a lot of flavor on their own.  And finally as my brunch entree I ordered the braised short rib benedict.  OMG.  GET THIS.  This is basically the brunch dish of my dreams!  The eggs were cooked perfectly, the short rib was delicious and tender, and the BBQ hollandaise sauce was flavorful but not overpowering.  But the English muffin was really the standout, believe it or not!  It was not a thin little English muffin that tastes like it came from the supermarket around the corner.  It tasted almost more like a biscuit and seemed homemade.  I have never had an English muffin like that in my life!  Also, it was a LOT of food.  My friend ordered the chorizo and queso fresco pancakes and I felt like the 3 of us could have split that as an entree.

And our waitress, Andrea, was FABULOUS.  She learned our names, was friendly but not in our faces, had really good recommendations - she is the type of person who people would come back to see!  Try to get her as your waitress because she will make you feel right at home.
I ordered the 'Huevos divorciados', which were excellent, and I am very picky about Mexican food, as I grew up in southern California.  Everyone else in my party were also very  pleased with their food and the cocktails as well as the service at Lloyd is top-notch.   The drink I ordered was the 'Pear Hinny', which was delicious, but not as strong as I would have liked, so really, that is my only complaint.   I shall return.
First time here, and it did not disappoint. I ordered the "Perennial", which is a chamomile-infused gin cocktail, served up in a martini glass. Delicious. Then I got the BBQ-glazed skate special, which is a unique and yummy way of serving fish (I'm visiting Fishtown, after all). Excellent service, and I will definitely return in the future.
Amazing place! Went for dinner and to watch the Giants game. Every single plate that came out was wonderful. I definitely recommend the beef stew and the sliders. Great staff, gorgeous place. Will definitely return. Oh if you go for anything, go for the awesome whiskey selection.
EDIT: Had to come back and edit my review because I had brunch at Lloyd this weekend and the service is just phenomenal. The first time I was in there the bartender was such a fucking doll, and this time our water was just awesome -- super friendly, funny, and full of recommendations. You won my 5 stars, Lloyd.

I've had the spinach & artichoke dip with pumpernickel, the fried deviled eggs, the french onion soup, and the brussels sprouts (side). All were fantastic, so it's definitely worth a few extra bucks for the consistent quality.

As you can probably guess, the whiskey selection and cocktails in general are awesome here. The atmosphere is perfect, I think -- I've never seen it too loud or crowded. And $5 City Wides (by a different name, but whatever)? I'll take it. Definitely check this place out.
Their ever changing menu offers interesting and delicious options.  I love their cocktails and all of the specials they offer throughout the year.  One nice thing about Lloyd is that it's less crowded than other spots in the area which gives it a different atmosphere, more laid back and casual.  The outdoor seating in the spring and summer is wonderful but goes quickly!
My whiskey tasting group booked Lloyd for our tasting dinner last night and I had the great pleasure of partaking in really good food and impeccable service. 
Arriving an hour before our scheduled tasting dinner, I was warmly greeted as I entered by somebody I assume to be the manager. It was a "welcome, how are you?" And he waited for the answer. This was a really nice introduction to Lloyd. Inside was a big bar and in front of the bar long tables where you can stand and drink with your friends. In the back are a couple of booths and some movable tables. That's where our Whisky  tasting dinner was and it was a really great space. 
The greeting at the door and the warm decor inside really made me feel like I was at a friends home.  Others in my group started to mingle in early like I, so everybody had the same idea to just get a drink with each other before our dinner. We were all surprised at the reasonably priced happy hour whiskey specials. I was floored to be able to get a Bullet 10 year, neat for $4!!!

Everyone who works there was kind and pleasant and service was very very good at both Happy Hour and our Whisky tasting dinner. 

Menu: 
Rosemary Parmesan popcorn, Deviled fried eggs, French fries, hush puppies, chicken nuggets,mac n cheese, spicy pickles, chicken and waffle sliders, bbq pork sliders, salmon sliders. All items were very generously portioned, served family style with perfect timing in between items. There wasn't one thing I didn't like because they were all imaginatively done and presented. Everyone at my table enjoyed the food and walked away with full bellies. 

Lloyd describes themselves as "Quaint local tavern with a retro vibe offers gastropub dining plus craft beers & brown spirits"
I agree and more! 
I will be back.
Stars are for service.  Food would get a 3.  Wings are average. Bbq is on point. Croquettes are delightful.  The fried Cod sandwich is actually a fishcake sandwich.  Which is unfortunate.  I dont care for them.  Had I known that it wasn't a fried filet I wouldn't have ordered it. Even by fishcake sandwich standards, the sandwich is incredibly dry,  even after drenching it in tartare sauce
Llyod has been such a great addition to Fishtown. Their whiskey menu is inclusive, and I like that there are a selection of flights and boiler maker combinations you can choose from; even better than none of the latter are the standard citywide Jack + PBR. My favorite cocktail here is the Porch Cigar, which isn't on the menu anymore but the bartender has made it upon request. 

While the food here isn't worth visiting alone for, it is still good. I'm a fan of their mac and cheese, and the cheese board is sizable with a solid variety (semi-soft, cheddar, aged gouda, and a blue cheese). I've never heard any complaints about other menu items, and they've got good specials.
If you're looking for a romantically lit joint with plenty of drinks to choose from (both classic and signature) then this should be your next stop.

The wait staff was very friendly and made sure we always had fresh water.

The Buffalo Chicken Mac and Cheese and Plantains were not as heavy as a full entree but big enough to share between two people who are just looking to snack while they drink. I will definitely be coming back.
Stopped in for brunch yesterday and was a fan! Brunch does not start until 11:00 am, and while that isn't bad per se, and I'm probably aging myself by saying this, sometimes, I want to eat brunch before 11:00am. So when I walked in with my friend shortly after 11, we were the first guests to arrive. Bonus for us to start the meal off though, it wasn't busy yet and our server was friendly and attentive (not overly either which was great). 

We split one of the special apps, the fried plantains, which were delicious, mixed with an aioli that had some syrup included in it, chives and bacon. Awesome mixture, cooked very well, it was a tasty start. 

Then, we both ordered the menu version of the chicken and waffles (they have some variations for specials sometimes too). But the menu version included thyme and cheddar waffles and I'm a big fried chicken/waffle fan, so those additions in the waffle batter were right up my alley and you could taste in the waffle so I was happy. The chicken was cooked perfectly, the right amount of crispy and hot. I got my chicken and waffles with two poached eggs (eggs come with it). It's a lot of food and we could have easily split it, but it was great!

I also had a Bloody Mary, a brunch staple of course, but for a first time in a place like this, I had to sample a staple and it was deliciously seasoned and had an egg in it too. As a egg lover, I was content! 

Definitely worth a stop!
My gf and I love this place. It's not a place I go often. But when we want to wear something nice, nicer than our 'dress sweats' and order a pfancy drink, this is our spot. Not saying it isn't great for every day usage or to grab a beer. Don't read this as it is exclusive or snobby here. There are plenty of places you can go for a high end cocktail now, but none made with the quality, care, and speed of Lloyd's
I live around the corner from Lloyd and have eaten/drank here many times. Last night's experience may have made it my last time. 
Friday night, 730pm, showed up with a party of 8. Room is relatively empty and certainly not busy. The hostess, who I generally find to be condescending and pretentious, was in usual form and seemed annoyed that they had to slide 2 tables together. 
We order drinks. Waitress places them at the end of the table and tells us to pass them down because she didn't feel like walking to the other side of the table. At 9$ a pop I'd prefer not to be spilling cocktails as I pass it down the line. Same technique was used for the silverware. 
We attempt to order food over annoyingly loud punk music (which I like, just not so insanely loud!). Food is slightly over priced considering the mediocre quality and small portions. Not bad but nothing really outstanding. 
At this point 2 people in our party who had just ordered drinks had to leave so they left cash for their portion of the bill. Shortly after I literally saw and overheard the hostess questioning our server as to where the other 2 people went and whether or not they paid. Considering that we had a large party, ordered several drinks and food, you'd think they'd have the courtesy of not accusing some of our party of sneaking out of a bill. Ridiculous. 
Finishing up dinner, I had the bus boy hovering over us waiting to take plates away. He asked me 2 times if I was finished when I was clearly not. Starting to get the feeling that they are trying to rush us out. Whatever. Food is done. We order another round of drinks. I see another discussion between the hostess and server. Server comes over and asks if we would mind moving to a smaller table in the back corner of the room because it might get busy. Might. Wtf? If it's busy, yes, I can understand if you want to make use of the TWO empty seats, but it's far from busy and we just spent a lot of money here. The server is handing me coats and scarves rushing to get the table ready for its possible next patrons. 
We are now tightly cramped with 6 people at the round table in the back. We are asked if anyone is interested in desert. Foolishly, one of our party agrees. Our server recommends some sort of custard dish which she states is "amazing". She orders it. Not good. Waitress asks what she thought of it because she can't eat that kind of stuff. Hmmm? I thought you said it was amazing? Anyway I tell her it's OK (it's store bought, pre-made, and overpriced). She seemed annoyed that I didn't like it. 
Check comes. We pay but there's a mistake on one of the cards. Instead of fixing it they made us scramble enough cash together to fix THEIR mistake. As we leave I couldn't help notice our old table, which was unoccupied. 
I've been here many times and I'm sure some of the staff (the hostess?!) recognizes me as well as the others in my party. How about a little bit of respect or appreciation for loyal returning customers? The one waiter Tom, is super nice and the bartenders are cool, but the rest of the staff needs to get it together. Doubt I'll be back anytime soon.
After a whirl wind day of snacking, geeking, and girl power, my group decided on Lloyd's to be our dinner spot for the evening. Let me tell you it was a tough decision. You try herding a group of 5 grown ass, tech savvy, food loving women to just pick one damn place to eat. Insanity will ensue. However, after two hours of deliberation Lloyd's came out the champ. 

Our waitress was very friendly. We ordered a ton of food for the table including a flight of whisky and several drinks all at once. She was able to not only weed through our moments of indecision (way too many tasty things on that menu) but happily answered the barrage of questions that came with that indecision.

As for the food it was pretty good. I had the Korean friend wings, duck fat fries, harvest salad, and the spicy fried chicken sandwich. The wings were crispy with a tangy sauce that needs to be bottled asap. The fries were standard, and the harvest salad was either missing the dressing it was supposed to come with or just didn't come with enough of it because I ended up adding more lemon juice and salt to get it down. As for the sandwich it tasted really good and came with fresh house made chips.

The real star of the evening was the flight of whisky. I am not a whisky expert by any stretch of the imagination (can't even pretend to be one on TV), but the three we had were soo full of flavor. I split my flight with one of the girls, taking little sips of each. (Our tray consisted of an Eagle Rare, Four Roses, and Evan Williams) 

The trip to Philly was worth it to try this place out and I can't wait to go back. Or you know you guys could maybe put a Lloyd's in Baltimore? *hint not so subtle hint*
Five stars solely due to the chipotle chicken sandwich. Seriously. I don't know what all is in that sauce that the chicken is smothered in, but I want to own a large quantity of it and slather it on everything that I eat for the rest of my life. Between that and the celery root slaw and pickles, this is definitely a sandwich that I am looking forward to eating again soon.

The sandwich came with cheddar potato chips, which I am assuming are made in-house as they tasted very fresh. Good flavor on these as well, and they're the waffle kind so they really hold onto the cheddar. Usually I don't really care too much about chips, but I had no problem polishing these off.

My friend also ordered the crispy duck skins. I tried one and was really impressed. It's like a buffalo wing in flavor (as far as I can tell, it's a wing sauce with a little more zest) but with a unique texture. 

Good job, Lloyd. I'm already looking forward to my next visit.
Where to begin?  We absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE all of the food we have eaten here.  This is a wonderful bar with an outstanding chef who knows how to create mouth watering dishes.  Our favorite things here range from the cheese fries, mac n cheese with pork belly, and our favorite is the Grand Dad burger....  absolutely amazing.  

Writing this review reminds me that we need to go back in the very near future!
I came in this past Tuesday after a pretty hellish day at my "lovely" retail job in need of a serious pick-me-up, but not one idea of what I wanted, just that I didn't want the same old mozzarella sticks bar food (not that I don't love me a good mozzarella stick). My server didn't miss a beat, and I know I am one difficult customer when I'm in that mood. After some whining and confused faces on my part, he brought me one of their specialties, something delicious and awesome with crushed up fruit in it, and fried deviled eggs. Now to me, deviled eggs are an outdated, 50's housewife finger food, but somehow they have recreated this little treat into a new comfort go-to. Plus, he was funny as all hell on top of pretty much reading my mind. A definite must check-out place
After being away from the Philly area for the past year, it's great to see that Lloyd has gotten even better.  All of their cocktails are top notch, the food is diverse and delicious, the whiskey selection is enormous, and the staff is awesome.  Every time I come to Lloyd I leave very satisfied.

I've loved each dish, but I highly recommend the bacon cheeseburger, fried deviled eggs, French onion soup, and the extremely decadent Poutine with the braised short rib.  Always check out the week's special too.  You won't be disappointed.

They've added outdoor seating, which is great when the weather's nice.  Also, I haven't tried it yet, but the brunch menu looks incredible, I've heard great things, and I'm eager to give a try very soon.
So glad there's another restaurant on Girard! I really liked Hot Potato, but this place feels like it's managed better.

I tried to order the chicken, and even though it was on the menu, the waitress said they didn't have it. Not a great start, but I had a tasty burger cooked exactly the way I ordered it.

The service was fast and friendly; I wish the music was just a touch softer. Overall, this was a really great place and I will definitely be back.

Bonus: I saw two of the owners while I was there - nice to see them involved after the opening.
I've walked past this place a million times. The ambiance is what gives this place three stars instead of two. Very cool decor and is a quiet bar/restaurant - I was excited to go here with my boyfriend. The wait staff were very kind and quick to provide service. 

The whiskey is $3-4 more per glass compared to other area whiskey bars (Bourbon Branch) for the same brand and style of whiskey.

I had the roasted carrots with ricotta appetizer. The carrots were perfect. The ricotta was very sweet and lacking flavor. I was not impressed by the dish as a whole and it was expensive for what I liked on the plate - roasted carrots.

Had the salad with chickpeas - it was a good, simple salad, no complaints at all.

We shared the charcuterie board because the bartender recommended it saying all meats were made in-house, very cool. Get this if you really really love pate because it comes with two rather large servings of pate and two more very tiny servings of other meat and a basket of toasted bread. I like pate but was not expecting such a large portion of pate and such small portions of other meats. 

All of these foods seemed like they would have the potential to be great but fell short - that plus the pricey drinks compared to other area whiskey bars is why I give you 3 stars Lloyd's.

My sense is my experience was just a miss and is not the norm but it is what it is.
I was at Lloyd about a month ago, not for the first time,  and I feel the need to review. The food is delicious and they have an awesome happy hour. The craft beer selection is on point and as a whiskey bar, they have a large selection of tasty whiskey. I highly recommend the Buffalo Trace Bourbon.
Since moving to Fishtown this summer, my other half and I have had a few meals at Lloyd, and we consider it to be one of our favorite spots in the neighborhood.

Meal favorites: For Sunday brunch, I loved the McLloyd - pancakes smothered in maple syrup with eggs, cheese, and sausage - perfect if you like sweet and savory together for breakfast. He had the Cuban Benedict special, which had an excellent flavor. They have great food specials for dinner and brunch, but some of our dinner favorites include the savory chicken waffle small plate (shareable) and the Lloyd Burger.  

You can't go wrong with drinks. The bourbon sweet tea is amazing, and the Manhattan was one of the best I've ever had. We have also tried some of their whiskey flights, which are reasonably priced and great whiskeys that we might not have otherwise stumbled upon. Last but not least, they have great happy hour specials, and the classic Citywide shot and beer combo. 

This is a great spot any day of the week. We enjoy the low key atmosphere and friendliness of the waitstaff and bartenders.
lloyd is a little gem of a bar--the atmosphere is chill (with new outdoor seating for summer), the brussels sprouts side dish might be my favorite food in the entire universe, and there's a variety of cocktails, beers, as well as (most importantly) a wide range of whiskies. whiskey and brussels sprouts within walking distance of home? yes please!
Foodie Heaven

This is my favorite place for a delicious (and gluttonous) brunch. It's never too crowded at 11am when they open for brunch, so "no waiting with a hangry fiancé" makes it my mans favorite place as well. Always check their specials menu and order a charcuterie board- you won't regret it.

Good beer selection, awesome whiskey selection and if you try the donut you'll know why this place is a neighborhood favorite.
Have been very happy that Lloyd's has finally found their place! We had high hopes for it when it first opened, and finally they are exactly what he had hoped they would become... one of our favorite neighborhood hang out spots. The staff are welcoming and friendly, always at the ready to make recommendations. Perfect spot for drinks or grabbing a bite to eat. Eclectic menu with delicious offerings - deep fried devil eggs, duck sliders, and their cheese board are a few of our favorites. Check them out!
This place is fantastic. They have a dozen beers on tap and the selling point was a hell of cocktail. we had a few different kinds and Remember The Maine was the crowd favorite. For film aficionados, there's a Shining theme happening here--you'll be glad to know, they don't take it as far as axe holes in the bathroom door.
Yes, this is a Whiskey Bar, but if you go in and just order booze you're making a terrible mistake. 
I took my boyfriend a few months ago and when we went, the crowd was generally in their late 20's - late 30's with a Hipsterish vibe. We were seated in front of the door at a small table which... admittedly did pose a few minor inconveniences. My boyfriend ordered a Whiskey Sampler, we split an appetizer, and we each got a sandwich... and we tried to play tetris to make it all fit and ended up using the table next to us until we were done out appetizer. As it was winter, every time the door opened we got extremely cold, and since we had winter coats that we kept on the bench behind me, when the next couple was seated at the table next to us we were so close that I had to scramble to try and compact our coats as much as possible and sit on them just so other people could sit. (Not to sound like a slob or someone that needs so much space, its just a super small area that would better suit one person rather than two and might use one less table to create just a little more breathing room)
But the food was incredible. We got the cheese fries with oxtail to split, and I got the fried chicken sandwich. Mouth-watering good. We also got the Salted Caramel Bacon Cream Puffs for dessert and they were so good! It's a bit more expensive than what we usually opt for, but for a once in a while treat, it's definitely a place we'll go back to. Highly recommended!!
Not my usual go to for brunch, so when friends suggested we dine there today I welcomed the change up.  This is first and foremost a whiskey bar, so the brunch menu is somewhat limited.  But, the selections were varied and the specials leaned on the foodie side of the equation.  I was pleasantly surprised.  Had the Lobster Omelette with a side salad and diced potatoes skillet cooked home fry style.  It was sublime.  Lobster was wrapped inside the omelette so the flaky chunks of lobster tail were preserved.  Appealing to see and delicious to bite into.  Also attractively priced- $14.  Lloyd's is a strong alternative Sunday brunch recommend if you are tired of Green Eggs, Honey's, Cafe Lyft, etc.
I've been coming to Lloyd almost since they opened, and I love it here. The cocktails are made with TLC, and if you're one of those people who values good whiskey and/or cocktails that aren't too sweet, then this is the place for you. Their menu is small and delectable, but what I love the most about Lloyd is the people. Just chill good vibes, and a great date spot.
This is the low-key, diamond in the east Girard area of Fishtown. Flanked on either side by Interstate Drafthouse and Kraftwork, Lloyd is the real standout for food and drinks.

*Whiskey / Bourbon / Rye specials all the time. Well-balanced draft and can beer menu that hits all spots.
*Solid food menu
*Comfortable vibe / atmosphere that works for everything from date night to larger groups of friends. 

If you're in Fishtown and haven't checked out Lloyd yet, do yourself the favor...
My old college roommate and her friend were in town this past weekend so we decided to hit up Lloyd for some brunch. The place was nearly empty when we arrived, which gave Andrea the server plenty of time to chat with us! She was super nice and friendly, and recommended a delicious cocktail to my ex-roomie.

On top of the fine service and delicious drinks, the food wasn't so bad, either! We tried the fried deviled eggs, which were surprisingly delicious. I got the chorizo pancakes which were OK. A little too much pancake, and not enough chorizo. I wish I would have gotten the rib eye eggs Benedict... it looks absolutely amazing.

Overall this was a great place to get brunch, and probably an even better place to come for some dinner or drinks!
Went to Lloyd last weekend with my boyfriend. We love all things Whiskey so this place was right up our alley. Plus, a Shining themed name and Shining themed cocktails? How can you go wrong?! 

We tried almost every cocktail on the menu. They were all incredible, even the smokey flavored one with Scotch that I didn't like was good for what it was. Our service was phenomenal, it wasn't too crowded at 7PM on a Saturday night but the later it got, the more people came rolling in.

The food could have wowed me a little more but they've only been open a year. I'll give them time to perfect their menu and kitchen skills. Definitely will be going back soon!
LOVE this place! Fantastic cocktails - bartenders are very patient and knowledgeable. Dock Street Rye IPA on tap for $5 ($4 at happy hour which runs until 8PM M-F!!!). Very cool, low-key vibe. Great background music - not too loud. Food is well thought out (short, interesting, menu that changes seasonally), well prepared, and well presented. Everything is delicious! The charcuterie platter is at least as good (if not better) than the great one next door at Kraftwork. The shrimp club with tuna bacon is incredible (how can that possibly be tuna???)! The latke with pork belly and poached egg is soooo good! It would be a perfect brunch item! A short rib special was excellent. Wife loves the mac and cheese with pork belly! Their special cheesesteak (can't remember the cut of beef used, or the cheese, but they were non-traditional) was huge, and deemed delicious by our dining companions. Perfect for a date or small group and a great alternative if Kraftwork is packed.
I felt they raised the bar on what to expect for food....at a bar.  :). Comfort foods like the grilled cheese and Cuban sandwich were elevated with quality bread and cheese.  Great specials and they even brought a water dish for my dog while we ate outside.  I am planning on coming back for the great food, specials, and good service.
I really like Lloyd.  I've been a semi-regular here for a while, and finally decided to give it long overdue props on Yelp.  As others have noted, the proprietor Scott (along with his lovely wife and adorable baby) and the staff are outstanding, and extremely welcoming.  The whiskey selection is admirable, often offering real finds.  And I can't even tell you how many shots of Old Grand Dad that Scott has poured us gratis just because.  As a former bartender, I have nothing but admiration for someone who doesn't wait til closing for that shift drink....

A little while back, their menu got a re-do, and their food game really went to the next level.  There are great regular menu items, scrumptious specials all the time, and a great brunch menu.  Try some of the cocktails, they have some real winners.  This is one of my favorite go-to places in the city, because you always feel welcome, always meet great people, and can't go wrong with anything on the menu pretty much.  Beer selection is also frequently rotating and always good.  If you're in the mood for a potential heart attack on a plate that's TOTALLY worth it, try the Lloyd burger.
Really enjoy Lloyd. Drinks are fabulous and the food is just as good as neighboring Kraftwork, only not as crowded. I've been there several times to both eat and drink and have really liked every single thing that I have ordered. Standouts are the mac and cheese, texas tommy, and a rice pudding that even rivals my mom's. 

I also love how unpretentious it is, and I'm torn because I want Lloyd to succeed, but don't want it to blow up so it gets too crowded and impossible to get a seat ;)

My only gripe is that the goldfish mac and cheese is now smaller than it used to be - granted, the price has gone down accordingly so I can't fault them that much, but it used to be the perfect meal-size and I miss it!
I've been a fan from the beginning when I went to the soft opening (and quickly became a regular).  
Good selection of bourbon/rye/scotch, awesome cocktails, and though it's not the main focus, they offer some delicious bites. Fried hard-boiled eggs are on point, as are a lot of the specials they run.  Service is friendly and upbeat.

I recommend cashing in on their happy hour drink of the day and food specials. And they do brunch!
Happy Hour.. 
Conner, the bar tender, 
Deviled fried eggs, duck leg, salad...
 Great Bar food
 Great  Cocktails + beer SELECTION!!!! 
 Divey, hip setting !!! 
All fabulous!!!!
 Ez parking on the street as well!!
My coworkers and I had a night out at Lloyd's for drinks and food. The service was excellent; our group kept getting bigger and they graciously moved around tables and chairs to accommodate us. Our waitress made OK recommendations but she was very attentive and friendly. I would recommend the rib sliders and the burger; both very tasty and perfectly flavored. My friend had the Tommy Duo hot dogs and she said it was good. Their red wine is quite impressive and the whisky I ordered (Buffalo Trade) was just ok but I may not be a whisky girl after all. It was a great place to hang out with groups and I loved the atmosphere. I'd definitely go back!
Solid bar.  Good beers on tap, and good selection of liquors.  Bar layout is spacious and great for groups.  Will be back.
Been here a number of times and its nice to see something other than craft beer bars popping up in the hood. I'm kind of all about this cocktail craze thats been going on lately and I'd have to say that Lloyd falls into the middle in terms of their drinks. The bourbon selection on the other hand is stellar. I just wish I had more dough to fork over so I could sample more of what they have to offer. In terms of food it's typical gastropub fare. The burger was solid but for some reason they were very stingy about substituting any of the side items for the fries...even if I was willing to pay extra. In all honesty I just find fries a bit boring and just wanted to spice things up a bit. The server did seem a bit confused at times ...so I just kept it simple and ate my fries.
Really cool atmosphere, good jams, very friendly staff and the drinks and food were deeeelish! Definitely will be back to hang at this place a lot!
Loved it..... Nice Whiskey list..... Great food... Fried deviled eggs.. Nice crusty bread with white bean puree with braised leeks.... Texas Tommy dog OH YEAH just try it. Staff is great
Fantastic brunch on Girard. Have been here a few other times and have never had to wait for a seat. Great service and brunch menu! Highly recommended!!!
I just love this place.  Their whiskey and boilermaker offers make this bar stand out in a competitive beer drinking territory.  I am especially appreciative of the consistency in food, drink and service!
I live in northern liberties and walked here one night to get some food with someone. We sat outside, though the inside was nice (it was just a gorgeous day). They do happy hour specials and they're delicious, they've got a great selection of drinks as well. The food is REALLY good. I may be obsessed with their French fries (they're perfectly crispy I wish I know how they did that). ThI service was awesome, everyone was very nice. I would definitely come again and I recommend it to anybody!
Created this account just to give this spot five stars. Great food, great atmosphere, and the drink selection is just outrageous. Highly reccomend.
I really like this place. The food can be a little  pretentious sounding, and probably just and overzealous chef, but it's always pretty good, with the exception of the occasional creation lie duck skins. They were just bubble of duck fat. Not awesome.
Beyond that the owner is great, bartenders are always happy to be there and to talk to you, great bourbon selection, good choice of select beers, and the atmosphere is warm and inviting. It's a nice, chill, place to have a drink and kick back with some buddies or your old man.
More whiskey options than you could ever fathom and truly delicious apps make this the perfect happy hour spot. It's never too crowded. The staff are super knowledgable and very attentive- always making sure your needs are getting met. I had these blueberry crusted chicken wings that I still think about a lot. Also thanks for reminding me how reliably solid a miller high life is.
