Brendan, for this I am sorry.

It has taken me far too long to realize that I just plain don't like Local 44 anymore. YES the bartenders are super nice. YES the food and drinks are good. BUT, the wait staff and the crowd are just kind of...not good.

I had been going to Quizzo on Sunday nights with a few friends, one of whom doesn't drink. We'd ALWAYS order some sort of food and soda/juice thing for him to make up for the 2 drink minimum enforced during Quizzo. The total of the food and his beverage were usually MORE than that of 2 beers.

One day, they started giving us trouble about it. We'd been coming every Sunday for a few months with a few problems, but nothing major. You could say we were "loyal customers". So this happened. They more or less MADE us buy extra drinks. We weren't pleased. One Sunday, I had a drink at two different tables, totaling TWO drinks. The server insisted that the first drink didn't count because the table had already paid for it (SO WHAT? You're still making money), essentially forcing me to buy and consume another beer. I'm sorry, but I don't like being strong armed into buying and drinking more than I'm comfortable with.

I went again last night after not having been in a while. It was during Quizzo and the patrons were especially obnoxious (drunk screaming b3tch3z, rowdy yelling football br0z, people who INSISTED on having the entire bar sing [awfully] "Don't Go Breaking My Heart"). We had waitress who'd always been a little standoffish, and disappeared for a good long while. When we finally were able to ask for the check, she ran off in the middle of us asking to split it.

I think I'm done.
UPGRADED!

Came here Friday for a drink with a friend, then again last night for another friend's birthday. 

I forget that Local 44 has a really great 20ish beer selection. Some people like tons and tons of beers to choose from, but that just makes me anxious. 

I also forget that the bartenders are really nice, and the waitstaff can be very accommodating. At one point, there were about 20 of us sitting in the dining room, effectively taking up half of it, and it was fine.

Local 44, I will come back.
Besides Dock Street, this is the only other quality beer house west of the Schuylkill. Expect quality bar food...like fresh avocado slices with your steak sandwich and meatloaf better than your mom's. They've got the latest in seasonal brews and the staff isn't hard on the eyes either.
Señor Lanky and I have been waiting for Local 44 with baited breath for months, every since Brendan "Spanky" Hartranft confirmed the rumor of its West Philly opening one Sunday brunch as we gobbled fried pickles at Memphis Taproom. I immediately signed up for the mailing list, I've checked the website obsessively, I've bike past slowly and looked in the windows. Finally. Finally, Local 44 has opening in my beloved neighborhood, West Philly. A visit was the first thing on my "To-Do" list when I returned to Philadelphia after the holidays. 

In my neighborhood - One star. Huge beer list - one star. Veggie Friendly, affordable food - One star. The new neighborhood gathering spot - half a star. And bonus half-star for being such a huge improvement over Kelly Ann's the nasty bar that used to be located in this spot. 

I ordered the spinach croquettes and was surprised when they arrived - they were huge, and more closely resembled a latke, if latkes were made of mashed potatoes. The flavor was light, the inner texture creamy and the outer a contrasting extra crispy deep fried. Topped with a rich vegan cream and herb sauce, I gobbled them up. Since Local 44 is just as much about beer as food (if not more) I drank a perfectly crisp Bear Republic XP Pale Ale.

One of my favorite things about Memphis Taproom, and now Local 44, is their veggie and vegan options. The Oyster (Mushroom) 'Po Boy intrigued me, and I wasn't disappointed. I had forgotten that oyster mushrooms have such a dense, chewy texture and the deep fried breading added even more texture. Tomatoes, cabbage, and some tasty sauce had me hooked. Unfortunately, after devouring the croquettes first, I had to leave most of the huge bread roll and hand-cut fries behind.

Because everyone from the neighborhood seemed to be coming in that night, we were lucky enough to grab some seats at the bar with friends before it filled, and I enjoyed the Maredsous 6, a Belgian ale, and the Victory Hop Wallop, extra-hoppy on cask while I whiled away a wonderful night.  If they would add some fried pickles and a few more veggie sandwiches, I'd be in heaven
I've never written a negative review before, but today we had what I view as astonishingly poor service. 

I came with a group of friends for 9pm Sunday quizzo. When the waitress first came over, we didn't order much- just a few beers. 

The waitress came back to our table and told us that we needed to order more food, because "that is how we make money." While we wish we were told this was what we needed to do from the beginning, we were happy to do so to support the bar- our group of 6 (scrunched into a table for 4) ordered a total of 4 appetizers and 3 beers.

While 4 appetizers and 3 beers is not a ton, I am sure we would have ordered more as the night went on. However, it didn't seem to be enough. While it wasnt a problem before we ordered, we were told after making this order that we had 6 people at a table of 4, so either 2 people had to leave or we all did. At least 3 tables in eyesight had too many people but we were targeted, presumably because we weren't spending enough- I can't imagine what other reason there could have been as we were a quiet, well-behaved table.

It's a shame their service is so poor, because the one time I ate here before the food was pretty decent. Thinking back, the last time I was here, the service was  subpar in a different way- I don't think I'll be coming back soon.
Ok, so. I like this place. The beer list is generally awesome, even if it is impossible to read from your table.

But, do not eat here. I ordered fish and chips, and got the soggiest, most tasteless, inedible fish I've ever seen. After 2 or 3 bites I asked the waitress if I could order something else, since it was awful, and she said that she could refry the same pieces of fish if I wanted, but that's the best she could do unless I just wanted to order something else (and pay for both dinners). I told her nevermind, and didn't eat one more bite of my meal. It came with burnt hushpuppies that I could barely break in half, and had no desire to eat.

When the check came, I asked if there was anything we could do about the $12 charge since I didn't eat my dinner. She argued with me, essentially told me that it was my fault that it was so bad (clearly, I let it sit on the table too long...folks, make sure you jump up and make an immediate scene in this establishment if you need to send something back to the kitchen...), and said she offered to fix it. I told her refrying the same bad fish is not fixing it, and she continued to argue. I told her nevermind and she stormed off tantrum-style.

It was an unfortunate experience, and I will not be eating here again.
Silly me I walked into this joint thinking that they had 44 beers on tap... but the 44 is really for them being located on the corner of 44th and Spruce. Oops.
The bar area is dark and woody (did she say that?) with an old school jukebox. It was easy to find a seat by the bar, they also have a few bar tables and standing areas. I came here for happy hour (local beers $3, from 5-7 PM) with no intention to eat but how am I suppose to say no to something called "Shrooms and Chips" (Chicken fried mushroom strips served with homemade BBQ sauce and honey mustard, $11) or "Sticky Wings" (Spicy chilli laced wings, $8) or "Bacon Empanandas" (accompanied by sweet sweet sugary figs, $6)? There is a large selection of draft beer and even cask beer (seriously who orders cask beer? Please send me a PM and tell me what I'm missing.)The food was tasty, service was prompt and the bartenders were friendly. What more can you really ask for?
After watching a film about Clarice Precious Jones' sordid youth, I thought it appropriate to lift the mood by treating my friends to beers and tales of my fleeting, whimsical childhood. One littered with stories of summers spent in South Beach under the watch of my 45-year-old, pothead best friend, one spent basking under the Miami sun giving .50 cents to boys in exchange for their affection, one filled with treehouse clubs and motorcycle rides.

Local 44 is just the place with brews as eccentric as my salad days.
One of my good friends from college has made it her life's mission to get everyone she knows to move to the City of Brotherly Love, and I have to say, she and Philly are making a very good case, particularly West Philly.  Everyone lives in these gorgeous old houses with original woodwork and like 9 bedrooms, and they paid what what would MAYBE get you a 600 sq-ft studio here in NY.  Maybe.  There are all kinds of cool bars and restaurants within walking distance (v important to potential NY ex-pats), and on my most recent visit, we walked to Local 44.

Local 44 is the kind of bar everyone wants to be able to walk to.  It's laid-back but not divey, and feels like somewhere you'd go knowing that some of your friends and/or neighbors were bound to show up, too.  They've got an intimidatingly well-thought out selection of local beers and micro-brews on tap, each listed alongside its alcohol content for those of you who make decisions based on buzz potential. What's not intimidating are the prices--almost all beers were $4 or $5!  This...this I like.

To wash down my $4 beer, we picked out a couple of snacks from the menu--shrimp tacos and corn dogs (very hip in NY right now, too).  Holy moly, these shrimp tacos were some of the absolute best I've had EVER, and this isn't even a Mexican joint!  The corn tortillas were warm and fresh (possibly hand made?), the shrimp nice and juicy, and everything was drizzled with a spicy cilantro cream that had a genuine kick.  The $5 corn dog plate went above and beyond what any corn dog plate could even aspire to be--EIGHT plump fritters, with crispy, sweet cornbread on the outside and super-juicy dog bites on the inside.  Elettaria, are you and your sad, lone corn dog snack listening?

If I do make the big move to the 6th borough, it won't be for a year or two, and will depend on me getting a fancy professor job in the neuroscience department at Penn, Haverford, Swarthmore, etc.  In the meantime, I have two things to ask of you West Philadelphians:

1.  Please keep patronizing Local 44 so it's still in business when I get there.
2.  If you happen to know anyone in the neuroscience department at Penn, Haverford, Swarthmore, etc, shoot me a PM, yes?  Kthxbye.
It's tough to put down a place that fills you up with good food, great beer, and homey ambiance. Local 44 will be West Philadelphia's new watering hole. And I say this in all respect to a place like Fiume, but imagine their beer selection, only on tap. 
Finally, a good burger has been found out west. And of course, the juke box has and excellent selection. If you want to beat the crowd, hit it up for lunch, you get one on one attention from the bartender and a thorough explanations of the menu.
I rode my bike to west philly for THIS!?

The service was REALLY REALLY REALLY CRAPPY.  I mean we were sat in the bar area for 20 minutes before anyone gave us our drinks.  Another 20 minutes before we could order food.    Food took a while as well.    Then when we asked for our check it took 15 minutes to get it.  It was really ridiculous.  HIRE MORE BARTENDERS.  I DO NOT WANT TO WAIT THIS LONG FOR SERVICE! 

At least when I got pissy at my friend for paying with a credit card, (I screamed in front of the bartender "Oh Great that will take another 20 fucking minutes") the bartender ran the card very quickly.

The food was nothing special.  The sweet and sticky wings were very liquidy and drippy.  The mini corndogs were kind of cool though.  

All in all this place is a big GD NO.
And now for another REAL review of Local 44 to counterbalance some of the fake ones that are still up for whatever reason. I stopped in on it's 3rd night of business and despite the obvious crowd it had me easily impressed. Service was still sporadic due to the fuster cluck of people inside. But it dished out a fantastic assortment of beers (Dark Wheat's, Framboise, and Coffee Porters oh my!) to compensate. It also had a great mix on the juke box that went from Weezer and Dinosaur Jr. to The Kinks and They Might Be Giants, to Willie Nelson and Johnny Cash. And not only was the bathroom clean, it hand a hand dryer that was so powerful that it nearly blew my skin off. This place definitely has it's prospects that made it well worth the wait.

But the best thing about Local 44 by far was the food. It might just be one of the better bars in Philly to go to for just eating. Even though they didn't offer any variations in Spiciness, the Chicken Wings are ranked among my top 3 in Philly. The hand cut fries were super delish. And they hook up veggie options like a Mushroom Po Boy, Broccoli Croquettes, and a loaded veggie burger. And any meat lover may swoon over the Cuban Sandwich. I know I'm sold!
This bar is managed by the same people who run the Memphis Taproom, one of my favorite bars in the city.  Despite this fact, and that L44 is 2 blocks away from my place, and that I love beer and pub food, I've only been here 4 times.  The reason why?  Compared to Memphis, the menu offers pretty slim pickings.  I'm vegetarian and I've gotten the mushroom po'boy and the veggie burger.  Both were ok, but nothing special.

The real kicker about this place is their seating policy.  On two different occassions, I've shown up there with 4-8 people who wanted to get drinks.  Even at 11pm, they didn't want to seat us, claiming that they have to keep these (empty) tables for dining parties only.  We practically had to beg them to seat us, and promise to order fries if they did.  I can't think of another bar that would turn away a large, thirsty party because they're not eating, especially at that hour of night.

The beers are good, and pretty affordable.  I really want to like this place, and to treat it like the local watering hole its supposed to be.  It should be like shooting fish in a barrel, since there are not alot of pubs like Local 44 in the area.
I love West Philly, and love that places like Local 44 are cropping up closer to my home.  I was hoping I would be head over heels about Local 44.  While I didn't fall in love with him/it, I'd like to remain friends.  SO, here's my plan... I'll get some action at Local 44 first (like an afternoon-cap [instead of a night cap] and a french-fry appetizer).  Then go to somewhere else for the cuddle and relationship (dinner).  I hope that works them, because I'm cool with it.

OK, I'll explain...

My friend and I got a seat right away...but I attribute that to the fact that we were kind of catching the early bird special at 6pm.  Good thing we did, because by 7:00, the place was packed.  I don't know if I've ever witnessed such a packing in a West Philly establishment.  

Moving on to less practical fare...the food was ok.  We ordered the Cuban Sandwich (which was a little dry, i'd say...the meat and the sauciness...i like my sandwiches saucy), the sweet and spicy wings (which were mostly sweet and not at all spicy), and a side of fries.  I AM a french fry connoisseur, and i REALLY did enjoy them.  There was a good selection of beer (point) and the staff was friendly (double points).  

There's my explanation...which is good for now...although I'll probably regret my decision, like most of my relationship decisions.
Outstanding beers, super-tasty food, great service (on my visit, though others seem to have had problems), and great tunes.

I'd add another two stars if they'd just put something on their walls or ceiling-- ANYTHING to dampen the noise.  It'll shatter your head on a busy night.
Used to love this spot.

Great concept, but dropping the ball on delivering that concept.

Love the beer selection, but they refuse to give you a taster.   They tell me that is because they keep their beer prices low.  First of all, their beer prices are not low.  Second of all, a two ounce pour once in a while from a keg that  is going to generate over $1,000 of profit is not going to change the margin that significantly.  Third of all, I don't feel like paying $7 for a beer to find out that I hate it.

Food is decent, but it is hard to get a table, so often I have left and ventured elsewhere. 

Noise level is way too high and needs to be addressed.

There are too many places nearby that offer better service, better food and better atmosphere
I'm not adding too many pictures this is one of those 'what happens here, stays here' kinda places. It's dark, industrial and laidback and about 15 years ago probably Smokey as hell! You know smoking is 'forbidden' in Philly bars and restaurants. I don't smoke but it's missing in the 'ambiance' and experience here. My reason for trying this divey bar is the Yelp reviews and the 15 minute ride. It's what you expect in this area  a mix of everything, races, lifestyle , gender and families all out having a good time together either directly or indirectly. Very likable and easy.

My reason for going out on a Sunday is the listed fish fry. It's fish and chips with a salad for $15 if you get the 'special ' they will add a pint of 'a' lager for $3 more. My first plate had to nice size pieces of fish(beer battered cod), fries 'chips' and shredded greens with dressing and a slice of radish? One of the pieces of had a weird texture that could not be flaked away or cut with a knife. The replacement was twice the amount as before of shredded greens now two pieces of radish, half the portion of fries and one piece of fish. I think the problem is the fish is frozen and they drop it in the fryer and it fries too quickly, it doesn't allow it to thoroughly cook. Would I visit again, maybe but not to eat! The overpriced food is not that good.
How do I hate thee? Let me count the ways...
Actually it's a waste of my time to be creative in trashing this place, so enough of the faux poetics. I really wanted this place to be awesome, but for me it just isn't. If you like to be treated poorly with your good food and great beer then this is the place. I've been four times, just to give it a fair shot and because I wanted to be wrong, but nope, it sucks. I just don't enjoy being scolded or yelled at for ordering a burger at the wrong time or having an incorrect number of people at a table to maximize the profits of the business. Maybe you're cool with that, perhaps things have changed, or most likely I'm a kook. Try it out if you like, but the most positive thing I've ever heard is that it's the best available option in the neighborhood, or that you just put up with the attitude to get the food and beer, a soupnazi kinda thing. 

I've decided on a self-imposed lifetime 86 from this place and I've extended that to the Memphis Taproom and Resurrection Ale House too, same owners, even though I have heard good things about them. There are other places to spend my money. I go to Fiume, just around the corner, or get food at the various restaurants within a block of this place. All in all I'd rather it go back to Kelliann's, the rather lowbrow former occupant of this corner.
I'll only give a one star review if something has gone wrong and nothing is done to fix it. 

Decided to visit here as I'm an avid craft beer person. Most of the list was comprised of IPA's...which is fine...but just something I'm trying to steer clear of. So first  I asked for a Belgium style beer...can't at all remember the name of it. Thought it was OK...nothing too great. So once I finished that one...decided to try something more local...I went with the Tired Hands Shambolic Saisson. 

I've had my fair share of Saisson's...and I know they're usually fruitier. This one was limy...in other words SOUR. I didn't love my first beer...and I didn't at all care for my second one. Just not my taste. I almost thought I was drinking a cider ale. Bleh.

I asked the bartender to try something else.. He said ok...and I tried something else...which I loved. So i ordered that...and drank it. 

Finally I asked for the check...and to my surprise the beer I returned is still on there. I asked what the deal with and the bartender says. "Sorry I already poured it..it's our policy." I've worked at many a restaurants and I have never in my life told a guest who didn't like something that they had to pay for it. ESPECIALLY for BEER ON TAP. That's the easiest solution ever. The actual cost of the beer poured is maybe $2 if that. 

I'll be honest...I write this to hopefully get managements attention...because I feel this isn't their policy. And if it is their policy not to refund things people don't like...then I'll gladly leave it.
Like Erin G., I had been awaiting the opening of this place for some time, walking past on my way home from work to check out the progress toward the end of december, hoping that one day I would be able to walk 10 minutes and saddle up to a heavenly beer bar.

My friend Pearce and I went in on Jan. 1st to taste the beer and sample some food and we were not disappointed.  Russian River Blind Pig, my favorite IPA at the moment was on tap as well as 19 other intriguing brews.  We tried samples of the veggie burger, outfitted with two patties in a very smart move, the corn dog bites which were yummy and some tasty fries.  

Yesterday I stopped in for an after work drink with my friends Duwayne and Julia and we had Hop Wallop on cask (yeehoo!) and I had an Elysian IPA that was so-so.  We tried the tofu tacos which were good except the tofu was a little plain.  I told Brendan when he asked me if there was anything I would change about them that I would marinate them (Duwayne had actually suggested it) and Brendan thanked me and said I was the second person who told him that.

All signs point to success, I would say.  One thing I would like to see is some sort of happy hour, $1 off or maybe a redhead happy hour like they have at Memphis.  Go readheads!  I will certainly be back in to sample more of the menu and help empty more kegs.  Hooray!
Local 44's slogan for all intents and purposes is: "gastropub. We kind of hate that word." Don't worry though, Local 44, no one will ever accuse you of being one of those if the definition of gastropub is "an establishment that serves food of quality higher than poor." Seriously, I get that you want the emphasis on the beer not the food, but it is actually possible to have a decent rotating beer selection and at the same time offer food that isn't utter crap for people to enjoy while drinking it. (News flash: People like to eat while drinking!)

Around late summer, we heard that there was going to be a new chef and hoped for a menu that wasn't 80% deep fried (Black bean burger? That's gonna be deep fried. BOOM! You're welcome) but somehow the food managed to get even worse since. One evening my husband and I stopped in for a drink and snack -- he got the new bone marrow appetizer and I got the grilled shrimp cocktail, $9 and $8 respectively. OK, first of all, there was MAYBE a full tablespoon of marrow in my husband's dish and my "grilled" shrimp cocktail consisted of lukewarm, clearly microwaved, previously frozen shrimp like the kind that comes in the shrimp ring at Pathmark, sitting on top of a sloppy bed of cloyingly sweet ketchup-heavy "cocktail" sauce and -- WAIT FOR IT -- covered in lettuce. THE. HELL? We also stopped in for a perfectly serviceable brunch on New Year's Day which was fine, I guess, other than the fact that it took an entire for our food to come out after we ordered it.

On the last point, and I do realize what I'm saying here, but the wine selection also has much to be desired, especially for the $8-$9 per 70's style small goblet that they charge for it. I get it, I get it -- again, it's a beer bar. However, I have stomach sensitivity when it comes to beer and I don't think it's too much to ask that my husband and I can go someplace where he can have a good craft beer and I can have a nice glass of wine, as we can countless other beer-centric places in the city -- Johnny Brenda's, Prohibition, Memphis Taproom, POPE, to name a few. It's just disappointing that Local 44 is really the only place we have like this in West Philly, and it's not, well, "better." C'mon guys... Can't you set the bar just a bit higher?
Local 44 might be closer to a 3 star, but I'm afraid I'm going to have to knock it down to 2 just to even out the insanely high ratings everyone else is yelping for this place. Yes, Local 44 is the best such bar of its type in West Philly-- but the best at what? Emulating a Northern Liberties bar? 

The service is fine, pretty neutral, and the beer selection is certainly there, but I find it to be a little pretentious and there's definitely some overpriced beers on tap.  Overall, I'd say if you're a beer fan then it'd be great to have Local 44, well, local to you, but it's not worth a special trip. 

I think my biggest disappointment is with the food. They seem to be trying to do something a little fancier than bar food but everything I've had has been generally overcooked and nothing special. Also, there aren't any happy hour specials on food. I think an important aspect of a "neighborhood bar" is a fair price on some halfway decent bar food and in that respect, Local 44 comes up short for me.
Just  back from opening day at Lcal 44 - it was FANTASTC!  What a fabulous beer list, you cannot find a better one in the city - or a more fairly priced one.  The kitchen brought out some complementary morsels:  juicy batter-coated chicken wings, rich tasting potato cakes, hearty Cuban-style sandwiches (I don't think the kitchen is presently using a plancha, the sandwich press that gives the the cubano its caramelized grilled edge, but it was tasty none the less).  In any case, while it is too early to judge the kitchen, its early menu complements the great beer list perfectly.  The West Philly neighborhood now boasts a terrific bar and in Leigh and Brendan it could not have found more gracious and knowledgeable hosts.  Happy New Year indeed.
So, after the owner read my review he messaged to tell me that he knows his beers and that I was wrong about their winter beer selection.  They have 5.  Out of 22 they have 5.  Large list of winter beers for January.  

He also told me about his overpricing of the beers.  Basically it seems like he's charging us 10% extra to cover the taxes.  Seems odd and wrong to me.

Neither of those things really bothered me about his emails.  He didn't really try to address the issue that is the main problem.  See, I have no problem paying extra for a beer at a place I enjoy going to, and if I do enjoy the place those 5 winter beers would suffice.  I'd be excited about going to a new spot to drink that's close to my house.  The real problem was the atrocious service I had.  I let him know I had the worst experience of my life at a bar.  I got much more into detail about my experience at his bar then I did here, and he didn't seem interested at all in rectifying the situation, or even acknowledging it.  Personally, I think he's a nice guy and does seem to know his beer, but he should learn to hire people.  I'm going to go out on a limb and say these people are his friends that he hired.  I get that impression because if they weren't his friends, maybe he would be inclined to be less stubborn about acknowledging the fact that I had a very bad experience at his bar.  

Basically to make a long story short about my bad encounter at the Local 44, I was insulted by a waitress about my weight for ordering fries, but my skinny friend was not.  Furthermore I ordered fries to share with the table.  I wasn't even hungry.  I was brought my check before we were even finished eating and drinking and without asking for it.  We were asked to leave our table before finished eating, and the waitress told us that the customers were complaining because we were taking too long to finish.  We also had to flag people down to order.  I didn't enjoy it at all.

 I would avoid this place.  There isn't even a happy hour.  What kind of bar doesn't have a happy hour?  Check out the owners other spot, Memphis Taproom.  That's a solid bar, but the waitstaff here is amongst the worst in Philly, if not the worst.  If he restaffs then I'll make sure to give this place another shot, but until then I'm done.
Local 44 gets a quick two thumbs up from me!

The food:
Chicken Wings with a not very spicy but interestingly sweet glaze.
A delicious burger with cheddar, bacon and a fried egg(!).

The drinks:
Bear Republic XP Pale Ale
Ommegang Hennepin
Victory Hop Wallop (cask)
Yards Brawler (cask)
Victory Prima Pils (a solid finishing beer)

The place is definitely going to be a road block for a while, what with there not being many other options in West Philly, but if you can come a little off-hours, it is definitely worth a trip!  I can't wait to see how the menu and beer list develop over time.
I had the unique experience of going to Local 44 with a friend from out of town. This yielded a different perspective, helpful for me to see what our gastropub scene is like here for someone that doesn't take it for granted. And it is based on that experience, combined with my own, that gives Local 44 a 4 star review. 

I like the dark bar and better lit dining room. The beer list is phenomenal - about what you would expect based on the proprietor's other two bars. Our server was attentive and very knowledgeable when it came to making suggestions. 

The menu is decent. I would call it semi-upscale pub food. I had a chicken sausage sandwich, and the cranberry sauce/reduction/what have you was definitely a bit overpowering. My friend had the veggieburger, that was pretty solid. 

So, to sum the spot up - a good spot in the neighborhood to grab a bite and a couple beers. A nice midweek destination to get a little decadent. However, keep your expectations for the food modest.
It's a bar. I love bars. 

Beer and french fries and ya girl is on cloud 9. The bartender/waiter was super cool and pretty much just told us we can yell for him or obnoxiously waive him down when we needed something. 

I tried the veggie wings which were satisfying. Pretty much like Frank's hot sauce which hits the spot for me. The "ranch" side was not ranch though. I'm not sure what that was. It tasted good but definitely would've preferred some good ole ranch.
This review is for HAPPY HOUR, which has glorious $3 local beers and $3 or $4 select apps. It gets a bit crowded during happy hour, but I've luckily gotten a bar stool each time I've come.

Recommendations: FOOD - maple dijon wings (pass on the nuggets), HUSHPUPPIES (I've had one kind with the mustard sauce and another with a maple butter sauce, the ones with the butter were a lot better); BEER - minor brett, funny farmhouse, and whatever light local cider they have on tap.

Will update review when I go for brunch.
This has been my neighborhood go-to bar for the past 4-5 years, so I have a very fond place in my heart for Local 44, although to be honest the food and service can be a hit or a miss.  They always have a good selection of local beer on tap for very reasonable prices, though, so this is an excellent bar for both happy hour ($3 drafts, $4 snacks from 5-7pm) and non-happy hour occasions!

Tip: come here for happy hour on Monday and then head over to their bottle shop next door for a FREE beer tasting every Monday from 6pm-8pm. It's a win win.

I've had the chance to try many of their food and beer selections, whether that'd be during brunch, happy hour, dinner, or late night munchies.

I would recommend the following:
- Scallion Hushpuppies - deliciously fried and surprisingly good balance of sweet and salty
- FRIES!!! - I love their fries, and many of the dishes come with a side of fries. Yum.
- Cubano (comes with fries) - very good, but the jalapenos are pretty spicy so take them out if the spice is too much
- The 44 Cheeseburger (comes with fries) - solid burger, nothing too amazing but is very nice with a good beer
- Tofu BBQ Vietnamese Hoagie (comes with fries) - a spin-off of a banh mi. It is different than what you'd get at a traditional Vietnamese restaurant, but the hoagie is pretty yummy. I am not a fan of tofu in general, but the tofu in this sandwich was perfectly cooked and delicious with the BBQ taste

I've also had their black bean burger which honestly was way too mushy and grainy that I would not recommend it if you're not into that kind of texture.

I've recently had their Omelet du Jour, which was an omelet with oyster mushrooms, that was pretty good but nothing out of this world. I was a big fan of the home fries that came on the side though. The home fries came perfectly seasoned with some peppers and onions and were perfect when dipped in a mixture of ketchup and siracha.

Come hang out in West Philly and enjoy Local 44!
though the local 44 has a wonderful beer list, i was on the whole, not impressed.

the couple nights i've been here with a friend who lives in west philly, it was quite crowded.  which is great for their business!  but not necessarily for us.  the service seemed curt and rushed.  i understand they want to get as many folks eating and through the door as possible, but really?  did you have to make me feel like public enemy # 1 for sitting at a table?  i think not.  if you want to retain your customer base, treat them like you want them back, not like another cog in the machine.  if i like your food enough, i'll put up with waiting for a table, it's not a big deal!

despite all of that, the fries were tasty, along with my cuban sandwich.  and the beer?  of course it was wonderful!  

i'll be back for the sole reason that it's the only decent bar within walking distance of my friend's home.  but i hope they work out some of the service kinks, because it has such wonderful potential.
I'm not a big seitan guy - but Local 44 really nailed it. Even on a cold day, they have great outdoor (and heated) outdoor seating with an incredible beer selection. They have these items called "hard times hoagies", which are a hoagies for a steal of 10$.I had their Living Legend, which is essentially their seitan cheesesteak (for 10$) and it was delicious. It was piled high, was very flavorful,  filling, and just what I needed after a long shift. The staff are very friendly, eager to offer advice, and prompt.  i definitely would recommend coming back.
I think this place is great for the neighborhood, but in the overall scope of gastro-pubs in Philly, there's something about this place that just doesn't quite grab me.  I admit, the beer selection is pretty good.  Plus, they are always having some kind of happy hour or special going on - you'll learn all about them if you sign up for their regularly updated email list.  The food is good... greasy, but good.  The Breakfast BLT is reaaaally tasty... seriously some of the best bacon I have ever had, the Reuben fritters are delectable, and the wings are pretty good.  They seem to have a number of vegetarian items available.

The negatives are that it gets pretty noisy, the space is pretty limited, and on busy weekend nights the clientele and the service gets pretty obnoxious.

Not a bad place to visit for a weekend afternoon.  Worth checking out.  Also of note, they have a decent jukebox.
Don't forget to bring your ID!

Came on a crowded night for dinner. Seated by a somewhat nice waitress. She got some waters and asked for IDs. I took out the only ID I brought with me, a GOVERNMENT-issued passport card....and nope, she said it had to be a "real" passport or another ID like a driver's license. 

Her attitude really left a bad impression.... can't say anything about the food.
Where can you go on a glorious Sunday morning and get ambushed, upon entry by two different staff people, talking to you at the same exact time, saying completely different things? Why, Hop on over to Local 44. 


I was immediately transported to my trip here 6 months ago, where I ordered the wings which were cold and raw inside. Still, I stupidly let my husband convince me that this was worth another shot.  


11:35, my husband and  I enter and the aforementioned incident happened. We request a table and 15 minutes later, a server asks us if we want a table. Hmm, interesting, the same person we requested from. 

11:50 we sit a a high top table that has a bunch of miscellaneous crap on it (a tower of plastic cups, a few dirty glasses, and crumpled napkins. 

11:55  the owner I believe asks me if we want him to clear the table. He goes back to drinking with a few of other friends, and then comes and clear the table. 


12:05 We get menus and then the server aforementioned informs us that another table is available and we should move.

12:10 We sit at new table and are greeted by two different waitresses (fine, no biggie)

12:15 we get water, and another waitress comes over

12:30 we order french toast and a sandwich--waitress takes order and then smartly the waitress asks my husband and I for Id's. I laugh it off, the irony is that my 28th birthday is tomorrow and I had a major hangover from the night before, and I haven't been carded in a while, and i left my passport home. I say sorry, don't have my ID we're not ordering alcohol and after almost an hour in this place she says "Just run home, if you don't live far--sorry, it's our policy. 

I think to myself, that's interesting, at any point in this 50 minute ordeal we could have run back to the car to get an id, especially when we were offered seats at the bar, and inherited a table with half full beer glasses, etc. But no, not at local 44.
I was visiting from California and went here for drinks and a super late dinner drinks ...we picked thIs spot bc there aren't many non-dive options in that area and we loved their other restaurant nearby called Clarksville.  And Local 44 didn't disappoint! The service was great and food came out quick 

Plus, they have a full bar! The bartender made me a delicious Manhattan! 

I got the beet burger (I'm not vegetarian, but prefer veggie pattys) and it was good although- I think maybe a little burnt- but I liked it that way!  And I love condiments so their homemade ranch dressing was perfection...The side salad was AMAZING! Could use less dressing though 

My fiancé got a burger, I think it was a bit undercooked :/ ...the fries weren't bad, but disappointing bc they were tiny, skinny ones that seemed broken from the bottom of the bag ...not like the thicker ones that people posted pics on yelp of so maybe they made a fries change -_-
We just recently moved to Philly and this is our favorite local spot. Service is always great, very friendly and professional staff no matter what time of day you pop in. Good deals on food during happy hour(5-7). Highly recommend the Korean fried chicken and the french fries. Recently went during happy hour and they had a special for the night, hush puppies. If you can get your hands on them you have to try them, they were incredible.
Local 44 could very well be the Grace Tavern of West Philly. It's a little darker and a little more low key than other bars. Probably the kind of spot where you'd be a regular if you lived nearby. You'd feel comfortable grabbing a bite and a beer by yourself at the bar, knowing that a friendly team of bartenders and servers would provide the perfect company. 

All these things said, I'm not in West Philly super often so I have pretty limited experience with Local 44. I've always liked the place for a beer or two, though the food is more hit or miss for me. Most recently, for brunch, I thought the shrimp and grits with a poached egg were a home run but the breakfast sandwich with Canadian bacon, egg and cheese was a letdown (give me thick-cut, crispy bacon over that other stuff any day!). The bloody Mary was good - very heavy on the horseradish, if that's your thing - but the beermosa was a little too heavy on the OJ, in my opinion. No champs at the bar ruled out a mimosa. 

Since this was only my first time eating a full meal there, I'd definitely be interested in checking out lunch or dinner sometime. I know I've had a snack or two in the past but it's been so long I can't remember details. So I'll just have to get back there next time I'm in the neighborhood.
Another happy customer here...  I also showed up for the grand opening, but didn't want to write a review until I had had a chance to get a feel for things when it's not a special event.  Both times I was tickled pink to be there!

The decor is amazing.  Having stepped inside Kelli Ann's a handful of times, I was shocked at the impressive change.  What used to be a dingy beer joint is now clean, attractive, and cozy.  Somehow, it looks so much bigger and brighter, even during opening night when the place was PACKED.  

The beer list is fantastic.  Seriously at least 15 beers on tap; if you like beer, you will be happy, especially since the beers range in price from only $3 to $6.  

The food is also yummy.  On the opening night, I got to try the oyster po boy, and it was a hit.  Today I tried the breakfast BLT, which also kept me smiling.  The wings looked amazing, so I'm trying those next time...

But above and beyond all that, the staff- servers and bartenders alike- are some of the most smiley, cheery people I've ever met.   It's definitely a place where you can feel like a regular, even if it's your first visit!  

All in all, a success!
Grabbed hard times hoagies from Local 44 for lunch today. I had the Common Man and my wife had the Raging Bull. Both hoagies were massive, justifying the $12 price tag. The common man was rather basic (as suggested by the name). The raging bull was quite the opposite (also as the name suggests). The fried eggplant pieces were so big that it's definitely going to be 2 meals even for hungry folks. Looking forward to local 44 opening up again as their normal menu is obviously a bit more fun. Looking forward to coming back - maybe I'll try the Gloria next - and definitely on the weekend so I can take a drink to go when I'm not on the clock. They've still got a lot of drinks available for takeout!
I've been to Local 44 several times, but only twice for meals. I miss watching Eagles games here - they have a great beer selection and a nice neighborhood bar vibe. Since I can't get such an experience here now, I don't think I'll be coming back, especially after last night's takeout meal. The house made veggie burger from their current "Hatd Times" menu was a real disappointment. Incredibly dense and desert-dry, it was like eating a brick. It was seasoned all right and not bad flavor wise, but the copper cheddar melted on top just made it heavier and provided no moisture - where was that sriracha mayo? A few slices of tomato would have helped, the lettuce was crushed and shriveled to the point of being unnoticeable. The brioche bun was okay, but given how rich the rest of the sandwich was I had to leave the top of the bun uneaten. My partner got the Living Legend hoagie, and he commented on how surprisingly dry that was too, though he generally deemed it one of the better vegetarian cheesesteaks that he's had.
The one other meal I've had at Local 44 was dine-in, when they still had the seitan vegan Reuben. Admittedly I'm a bit of a Reuben snob from my meat-eating days - I grew up in New York, what do you expect? I have had one or two really excellent vegetarian Reubens that would live up to my tough New Yorker standards, but the one from Local 44 wasn't one of them. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't anything special. That's the only thing I can even remember about that meal, just not feeling much of anything either way.
I know I'm in the minority as far as negative critics of the food here, even among vegetarians. What can I say? Can't win em all...
The place is supposed to be a bar with superior beer.  22 beers on tap or whatever they claim.  The beers on tap are mostly summer/spring beers.  Plenty of pale ales, ambers, and white beers.  They have 1 IPA...ONE IPA!  Are you serious?  At least get Victory Hop Devil over Prima Pils to get more IPAs in there.  

The service is also terrible.  It's always packed.  When it's not packed and you get a seat, as soon as it gets packed they try and kick you out of your seat.  We were eating our food and the waitress tried to kick us out of our table.  Are they serious?  Can they at least let us finish our food before they kick us out of the table.  I understand the waitress wants to maximize her tips, but we need to finish eating 1st.  

The other thing is it is terribly over priced.  The beers are $3.30(Kenzinger) $4.40, $5.50, $6.60, $7.70 etc.  Can you please round to the nearest dollar?  Not only that, but the beer is over priced.  Something that should be $5 is $6.60 etc.  A tiny sandwich is also $8.  The food is so expensive.  The food isn't THAT great to pay that much for it.

The bottom line is if you want to go to a good beer bar in West Philly, drive, ride your bike, or walk an extra 10 blocks or so to Dock Street.  Better food, and WAY better beer for a cheaper price.
Still a staple in the neighborhood, still good food and spirits. Great beer list, great vegetarian choices, delicious burgers. I haven't been inside this place since before the pandemic (I've been outside dining, though). Tonight, fully vaxxed and boosted I dined inside and ordered my fave.. charred broccolini
peanut sauce, smoked tofu, chili crisp  and seiten  nuggets. Their fries are good too. I really like this place.
Hm, Local 44... I live approximately 45 seconds from the front door of Local 44, so I go semi-frequently. My feelings on the establishment are pretty complicated, though.

They have the drinking side of the business down. The beer list is ever-changing and broad, the drinks are reasonably priced for what they are, Quizzo is fun, and so on. 

The food, however, is the definition of hit-or-miss. I've had some really tasty burgers and sandwiches here. They've also served me some of the worst and weirdest items I've ever encountered at a restaurant, though. A chickpea salad aggressively spiced with raw, dusty curry powder  and sopping with mayonnaise. Boiled peanuts that tasted like muddy water. A very strange and unfortunate bowl of gnocchi. And more. I've learned things tend to go wrong at Local 44 when they get adventurous with the seasoning or depart from traditional bar fare. 

So, I don't know. This and City Tap House and Dock Street are pretty much the choices in this neck of the woods when it comes to craft beer bars with mid-scale food. Out of the three, I'd toss out City Tap because it's expensive, and I would choose Local 44 to drink and Dock Street to eat. 

This review is a little pointless, because if you're the target demographic for Local 44 and you live in the neighborhood, you'll find yourself going there anyway from time-to-time. And everyone else in the city seems to think that 44th and Spruce is the boonies, so they wouldn't come out here anyway. Hmph. 

In sum, I can't really recommend it, but I know you'll end up here regardless. How's that for bleak?
Local 44 was the perfect spot to drop in for a quick beer on a Friday night, post happy hour.  It was loud and crowded, as other reviewers said, but the beer list has something for everyone, and the menu is appealing whether you're just there for snacks or want to eat a full dinner.

We grabbed a spot at the bar and were greeted immediately by the bartender.  He was knowledgeable about the different beers on tap and happily let us sample a couple brews before we ordered. I settled on the St. Feuillien Saison while my friend went with the Lost Abbey 10 Commandments.  

There was plenty on the menu that sounded good, but I got the veggie burger, as suggested by my friend.  It came out with two patties, lettuce and tomato on a big, yeasty roll.  For a dollar each I added avocado and feta.  The burger was very good, but I thought the real star on the plate were the fries.  Pure crispy, golden bliss, especially dipped in a combination of the vegan white sauce and ketchup.

As someone who is just starting to test her beer legs, I think Local 44 would be a great place to hit up again.
I've always heard good things about this place and decided to come for happy hour. Waiter with red hair was rude to begin with, refuse to sit us in a booth because we "didn't have enough people". (There were four of us) When we were finally seated, we told her we wanted to order from the happy hour menu, which was about to end in 15 minutes. She told us "give me just a minute" and leaves and ignores us for the next 20 minutes and finally comes back to take our order "but happy hour is over" very unnecessary and rude because she clearly didn't want us to get any happy hour prices. I'm very surprised and disappointed that she went out of her way to do that.
This is a really cute place in west philly with nice local beer and some flavorful food. I've been here a couple times with smaller groups and service at the bar is good. However, service in the dining room is quite different. We walked in with a group of 10 people. And let me be clear, the dining room is completely empty with the exception of a few people at the bar and two people at a table. We were told that "this table is best for us" and that the other people would have to sit at another table. There were tables next to each other where we all could have sat (these tables were empty). But, the waitress insisted that "her dining room rules" prohibited us from sitting together. Another waitress said we could sit together but the original waitress came over to split us because there was a "misunderstanding". Who splits a party when tables are available?? There are tons of other great restaurants like Distrito and Copa Banana nearby that have a good happy hour and can work with parties over 4 people. Good food, decent beer, kind of pricy, terrible and rude service.

Update: we are now leaving an hour and 10 minutes later. Tables are still empty.
Was really looking forward to trying one of the vegan sandwich options here, but I didn't even get the chance. My boyfriend and I had been seated when we were told we couldn't order food because we're under 21. The waitress was apologetic but this is some pretty important information which I would have appreciated knowing before going out of my way to come here. It could have been written SOMEWHERE (on yelp, on the menu, even on the door). Extremely frustrating experience.
Unforgettable first time here:

I went with 3 friends. Both my roommate and I order fish tacos. The wait for our entrees goes from 'longer than average' to long to 'let's start thinking about leaving'.

Wen we had questions about our order status and wait time, the waitress was nowhere to be found. And plus,what can she do about the fact that they ran out of soft taco shells and someone had to...wait for it...leave the kitchen to buy more.

I don't know. Maybe someone could've told us. We aren't addicted to fish tacos or anything.

That was 2 years ago. Bad customer service memories linger and are repeated to friends.

As for the food, it was unremarkable.
The Good: 
A wide selection of beers. 
High quality pub food.
Fun atmosphere when it's relatively empty.

The Bad:
None of the beers are beers you've ever heard of before, and they don't have a sampler, plus the descriptions are extremely minimal, so you buy about four or five beers before you actually find one you like. 
When it's crowded, this place is awful. Like imagine dying and going to a hell manned by hipster demons. Something about the way the space is used makes it hot, sweaty, and unmanageable if crowded. 

Also, if anyone working at Local 44 reads these, please please please put better descriptions of your beer on your menus. If you're going to have random ass beers only, at least give me a good idea of what I'm getting into. Four words is not enough. Either that, or offer a standard choice or two.
Some pals of mine who live in the neighborhood are addicted to Local 44's spicy seitan nuggets. I roll wit cause I'm addicted to $3.30 local drafts during happy hour (5-7 PM). Lovely local beer array- Local 44 has a good beer list. Happy hour- that's the time to go, I say. This dimly lit little joint has those beer specials I mentioned and half price off select appetizers. Good service and good deallys there. Yes, that's the ticket.

Otherwise, the drafts listed up on the chalkboard aren't accompanied by prices and now I scream, "Damn you tulip glasses filled with $7 beers! Daaamn yoooouuu...."
Yeah, I shoulda asked about the prices before gettin all glug glug. *Shakes fist*

Lotsa vegetarian and vegan vittles here. Good to know. Nice jukebox happenin too.
I'll be back between 5-7.
Went back yet again -- this time with my kids because a friend wanted to meet there for dinner. This time I ate, which was A HORRIBLE MISTAKE. I had the General Tso's Tofu, which consisted of 90% rice, 8% breaded and fried tofu, and 2% greens, covered in a sauce that tasted like salty corn syrup. Also weird that in this neighborhood, where you can't step outside without tripping over a wee one, there's no kids' menu. Grrrrrr.

Also, since my last update, covering just the beer and complaining that the bartenders never serve a full pint, one of the owners sent a message saying:

***"We do serve our beers with an inch of head for the sake of presentation and aromatics."***

Problem is: THAT ISN'T A PINT. That's 12 oz (http://www.thebeergauge.com/). If "an inch of head" is important to you (and, frankly, it should only be if you're drinking a stout), then the owner should purchase larger glasses -- glasses that allow a full pint of beer with some room at the top.

It all comes down to this: the General Tso's Tofu aka Bowl of Rice, the middling beer pours --- this place is cutting every possible corner it can. Anything to get folks to pay for something they're not getting. How is that not insulting? (Let's not even talk about how their bottle shop is the only beer take-out shop in the neighborhood not to include tax in the sticker price.)

But, really, I'm the butt of this joke. I love beer, Local 44 usually has at least one good IPA on tap, & it's around the corner -- so I hate it but I keep coming back.
Less than a year ago, the Memphis Taproom opened up a few blocks from my house.  Between then and now, it's become quite popular and one of the best bars this side of the city.  So the owners decided to spread the wealth and  go to the other side.  The result: Local 44.

Local 44 is a pretty standard bar that focuses of serving up good beer and food.  It's clearly run by the folks from Memphis, as evident by the  similar menu and beer selection.  There are about eighteen beers on tap, including the beer engine, which gives beer drinkers of any persuasion a good choice.

Beer selection aside, the rest of the experience is average.  The service was acceptable; not great.  The prices are average.  The atmosphere is nice, but forgettable.  The only real reason to go to Local 44 is just that, if it's your local spot.  You won't be seeing me make the trip from Fishtown again.

Downsides: The bar charges tax on beer, which is lame, but not unheard of.  Beers that would be $4-$7 are suddenly $4.40 to $7.70.  Even with the tax, the prices are still acceptable.  I was having trouble deciding the beer I wanted, so I asked for a sample.  The barkeep shot back that they "don't do samples, because that's how [they] keep the prices so low."  I didn't think that was true, or a good reason for denying me an ounce of beer.  It's not breaking your bank.

Bottom Line: This place is fine. If you happen to be around, check it out. It's not going to crack the top ten or even top twenty list of Philadelphia bars, but it will do just fine and continue to serve up good food and beers.
Everytime i walk in this building i rub the palms of my hands on my jeans and link my teeth together... 

The faces on the people frequenting here are mostly recognizable from the neighborhood... unfortunately though i'd rather them be strangers. 

Strangers only last as long as you want them to last, neighborhood people...fuck, they last forever. 

The beer menu here is suppose to be the beef ' in the stew, but.... its eh'.... it always seems to be eh'. 

Most of the weekends here touch on intolerable. 

Most of the food here touches hot oil... 

The ceiling though is beautiful... under the paint, it is my envy .
Sweet a local bar within walking distance of my place in W. Philly! No more having to trek to University City or Center City for drinks.

This place is amazing, as they have about 15 beers on tap. I went with the Dogfish ($5.50) and treated my roommate to two drinks for his bday.  I could easily get the attention of the bar tender, despite the high volume of people in the restaurant.

A lot of folks seem to be checking this place out, as it was pretty crowded....but as long as they have a good selection of beer (any maybe more women...) I am a happy camper
Came in with 6 adults and 4 children to have some drinks. We were seated and ordered drinks. When we said we weren't eating, we were told we would have to leave if someone came in and wanted to eat because we were taking up 4 two tops. The waitress then hastily took the menus, silverware, and condiments. 0/10 would recommend.
I am new to the area, so last Monday I decided to stroll over to Local 44 after being tipped off that it was a great bar for beer snobs.  Immediately I was impressed with the beer list, which was reasonably priced considering some of the beers.  I ordered an Allagash Tripel and was in heaven, being the lover of Belgian-style tripels that I am.
Then came the true gem of the evening: the vegan seitan rueben.  This sandwich absolutely blew me away. Biting into it created a perfect explosion of flavors and textures in my mouth.  It was simply delicious, although I cannot compare it to a regular rueben since I have never had one (I'm vegetarian).
The service was good, the patrons were charming, the food blew my mind, and the beer satisfied my thirst for a high quality brew. 
Local 44 has officially become by go-to neighborhood bar.
I went here, had a nice time, but I don't feel like giving a detailed review. I think it's because Local 44 s replaced another establishment I frequented as a West Philly resident - Murphy's.

One day, young people will trod upon the earth where my ashes have been scattered and not give a crap. Because they have no idea I ever existed. And while I ate and drank at Local 44, that is all I could think about. That I'm old and irrelevant. 

Ah, the circle of life. So fukcing beautiful.
3.5 stars.. Obviously, this place is mainly for the UPenn crowd, but you'll find graduate students and other older people here too.. so it's still within reach of my age demography and I don't feel TOO old coming here.

Anyway, this isn't the bar where things are happening, but I actually really like this place because they do have a large beer list and it's constantly changing.  To me the beer prices are also reasonable and I've been able to find a lot of beers I haven't been able to find elsewhere here, like Kwak, Raison d'être, etc.  The food is pretty good for a small bar too, and that menu changes periodically too.  It's no culinary masterpiece, but a large enough selection with almost half the menu being vegetarian-friendly.  That makes this place a constant on the local bars we go to.  Plus, the waiters and waitresses are usually pretty caught up on what beers on the large list they have, and can usually make good recommendations if you're not sure what you want.
This spot has a couple of things going for it: it's conveniently close to me and has a nice selection of craft beer. 

Aside from that, though, there isn't too much else to rave about. The food is decent, but not above average, and the staff are unfriendly. They seem constantly annoyed that we were blocking their path. We were just standing at the bar because there's hardly anywhere to sit. I'm also confused why their layout involves them walking through the entire path of the bar.

This is a decent bar, but it certainly isn't enjoyable when it gets crowded...which seems to be nearly anytime I'm there.
We've been coming here over the past couple years and it has become quite apparent that the quality of the food they serve has consistently improved. 

Aside from offering a really good selection of draft beers/ales, they really do have some fantastic bar food. 

Roasted Brussels sprouts. Trust me. These are Brussels sprouts that kids would eat. In fact, you might even fight some kids for these. Balsamic glaze, roasted perfectly. Amazing with beer. Git 'em done. 5/5

Red hot eye wings. Ummm. I think my favorite flavored wings in the city. Now I imagine there are many I haven't tried yet but seriously. What an amazing blend of flavor - coffee, cola, and sriracha - ummm. Amazingness. 

Fish & chips - pretty good - heavily battered but crispy on the outside, protecting the flaky fish inside. However, what really blew us away was the "mushy peas." Try it once and you'll know what I'm talking about!

Scallion hush puppies. What's not to like about this? It's pretty much a staple here. Very well done. You got some sweet and savory in this one with the mustard maple sauce.
Man, this place is more trouble than it's worth. I totally get that it's a solid spot for vegans, but with it's snooty service rules (dining tables are for dining, will only seat complete parties- it's a BAR!) and mediocre food, I see no reason to rush back here. The best part of my happy hour experience at Local 44 was $3 60 Minute IPAs on draft. Is there a more flawless beer? I think not.
dear local 44 management,
do something about the food!!! it's bad!! 

four stars for the beer and the staff, 2 stars for the food (i guess that averages out to 3 stars...) evening bartenders are great about helping you pick out a beer you like, and the selection is great. i haven't hung around much for happy hour, so i can't really speak to that. but this review is about the food. ugh.

the food is not good. the burgers are their only redeemable dinner item, although they are often not cooked the way i order. for brunch, i order the two egg special and am usually satisfied with that.

i find that if you go closer to dinner time, the food is slightly better, but that's not saying much. they serve till midnight, and the food gets worse and worse as the night goes on. my experience this weekend with the food was horrible. we ordered four items off the menu and none of us could eat any of it. the artichoke spinach mac was mushy, tasteless, and just plain bad. the brussel sprouts were awful, like they'd been cooked a few times before they got to me, and were brown and mushy. the fried queso salad is ridiculously expensive for what it is, and the fried queso itself is not good. the oyster mushrooms were okay, but only because you can't really mess up something that fried. it was sad to see that much food and money go to waste. 

i don't really understand why they don't do something about the food situation. it's too bad. i am disappointed almost every time i eat dinner there. but you know what they say...second time, shame on me.
What a nice bar without having to go into center city...
The beer selection was great.  The crowd was not too hipster or too college just laid back.  There were over 10 beers on tap.  Also, maybe it's just me, but I thought their prices were really cheap.  I had a franziskaner dunkel from the tap, delicious, for only 5 bucks or so...I feel like i've paid a lot more elsewhere for a bottle of this great stuff.

Another wonderful thing is that for about half the price of a full pint you can order a mini half pint...I love it!

We watched the Phillies game in a corner booth and ordered dinner.  I ordered the veggie burger.  My friend order the Cuban pork sandwich.
The veggie burgers were not homemade and did not, at all, resemble vegetables, but were still good in that I want to eat beef but not beef way.  The Cuban sandwich also looked really good.
But the FRIES were amazing.  Better than monks.  Just the right amount of salt and seasoning and fried without being soggy.  I tried the plantain chips, not so good.

Our waitress was busy but efficient with our orders and knew the beers pretty well...overall I'm pleased to have a nice place to pop into after school without going all the way over the bridge first.
Not sure how my review of Local 44 got deleted, but here's another one!

I'm moving to South Philly, but I'll definitely be back for this place.  They've definitely picked up the pace and quality in their first few months.  

For example, the events are getting awesome.  They just had a really neat Locals Only Beer Weekend, a homage to all the great local craft brews.  Sunday nights are reserved for quizzo - which is infinitely awesome, but I warn you - the quizzo host pounds you with crazy difficult questions that will drive you crazy.

The wings here are to die for.  Seriously.  They're not your usual crappy takeout wings - these babies are fried and covered in delicious sauce - buffalo or an Asian sauce, which I will be sure to try next time.  As I noted in another review, the veggie burger and fries are tasty.

Good times all around.
I really want to like this bar. 

I am a fan of Resurrection / MTR / Strangelove's and wish that the same attention and effort would be put into this place. Instead, the food is inconsistent, the service more so, and too often I get short pours from the bar.This is just disappointing. 

It seems like they are skating by on the endless supply of undergrads/grad students looking to drink and the fact that are no other gastropubs in the immediate area with which they have to compete. The result is that once every few months someone suggests trying 44 - to see if it's any better or because we are just to lazy to walk any farther. When it isn't, this intensifies the anger and annoyance that this place isn't as good as it could be and, therefore, the amount of time that passes before we will consider going back again. Meh.
The first time I've been here, I got an empanada and fries. The filling of the empanada was bland and mushy. The fries were tasteless and limp. It's hard to mess up fries in my opinion.

The food have always been subpar for me. 

One of the good things about this place is that their menu always updates. And their beer option is pretty decent.
I feel that yelp's two star blurb "Meh, I've had better" very adequately describes my feelings for this place.  I was really excited to give it a try once I found that it was Memphis Taproom related.  This place is not nearly as good though.  For one thing, it's small.  When the two skinny girls at the table next to us left, my skinny boyfriend had to get up and push in his chair in so they could leave.  The sub-optimal seating arrangement would be forgivable if the food were good, but it wasn't anything special.  I got the veggie burger, two Boca burgers with avocado and pepper jack cheese on a roll that was 1/3 larger than the burgers.  I've had better at Bennigan's.  Toppings were a dollar each. What is this, Sketch?  If you're going to charge me Sketch prices, give me Sketch quality.  Or at least Memphis Taproom quality where they make their veggie burgers.  Fries were edible, but as Henry Miller said, "Americans can eat garbage, provided you sprinkle it liberally with ketchup."  None of the other vegetarian entrees looked very appealing to me.  If they change their menu seasonally, I might give it another try on the next rotation.  Boyfriend seemed okay with the food, but he was also bothered by the size of the place.  It was a Thursday night, but the Phillie's were playing, so by the time we left the place was packed.  I'd say I'd go back for brunch, because I love the Taproom's, but I really can't take anymore disappointment.
I like the place, and the setup, but the people who work here are kind of snarky, and just automatically expect awesome tips from the beginning without the addition of friendly service.  The food also leaves something to be desired.  I like the beer selection, though, and the happy hour special (I think it was $3.00 for drafts).
I was once served a raw hamburger at the Local 44. Really raw. Raw as in cold ground meat mush. It couldn't have been grilled for more than 30 seconds on each side! They were very gracious and apologetic about it, and this isn't totally unforgivable in my book and it didn't keep me from coming back, but it does taint my view of the place. 

The other food I've had here has failed to really blow me away. The corndog bites (I think they should be re-named hushpuppydogs... like hush puppies and hot dogs! get it?!) are ok and the hamburger, once properly cooked, was pretty good. The Breakfast Bomb, a brunch option that involves scrapple and eggs and cheese and stuff in a gutted bagel, is the only entree that I'd really rave about. 

The beer list is great. To me this place is the opposite of the Memphis Taproom, which serves amazing food but rarely offers a beer I like.

I'll grab a drink at the Local 44 if I'm in the area, I just wish I could stop thinking of it as the place where I ate raw ground meat.
I used to frequent Local 44 often but a few instances of subpar food has left me wary. I still go occasionally and have recently been satisfied with the food although not overly impressed. The beer selection is good and I always enjoy a good cask ale. 

One gripe I have with many pubs is that when I ask for a pint they don't serve me 16oz's, I never bother asking if they serve an imperial pint... I am nit-picky about ales and measures and Local 44 pricing would be fine if they actually served 16oz pints or stated their measures. 

Local 44 is a decent spot ambiance-wise yet I tend to prefer Dockstreet at 50th and Baltimore consider it a better value. The pricing and average quality dissuades me from going more than once every few months but I don't mind going with friends as it's decent enough for a run of the mill craft beer pub.
Obviously I'm a fan, the bartender AND the bouncer recognize us.  But lately I haven't been impressed with the crowd that I've seen gathering at here.  Last night, granted it was a Thursday, the bar had an unfavorable ratio(21:7, guys:girls).  Maybe it's the extensive beer selection, maybe there's something else going on.  All I know is I'm probably going to be on a Local 44 hiatus for a few months.
after all the reviews and hype on yelp, i desperately wanted to love this place.  west philly needs a nice pub.
you walk in, and it's a good size place, kind of dark...full of personality, my kind of place.
the food is "meh", or perhaps a "meh-plus".  beer selection is awesome awesome awesome.
but...it's packed.  how are the bartenders going to get to know my name when i can barely squeeze by?  how can i compete with wannabe indie hipster/penn students and vie for the bartender's attention?
ack.  
so yes.  pluses on the drink and decors side.  and i want them to do well and have lots of business...but not if i can't easily find a seat and be comfortable!
Lost my business forever before I even spent a dollar.  My girlfriend and I attempted to eat dinner here at 7pm, and were seated, given menus, and served water without a problem.  We were not seated at the bar, and we did not order any alcohol, however we were still asked for our ID's after about 10 minutes.  When we asked why, the manager responded that it is the policy of the restaurant to not let anyone under the age of 21 inside after 5pm.  I had my ID, but my girlfriend did not (my girlfriend and I are 24 years old, and she is a grad student at Penn).  When we pointed out that there was a child sitting 5 feet away from us, she responded that that was different because they were accompanied by an adult.  When we pointed out that that is exactly the same circumstance that we found ourselves in (one person without an ID accompanied by one person with an ID), we were told that we had to leave without an exception.  I consider being seated and then asked to leave extremely rude, and will never eat here or recommend that anyone eat here.  

Good Riddance.

P.S. - Afterwards, we went to Honest Tom's Tacos, and it was lovely.
Happy Hour Review!

Overall Value:  This place rocks for happy hour (5-7pm weekdays).  A bunch of really great beers on draft for $3 + great bar food specials.  One of my favorite, low key happy hour spots in Philly.  

The Food: These are all happy hour prices, so I definitely factored the great deal into my overall satisfaction :-) 
Buffalo Wings ($5):  These were great.  Five really big wings that had a nice smokey flavor underneath the buffalo sauce.  Also available as BBQ or seitan wings.  I can't resist getting these every time I come here.
Fries ($4): Really large portion of shoe string fries that are fried well and have good flavor.  Also a fantastic happy hour option.  
The 44 Cheeseburger ($9):  This is normally $14, so solid savings here.  It's a good burger - not $14 worth, but at $9 I have no complaints.  Slightly small burger patty, but overall good flavor and juicy, and the sauce/cheese combo on it was on point.  It also came with a kale salad, which was actually really solid and made me feel slightly better about my life choices. It makes up for the burger/wings/fries, right?
Mac N' Cheese ($5): This one was a little disappointing.  Just lacking in flavor.  I added in some of the leftover wing sauce and that helped a bit, but I probably would not get this one again.  This is a lot cheaper than their loaded mac n' cheese ($14), but that one comes with bacon, jalapenos, etc.  I haven't tried the loaded version, so I can't say if those other additions make that version worth it.

Space and Pace: Slightly divey with a distinctly West Philly vibe - in other words, I like it.  It can fill up for happy hour ($3 drafts will do that), but there is a restaurant section in the back in addition to the bar section in the front. Potential to be my local watering hole for years to come.

Service: We sat at the bar, and the bartenders are pretty friendly.  It can be a little packed for happy hour, but we had no problem flagging them down when we needed them.
This is one of the absolute worst experiences I have ever had at a restaurant. My boyfriend and I went to Local 44 around 7pm on a Monday night for dinner. We were seated by the host in the restaurant seating. She gave us our menus and brought us water. After about 15 minutes, another waitress... I'm assuming the manager... Came out and asked for our I.D.'s - which was odd because we hadn't ordered drinks (and weren't intending to in the first place). My boyfriend had his, but I didn't have mine. She said we had to leave if I didn't have my I.D. because after 5 p.m. it's their policy that no one under 21 is allowed in. Mind you, I am 24. Anyway, I pointed out that right across from us there was a school aged kid, probably about 10 years old, eating with his family. She said that was allowed because he was being supervised by an adult. My boyfriend responded that he had his I.D. and asked how that is any different since he could be "supervising" me. The waitress just shrugged. She then told me that I could walk back to my house and get my I.D. if I lived close by while my boyfriend waited there. She was incredibly rude and just bluntly told us we had to leave. I am confused as to why we were seated and ready to order before someone came and told us this "policy". If that is, in fact, their policy, we should have been told from the get go, rather than seated and told 20 minutes later. I am furious and will NEVER EVER go back there. Don't waste your time here!!!
I've been here a few times now and each time I like it more!  The service is always superb, strangers are always conversational and the lighting is just the right amount of dim for me to feel cute! 

The vegetarian options are countless which is a win for everyone and also the animals! I've had the chicken wings years ago when I was still eating meat (delicious) and the other night I had the vegan seitan wings which were very good! The vegan ranch dressing was b o m b . I look forward to a future visit where I can explore more of the menu, gnocchi/ramen/pickled eggs/beignets etc and will update this review accordingly. 

Local 44 definitely feels like a perfect little west philly neighborhood bar where everyone no matter how different they might be, equally fits in. It just seems to work and I'm bout it bout it.
This place definitely hit the spot for me one evening.  I'm weighing in here at 3.5 stars.

I stopped in here just before seeing Much Ado About Nothing in Clark Park.  I had about 90 minute to kill and well, a couple beers and a bite with a buddy was the way I spent it.

Happy hour was in effect for "local" beers.  I drank an O'Reilly Stout and got a small order of wings.  I went with hot and I have to say that they were quite delicious.  I definitely picked up a black pepper taste as well as the normal wing sauce which I appreciated.  The hot spice level was not very hot but did have lots of flavor.  The wings themselves were cooked perfectly.

We also split an order of their beer fries and the cheese sauce over the fries was very tasty albeit a little heavy for me.  I washed it down with a Yards IPA on cask.

Overall this is a pretty nice place on a good street in West Philly.  Our bartender was quite pleasant and accommodating.  I can see myself coming back here and sampling more of their beers / food offerings.
Boy is this place happening!  I don't live in West Philly anymore, but I stopped by here last night (a Thursday) around 9, and found it packed to the gills -- which makes me think they've got something good going on.

I'm not sure exactly what it is...but I'm going to go out on a limb here and guess it's the AMAZING BEER SELECTION!  Seriously -- like 15 beers on tap, including some rarities like Ommegang (Hennepin, Abbey Ale), Six Points Sweet Action, Smoked Stone Porter and more. The prices are kinda strange -- $4.40, $5.50, $6.60 etc -- but not out of line with what I've found elsewhere. 

We didn't order food, but my pals in the neighborhood tell me the fries are excellent -- I'll try 'em next time, fo' sho. Local 44 isn't my local spot, but I'll definitely stop by again -- seems like a warm addition to the neighborhood.
The beer is still great!

The food, on the other hand, is now mediocre. I shared the Cubano and the fried chicken with my dad. They were both bland and had weird textures. It seems like they are scaling down their food options and I'd say that the food value is now a big step below the other gastropubs in the city (ie Good Dog, Abbaye, Royal Tavern, Grace Tavern). I'll probably never eat here again. :(
WTF dudes, seriously? You're the only game in town & you fail miserably. Surly staff? Check. Pretentious hop-heavy draft list? Check. Shitty policy where I have to vacate the dining room as soon as I'm  finished my meal? Check. 

But you're a block away from my house. And your greasy brunch is decent (edit - although the last time we were there, I ordered my eggs over easy & they came out with the edges burnt & the yolks solid - c'mon chef, that's rude) . And your bartender on the weekends during the day rules. Seriously, that dude is the man. 

They recently acquired an executive chef. Pretty fancy for a bar that vehemently denies being a gastropub, eh?  Well... Get rid of him. He effed up your menu. The only reason I go to your bar (besides for a hang-over curing brunch) is for a Walt Wit and the seitan Ruben. What the eff did that guy do to it??!!

A Ruben is: a heaping mound of corned beef (vegan or otherwise), sauerkraut, Russian dressing & rye bread. And that's what you served. And it was amazing. Now it's 3 slices measly of seitan, some nasty red cabbage bullshit, overly vinegary mustard and soggy pumpernickel.  BRING BACK THE OG RUBEN! Vegetarian/Vegans love simple/comfort food too!

My bf had the General Tso tofu hoagie, and normally he's a LOVER of the General. He said this tasted like lemon Smartees - not a good thing & not Tso-y at all. Another in our group had the salmon BLT. The salmon looked like it came out of an Oscar Mayer package. Get it together! Good food is simple food. 

And get some damn bourbon mayonnaise or aioli for your fries. It's 2012....
I like the beer, indeed I do. The setting is great and the kids that work there are just the right amount of helpful. BUT THE FOOD SUCKS...
Great location. Good food. Love their wings and even the vegan buffalo nuggets. Their burgers and fries (must get the fry sauce!) are also really good. Atmosphere is dark and a little loud but it is a bar so it's expected. I always have good service here. I only took a star away because I think their brunch menu could improve.
My boyfriend and I came here tonight and were seated outdoors by one of the heaters. The ambiance was very cute and we felt safe the entire time (Covid). We ordered the brussel sprouts for our starter and I ordered the fish fry while my boyfriend had the burger. We really enjoyed our entrees! They have beer and wine here. They don't have any fancy cocktails but do have a bar so you can still order gin & tonic or other basic drinks. All of the staff were nice! We will definitely be back to try more.
Though I want to love it, the Local 44 just does not always deliver. It is a solid place and will continue to go there, but I wish it was a little bit more together.

Food is good; the dishes are a good combination of smart & classic, and the menu rotates seasonally. Unfortunately, the kitchen doesn't always follow through on the great menu. I've ordered many things, from the great vegan black bean burger with avocado and fried egg on top, to some solidly good chicken & biscuits, to a forgettable seasonal salad, to some delicious ham & leek mac (bring that back!!!), and they vary in execution. My major issue is that the fries are always undercooked/the potato is still hard. Fries! With a commercial deep fryer!

Beer selection is good, but sure could have more lighting on those chalkboards. I find that the people behind the bar are great, but the staff in the dining room aren't as on top of things.

VERY strict 21+ policy; last time I was there, the bouncer wiggled my deeply bearded boyfriend's ID to check the hologram, and once we weren't allowed to each brunch (in an empty dining room! even if no one at the table ordered a drink!) because my kid sister is 20.

Just recently broke my silent-anger-at-that-incident ban and stopped by for dinner. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich, which was great--- once I requested BBQ sauce to put on top of it. The BBQ sauce had a nice subtle play of smoky & sweet, but that sandwich was mighty bland before I added it. Unfortunately, it took 15 minutes to get it-- I saw my waitress go in & out of the kitchen, bringing other patrons drinks a couple other times in between, and then someone else came out quite a bit later with the sauce. I had cleared my side salad and my dining partner was awkwardly trying to not plow through his meal.

This is why, though I want to love the Local 44 (they have all the right ingredients!), it just doesn't ever deliver quite right.
I stopped in here on a Saturday afternoon after meeting my parents who were in UCity with my sister.  We needed a place that was comfortable, had plenty of beer and wasn't near the Erin Express/Disaster.  Local 44 did the trick, as expected.

Pros:

Service was fast and friendly.  Regular water fillups, quick ordering and beers were returned/delivered quickly.  

We surprisingly all got the burgers.  They had an impossible burger which I regretted not trying.  However, my 44 CheeseBurger was great, with a well melted American slice on top and a BBQ sauce which approached but tasted more flavorful than something like a Big Mac "Special Sauce."  The fries were enjoyable but slightly on the thin size and the ketchup provided seemed to have been done so ironically (like it was barely there).  Extra ketchup wasn't hard to come by though!

Cons:

Apparently, one burger was served under the preferred medium temp - I wasn't really paying attention, but apparently one of my parents was unhappy. They ate it anyway when I offered to say something.  I guess it wasn't that big of a deal.  YMMV.

The beer prices were in line with normal local/micro brews, but the food seems a little high for West Philly (14 dollars for a burger and fries).  The happy hour deals are pretty solid, so it all evens out.  

Conclusion:  
Comfy, cozy, relaxing and enjoyable - Local 44 does the trick without or at least less of the college rif raf.  The neighborhood is shifting which I suppose supports the prices, but it can be a little high.  None-the-less, quality and experience is there.  I can and do return.
The 20 taps/one bottle system is genius. With beer from the likes of Lost Abbey on draft, this is an A+ spot to wet your whistle. 

Also, they have Frito pie, a heartstopping delicacy not normally seen 'round these parts. It's even served in dishware, as opposed to the customary ripped Fritos bag; how fancy. 

Throw in a great jukebox, and I'm won over. If you don't like crowds, go ahead and stop in before lunchtime like me. No judgment here.
Honestly, I have tried to like this place. I live a few blocks away and went there at least 5 times hoping, wanting, wishing that things would change. Nope. The service is not good. My boyfriend and I watched an entire room get served and leave before our order was brought to us, and all we ordered was eggs and toast. Every time I have been here, similar experience. Long wait time, inattentive staff, lackluster food. It is also WAY out of it's league as far as prices go...subtract about 4 dollars from everything on the menu and you are closer to where you should be. I won't waste my time coming here again, especially with the plentiful options elsewhere.
Local 44 is one of the nearby establishments that my girlfriend and I have wanted to visit for some time, but haven't for one reason or another. 

We spent New Years Day at Local 44 and decided to see what the brunch fare offered - upon being carded at the door, we settled at a small table near the bar. I decided upon chicken and dumplings and my girlfriend ordered an Irish cheesesteak (specials offered during New Years Day). 

Other reviewers have noted that service could be sloooooow, especially on weekends. I mentally kept note of when we ordered and we both ordered a craft brew for $8 a glass. As people filtered in, it was easy to spot the regular patrons - a nod or handshake was all that was required to get in without being carded, a benefit of being a regular. As some patrons sat at the bar and placed their orders, we had been waiting 30 minutes for our food. Huh.

Ten minutes later, out comes some food; one cheesesteak! My girlfriend's foo...huh? It went to the patrons who ordered 30 minutes after us? Two minutes later, more food is served, and we finally get our food, as do the other customers who arrived after us. Maybe they cook food in batches, or being a regular certainly has benefits? 

Local 44 definitely has a vibe that fits in with University City/West Philly, and they have a broad spectrum of beers, but avoid their brunch menu. The food may be ok/somewhat tasty, but be prepared to wait a good length of time before you eat. We may return on the next leap year, after this month.
This place is a hit or miss. I've been here many times. It's affordable and they have a great beer selection, fun quizzo nights, and a nice TV at the bar where you can watch sports games. 

Once, I ordered buffalo chicken wings, and they were some of the best chicken wings I've ever had, but the service I got from the bearded bartender was terrible. 

At other times, the food is lackluster, but the service is amazing - most recently from server Ashley, if I recall her name correctly. While I had great shrimp and grits for brunch at one point and the French toast is pretty decent, their fried Brussels sprouts are greasy and their cheeseburger is average. The fries that come with some dishes are either very crispy or very soggy, depending on the day. 

To its credit, Local 44 does not pretend to be anything more than what it is. If there was a bit more consistency in food quality, I'd give this place 4 solid stars because it's a good local bar to hang out with friends.
I hardly ever get over there but continually one of my favorite draft lists around and they occasionally get some funky stuff on.

The bottle shop is a beast... always delightful shit to be found upstairs.

The food is solid and always has veggie and/or vegan options. Clearly one of the best spots in W Philly, if not the thee.

Of note: Kelsie (sp?) rocks. She's a bad-ass = stellar service.
So far, so good. Local 44 comes highly anticipated which is probably why it has been so incredibly crowded. I don't mind, though. It's great to see so many people from the neighborhood hanging out together. The beer list is incredible - and I'm afraid that the Raison D'Etre brew may become my new raison d'etre. I haven't tried the food yet, but my friend said her BLT was the best ever. And the homemade sweet potato chips looked pretty, well, sweet. I wish there were more places to sit, but for now I'm just so happy it's finally open. Keep it coming, Local 44!
Great beer, not-so-good food. 

The beer list is extensive and I've liked every beer I've had. I've been probably four or five times in the past year and the staff has always been nice and helpful. Atmosphere is good, as well.

Unfortunately, the food is really mediocre. I've had a few things that weren't bad (if you order them at happy hour and get half off, but not worth it at full price), but mostly I end up wishing I hadn't ordered anything at all. I heard that the food used to be good, so maybe they need to consider re-hiring the old chef. 

Their quizzos are pretty fun, too, but some of the questions are ridiculously obscure, even for random trivia.
I live in West Philadelphia and absolutely love this bar. I go there when I'm up, when I'm down, heck- whenever I feel like it!

I think the happy hour from 5-7pm on weekdays is great, with $3.00 local beers. Every once in a while we get a beer on the house, which keeps me coming back for more! The ever-changing beer selection is both expansive and easily accessible. Let's say you want to bring your father who just wants something cold, GREAT! But then you got your brother, the beer snob, you know what? GREAT! Your mom? LOVES THAT PILSNER. GREAT!  Then you have a date, and its perfect for hanging out. And drinking some BEER. 

I will say it can get crowded around happy hour on nice days, especially since it's close to Penn, which can lead to copious amounts of grad students, but heck, there is room to stand and they never stay too long.   

As for the food, I love it! My husband and I used to have a burger every week, and I can say the veggie is not as good as the meatie. But the veg options are still good. The fries are great, especially with a little of the malt vinegar! C'mon then you get an ICE COLD BEER to wash it down? GREAT.
Fried Brussel Sprouts. So delicious they haunt me in my dreams. Great beer selection. Cheers to doin' it well!
My wife and I come here a few times a year--it's not our favorite place, but it's close to home and an OK place for a quick dinner date and a drink or two. (We have a 3-year-old, so that can be rare.)

I like that the menu is always changing, but that means the food can be really inconsistent. As others have mentioned, the service can be inconsistent as well. Most of the servers are pleasant enough, but sometimes they can lay the too-cool, beer-snob hipster act on a little too thick. That said, we only had one truly bad experience where the food and service ruined the night. We explained this to management and they gave us a coupon to cover the costs of another meal. (That was fair, we thought, so forgive the one bad experience as a rarity, but it's still worth mentioning.)

My wife enjoys the craft beer selection, but--again, as others have noted--the prices are insane and they don't sample their drinks. You have to commit to a $15 beer without any assurance you'll enjoy it. 

The food is decent--slightly above average, I guess. The variety is nice, though, and some of the dishes are creative. They always have something that appeals to me.
Living in West Philly, this is a local spot for local beer and pub food. I wish I could give this place more stars because it's literally 2 blocks away, but everything is average here. Food is your standard pub food, local beers at a local price, and regular ol service and decor. Nothing amazing, nothing bad.
Went there with a couple of friends and my fiance to help celebrate the tapping of the Racer 5 Double IPA on July 4th. Was pleased to find out that the bar is open every day, even holidays, which is nice if you need a quick escape from the craziness of in-laws. 

Bartender was friendly and took care of us. As for food, I had the two hot dogs, home made potato chips. The "dogs" were grilled well, and the chips were crisp and perfectly salted. Definitely a perfect food for the 4th. 

The beer selection was great as well. My fiance had the watermelon lager, which she enjoyed. I stuck to the double IPA, watched some Tour De France followed by Phils. 

Overall a great place. I was there once on a Saturday evening and it was a lot more hectic. The beer selection definitely is A+. 

Will be back there again...and again.
Decent vibe. Divey but clean. Cool place to have a drink. BUT  better know what you like!no room for trying new things. they are big on their variety of local beers, which I'm into! I tried one that I did NOT like at all and could not drink. I asked to switch for a lighter beer and I was denied. I left the entire beer undrunk.(sp? Weird). I also witnessed a bartender explaining the menu on arrival to another party and I receive nothing like that. Not even the occasional bar service. It seemed like they only tended to regulars :(
Yesterday was Local 44's sixth anniversary. That gave me a reason to think about how it's changed since it opened. I lived around the corner then. I was delighted, the food was great, service was personal, and the atmosphere convivial--I gave them five stars then. It continues to be the only gastropub in the neighborhood. Perhaps some competition would have helped them maintain that quality. 

Six years have taken their toll. The food seems an afterthought now. Over the last year, I've had one too many meals where the food has been undercooked. Nevermind that the kitchen seems incapable of cooking a burger to temperature. It doesn't matter what you ask for, it's always rare. The bigger problem is chicken. Twice I ordered fried chicken, and thrice it was visibly undercooked (I sent it back the first time and the replacement was also undercooked--I settled for a salad). 

Its slow descent south of mediocrity has cost the neighborhood one of its treasures. Alas.
Let me preface this by saying: If Local 44 had more competition in West Philly, I'd probably give it three stars (or 3.5, rather, if I could).

My gripes with the place are as follows: It can get very busy/hot/loud (I understand it's a bar but something about the walls and ceiling make it harder than would be expected to hear a conversation) and they seem slightly understaffed at times -- I've had to wait a while at the bar or table before being served or asked for a refill. The food is excellent (great wings, corndogs and spinach croquettes), although because of its heavy vegetarian focus, many of the menu items don't jump out at me as interesting or "that sounds amazing." 

Beer is fresh and usually plentiful (over a dozen taps of microbrews; only one bottled beer is offered: Orval), but again, I don't love the variety -- a little too much IPA, even in the winter, and a little too much Philly-area beer (I know it's called "Local" 44, but some more Brooklyn, Russian River or Rogue would be great). And when they do get a keg in of something I really love, like St. Bernardus 12 or Mad Elf, it never lasts very long. Props that they're always changing the selection.

Anyways, when it comes down to it, Local 44 does a lot of things right. But you know this place can be SO much better with only a few small changes. But there are no other legitimate gastropubs west of the Schuylkill, so I love Local for what it is, rather than hate it for what it's not.
