Had a 5 hour layer over,  so to a bar we went! This place has a cool concept, but that's about it.  You order on tablets,  which can get confusing and time consuming.  I want to talk to a human being,  not order on a computer,  especially since someone is getting my tip. 
The prices are very expensive, but their beer selection is good. We didn't eat anything because the food was also very expensive. We went somewhere else to eat and then came back there to drink.
If you don't order something within 20 minutes , the tablet automatically cashes you out ( you need to swipe a credit card). I got a big beer and I can't drink that in 20 minutes so I wasn't fond of that idea of having to keep running my credit card. Because of this we only had 2 beers, they are costing themselves and money.
Lastly when it cashes you out it puts an automatic 18% gratuity on your bill. If you're cashing yourself out, without being timed out, you can choose which gratuity you want to leave.
With technology taking over everything in the world it's nice to talk to human beings when you go out to eat, & I don't like having to order through a machine. The person is getting the full tip but the only doing half the job
Oh, and their shots are 10 dollars!!??!? Uhhhhhhh no.
Been here twice during layovers, mostly because they have comfortable seating and outlets to charge your electronics. Lot's of tv's around to help pass the time.  Every seat has an ipad for you to self order food and drinks of the menu. Ordering is easy but I miss the human interactive..if you want to add or subtract something it's difficult. I ordered a pale ale beer and the server had to come over and tell me they are all out. 

On one of my layovers, I ordered the french toast with bacon and potatoes. Large portion, everything was good... but could of used more syrup. I understand this is a fast way to serve multiple people, but i miss the customer service experience.
When I realized I would have to jump on a shuttle to catch my flight from Terminal F I had no idea what to expect - the same industrial look and limited food vendors of the main building? Nope. I felt like I was walking into the Philadelphia Airport of my dreams. Le Bus, Chipotle, Smashburger and others surrounded the food court, but one restaurant stood out from the others: Local. LOCAL?

I took one look at the chalkboard menu, spotted the eggs benedict, and took a seat. A hostess explained that all ordering would be done on the iPad in front of me and I was left to my own devices. I found the ordering process to be easy but I can only imagine how folks like my grandparents would fare. One thing I definitely noticed was that there weren't really options for customizing dishes. Not option to get hollandaise on the side - it was either on or off but nowhere between. Also, no option for a simple glass of ice water, which I ended up requesting when my coffee was brought over by a runner. 

Some people have complained about the lack of a human element here, but that didn't really bother me so much as the minor inconveniences of the ordering process that would be better conveyed by a person than a computer. But the fact that I was able to get a decent eggs benny in an airport made me forget all about that. Also, the fact that I was able to pay immediately after ordering, gratuity included, and conveniently be on my merry way the moment I was done? Priceless.
Basically self serve . Come in self seat ... since it's 6:30 in the morning lol. Lots of seating . 

The server will come and greet and give a quick intro on how to order . Order from the tablet in front of you and then swipe it credit card at the table . 

Mimosa (5/5 stars) 
Usually the mimosa in California is subtle but theirs man you felt the champagne immediately . 

F O O D 

Side of Bacon (5/5) 
Their bacon is so darn good. Cooked to a goood crisp but also soft . Yum 
 
Philadelphia Cheesesteak Omelet (5/5 Stars) 
Best omelet I ever had . Usually I ha e the basic veggie and chicken or something elsewhere but since I'm in Philly, gotta try the cheese steak. 
It's even better than actual Philly cheesesteak sandwich I had last night from Geno's or Pat! Yummmmmm. And the potatoes are like cubes French fries . Love it !
Mediocre at best. You'd think that by using iPads to order (a bit confusing at first) to minimize their operating costs with fewer waitresses they'd put the savings towards food and prep quality. Breakfast arrived as room temp.  eggs over cooked, cold toast and sliver thin bacon.  No thanks for $13.00!!
You order on an iPad. 

YOU ORDER ON AN IPAD. 

On the plus side, the food is good.  The iPad thing is pretty cool, though I will point out that the games are weird and nonsensical.  

Service is really good.  

Overall not too bad for an airport bar.
Probably the nicest restaurant in the food court area of Terminal F, LOCAL has tables and high top seating. At the hightops, their iPad ordering system is great. Who doesn't love pictures of the meals in addition to descriptions? It's nice to get a reminder as well that your flight is on time or late or boarding. Very nice.

Service was decent but lacking in some areas. I specifically asked for a printed receipt when I checked out, but it never arrived. I also hit the button to call over a waiter (so that my dirty plates would be removed) but no one ever showed up for that either.

The food and beer choices were great. I had something local from the "Local Beers" section of the menu. Nice to see that highlighted! For a starter, the deviled eggs were good. Four halves with piped egg yolks was tasty and easily bite-sized. Maybe a little bland, but still good. For main, the calamari salad was very nice. Hot fried octopus with arugula and other greens and a light dressing was filling and yummy.
Pricey but one of the better options for craft beer at the Philadelphia airport in the later hours this Sunday. Apparently it was supposed to be intuitive to do all the ordering on an iPad and senior my card before before talking with a human. (I playfully got teased for this by the bartender.) 

They were playing the Olympics, so that's cool. I do find it somewhat sad that every seat has an iPad in front of it, though.
I hesitate in writing this nasty review as i've had great drinks, and great dinners here.
But i'm pissed

I stopped for breakfast between flights and got a simple eggs, toast and potatoes.  That  should take 8 minutes max.

Its cool how you order on the iPad and how your food, like magic, appears without you have to talk to anyone. But it comes at a price....

 i sat there this time and waited and waited and waited, no food, i think they were trying to starve me out..  Finally I was able to get the attention of a server, which took about 20 minutes since I placed the order.

She said she would check and I watched her walk over and pick up a plate from where it was obviously sitting in the "to be delivered" section.

I get my food and to my horror its cold.... Not warm.... Not luke warm, cold.  There is nothing worse than a cold breakfast.  She even forgot my Jam for my toast,  and just said "here ya go", I joked that it was left behind and she then left me behind to go tap away on her cell and forget about other customers.  I took one bite and knew it would be wretched...


I then tried to get her attention again, could not get it. I tapped on the iPad found a call server button.  Waited waited oh mother #%*$&. I snagged her vision once, made eye contact she walked away, walked passed me.  My flight is now boarding, so all I get time for while I'm walking away is to say, "thanks for the cold breakfast!"

Worst part, I could not even stiff her on the tip, its auto added when you order your food.
Thats bull, you tip on good service not just because.

I'll try this place again but that was certainly not a 14.00 breakfast.
The food is "meh", and everything is "airport" overpriced, but the service is vastly superior to its neighbors.  This is the place to go for a drink and a meal in Terminal F. 

Looking at these Ipad ordering/payment stations at each chair makes one think of convenience and speedy service... Local Tavern's system is a bit unclear... but it works; your credit card is used to "open a tab" when you place your food order; when done eating, you "close the tab" to make final payment and adjust the tip.   Thus, Local Tavern's staff retains the incentive to provide you with good service.  

This is in stark contrast with other Ipad restaurants in the airport that seek payment and tip up-front - a very bad idea!  Based upon our limited experience, the tip incentive makes a very big difference in the service culture.
This is one of a kind restaurant: you order the food/drinks by yourself using an iPad that is securely attached and is placed in front of you. Somebody is there to help you out, in case you need help. While I like technology, I believe that this kind of new way of eating is taking out the beauty of interacting with a human being. That's the reason for my 3-star.
Food is decent, but a little expensive.
I so wanted to like this place. But it fell so very flat. You order via iPad -- which automatically adds 18% tip by default, unless you change it. Before you get any service you are expected to tip. They email you your receipt. Minimal human interaction. I ordered the "special" pork belly sandwich, a beer, and an order of duck fries with cheese sauce. The beer was good. The sandwich came with fries -- even though there was no mention of fries on the iPad when I ordered it, nor any fries in the picture of the sandwich. So I wasted $7 on fries I didn't want or finish. The fries were pretty good, and I did taste a difference from the duck fat. But the sandwich was awful. The pork belly was 35% fat and gristle, and didn't taste marinated at all. And it was supposed to have fried onions on it, which it didn't.  For something like $14 it totally sucked. Needs to be removed from the menu. And the "surf the web for free!" iPads were another fail. I tried looking up a review on Yelp and wound up redirected to a Tums ad that I couldn't bypass. Found something else to read and after about 2 minutes of idle time the iPad decided I had walked away and reverted to the home page. Totally shity experience. Oh, and a cute cashier girl behind the counter kept telling the line cook who was flirting with her "you so nasty!  You disgusting!"  Just what I like to hear when I'm eating.  Other than that, she was bored out of her head, doodling on napkins... because you swipe your credit card at the iPad station that is in front of every seat.  Very rare than a cashier is needed at all, considering paper receipts aren't even provided.  Poor thing was bored out of her mind... but obviously had no clue that loudly saying "you so NASTY!" to the person preparing my food wasn't exactly conducive to a pleasant dining experience.

Won't be back. EVER.  Gratz on earning one of my exceedingly rare 1-star reviews.

*edit* I didn't check the Yelp reviews before eating at this place because the "free internet" in Terminal F shit the bed and I couldn't even connect to Yelp via 3G on my iPhone for some reason.  It's good to see that every other review of this place reinforces my opinion that it sucks rancid donkey dongs.  What a shame.  Somebody had an artistic vision when setting up this business but the execution is a case study in absurdly fucked up.  I don't think I've ever been more disappointed with a restaurant, in part because it looked so promising when I walked up to it, saw all the beer taps, and read the menu.  What a huge failure.
No Good, Unprofessional wait staff

     I recently passed through the airport on a long layover and decided to tryout this place being the beer connoisseur that I am.  After walking in I some how managed to find a spot at this crowded place at the bar to which i was first confused with the iPad experience. I ended up ordering a beer flight and then later a Scallop special that they had going on. needless to say the dishes were overpriced for the amount of food that was received. It wasn't till after I made my first initial purchase that I read more into the reviews. **PAY ATTENTION PEOPLE! Why are you tipping when a MACHINE does all the work. Needless to say I didn't tip at all for my main meal. Also you need to look closely as the "default" tip is set at 18%. You do however have the option to scroll to your preferred percentage.
     Typically when visiting a restaurant I like to look around and observer the wait staff and how they are running things which was very easy at this location. I actually just so happened to take a photo of the shift Manager standing in front of me playing games on his cellphone. 
****Also be extremely watchful of your Credit Cards as my info was also skimmed from one of the automated checkout service they have.
     The experience was so bad that I took the time and filled out the customer survey they had on the iPads and briefly mentioned the manager texting. 2 days later o got an email back from Corporate requesting the photo of the manager. I passed it along and nothing was said again from the place or about it.

**Overall, not the place I would visit again if i had a layover and certainly NOT a place to swipe your credit card. Unprofessional staff and unreliable electronic equipment.
**Read the reviews First**
Probably one of the best restaurants in the PHL airport when it comes to quality, service, & staff friendliness. The prices are fair because it's airport food it tends to be on the higher side. With that said I work in and out of airports so I've had a fair share of airport meals. At this specific location in terminal F I've ordered the Bacon, egg,& cheese on a brioche bun with a side of home fries ( you can make any changes to your order on an iPad). The most delicious breakfast sandwich I've had at an airport period! You can literally watch the chefs cook your order. I've also visited for lunch and I ordered the Grilled cheese with bacon and French fries I did swap the cheddar for provolone but same situation very delicious fresh and very quick service all the staff is super friendly & attentive!
This jawn is at the airport in philly. Terminal F. I decided to stop here since I got to the airport way early. 

There was plenty of seating both at tables and at the bar. It was breakfast time and I was happy to see they had a good variety of breakfast items. 

The lemon ricotta pancakes sounded awesome but I stuck with the traditional bacon and eggs. There are tablets at every table and you can order your food right on the tablet. Pretty cool. You can also pay on the tablet and include your tip so there is no waiting around for the bill once you are done. 

The people working here were all busy helping customers. Someone helped me with my order, another person brought my drink, and another person brought my food. Great service from the staff. 

My breakfast was delish. Hot with the eggs cooked just how I like them. I will definitely eat here again next time I'm in terminal F. 

The food was
Wish the place had a bit more signage, as far as seat yourself, order with the iPad, you have to pay before your order goes in, etc. 

It was a bit off-putting to see 5-6 employees hanging around but not to be able to order from them! That being said, the orders came out quickly and the employees were friendly and helpful. 

Weak vodka soda (I'm a lush!), cold beer, decent wings and fried pickles. Expensive like all airport food is. There are limited choices in the airport , but this place will tide you over while waiting for your flight.
There is a lot to love with this Local Tavern. I highly recommend you head to Gate F and grab a seat. Rich the GM provided the KINDEST and CLASSIEST customer service today! Also the Italian pork roast sandwich was delicious. Here are the deets:

Due to an unfortunate set of circumstances and a mistake I made, I found myself at PHL airport in a financial quandary. I had neglected to pack my wallet and was 90 minutes away from a 6-hour flight while quite hungry. I *really* needed to buy some food! I do have Apple Pay on my phone but I couldn't find anyone at PHL airport that takes this form of payment. As soon as Rich heard my plight, he walked me up to the ordering station (they use iPads at Local Tavern) and took care of the order. I was shocked and also so very grateful. This really IS the City of Brotherly Love and apparently, also the city of excellent customer service.

My Italian pork roast sandwich came with fries and a perfect side dish of *spicy* red peppers. COMFORT FOOD. It would have cost $13.50 for this plate which I think is reasonably priced especially while at the airport. 

The servers were friendly as well. 

Lots of electrical and USB plugs conveniently located all along the top of the bar for your powering-up pleasure.
Super convenient for the frequent flyer! The food is good and drinks are cold. If you frequent the American commuter terminal at PHL you should stop by. It's consistent, reliable, and fast. I live the iOrdering option.
I'm not sure why this place has so many low ratings. I was very happy with my visit. This place uses an innovative computerized system to place your food and drink orders, and to pay with debit or credit card right at your table. Every seat has an iPad that you use to browse through the menu for food and drinks, and to place your order. The system is very easy to use and shows nice quality pictures of the food that is available. This place also has a huge selection of craft, local and imported beers, and a very nice wine selection as well. 

I ordered the Cob salad with Salmon, and it was much better than I expected. Everything was very fresh, and the salmon was cooked just right. It was not cheap, but the quality was very good. 

The iPads can also be used to access the Internet and go to some popular sites. Great tool to keep you company if you are eating by yourself. Also, the restaurant has lots of large TVs that are visible from almost any place. 

If you are at this airport, I highly recommend this place. Enjoy!
Sitting at the airport on a four hour layover so why not review my lunch? The service (as many have said are ordered through iPads) was fast. Drinks were out in 3 minutes and food within 10. The veggie burger was decent, it held its shape and didn't fall apart. It was extra for cheese and the guacamole didn't really do a whole lot in the flavor department. The Bloody Mary was subpar but what can you expect for a $13 airport Bloody Mary? Big plus for the outlets at the tables/bar.
Skip it. You'll be happier if you go to one of the umpteen fast food places in the terminal. Ordering from an iPad isn't as great as it sounds and expecting a 15 to 25% tip without talking to me is not cool. The drink list is good but pricey. The food is mediocre and expensive for what it is. 

I wonder if I should click the "need assistance"button to share this with the ipad assistant.
Be prepared to order from a tablet that is a bit temperamental. I'm all about technology but seemed a bit clunky still on their end. After that service was fast. Wings and fried pickles hit the spot. Liquor is a short pour and overpriced. I would go with beer.
Probably the strangest bar I've ever been to! I stopped in for a beer before a flight. It's great if you want to sit down and work on your laptop before a flight (or write a Yelp review, as I am), but it goes downhill from there. 

To order that beer I had to navigate around the iPad app and find the beer I wanted (which took some time, even though I knew what I wanted), then after realizing they have no concept of a "tab" I had to pay for that one drink now. By credit card - and prepaying the tip before you've seen any service. As it turns out they didn't have what I wanted to hand so it took another 5 minutes of them digging around to find what I wanted.

It's funny that most of the staff look like they're stuck for something to do. Now if I want to do it again, I have to go through the iPad again, another transaction on my credit card and another blind tip.

It's an interesting idea, and I'm reasonably tech savvy (I do own an iPad) but I don't think it works. Ordering a bottled beer should not take longer than 30 seconds. It's strange for a bar to make this effort to be so anti-social. Once I've finished this one, I'll be moving on and looking for a normal bar.
This seemed like a great idea at the start, but it fails at the very core level of restaurantship. The food was mediocre at best. First and foremost the iPads at every seat and high chair plus new aged decor lured me in, but left me high and dry without the courtesy of a happy ending in the end. I ordered using their snazzy iPads, but when I got my beer it had some kind of little object in it. Let's call it mystery twig. I promptly asked for a replacement and they obliged. 

Next thing were the size of the appetizers. They were huge. I did not expect them to be so big, and normally i would entertain the notion of welcoming large plates of food, however in this case I was sadly disappointed. I decided to order the orange chipotle wings. When they came I didn't detect either orange nor chipotle. The meat seemed a tad under completely cooked and had no flavor what so ever. The glaze which they seemingly added after cooking the wings had a separated taste. You taste the glaze then as you bite in deepest you are lost in a sea of blandness. The only thing that saved the dish was the blue cheese dressing. Normally I finish every plate of wings I ever order even if it's mediocre. Sadly not In this case. Come on guys... You can do better.

I also ordered a burger that I custom made myself. I have yet to eat it because I was so full after eating the wings, yet so unsatisfied that I decided to head to my connecting flight instead and eat the burger later at my final destination. 

I wished I would have looked at yelp reviews before I ate here, could have saved me the blandness I experience in my life. 

My advice is to steer clear! Bon Voyage!
So-so service. I asked for a carry out and they just served me my drink like I'm dining in so I asked if they could pack it. They asked if it has alcohol and I said no and they just gave me a plastic coffee cup. The servers aren't too friendly either. The food was good. I got the Philly cheesesteak and fries but the drink was meh. It tasted like diluted sparkling fruit juice
OMG how can you people possibly have given this 2.5 stars?  Let me guess, Sbarro Pizza in Philly's airport has better stars (will check this after review is complete).  This place is incredible, from the atmosphere to the food selection to the service to the prices to the iPad ordering system to the flat screens to the concept.  OK I"m done with the accolades, I'm just unclear on why Yelpers give this place "mediocre" ranking.  Ridiculous and makes me question either A.  Other Yelpers criteria or B. My criteria.  Since I like my criteria, I win.  I had a stellar experience and since so much of The Local is unquestionably cool atmosphere (unlike 99% of airport restaurants) and fantastic food with reasonable pricing, I've come to the conclusion that malcontents outnumber happy people on Yelp.

Food: Sauteed spinach plate (served on a hot cast iron plate with a wood charger, 6 bucks.  Perfectly sautéed, with fresh garlic and mildly salted, I gave it a 10; deviled eggs served with fresh chives and smoky paprika, as fresh a deviled egg (AKA cholesterol pills, according to my R.N. aunt) as I've had the pleasure of ingesting, again 6 bucks for 4 halves, I gave it another 10; and the coup de gráce, a Philly Cheesesteak with Provolone and mushrooms (12 bucks), which was amazing (could not finish even 1/2 of the sandwich, pitiful me).  I give it a 9.5.  And again, served on a hot cast iron dish with a solid wood charger to allow handling it on the placemat.

Wine: William Hill Chardonnay Napa Valley for 9 bucks.  'Nuff said.

If The Local needs an investor to expand, please call me!

Almost forgot: 60 beers on tap (that's right, 60).  I don't care about others' experiences, this place is so far off the charts of quality airport restaurants that I'm truly flummoxed by the star rating (Philly Airport is a different story...). 

PS Need a charging station for your phone or computer?  Every single bar seat has individual stations (doubles at that).  Winner winner, Local is it.
I stopped here when my flight home was delayed because it has a cool, modern feel to it.  You do need to order your meals through an iPad but I've encountered that in other airports and didn't mind.  I ordered the cheesesteak and a tall beer from a giant list of local and national beers.  The cheesesteak was good.  The bread was soft and the meat was flavorful.  

But, then I encountered some issues.  My iPad wasn't working properly so I moved to the next seat over at the recommendation of the server.  I ordered a second beer and it was taking forever.  Luckily, the staff is attentive and checked on me frequently.  I was able to get my second beer very quickly after I let the server know that it was missing.

My biggest complaint though is that I never received my email receipt.  It's been about a week since I was there.  I was traveling for work and my corporate credit card was giving me issues.  I paid with my personal credit card and now I can't be reimbursed for dinner since I don't have a receipt.  Even though the meal was good and the service was quick (aside from the bar staff), I am not thrilled that I didn't get the receipt.
What's more obnoxious than asking for a tip at the beginning of the meal you ask? Why giving crappy service of course! Waited almost 30 mins for my food. And my side salad was a cherry tomato and ton of iceberg lettuce. One cherry tomato and iceberg lettuce does not a salad make. That's like ordering a cheeseburger and you get burger and a cherry tomato. I would have logged a complaint, but the waitress never stopped by. And really they're not waitresses because waiting would be involved. That's like going to a restaurant and ordering food on an Ipad and putting in an 18% tip and expecting to receive decent service... Which is what I did. Keep your expectations low and your tips lower is my recommendation. Eat at Chipotle the service is better or order from a vending machine which the service is equally as good and doesn't ask for a tip.
To be fair, this place has a cool concept and attempts to pull it off in an airport. Order on the provided iPad. Varied farm to table style menu. Lunch & dinner options are better than breakfast. The pancakes were great but I can't beloved they served it w fake maple syrup?! The coffe was bitter. But my egg sandwich w Cabot cheddar & turkey sausage was good. Comfy seating, lots of craft beer choices.
Ok, I would give it NO stars if I could.  I wanted to try it, sit and have a beer in a nice atmosphere, soak it up.  But the learning curve (for their ordering system, not the iPad) was too long, I didn't like the prepay your tip part, and I was busy tapping on my phone which I can do AND order a beer at other places.  A nice server quickly showed me the ropes, but i was not convinced.  After 5 minutes of chatting with my brother and a co-worker (on my phone) I walked next door and had a beer in under 60 seconds.  Plus i was able to continue my conversations!  Want a beer?  go someplace else.  Wanna be hip?  You'd better get there quick.  At the rate they are going they'll be gone in a flash.  Suggestion to the owners:  Its a no brainer, lose the gimmicks.  its not "cool" or effective, only lame. Case in point, I spent my $$ elsewhere!
Local is a pretty average place for airport eats. In the F gates, it's one if only 2 sit down places, and it has a larger menu than the other place. Like all newfangled airport places, you place your order on an IPad and someone brings it to you eventually. Kind of like an overpriced Panera. 

Despite the exciting menu descriptions (heirloom potatoes, gin bacon, etc) it's airport food so don't get your hopes up high. I had a veggie burger - it had discernable and identifiable veggie chunks and little to no flavor. It was edible and at $11 not terribly priced. 

Alcohol, on the other hand? Well, I don't know who pays $14 for a glass of grocery store wine, but it ain't me.
Mediocre food and service. Good beer selection.

Honestly I really wanted to like this place. I would  forgive the lacklustre service if the food was good. Sadly it is not. Terribly executed and overpriced. Save your money and have a really good cheese steak at Tony Luke's and THEN come over here for a beer.
One of the best - if not THE best - airport dining experiences I've ever had. Start with the roominess allocated to each seat, much more space than being jammed up against each other at most airport bars. Fast efficient ordering system via iPads at each seat, great when in a rush, and available for free wifi access. I had a great meal - shrimp and grits, freshly presented in a hot skillet. Good coffee.  Pleasant decor and lighting. Huge tap beer selection.  Bi e booze selection. Wish they would duplicate this between terminals A-C so passengers on mainline aircraft could more easily access it (it is located in Terminal F, which is for commuter/smaller aircraft).  I wish this concept was in airports everywhere.
This place was awesome! I had a four hour layover in the Philly airport a couple of weeks ago, and my friend and I came here to eat. We didn't know what to expect, but we HAD to get away from the other greasy options at the food court. 

Local Tavern is a great concept. There are individual seats with iPads that you can use to order your food (NOTE: you will need to pay with your credit card). A server comes to take your drink order or help you with anything else you may need. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich with fries, which was so good! I also heard the philly cheesesteak, fish tacos, and sweet potato fries are good.

If you're in the Philly airport, go to terminal F and try this spot out! You won't be disappointed.
I'm a huge foodie person with a palate for great tasting food, quick service, and relaxing atmosphere. This place is a gem hidden in an airport (this is so not airport food!!) 
Try the delicious Philly cheesesteak!! Sit at the bar and watch the chefs in action! Awesome entertainment! Pristine prep areas and techniques! This foodie and nurse is highly impressed and so glad I chose this place!! Thank you AA for a longer layover! Lunch was fantastic!
If you are looking for speedy and timely for food options and drinks at a hefty price (same for all airports so it is relative) it is pretty cool to order your items on stationary iPads and it felt like the food was out in a couple of short minutes. 

They have a good selections of beers for airport fare so i ordered a local red ale and it was cold and frosty and tasty but someone at the party I was with ordered a makers  near and that bad boy cost more than some of our bills combined :)

Service was prompt but there really was no interaction ... order food ... drop off said food and then be on your way with everything being done through the iPad. 

But I gave it a mid grade because the sandwich was tasty and the beer was refreshing ;)
The place seems attractive with all the iPad technology to order and pay.
The food is nothing special and overpriced. 
But worse, there is no service... I mean, they put what you ordered in the IPad on the table and it's all. Not a word!
If you want to ask for ketchup or something like that, there's nobody to ask.
And as you pay in the beginning, you give tip in advance. 
No coming back for me!
Good bar atmosphere and plenty of bar space as sometimes the good bars at the airport don't have much space. Had the cheesesteak and although it's not Pats it's still pretty good. But I upgraded to the sweet potato fries and they are superb. Definitely top sweet potato fries I've had. Would recommend!!
Terrence Terrence Terrence, what an ABSOLUTE BREATH OF FRESH AIR... after going through hell. All I have to say LOCAL, you need to clone him and promote him, he's a KEEPER and great for folks that come through here. His smile, laugh and over all genuine good energetic vibes he gives everyone. A great bartender and great person to have representing your establishment. We had shrimp and grits, pretty yum, savory, and a lemon drop. Thank you Terrence for making an awful experience so nice.
You are going to be tempted to eat at LOCAL. You will be tempted and you will give in like a Kardashian at a hot dog cart and then you will regret it because you did not heed the warnings from people with things like brains and taste buds.

You will give in to the greedy firings of the membranes in your cellulite because you will see iPads at every table. And you will do what every mindless automaton does, and you will sprint to the table, sit down, and molest the iPad with all you have. You will swipe it and tap it and salivate on it and you will absorb germs so foul even airplane air germs issue warnings when they're around. 

Yes, you'll order your food on it and then post inane hipster tripe on your Twitter about how life is good because finally there's an airport eatery worthy of your presence because someone finally crossed the line and instituted the iPad menu and ordering system. 

The problem is: this system is terrible. Aside from the public iPad germs (they put the filth in Philthy-delphia), the plan is doomed from the start button. Why? Apple is to customer service as Christmas trees are to rectal exams. When was the last time you ordered a Christmas tree to look up your bomb hatch? EXACTLY.

But you'll do it anyway, because you are trained like circus monkeys to think this type of thing is cool. Personally, I was lured by the design of the place. I thought big money up front would equal excellent gourmet FOOD at an airport (which is in much more need than frikking iPads). I had my wife tap in our order with her fingernails, then I Chloroxed them. 

For $34, we ordered two coffees and two two-egg breakfasts. Yup. A regular Christmas tree rectal raping first thing in the morning.

After 15 minutes of playing on my phone, the server stopped by to ask if I wanted to order anything. Except I had ordered, and I swiped and paid and had been waiting the whole time. But super hipster elitist waitress was out of the loop, because of the awesomeness of iPad customer service. And worse, another 15 minutes later the food arrives, WITH THE COFFEE. Who does this???

The food was terrible. It was the breakfast equivalent of jamming an egg salad sandwich into a Cold War era toaster, lighting the toaster on fire, and putting it out by smashing it repeatedly with a corner-bar dumpster. The coffee was drinkable.

But you will eat this garbage sandwich, and you will enjoy it. You will lie to yourself and rave about how you love it, as you smear your bacon fingers all over the iPad, completing the circle. Because your Apple-loving lifestyle tells you not to mind this guy on Yelp - he has no clue. You're way better than he is. In reality, there just aren't enough of us to look out for you.
Have you ever been to an establishment where the person facing the customers is so bad you just want to walk behind the counter to fire them? 
If this review was solely on this girl I am referring to it would be a one star. The pancakes I ordered were actually amazing. Lemon ricotta. Most of the other staff was friendly. I liked this place because it's easy to order and the iPad tells you when your flight is boarding. 

So this girl. The main person taking orders. I sat at the counter and listened to her be lazy over and over again. First off, it's 6am, coffee is a hot ticket. This nice gentleman who works for the airline asks for sugar. Not artificial. So she hands him Splenda. He says no real sugar. She says oh we don't have it if you don't see it.... I say, there's about 50 packs right here sir. 

Then an old man asks for help using the pad to order. She says "just press what you want"
AYFKM?! 
Another guy walks up. She clearly sees him, but keeps doing something without even acknowledging his presence. THEN SHE WALKED AWAY! another employee that's not even working the counter had to ask him if he needed help. Then she had to go find this person. SMH. 
I left. She is the prime example of the "can't do" attitude that gives Philadelphia workers a bad name.
Food was not worth the price.  Very oily and presentation left much to be desired.  Thinking I'm expecting too much. I am at an airport after all.  One last thing... What am I tipping for?
I love this place, a piece of Heaven in the hell that is PHI.  A classy, surprisingly dimly-lit tavern with plenty of room for all your crap and chargers for each seat. Having forgotten my phone and misplaced my laptop this trip, the iPads at each seat were a welcome sight, especially with three hours to burn after missing a flight by ten minutes. Not only do they have Internet, Facebook, blackjack, and time-killing games, the iPads are also your waiter, and they don't make mistakes, (though they may order you a rat poison shake once SKYNET takes over). 

Ps. Good food, too, at a fair price. For an airport cheesesteak, mine was great, with no weird fatty knuckle pieces.
Decent airport spot with a wide menu, large beer selection and full service bar.  They are unique in this they have iPads on all tables and you order and pay through them. They have a charging port for your gear at EVERY seat.  Free games and novelties to keep you occupied.   The food was good and slightly better than what expect from an airport pub.  If you are in terminal F stop by.
Say bruh. They got iPads. No, for serious -- you use the iPads to order food, drinks, everything! It's so novel!

Except every airport I've been in has this same "innovation." So, please, chill on fawning over the iPads.

The food is serviceable, if a tad pricey, but the beer selection is good and the staff is friendly. I had no issue with my vodka soda and/or pilsner during my three hour layover. 

Plus, they offered a comfy, spacious place to charge my iPhone. That ALONE is worth a couple stars. 

Rock on, Local. Y'all are okay with me.
If you have an issue with your food - your outta luck! You've paid & tipped already! The server doesn't care!! The ordering method doesn't allow you to request anything, ie: light onions or on the side. You can't review your bill after you've swiped your card! Nor can you add to it!
I should've opted for the food court!
This is a big no. The servers were nice but in my opinion the concept just doesn't work. You order on an iPad. You pay tip upfront. I didn't see them clean the iPads the entire time I was there. Food was forgettable. I gotta believe it won't be here long.
Ditch the iPad gimmick and try talking to your customers. Or at least making eye contact. After tapping my way to a Lagunitas IPA (five minutes to tap, 30 seconds to pour) and pre-paying (including predicting tip percentage before ever meeting a server), I was hoping for a glass of water. Three attempts to make eye contact w the bartenders failed. They are too busy staring at screens on the other side of the bar. Finally a customer next to me took pity on my and yelled to get someone's attention. When I asked, jokingly, what does a person have to click on to get a glass of water around here, I got the non-ironic reply, "the needs assistance icon".

I'll be back when the bartenders figure out how to assist someone without an electronic device.
Misnomer! If this place is supposed to feature local specialties or locally-sourced stuff it is impossible to tell. Their ordering system seems high-tech but is unmonitored and inefficient. The $10 breakfast sandwich I had was completely lackluster on an unlubricated bun and consisted of eggs and low-quality cheddar cheese. And home fries were something that appeared to be pre-made and deep fried with no veggie component. Worthless.
I feel bad for the negative experiences that these other reviewers had, but I can't say it was the same for me. 

the service: I thought the service here was great. I actually prefer it when the servers don't bug you for every little thing and dislike when they show up constantly, trying to get me to talk when I have food in my mouth. And being at the airport, I like to efficiently finish my meal so I can get on my way. That being said, I thought the servers here were just fine. About halfway through my breakfast my server came over to check on me. Perfect timing for a coffee refill and in-between bites so that I could actually respond without sign language. I didn't need to get the server's attention at all actually, because everything I needed was already handled when the food was brought over (had enough butter, ketchup, and napkins). When I was close to finishing, the server came over again and asked if I needed anything else. I said no, everything was great, and I was on my way and at my gate with time to spare.

the food: I ordered a custom omelet with all the free vegetables ($10) and added cheddar cheese ($1). It was so tasty! I appreciated the use of real, identifiable vegetables and not colored chunks of ???. I especially enjoyed the thickly sliced baby portabella mushrooms and cheddar cheese. The potatoes were also good. They were simple (without fixins, which I usually like with my potatoes) and seemed pre-cut, but they were cooked nicely, crispy without being too greasy. The coffee was good, hot, flavorful and un-burnt. I wish it wasn't so early, otherwise I would've also ordered a beer. I really like the selection of local beers (philly for life!)

overall, great experience. I was a little intimidated at first because the place looks kinda fancy (aka expensive and would take a long time with table service) but I thought the ipads expedited ordering and I didn't break the bank having breakfast. my advice is to give it a try!
While I appreciate this trendy concept I do not like it. It discourages the staff from interacting with you and discussing the local food (that being their concept). There is also no acknowledgment that your order has been placed. If I have to do most of the work how do I tip?
I just received my bill and they automatically add 18% tip!  I will generously tip for good service but this is outrageous !
I am so impressed. I think this place makes up for the fact that Terminal F feels like the abandoned child of PHL airport. 

So I'll call it "individual" seating (in contrast to 2- and 4-top tables where single travelers feel very singled out) where you feel totally in your own space when you sit. Not because it's enclosed or anything but most people are here doing their own thing and there's a clever - and sufficient - separation between you and your neighbors. 

You sit, order through the tablet, swipe your card on the card reader (pay or start a tab), recharge your phone in one of the outlets, read some news or play games via tablet apps, and voila. Your drink shows up within minutes and food shortly thereafter. 

This is an introvert and/or workaholics's dream. You're left alone, extremely minimal direct human contact and your in a cocoon of yourself.. or whatever. It's great. I can see how it might not be so great if you're traveling with others because you have to first find a spot where you can sit together and then look across the tablets to have a conversation. 

Food is good!!! I had the cheesesteak and i prefer the roach-coach style vs Tony Luke's pale meat. HUGE and delicious. 

Service, for minimal contact, is excellent. Quick, precise, to the point. 

My tablet kept crashing tho trying to read USA Today but maybe it's because I was trying to read Caucus results and it hated me for it.
Actually there are two places in terminal F that have the equipment to make espresso and cappuccino, but it looks like Local is the place to get the latter served in a hot, wide-mouthed cappuccino cup. I like my cup pre-warmed with hot water before the pour. My barista was accommodating, serving up a big, steaming cup, hot to the touch. 

Still I prefer human interaction to the iPad order, especially when my servers are whipping around at arms length.
Ordered a burger gluten free.  Brought me a great looking burger on a regular bun. They were nice enough to remake it, and swap out with gfree bread.  

So I asked the manager for a beer while I wait for them to recook it.  She nicely comped it, but also told me that she checked the ticket, and that my original order didn't state gluten-free.  Well that was nice of her.  

Food was average.  Even though they got the order wrong, customer service was pretty good.
Food is okay, but I would avoid this place. Ate there yesterday pm, credit card number stolen (most probably skimmed on their automated checkout service) and used 2000 miles from my destination.
Food was decent, I had the chicken sandwich. You order from an iPad which was different, would rather interact with a person. You pay at the end of your order and include tip before you receive any service, not a big fan of that at all. It's expensive too boot.
Not a fan of the i pad experience. Wasn't greated at all until I put my order in and received my beer. I ordered a Guinness Draft and they were out. I opted for a less expensive stout but was still charged for the more expensive Guinness. Although it wasn't a bad beer, it was just the point of paying more. (because you pay before with tip included)  Anyways,  I'm a bartender myself and feel the i pads take away from the customer interactions. (what did i tip for?) The one good thing I must say is they do have a nice beer selection. If you are an IPA fan this is your spot. It's a little on the pricy side, but it's an airport, get over it.  Will not return on future visists. Not even a thank you! Ha ha!
This concept is seriously cool. I thought I'd be stuck with no choices when I boarded a shuttle bus to get to Terminal F in the Philly airport. But then I found Local. Each seat has an iPad that provides updates on flight status, free internet, and an easy and straightforward ordering system. I was able to order food that came out in only a few minutes, and the staff presented it with a smile. 

The best part, for me at least, was that there are about 60 beers to choose from, and many are local and less than five are your typical macro set (bud, shock top, etc.). This is the perfect place to park yourself during a layover. I seriously wish every airport had one. No more waiting for slow service while worrying about your flight. Sit here, order food and a beer on the iPad, and relax until your flight. 

They also offer to pack up your food to go of you are in a hurry. 

The next time I'm in this airport I will definitely be stopping back in!
Mac fans rejoice! You get to level place your order on an iPad. However, once the novelty of the futuristic ordering process has worn off I realized I had just ordered one of the worst Bloody Mary's of all time. Sometimes you get a decent drink at an airport bar but not this one. 

I can't speak much about the food and to be honest there's not many alcohol options in terminal F so you'll probably end up here anyways if you want a stiff drink.
The good, the bad, and the ugly.
Good... iPad technology to order with gorgeous pics of food and beer - although a bit of navigation time needed to get it figured out.  Great selection of beers if that's your thing.  
Bad... ordered side of asparagus.  Picture shows 20 young asparagus spears with light drizzling of sauce.  Delivered 5 spears (about 35% of total weight represented in picture), that were old think and overcooked with a dollop of sauce that looked like a 1/2 of a container of yogurt.  I then complained, so they made the exact same thing as they delivered before.  
Ugly...  Told the manager, and she didn't care.  

if you are doing a fly by at the bar, it'll work.  Otherwise, go over the any restaurant in the food court, because you at least get what you paid for.
iPads and easy to get to charging stations (USB and outlets) at every seat.  You order, pay, and/or run a tab from the iPad.  Makes service super quick which is important at an airport.  No more looking around for your server and check when you should be boarding your plane.  They encourage you to use the iPad while you are there.  They are set up with airport flight status on the home page.  Free internet of course and top off the charge on all your devices before you fly.  An automatic 18% gratuity seemed a bit high when the iPad is doing much of the work.
The food was good but the place is super pricey. We had a somewhat surly, non communicative server who grunted at us the couple of times we interacted with her, yet a 20% tip was automatically added to the bill.  Our total bill was $84 for a salad, turkey burger, & 2 glasses of wine. Love the iPad ordering but completely disagree with the 20% gratuity...seems to defeat the purpose.
Delicious, nice selection, and.... Airport prices. Nothing you can do about that though. Would be four stars if they didn't try to force iPads in place of the friendly bartenders working there.
Terrible service with the iPad ordering system. No hi, and no water as other users have stated. They brought a double IPA in a low ball cocktail glass because it's a reduced pour. Ridiculous. Every time you need something, like silver ware, extra plate, napkins, etc., there is no way to get it, as the IPads don't have that option.  They don't ask you if you need anything, how you are doing, etc. - I guess this is the way of the future, robots delivering food. So I tipped 0%
Interesting selection of food.  They had a decent selection of wine.  They were well located and had very interesting technology for their dining and entertainment experience.  I am not certain I would eat there again as what I has a not very good, but I found the concept very interesting and engaging.
Not a bad place to have a snack, meal or drink while you wait for your flight in the Philadelphia Terminal F. All your ordering is done on an iPad at the table and you swipe your own credit card. The same iPad can be used to cruise the internet, catch up on your social media, read up on news, play games and more. 
I had the Brussel sprouts they were all right but not my favorite and my daughter had the fried pickles. My daughter says they were pretty good.
The modem looking vibe tricked me into thinking this place would be good, however the good vibes stopped at my first bite; the food was exceptionally average. You order and pay on iPads here, which I like, however that is no excuse to eliminate all human interaction. I was not checked on once by a human, not to ask if I wanted water, needed extra condiments or was enjoying my meal in general. I hope this is not the future of human interaction. I would not come here again.
Seriously this was the best airport restaurant I have ever came across. And I've been to many airports traveling from NY to CA, Nola, Mexico, Puerto Rico, Hawaii, Florida, Arkansas, Canada  (lol you get my point) 
It looked the busiest as we were passing along to find lunch before our next flight. The layout was very trendy and up to date. You seat yourself and order on the iPad. If you're paying with cash then you have to order from the registers counter's iPad. The iPad will take your order & credit card payment but the servers they do the rest. 
The menu has detailed ingredient of your food. Which is great. 
It's very pricey!!! (Ex: Devil eggs, two eggs cut in half was $7!) by the way was mediocre do not order it.

We started with the eggs (not good) and the Brussel sprouts, which was actually very good! 
We ordered the salmon dinner with grits and I kid you not it was amazing! Salmon was cooked perfectly, soft and not dry. 
Our pasta entree was pretty delicious too. I was happy. If we ever have a layover in Philly again at terminal F, I would definitely dine there again.
Look, it's in an airport and you can never expect too much. Totally automated with iPad menu, ordering, entertainment, and pay. I opened an eTab placed my order and Jennifer brought it out. Beer was cold and the food wasn't bad. Way too expensive but that happens at airports. Food was quicker than expected, beer was cold, and Jennifer was great. Not a bad option when traveling.
I've given this place a shot twice now, and both times I was hesitant about going to the chipotle that is across from local. Both times I wish I would have just gone there instead. If you're unfortunate enough to be on the F side of the terminal with more limited options for food, I'd avoid this place. Be ready for a very impersonal experience by not interacting with staff at all. Everything is done through tablets. Which, you would think could be a good thing after flying on a plane being next to people for so long. In theory it's great, but when you have to wait forever for drinks, water or silverware due to the fraction of the staff they employ since it's less overhead on their end, it's frustrating. And the prices are outrageous! $20 for a burger, even for airport standards, is a bit over the top. The only good thing about this place was it has charge ports for your phone at every spot...
Good place to go for a quick meal. You enter the restaurant and sit anywhere as every spot has an iPad and a credit card swiper. You order your food/drink via the iPad, swipe your card, and wait for the food! You pay for the food prior to actually receiving it (including tip; it defaults to 18% but you can change it), and a waitress is usually around to answer questions and serve your food.

I had the rib eye burger and it was just ok as it was a bit fattier than I would have liked, but my wife's cheese steak was awesome (after eating my burger I ate half of her cheese steak...come on, I was still in vacation mode!). The fried pickles for $5 are a good value, but they came out at the same time as the meal so it was a bit of a food overload.

The next time I'm in the Philly Airport I would consider coming here again.
As everybody seems to have noticed, there are iPads here. And they're cool. You can order quickly; you can see pretty pictures of all the food; you can choose dressing on the side or no cheese (but seriously why would anybody ever do that?)

But what's funny is that the iPads actually made it easier to talk to the staff. Jakayla was awesome--friendly, helpful, and really funny! 

My only qualm was that there wasn't a lot of food in my food. It could be my fault for ordering salad (the chopped, a mix of greens, seeds and delicious cheese, $11) but it was plentiful in the seed and cheese components. 

Overall? Local is a great stop for the lone (wolf) traveler stopping through philly.
found this place while waiting for my connection flight. Despite the fact that the place was busy, I was able to find a table for 2. I love the casual ambiance, the combination between modern technology and light touches of simplicity. 

As you take a seat, you will find an IPad right in front of you. You can order your food and drinks from here. I ordered the wings and a blue moon beer and really enjoyed them. My friend also enjoyed her Mac and Cheese and a glass of wine. We enjoyed a great conversation while charging our phones from our table and even paid without having to get up once! 

Yes, the prices are a bit high. Why only 4 stars? Because there are no employees checking in on customers. The only time we saw them was when they were delivering plates to other guests.
About to die from thirst,  the forever disappearing ladies in black have yet to deliver my Fiji water  (2.50) plus tax Never trust a place with gratuity added to the check for basic plate delivery.  I saw one of the ladies in black ask several patrons if everything was okay and when I stopped her ( yes, because I was not selected to be asked the courtesy question of if everything was okay ) to ask for my water she stated she would find my server?  Unbelievable.   Ten minutes later still no lady in black and no water.  $20.00 dollar single person tab for some oatmeal and two pieces of bacon and weak signal Ipads which keeps timing out. And finally she brings Evian.  Brotherly luv NOT.  I do like the place for the seclusion but next time I'll cop a squat sans ordering and ignore the black clad ladies like they've ignored me.
As one of the few restaurants in the f terminal of phi airport, I didn't feel like take the shuttle back for more variety. So with limited options an 3 hours of layover I decided to try out Local. It's community seating so you seat yourself and there are really no servers. What?!?! Well they have someone come around if needed for assistance but your entire ordering experience is done on the iPads they have at each seat. This is both good and bad in the sense of yes you get to order and see what you want but you have to continually keep using the iPad if later on during the meal you want another drink or the like. 
Now on to the food: I don't expect the best wen I go to anything that's in an airport ( I even know mcdonalds to be lower standard in an airport) but nonetheless whenever I try a new place and they have steak, I have to try. So I ordered the steak and fries ( medium rare) and a hanks root beer. Steak and root beer are alway my go to's and I was pleasantly surprised with half the combo this time. The root beer was great but the steak left something to be desired. Encircled in fat, cooked to right temp but no flavoring. Since you can see the chefs working right there my steak reflected their enthusiasm, which was nil. All in all I might try it again on my return trip but get something way cheaper and get the same result. At least the root beer is good.
Each time I have come here I have found:
Dirty, grease-smeared tables
Dirty ordering tablets
overpriced, even for an airport.
mediocre food
mediocre portions

I have taken  them off the list of food options at Philly.
I'm keeping my rating. Many craft beers are $11.. once you order they offer to deselect the 25oz order and the price drops to $7.50 for this Abbey ale I'm drinking. They do by default add the tip, don't remember how much. I find that BS. How can I tip BEFORE having any interaction with said service?? I'll leave a cash tip as appropriate but don't try to gouge me. 

Anyway. They have a monopoly in terminal F, there's no other bar. Given more time I'd go to another terminal. Also, the AC is uncomfortably blowing. It's March for fucks sake.
Although we had informed her that we had a flight to catch, the lady at the register declined to take our order indicating it would be faster if we used the iPad. Oddly enough, the desired panini was not among the iPad menu items (but was available on the print menu) so she ended up ringing us up at the register. After five minutes, she gets our attention- they are out of French fries - would we like chips or salad as a side? Some more time passes...and even more time. Our paninis are finally ready. She bags our food and states they are out of napkins. She apologizes indicating the venue hasn't been in business long. We sprint off & manage to catch our flight a minute before the door closes. On the plane, we discover our paninis are actually chicken cheesesteak subs. Huh? 

To sum it up: customer service- 1 (it wouldn't have killed her to have taken our order from the get-go); food - 3 (although our order was wrong, the sandwich & salad were flavorful). 

Suggestion to the owners: put signs indicating customers should place orders on the iPad - this would eliminate an awkward situation for both the cashier & customer.
Terrible.  Immediately got sick after eating.  Then when I arrived to my hotel I checked my bank account and I had been charged twice!  I DO NOT recommend.
I thought the concept and the food were both pretty good. I ate there twice. I love the idea of getting up and leaving when ready instead of hunting down a check. However, there are some drawbacks. The biggest issue I had was with a receipt. The spellcheck on the iPad constantly tries to correct the spelling of email adresses, which usually doesn't fit the spelling of a standard dictionary. In the end, I probably entered a bad email address due to spellcheck and only received one receipt from 2 dining occasions. And the only phone number I could find on urban spoon for the restaurant was incorrect. And it took a lot of searching just to find that number. So, there is no way to submit my meal for a business expense. 

That doesn't mean I won't go back again. But I will double-check my receipt of my receipt before I leave.  The steak was good, the cheesesteak was good and as others have mentioned any choices(salad dressing) that aren't listed when ordering are not available as they would be with a server. But, I can live with that. I just wish I could somehow obtain my receipt!
I was skeptical at first, viewing the lit-up iPad ordering system at each and every seat, packed with apps, looking like some kind of casino set-up.  But you know, once you figured it out (which I did by playing around with it), it was kind of fun choosing your items and placing your order this way (though I did inadvertently order the wrong item due to inaccurate swiping, which the server later corrected for me).  You then swipe your credit card in each table's reader and open a tab.  So okay, that's well and good, how's the food and service?  Surprisingly good!  Wait-staff (who do exist and bring you your order -- and you can summon them on your iPad too) were friendly and helpful (and adept at spotting those who need help with these darn-gum new-fangled gizmos like me); and the food was tasty and well-prepared.  I had a Philly cheesesteak (which I think the menu claimed it used Pat's recipe) and it was quite tender and juicy.  It was also easy to change the sides from fries to a salad on the iPad and the salad was quite fresh and well-made.  I give the place a high rating due to the novelty and the decent grub.
Disgusting. I ordered a simple chicken dish.  How can you screw that up? Chicken was way overcooked so it was drying out. Tasted like it was freezer burnt too. Sauce was like canned gravy with burnt garlic added to it. Coffee was undrinkable (stale).  Even if the food had been ok, overpriced, even for an airport.

Avoid at all costs.  Go to the nearby Chipotle instead.
Terrible Bloody Mary. Terrible service. The ipad ordering makes it so they don't think to pay attention, plus, I had to leave a tip before I realized how awful it was. Did not eat.
As far as an airport bar, this place is pretty serviceable.  What to expect for an airport bar, higher prices, yup and small portions, yup.  But the drinks were pretty good, the cool factor of using the iPad to order and being able to pay on command is ok but what happens if you want to run a tab?  You swipe your card for every round, seems like a little much.  This place is cool but they have almost entirely scrubbed the need for wait staff which means that it's devoid of personality.
A true airport oasis. Incredibly impressive beer selection, good music, nice decor and a relaxing vibe. Snagged a seat at the bar during a long layover and found it hard to leave.

The iPad ordering system was quick and effective, and waitresses and servers mingled about to lend a human touch to the experience as well as answer any questions.

The next time I fly through Philadelphia, I look forward to dropping in. It's really a perfect place to kill an hour or two.

The only reason I'm not leaving 5 stars is that I didn't try any food, though I look forward to doing so during my next visit.
Hi tech restaurant experience located in terminal F in the Philadelphia airport.

All ordering is done via an iPad. Navigate through drink options and food types. Salads, apps, entrees, sides and deserts. Once you select your food, you slide your card and are asked to enter a tip percent. Since the service part doesn't exist and you haven't received your food, I am not a fan.

The food is decent but pricey! The future of restaurants? Who knows!
There is a lot to love with this Local Tavern. I recommend you head to Gate F and grab a seat. Rich the GM provided the KINDEST and CLASSIEST customer service yesterday! Also the Italian pork roast sandwich was delicious. Here are the deets:

Due to an unfortunate set of circumstances and a mistake I made, I found myself at PHL airport in a financial quandary. As soon as Rich heard my plight, he walked me up to the ordering station (they use iPads at Local Tavern) and made sure it was all good, and I had what I needed. I was shocked and also so grateful. This really IS the City of Brotherly Love and apparently, also the city of excellent customer service.

My Italian pork roast sandwich came with fries and a perfect side dish of *spicy* red peppers. COMFORT FOOD. It would have cost $13.50 for this plate which I think is very reasonably priced especially while at the airport. 

The servers were friendly as well. 

Lots of electrical and USB plugs conveniently located all along the top of the bar for your powering-up pleasure.
On my way to Chicago, been here twice, good food, quick service. Breakfast they have a good menu and have many loose leaf teas to choose from. I like that you are able to pay with the iPad and get to your flight as soon as possible. Even with that you still interact with staff which is nice as they make the drinks.
This place is horrible.  Eat at sabarros or Chipotle instead.  It is one of the toughest steaks I've ever had.  You order everything on an iPad and even swipe the card yourself.  Virtually no interaction with a server.  But they automatically to 20% on the bill.  No one asks if you need anything.  The steak is horrible and they served it on the same plate as the salad.  Why would you do that? You have to grab someone to get service.  Seriously stupid.  Don't go here
You know the saying "You get what you pay for"... well here you don't!!!

I was starving and I wanted a beer and a cheese steak and despite the mediocre reviews I took a chance thinking "it can't be that bad"... I was WRONG.  The best part of my meal were the fries.  The cheese steak meat flavor was blah, but worst of all it was scant. I received enough meat to fill maybe 2/3rds of a roll and half of my steak had hardly any cheese either.  Come on, there were four ingredients (roll, meat, cheese, onions) and you failed miserably on two of them! No excuse.

As if that wasn't enough... don't expect a refill on your drink or anyone to bother to check on you after your food is delivered.  I sat with an empty glass for 20 of the 30 minutes I was there while the manager tucked himself into the door of the kitchen leaning on the frame staring at his cell phone and the bar tender guy flirted with pretty much every woman he could.  Do your jobs!

Lastly, the pricing is high for what you get, but sadly that is to be expected in a captive environment like an airport. $21.42 for a domestic beer and a cheese steak.

Food choices in Terminal F at the Philly airport are limited, but you should skip this place at all costs.
For being inside an airport (terminal F at PHL) this place was just what I needed before hopping on a flight. You can either sit at "the bar" counters or a table and each seat has an iPad for you to place an order. All items must be purchased from the app, no cash allowed.

Each seat has plugs for you to charge your devices which is a handy addition.

It's a pretty busy place and I was a bit intimated at first. No worries, staff walks around to answer any questions you may have. I got my beer pretty quick (never did get my glass of water though...) and the price was reasonable compared to most airports. The food looked great but I didn't try anything.

The iPad allows you to enter your flight info so you can keep an eye on the status and once you're done, no need to wait for someone to close your tab, you do it right there and scurry off to your plane.

Quick & convenient, highly recommend!
Among some of the best airport food I've ever had. Highly recommend the salmon and grits. Pricey, but isn't all airport food? Huge bar area and nice ambience for an airport eatery.
This is a review of the cleanliness of Local Tavern.  As travelers who happened to be stuck in PHL for a few hours, Local Tavern looked interesting and different.  But the dead cockroach on the floor, unnoticed by the people who seemed to work there, convinced us to eat somewhere else.  I can't review the food because we were grossed out before we got that far.

It's an interesting concept but I think it needs a little fine tuning.  Like cleaning the place from time to time.
The ordering system takes a little getting used to, but afterwards made ordering smooth. No more waiting for a receipt for instance if you are a business traveller, it is emailed to you if you want. I didn't try the food but the beer selection on tap was also good. I thought prices were reasonable (for an airport) and they were upfront with costs and if you wanted to upsize your drink. 

Music was also good, a nice change, didn't try the food but what was coming out looked OK. Service was nice enough and pretty good.
