When I first heard about Loco Pez I was picturing a fine lavish cantina that delivered fresh and delicious tacos and guacamole with strong margaritas. But walking in and seeing a chill neighborhood dive bar that delivered all of those things made it even better!

From the crazy Pez dispenser collection that the Fish is partly named for and the eclectic art throughout, to a solid brunch offering and dollar taco night, Loco Pez is a fun and inexpensive occasion every time that you go. And that's why the cash only bar has been given the designation of being a perfect cheap date location on more than one occasion (http://philly.thedrinknation.com/articles/read/6461-Cheap-Date-Loco-Pez-in-Fishtown).

The bar is fully loaded with plenty of local beers on draft and in bottles and cans. And it offers 25 tequilas making making it a perfect spot for fresh made cocktails with Latin flare. As a result of this its a given that they make some damn good margaritas, but I quickly learned to prefer going on the road to El Dorado with its Espolon Blanco, Mezcal Joven, muddled grapefruit, habanero, lime. but there's also a couple of Sangrias, mimosas and bloody Mary's for brunch, and Micheladas for the perfect beer cocktail with a kick.

With so many taco, burrito, enchilada, and quesadilla options available its near impossible to choose what you order. especially when you add inexpensive Americano goods like a chili dog and burger with waffle fries into the mix. but with options like chicken, shrimp, fish, seitan & spinach, and soy chorizo or regular w/ potato to fill your order with; your belly is happy no matter what you choose. Especially if you get a side of ultra fresh guacamole with chips.
After weeks of bridesmaid dieting, the day after my friend's wedding all I wanted was margaritas and nachos. Loco Pez was the perfect setting for this indulgent affair. The bar is bright and fun. The holographic Jesus picture and various random decorations are great. 

Margaritas are solid and the nachos are huge and loaded with toppings. Apparently the happy hour is pretty sweet so we'll definitely return for that. Be sure to bring cash or your debit card to hit the ATM!
CASH ONLY. Vegetarian dining review. I've been here twice, and the first time I wasn't impressed at all. The tacos were quiet bad honestly. I remember getting all three of their vegetarian tacos to try and didn't really like anyone them. What I did like was their volcano burrito. It is pretty spicy so just keep that in mind. 

Second time we went I think we ordered all the right things. We got the nachos and some kind of melted chihuahua cheese both of which were DELICIOUS.  For dinner I got the volcano burrito again.  Some of our friends got the enchiladas with the soy chorizo which was great. 

So I think if you're getting vegetarian food stay away from the tacos and get anything else.
Okay yelpers we get it, Loco Pez has superb food! Now, can we talk about what really grinds my gears? Thanks....

Start accepting credit cards. It really irritates me when I have to walk to the back of your very small and always crowded establishment and bother those poor four people at the two baby tables next to the ATM..  I can hear them breathing that's how close they are to each other.  What's worse, that's how close they are to me as I pull money out of the machine. I should take up pit-pocketing and start a thing every Friday night back there, I'm sure I'd make a killing !  Just saying.....
I love that Loco Pez. Here's what I'm screamin: Tequila! Margaritas! Nice array of beers for ya! Magnificent Nachos! Delicious little tacos! Great salsas! Great bar! Juke box!

I screamed these things, like I told you, and so now I have a nice bit of breathing room on the bus. Informative right? Yes... and convenient for me, this some-kinda- Mexicali-foodstuffs-and-drinks-yellin' tick.

So yeah, Loco Pez supplies tequilas a-plenty and some lovely margaritas, from the classic style Impala, to the blood orangey Coupe De Ville. There are abouts six or so beers on tap, and many cans and bottles, including your Mexican favorites along with the crafty. 

The nachos are grande and come highly recommended by me, as they are loaded, well-layered, and not skimpy in the least, even if you order the o.g. non-meatsy ones...but try those Nachos de Kenzo some time if you do dig on chorizo and carne asada, cause that's likely all you'll need outta life.

I love that the tacos here at Loco Pez are lil fellas on smaller sized corn tortillas, cause that makes em ripe for the makings of a personal taco combo fiesta for yourself. I'm sayin, a la carte and mix n match that mutha.

My favorite tacos of theirs include the super flavorful shredded pollo- if I've said it once, I've said it a thousand times; I love a tasty Tinga! I found the mash up of chorizo and potato to be delicious, tambien. The cochinita pibil of roasty, juicy pork with pickled red onions are straight up lip smackin. I'm tellin you... Love the mushroom tacos too. For a place called Crazy Fish, I've still yet to try a fish taco here. Strange. Hmm. I should get on that.

Make sure to try every salsa in the bucket. To these salsas I do the international hand gesture of chef kissy fingers. Good stuff. I'm a fan of lotsas salsas, ya know.

I enjoy. This Loco Pez is a fine, fine example of the kinda neighborhood bar I'd like to have in me own. They have a goood jukebox too- always appreciate that. We've always gotten good service here t'boot. We keep on comin back.

More aspects to yell at ya face piece:
Happy hour deals! Dope, dope brunch cures your every hangover! 

Shrugs: Cash only.
I came here with my fiance, Paul V. on a Thursday night.  We came in for some margaritas and happy hour specials.  We had 2 margaritas each and they were delicious!  We also tried the Pez and Pollo tacos.  They were okay, but the nachos on happy hour for only $4 were absolutely AMAZING!!  I couldn't get over how good the nachos and margaritas were!  

The service was great as well.  The bartender, Ruben, was very friendly and on top of drinks and keeping our bar area clean.  Great job Ruben!  

Overall, I would recommend to come here, especially for the margaritas and nachos.  I haven't tried much else, but let me know how it is!
Loco Pez! A true gem in Fishtown. Located in a nice area, nestled in on the corner. Probably the best tacos in town. One thing you'll notice at Loco Pez is that the staff are always pleasant, super chilled and happy to serve. Amazing margaritas, generously served. I haven't had anything else other than the delicious chicken and fish tacos here, but the food menu is decent. The bar is well stocked and there's enough cool art, artifacts, etc. to occupy your mind while enjoying your refreshments. 
Please note Loco Pez is cash only.  There's an ATM right across the street. 
Loco Pez, is definitely part of my Fishtown food and beverage stops. 
It's always sunny at Loco Pez!!
man, I think the curse of Forks and the old Crazy Fish has finally been broken.
This is a great new school Fishtown corner tappy that essentially has a top notch taco truck inside serving up great Mexican standards.
The "street dog" was amazing--hot dog with refried beans, jalapenos, crema, etc. the tacos were great too--fish, carne asada, and al pastor...the chips and salsa and guac were fresh.
Tasty Kenzinger so fresh and cold and cheap per pint, tons of tequilas, super nice bartenders, etc.
In short, it's what we've been waiting for!
It has a nice and tastefully "hipsterized" interior that evokes your grandpa's basement rec room and bar, really nice bathrooms of the Silk City/JB's class, big booths, small tables, a nice long bar, etc.
they got a juke box, but why spend money when the staff have their good taste in music and the tunes are rocking from the bar?
There is a Family Guy pinball machine lurking in back that looks like it will be a fun play...
We tried hard to come up with any sort of complaint and if I recall--it got a little hazy after we switched it up from the Kenzis to the Margaritas--the only things we came up with were the following:
bar does not have a foot rail so you gotta put feet on stools, maybe the hot dog bun could be upgraded so the "street dog" didn't leak through (but it's so god damn good you eat it before this can happen), and the pinball was 75 cents, and--probably the only real oversight--as is par for the course for all these new places, NO BIKE RACK!  gotta have a bike rack, gotta have a bike rack, your employees need one, and your clientele will need one (probably a big one too)...
That's all we got.
Awesome place!
Bienvenida Al Vecindario Hombres!!!
I've lived in Mexico on and off for years. I know tacos.
And this place is so good, I could weep. It's life changing. Seriously. Having been exiled to Fishtown has been brutal. Loco Pez has saved my life and probably my relationship.
The tacos (you could also choose burritos or quesadillas): a single small tortilla, chopped onion and cilantro, lime and radish on the side, choose your filling. The al pastor (with pineapple) was sublime, the chorizo and papa muy auténtico (very authentic), and the pollo, simple and perfect. No dry meat or fatty weird gristle you need to pull from your mouth, disgusting the people around you. Just beautifully seasoned simple authentic tacos. The fish taco, with crema and shaved cabbage, was absolutely the most perfect thing (as good as I've had in Baja, almost). 
Black refried beans (frijoles diablos?) to die for (was there epazote in there? I dunno but they were amazing), topped with cotija cheese (nothing smothered in low quality cheddar cheese here) and served with some chips. 
And the hot dog. Yes. The hot dog. I don't even eat hot dogs. I don't think anybody should eat hot dogs. They should cease to exist as a food. But lord, god, smothered in, hmmm, was it pickled jalapeños and salsa, I don't even remember. I just remember feeling true love. 
Vegetarians: do not fret. There are options. Soy chorizo (which I've eaten often both here and in Mexico and man, what they can do with TVP. It's good) and mushrooms. Yummy.
The margarita was not a sweet sticky mess that gave me a sugar high rather than a tequila high, but was clean and perfect, rocks and salt (yes, they have liquor!). They have cheladas and micheladas (the latter is a beer with soy sauce, lime, hot sauce, worcestershire, salsa maggi, and more. at least I hope that's how they prepare theirs. I know, it sounds terrible. It is not and will blow your mind on a warm summer day).
The decor: oh sweet jesus! Thank you! Finally a Philly restaurant that isn't in need of serious help with decorating (Kraftwork, you are great, but the giant wrenches and gloss on the exposed brick walls? C'mon! The awning at Fathom and those bulky chairs that barely fit in the small dining area? And Sketch, don't even get me started with that color scheme...). It's simple 70s stuff and feels both clean and homey (if you are over 35 and have spent as much time in bars as I did as a child [don't ask]). It's perfect. PERFECT. 
This morning my husband woke up and told me he felt the kind of giddy optimism a man feels when he meets a woman he thinks could be the great love of his life. That woman is Loco Pez. It has changed him. Yes, I'm sure the owner and bartender (very nice, very skilled) thought we were freaks, the way we were carrying on, weeping, wanting to make out with them in gratitude. But so be it. I'll probably never eat anywhere again.
Mil gracias Pez Loco. Te quiero con todo mi corazón. Abrazos!
Boy has my review changed from our first visit. Michelle and I can be found here just about every Wednesday for happy hour. Now that they have started opening for lunch there is no issue with the 5 pm opening. 

I have had some of the tasty food here. From Nashville hot wings, pigs wings, south philly taco (roast pork, broccoli rabe ans sharp provolone) and the one I am looking forward to soon with Christmas coming the duck confit with white chocolate mole and pomegranate seeds (so good and only available as a special right before Christmas). The wait staff and bartenders are awesome. Sometimes I just don't know what to eat and let Eric make my decision for me (shrimp burito eric style-mega spicy) or Eric's gorditas (don't ask but delish).
If you are in the neighborhood on a Wednesday stop in and say hi.
I live in Fishtown and even though everyone that visits me wants to go here, I cannot recommend Loco Pez at all. 

Navigating the baffling seating procedure is the first hurdle - there's no hostess, but tables are always reserved. Good luck finding how to get on the secret waiting list; there's no one to help you and your best bet is to be yelled at by other patrons when you skip the line. The yelling will at least tell you who to talk to.

Ok, you say, I'll sit at the bar. Well, unfortunately, there's usually only one bartender and she/he is constantly overwhelmed. No barback to help, and frankly, it's a big bar. So it's completely hit or miss whether you will get served in anything approaching a timely manner, and if you do, don't expect anything more than a gruff, passing "you doing ok?".

I can't say much about the food - never had the stamina to actually stay there long enough to order anything. But what I've seen looks pretty basic: anglicized tex-mex, heavy on the squeeze bottle sour cream.

Drinks are watered down, and not particularly flavorful. Avoid the michelada especially.

Finally, don't forget that Loco Pez is cash-only. Which would be fine if it was a regular taqueria. But people tell me it's tough getting out of there without spending $40 per person, especially if you have drinks.

If you still insist on going to Loco Pez, good luck.
Think of a deranged Mexican grandmother's 1950's style American home mixed with Mexican cuisine that is out of this world: welcome to Loco Pez.
Décor is great- limited seating, but it makes for a close knit atmosphere. The prices are very moderate: I had four tacos and two sides with tip for a solid $20. You cannot bEAT it!
I think I went overboard on how much I ate, but you know what they say... when in Rome (in this case Mehico). The carne asada taco, shrimp taco, chorizo, and  hard shell were flavorful. The only qualm I had was with their sauces- lacked a bit of flavor and spice.
The guacamole was cool and fresh and the green rice had a different taste- both added a bit of excitement to my dish.
If I ventured back to Fishtown I would definitely stop in to this restaurant again- the tacos are so inexpensive that it is perfect for a quick bite.
I admit it: I'm addicted to Loco Pez. It's such a chill spot with strong drinks, good beer, quick service and amazing food. While I'm not sure how "authentic" this Mexican food is, it's consistently amazing. 

I normally stick to the nachos here because they're literally the best (and only $5 during happy hour). They're piled high, easily made for 2-3 people, and packed with toppings and cheese on every chip. Splurge and get the guac - adds a whole new level of yum. 

However, I kid you not - I had a dream about enchiladas recently (bless my Texan heart.) I hesitantly decided to divert from my usual and try the chicken enchiladas, and I'm so glad I did! I really struggled to pick my protein - I kindy just wanted cheese enchiladas, but chicken is a staple so I figured I couldn't go wrong - and I was right. The three enchiladas were so flavorful, and they weren't drenched in sauce which was a pleasant surprise. They were packed with meat and cheese and the spice level was perfect. The meat was juicy, and the sauce was tangy and light. I'm a huge beans and rice person - it's the simple things - and I loved theirs! I polished my whole plate because why not, but I easily could have taken leftovers home had I any sense of self control. I'm super keen to try other takes on their enchiladas, particularly the chorizo and potato. 

My only gripe about Loco Pez is the inconsistent service. The bartenders are so laid back, it almost feels like you're in someone's basement rather than a paid establishment. Our bartender gave us the wrong check twice, and seemed generally dazed. I don't mind it, but if foul language behind the bar bothers you, this place is not your scene. It's the stereotypical fishtown hipster dive that happens to have some of the best tasting comfort foods.
Finally returned after my first visit which was shortly after they opened. Thankfully they are now serving beer in proper GLASS pint glasses. Happy hour and $1 taco night is just awesome!  Bumping up a star!
Tacos for cheap, and a tasty margarita

Don't take the four star rating too literally, just know that I truly like this spot but can't just give it five stars because of my infatuation; it's not that kind of place... think of your general corner bar layout and you'll know what Loco looks like.

Located in a pleasant little section of fishtown, the bar has a warm and saucy vibe: they were professional and friendly, but I got the feeling if I started popping off at the mouth they wouldn't be afraid to pop me in the mouth. 

Basically got one of every taco, and my favorites were no surprise for me since I am such a meat fan, but I'd bet chorizo was my top. I was filled when I finished eating, but honestly I could eat those little Mexican salads on a shell all day if  had the time (and it wouldn't have hurt my wallet too much to boot). 

I would definetly come back for a quick lunch or a long night with no second thoughts.
Well, we went here on a Saturday afternoon so expected it to be fairly busy. A friend and I arrived before the other two in our party, so we decided to have a couple drinks at the bar. The bartender is the only reason this review has two stars instead of one. We put our names down for a table upon arrival and were told it would be about a 10-15 minute wait and the hostess showed me that we were next on the list. The other two people in our party arrived about 10 minutes later and stood right behind us at the bar. We then watched 3 more tables get sat ahead of us (all of which were groups of the same sizes, 3, 4, and 5). Okay whatever, even though the hostess made eye contact with us several times and knew we were all there and ready to be sat (she never actually asked if we were all there in the first place), we gave the benefit of the doubt and reminded her. She says no more than 5-10 more minutes. We then wait another 20 minutes and watch 3 MORE tables get sat ahead of us, while the hostess completely avoids eye contact. Needless to say, we didn't even get to experience the food as we tried to ask what was going on and were completely ignored. We left and went to a place down the street.

Long story short, the customer service was awful, and we were all extremely disappointed with the experience.
Good food, poor service. Unless you're white.

Now, I'm usually not a racist, as I am African American, and I grew up in a Jewish neighborhood. Anyway, I came here twice, and I usually enjoy the food, but it seems like the people that work here only cater to a certain crowd and usually waiting for the the end of the night. The bartenders are barely present and the crowd seems that of the hipster "we have our own club and you're not invited" mentality. I wish it were more friendly but what can you expect? It's Fishtown (not your town). So if you want good tacos and great service with cool people, go to Honest Toms and stay away from the pretentiousness of this place.

Loco indeed.
Went to Loco Pez with a few friends. Small place with an eat in bar. Eclectic decor with neighborhood bar feel. The food makes this place for sure and its affordable! Choice of Taco, Burrito, or Quesadilla. I had the (pollo) chicken really flavorful. Im not a huge tequila drinker but I hear they make a mean margarita. The sangria is muy bien! They offer specials this month after 5pm they are offering $1 tacos!
Oh, Loco Pez.
I still love you, even though you took the Black Beans Diablo off the menu. That was my favorite side. My favorite server, Hillary, knew it too. (Shout out to Hillary!) Apparently they weren't a huge seller. Insert sadface here.

Updating my review to reflect the following info: Loco Pez now has takeout beer! Loco Pez is now open for lunch! Loco Pez is still awesome!

Try the bloody maria with chipotle infused tequila for a seriously spicy spin on a standard brunch drink.
Got here on a Friday night around 7:30pm and boy was this place packed.  We were somewhat greeted with friendly stares from everyone in the place lol I guess we looked out of place?  
Needless to say we eventually ordered a few drinks while we waited for our table to become available (roughly 15 min).
Very good signature drinks (somewhat light handed on the alcohol) 
interior is nice, kinda reminds you of El Rey, very relaxed vibe
*tacos were either hit or miss....steer your ordering towards the beef rather than fish
*awesome guacamole

We had a really awkward situation where someone walked in and wanted us to hold his wallet filled with hundreds while he yelled at us to let him use our cell phone.
He looked plastered off some sort of illegal drug and needless to say everyone just stared at us while we were getting harrassed by this character. Our waiter came by during the middle of this and said nothing to this person.  Really uncomfortable and kinda scary.  As he left screaming "yuppies", we all sat in amazement wondering if we were being pranked.

The area is kinda seedy 
Nice spot for cheap eats and drinks.
One of my favorite things about Loco Pez is: the tacos are charged by the taco. I love mix and matching and trying a variety, and I have yet to eat one I do not like.

If you are going for brunch, do yourself a favor and order the TOTchos. You will thank me, and for that I say you're welcome. They are everything you need when eating brunch, even an egg. I'd say it's perfect for 2-4 people depending on how much other food you plan on ordering. 

The red and green rice is just something so new and different. Rice is easy to make at home, but when you're out to eat you want something special, and that is exactly what it is, special! 

Looking for gluten free options? They are made on corn tortillas and can guide you towards which taco options are okay for you. Yes, they have vegan options as well. 

Happy eating!
Glad to have another decent bar in my neighborhood.  Loco Pez has one of my favorite restaurant features: a great happy hour.  $3 drafts, $4 house margaritas, and $4 nachos.  It runs M-F 5-7pm.  A $3 Dead Reckoning  is a great thing.

I had dinner here with my friends Lauren and Will, we all really loved the versatility of this spot.  Long bar to watch TV? Check.  Smallish dining room suitable for conversation? Check.  Family Guy pinball to pass the time?  Got that too.

Overall, the prices are pretty reasonable.  Note that the tacos are small, but you can still fill up for around $10. I didn't love all of the tacos that I ordered; the menu seems to have some stars and some duds.  

Bottom Line: Great neighborhood spot with good service, prices, food, and decent beer.  I'll be back.
I didn't think it'd happen, but I've finally found ANOTHER Mexican joint in my 'hood. While I still love Que Chula Es Puebla for my delicious taco shell tacos, Loco Pez wins in almost every other category. 

Location: .02 miles from my house? Awesome!

Alcohol: Full bar with happy hour specials? Count me in!

Ambiance: Bar, tables, booths, and overall awesome, clean, decor? Perfect!

Sauces: I love me some sauces. When a waitress brings you over a bucket of sauces and explains what each one is (sweet, smokey, spicy, etc.) you know you're in for a treat.

The only downside to this place is that they're cash only and they don't have hard shell tacos or a more expansive menu. That's why I gave them a 4-star rating...but really, it's more like 4.5 stars.

This is what I ate and drank on my recent visit:

-The "coupe de ville" margarita - basically a blood orange margarita. It was *delicious.* I could have had more than 1...and more than 3...

-A friend and I split the $4. happy hour nachos, which were HUGE! Sour cream, cheese, red onion, jalepenos, and refried beans...can't get better than that.

-I then got three tacos: pollo (chicken), al pastor (shredded pork with pineapple), and chorizo and potato. My favorite, believe it or not, was the chicken! It tasted like it was infused with sweet and savory juices. I just wanted to let the taco sit in my mouth, but I did end up chewing and swallowing. My second favorite was the chorizo and potato taco. While I don't think it tasted like a "taco" it did remind me of a meaty pierogie, which is not a bad thing. While I'm rating the al pastor last, it wasn't a bad taco. I just didn't think the meat was as flavorful as it could have been.

Also - our waitress was nice, and the bartender seemed nice as well from the greeting we got when we first walked in the joint.

I'll definitely be returning. Do me a favor and don't go, I don't want to have to fight for a seat!

Oh, and P.S. - yes, the tacos are smaller than what you're used to seeing, but seriously, half the nachos and three tacos filled me up. They're not THAT small.
Loco Pez is the definition of "never judge a book by its cover." The old-school decor and simple arrangements did not set my expectations super high when I was first seated. However as soon as the drinks and food started rolling out, wow was I surprised. 

The margaritas definitely snuck up on me (not a bad thing!). I went with a classic margarita, on the rocks, with salt, because when it comes to margs I am no-nonsense. I hold classic margaritas to very high standards, and this is one of the freshest I have had in Philly. My better half went with a classic and substituted chipotle salt and spicy tequila. I had a sip of his, and it was absolutely delicious. Refreshing, like a margarita should be, and that spicy tequila gave off a low slow heat that kept your mouth happy. Mmmm...it was perfect for daydreaming like you are in Mexico while warming up your belly on a cold winters night. 

The guac and chips appetizer made my taste buds very very happy. We tried just about every taco, and honestly each was more delicious than the next. These little babies were screaming with flavor. I have to say that of all that we tried, the Conchinita Pibil was the MVP, with Al Pastor a close runner up. The Pez was authentic and simple, and fit the bill perfectly. 

As I am writing this review, I am already dreaming about going back. I think I need to make Loco Pez a weekly thing, stat.
I went here on a date a few weeks ago.  Even though he turned out to be terrible, the food was amazing!  

This place is tiny and really easy to miss.  When you go inside, you'll realize it's like a rowhome just with a bar and a lot more people in it. They definitely cram you in there but hey. It's worth it. 

I'm not a fan of spicy food so i was worried about going here and hating it and looking like an ass on a first date, but he ordered me the chicken quesadillas that were absolutely incredible. There was definitely a little kick to them but it was doable. 

The service kinda sucked and we had to sit at the bar and the bartender just didn't care about us whatsoever but we had each other's company which worked...for that night. I would definitely go back.

Sometimes when the food is so good, you can overlook bad service! And maybe if we were sitting at a table it would have been different!  I'll be back though! :)
For Philadelphia this place is a decent Mexican bar restaurant. Their nachos can compete with Philly's best: comes with a large plate of chips smothered with cotija and chedder cheeses, frijoles, jalapenos, salsa fresca, and supposedly guacamole (but, I didn't see any on our plate). They also have the Nachos de Kenzo which is double the size of the regular nachos and includes chirizo, shredded chicken, and carne asada.They have an accommodating salsa selection in a basket for you including three house salsas (salsa verde, salsa chipotle, and salsa regular) and Tapitio and Chalula. If you want to start chips and salsa they charge you $3. The tacos are reasonably priced (ranging from $1.50-$2.50), flavorful (can't go wrong with the fish or shrimp tacos!), but who in their right Mexican mind eats a single tortilla wrapped taco? 

Just saying; if they double wrapped them bad boys it wouldn't get soggy and fall apart in your hands. If this is a conscious decision then they are TRULY holding back the full taco experience from their audience, a predominately non-diverse hipster crowd. 

The vibe is mellow nothing-too-fancy which gives it a local feel. They tune into Flyers games and play cool grooves like Ratatat in the background. 

The wait service can lag at times when they get busy, but they are generally nice. Some of them do actually habla Espanol and not just "habla Mexican." I had one bad experience, but only because I had a bill that was $13.64 and when I received change back from a $20 I received back a $5 bill, a $1 bill, and no change. I wound up changing the $5 for ones with the bartender, but that was deserving of a $1 tip. 

They have a brand new Family Guy themed pinball machine in the back by the bathrooms. That's boss. I highly recommend putting in your quarters before you leave. They also have an ATM in the back because they are CASH ONLY. 

All in all, as a native Californian who grew up eating Mexican food her whole life, although this is no Mexican I know, I'm still glad Loco Pez is in my neighborhood!
So I came here for lunch with Nora S! We wanted to try something new in the area and couldn't resist the idea of tacos! You order each taco individually, and they are very scrumptious. I got two fish tacos and one al pastor. I have an endless love for al pastor tacos, and they came out absolutely delicious. He fish tacos were your standard fried fish, but also very tasty. They do give you the choice of corn or flour tortillas, which always authenticates Mexican food in my opinion! Cannot beat a good corn tortilla.  I would say for lunch 3 tacos felt a little bit on the lighter side, so next time I'm there then I would add a snack of some sort. Probably try their guacamole!

The vibes are definitely more local, a little grungy, and semi divey-bar scene.  A place to go with friends! But wouldn't bring someone on a first date here. One flaw is that on a hot summer day, the establishment just smelled a little off.  It wasn't uncomfortable in the sense that "I cannot eat here", but wasn't pleasant.  I am going to say it could have just been something off with the hot weather, but I'll definitely be returning on a cooler day to actually check out the bar scene.
Living in Bella Vista I have a plethora of Mexican joints to choose from, and they are as authentic as you can get. There's a taco truck a block from a restaurant, that's a block away from another taco truck, that's around the corner from another Mexican restaurant. You can see why having a favorite Mexican restaurant can be a little difficult in my area.

But hands down: Loco Pez takes the prize on my favorite tacos in the city. I'll even take the drive on I-95 for these bad boys that are filled to the brim. Driving on I-95 for food when I live in South Philly? Unheard of. Except for these flavorful tacos.

What separates Loco Pez from the others, other than the true divey, hipster vibe and location, is the flavor that is soaked into the meats, rather than chunks of tough meats sitting atop a tortilla. I can't speak for any of the vegetarian dishes yet. The tortillas are smaller, but they are filled to the edge, so you're getting more protein than carbs, which I prefer. I am usually full off of three tacos elsewhere, but I think I could easily go for four-five here.

It is CASH ONLY!
dollar tacos night and happy hour is amazing
4 dollars nachos and 1 dollar tacos
3 dollar beers and 4 dollar margaritas 
an amazing deal and it fills you up
the nachos are a must have
its a small place so expect to be a little cramped and getting a large party in is tough
"Too Kool For Skool".  Been here 3 times now, with the same woman tending bar.    She has no business being in food service, maybe debt collections or DMV.   Accidentally went during their buck a taco "night" (were there for h.h. at 5:15 pm..), was packed with hipsters that scrounged change from under the couch.   Put name in for table, we had a round of mgritas, and waited 20 min.  Asked when we might get a table, and were told "when someone gets up to leave".   O.K. smart ass.  Couldn't get to door fast enough.  BTW, the two times were were able to actual sit down and eat, the food and drinks were actually quite good, but ruined by the needlessly arrogant attitude of the staff.    

We went to Interstate Draft House.  Great service, great beer, and great owner who gives a f*uck.
no. Just no. This is yet another hipster spot in the city that I have no idea why everyone likes. You don't impress me with your soy chorizo !   

You walk into this dark, little bar met with a weird antiseptic and sweat smell - not exactly what I want in my Mexican joint. My dinning mate and my son sat towards the back in the booths. I was unaware, it being the first time I was in there, but not a place for kids. The waitress literally scowled at my son for most the time we were there. He was just sitting there eating a taco quietly and she and the other waitresses, I could tell, were shit talking us. 

On to the food. We ordered tacos, chips and salsa and guacamole, and a chorizo and spinach burrito. They give you so few chips that we went through the whole thing and didn't even make a dent in our normal sized salsa and quac. The waitress never came around to ask us if we wanted more. I got the chicken, pez, chorizo, and carnitas taco. The size of the tacos is laughable. They are about 2-3 bites each. The pez taco was very good but everything else was nothing to scream about. The salsas were watery and my dinning mate's burrito was a loosely wrapped tube of rice and some fake meat. This would have all been fine but the price was was too high for what you got. I have taken burritos out of the freezer and heated them up with the same results. Also, for a two bite taco, I should not be paying $3. Most a la carte mexi places are the same price, but give you a real sized taco. 
I guess this place would be cool if you were going to get really drunk and cram a taco or two in your face, but if you really want a Mexican meal, this is not the place to go. This is just a bar with overpriced, average Mexican food and two meatless options.
I freakin' love this place. So good, I can't handle it.

1. Ummm $1 taco night? Aw yeah.
2. Salsa's THE BOMB.
3. Chipotle martini beverage -- delish.
4. Fun atmosphere!

Sure, it's in a part of Fishtown that sometimes isn't awesome for parking. But totally worth it. Also, sometimes the wait is long. Again, totally worth it.
Gotta just give it a meh. . . 

I SO wanted to love this place - it had so much potential!  Mexican food, close to home and a decent place for a drink in the 'hood.  But sadly we were a touch disappointed.  Its cozy with decent decor, but nothing to get super excited over.  

The menu is sparse, but the food we did have was good.  The menu is essentiallychips/salsa,  2 kinds of nachos (which needed a description on the menu - would be nice to know the difference between the two without having to ask), burgers, tacos, burritos and enchiladas, plus assorted sides.  

We had the chips and salsa, with a side of guac, to chomp on to start.  It not really salsa-salsa, its really pico de gio.  Which I actually like better but was not what we were expecting.  Hubby had the meat tacos and I had one each of the fish and the shrimp.  Mine were delish!  I like that you can order the tacos individually.  

They  have a decent drink menu with a good selection of beers, however I think for the location the beers could be priced a dollar cheaper.  Our drinks were ok.  Hubby had a plain margarita and I had a blood orange margarita.  I enjoyed mine, but my husband thought his was too heavy on the sour mix.  He ordered a shot of tequila to dump into his drink, and the shot cost as much as the drink itself.  

Our server was sweet - there was some confusion at the beginning of our meal - but she seemed a little "in the weeds".  However, she was nice and was really moving so I wont hold anything against her.  

And hit to the owner - you really should put it on the menu that you are CASH ONLY!  Long story, but I was planning on paying with our credit card and didn't think I had the debit card on me (there is an ATM in the place).  If I hadn't realized I did have it with us and we had eaten our dinner only to find out you were cash only when the bill came it would have sucked!  Oh and I didn't get a draft beer, but did I see that they are served in plastic glasses?  Please get glass-glasses, plastic just ruins the beer and I am no longer in college.
The service was good but the food was mediocre.  I love chicken tortilla soup and had high hopes. My Dad loves posole. Sadly, these two soups were almost identical and neither tasted good - they were both very spicy with a burnt flavor. My stepmom's chorizo burrito was not tasty either. She is convinced the meat was actually ground beef. Tacos or nachos seem to be a better bet here.  Also, the music is super loud and it's definitely a festive bar vibe which is cool but not what we were expecting. Again, the service was good and the place was packed. Most of the happy people had margaritas and nachos. It's more of that kind of place.
I couldn't care less that this isn't "authentic" Mexican food.  I do care that it's super delicious.  I've been there a few times recently and I find myself craving their soy chorizo and nachos pretty often.  Soy chorizo does not exist in traditional Mexican food, but it's amazing!  Their nachos are also everything I want in nachos, but most places don't have.  They are crispy and layered throughout with toppings.  It might be too much for one person to eat alone, so it's better to share.

Seats can be difficult to get at times, but if you go on an off night, or maybe a bit later you can get a spot.  The service is surprisingly good and the prices are affordable.  

Whenever I go, they have cool music playing - usually either old school hip hop, the XX, Radiohead, or something else I like.  Bonus points for the she-male trannie drawing on the bathroom wall.
My absolute favorite taco spot outside of the occasional food truck. The chicken tacos are seasoned to perfection and the margaritas have you lit in two seconds. Place fills up pretty quickly so if you go on a busy night, expect a wait. Cash only but ATM on premises.
I'v been hearing all the buzz and finally got out to Loco Pez for some cervezas and tacos!  It was $1 taco night so we tried about 3/4 of what was on the menu in addition to some margaritas and canned beer.  

Oh, and the nachos!  Yes, you want to go just for the nachos.  They're so full of yum.  Go right ahead and stock 'em up with meaty goodness for a few extra bucks but we veered sans-meat and still thoroughly enjoyed them.  

The sauces were stellar.  I commented that they were an excellent compliment to the corn tortilla concoction of your choice while not overpowering it at all.  

The tacos themselves were (during this $1 each special) outstanding.  I think most were under $3 regularly so I can't complain. These are smaller 4 inch tacos so order a bunch - live a little dood!

This was my first time here.  I found it interesting that although Loco Pez isn't exactly in the thick of Northern Liberties and Fishtown hot spots, by 6:30 there was a 2 deep stack at the bar and people waiting for tables.  The Happy Hour crowd was pretty mixed.  A few seniors, a couple kids, moms, dads, hipsters, nerds, etc.  I like it like that.
came here for lunch and thought everything was decent. nothing i would rave about, i personally like pancho's down the street way better. 
the tacos were good but too much liquid that the tortillas broke through. the fish was fried perfectly though
the quesadillas are not what you think, they're mostly meat with a little bit of cheese in these almost pita pocket shaped tortillas, not the triangle shape you're used to.
my favorite dish here was probably the guac, it was seasoned perfectly.
all in all, this place is good for some casual tacos with friends
I have been to loco pez for the last few years but tonight I went in and I got the worst service I have ever experienced in my life. the bartender women behind the main bar completely dismissed my friend and I and I know it was because I was black. I was the only African American women waiting and she refused to take my tip. I never felt so disrespected in a restaurant in Philadelphia.
Honestly, where do I begin....The appeal of this place is dollar taco night...
If you must go here, go on a regular night.  Dollar Taco night is a good deal but at what cost? The bartenders making you feel like a drink order is like asking them to pick you up from an airport 6 hours away during rush hour traffic? Not being able to add a sprinkle of shredded cheese to a taco without an up charge? The veggie options are so boring and they'll charge, like I said, to add anything to them, so don't even ask.  We waited for an hour, ordered a couple tacos, but they somehow only managed to bring out our side of guacamole? I feel bad for the handful of servers who are friendly.   If you're in the mood for cheap imitation Mexican food that makes you feel fat and greasy, there is a Chipotle a mile away and they are way nicer there.  The food at Loco Pez is decent if you want to indulge, but not worth bad service and being made to feel like an inconvenience.  
Also, take credit cards....are you really trying that hard to not pay taxes? I think you've established yourself thus far to act like a real business.
This place is super hip, no doubt about it. Kind of a dinery feel with "Cash Only Bitches" written anywhere it can be, Loco Pez was a place I've been trying to get to forever. Is there any convenient way to get to Kensington?

Had three tacos and shared black beans and rice with the group. The fish was my favorite. Seitan and spinach and mushroom were tasty as well, but DAMN if those tacos weren't the tiniest tacos I've ever seen. Tacos for babies. And at $2~ each, it adds up. 

Black beans were pureed- I would have eaten it like soup if I wasn't sharing with the table. Rich flavor and a tiny kick, yum. Rice was rice. Chips were good, and even better with guac. 

Also, this place is CLEAN. The bucket that carried three squirt bottles of hot sauces was spotless. No crusty containers, no sticky fingers. Bravo. I'm looking forward to coming back for happy hour.
I came here last night, I have to admit, I had no idea what was going on w/ the old Crazy Fish.  I really think that this joint may be my new neighborhood "go to spot".  

It's kind of dark inside (not a bad thing), they had sports on TV, decent music playing and the place had an old school feel to it.  

The bar is long and had plenty of seats, there were about 5 tables on the side and 3-4 booths in the rear.

They had a great beer selection, I prefer Tecates....but at $4 a pop, I think is kind of expensive.  The margaritas were really good too, @ 6$ was reasonable.   The bartender was completely attentive, explained the menu and had beers lined up before we were finished our current ones, there is nothing more I can ask for than that!

We sampled about 4-5 tacos, all authentic, fresh and flavorful and had the volcano burrito (veggie)   All food is accompanied by 3 sauces in range from mild (verde) to a pretty hot pepper sauce.

I can not wait to go back to this place w/ some friends, I hope they incorporate some specials and have a happy hour.  Sorry Dos Segundos, but I don't need to travel to you anymore, I can stumble home from this place!
Went to this spot a few weekends ago to grab a bite with a friend and neither of us had a clue what we wanted. Our barkeep (I'm fucking atrocious with names, but pretty sure his name was Ruben... that's what I'm rolling with) was the shit. 

He came over and rapped to us like he was the old-school neighbor down the block... just cool as fuck, and guided us to exactly what we wanted no matter we didn't. Ruben is a fucking psychic.

Anyway, cheap eats, cheap drinks, solid fare, great service, and a soothsayer behind the bar make Loco Pez a no-brainer. 

Of note: people like the place, so getting a seat might take a minute depending on the time/day.

PS: Whiskey is my lover, but when in Rome... 

Anyway, I communicated that to Ruben and asked him to pick me something. I don't remember what he guided me to, but I now know I also fancy tequila. Great fucking service all around.

Go here.
In search of good fish tacos, I was directed to Loco Pez by a talk thread.  I ended up bringing along the brother and his wifey to help me on my journey.

There were a few things that caught my eye on the menu, but I was here for tacos and so tacos are what I got.  I ordered 2 fish, 1 pork, and 1 steak.  The pork and steak were both ok.  The flavors were there, but both needed some sauce to help make them better.  He felt the same way about the tacos. The sauces were fun to mix and match. 

The fish tacos were good, but the piece of fish was so tiny, it was more cabbage than anything else.  Surprisingly, the waffle fries my brother ordered were really good.  I don't even like waffle fries.

Service was awesome.  Cash only...good thing we had that dinero.
I wanted to try this place because my roommate recommended it. Honestly not thrilled. 

I went with a friend who brought in a slice of pizza and we ordered a burrito, app, and drinks, hoping it would be OK for him to enjoy his pizza there too. I know we should have assumed it's not OK to bring in any food from another place, but several staff members saw us walk in and didn't say a word. It wasn't until they brought my steak burrito (which was just okay by the way) that my friend took a bite of his pizza. He was told he couldn't eat it there, and  there was just no bargaining.  The situation left a bad taste. I quickly finished my burrito and we left.

The waitress was very nice an apologetic, but the situation was awkward. I wouldn't go back to this place.
Lots of good reviews and pretty disappointing.

1. Update your menu. Nothing on it has been updated for months. 
2. They still have a 20% gratuity regardless of party size which i could understand during covid but theyre at full capacity with no restrictions and have both indoor and outdoor. 
3. I usually tip 20% but the service is trash. We waited thirty mins just to have them figure out our bill bc they charged us for just drinks and we gave them the courtesy of correcting our bill to include our food. Constantly having to ask for everything. Utensils didnt come w the food. Water had a piece of a stick in it. Have to grab someone begging them to take our check away from us. 
4. The food is honestly subpar. Tacos are small portions especially the shrimp and fish tacos. The enchiladas arent bad but can get dry. Theres a lot of great mexican food options in the area and this place is probably the most disappointing. 
5. Drinks are cheap which is great, the red rice is bomb the only thing i finished. 

Tbh service probably sucks bc the automatic gratuity. I am honestly not sure how this place has such great reviews.
DECENT.  I love when a new place opens within blocks of my house, I love it even more then the food is good and the drinks are cheap. 

The tacos are teeny tiny, but good.  I had the carnita and pez taco, I couldn't decide which I liked more.  
Lots of mexican beers that you can't find in the hood... CASH ONLY - which could be a bummer, but there are plenty of atms around and one in the bar.  

There is a pinball machine, and sexy half naked lady mexican comics plastered on the bathroom walls.

I dig it. Decent.
WARNING: THIS PLACE IS CASH ONLY

The equation is simple: 
Hunger + watching your friends get baked = Food Conquests

Specifically I was asked where can we get Nachos and Tacos from and I couldn't think of anywhere else. So there we go heading into Hipster central (Fishtown). Luckily this place is open until 2am which makes it an amazing location for drunken hunger. 

If you're wondering what a Food Conquest might entail, don't worry I will explain. 3 high school friends decide to reunite on what might be on of our most epic ventures yet. 2 high as all hell and one sober until liquid courage is included. I figured Loco Pez would be packed on a Friday night around 11 pm and it was. We managed to get seated right as we walked in though. I have no complaints regarding service or the food. 

Food Order: 

Oskar Blues: Mama's Little Yella Pils
Great Lakes: Christmas Ale
Shrimp & Fideos
Chili Dog (award winning chili)
Nachos
Al Pastor Quesadillas 
Chicken Tacos

Conclusion: Take home boxes and stuffed happy women. What more can you ask for?
This is the WORST bar, I've ever been to, and I've been to Ia., Va, Ms, La, Ohio, NJ, Md, Mn, Il.. pretty much I've been all over. 
For one, when I walked in there, I had to wait over three minutes before I was acknowledged because all three bartenders were at the end of the bar socializing instead of tending to their patrons. 
Strike ONE!
After all of that I was finally approached, after having to yell down the bar and meet them halfway before being asked what I wanted. I asked the cost of their Long Island Iced Teas and this frigid idiot of a bartender states she doesn't know AND they didn't have Lemon Squirt so she had to put O.J. in it! No price fix or anything! 
Strike TWO
Mind you, the only reason I came to this bar was because I was at a friends house waiting for them so I figured I'd kill some time.
Oh wait, let me take aback a little. they charged me before even giving me my drink, but when I noticed the ladies sitting next to me, they were charged AFTERWARDS! 
Strike THREE
But by this time I already paid for my much needed drink. All during my episode there, I wasn't tended to, or checked on, Nothing. 
Like I said, I've been to bars, I know the routine: Greet, Take order, Check on patron a few times and send the bills. Basic protocol.
Get this, when another set of patrons who resembled very much the same patrons who didn't have to pay until they were about to leave, entered the bar, they were greeted INSTANTLY!  Checked on, the whole nine.
 Mind you these patrons could never be mistaken for being a member of my family, if you know what I mean. So that was an issue that came to mind and I will continue to suspect. I have video of the whole experience. I wish I could post it here to show you how this chick really had me feeling as if I was a fly on the wall.
I know anyone who is a native of Fishtown would ask, whats a guy like yourself expect when entering a bar out there? But money is green and that should be the ONLY color involved and concerned with. 
I dont care what these other posts say about their menu and prices because the service SUCKS. And when youre dealing with the public, you should be EQUAL, friendly and informative.
What's the spanish word for efficient?  I went back here the other night and let me just tell you: this place rocks.  I gave four stars last time, but they've officially gone up a notch in my book because the bartenders here are on top of their shit.  They made our drinks right away, the food came out quickly, and they even gave us free chips because we had some leftover guac.  That probably doesn't sound like that big of a deal since it was just a basket of chips, but I appreciated their thoughtfulness.  I'm certainly not an authority on Mexican food, but trust me anyway because my meal here was good.  As if there weren't enough reasons to love this place, they still have an amazing happy hour special here (cheap mini tacos, $3 beers, $4 margaritas Monday through Friday).  There's no excuse not to get up here and try this place out.
Loco pez is my go to bar in Fishtown.  Delicious food and an amazing tequila selection. I always sit at the bar, but beware it get crazy busy in there. So prepare for a wait on the weekend.  Or do what I do, and visit During the off hours.  And do yourself a favor, get the Nachos de Kenzo if you're a fan of massive amounts of food covered in meat.
First of all, it's cash only. What? Why? It's 2019. Seems like a scam to nickel and dime everyone with their ATM fee. Plus all our banks charge extra for random ATMs so that's just screwing us over.

Second, the food is junk. The tacos are tasteless. TASTELESS. You have to put sauce on them or else they literally will taste like nothing. Also, their carne asada taco is made of ground beef. Since when isn't carne asada grilled strips? It's not like it's particularly high quality beef either. Here's something else. When you order chips and salsa, you're ordering chips and a bowl of literally the blandest pico de gallo you've ever had. Like, Trader Joe's refrigerator aisle level. It's the most basic stuff. The decor is great but you don't go to a restaurant to look at the wallpaper.

Also, the margaritas are way too strong. I get it, it's Philly, everyone's drunk. But Jesus Christ, what's the point of a mixed drink if all your getting out of it is the booze? I may as well have just ordered a shot! Also the waiter had weird energy. Not the guy who brought the food out. He was nice. But the one waiter just like had this weird energy to him like he was doing us a favor by introducing us to this epic cuisine. It's not great food! Any hole in the wall tacqueria or truck will give you better flavors. This is like baby's first taco restaurant. Also also.... THE TACOS DONT HAVE ANYTHING ON THEM! It's just the meat you ordered and that's it! No personality! As bare bones as possible. 

And god forbid you order anything with cheese on it. An avalanche of cheese! Gross! I'm sure some people who are dumb love this kind of thing where the only thing you're getting, flavorwise is "FAT!" or "SALT!" but for anyone with actual respect for their tastebuds and Latin cuisine in general, avoid this place!
Divey, dingy and delicious are three words that I would use to explain this place. When I walked inside it was far different from what I was expecting, but the food more than made up for it. 

The decor is dated, but that adds to the kitsch. Even after visiting I'm still not sure if you're supposed to sit yourself or wait for someone to seat you. Either way, I grabbed the first booth available since it was buzzing on a Saturday morning. I made a mental note to come back for brunch again, since the Bloody Mary's that everyone else was drinking looked great.

I decided to go a for a small meal so I ordered two tacos and the cheesy grits. Strange brunch, right?  I would never come to regret this decision. My tacos were al pastor and the chorizo potato; both were outstanding. Small, but full of flavor, their tacos come on a lightly warmed corn tortilla. The meat was perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked. Do you know how hard it is to find a good chorizo taco? I'm still having cravings for their tacos. The cheesy grits were also tasty; very buttery with some chives on top. I feel like it didn't need the chives, but it was still edible and I enjoyed it.

So I'll be back. I feel I need to give some more of their menu a shot. I definitely need some more of their chorizo tacos in my life. A decent place.
Hi there, what was that? I didn't hear you over my loud chewing from these dank a$$ tacos. 

This place has a unique dive bar like vibe. They have great priced tacos ($2-$3) that are simple and delicious. Cash only but if you forget you'll be greeted with signs overhead that say things like "cash only bitches" lol. 

Chips and salsa is priced wonderful and is delicious too. We added salt and used their myriad of hot sauces to spice things up. 

Definitely a go to for tacos in Fishtown area
We had just walked in - put our names on the wait list- meandered to the bar and asked for a cheap beer. Before even glancing at us or noting that we were committed for the night ( and live in the neighborhood) the bartender har-har-har-d at us and told us to go across the street. 

So we did! And with minimal regrets after I've written this review, I'm happy to say that we- and the people I've told about this unfortunate experience- will not return because faux Mexican in fish town is not worth the popularity contest!
We did a mobile delivery order being as though the restaurant was less than 10 minutes away from us. We were highly disappointed once we received our order, first everything was mushed together.. seriously. They put the beef and pork tacos in one container and we had 3 shrimp and 2 fish tacos which looked like they just threw into a circle container. You really couldn't tell which was which. Secondly, the corn tortillas were all broken.. those of you who eat tacos know usually when you order tacos they come with two corn tortillas as they do break easily... not here. 

Okay, next $10 for a small container of Guacamole... that's fine except they literally only gave us a handful of chips to go with this... the flavor was another thing the meat and fish tacos lacked seasoning. However, the shrimp ones were good. And the tacos were supposed to come with onions and cilantro, see the photos with this review as there was none on the meat tacos just a bunch of radishes. 

Overall, we were extremely disappointed with this order. The prices are a bit aggressive (each taco being $4+) and the quality/flavor was lacking. They need to re-evaluate their packaging if they are offering take out/ delivery options. Bonus: When we called to address our dissatisfaction the employee blamed it on the delivery, never apologized and told us if we re-ordered they would make sure to "fix" it.
Three words: HAPPY HOUR NACHOS

Just go during happy hour, 5-7 M-F or 1-3 Sat/ Sun, and order yourself the nachos (splurge the extra $1 for a huge scoop of guac). For $6, you'll get a beautiful mound of melty , gooey, crunchy, salty, satisfying chips with no skimping on the toppings. Best paired with 1-2 friends and a draft IPA. My vegetarian friend and I had no qualms about splitting this meat-free dish, and we hardly made a dent before my stomach finally screamed at me to stop binge eating. I probably looked like an animal, shoveling food with my hands - NO SHAME. Best nachos I may have ever eaten.

I also ordered a Chilorio taco (a spicy pulled pork) and a Chorizo & potato taco - both banging, but the Chorizo definitely won. The tacos were small, like smaller than the palm of my hand, and I have little hands (I'm Donald Trump LOL). I was a little disappointed that they cost $2+ each. I'd definitely come back on $1 taco night though.

Beer selection is alright, about 6 on draft and a variety of bottles/ cans, and the bar is full of any liquor you could want. The vibe is very chill - a little dim, a little tight at the bar. Hipster, but not overly; divey but clean.

Bartender was a little harsh. I arrived a little before 5 and I wasn't about to buy a beer when it wasn't on happy hour. When I stated I'd sip on water until 5, she rolled her eyes and kind of gave me 'tude. She was fine otherwise, average bartendery service. 

I'll definitely be back. This is the perfect weekday happy hour.
Given the part of town, I was hoping for more of a funky "cantina" than a slick sports bar.  The American ESPN monitors, the American waitresses, the American pinball machine, and the American background rock music dispelled any notion I had of enjoying a trip to an authentic Mexican bar.

Give the owner credit, though.  The  wall decor, even the restroom comic pages were in Spanish, and the food was real Mexican. Oh, the guacamole! Lovingly and authenticly prepared.  Excellent tacos.  I just wish enchiladas and stuffed peppers and tamales were on the menu.  You know, authentic Mexican cantina food instead of the Americanized "nachos" that I saw the locals eating across the way with their "diet soda".  Yep, they're going to lose weight with that. LOL.

OK, so Fishtown is not going to draw enough Mexicans and Mexican food lovers to make a go of it.  The beer selection is good, the margaritas are too sweet but better than those made with a mix.  The manager and staff were accomodating and friendly.  It's a nice , clean, inviting place, albeit crowded in the back dining room.

I wish the owner luck with his limited, tasty, and overpriced menu in this neighborhood.  Me?  I guess I'll return to the Washington Avenue tacquerias and truck in my margarita fixings until someone opens a true Mexican cantina in town.
I came in on a sleepy afternoon during the week. While waiting to meet a friend, I was graciously helped by the bartender, whose name I didn't get, but who was outstanding! She was friendly and attentive but not over bearing. I ordered a few beers on tap and two tacos. The tacos are small and priced accordingly. The carne asada was decent but the real winner was the al pastor, which had diced pineapple on it. A little sweet, a little spicy; greatness in every bite! Also, the three salsas that were brought out were all wonderful but I HIGHLY recommend the tomatillo one. Vibe is super chill and full bar selection is great. Definitely a place to come with a friend or two, grab a few drinks and some great food. 

It's too bad I live on the other side of the country from Loco Pez because I would totally be a regular if I was nearby.
Dude!!! Tacos are legit! And I'm from SoCal originally... ordered for takeout during quarantine and got a pitcher of fairlane, nachos de kenzo, and a variety of tacos bc we wanted to try them ALL! Fave taco was carne asada (didn't taste like authentic carne asada seasoning but it was delicious!) second was al pastor then carnitas then fried fish. Everything was super tasty. The al pastor and carnitas were the closest to authentic Mexican tacos but everything was so yummy including the cocktail.
Always fresh and delicious. The service is good, at times can be a bit slow, even when it's not totally crowded, but the staff is always pleasant and knowledgeable. I always get a different variety of tacos, my favorites are the pez and shrimp. My boyfriend swears by their burritos and the nachos are a meal on their own. I have never had a bad experience at Loco Pez and will continue to come here - which lately seems pretty often. Great bang for your buck!
Went to this place for the first time last night. It was worth the trek out to Fishtown (from graduate hospital) which I am normally not too keen on especially when I know I'll be drinking heavily/taking a cab. 
We waited a short time, in the not too crowded bar area and consumed some drinks. Their margaritas and special margaritas were very good and heavy handed on the tequila. Beer selection was also quite plentiful. 
The service was excellent and very fast and attentive. Our waitress was very enthusiastic about telling us everything about the menu. I agree with some other reviews that the menu should probably include descriptions of some of the items on the menu.
The tacos, while small, were VERY good and at a good price. We actually saw the guy in the kitchen cutting smaller tortillas out from a larger premade tortilla. Not sure why they would do this, but my stomach was happy so I obliged. I thought it was cool that you could order by the taco and therefore get all different kinds of meat. I never liked when other places don't let you substitute meats. Also a few points off for the fact that they don't make their own chips/tortillas, but whatever they are using works.
The Nachos de kenzo were hands down the best nachos I've eaten in life. I kid you not. These are a requirement if you go here. There was so much deliciousness piled on top of these chips that I was content to eat just them (which I didn't).
Overall, come to this place!
Amazing tacos for $1 every week (announced on social media which day)! It gets pretty crowded on the dollar taco nights so make sure you get there early! The camarones are amazing! Breading on the shrimp is super light an
You had me at Taco Thursdays.
Hip, deceivingly large taqueria located in the heart of a residential intersection in Fishtown.  Volcano burrito, chorizo tacos, and amazing nachos is what my friend's have told me, and the volcano burrito, chorizo tacos (and seitan tacos), and nachos are exactly what I've had when I've been here.

To start, the place is dim-lit, can be a place to hang with friends or honestly, even bring a date to if you get a table (bar area can be a little loud).  I've sat at the bar, the dining area back past the bar, and the dining room essentially behind the bar and more secluded.

Great drinks - their margaritas are tasty and a decent beer list.  The nachos are huge - and you can add essentially anything you want to them.  The menu is very customizable, as there are a bunch of fillings and you choose how you want it - tacos, burritos, quesadillas, enchiladas, or chimichangas.  There are a plethora of veggie options, including the nachos, and if you add seitan on them, you will be in heaven.  Their volcano burrito is delicious - not much substance to it, but the sauce and flavor is amazing.  Their chorizo taco is definitely better than their seitan, but both are worth a shot to try.

Overall, a great a spot to bring friends to, which I have often.  Cool vibe, no fuss, and you know what you're getting.  Just make sure someone has cash.
Favorite Mexican place in the area. Very inexpensive and great food. I recommend trying to daily special and just doing a little bit of everything in terms of the tacos and food. 

The margaritas are amongst the best I've had, especially the spicy ones. Theres lots of variety and the prices make it that you can try a few!

The wait is the only thing that is very inconsistent. I've come weekend nights expecting a long wait and gotten in right away and also come on weekdays and found a wait too long. They do take your number though and text you when the table is ready so that's cool.
LOCO PEZZZZ *slow clap* one of my FAVORITE restaurants in Fishtown. Loco Pez does a great job at balancing deliciousness with simplicity- they just get it! I had probably the best chicken and waffles ever here and I'm telling you, they're better than Jone's or any other chicken and waffles I've tried. Their guac and tacos are great too, same with their mimosas, margaritas, and bloody marys. The staff is always super friendly and the ambiance is very homey. This is definitely a hip spot so if you appreciate more traditional restaurants then maybe Loco Pez isn't your best option. They have a fridge in the back where you can buy cases of beer- heaven on earth! 

TIP: CASH ONLINE. There's an ATM inside towards the back.
TIP: During happy hour, nachos are half off (5-7 PM, Monday-Friday). 

Beers on Tap:
Kenzinger, Lionshead, Dos Equis Amber, PBC, Broadcaster Brown, Victory Hop Devil, Troegs Dead Reckoning

Beer in Bottles & Cans:
Miller High Life, Miller Lite, PBR, Yuengling Lager, Modelo Especial, Tecate, Corona, Corona Light, Pacifico Clara, Negra Modelo, Sol, Dos Equis Lager, Bohemia, Dale's Pale Ale, Sly Fox IPA, Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA, Guinness, Rodenbach

Speciality drinks available:
Impala, Fairlane, Regal, Coupe de Ville, Monte Carlo, Bel Air
This place is another breath of fresh air for the area. It should be considered at the level of Green Rock Tavern and Memphis Taproom.  The draft selection is quality and the food is delicious. 

Each table gets three different kinds of spicy salsa to go with their food. There is a mild one with a hint of pineapple, a medium one with tormatillo and jalapeno, and a spicy one with chipotle. They are all delicious. 

The burger is so buttery and delicious and comes with a mountain of waffle fries . It's only six bucks!!! The pico de gallo salsa was awesome too. The biggest shock was how good the TVP taco was...It was banging.
We came on a Tuesday night thinking they'd have taco Tuesday deals. Unfortunately not the Case. But they had pretty good happy hour deals but that's only 5-7. The classic margaritas were good and only $4. The nachos were $5 and that was the best because they are huge. The tacos aren't expensive but they are tiny but came out so fast! It felt like we ordered and then blinked and they were there!! 

The nachos are really good but I definitely love when nachos have a layer of cheese in between to keep it even and these don't have that but that would have been nice for sure. 

The other thing was just a little awkward that while we were waiting for a table to become available there wasn't really a good place to wait. I felt like we were in the way no matter where we went. 
But staff was great and food was good! Good margs! 

CASH ONLY. There's an ATM inside but just easier if you have cash of your own before going I.
This is tucked away on a quiet street off the beaten path in Fishtown. A friend of mine happily took me to this place because he raved RAVED about nachos. It's a hefting serving of tortillas chips, cheese and jalapeños, and maybe beans. 

We had the coupe de ville to wash it down. Delicious and yum yums!
We eat here on the reg. Wonderful nachos and great prices. Thank you for making great food!
We had a terrible dinner delivered at least 2 tacos were missing, all of the tortillas were broken and the meat tacos barely had onion and cilantro. We called to get a sense of why things were so terribly packaged. And the person on the other end was not helpful at all. Deflecting and unapologetic. 

We basically had deconstructed tacos ‍ and paid $50 for them. Never again
I'm updating my review from a five star to a two star after my most recent experience. When someone orders a vegetarian, soy burrito, they should not find a very large chunk of stringy chicken guts lodged in the middle of it. It was bad enough that the burrito was disappointing to begin with, but finding such a large amount of meat in my food sets off a number of red flags concerning what goes on in the Loco Pez kitchen.
Oh Loco Pez a Mexican staple for fishtown. Do not come here on $1 taco night you stand to wait atleast an hour minimum. Aside from the crazy compact days on dollar taco frenzy this place is a solid decision for food and drinks. 

    The nachos are an absolute favorite for me, they just have mastered the perfect ratio for every topping to ensure you get a bit of everything with every tortilla. The beef is seasoned perfectly, cheese melted to a gooey perfection and diced veggies juicy and crisp. If you actually looked around the bar while pondering about what to order you would see an order of nachos on every surface top; hinting that you should try some too. Tacos are small but pack a punch and drinks are well blended and above average.

   Although the place is small if you're willing to wait (which you should be used to waiting if you live in the city) this place lives up to the hype, is satisfying and easy on your pocket.
Loco Pez never fails to please, it's a regular spot for me.  They tend to be busy most times I go there but since I prefer to sit at the bar it's never a problem.  The bartenders at Loco Pez are almost always swamped but you wouldn't know it since they're so attentive and on the ball.  The food is always good though I only stick to tacos and nachos.  Margarita's are delish. 

If I want mexican food this is my go to spot.
Being from LA, I never knew how much I missed good Mexican food until I moved to the east coast.  I've been on the east since early 2008 and I'm always on the lookout for a good Mexican restaurant. Which surprisingly is kind of hard to find. In LA, it was given that any Mexican restaurant that is actually run by Mexicans would be pretty good. But in the east coast, especially in the Princeton area, that was not always the case. So when my bro in-law and his girlfriend suggested Loco Pez, I immediately looked it up on Yelp and was excited by the 4 star average it received from over 130 reviews.

The décor is very hip and trendy and they have what looks like a full bar. There's bar seating and some high tables next to the bar as well as a main seating area in the 4 booths and a couple of tables. Its not the biggest place so it may not be good for big groups.

They have a pretty decent vegetarian option which worked out well for us since one of us doesn't eat meat.  Our group ordered the nachos with soy chorizo to share which was very good. I ordered the carne asda burrito which was also very good. The meat was well seasoned and very tasty. My only complaint was that the tortilla was over cooked and a little crispy. But that may be a person preference. Also, I wished my burrito was a little bigger for the price I paid.  Others in our group ordered the shrimp and fist tacos. They liked them but wished they knew they had the option to have the meat grill instead deep fried.

The service was excellent and very attentive. Our food came out promptly and drinks were always full. Overall, it was a very good dining experience.

4 stars for decor
4 stars for service
5 stars nachos, 3-4 stars for tacos and burritos.
4 stars for cleanliness
This is my go to place for good burritos and margaritas. Their staff is always super nice and helpful. I recommend the carne asada burrito, and try their green salsa! Not spicy unfortunately but super flavorful! 
They nachos are also good!! Enough for 2 as a meal.
This is my favorite taco place ever! Every time I'm in Philly I try to come here. Honestly, don't come here because it will ruin tacos for you forever. Nothing compares (I have looked). I have tried all their tacos here and the pollo is the best so now I only get those. I wouldn't come for $1 tacos (declared on the Facebook and Instagram pages) because it's super busy and worth paying the marginal amount more on a normal day. The tacos are small and simple and cheap. The chicken tacos come only with onion, cilantro, radishes, and a lime. The homemade sauces are all amazing. I love the verde one!

Their drinks are also amazing. The coup de ville marg is super good with the blood orange flavor.

This place is definitely quirky inside. The art is strange and it is super hipster but it's fun. It's a cool bar and super dark. If you feel brave try the 20 taco challenge and get on the Gordo Board. The record is just over 2 minutes!

I wish they would open a loco pez wherever I move!
I have been here a few times as I live in the area. It's never easy to get a table or a seat at the bar at loco pez- it's always packed. But that's for good reason, great drinks and great food. Especially wonderful during happy hour when you get a large plate of the $5 nachos! Great pic and very filling. I have had friends that just had that for their meal instead of sharing it with the table as an appetizer. We opted for a pitcher of classic margarita that was on happy hour deal for 
$20. The classic margaritas are quite strong but in the best way! Happy hour is 5-7 on weeknights.

Great thing about this place is their waitlist system. They put your name and number into a program and the program texts you when your table is ready. You can either go to the waitstaff immediately, ask for two minutes if you are walking around and need time to get back to the restaurant or tell them to give your table to someone else. You can leave the restaurant, walk around or go for a drink while you want. Great customer service.
 
I got the pollo enchiladas for the first time and loved them. They were delicious. VERY filling but what Mexican food isn't filling? Great meal and will obviously be back!
I'm a fan of this place. Other than the import, the service is generally sub par. I've had better Mexican food, however I'm into cheap tacos, the 70's living room dive bar atmosphere, and it's a short walk from my apartment. Dollar taco night is always fun to stumble upon. Tune into their twitter account for what night they decide to have it. 

If you want authentic Mexican food you've come to the wrong place. Their garbacho taco is the classic hard shell taco you had at your friend's place after school. Ground beef, lettuce, pico, and cheese - I'm a sucker for it. The rest of their tacos are served the more traditional style on a small soft tortilla.

I'm a big fan of their happy hour: $4 for a huge plate of nachos, $4 house margaritas, and $3 drafts. Good for a cheap dinner alone or with a friend and some cheap drinks to drown your sorrows from the day.
Loco Pez has been my go-to neighborhood Mexican restaurant since late 2014. It's hands down the most authentic California-style Mexican cuisine I've had on the east coast and the best you'll get in Philly. The entire atmosphere of the bar also sums up Fishtown very well, with a DIY kind of feel. Everyone from the servers to the bartenders to the food runners are very professional and efficient. It's also very inexpensive with very generous portion offerings. A few of my favorite menu items include the Nachos de Kenzo, which is a meal in and of itself. Their fish tacos are also incredible, along with their enchiladas and burritos. If you ask for it, they also make a killer burrito bowl. In terms of brunch, the breakfast tacos and huevos rancheros are highly recommended. If you come here, you also have to get the margaritas. They're not overly sweet, strong, and compliment just about anything on the menu. If you like spice, the Monte Carlo with the chipotle infused tequila is also great. Also, keep an eye on their Twitter account for $1 taco night, which happens spontaneously.

Something else I want to comment on too is the leftovers hold very well from here. Many servers have sworn on cracking an egg over top of your food before reheating it in the oven; this does actually work and makes your leftovers taste just as great as they did coming from the kitchen.

Given the popularity of this little spot and the fact there are no reservations, it fills up really quickly, so I recommend either coming early in the evening (between 5-6) or later at night (after 9:30pm) if you don't want a long wait. However, with small groups, I've never waited more than 20-30 minutes on a crowded night for a spot. They've recently implemented a text-based wait list system that will send you a text message once your table is ready so you can plan accordingly. Also take note that this place is cash only, so bring cash if you don't want to pay the crazy ATM surcharge.
We wanted to like this place. Walked in, got on the waiting list. Waited maybe 20-25 min for our table. Got seated. All fine. It took the server maybe 10-15 min to greet us/get our order. She took our order and then we didn't see her for a solid 30min. She came over and apologized for our food taking a while. Another 25 min passes. My app arrives. The table next to us that was seated after us has now eaten their app and is eating their food. We ask the person who delivered my app where our food was. Our server comes back and says "the kitchen lost the ticket". We have now been waiting an hour for 3 tacos and some huevos rancheros. We finally received our food. Coming from two Hispanic women, the food was mediocre at best. The tacos didn't come with the right meat and my eggs were cooked wrong. We still ate most of it because we were starving at this point. The restaurant apologized and comped part of the meal. I will not be coming back and I would not recommend this place to anyone.
I guess I should change my rating to a four just based on how often I order takeout from here. The nachos and burritos are what I order the most. 

You can't  beat the $5 nachos during happy hour. It's a huge pile with toppings galore that can easily pass for a meal. 

The burritos are huge. I go carne asada with guacamole and my SO gets the pollo w/ green rice and black beans.
Loco Pez is a great spot. I live around the corner from it but I don't frequent it as much as I would like to. To be honest, I've only been here about 3 times. Sadly my bf doesn't have an affinity for tacos like I do! Both times I've been here the service has been great. I've only been able to grab a table here once. That's the only reason why I didn't give them 5 stars. It's always so insanely busy sometimes that 1. you cant have a conversation with anyone unless they're screaming in your ear and 2. people tend to sit at the tables for a long long time. Other than that, the food is amazing. I've had a lot of things off of the menu. but my favorite of all time was their scallop taco. I don't really like seafood, but this taco was like made by God. It was so good that I wanted to smother myself in them and die. I've also tried their margaritas which are pretty on point too. Service at the bar is great, Ruben was my server the very first time I went there about a year ago and he was so nice! My boyfriend and I mentioned to him that we were looking for a place around Fishtown and he kindly offered to get in contact with his friend who did real estate. Awesome awesome guy. I'm not sure if he works at Loco Pez anymore since I haven't been there in quite a long time. But this place is great if you can grab a seat!
Great location although please get some heaters for the outdoor booth area. It's freezing. Awesome guacamole made fresh and delicious carne asada. Tasty homemade salsas too. They're taking credit card right now as well.
I've hear so many good things about this place, I finally came here during happy hour. 

It's a dive bar ambiance, everyone looked so laidback. I had to waited about 10 mins to get a table, but the server would take your name and your phone #, so when you table is ready, you will get noticed through text. 

Yes, their margarita $4 and nachos $5 are the best deal for happy hour. Very good margarita, huge yet delicious nachos for just $5! You can't beat this deal! 

My friend and I ordered some tacos, unfortunately, tacos are just mediocre.

I will definitely come back for their happy hour (M-F 4pm-7pm), they also have happy hour on weekends 1pm-3pm, I think. 

Highly recommended for their happy hour, not the food though.
Sweet little spot for reasonably priced mini tacos and $3 margaritas during their happy hour (Monday - Friday, 5-7 PM).  I ordered the mushroom taco with a bowl of red rice and I loved it.  I also enjoyed their seitan tacos.  It was very crowded while we were there, so it was kind of hard to get the bartender's attention and there wasn't any elbow room.  Go for a table if you can and don't forget to bring plenty of cash (they don't take cards).  Will definitely be back here at some point to try their brunch!
this rating is mainly for the food. I had the nachos, mushroom taco, conchinita pibil taco, and the pez taco. I layed on a bit of each hot sauce to try. I also had some of my boyfriend's conchinita pibil burrito and I have to say I was not blown away by any of the food. People kept saying how great it was here but I found it mediocre when compared to other taquerias just a few minutes away.

it's a shame I really wanted to love this place since I live in the neighborhood but most of the food seemed bland and really nothing special. I will say it's not a bad place to gather with friends. the drinks and service were good so overall I'll give it 3 stars. if I'm in the mood for tacos again, I probably wouldn't come back.
Best.

I have nothing bad to say about these guys, they're doing Mexican Jesus' work and showering Fishtown with tacos as God intended.

I've tried most of their dishes and enjoyed the living fuck out of each one.

Drunken midnight nachos and Margaritas is a guilty pleasure.

Viva la flatulence!!
The food is usually great. Only real downfall is that they get so busy, it can be hard to find a seat. I get take-out a lot from them and it's always good!
Love this place. I have worked in the biz for a long time and in Mexican restaurants for 10 years of it so I am kind of an expert. The margaritas are perfect! None of that heartburn inducing sour mix here, thank god....just tequila, lime juice and simple syrup....the way a margarita should be. The food is awesome too! Do I want a burger or an enchilada? Doesn't matter, they have BOTH! I love how I can order a variety of tacos and I don't have to get the rice and beans since it comes ala carte and not as a platter. Why would I waste my appetite on rice when I could just have another taco?? 

The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is loud and crowded but it has a homey and lively feeling at the same time. So happy to live around the corner from this place. When we were looking at houses the fact that Loco Pez was just up the street was a major selling point :) Keep it up guys, you rock.
It's too popular.  You wouldnt like it.  yeah, yeah that's it.  yes. I wouldnt lie.  It's terribly inexpensive and not inferior to any of those other taco places around this area.  You'd hate it.  Trust me.  TRUST ME (hard stare).

The staff is generally not hip or insensitive to your needs. The brunch is disturbingly indulgent, you will not leave feeling less than over full.  Avoid it for that alone.  You'll have money left over if you make their happy hour.  Their guac will make you SO disappointed... at many other restaurants.  Don't get ruined, stay away.  It's crowded because people hate it.
Writing solely because I love Loco Pez and have been coming for 6 years now and I just recently brought friends from Los Angeles here after boasting about how great it was and the salsa looked like it was in a bucket rotting in the fridge (I remember when it was brightly colored and so fresh?) this time it was super soggy/watery, also had a funky taste to it, the guac tasted super bland as well, then we raved about the carne asada (we always get it) only to be given what appeared to be HUGE chunks of I guess tendons in 3 of the 4 dishes brought out to us? Even on the famous nachos! This has never happened to us before. Also the shrimp tacos used to be hot and crispy and the past few times we have come, they're cold and soft. We were so embarrassed after telling our friends how great this place was. Even the green sauce you guys have in the squirt bottles (our favorite) didn't taste the same? Not sure if opening new restaurants (Bait & Switch - now closed ) or the new West Philly location has put you guys under financial burden, but I really wish you guys would get back to the fantastic food you used to serve!
I am very disappointed to post this update. My wife and I have been customers of Loco Pez since the week they've opened, but after tonight I question whether we'll be returning. Especially with the huge amount of local competition. I can't review the food or drink because we weren't even given a seat. Instead that we were told that we'd have to wait an hour for one to open up, despite there being no line and two open tables that would have worked for us. While the tables could have held 6 rather than my 4, that's a poor excuse. I'm very disappointed in a business I have spent a considerable amount of time and money supporting.
Awesome place! It can get VERY crowded and I don't like that it only opens at 5. The take out counter in the back (accessible through side door) is convenient. I like all the bartenders and wait staff. 

The nachos are great, and are big enough to share, yet good enough to eat by yourself. 

The tacos are really small, which is good because they are cheap and you can build yourself a mix of like, four different tacos, instead of having to get all the same like at other places. 

This place is good to eat little by little. Instead of committing to a big entree, it's cool that you can order a drink, maybe some tacos, and then drink and get even more tacos as the dinner goes on.

I've only had mixed drinks, not beer, and the Fairlane is good. It uses guava juice, and was recommended to me and I've gotten it repeatedly.

This place is cash only, so make sure to keep that in mind. ATM on site is convenient if you need it!
Are the tacos better at Los Taquitos de Puebla? Yes, of course. But the margaritas were honest (no neon-green mixer) and fairly priced and the food fresh - and unlike the "food only" spots in South Philly, this is a place where the lighting won't make you have second thoughts about your date's looks. Beware though, the tacos might look cheap but they're tiny - by the time you go through 3 or 4 of them and a couple drinks, you'll be dropping the same cash as anywhere else. Authentic? No. Fun? Yes.
It's nice to have another option for Mexican food in the NL/Fishtown area. We walked in around 8:30pm Friday night & were seated right away (there were plenty of open tables).  We started out with the $8 nachos. Yum.  Great nachos.  It appears that they were arranged with care rather than just throwing a bunch of chips & messy cheese on a plate. I think they were covered in pico de gallo, cheddar cheese, a crumbly white cheese (cojita?), refried beans and crema.  There was no description on the menu, but I figured out the difference between the $8 nachos and the more expensive Nachos de Kenzo by reading yelp reviews (thanks guys!). 

The tacos are TINY.  I actually said 'aww baby tacos' when they came out. I was bordering on full from the nachos already, so I was ok with 3 little tacos.  If you're planning on filling up on just tacos, you'll need more than 3.  I had the pollo (very good), al pastor (VERY dry...not that I like fatty meat, but the pork was so dry that I needed to drink a bunch of water to get it to go down) and chorizo & potato (easily my favorite). The margarita was delicious but just a tad too tart.  The beer selection is good, especially compared to other Mexican places that just offer standard Corona/Tecate/Dos Equis. It's a nice touch that they bring a bucket containing 3 types of salsa and 2 types of hot sauce to the table. 

The atmosphere is faux divey.  I like the water glasses, they remind me of old school Pizza Hut glasses. I'll return to check out the Nachos de Kenzo. I do think they should add the nacho descriptions to the menu, and it would be nice if they offered free chips & salsa to start out the meal (like most other Mexican restaurants).
Ok.  Let's face it.  Search all you want but the Tacos and Burritos available in this town don't hold a candle to the stuff you can get in Southern California or Texas etc.  There is nothing like Torchy's and that is sad.

The closest I have experienced around these parts is right here at Loco Pez.  Maybe similar is the wrong description.  Let's just say that the best taco I've had in Philadelphia  is here.  

They have a selection of fillings and you decide if you want it in a Taco or a Burrito, Enchilada or Quesadilla form.  Then you tell someone and a short time later someone brings your choice to you.  I like the fact that you can get as many or as few tacos as you want and each one is inexpensive, as little as $1.50 and the expensive ones are merely $3.  If you're looking for some cheap eats you can get in and out of here for easily under $10 even if you have a beer.  Or you could go crazy and order one of each taco for about $21.

The decor is divey, hipster, neighborhood bar and everybody is friendly.

If you've read some of my other reviews you know how I feel about places that don't accept credit cards.  This place is cash only so be forewarned.  Maybe because they are essentially a dive bar it's more ok.  Or maybe if they accepted credit cards they'd get a fifth star from me.
Me gusta Loco Pez! I went for brunch with two friends, and we sat at the bar. The nachos were delicious - piled high, tons of meat, excellent guacamole, and the chips by themselves were also very tasty which contributed to the superior quality of the nachos. The chicken and waffles were a special that day, and they were also amazing. The gravy was just a bit spicy, and I didn't expect it to be good on the waffles, but it really was. It was more food than I could eat, and I was starving when I sat down. They also have Mexican soda (which uses real sugar instead of the fake stuff), adding to the authenticity and the flavor of the place. 

The staff was friendly and very attentive, even though they were pretty busy. They didn't make us feel rushed, and were very kind about the mess we made with the nachos, despite our best efforts to keep it tidy. 

The women's room is very cool - so cool I feel it is worth noting right here. It is wallpapered in Spanish-language comics, making it a neat place for a selfie that doesn't look like it was taken in a bathroom, if you're into that kind of thing (which I am, because my iPhone has made me a narcissist).

*Note: Cash only! They have an ATM in the back if you forget.
Wow they kill everything in the best way. As a vegan for 5 years and a vegetarian my whole life, the fulfillment of this establishment is bar none.

Seitan and spinach tacos are tasteful and crushable.

Mushroom tacos are masterfully spiced.

Soy chorizo played its roll as a heavy hitter.

Casamigos as well as other fine tequilas provided exemplary pairing. 

Highly recommended.
Decent beer selection and prices, and pretty good food.  Charging folks for chips and salsa is kinda lame, but I guess I can let it slide once in a while. 

We were surprised to find a table for six on a Friday night at 8pm without any kind of wait.  I was told we were lucky.  The place is not big.  And it fills with hipsters quickly, though it wasn't exclusively hipster.   They won't kick you out if you wear North Face.

Portions could be bigger.  Nachos were pretty good and they were kinda like a sampler for the tacos -- so it worked out well as a preview of what was to come.  

Basically this is like "Cantina North" but without the outdoor "terrace".  Good addition to any Philly neighborhood and I hope it continues to attract patrons.
