The 'Vous manages to strike the ideal balance between dive-y appeal (cheap beer and shot specials, round-the-clock dimness) and a friendly, almost-family-like atmo.  

Case in point, our daytime bartender (whose name I did not ask, bad reviewer!) took the time to point out the "healthy" items on the 'Vous expansive menu when I lamented my pudgy state.  Drinking beer at 3pm has nothing to do with this, thank you. 

Advised that the turkey was roasted in-house every day and not some lunchmeat drivel, my girlfriend and I ordered a behemoth house salad topped with said bird, a cheese-lidded crock of onion soup and a huge plate of their criminally crisp Spanish waffle fries gilded with chopped jalapenos and onions, all very thoroughly coated in more cheese. 

Of the three items, only the onion soup disappointed -- it was like licking a beef bouillon cube.  Otherwise, the grub was tops -- and cheeeep. 

The $2 shot of the day was Pinnacle Whipped Cream vodka. I'll just let you imagine how good this tasted (and felt) after all those Spanish fries... yummm jalapeno whipped cream!

$3 pints of Victory Prima Pils were cold, at least a dozen flatscreen TVs kept us up-to-date on CNN freaking out about FourLoko (they just found about it, I guess) and the place is happening during local sporting events.  No matter where you sit, you'll find a screen in your eye-line.  The 'Vous has always made me feel cozily at home in Center City, and I'll stand behind my five-star rating forever.
Finally I am getting around to writing a review for Locust Rendezvous (or 'The Vous' as it is called). This warm and popular pub is directly in the heart of Philadelphia's main theatre and cultural district.  The opera house is practically across the street and the Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts is only one block away as are numerous other theatres. It is awesome that such a friendly and accessible spot exists in the theatre district.  And it's not very expensive either.

I recently met up with two friends here before an orchestra concert.  The meal perfectly hot the spot.  I started with a delicious crock of French onion soup gratinée.  Their well-known grilled Reuben sandwich was my next choice  -  served with waffle fires. Totally tasty. A Brewdog Elvis Juice IPA was the liquid accompaniment.  My friends likes their food as well which included a Caribbean clam chowder and a shrimp tortellini.  A local Yuengling Hershey Chocolate porter beer was also a big hit.

Locust Rendezvous has def found a niche in the theatre district of Center City Philadelphia.  I have no doubt, I will be grabbing some more pre- or post-theatre drinks & grub here in the future.
This neighborhood spot works for any kind of rendezvous, low-key or otherwise.

The Vous is somewhat of a dive, but well-lit, and rather clean. It's innocuous; when I passed it originally, I had thought it was a deli. No lie.

Accommodating staff. Server Mandy got us plenty of drinks, and even inquired about our friend who was taking a bit long in the bathroom - ruh-roh! Turns out she had had too many shots, which is easy to do when we're talking about a $2 cherry vodka shot special.

Their Reuben is pretty reasonable (reasonably-priced, too), and perfect for quelling those hunger pangs.
I'll give you guys the abridged version: We went here on St. Patrick's Day, we accidentally spilled half a beer because someone bumped into our group, and a brown-haired waitress overreacted and verbally abused our party.  Things started to become heated between her and a member of our group.  I calmly stepped in to try to apologize and tell her that as someone who has worked in food service, I understood her frustration.  She then redirected her anger and proceeded to yell at me.  When I asked to speak to her manager, she pointed to the bouncer and we were asked to leave.  

I get that it's difficult to work during such an insane drinking holiday, but I sincerely tried to rectify the situation and I was treated like garbage in return.  That's not how you treat a paying customer who is trying to work with you.  

To summarize, we made an honest mistake and were practically burnt at the stake.  Our apology was not accepted and our request to meet with a person in charge was denied.  Locust Rendezvous has the rudest wait staff you will ever meet and it's probably one of the grossest bars you will find in this city.  Don't waste your time.
The Good:

The Vous has some pretty awesome drink specials. Each week they have a different draft beer for $3, a bottled beer for $2, and a shot for $2. and it's good stuff  too. I was enjoying some Blue Moon drafts in all it's orange filled splendor. The Vous also has a pretty good late night menu. It has the chicken fingers and fries that every late night food serving pub offers. but you can also chow down on some calamari and popcorn shrimp.

The Bad:

There's not too much bad by my book, but I love me some dive bars. and this bar hit that mark. I did get to sample the worst of it's jukebox and I'll get to that later. they also had some pretty horrible Budweiser memorabilia that I wasn't big on. I do think that the only truly bad thing for it though is just the fact that Good Dog and Mcglinchy's are the better dive spots to go to in that area.

The Ugly:

The fact that there was a group of older men serenading the entire bar with old man rock. We're talking the some pretty horrible musical choices sang very out of tune. And it wasn't even a karaoke night! scary. I also got to find out what burnt Smarties smelled like courtesy of Chrissy R.'s randomly creative pyromania .

Overall:

while the ugly moments of the Vous are better left avoided, it does make for a very worthwhile nightly Rendevous.
I don't know, y'all. I know the 'Vous is a staple but I'm just not that into it. I swung by for a quick beverage on a recent Saturday because my guy was there with his friends. There are specials even on Saturday, which is cool, but High Life and the other beer they were featuring on tap just did not appeal. When my girl Aaliyah P arrived, we hung around for one very quick drink and were on our way. 

On a positive note, I do remember good bar food from a previous visit. I wouldn't be opposed to swinging by sometime to check that out again, but it probably wouldn't be my own suggestion.
This bar isn't terrible by any means, but it did nothing to impress me. In my opinion, it was the least eventful spot on our Center City bar crawl.

The layout is sort of interesting--you'd never guess that you'd be able to cram such a large number of people inside such a small space, but it works. 

The waitresses and bartenders are only semi-friendly at best. It takes awhile for them to "notice" you, even after you've made eye contact once or twice. 

The best part of this bar is easily the price. You can get really cheap pitchers, which was great for our birthday crew. The mozzarella sticks I had were also amazing.

The birthday girl left happy, which is probably all that matters, but I don't see too much of a reason to come back here.
$3 Blue Moon, $2 Yuengling Porter. All the time. That should be all you need to know, but I was also pleasantly surprised by their food (the Spanish fries were muy deliciosos, my friend's potato skins were cute but difficult to eat), and really great music being played even without the jukebox.

I am definitely coming back here to load up on affordable beer while actually enjoying the music and surprisingly great service. Great for weeknight drinking.
Pretty extensive food menu for a little dive bar off of Locust.   You may even pass it.  Small little hole in the wall offering a bite and lots of drinks!

The crowd is pretty mixed.  I usually go during a weekday around 7PM and I like it.  It is not tooo crowded but it is busy!

Staff is great and pretty friendly.  I did not expect that at all.  I am used to people ignoring me when I go to a little dive bar.  I think it is cute that they call themselves a cafe.  But then again their menu is not bad at all.  A definite must to get a few drinks and chit chat with your new found friend!!!

Enjoy!
The 'Vous is just fine. It's conveniently located right in Center City, and when you're looking for a cheap drink and some decompression time post-Macy's, it's in the perfect spot. The menu is straight fried foods, so if you're looking for that, it might be decent. The drink specials are good, though they weren't offering anything I was interested in. The Bloody Mary was actually good, if not nearly spicy enough (it never is) but my request for hot sauce was met with a smile and they had Lauganita IPA on tap for the boy. In the late afternoon, the bar seemed mostly filled with neighborhood locals and families, though I bet the crowd gets a little more interesting (read, drunk) at night. It's not the best dive I've ever been to, but it has enough going for it that I'll be back.
Apart from infectious gastroenteritis, the only thing potent enough to garner a 1-star review from me is rude service.

I went here on Saturday night with three other people.  The place was nearly shoulder-to-shoulder, and my group was lucky enough to be walking in right as two people were getting up to leave their table.  At this table, they left two empty glasses which were promptly cleared.  Like rational people, we sat down.  We were approached a few minutes later by a middle-aged, dark haired server who did not take our drink order but instead informed us that we needed to get up from the table because the girls who had previously been sitting there were smoking cigarettes outside and would need to sit back down when they came back in.  

.....?

Again:  Shoulder-to-shoulder, Saturday night.  Last time I checked, you can't "call fives" on an empty table at a packed public venue.

Taken alone, the above is pretty outrageous.  If your bar has ridiculous policies which favor regulars, this implies staggering stupidity.  What do you think this is?  Cheers?  However, this bizarre, self-destructive nonsense is not the reason I'm giving this place 1 star.

You get 1 star because this particular server came to deliver patently shitty news to my group with that very special, Bill Lumbergh brand of annoying which is comprised of:

-  1 part kindergarten teacher
-  1 part teenager who has recently discovered sarcasm
-  3 parts "fuck you"

Your bar sucks.

Take a lesson from the policy at a more successful establishment: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/phils-bbq-san-diego-2?selected=4BgupA24KiWo7Cjg0A0p5g#4enzqK2zA7Pg3a_3CKOzcw
not keen.

i've read random reviews here and there damning the diveyness of B&B's, and stating this joint was a superior drinking hole. not bloody fucking likely, man. not to mention the fact that the staff are generally too fucking busy chatting or on their mobiles to actually serve customers. yeah. i love that in a bar. while i got served relatively quickly, i watched other patrons get ignored for said conversations and such. SUPERB!

it ain't cheap, there are jocks aplenty, and even the hipsters steer clear of the sportiness of it. 

and hey, thanks to the great fellow yelpers who've previously reviewed it, i now know to leave well enough alone when it comes mummer time! hot damn!

dive, my ass.
I'm not super into this place. I came here for the first time a few nights ago with some friends - it was a Thursday around 12, and the place was pretty empty. The waitress ignored us for awhile while she was talking to other patrons. When she finally recognized us and we placed our order, it took her about 10 minutes to get us our drinks, and this was after we tried making eye contact with her a bunch of time. She seemed too busy hanging out behind the bar and drinking her own beer. We finally got our drinks when our friend, a regular who knew the waitress, showed up. This was definitely irritating. It's a bit too jock-ish for me, I don't think I'd ever come here on my own. The kitchen closes at 12, but from what I saw from the menu they serve normal greasy/fried/breaded/cheesy pub food. I didn't notice any peanuts at our table - maybe they were out or something.
I really didn't mind this place.  It reminds me of the bars in my hometown.  Small, divey, fairly cheap pitchers, half-decent selection of finger foods.  I think the specials were $2 Parrot Bay shots and $3 IPA.  An ok place if you are around the area and need a drink or two.  I did enjoy the peanuts at all of the tables.
OK, so I'm not a huge fan of dive bars, but I gotta admit, I'm totally a fan of "the Vous!"  I live nearby, so have come to the Vous often for drinks. Its cozy, inviting, and they take credit cards. A lot of dive bars around here don't.  The craft beer selection is usually pretty decent for a dive bar.  And even though its classified as a dive, its not really that dive-y in here!  Its just a good 'ol pub where you can toss back some brewskies and have a fun time. 

I finally tried the food here, which is why I'm now writing a review after drinking here time and time again.  The food was actually really good! You're not getting gourmet gastropub food here, but let's face it, for a dive bar this food is pretty great. And, huge selections! I had the Italian roast pork grinder, although the actual pork was slightly dry, it was totally juiced up with lots of spinach and a heaping portion of melted provolone cheese. Yum!  My friends ate the chicken parm, which was a massive portion and looked really good.  The quesadillas were also huge, and my friend devoured them.  I also had the loaded waffle fries, "mexican style" was too spicy for me, but the original cheese fries with brown gravy hit the spot!  Holy hell those gravy cheese fries were amazing!

Good times, good people, laid back atmosphere, just an overall chill spot. Woohoo for the Vous!
I really liked the atmosphere of this bar, however, the drinks and specials were just so-so. 

For $1, you can get a "moonshine cherry". Sounds great! I asked the waitress if they were strong. She said they were, so we ordered 4 for the table. They didn't taste like they were even soaked for a second. 

After, we ordered another round of drinks, and fireball shots. The shots were not even HALF shots. My friends beers were pretty small, too. 

Last call was at 1:10. The bar didn't close until 2...I thought that seemed pretty early. 

The ONLY reason this place gets two stars and might get a second chance is because of the atmosphere and juke box. Low key and entertaining, but they need to amp up their game.
I can't believe I recommended this place in another review and never wrote about it here!  I love this place! The Vous is super laid back.  It's a "dive" without being all "look at us we're a dive.  look at my skinny jeans.  I'm so IRONIC" like Bob & Barbara's does.  

Good food, cheap drinks, and a very nice laid back mixed crowd.
I'd be stretched to call it a dive, "The Vous" doesn't have that dim/dingy feel/smell that's prerequisite for dive bar classification.  It's more of a neighborhood bar/Cheers type place which is not an easy find these days in Center City.  Just the right blend of friendliness and attitude, they know how to "keep it real."  

They always have good beer and drink specials.  The food is decent and reasonably priced.  Get the Cheesesteak Soup!
This place is awesome.

Yesterday was my first visit to "The Vous" with fellow Yelpers Susan G. and Gina V. For the neighborhood, the prices are extremely reasonable. Their specials for yesterday were $2 Lion's Head cans, $3 Brooklyn Summer Ales and $2.50 Coconut Water shots. And it wasn't even happy hour!

The inside of the place is really cute, definitely divey but certainly not run down and dirty like most other dives I frequent. The bartender was really nice too. I'm sure this is going to become one of my go-to bars in the area.

They take credit cards, as long as you meet the $10 minimum.
Never actually had fun here but it's OK cause they have changing drink specials every night and all-you-can-eat Peanuts for Free.
I came here with my local friend Erin O. and her friends.  We thought we would dominate Quizzo, but we got schooled.  It was fun anyway, and the food wasn't bad.  Being in here, I felt like I could have been in thousands of other bars in hundreds of other American cities.  That's not necessarily a bad thing, as I was enjoying myself.  And it's also interesting if you lose track of time for a while because you can daydream and wake up and not remember right away where you are.  Or maybe that's just me.
Fairly typical bar in Philly. It was an any-city bar meaning it's the average typical dimly lit bar you can find anywhere with low tempo jukebox music droning on in the background. Nothing stood out to me here but I already walked in, so I decided to stay for a quick drink. The bar was crowded and so was the seating areas, so something must be good here. I guess it was the sad songs playing on the juke box that ultimately scared me away.  Plenty more upbeat spots around.
Back in Philly for a visit and needed some dive bar action between the Septa station and our Air B&B to drown our sorrows over the Eagles. Locust Rendezvous was just the ticket. We grabbed an open table easily, and beers were quick in coming. Well-priced and served by a lovely waitress whose name escapes me but was game for whisky shots with us. High fives all around.
A tourist's dream!  The Rendezvous is good food at an excellent price where you're surrounded by locals who like their sports teams, their (daily) $2 beer specials, and good conversation. 

The place was recommended by my air bnb hosts, who were spot on regarding the laid-back environment, good food, and accommodating staff and Customers. 

The menu sports a good variety of dishes with a healthy dose of "recession specials" for lunch and dinner. I had the half-pound burger and fries ($5), a cup of delicious minestrone soup and a couple of beers (Yuengling a must) all for $13.89. 

It is convenient to the downtown area-- where everything is walkable. Highly recommend for anyone wanting to get off the beaten path, enjoy a good affordable meal while watching Philly sports.  Enjoy!
This dive has all the things you would want in a dive bar, and it doesn't even small bad. Drink specials vary weekly with different $3 beers and $2 shots, its like its always happy hour. Erotic photo hunt, solid wings, and a smart set up of their tables round out the other elements that ensure a good time.
Rotating drink specials, cheese fries, and decently hot chicken wings. These are a few of my favorite things.

Pregame for a performance at the Academy of Music here, but don't forget your ID. I swear they secretly just lift playlists from WXPN, which makes me happier than I care to admit. Service is great, even when you're just ordering water. Even when all you're ordering is water because you need to cool off after bogarting your friend's wings.
I was part of the post Jolly's contigent that invaded "The Vous". After drinking copious amounts of alcohol at the Elite Event, I needed something to soak it all up. I ended up getting a burger and a house salad. The house salad was fairly good, decent amount of vegetables and everything was fresh. The burger was ok, nothing fancy. The fries were decent, but again, nothing fancy.

The beer kept flowing, aided by our gracious server, who handled all six trillion of our orders with aplomb. I also had a Bushmills, and was surprised at how little it cost, being that this is in the heart of Center City. Our server also handled the numerous cards and cash we threw her way. 

The music was good, the company was very good. 

I'd go back to hit this place up for a happy hour or just to hang out at a relaxed place with reasonable prices.
Its a really good hole in the wall. Plenty of seating, really cheap drinks, and seems like a fun place. They even have food too! And they take cards! Shots and beers as cheap as $2
My boyfriend LOVES this place. For the longest time I gave him difficulty when he wanted to go there. I kept saying, "I hate the vous, I don't want to go."

Then I realized a few things.

Cheap drinks- Daily specials, and cheap even when they aren't on special.
Decent food- Its bar food, but its good bar food. The spanish fries are great, waffle fries smothered in onions, jalapenos and cheese.
Good Service- We love Mandy and Megan, and they always take good care of us.

Why did it take me so long to jump on the Locust Rendezvous bandwagon? I'm not sure, but I don't turn down a trip there anymore.
I only have ever gotten the Egg salad sandwich and the cheesesteak here. Both tasted good but diarrhea the next day is too likely. $2 Beer specials are always the best in area. Good beer, like Miller High Life or Rolling Rock, goes on sale all the time, not cheap PBR. Atmosphere is fun for groups. I would not risk their food again. $10 minimum charge is a pain in the ass, too.
I like the specials. I ate here once and will never do that again.
Can never get a seat at the bar for some reason, always overrun with depressed old men.

But if you need a buzz and are nearby, this is the place. Nice and cheap.

Didn't I mention I like things cheap?
If you are looking for a no frills/dive bar, this is definitely the place to go. There are always a ton of drinks to choose from as well as great specials. 

The servers and bartenders have always been super friendly and aren't the type to ignore anyone at the bar. It's a great place for an after-work drink/happy hour, to watch the game, or for last call.

The food is good too-nothing fancy, but delicious (typical bar food for the most part-burgers, sandwiches, apps, etc.)
We took a chance and are really glad we did! A friend and I stayed the night in Philly for another event. We wanted to go get something to eat and drink in a comfortable, not crazy young crowd place..
This place was cool. Kind of reminded us of a CHEERS type bar. (We are old! Lol)
We enjoyed our food, our drinks and most of all our conversation with each other and our server.
Glad we stopped by and hope to stop in again!
It took me too long to walk into the 'Vous.  WIth rotating $2 bottle, $3 draft and $3 shot specials, and a cute waitress who I totally have a crush on, the 'Vous is a sweet little spot right in the middle of Center City.

Since it's always happy hour, it's great for a drink or four before hopping on the subway down to a game, or to close down on a Wednesday night.  Throw in weekly quizzo by Philly's own Johnny Goodtimes, an eclectic set of regulars who never seem to leave their bar stools, and  you've got the makings of a winner
When I met up with one of my friends before a show at the Academy of Music last week, he suggested we hit up the rendezvous while the opening act finished pumping up the audience for Noel Gallagher.  As I turned the corner off of Broad and saw this divey looking place before me, I was apprehensive.  None the less I trusted his judgment and so we entered.  

After I was very intensely carded, we sat down and I immediately was digging the place.  Small and compact, lots of HD tv's, good music and a hip crowd.  I say small and compact but in a good way.  I like places were it feels 'cozy' but you still aren't on top of the people sitting next to you.  There was a nice balance of this here.

We got some drinks and started scanning the surprisingly vast menu.  Lots of things to choose from; wings and burgers to hot and cold sandwiches and dinners.  We opted to start with Cheesesteak Nachos.  When our waitress brought them out, they looked epic.  A pile of ships smothered in steak, peppers and onions which was then doused in wiz.  They were fantastic.  The only other time I've seen anything like this was on Man v Food so to know they exist in Philly was very exciting.  They actually had a little kick to them which added another element to the trouble we got ourselves in with this app.  

My buddy decided to go for the Corned Beef Reuben of which they touted as the best in the city.  It did look good.  I went for Corned Beef on Rye, dry, with a side of mustard.  If I wasn't already half full of nachos I may have been slightly disappointed in the amount of meat on my sandwich but the quality of the meat was good.  It was slightly dry and I like that in my corned beef.  

All in all, I really liked this little "rendezvous" and would certainly stop by again.  Good eats and good atmosphere are key and this placed had both!
I liked the "Vous."  I was headed there for a late happy hour with some friends and we were pleased to find out that they had feature drinks of the week. The week we were there is was $2 Lionshead bottles and $2 Shots of three olives grape. We decided to indulge in both and the waitress was even nice enough to bring over the caps for all the Lionshead's so we could solve the riddles.  We decided to get crazy and try some food and we were all pleasantly surprised at the deliciousness of our order. The veggie grinder was very tasty as well as the grilled chicken breast. While the chicken fingers looked a little ill in color they made up for it in taste. Overall a good place to chill, drink and eat for cheap.
If you're looking for divey, then dive on in! 

This place has all the charm that you'd want from a dive bar, AND awesome food. The bartender Michelle has been working there for over 20 years (even though she doesn't look like it) and she's great. Easy going and attentive (and tried to help us with our quizzo...we suck). 

Food: for the health conscious (yes, we still go to bars) they have grilled buffalo chicken tenders...YES, grilled. They're awesome and give you that buffalo wing fix you need without the guilt. If you're feeling less than diet friendly, they have everything else in the world to accommodate that. From sweet potato fries, waffle fries, wings, jalapeno poppers and even French Toast (they serve breakfast ALL DAY).

The happy hour is all cocktails are doubles for the price of a single. Thank god Michelle will cut that in half to 2 drinks and not just make you chug a drink that's 80% vodka. lol

Definitely head here soon and enjoy a true friendly Philly dive. :)
The vous is almost everything I want in a session bar.  It's clean, but not sterile.  The staff are surly but not hostile.  You'd be better off sticking with beer, but no one is going to kill you or make fun of you for ordering a girl drink.  I was in this past Saturday for my birthday and was really impressed with the new (ish) manager that was on the floor and noticed a few subtle differences since I started going there years ago (I was one of the "industry" people mentioned in another review).  First, I actually felt like the staff were happy to serve me for the first time ever, the manager and waitress were super friendly and the bathrooms were much cleaner than they used to be.  I see no reason to complain about the place.
I get that folks have experienced a mixed bag of times here, from good to bad. I've been lucky enough to only enjoy the former, as every trip to the Vous for MOI has been a solid one. I've got to commend them for tolerating the boozy folks who always seem to stumble in here, in addition to the men and women just rolling up for some cheap tasty dinner. It toes the line for me between feeling divey and feeling not terribly divey, which I'm fully into. Sure, the moonshine cherries might not be too strong, but they're an experience. The beer options have never disappointed, especially with a hint of $3 Abita options every now and then. 

My first experiences eating here were all about the Spanish fries topped with Onions, Jalapeño's and Melted Cheddar Cheese. My very favorite. The other day, we left an event that was a little light on the food and headed straight to the Vous. A single quesadilla was large enough for three of us to get some hearty cheesy goodness in our bellies to continue with the rest of the night out! 

I'll also say that, if you can get a table, they do a great job dealing with a large party. We had a farewell gathering where we brought a set of Cards Against Humanity to play, took an entire corner of the bar with about 15-16 people coming in and out over the course of the night. It might not be the first place I bring a guest from out of town, but I inevitably end up here rather often. And I'm a-okay with that.
This is the epitome of a dive bar, but there is nothing wrong with that. 

The food is OK but their fries, triple or quadruple fried, are magnificent! Came here a few times during the Phillies most recent playoff run, and since we would come a lot they reserved a table for us every single game. Since I've only been here during the game, the service was obviously not the fastest I've experienced, but they did a really good job anyways. 

$3 Beers and  $2 shots specials every week.

They need to make their TVs high def, which is the only they thing they lack, imo.
The vous has it all. Dive bar/ locals only feel, surprisingly amazing food, and a decent beer list.
I originally started coming here post work over 8years ago for a beer, fries and to catch up with friends and last night it felt no different. I had a great time from the minute we walked in and I saw that same rickety excuse for a ramp up to the bathrooms. Nostalgia hit hard and I knew we needed gravy fries asap.
The staff was attentive yet never scrutinized us for our overtly imbibed conversations.
Save time in your life for the vous, you won't regret it!
Dive bar heaven!!!

You can get a miller high life and a shot of rye for $5. You can get what looks like banging french onion soup, a delicious looking reuben, triple or quadruple fried french fries as another reviewer puts it, basically quintessential bar food.

I went with the chicken parm sandwich that came with chips. Sandwich was decent, enjoyed the bread, no major complaints but I would try a different item on the next stop.

Love how they serve maraschino cherries soaked in 100 proof moonshine for $1. I had one and fully endorse you spend the buck for the experience. 

Next bar tour you have you definitely need to come here for a shot if you haven't been before.
Great dive bar in the city! If you're looking for a local neighborhood type of bar ... this place is for you. For a dive bar the food exceeds my expectations - recommending the quesadillas, grilled cheese, monte cristo, and sometimes food specials. Tons of beer options with decent prices. Typical place to easy stroll in and grab a table for a sports game as well.
I should definitely come back to make a solid judgment call on this place, but the first time I came I had a good time. 4 mystery shots (was it just pinnacle vodka?!), 2 cherry bombs, and a basket of fries. And in that order, it went from bad to good. I wish they had changed up the mystery shots, maybe added something to make it taste better like Dirty Frank's does. The cherry bombs were fine, nothing special, and $1 isn't a bad price. Fries were standard. 

I did like the energy of the place, everyone having a good time and doing their own thing. Had an electronic jukebox too.
What's the deal guys???? It's a bar, an OK center city bar. It doesn't try to be anything more or less than that. A great place to come to after work and slam some drinks back. The last time I was in it was full of service industry people trying to get over their own shitty evenings. I got bought 2 shots by complete strangers and got properly drunk. 

Meanwhile, the daytime bartender Michelle is a legend in this city! She knows just about everyone and is a sweetheart!
Two Fridays ago as the 5 inch rainstorm was just getting going, I set out to meet the better 10% of the DA's Office's young attorney force for a happy hour that by inertia escalated to four, sodden hours in this 'is what it is' kind of place. No pretense, just boozing, bar food and bad decisions.

Pros
-Discount Pricing - you come here cause city work don't pay and $2 runs long at Rendezvous. There seemed to be a rotating beer all-night draft beer special as well as some kind of bad, hooch du jour. Two Fridyays past, this was bubble-gum flavored vodka served up in clear-plastic shot glasses like the Dentist uses for your fluoride rinse. The liquid consumed in either scenario would be about equally delicious, but you haven't had a hangover until you've had a bubble-gum vodka hangover. It's as if going to the circus made your head assplode. 
-Service - our waitress was an old pro, very good at watering plants, among other things.

Cons
-Oooof.
i love the vous.

i have such shame in my heart for having waited so long to venture in here. i've lived close to it for years and only recently cruised in after it became clear that the beer specials at fox & hound were not worth the headache of sitting between clumps of drunk uarts 21yrolds and clumps of drunk horny black dudes.

best decision i ever made! love jace the bartender. love the doorman on the weekends, too drunk to remember his name. that minderaser fucked.me.upp.
Great "dive" bar. Weekly  specials  include craft beer pints for $3, cans or bottles-$2  + shots for $2. Can't beat that. Also have a limited but decent tap list. The afternoon bartender/ manager Michelle is very friendly & accommodating.
Always enjoy coming here for an  early after work start to Happy Hour as the weekly specials are good anytime.
Have yet to try the food; but it looks and smells good! Discount specials for that as well.
This is definitely as described - a dive. 

No staff members acknowledged us within our first ten minutes (and it wasn't especially busy), so we ended up making our way to the bar to ask for food menus and order a round of drinks. We were then informed that our drinks would be bought over by our server along with the menu. Thankfully this happened pretty quickly, however sadly the rest of the service was rather slow. 

I ordered the phili cheese steak sandwich and my friend who wasn't particularly hungry decided to try the pizza fries. Food took around half an hour to be bought across to us which we thought was rather a long wait considering there were less than six occupied tables in the bar at the time,  only two other tables of which had ordered food. 

My steak was rather bland, so much so that I had to add salt and pepper myself in order to provide any sort of seasoning. My friends pizza fries were just waffle fries smothered in tomato paste with melted cheese on the top - nothing spectacular or flavoursome either. 

There is a juke box within the bar and the music playing was a good selection - sadly this was the highlight of the night for me.

Overall a dark and dingy bar which serves average food.
this place is a piece of shit.  the only good thing it has going on is that it would be the perfect place to "stand someone up"  , they would REALLY have to deserve it though
One of the most understated, yet amazing bars in the city.  This place is a tiny little unassuming hole in the wall off of Locust Street.  Walk in, and there's a big, long bar, lots of high tops, big tables in the front and the back... a really smart use of not a lot of space... yet come with a big party... and you'll always fit comfortably... somehow.  Its sort of amazing actually.

This bar has tons of specials, and a 'surprise shot' because who dosen't love surprises.  My last surprise was grape vodka... so i've opted never to do that again... but they also have a pretty comprehensive draught list, and lots of bottles to chose from... no surprises there.  

Say you start drinking and you get hungry- their menu has some trusty high quality bar food that doesn't skimp on cheese or quantity.  It likely won't break your bank either.

And a mega touch with photo hunt... always a win while drinking cheap bear!  Love this spot!
A step-up from your typical dive bar, Locust Rendezvous gives you that divey feel complimented with a robust drink/food menu. 

A "dive bar" so close to Rittenhouse should always make one skeptical, so I was pleasantly surprised to find a real neighborhood atmosphere walking into the strangely named Locust Rendezvous (or The Vous as people insist). Walking inside it looks small, but with lots of seating along the sides and a fairly large seating area in the back, odds are you'll find a seat somewhere. Lots of TVs line the sides of the bar and the service is...well the wait staff goes at its own pace but is never rude, adding to that local watering whole feel that other bars try to emulate. 

The drink specials here are oh so, so cheap - the rotating beer of the week is $2.25-$3.25 a glass, it's totally worth coming buy here for that alone (when I went it was a craft seasonal pumpkin beer). The food is pretty solid too - I ordered the Jalapeno Poppers ($6.95) and Cheese Steak Nachos ($8.95). The poppers were the star, perfect deep fried goodness. The nachos were a bit disappointing - just meat and cheese (I don't know what I was expecting), the chips were those cheap ones you get at sports stadiums and the cheese was meh. 

Overall, I have to admit I enjoyed my experience at The Vous, and if I;m in the area again I'd be inclined to come back. If you're looking for a neighborhood bar and cheap beer, you'll have a good time here.
Super fun dive bar, I never leave this place disappointed. The music is controlled by a juke box, so obviously can be quite hit or miss depending on who is making the requests haha. It can get packed, but I have almost always been able to get a table. 
They have great cheap beer deals, as expected for a dive bar, but they also have some good quality beers for great prices too which is awesome. 
Food options are typical bar food, but it's worth it. I love the Spanish fries which is a basket of fries topped w melted cheese, onions, and jalapeños. Great for sharing :) Also, their french onion soup is really one of the best I have had in the city and their garlic wing sauce is delicious - though maybe not an ideal date food if you're concerned about how you'll smell after.
Our go-to bar when Philly is rallying. Love this joint. The vous. A little disappointed that the jalapeño poppers were taken off the menu but the onion soup and buffalo chicken tenders are yum-may.
If you love a small bar with good food in the big city, this is the place.  I love the grilled chicken tenders and the chicken parmesan sandwhich.  The beer selection is also good.  

On the weekends and happy hour get here early. It gets packed.  The amount of tvs for such a small place is also tremendous.
This place is pretty great. It has a feel like neighborhood bar in a small town, but it is located right in Center City. I have only been a couple times, and have never had a bad experience.

I ate dinner here the other night and it was tasty deliciousness. I had a Reuben sandwich and it was fantastic. Perfect amount of 'kraut and Russian dressing. I would have liked it better if there was more corned beef, but that's ok. It came with fries and they were awesome: batter dipped waffle fries (it was like a checkers fry and a chik-fil-a fry had a lovechild-fry in the 'Vous kitchen). 

Coupled with a weekly drink special (always a $2 beer, a $3 dollar beer and a $3 shot of liquor) and you have yourself a fun little spot just steps from the subway stop at Walnut-Locust. Also, it's one of the earliest Quizzo's in the city on Wednesdays, if you're into that sort of thing...
The 'Vous was somewhat seedy: old furnishings, dimly lit, tight space, but was fairly crowded on a Friday afternoon, and I soon found out why. Friendly prompt service, decent beers on tap that kept coming (at least until they run out), and diner-type food. What could be bad about that? Nothing... save for the gaggle of middle aged men that hogged the jukebox with the likes of "Is She Really Going Out With Him?", "Jessie's Girl" and other weird 80's music that you wouldn't think grown men would be belting out loud in a public place. They were pretty obnoxious, and you could tell that this was their regular Friday night (we wondered where their wives were...), but we suffered through it until we were done our dinners. Burger for me, Reuben and sausages (or some variation of them) for my friends. Cheap too considering we had 3 dinners and probably about 10-15 drinks. I definitely recommend checking it out, just make sure to sit far away from that jukebox...
I really like this place. Is it the nicest bar around? By no means. But the waffle fries and wings are awesome, the employees are attentive and nice, and the specials rock. I've been here a few times, and on my most recent visit the $3 special draft was Hefeweizen. Yum. 3 beers each later, plus sharing some waffle friends, and the total was about $20. That ROCKS.

Summary: order the wings. the fries are good too. get the draft or other special. have a good time and leave surprised with how little you spent.
can i give 3 and a half stars? a good bar with really good bar food. They're really accommodating to big groups and they're always playing the big soccer games that are on during the season. that's a plus.
Love this place. It's a chill Center City pub that's a good place to meet up with friends to grab some cheap drinks, and the staff is always super friendly.
The beers are always freezing cold, and their pitchers are inexpensive (usually $7-8 after 8PM), and you have options of beer other than PBR.
And their fried mushrooms appetizer is amazing.
I was in Philly for a baseball game and stopped by this place.  It has great beer specials and mystery shots for 2 dollars.  Food was so so but, the crowd was pretty chill.
A divey sportsbar
Decently priced drinks and tons
Of televisions
I can't think of a better spot to grab a pitcher of beer with friends.  Even on the most crowded nights, there always seems to be a table free and the service is great!

The Vous is a great alternative to many of the irish pubs in the area because you can usually have a conversation, even with the jukebox blaring. 

Also a decent spot to watch sports, especially the Phils.
Not the standard definition of a dive. it's too bright. and maybe a little bit too sport-y. 2 and 3 dollar beers, though. you can't go wrong with that. a bill that comes to $20 after hours of drinking? good for the wallet. maybe not the liver. but i heard that if you give your alcoholic organ 6 weeks off it's basically brand new. so mark the Vous on your calander every few months and things will work out fine. 

The location is kinda hidden. It's right near Good Dog, McGlinchey's, etc. but I never even realized.
I love this place!  Great beer and shot specials everyday of the week, friendly bartenders and waitstaff plus good cheap food for late night.  The Vous has a big industry crowd every night and I see why.  They have a no-nonsense straight up hospitality attitude towards everyone that walks through the door.  Michelle is awesome during the day as well!  If you are in the hood check this place out.  Its a dive like no other.
There's nothing not to like about the Vous. After many a lunch break spent here working downtown, I can testify the the food is pretty damn good and is typically out within 15 minutes.

Their rotating $6 burger specials offer some pretty tasty choices (patty melt, chili cheeseburger, your standard bacon cheeseburger, all just great), they have some other gems on the menu such as their chili nachos and chili cheese fries--yes, I do enjoy chili--and there are also plenty of choices for people who weigh less than 240lbs.

As many have mentioned the drinks come cheap as long as you're not too picky. Drink specials include $3 shot o'the day and the featured $2 beer, which you won't find too much in Center City. I do not condone drinking on lunch breaks (also, stay in school, eat your vitamins and show up to work 5 mintues early, brother)...but if you're gonna do it, this is a perfectly good place to do so at.

I've even wandered in here during my free time on a few occasions. It's a good spot to kill a few hours and beers and get some above-average eats while doing it. If you're in the area and want a cold one, want to quasi-pregame before another event on the cheap, or just want to lubricate the rest of your workday, you can't go wrong with the Locust Rendezvous.
I used to love this place.  Great food.  Great drink specials.  But tonight we had an obnoxiously rude waitress who was clearly wrong but chose not to apologize, acknowledge her mistake or take HER mistake off the bill.  The manager apologized for her, gifted food but the damage was done.  I don't throw the term around without real proof, but she appeared to be racist.  For that reason, despite their delicious food and great drink specials, I will NEVER return to this spot.  Ever.  Who knows, they probably would prefer that.
I love pubs and this one didn't disappoint. I came in on a Sunday afternoon to have a few drinks. Our waitress was super nice and friendly.
The drinks are cheap and I even try Tullamore Drew Whiskey which I really enjoyed.
I ordered the corned beef with cabbage and it was delicious. They make their own corned beef which showed, it was tender and juicy.
This is a great spot in Philly.
Please for the love of all that is good and holy, put fried chicken on the menu permanently! To make room for it, you can get rid of something that nobody wants like salads!
One of the best bars in the city!!! Everyday there's a specials on shots, beers, and drinks. YOU CAN'T BEAT IT. The people that work their are great. Steph our waitress is always on top of things. Even the food is cheap and tasty. Can't wait to go back.
Met a friend here for a pregame beer or 2 before we hopped on the Broad Street Line to CBP.  It was a good choice for their cheap drinks and chill aptmosphere.

The Vous is usually at the end of a drunken night, but perhaps their wallet friendly offerings will have me start the nights there instead.
Always a good time.  Really a pretty nice place for a "dive bar."  You never know what kind of beer will be on special.  They sell Smirnoff Ice!
Patty melt. $2 beer. Wings. Good until 1:00a. Sports. Dark. Play the juke box from your phone. Center city. Six packs to go. What else do you want to know?
Last weekend, my brother and I were caught downtown in that oft pesky window of time between dinner out and "out" out. Let me just say, the intersection around Chestnut and Broad is pretty much no man's land if you're searching for a laid-back (read: sans bouncer) bar in which to kill time and chat over a beer. Luckily, we stumbled across this little place, which seemed to fit the bill nicely and had an open table calling our name. We weren't disappointed either; never has a bar been so perfectly underwhelming, and I don't say this at all as a bad thing! It's a dive bar, except clean - even the bathrooms - and with a really mellowed out clientele for ten o'clock on a Saturday night. There's a soft, soulful grunginess about the Rendezvous that I enjoyed; it's like a slice of the Midwest (or how I picture the Midwest to be) in downtown Philly.

There are good deals on drinks (two beer specials and a $2 shot all night, presumably every night) and the service was unobjectionable: attentive and to the point. I was impressed when I ordered a Corona ($4) and was asked if I'd like it with or without lime. Maybe I have low expectations but I thought it was a classy touch! Just beware if they check your ID... Our server snatched ours up and left without a word to have them processed by the CIA or something, though to her credit she did come back with them. Also, the jukebox is constantly being put to work, so the music is like listening to someone's iPod on shuffle. Want to hear AC/DC and Kelly Clarkson back-to-back? Done. 

I must say, discovering this backwoods gem was a pleasant surprise, especially since the course of my nights is usually more premeditated thanks to yelp :)
This is the most dive spot in center city.  That being said, it's not really much of a dive.  I like this place though.  It doesn't do anything amazing.  But everything is still solid.

Decent prices.  They serve pitchers.  The beer selection is not bad.  There are some really good lunch specials.  Wings are pretty good. 

Nothing amazing here, but sometimes you're looking for that middle of the road, but still good spot.  Locust Rendezvous is it.  I bet this is a good place to watch some Phils or Flyers.
I haven't been there in 14 years and I must say, it is still as good as ever. I live in Houston now but would go there all of the time when I lived in Atco, NJ. Great food and awesome happy hour.
Bartender, Michelle doesn't age a bit in looks and personality. She is fast, attentive and efficient.
Hope my next visit is sooner than 14 years.
My boyfriend and I had our first meet-and-greet here (because we met on the internet, and I am clearly not too proud to publically admit it), so I am biased in favor of "the vous." That is, until he cold-heartedly leaves me for a younger, prettier girl, in which case I will then cry and kick sidewalk dust towards the front door in disgust and despair.

But let's not be cynical. The Rendevous has awesome drink specials, a dive-y neighborhood-y feel, and decent food. Service is just fine. What's not to like?
Besides being somewhat of the neighborhood's "Cheers" pub, and the #1 go-to post-shift watering hole for probably half of Center City's restaurant and industry staff, this gem has been consistently satisfying the palates of many hungry meal-seekers for 26 years.  

With a friendly staff, large and diverse menu, all-day breakfasts, and some of the best cheesesteaks, patty melts and waffle fries in the city, they deliver nothing but the best every time.

In regards to the drinks- full bar, rotating drafts, and an extensive bottled beer menu are meticulously managed to intrigue even the most demanding of craft beer enthusiasts. Many seasonal drafts, or local/specialty beers are offered as weekly specials. Pitchers can also be a great way for a group of friends to catch up in one of the booths or back tables.

In terms of the menu and their kitchen- I've been asked before what's good by several people.  Pretty much everything is really, really good.  It's fresh, cooked to order, large portion plates deliver a great value for the money and never disappoint.  The quality and consistency of the food here has led many to become regulars, reassured by the fact that their feet and stomachs have led them someplace special in the neighborhood.

Soups are made fresh daily, sandwiches and appetizers are delicious, and you can't go wrong with an omelette or breakfast plate any time of day here.  

If you're in the city visiting, or just in this part of town, make it a point to stop by the vous- you won't be sorry.
The Vous is an amazing hidden gem we found while walking in Philly. Drinks were reasonably priced and the apps plus entrees were excellent. Fun atmosphere whether you're at the bar or at a table. Definitely check this place out if you're near the convention center!
semi-divey corner bar in downtown area.  
Just what you want sometimes.  

Not a real dive though, along the lines of B & B's, Frank's or McGlincheys, or even Oscar's.
The 'vous is a divey dive at its best.   Last time I was in here, we drank multiple pitchers while watching Deal or No Deal with the locals.  

Really crazy place during Mummers.   People come in to refill their Sprite bottles with beer.
3.5 Stars. Let me start by saying that Chadd B.'s recent review, in which he referred to Locust Rendezvous as "a great place to grab a quick bite to eat or a few drinks before heading to your ultimate destination" is absolutely spot on. Since I had a little time to kill prior to heading down to S. Philly, this was exactly my plan. Good choice.

The menu isn't huge and the beer selections are few, but there are just enough to get the job done. Every restaurant and bar under the sun claims to have the "best" something or other and LR's claim is the Reuben sandwich. That sounded good, so I gave it a go. I'm not going to come out and say it was the best ever, but I will say it was damn good and I enjoyed every bite of the delicious sandwich.

I really can't comment on much else here because the 78 year-old woman sitting right beside me wanted to chat the entire time I was there. She was sweet, so I gave her my undivided attention until I finished my lunch and headed for the train.
I really hate saying anything negative about one of my favorite places in Philly but tonight's experience really was awful.

My friends and I are regulars here because we like the staff, the proximity to where we live/work, and the fact it's such an unpretentious spot in Center City. We try to come here every Wednesday for quizzo/trivia and tonight was no exception. Besides the fact our team sucked tonight we had a great time per usual...well, until it was time when we tried to leave. 

We got the check and because a couple people had cash at the table they decided to put down $65 combined and we would split the rest of the tab on to credit cards. When it came time to sign we realized each card was charged too much and asked our waitress what had happened. She informed us she had only counted $15 and that our table was the only table she received cash so there must be no way she miscounted it. We've had this particular waitress a few times and she knows us well and to this moment of writing I do not think she took the money but we know SOMEONE did. 

We then ended up sitting at the table for what felt like eternity (~30 min if not longer) to wait for updates, at some point informed that a "manager was remotely watching the videos" to find out what had occurred.

Ultimately we were essentially notified that since they couldn't find evidence someone took the mysteriously disappeared $50 cash they couldn't do anything about it. We were so tired of waiting we ended up just paying and left.

It felt sad and disappointing at the same time. I would have never expected one of our favorites spots could leave us with a sour taste in our mouth after what was supposed to be another relaxing night of quizzo. And I thought LR completely mishandled the situation. 

We likely will still come back but unfortunately it'll never feel the same again.
worst bar in philadelphia. the staff never gets to you (i've waited a half hour for ONE beer in the middle of the afternoon), and if you're coming in with people under 21 you can forget about drinking. apparently whoever makes the rules got it into their head that people under 21 couldn't be at the same table as people of age if anyone was to be drinking. their food is sub-par at best, and their beer list is like a "who's who" of mass-produced american piss-water.

broke? go to Oscar's. want good beer? go to Monk's. if it's tuesday just go to Fox & Hound. the vous is for lame college kids and sports-bar douchebags.
Got smashed here on spring break 010

4 Beers + 2 Shots = 12.00!!!!!
Came here after a long search for good wings in center city after Doc Watson's closed down.  This place has very good Garlic Wings (not too dry and they add REAL garlic chunks).

In addition, they always have cheap $3 draft specials all night.

Staff was nice and accomodating.  They were able to change the tv near our table to something we wanted to watch.

Easy to miss since it is tucked between the Kimmel Center and Estia on Locust St.
The variety of waffle fries is superb; I highly recommend the gravy fries with turkey gravy! All of the food items I've tried here have been great, and the staff is super friendly.

As an additional note--you would think the bathrooms would be at least a little grody since this is a dive bar, but they're quite clean.
I'm giving you five stars, Rendezvous, because you always make me happy and I always have fun at you. I've been lucky enough to have interesting chats with people here, but I have a bad/good habit of talking to strangers. Oh please oh please oh please bring back the Leinenkugel Sunset Wheat. Ah well, I won't complain. I'm glad there's a place which won't break the bank where I can enjoy great food and drink with a bunch of friends, still hear ourselves speaking, and - if we're lucky - get a great view of gals falling down the stairs of the sushi place across the street. Stilettos have their time and place, ladies.
Firstly, Mummers scare me.  I hope I'm never at the Rendevous with a bunch of Mummers refilling their sprite containers.  That said, the  Rendevous is good for some things.  A shoddy dive bar with cheap beer sold really cheaply, it's a place to go with a bunch of people when you're really low on cash.  They do $2 pints of Lager, which normally is not my thing but sometimes...sometimes.  The best thing about the Rendezvous and places like it is the cheap whiskey.  Particularly when they do great whiskey/beer specials and I can just slide my beer over to someone else.
This is a perfect little laid back bar that somehow manages to be divey AND clean AND have really good food.  I really wasn't expecting the food from this place.  I got buffalo chicken tenders whereas my friends got the grilled buffalo chicken tenders, which is an awesome healthy alternative to the fried friedness that I got.  On another visit, a friend got the turkey club sandwich and it was stuffed with turkey!  Their prices on drinks are nice and cheap too, around $4 for a glass of wine. 

The only thing I have to say is don't go there on Quizzo night unless you're dying to play Quizzo.  It's overly crowded and hard to hear the announcer.  The one nice thing though was that because we sucked, the super nice bartender helped give us answers.  She must have felt bad for us.  (We came in dead last that night)
Man, I've lived in Philly for five years and didn't know this place existed-it's a pretty stellar dive sports bar for the area. We went to watch the NLS MLB playoffs this past weekend because we don't get the MLB channel, and happened upon the place because it showed up as a sports bar in center city where we were going out to a late dinner. 

It's right across from the Kimmel Center, and the waitress told us the crowded bar that greeted us that they get a hefty crowd before and after shows (note to patrons: it's hella crowded on Saturdays before 8pm). The prices can't be beat-$2.25 bud light cans, $3.25 Miller lite pounders, a few other specials (like a $1 cherry bomb, which you can go in and try but I won't join you), at least a half dozen TVs showing different sports, and friendly staff. We ended up trying an order of angry cheese balls because we got hungry, and at $5 for several essentially tasty small mozzarella sticks made with cheddar jack cheese, it was a great deal. 

Definitely will be back for other late night sporting events!
The Vous, a center city Philly gem. I hope this reviews brings you more patrons but not too many more because id prefer if the low key appeal stays the same. $3 victory hop devils, $3 sams, $2.50 miller high life's and all other random drink specials throughout the week. 

This place isn't a culinary masterpiece but they make spot on bar food. Great wings, tuna club, buffalo chicken salad, and French onion soup. 

Cheap drinks and food done right.
I should first start by saying that pubs aren't really my scene, but once I'm there, I can dig it. My coworkers and I went for lunch on a Friday and found ourselves surrounded by your typical pub crowd. I ordered waffle fries (with whiz) and chicken fingers. I was served three chicken breasts, which was enough for 3 meals, so a good bang for your buck, I guess. Despite finding a hair in my fries immediately upon being served my meal and then finding another hair in my chicken shortly after, the food was better than I expected it to be. The fries were good all by themselves and really didn't even need whiz. The mix of music was great here. I think there was a jukebox? The lighting was dim, but our waitress was sweet. Despite the food being good, this is definitely a place to grab drinks and chill and not really a lunch spot, in my opinion.
Cheap beer and shots for their weekly specials. It was really packed, but I liked the atmosphere of the bar. I mean, beers and shots for $2 each? Gotta love it, reminds me of the cheap prices from my college days.

The waitress was also really nice and accomodating and came back frequently to see if we needed anything else. This would also probably be a nice place to hit up and drink before checking out the clubs/lounges in the city with way more pricier drinks. I definitely plan on coming back to this place.
This place is awesome. It has no idea what it wants to be, which is kind of what makes it great. There's dance music, sports team banners, and video games, so it pretty much can appeal to whatever mood you're in. Food is standard bar food but very tasty, and service is great - we were never out of beer. Plus, for less than $40, we got chx fingers, 4 Yards, and a pitcher of Yards. Bonus: sometimes they have Abita (!) on tap. Can't go wrong here.

Oh, and it's clean.
This is the kind of place that can either by depressing or awesome - I think it would mostly depend on your mood/state of mind. I found myself totally digging the chill, dark and bare-bones bar feel of it. Plus, our hot server was really attentive, funny and totally engaging, which really helps when you're surrounded by sad, frown-faced old dudes with scotch on the rocks.
Great dive bar. We stopped in here after last Saturday's Phillies game. There's always a happy hour going on, which means some bottled beers are $2 or $3. Typical bar food. I opted for the nachos which were run-of-the mill. The fries looked great, should have ordered that instead. 

There's a lot of tv's in the place, so you're sure to be able to catch a game you want to see!
One of my favorite dive bars! Great food, cheap drinks, great location, and a friendly staff!
I was in for an early dinner and quizzo Wednesday. Our server Christine was great and we ordered two apps that were yummy as usual. We missed Mandy our favourite server! But we will be back when I come into town. Always great food and service.
came here with friends for a short Sat Happy Hour

perfect place to sit and have cheap beers and bar snacks

our waitress was VERY nice always close by to see if we needed anything

good selection of beer on tap. lots of specials 

had the wings and nachos; wings were just ok but those nachos were excellent with the chili and all the toppings (prices were cheap too!!)

we watched some NCAA football on one of their many screens; place being smallish, u can get a good view all together)

liked the juke box

probably not a place i would go to late nights (young crowd??) but to grab cheap beer and food... it's worth the stop
