Happy Hour experience: Sat outside on a gorgeous day people watching and noshing on what is dubbed one of "the best foodie streets in America". I must agree. 

While tables were filled all around, there was one at Lolita under the lights strands calling our name. Easy!

Kiddos enjoys $7 nachos with chihuahua cheese, black beans, mixed mushrooms, and avocado crema, and then a simple cheese and black bean quesadilla the kitchen made especially for them (it wasn't on the menu, just ask!). 

Hubs and I enjoyed $6 super delish blood orange margs on the rocks with salt.

 I also indulged in smoked carrot tacos from
the main dinner menu for $12, which were insanely tasty!!  Small, but super smoky flavor and topped with pickled red onion. Yum! These can be made vegan, just ask for them sans crema! 

Not sure why Lolita with its sexy, dark vibes inside, and lovely outdoor seating has fallen through the cracks of our places to hit up over the years, but so glad we (finally) tried it, and definitely will again! It was actually a solid inexpensive option with the kiddos, but I can imagine a great date night spot too! I'll keep that in mind. 

Happy Hour was very enjoyable.
Our waitress was efficient and kind. 
Kiosk meter parking was surprisingly easy and a stop by Lou Lou boutique across the street afterwards was an added bonus!
I finally got taken to Lolita after the upgrade (i had never been before) by my wife and we had an awesome meal.

I don't think the she knew it when she made the reservation but there was a special running that night cochinita pibil (mexican slow roasted pork dish).  With that said, it seemed that the staff and the menu was really in tune with people with allergies/dietary restrictions.  The menu also contained a number of options for vegetarians as well as omnivores.

For our meal, the pork came with pork belly fried rice, black beans and a slaw.  The standout was the pork because it was really tender but had a nice crust on the outside.  The sauce on the pork (maybe made with achiote) was just perfect because while the meat had a good fat content, the sauce had a sour aspect which balanced it perfectly.  The black beans seemed like they had been cooked for a few hours (maybe with some bay leaf) and were creamy but still held together.  The rice was a bit of a letdown but didn't spoil the meal at all.  We took home leftovers for a very reasonable price.

Our server and her trainee were extremely sweet and helpful at answering our questions and accommodating my wife's allergies.  Any place that treats its customers with that kind of respect gets the nod in my book.
I'm definitely a fan of Lolita's new look and the switch from BYO to boozy. I love a good margarita and the bartenders there serve them up every which way - salty, spicy, skinny, sweet - the choice is yours. 

Every Mexican meal should start with some guac. I'll probably skip the charred shishito for the traditional on my next visit; I wasn't really picking up much pepper and the peas weren't doing it for me. I think I'm just a traditionalist when it comes to the green stuff. The tuna tostaditas are a total win; I was far more into those than the citrus marinated shrimp and scallops. 

The cholula fried chicken tacos are fun but I think the carnitas tacos have the edge. Do not miss the fried plantains. Trust me on this one. They are fantastic! 

When it comes to Mexican food, I definitely prefer the savory over the sweet. On our visit there was absolutely no room to even consider dessert. 

Rumor has it late night happy hour is a go. It won't be long before the tequila calls me back.
The food and drinks do all the talking at Lolita's and man are they smooth. 
Lolita's wine and dined me, or should I say martini/margarita boozed me and dined me right into euphoria. 

We were strolling around in the rain looking for food, decided on this block as it seemed to have a few options, hopping between rain drops and doorstops, checking each menu quick, we finally put our name down at Lolita; we soon realized there was a small bar-top type seating area in the back that stares into the kitchen which in and of itself is always sort of sexy in some primal kind of way.
There looked to be a couple leaving so we immediately squeezed through this intimately packed restaurant.  

You could feel the energy in this place, super vibrant, could only dream the food would translate those same feelings through the palate. Man did it!
We ordered a few drinks, we tried at least four special cocktails and they were all perfect. 

Just the two of us but we ate for three or four as is tradition when in a new town... Okay or even around the ol' hood.

Dish after dish after side after starter, we could not put our forks down! Only once when the girls next to me wanted their pictures taken did I take a moment away from my date and my plates...  I'm sure they weren't the awful people I felt they were, taking me away from this heavenly meal.. (No I actually spoke to them, they were sweet and took our picture as well)
Back to the food.

What truly stands out, believe me on this one, is actually of all things, the sweet plantains- yeah- you've had sweet plantains a million times right? Wrong!! You haven't had them quite as good as this! These were soft and warm, but with this super nice caramelization, a salty Mexican feta like queso, a drizzle of this sweet sour cream... The melt in your mouth, heavenly flavors, in one little side.. You will want more!

I almost don't remember anything else I ordered even though it was all so damn good.

We got tacos, we got drinks, we got apps, I'll post the pics as I do but you need to check this place out ASAP.

The cucumber jalapeño margarita was awesome, the pear something or other was good too! 

The shrimp tacos were fantastic, a nice kick to them.  
Mexican corn, platanos, guac - all really really good.

I highly suggest it but be ready for a bit of an elevated noise level.  Enjoy!
I came here this past weekend with my friend for dinner and the experience was great. We decided to sit outside since it was pretty warm out so I can't comment on the accommodations inside, but the decor looked pretty nice. To start we ordered the mixed chips (corn, plantain and malanga) with two salsas (the tomatillo was awesome) along with a pitcher of their house made margaritas, which were great - not too strong, not too weak. For our meals my friend ordered the seared shrimp tacos and I ordered the cholula fried chicken tacos and both dishes were delicious. Our waitress was friendly and made sure we had everything we needed. Great spot for dinner and drinks.
Even though I'm a big fan of most of 13th street restaurants, I still don't see what's special about Lolita. My first visit was 5 years ago, and my second one was last month as pre-play dinner. 

Obviously, it was a mexican fusion, and that didn't please my taste, personally.
My friend and I shared some dishes. 
- Mango guacamole: was just ordinary and nothing notable. 
- Smoked Beef Tartare Tostaditas: were okaish.
- Cholula fried chicken tacos: were my least favorite.
- Cafe flan: we ordered one for each of us. And my salted almond toffee crush, turned to be a crash. 

Even the great service and the warm atmosphere, still it wasn't charming enough to invite me for a third visit.

Three yelp.
You know it's good when you have no hesitations to hit that 5 star! This restaurant came highly recommended from another Yelper, like a must-do in Philly! I enjoyed my birthday dinner here and seriously didn't wanna leave when it was over. 
I arrived at around 8:30 on a Saturday night. You would think by then the dinner rush would be over but this place was still packed when we arrived. Luckily we were able to grab three seats at the bar, which was perfect because there was a view of the chefs and all the action!
Our bartender/waitress Erin was amazing!! She took care of us the whole time and gave us a perfect recommendation of a place to grab drinks after our dinner. 
We started out with a margarita pitcher which definitely was the perfect margarita. Everything about this place is just perfect. It was just the right amount of tequila and salt around the rim. Our food came out quick and nice and warm. I ordered the enchiladas and I was amazingly satisfied. The presentation of the dish was beautiful. The beans were so good and the shrimp skewer on top had the juiciest shrimp. 
This place is just overall great. The vibe is so urban and trendy. You don't wanna miss this one if you're visiting Philly. It won't disappoint!
My friend and I decided to get a bite to eat around 1030 tonight. We were recommended to visit Lolita by our team since we are in town for the auto show. I was super excited because one of the perks of my job is to travel and try great food!

I want to first shoutout the bartender, Erin, for her excellent customer service! She was attentive and super friendly. One of the best servers we have encountered in Philly.

I also enjoyed how quick the service was. We sat by the bar and was in and out within 45 minutes.

My only concern was the kitchen prep team behind the bar. I sat and watched the entire team prep my meal and THEY DO NOT WEAR GLOVES!  The blond girl with the arm sleeve and the bigger guy with the tattoo and beard didn't  wash their hands ONCE in the 45 minutes that I was there. We asked for extra plantain chips, and the guy went in and grab them with his bare hands and put them on the plate. The glove box was right next to him! 

What really bothered me the most was how they just kept touching ALL of the equipment, dirty rags, cleaning their area and going back to prepping food when an order came in.  I understand they want to do their side work to leave but why not just take a second to wash  hands before going back to food prep. I think the girl with the glasses was the closing manager and I didn't see her commenting to the chefs concerning their hygiene with food handling. 

I really hope that management becomes aware of the safety of the food and handling with their kitchen staff. I will not be coming back to this restaurant. It's a shame because the environment was cool, and so was our bartender, but I'm really not looking towards eating somewhere with poor food handling.
Was able to snag a dinner rezzie (I say snag cause for a Tuesday night, it was pretty difficult to get a normal dinner time) and was excited come here with the new (I guess not so new anymore) menu. 

We started with the guac cause obvi. It was def more than enough for two people. I was so full off that. The guac was really good I thought. 

Then I got the cauliflower tacos (3). Side note: the old menu used to have a ton of tofu entrees or availability to sub stuff for tofu, but this menu didn't. There were 2-3 vegan/vegetarian options.I t's a small menu, so I guess that's good enough. The tacos were really good and uniquely flavored. I threw up in some of the salsa/gauc in there and it was good! 

Main reason for the -1 star is the watermelon margs we got. I was supperr excited mainly to try the drinks. We got a pitcher of it and it wasn't anything amaze for $36 and not strong at all. After chugging half the pitcher (not actually) I was buzzed. The watermelon and ice in the drink was really hard to drink to. Like you had to use your teeth as a strainer...do yall know what I'm talking about?? But ya at the end, I wanted to use the napkins and just strain out all the liquid so the watermelon pulp wasnt in my way. 

Not terribly pricey for a nice meal. The pitcher definitely set us back, but the entrees are $10-15, not bad.
So, admittedly this wasn't our first stop on our Friday night jaunt for fine food. We were going to try a Mexican place across the street but when they had a two hour wait we walked across the street and asked after a table. Thankfully it was only a 10 minute wait and we ended up eating outside, which was the best scenario ever. 

We started out with the mango guacamole and assorted chips. The guacamole was expensive and while the toppings were good (guacamole and some spicy red sauce) it wasn't the most mind-blowing guacamole I've ever had. Certainly delicious, just not perfection on a plate as I was expecting. We paired our guac with blood orange margaritas. Those were baller and super cute in their sweet little mason jars with biodegradable yellow striped straws.

For our entrees we each picked out a plate. I chose the crispy fish tacos and she got the enchiladas. I, being gluten-free, rarely get to eat anything with 'crispy' in the title so I was really excited when I got to eat these because they are crusted in blue corn and plantains. They were spicy and beautifully presented. Friend's enchiladas with shrimp were delicious with a creamy green sauce that she couldn't quite put her finger on but said was awesome.

Dessert consisted of prickly pear-basil sorbet for me and the flourless chocolate cake with orange-anise ice cream. I couldn't eat the cake but was told it was sort of like a regular lava cake while my sorbet was amazing. It was tart, bright pink, and came in a rather generous portion in a cute mug. Great ending to a great meal. We both swore that if we lived in Philly (we were in town for a conference) we would be regulars.
Best "farm-to-table" Mexican food in Philadelphia.  Heck, I dare say on the Eastern Seaboard (NY City doesn't have this style of Mexican restaurant).  Always hopping, get there on a random week day if you have to - because the food AND the drinks are worth writing home about.
I've been to the new Lolita twice now, and unfortunately I'm pretty disappointed with the changes.  First time, sat at a table for 4, service was super slow.  I had the fish tacos which were really good, and I loved the plantains.  We shared guacamole and the salsas.  I thought the salsas were pretty meh, but the guac was good, just small.  Second time sat at the bar.  I like that they have a bar now, but even though I tried to move my chair in pretty close, I still got bumped a lot as people passed by behind me.  I tried the jalapeno cucumber margarita.  It needed more spice, and less cucumber.  The shishito pepper guacamole didn't taste any different to me than the regular guacamole.  I watched the bartender make the pitchers of margaritas and they are small pitchers with barely any tequila in them.  The ceviche was fine, but nothing special, it needed some more acid.  

I would say the food is still good, but it's priced too high for this new casual tapas thing they are doing, especially if you just want a margarita and some snacks.  I was just not as impressed as I used to be.
Walking into Lolita, you find yourself in a charming long, narrow, brick-walled room in a dimly-lit space with a great vibe. Prices are outstanding for a restaurant in this area of Philadelphia.  Service was friendly and efficient.  We had a reservation for a Saturday night at 7:15 and were seated immediately.  But, there appeared to be plenty of open tables that we would not have had a problem without reservations.

The winning dish of the night was the Mexican Corn appetizer.  It was an ear of corn cut into 4 pieces, grilled to perfection and coated with the most wonderful and tasty combination of spices.  Absolutely outstanding!  I've never eaten corn like that before.  The Pork Carnitas served with warm corn tortillas was also tasty.  And the accompanying guacamole was super fresh.  The only losing dish of the night was the Mushroom tacos.  It just didn't quite work.  A vegetarian miss, in my opinion.
Updating this to 3 stars. On 3 separate occasions we have ordered a pitcher of margaritas that have had little to no alcohol in it. For a point of reference I drank 2/3 glasses out of the pitcher and felt less of an effect than half of a beer. I let this go once thinking it was a one off problem but it's consistent. 

Stop stealing from people and give them what they pay for when it comes to drinks.
I've been to quite a few number of Mexican restaurants and I am traditionally pessimistic if there is too much attention on flare in exchange for substance, but Lolita did a great job in enticing both the mind and the taste buds.

Must get: cobb salad, carne asada (main dish), malanga+plantain chips, guac (regular is just fine), nachos
Meh: fish tacos, Mexican corn (just too much), margaritas, pork taquiza
Missed out: happy hour

It's kind of weird when the item that stood out the most was the cobb salad, but when you add quality ingredients with lime vinaigrette,
jicama, pepitas, cotija, how can you go wrong? I do think that the herb-buttermilk dressing may have been a bit of an overkill (made the salad much more soggy), but overall, it was definitely one of the more memorable dishes. As for the other dishes, I recommend the guac (we had the mango guac - see photo), but just plain regular as the mango version adds little more than just an expensive, but non-taste altering experience. The wife loved the nachos and she definitely went nuts over the generous portions of braised shortribs over the bed of freshly fried nachos. The garnishes make this dish seem slightly healthier...but that's purely for illusions only.

I was a bit disappointed by the mexican corn...don't get me wrong, slathering a piece of corn on a cobb with chipotle mayonesa, cotija, lime, ancho sounds and taste great...but so does a fresh corn on a cobb, and it was just too much. I tried the fish tacos and the pork taquiza, the fish was a bit dry and the pork...very tasteless, in comparison to all of the other dishes. The carne asada, aka steak, was definitely the show stopper: it was cooked to a perfect med rare, and melted in your mouth. The asparagus and plantain chips were a nice touch as well. 

We shared a pitcher of margarita...which I think it's fair to skip for future visits. A bit too expensive and too sweet for my taste.

At the end, Lolita surprised me. Sure it is on the pricier side of dining, but there were quite a number of memorable dishes and I am excited for an opportunity to return to try out their happy hour menu.

Food: 3-4 stars
Service: 3 stars (forgot to refill or give us a pitcher of water for the entire visit)
Ambiance: 3 stars a bit crowded, prefer outside seating if available
Price: 3 stars
Stumbled upon this place when my friend and I were looking for a place to grab a quick lunch. This place blew our minds. We came back for dinner the same night, that's how good it was. Mango guacamole with pepitas is out of this world fantastic. I loved the chips that were served, it was a combo of corn, malanga and plantain chips. My friend gorged on 3 portions of Mexican styled corn . I don't like corn, but even  could not stay away and ate 2 pieces. A spice fest in my mouth. I've also ordered fried plantains , which melt in your mouth. Tons of juxtaposed flavors. 
Margarita menu is a whole other story. We have tried every kind on the menu and all were phenomenal. French and strawberry/basil margaritas were my personal favorites. Not cloyingly sweet, tasted very realistic and not heavy. 
If you're visiting , this place is not to be missed!!!
Loved my meal from start to finish and I'm already hankering to go back for those bomb margaritas.  Place is super cute inside and our server was extra friendly.  Glad I made reservations, as the narrow place packed up like crazy by 7 on a Friday.  So happy they're not BYO-Tequila anymore.  I'm sure there was a sort of charm in that, but when I go to a Mexican restaurant that's not a South Philly taqueria, I want a ready-made beverage.

I started with the classic marg with salt, then switched to the strawberry basil one for my next two after I tried my friend's and just had to have it.  Both were SO good.  Perfectly balanced, tart, sweet and definitely strong, I was feeling adequately buzzed on my way to the function that night.  Unfortunately, at about $12 a pop, and 6 margaritas between us, it was pricey - if I knew how much we were gonna drink, I would have opted for the more cost effective pitcher.  Lesson learned (still worth it though!)

For food, we split the appetizer special of albondigas with crostinis and my mouth is STILL watering for it now.  Spiced with cumin and something else that gave it a nice kick of heat, the sauce was perfect and the meatballs were the right consistency (plus the crostinis for dipping were great, though I wish there was more of it).  

As an entree, my friend got the fried chicken tacos and I got the salad with an addition of steak.  I'm a *little* disappointed the amount of steak was scarce for the upcharge of $6-7, but the salad was so large and delicious, I can't complain.  Toasted pepitas, cauliflower, cabbage, a bunch of other stuff and an addictive lime dressing, it was a great entree-sized salad (though without the addition of the protein, it might not have been enough).  My friend also loved her tacos.  Presentation is woodsy & whimsical.  

For about $77 per person with tip, it's steep, but that's on account of those 3 margs each (whoops!).

Coming here, I was expecting a kind of basic bitch El Vez-style establishment, as the 13th Street lineup of Instagrammable bougie restaurants tends to pull in people donning their Saturday night best and hence, charges accordingly.  This was not the case here and I was pleasantly surprised.  I had a great dining experience and would love to return.
When El Vez has too long of a wait or you just can't handle going there again, this should definitely be the next place on your list to try! It's right across the street, with a more intimate and date like feel, and smaller portions with tons of unique flavor. Check it out for lunch. I loved my chicken taquitos and the mango guac (although I wish the guac portion was a bit larger). The best thing is absolutely the tres leches cake, definitely one of the best I've ever had. The perfect place for your upscale, fancy Mexican needs!
Marg update: Margs are legit and well-balanced. Comparable to my other marg stops (El Rey, Tequilas, etc.). Their non-happy hour food is excellent too. I'm always a sucker for their huge enchilada dish, but my friends always lean towards the huge DIY taco platter option, which comes with SO much food. Come hungry (and make a reservation)!
Went to Lolita for Restaurant Week and it was super average. I was disappointed after having such great experiences at Barbuzzo and Bud & Marilyns. Maybe I picked the wrong menu items (for some reason I happened to pick all vegetarian stuff, even though I'm not vegetarian). I got the veggie burrito and it was kind of bland and boring. The description made it sound like it was packed with lots of flavor, but it really just tasted like rice and beans wrapped up in a tortilla with some curried cauliflower thrown in. Maybe it was just the items I ordered, but nothing really stuck out to me here.
Yowza. We met some friends for dinner, and this was their pick. Lolita is a very intimate space. The tables are close together and people sometimes have to squeeze behind you. But that said, it manages to be close quarters without feeling like you don't have your private space and you can't talk with your tablemates. It's an odd feat of restaurant engineering but it works. We had reservations (would highly recommend). So we were able to walk in and be seated immediately even on a busy night.

This is upscale Mexican and everything we had was delicious. We got the traditional guacamole to start, which was delicious and creamy and came with the most delicous basket of not only "regular" chips but also plantain chips and chips that very much reminded me of Terra Chips. Super yummy. We also got the toro tartare appetizer, which was served on more of those little chips and was absolutely delicious.

Entree-wise, I got the chicken enchiladas, which were very good and way too much food for even me to eat. But I did have ordering envy. My husband got the carne asada, which turned out to be an absolutely spot on perfectly cooked mid-rare filet with a bunch of other stuff. It was melt in your mouth perfection.

We also got a number of beverages. My husband seemed to enjoy the tamarind special cocktail and I was quite content with the beer menu. Our server was friendly and proficient. It was a really lovely meal from start to finish. Would highly recommend.
We stopped at Loita for an impromptu lunch. Unfortunately (well fortunately for us) all of the tables in front were occupied so we were lucky enough to snag a few seats at the far end of the counter and got to watch the chefs prepare the food. This is a great place to sit because one, it's really warm back there and you are well insulated from any drafts that you might need to contend with. Also you get to see the food being prepared right before your eyes which was really helpful because we ordered what looked good (and it was!) Finally, the cooks were really nice and asked us how we liked our meals and chatted a bit. While cooking at a crazy speed. I could not do that. Everything we tried was delicious from the chips with the smoky salsas to start that put the usual chips and salsa to shame. My wife had the shortrib chilaquales because they looked so good and indeed they were. I enjoyed a red snapper special which was lightly pan cooked with capers, cherry tomatoes, little beets, and potatoes. As good as what you'd get in a good seafood restaurant in town. Even though we were stuffed we still managed to squeeze in some yummy coconut tres leches cake and a flourless chocolate cake. Both were really good. Our server was friendly and attentive and everything was great. We look forward to returning soon. Hopefully those two seats at the counter will be open!
I hate to do it because this used to be such an awesome place but the new Lolita is not where it's at . 
Bopped in here on a bar hopping tour and decided on seats at the bar with my gals. We each ordered a variation of a Margie , mine the strawberry rhubarb was delicious and had great flavor. The tequila was mild but it was refreshing none the less.

We shared the shishito pepper guacamole and a spin on ceviche with shrimp. 
The guacamole dish rang in at 11 bucks and was the size of a small soup bowl . I wouldn't have cared of it actually tasted good. I had to ask for salt , I don't think I've ever had to ask for salt for guacamole before . 

Service was just ok our food came out in a pretty decent amount of time , meanwhile our bartender spilled a full drink over the bar wetting a friend, she apologized but a comp of her drink would have been the way to go.

I'm sorry to say this but I don't think I'll be back I mean el vez is directly across the street and though sometimes the bar tender throws some shade the Margie's and guacamole are always on point .
A friend and I had reservations for restaurant week and enjoyed our selections however the service was extremely unprofessional. We stayed a little longer to enjoy the ambience and continue our conversation but the waiter, Will, kept interrupting us. The bill came out while we were still eating so we felt a bit rushed. Also, he removed our water carafe in an attempt to rush us out of the restaurant. My friend still had a half glass full of water but as soon as she set it back down on the table, the waiter quickly and rudely took it off the table without asking if she was done. I had to physically hold on to my cup of water to display that we weren't finished. By this time, we had paid and left a generous tip which was swiped as well. We couldn't get the staff's attention after we paid and they wouldn't make eye contact. The experience was really awful and extremely rude. On the way out, I spoke with the manager, Harrison, about the poor service and lack of professionalism. Surprisingly, he didn't take the feedback well and became visibly upset as I spoke with him in a calm manner. He cut me off without fully listening or understanding my concerns around the service. I politely told him that I would mention my experience to the owner and he became short and rude with me. These were some of his comments:

"This is the way the business is run." 

To me this means, they encourage and support rudeness and impolite techniques to force paying guests to leave. Harrison was unapologetic and extremely unprofessional in handling my concerns. I'm thoroughly disgusted with the service and lack of concern around consumer experience. I will not be visiting this restaurant in the future.
I've been a fan of this place for years. I've celebrated more than a share of birthdays here with friends as well as meet ups with coworkers and sweet Friday night dinners... and I am always happy to dine at this spot. I loved it when it was BYOT and it was a blast hanging out late in the night with good food having our own control of how much booze was appropriate for a margarita. (Gotta say, my friends and I can get pretty heavy handed) but love equally that now when ordering, the tequila is already poured. The blood orange margaritas are my favorite (salt on the rim). My good friend and frequent dining partner has always declared Lolita as having the best guacamole in the city. I don't think I have the girth of experience to make such a declaration, but the guac here is very tasty. I love the plantain chips along with the standard tortilla chips that it is served with. We went with the mango guacamole last night and it was a great choice. I ordered the chicken enchiladas (my first time with this dish...I usually go with the fish and shrimp related items) and the enchiladas were great. Good texture and flavor and the chicken was juicy and delicious. It's cozy in the winter and lovely in the summer with great outside dining with a view of a busy street in the heart of center city. This is a solid place. If you want upscale, innovative, mexican-inspired food, drop by here.
Awesome food! Great selection of drinks. Cucumber margarita's are kick ass!!! Food tastes great!!
The atmosphere and service here are good - all the 13th street restaurants typically hit the mark there.

The cocktails were great, well beyond the usual boring margaritas and mojitos at most Mexican restaurants (though those are here too).  Try the tamarind sour!

The menu is small but varied, but neither my friend nor I were really wowed by our meal.  We had chilaquiles, cauliflower tacos and plantains.  It was just so-so.  There are many neighborhood spots producing food of this caliber at lower price points.

The guac starter was basic but delicious, though the few eye-catching taro and plantain chips on top certainly didn't justify the outrageous $10 price tag.

Overall, a nice dining experience with lackluster food.
This place wasn't bad, it just wasn't good either. For Guac I'd personally rather go to El Vez and for tacos I'd rather go to mission taqueria. If you're paying like 12 bucks for chips I feel like they should be hot-ish. I don't know.  The tortillas were hot though so thats cool.

Like I said, nothing was bad but It was just meh for me.
I went to Lolita for date night.  It was a great venue for that.  It was not super loud (which is often a miracle at these tiny 13th street restaurants) and it was dimly - dare I say romantically - lit.  There are a few large plates, but most of the dishes were small.  The tacos come in threes and are the same size as you would get at el vez across the street.  

We started with the tradicional guacamole--it was a few (not many) dollars cheaper than the guacamole at el vez, but it was about 1/4 of the size, and did not come with salsa.  It was generally tasty, but not mind blowing.  I prefer thicker chunks of avocado in my guac and this was almost a little mushy.  The chips it came with were great--the majority are corn chips, but you also get a few plaintain chips and malanga chips.  I've never had malanga chips before, I'm still not sure what they are, but those were my favorite.  Very light and crispy.

For my main course, I had the duck fat tamal.  It was a decent-sized portion for a "small" plate and with the guacamole I was full at the end of my meal.  The taste was okay.  It says it comes with a peanut mole, but I did not taste any peanut.  Also it states that it comes with a jicama corn salsa, and my salsa was mostly red pepper.  I didn't mind the substitutions.  But I was not wowed by the dish.

For my cocktail, I went with the cucumber jalapeno margarita, which comes on the rocks with salt.  The taste of the cucumber was strong, and the jalapeno very subtle (as was the tequila--frankly, I couldn't taste it at all).  If you don't like spice, but like the taste of jalepenos (although I'm not sure you would have figured that out), this is the drink for you.

The service was meh--the dishes came out way to quickly (my main dish came out about 30 seconds after the guacamole).  30 minutes after we got there, my drink was empty for about 10 minutes and we were out of water, and no one came by to refill us. Our server offered us dessert while we were still eating our food and then brought us the check immediately, even though we still had half of our guacamole on the table. 

I felt rushed, even though the restaurant was empty.  We were in and out in 40 minutes.  If you need a fast but relatively fancy dinner in center city, this is a good bet.  The competition for this type of cuisine in Philly is pretty fierce, and this would not be my first place to go.
My first time at Lolita last weekend and was pleasantly surprised! I've heard this place is good but didn't expect it to be THIS good, especially after living in California (that is known for some amazing Mexican food) for several years. 

My boyfriend and I shared: 
- Las Fronteras (homemade horchata drink and some spiced rum) and beer 
- Traditional guac and chips 
- Queso Fundido 
- Pork Carnitas tacos 
- Seared shrimp tacos

Honestly, I wasn't blown away by the guac and chips, chips were maybe a bit salty for my taste. Las Fronteras was unique and good. 

Queso Fundido was DELISH and had so much flavor!! It was a combination of savory, cheesy and a bit of spicy at the end, with some bites of chewy mushrooms here and there that made me want more. YUMMM 

Pork Carnitas were AMAZING as well- I knew I wouldn't go too wrong with carnitas but at the first bite of it, I knew it was going to be my favorite out of the dishes we've ordered. I am definitely coming back for more pork carnitas- the consistency and flavor were perfect and there was definitely something special about the corn tortillas that made the tacos taste extra yummy. 

Not too much to say about the seared shrimp tacos- they were pretty good but I only got a bite of it because I was way too full and had some as left over the next day. They were still good but maybe a little more bland (maybe some spicy sauce would have helped ;) and not as amazing and flavorful as pork carnitas! 

All these were too much food between the two of us. We were pretty full after the appetizers which is a shame because we didn't get to fully enjoy the flavorful tacos and had plenty of left overs, which is a waste of $$ since the dishes weren't cheap... Next time we come back, we will probably just order Queso Fundido and Pork Carnitas and some drinks. 

The waitress was very nice and friendly and the vibe was casual chic, a very nice place! I would feel fine dressing casual or dressing up! I will definitely return here!! :) So happy I found this place.
So my nachos were large in portion, but my friends who ordered tacos/appetizers got these baby size portions and small little tacos so they had to order second meals! Margaritas were delicious, and our waitress and service were great but I think this would be a better place suited for lunch or small appetites - unless you order the nachos ;)
I LOVE this place. I'm very obsessed. I'm picky with my food but I had one of the best tacos I've ever tried here. Our server was super nice and gave the best customer service. To top it off Lolita is my favorite book.
I came here with a friend on a Saturday night for dinner. We came right on time for our reservations and they were packed. It overall seems like a nice place but it's very small to the point I felt I can't stretch out my arms cause I might hit someone nearby. For dinner my friend and I ordered the guacamole to share and the Mexican street corn. The guacamole was really good and in addition to tortilla chips we got a few taro and plantain chips as well. I wish it was more of those per order but it was satisfying overall. The guacamole order also comes with a red and green salsa. The red one tasted more smokey and the green was slightly spicy , both enjoyable though . The street corn looked a lot smaller than in pictures I had seen by other reviewers . However it was really creamy with a little spice and very messy. I wish I could have gotten some paper napkins but the waiter didn't hang around long when checking in on us for us to really ask. For the main courses my friend got a chicken dish and I got the seared cauliflower tacos. When my friends food was dropped off we weren't sure if it was hers cause it was dropped off so fast, and the girl who dropped it off just seems flat and dead in the face then walked off from our table. The people here just seemed a bit too busy and rushed there that night.  
      In addition to our meal my friend and I both got the blood orange margaritas which we felt were strong and quite delicious. Overall this place is great for food ,but service could use a little improvement.
I don't understand how a former BYO can reopen and make a pitcher of margaritas with TWO SHOTS of tequila. How do I know the pitcher had two shots? Because the bartender measured it. I find that behavior unusual. It was the worst margarita I've ever had and the bartender's suggestion was to perhaps order something else on the menu. 

We left and went to El Vez. (get the Mezcal margarita)
I love Lolita! We stopped in for happy hour, but I've also been for dinner. It's a quaint little space with a DIY feel to it almost - the drinks come in mason jars with paper straws and the plates are a faux wood. It's a nice touch to add to the atmosphere. 

If you're a fan of margaritas, you've got to try the blood orange margarita. It's not too sweet, not too sour and just all around wonderful. Plus, the happy hour special is great - $6 for a margarita. We shared a few bites and the sopecitos were my favorite! They were a variation of a croquette topped with mushrooms and cheese YUM! When I came for dinner we shared the guac (great) and I had the fried chicken tacos, which were delicious!

Definitely make this a stop next time you're in the area!
Traveling in a new city... exciting. 
Traveling in new city with food allergies..... terrifying. 

Welcome to Lolita - a place where those of us who can't have gluten can breathe freely. Literally, everything on the menu is an option (not, a please modify and trust me that I can't eat this - but a real option). Ready to take a full deep breath? The serving staff was informed and helpful to identify dairy as well. Praise the powers that be! 

To top it off - the flavors were there in everything. I often find that when restaurants pay attention to dietary restrictions they lose the depth of flavor and magic on your tongue, but not so here. Every bit of food from the salsas to the guac to the shrimp for my fajitas was packed with complex flavor. 

Extra perk - that cocktail menu. Dang - take a minute and soak it in. Then literally drink it in. 

Be ready to be near your neighbor while you enjoy - but heck you will be enjoying so who cares (make friends)!
Its been awhile since I was last here which didn't leave a great impression on me because of poor service.  
I'm glad I came back.  I would say service wasn't bad but more indifferent but that didn't really bother me since I really enjoyed the food. 
We ordered guacamole with an assortment of chips which I couldn't stop eating them!
I then ordered the Raw Tuna Tostada which was SOOOOO good.  The dish came with 4 small tostadas topped with raw tuna so to some, this may not be considered enough for a meal but I found it enough, considering I ate a lot of chips with it. 
We got tres leches cake for dessert and wow. Definitely recommend. not too sweet.  moist with warm sweetness.  So delicious
Margaritas and Fish tacos were delicious! Decided to come here instead of El Vez across the street and was very pleased with the food and drink selection!
I've tried to come here so many times for dinner before but the wait was always so long! I finally made it in for lunch on a Sunday, and this place did not disappoint. 

Likes:
-the chips + salsa. We ordered guac and chips, which came with two small dishes of salsa. One was made from tomatillos and another from roasted tomatoes, and they definitely were the highlight of the meal. I loved eating the plantain chips with the salsas. I wish I could've taken jars of that stuff home. The guacamole was also pretty good but paled in comparison to the salsas. 
-fish tacos: the fish was nice and crispy, and the tacos were well seasoned. Nothing mind blowing but they were delicious nonetheless. 

Dislikes:
-fried chicken torta: the chicken flavorful and had great texture, but this dish was overall quite dry. Needed some sort of moisture. 

I would definitely come back again if just for the salsa. It was honestly that amazing.
Locale messicano molto molto carino. Si trova sulla 13th strada, una via piena di ristorante e locali, e questo non è da meno. 
Ci hanno fatti accomodare ad un tavolino sul marciapiede, un pò a ridosso delle macchine e degli altri tavoli, ma sinceramente non ce ne siamo neanche resi conto!
Cibo davvero buono e "pulito", molto diverso dal messicano (finto) che siamo abituati a trovare in Italia. 
La cameriera è stata davvero molto gentile e sorridente nonostante il ristorante fosse al gran completo e dovesse correre da una parte all'altra.
Consigliatissimo!
So I had never been to Lolita, but had heard a lot about it from before the remodel. My husband and I went for dinner on a Sunday. Nice atmosphere, good service. But I wasn't impressed with the food. The chips and guacamole were good, not great. The fried chicken tacos were spicy and really good. The strawberry rhubarb margarita was ok, nothing special. Honestly, I won't be going back and won't recommend this place to anyone else. Just go to El Vez if you want Mexican.
In my opinion, Lolita is a tinier, better version of El Vez (I know, they're two different restaurant groups). We have always frequented El Vez but once gave Lolita a try when we couldn't get a table.  What a find. It's extremely small and dark inside.  Their margaritas run circles around El Vez's and their carnitas are delicious.  I also highly recommend the Mexican chopped salad they have - it sounds pretty basic but it's so good.  We've been here about 3-4 times and we'll be back again!
My girlfriend and i stopped at Lolita for drinks and apps only. Staff were nice but our waitress just would not smile and seemed grumpy. not a fan of that. Its your typical Americanized Mexican food. Probably would just stick to apps and drinks
I'm so shocked at the poor reviews. I've been three times since it reopened and each experience has been positive. The tuna was delicious, great beers, yum corn.... Reasonably priced too! I've no idea why anyone is comparing this place to El Vez aka Mexican TGI's on acid. There is no comparison. It's an entirely difference experience. I'd recommend this place and will be going back soon.
In the great El Vez vs. all other mexican restaurants debate, I'm on team Lolita. 

I've been here a buncha times, and am always satisfied. The menu is a perfect hybrid of old-school favorites and modern switch-ups. My go-to's are the blood orange margarita, guac with bacon, and the mushroom enchiladas. I can usually fill up on da guac and one enchilada (order comes with two), so that I can save one for lunch the next day. The mexican style street corn is also a favorite, just make sure you won't mind getting stuff on your face. I've also tried almost all of their tacos and dig em all. 

Really looking forward to the warmer weather so I can dine al fresco cause while the space is really cute, it's pretty small & can get cramped. 

Also, they have a really good lookin late-night menu, which always excites me even though I tend to be a bit of a grandma in the winter months. Come sweet summatime I'm gonna check that out for sure.
Came by on a weekend night so it's quite busy. First up - everyone has to wear a mask, staff too. Tables outside distanced. Between each customer they do a thorough clean down of table and chairs. 
Ok the good stuff - the food. The lobster tacos very good, as are the chicken ones. Guacamole was ok. The blood orange margarita was delicious.
This is the closest to real authentic Mexican food I have ever tried.

The restaurant is really cozy and warm. The staff is very welcoming and attentive. I like that the menu is straight forward and offers a good variety of plates. If you don't like spicy that's not a problem, they can accommodate your needs, and the food will still taste delicious.

I fell in love with the taquitos and their use of fresh ingredients. We came here for lunch and it wasn't that busy, so we stayed and had a nice experience. 

Prices are good for the quantity of food they serve you. The presentation of the food also captivated me. So much attention to detail. It's like when you say "this coat is designer" the food here is designer lol

I will definitely come back if I'm ever around the area.
I really love Lolita! The waitstaff is kind and the atmosphere is intimate. It's rather small and dark so I would recommend making a reservation. 

For drinks we both had the jalapeño margarita. I asked for mine extra spicy and it came out perfectly. 

To start we had the Mexican Street corn which was devoured in about 30 seconds after hitting the table. Really delicious.

Also enjoyed the guacamole, ceviche and our fajita entree. 

Definitely will return to Lolita.
Tacos are amazing here. I've had all different kinds and they've all been excellent.
Nachos are also wonderful, thought the guacamole can be salty. I like the mushrooms on the nachos. Nice touch.
Tequitos were just okay.
Blood orange margarita tasted good, but wasn't very boozy.
Overall, great tacos. Salty food so expect to drink lots of water.
Service is generally okay.
Be aware: This place is insanely noisy if it's busy.
Also, Late night snack hours have changed even though the sign hung on their glass doors haven't. Late night discounts were Sunday to Thursday 10:30pm-12. Not anymore as we went tonight (12/20) and the employees told us they closed at 10. Lame- take your sign down!
Try the watermelon margarita with fish tacos. Don't forget the guac! Had a great time and plan to go back again.
This is a little late! I went for dinner about a month ago, and it was fantastic! We made a reservation for Friday night and sat right down. I started with a passion fruit margarita- dangerously good!! It was one of the best margaritas I've had. I had the shrimp tacos for dinner. They were great, the perfect mix of ingredients. They didn't come with anything on the side though, so although three smallish tacos was fine for me, some might be left a little hungry. The space is really nicely decorated, but it was super tight. The tables are very close together, and the walkways are narrow. I'll definitely be back (for that marg!), and will probably share an appetizer before dinner to tie it all together.
Lolita has been on my list of places to try for a while now. I was finally able to scratch that notch on my food bedpost. 

In retrospect, Tina T. and I were pretty lucky to have snagged a seat for lunch last Friday. We happened to be looking on opentable.com and saw an opening for noon. We were the third table to be seated in an empty restaurant, but by the time we left there wasn't an empty seat in the house. 

The size of the crowd could unfortunately be reflected in the service. While our server was nice and attentive at first, we had to flag her down to get attention by the end of our visit. When asking for change for the bill, she brought out a $5 bill versus 5 singles. While the math was correct, it still wasn't helpful for leaving the correct tip/total. 

Despite some service imperfections, I'm not going to hold this against my fantastic burrito. I went with the short rib burrito and loved every bite of it. It was huge and while I probably should have boxed up half from the start, but I loved every bite and couldn't stop myself. It was filled with chili braised short rib, queso mixto, black beans, rice, horseradish crème, smash avocado and salsa verde. It came with a side salad containing kohlrabi, fennel and watercress. I didn't love the salad. I enjoyed the light dressing on it, but it was too much of a garden on my plate. 

Speaking of my plate, everything was loaded on there, making it very hard to cut up my burrito without knocking something off the side. I also found it out there was a layer of wax paper between the plate and the food. I was concerned throughout the meal I'd accidently cut into the wax paper and end up eating some. The dining room and table space were also was really snug so I'm sure everything was put on one plate for a reason.  

I also had the Passion Fruit margarita. It was fantastic! It's a good thing I had willpower during that meal or I could have had a pitcher to myself. 

My margarita and burrito were enough to leave a good impression of Lolita and a note to return with on a later date.
Staff was nice. I just had a salad here. Massive salad. The menu is tiny. But the place was packed when I went. Maybe I tried the wrong item.
This place is really good.  Had the chicken tacos, chips & salsa and a salad.  Muy Bueno!  The service was excellent and our food came out very quickly.  Would like to ce back and try a few things on the menu.
I can't believe there are only 100 reviews for this restaurant. The food is so amazing! Not overwhelming in size, but full of complex flavors and textures.  

I had already been here once, but I decided to return for Restaurant Week. Between the food and service, the experience was absolutely fantastic. To start, we had the roasted beet & jicama salad, which is offered to every table that takes part in the RW menu. I felt the roasted beets really dominated the dish, with their sweetness and smooth texture, accented by citrus, herby, and nutty flavors of the garnishes. The portion was small, and it left us wanting more. But this was a great way to lead into the next two, more substantial courses. 

Our next course consisted of the pork carnitas and crispy fish tacos/ Both were great, though I thought the carnitas were  especially tasty and flavorful. We also had the carne asada, which consisted of beef tenderloins, crispy yucca fries, smoky plantain crema, topped with a crispy plaintain chip to add texture. 

We finally ended the meal with tiramisu and coconut tres leches cake. Both were good. The tiramisu paired especially well with Patron XO, and the tres leches was very moist, though I wish they had added a bit more of the milk sauce under it. 

While the restaurant is on the tinier side, it is not insanely uncomfortable, especially when the food more than makes up for it. Our server was also very pleasant. I only wish the chairs didn't have such round backs, because as a result, I couldn't place my purse on the back of the chair and had to place it on the floor in the dark.
I didn't expect to love this place.  Part of me didn't even want to.  You see, my vision of Mexican food had been clouded in a Haze.  Traditional is what you want, right?  The old country, experience, authenticity.  Somewhere that had been around the block a few times.

But no.  Societal norms bedamned I fell in love with this young girl, this Lolita.

Seafood tostadas started the meal with a punch in the mouth.  Salty, acid, fishy, crunchy.  Holy moly.  Just a great little dish that set the tone for a meal I just flat out enjoyed.  Another highlight was the Cholula fried chicken - again a smallish dish but it satisfied from all angles.  Picked through a couple other things as well so suggest taking your time (not ordering all at once) and letting this one soak in.
The last time I was at Lolita was probably 2007, so I was past due for a re-visit, especially with their upgrades and new fancy shmancy liquor license.

I came here for restaurant week so I could try as much as possible from the menu. Everything was innovative, exciting, with great fresh, light and spicy flavors.

We started with a watermelon and beet salad and a Mexican corn appetizer. We then split salmon and avocado tostaditos and shortrib tacos - so good! The higlight of the night for me was the carne asada over yucca with a great, yellow chile sauce. My friend ordered the swordfish, which was honestly the low point. I think they need to take that thing off the menu - it is just dry and flavorless and doesn't stand up to the rest of the food.

My dessert, the pecan cheesecake with salted caramel, sent me over the edge, for sure. I was so full afterwards that I needed to be carted away. The three blood orange margaritas didn't help either. :) Overall, this was a delicious meal and I'm glad to see a refreshed Lolita on 13th street.

P.S. - Possibly the best part of the evening was that although they were completely booked with reservations, we were not rushed whatsoever. We ended up eating our dinner over a calm and delightful three hours. I love to sit and have long dinners like this!
Signed up just to write this review.  I loved the old Lolita and could not wait for this new version to open.  I've been twice now and I doubt I will return.  Everything was just...okay.  Service was okay, drinks were okay, and food was okay.  That is the best I can say about it.  I loved bringing people from out of town to the old Lolita as a way to impress them with Philadelphia and its restaurant scene.  It always had great food and a really fun vibe.  I got none of that the last two times I was in.  I actually wonder if what I liked so much was really just getting drunk on a bottle of tequila.
Delicious food, large portions & a great Happy Hour menu. Love it! I built my own taco & had. Rose margarita & a blood orange margarita. I'll be back again & again
I have been to Lolita twice now and it's definitely a cute spot to go on a date. The issues I have are that their portion size is medium-small and it's hard for me to justify going out to Mexican food places to eat "fancier" foods. Despite the fresh ingredients and great texture, was my dinner really worth $35? $90 for two people after tip and tax? 

Off their restaurant week menu, our table ordered: 
From the chef: mushroom empanadas (delicious! But too small) 

Appetizers: crispy fish tacos (normally don't like fish tacos but they give you 2 and they were surprisingly fresh and decent! Still preferred the tostadas though), korean pork belly tostadas (crunchy and crispy, pork belly was a bit salty but you had the chip to balance out the flavor. 

Entree: braised short rib, branzino (didn't try the short rib but the branzino was perfectly cooked, medium sized filet. Wish it had a little more flavor, seemed pretty plain / watered down to me. Fingerling potatoes under the fish were soggy.)

Dessert: coconut tres leches, passion fruit sorbet (both delicious. Great to share - there's no way I would've been able to eat the entire coconut tres leches.) 

As I said before, good food but small portions and pricey for what they give you. I tend to be harsher on Mexican restaurants coming from California so take this review with a grain of salt.
Not good. Ok quality. I think if you are going to do Mexican, there are so many better places. Not authentic or fun atmosphere.
We stopped by Lolita for happy hour on a Tuesday ~5:45 pm. Overall, solid happy hour spot with delicious margaritas and some cheap bites. 

Service: Veryyy slow (?) Might have been a result of happy hour times, but our nachos took almost 25 minutes to come out after we got our margaritas, which was kind of a bummer because we couldn't enjoy our drinks with our food.

Drinks: My new favorite margarita is the watermelon margarita - so refreshing and delicious! They also serve margs in cute mason jars! 

Food: A big plate of nachos (topped with cheese, black beans, guacamole, and some kind of salsa) for $5 - such a good deal (but also one of the only vegetarian dishes on the hh menu). 

Verdict: Would come back from happy hour / dinner (the dinner menu is a lot more extensive but a little on the $$ side).
This was my first visit to Lolita's.  The establishment is cozy.  The blood orange margaritas were tasty.  I ordered a pitcher which I believe a bit over priced. The food was good.  I was told that the food at el Fez was better.  But I thought Lolita was tasty.  I will checkout el Fez to make that comparison.  Don't miss out on Lolita.  The food was tasty.  Chao!
I really wanted to love Lolita. I had a few drinks before I went in for dinner, and I can honestly say I could tell the food was not up to par even with a good buzz and an empty stomach. I ordered the short rib nachos and the fish tacos. My disappoint was with the nachos. The food was beautifully presented, but the chips were extremely salty, and the meat cold when served. The fish tacos were excellent and I would totally order those again. The restaurant had a good vibe, but it was too dark in there. I want to see my bright food and it was just a dreary meal for a nice sunny summer day.
First review of 2020!

Came here with the kids for dinner before going to see the Fabulous Philadelphia Orchestra perform Fantasia. We were happy with the meal and very full!

We got there slightly early for our reservation and seated immediately in the mostly candlelit restaurant.

Started with a margarita which I really enjoyed. We had appetizers of guacamole and homemade chips including plantains and other vegetable chips. We also had the braised short rib nachos. Very flavorful and really loaded tonight with short rib, cheese, beans, and crispy homemade triangle chips. This was quickly eaten. The guacamole had some heat? Not sure, but there was enough to save for the main entrees.

One kid had fish tacos which he liked, but was slow to finish. The other went with a special tonight of chorizo and sunchoke tacos. This was not bad at all, but she didn't care  for the taste and passed them to me to trade for a pork carnita taquitas. Mine was a oversized portion of goodness that I absolutely loved. The chef threw in several pieces of "burnt" ends and the additional shredded pork was more than a cup's worth. Top that pile with some special non-tomato salsa, pulled cheese, more guacamole and spicy salsa, and this was fit for a king!

We each were completely satisfied with our meal even though the chorizo sunchoke tacos weren't a hit. The tacos come in a trio, and the taquitas you build your own mini street tacos. I think four came in the serving, but there was a lot more left over.

Service was super quick from the kitchen, and our server was friendly and attentive.

$95 not including tip for two appetizers, three entrees, and one margarita.

It was a nice pre-night going out with the kids!
I've been to Lolita a few times and it's definitely a solid place for Mexican food in the city. It's definitely modern/americanized and not authentic like you'll find in some of the hole in the wall joints in South Philly, but it does the job for a delicious dinner out. Be sure to book a table in advance, because it's small and fills up quickly. Recently, I came with my husband and another couple and we definitely enjoyed it.

They offer some pitchers of certain margs/sangrias, but my group opted to try a few different ones. I got the cucumber jalapeño marg which was refreshing but not quite spicy enough for me. On the second round, I asked them to kick it up a notch and they muddled some jalapeños in it, which made it way better. My friends enjoyed the pineapple habanero marg (also not spicy enough though) and the house marg. 

In terms of food, we decided to get a bunch of apps and split them:

-Guac with spring peas, cotija, and bacon- a summery, fun twist on guac and really delicious. Paired well with the plantain chips they throw into the chip basket.
-Tuna Tostaditas- one of the best things we ordered but only comes with 4 small servings. 
-Queso fundido with mushrooms- Can't go wrong with cheese and mushrooms but a little hard to eat because the cheese does not pull apart easily and you end up getting big globs of it. 
-Octopus tostadas- Again, delicious like the tuna tostadas but only came with 2! Price was a little steep for two servings.
-Short rib nachos- Decent version of nachos, though I've had better
-Mexican corn- so delicious, we ordered another. Comes with 4 1/2 ears so good for sharing. Get this.

All in all, a solid experience. Service was good, no complaints. Came to about 100/couple, which is not terrible considering we all had multiple drinks. Will definitely be back.
I'm in town from Chicago and was responsible for the groups restaurant excursions! This place looked cute, offered a pretty diverse menu of upscale Mexican cuisine (my favorite) and offered various flavors of margarita pitchers (everyone's favorite) the price seemed reasonable and it wasn't far from our hotel. Check, check, and check! 


Upon arriving we asked if we could sit outside and the hostess who seemed a bit irritated said yes and went to set up the table for us. We sat down and the less than welcoming server poured us water out of a glass bottle that he left at our table for us to refill whenever we chose. After another visit to our table as we were t quite ready to order and had a few questions, he seems bored, ready to go (where I'm
Not sure), and dismissive to the point where we felt as if we were bothering him. We each ordered tacos, guacamole for the table and the street corn side. All of which came out looking pretty but delivered nothing more than what we now know was mediocre over priced  Mexican food.

 Guacamole tasted like the guac you can buy for cheaper at chipotle or even jewel. Nothing special and I'm pretty sure the chips are from a bag. I had the fish taco where the fish was deep fried a bit too long because it seemed over cooked. It was spicy to cover the blandness of anything else. The tortillas were the best part. I believe those are made in house. My friend had the shrimp tacos which were so tasty but nothing special. Basic spices grilled and just a bit over cooked. They weren't juicy as shrimp should be but not quite rubbery yet. The street corn was mediocre the corn wasn't sweet more were the toppings very flavorful. The margaritas had NO KICK and I love margaritas I would go as far as to say that I'm a margarita expert but these just tasted like limeade as my friend pointed out after 20 minutes of not being able to name the taste. All in all there was only one thing that was above average; The temperature! And we had to ask for ice in our water.
A group of friends and I stumbled in on a Friday night. The ambiance of Lolita is very comfortable and intimate (partly due to the dim lights). No really, it was so dim we had to use our phone screens as flash lights to read the menu. 

I have been here before, but this time around I was very impressed with everything -- the service and the food. We started with a blood orange margarita pitcher ($38) and tradicional guacamole ($11). A great way to start the night with girlfriends. 

We decided to share a mix of everything so we ordered the braised short rib nachos ($14) and chipotle shrimp taquiza ($20). Also, I can't forget to mention the mexican style street corn ($5). 

The gauc and chips were not too impressive to me. Just your basics you could stop by a Chipotle and pick up. I did enjoy the additional sauces that come with the guac -- but again, i would opt NOT to get this here. The blood orange margarita was pretty good, split amongst 4 of us it was just enough to fill each of our glasses. (The house margarita here is also good and comes in a huge glass). But hey, I appreciate a nice margarita every now and then with sugar on the rim. 

The shortrib nachos were missing something. It was delicious to munch on, but seems as though there was not enough toppings on them. Regardless, we still devoured it all. The taquiza, hit the taste buds in all the right places. There was enough for each of us to make one taco (4 total). It was very flavorful and definitely puts Lolita as one of the better quality Mexican places I have been to in Philly. 

So, it was my FIRST TIME having MEXICAN CORN.. & it was amazing. Something I would crave to come back and eat. The sweet corn mixed with the spicy seasonings just gets your taste buds tingling. 

And of course we ended the night with dessert -- we opted to share the coconut tres leches ($9) and a cafe flan ($8?) they had available. The coconut tres leches was DELICIOUS. We all could not stop scooping more of it until the tower of goodness disappeared (into our tummys). The flan was not so good -- too strong of a taste imo. 

After the meal, the damage was roughly around $30 per person -- not too bad considering we got to try a good amount of the menu. We definitely were not "stuffed" -- but we did feel bloated after all the munches and liquor. 

Lolita was a perfect place for a girls night out and our server allowed us to chit chat and stay until we were pretty much the last ones in the restaurant. I definitely would like to try the happy hour next time around, but so far I have had nothing but good experiences here. 

If you're looking for a delicious Mexican restaurant in center city for some tacos and margaritas, Lolita is worth checking out! (be prepared to pay though).
Yes, yes, yes....... This place is amazing.  The food was amazing, the abidance was great, and my waiter was very attentive and nice.  You can tell that everyone working there really takes pride in what they do, as they should, given how great this place is.  I am visiting from California, and will definitely be back next time I'm back this way.
Unpopular opinion but I might actually like Lolita a little bit more than it's neighbor El Vez. Yes I know, how dare I speak ill of El Vez, but give Lolita a try and you'll see what I'm talking about. 

The chips and salsa are great and come with plantain chips and taro chips in addition to the usual corn chips. The enchiladas verde with mushrooms were awesome and I'm usually not the biggest mushroom fan. The food wasn't greasy and the portions were a good size. Most of the menu is gluten free and their fryer is dedicated gluten free so almost everything is fair game. It's always great to go to a place that is so knowledgeable and careful with dietary restrictions. 

Lolita is pretty small so make sure to make a reservation if you're going at a peak time and don't worry, your wallet won't take a big hit here, the prices are pretty reasonable!
I can't believe I haven't reviewed Lolita yet! This is my go-to for solid, hearty Mexican food without a reservation. I think I've been here at least 5 times and have always had a great experience. They take reservations but usually have open tables later in the evening and it's a very romantic vibe (great for dates!). It's conveniently located on the wonderful 13th St, so it's aptly located for a dinner before going out to the bars or just if you want a night in the city. They have a great late-night menu as well. It's a pretty small restaurant and tables are pretty close together. Sometimes the service is slow but I'm usually eventually able to flag someone down. 

Some of my favorites: 
Cholula Fried Chicken Tacos *must get, my favorite entree*
Guajillo Chile Braised Shortrib Nachos *must get*
Queso Fundido de Chorizo

Overall, I am a frequent diner here and I will continue to be! 5/5
I've been avoiding this place for a while ever since my first experience. I was here after recently moving to Philly in the summer of '17. If I recall correctly, the nachos weren't impressive and their vegetarian taco options were limited. Bc nachos = life there wasn't much of a reason for me to return. 

Fast forward almost 2 years and multiple occasions of arguing with one of my favorite colleagues regarding Philly's best nachos (he says here..) I bit the bullet and decided to give 'lita another go. 

I was meeting my little corn husk's old college friend so margarita pitchers were our first order. They're good, tangy, and do the trick. We ordered at least 2 pitchers. My memory is fuzzy. 

Nachos were also a given. They were MUCH better than I remember. The topping to chip ratio was much higher, most chips were covered in cheesy, sour cream-y, salsa-y, jalapeno-y, tomato cube-y goodness. They also come with dollops of some mystery DELICIOUS green sauce. God only knows what that is. And also probably the staff of the restaurant. 

Guac was another order on our list. The guac here is really good, definitely one of the best I can remember eating in Philly. You know how some places (I'm white knuckling fighting the urge to mention) the guac is just not worth it? This is definitely not one of them and a must order. Guac is accompanied by PLANTAIN CHIPS. My co-patrons were not head over heels about the plantain chips but I fuckin' loved them. 

We ordered a side of the actual plantains which were FLAMING HOT but covered in a delicious glaze. They were to-die. I would definitely order these again. 

Finally, we got the mexican street corn ON the cob which for me requires a lot more work and is just MESSY. I had a couple bites because I can't refuse anything with mayo and it was delicious. I would've probably killed that shit if I wasn't full. 

Our latest visit definitely puts lolita on the map and inserts it firmly into the mexican place rotation.
Love this place!! My friend and I were wandering around Philly one day and we were craving tacos. Searched some places in the area and decided to choose Lolita We sat outside on a warm day and it was great. Awesome place to people watch! The waiter was extremely friendly and the menu looked awesome. We took almost twenty minutes to decide what we wanted because it all sounded amazing. I ended up getting the fried chicken tacos and my friend got the steak. We both loved it! Very flavorful - my only critique would be that it came on corn tortillas which I don't like as much as flour but it was still good. We also got the plantains with crema and loved it. In addition to the food, we ended up here at happy hour without realizing and the drinks were a fair price. Overall a good time and I would recommend to anyone in the area looking for tacos!
This is my second time to visit Lolita's. The restaurant has a casual atmosphere. They have a decent craft beer selection. There are several guacamole options as well. I had the guacamole, bacon and Brussel sprout leaves. It was delicious. I recommend tying it. I also had the - Chipotle Shrimp Enchiladas that was stuffed with sautéed local greens, butternut squash, queso served with red chile salsa, crema, radish, black beans & rice. Oh and a couple of Jack n Cokes. I will be back again when I'm in town.
I returned to Lolita for dinner last weekend and was not disappointed.  I was able to make a last minute 5:00 PM reservation on my phone with the open table app about an hour before the place opened.  When we arrived there were already quite a few people outside waiting to get in.  Once five rolled around everyone was quickly seated.

Since I was disappointed in the margarita last time, we just ordered food this time.  My husband and I ordered a few appetizers to share and an order of tacos each. 

Fried squash blossoms stuffed with ricotta were on special, so I had to get those.  They were cripsy outside and delicate inside.  I loved the vegetables that were placed around them such as the sweet grilled corn, sliced cherry tomatoes, and thinly sliced fresh jalapenos.  These along with the green salsa really added to the flavor of the squash blossoms.  My husband and I also shared the fried plantains with cheese and cream. I love plantains, and these were piping hot and delicious.

For tacos I had the fish ones.  They are made with breaded mahi mahi, and you get three per order.  They were good, but not the best I've ever had.  The combination of textures was nice with the cabbage and other veggies they were served with, and they have just a little heat to them.  If you want seafood though, I recommend the shrimp tacos instead.  I had those previously at happy hour, and they were amazing!  My husband had the pork tacos.  I don't eat pork, so I didn't taste them, but he seemed satisfied with them.

We had a train to catch, so even though I was tempted by the prickly pear sorbet, we had to call it a night after the tacos.  Lolita has some pretty tasty food, and the service is good as well.  

A few things to note:  

1.  The bathroom doors need a good push to open.  I thought someone was inside and waited for ten minutes before I figured out there was actually no one inside.  It was a bit embarrassing because a line had formed behind me.  Opps...

2.  They do have outdoor seating, but it's practically in the street with a narrow isle in the middle of the sidewalk for people to barely get through.  Not sure about you, but this isn't really the dining experience I want to have. Inside seating is great though.  We sat in a little alcove by the window.
Very good little Mexican place. Not a "free chips and salsa when you sit down" type place. Restaurant week specials were very good deals. Salad was huge and pork tacos were the real deal with house made shells. Tres leches cake was a superb version. Tight quarters but very nice decor.
I came to Lolita for a date and I was a little nervous because of the close tables. Luckily we were placed secluded from most of the restaurant. 

We were given chips and salsa. We ordered guac to start. The salsas are really authentic and light. The guacamole is awesome. Chunky and fresh. I ordered the pork carnitas tacos, which I assumed would be amazing. And I was right. The carnitas were moist and flavorful. The corn tortillas were perfect. 

Personally I thought the prices were extremely reasonable for such great food and service. 

Skip El Vez and walk across the street.
This is hands down one of my go-to restaurants. When anyone is in town, I take them here. It's just so good!!  Prices are reasonable, food is tasty, and drinks are always a fun time! 

The food is fresh and delicious. Most times I come, I snag the Braised Short Rib nachos. It's listed as an appetizer but there is a LOT of food on that, and it is SO good. The sauce on top is my favorite, and their short rib is cooked so tenderly.  They also always have rotating tacos, which we like to try-- they have all been very good.  Chips and salsa are also a large portion with a variety of chips and different types of salsa- perfect for 2 to share before a meal! 

We've also come for their happy hours and late nights - both are excellent deals. Their margaritas are super tasty, and so are their sangrias.  Their pitchers are also at least a good 5 drinks, so they're great to grab when coming as a group! All in all, I can't say enough about how this has been and still is one of my favorite spots in Philly!
This is definitely my least favorite of the 13th street restaurant group's restaurant.  The menu looks amazing!  The ingredients and cuisine should be great...but ultimately we ended up with a lot of fried chips and toppings.  Now I will admit, this is partially our fault in terms of what we ordered but I still wasn't very impressed.  The guacamole is just OK, it should be amazing right?  We also ordered margarita pitchers and they were again, ok to below average.  I didn't taste even a dash of tequila.  The place was loud and our waiter was kind of rude.  Perhaps I am whining but it just didn't do it for me.  Especially when there are other unbelievably amazing restaurants just steps away!!
This was our first time at Lolita and it was a nice experience. The 13th street area is hip and vibrant. Like Barbuzzo, Lolita is small and narrow and casual chic

Our party of  three of us shared 4 dishes. 

* Duck Fat Tamale
* Hanger Tips Taco
* Crispy Fish Tacos
* Enchiladas Verde with Chipotle  Shrimp

The 4 dishes did a nice job for us, but we were not overly hungry. The duck fat tamale was good, everything tasted fresh and the duck fat gave the tamale a unique flavor. The Enchiladas Verde was pretty good too, but not our favorite. The two taco dishes were outstanding, especially the crispy fish Mahi Mahi. Both had great flavors and a  just the right amount of heat.

For dessert we had the Coconut Tres Leches. This was surprisingly very good. I thought I was going to miss the typical Tres Leches but this was a great variation. The cake was moist and it was not overly sweet.

We did not have drinks, we had water and coffee with dessert. Our check was about $65.00 for the 4 dishes, 1 dessert and 2 coffees. Not too pricey for the quality of food.

All in all, a very good meal and a nice choice when in 13th street area.
5 stars for the food but unfortunately the service wasn't too great so it's going to have to go down to 4. Came here for the amazing late night happy hour that starts at 10:30, a few food specials and of course drinks!
I ordered some nachos and chilaquiles ... Absolutely delicious. The biggest thing I hate with nachos is how a lot of places give too many chips and no toppings... Not at Lolita! So many delicious toppings and fresh chips made for a great late night snack. 
UnFortunately when we entered the restaurant there wasn't anybody to get a seated even though there are plenty of open tables. And then after that it's the way to forever to even come to get us our water or order. But regardless the food was amazing, so I still had a great time! 
I love a good happy hour, especially a good late-night happy hour... So I'll be back for some great, fun Mexican food!
My wife and I went there for my b'day in May, shortly after the 2.0 version was launched. We had liked the 1.0 BYOB version quite a bit, although it was getting dangerously close to our maximum heat resistance back then.

But version 2.0 has taken the food to a whole new level of spiciness. We specifically asked our waiter about which dish would be mild because we did not care for extra spicy. He directed us to several dishes that were ALL super spicy hot. 
Don't get me wrong: I can take a reasonable amount of heat. I've eaten my fair share of "spicy curry" dishes at Japanese restaurants, and did not order them mild. 
But all these dishes were just plain ridiculous: after the first bite blew your head off, you could not taste anything for the rest of the evening.

We could only enjoy the (downsized for the same price) guac' with chips. Everything after that was a huge waste of money.

Service was not great either: cold and not accommodating.
Definitely not coming back.
I am a FAN!

After a meeting we wanted margaritasssss, so we walked from our hotel and stumbled upon Lolita. The server was great and made all the best recommendations. Here is what we had:

Pork belly tostadas - my FAVE
Plantains with crema
Queso fundido with chorizo
Tortilla soup
Fried chicken tacos
Paloma margarita
Cucumber margarita

Needless to say, we were STUFFED. No room for dessert, even though we wanted to try. With a bite of everything, I would say this place is a gem. Food is A1, service is amazing and atmosphere is perfect.
Came here with clients for lunch today.  Great Mexican food.  Some of the best that I've had in recent memory.  Had the chips and salsa app (along with guac for the other folks).  Nice smokey salsa and a green verde salsa.  Chips were a variety that included traditional corn and plantain chips!
Also had the hanger steak tacos. Nice lunch portion of 3 tacos with great flavor.
Plus, who doesn't love a place that stocks Mexican Coca-Cola?  Me likey.
Omg.. soooo good!

Ordered delivery and it was fresh and flavorful.. I will be ordering again... my least face thing was the corn but its prob better hot and just ordered to taste  just wasn't my thing. Salad was BOMB! and so were tacos. Rice had so much spice and flavors.  Wished they had the vegetarian enchiladas etc available on caviar... will be visiting in person on day.

The Berrian tacos and Valerie chopped salad drove me to write this review.. fresh!
This was literally the best meal I've had in 2015!

From the moment I entered, the crafted experience and exceptional food didn't disappoint. I adored the interior: rustic, urban and oddly intimate...despite fitting as many tables as possible. I felt like our conversation was private and not shared amongst everyone around us, which I can't stand at places like the Dandelion. 

The staff was incredibly attentive, informed and easy going. It's a well executed plan to actually leave water pitchers on the table. The menu, while simple, is broad enough to appeal to the adventuresome or classic Mexican food lovers. Our dishes included the chips and salsa, enchiladas verdes, pork carnitas tacos, grilled snapper, and the otherworldly tiramisu (which might just be the best dessert I've ever experienced while dining out). It's only available during restaurant week.

The chips and salsa deserve high praise for being so unique!  While the standard elements were there, the surprise of plantain and yucca was just smashing. The salsa verde is perhaps the best I've ever had, though I will admit I didn't care for the red salsa at all. It was simply trying too hard and incorporated flavors typically found in a mole sauce, which just isn't chips and salsa material. 

The main courses were exceptional. We did the restaurant week menu, and while I was quite upset that a meat enchiladas option wasn't available on it, the all veggie ones that I chose almost converted me to be a vegetarian! Some of the best laying of favors in a Mexican dish that I've ever had! The pork carnitas though are addicting. The pre-fix menu came with two, which though plenty, ignited my need to have more!

As for dessert- don't share the tiramisu! Claim that baby as yours!
The food was excellent.  We started with the traditional guac, which was full very flavorful for not having anything crazy in it.  The salsa was nice and smokey and perfectly chunky.

For dinner I got the carnitas tacos that you make yourself.  The portion was rather large, and had a lot of different toppings to really customize them to the way you like. My fiance got the chicken enchiladas, and those were excellent as well!  All the portions were more than enough for a meal.

My only reason I took off a star was the drinks.
Although I can not wait for the "small plate" fad to die forever, I did enjoy my meal at the revamped Lolita. All of our dishes were delicious and as always the chef is a master at combining interesting flavors that work together perfectly. Some favs fried chicken tacos and chopped salad. Of course their guac is still one of the best in Philly. I'm deducting one star for the margarita. Their old mix was a nice balance of sweet and mildly sour. The margarita I had yesterday was an acid bomb.
We stopped in for lunch at Lolita's. The decor and energy of this place is super cute, cozy, friendly, & altogether amazing. 
They worked with my dietary restrictions, the waitress was more than helpful and their food was absolutely delicious. The prices were great as well. I will definitely be visiting again!
I hadn't been here since they updated the interior and got a liquor license.  They also now take credit cards and reservations!

The food is still fantastic, the service is great and the cocktails are amazing.  I especially loved the raw tuna tostadita- deliciously flavorful, crunchy tostadita, super fresh tuna.  The pork carnitas were also super flavorful and not dried out like some carnitas tend to be.  Also it looks like they're offering a happy hour now from Sun-Thursday so I will definitely be back to check that out!
Delicious Food! The staff was patient with my table. A few of us were 35 minutes late, and they still honored our reservation. They constantly checked in on us. Its a very small intimate environment, minimal decor, but the food is full of flavor. Our waitress was very knowledgeable on the restaurant week menu. I asked for advice, based on my flavor profiles. She advised on her favorites, and what drink pairing would be best. Its a very casual place, great Mexican food. Not a super "original" menu, but definitely a repeat. Last thing, make sure you stay for dessert. The tres leches + mexican tiramisu were AMAZING!
My experience at Lolita was average. As others have said, the tacos were very small. I had the Korean tacos - just fine. My friends had chicken and fish - neither raved about them, nor criticized them. The highlight was the veggie nachos which were very good. Drinks were just OK as well. I also noted very little tequila. The service was overly attentive in a bad way with the waitress constantly refilling our water glasses and asking us if we wanted more drinks multiple times - she also took my marg away before I had finished it. 
Honestly, I wasn't impressed and for the same money I would definitely go to El Vez for better food and margs. I did like the decor/vibe at Lolita. Other than that, I think they need to work on better flavors in their tacos and better margs - key for a Mexican place!
Nice place. 
Good margaritas and good american mexican food. 
Bacon guacamole --- Awesome! Maybe lose the peas out of it.
I will defintely be back for this one.
Holy chipotle, if I could make the mayonesa that was on my Mexican street style corn, I would put it on everything I eat. Grilled octopus tostadas were also amazing. If I still lived in Philly, I would eat here every day. Was here midweek for lunch; it wasn't too busy and the service was perfect.
I had dinner at Lolita's last night with a couple of friends.  It was my first time there and I was really looking forward to it considering all the recommendations.  I was told that Lolita's has the best guacamole in town.  I did see a few negative reviews, but I decided to keep my plans.  I should have taken heed because the negative reviews are spot on.  This is my first Yelp review.  My experience was so troubling that I had to inform others.  

I asked if they had a Skinny Margarita and the server replied "we do not carry that brand".  As though I was asking for that Housewife's mixed cocktail.  Really?!  Should have left at that point.  So I proceeded to order white tequila with a squeeze of lime and orange, served chilled, straight up.  Drinking that is like drinking a vodka martini, straight up.  You know exactly how it's supposed to taste.  I should have taken a picture of the poor excuse of a drink.  I guess because I didn't have any fillers, the "drink" half way filled the little martini glass.  My friend suggested we share a classic pitcher of margaritas.  I cautioned him that usually pitchers are topped off with added juice to fill the pitcher up.  I have sat and watched many bartenders do so.  We expressed our concerns to the server, in which she assured us that the margaritas that are offered as a pitcher were measured and premade.  This is the second point in which we should have fled, but my friend proceeded with ordering a classic pitcher.  It didn't even taste like a margarita, more of a lemonade.  You could give this drink to a five year old (hint, hint, no tequila).  

But alas, onto the famous guacamole.  We chose the bacon, brussels leaf, cojita cheese toppings.  The accompanying chips are supposed to be a mix of plantain, taro and corn, however, it's mostly corn.  As far as the guacamole, without exaggeration, just tasted of mashed avocado.  Void of any notes of lime, jalapeno, cilantro.  Chipotle, even Whole Foods makes better versions.  (Mission Taqueria has my favorite thus far)  You had to make sure to try to get as much bacon as possible with each bite.  We also had the fried chicharones special, which was also bland and unseasoned.  The accompanying dips were good but should not have been necessary with every bite.  

At this point we should have salvaged the entree elsewhere, but no, we continued to endure.  I have RA, so there are certain things that I cannot have.  This has never impacted my dining out because there are a lot of things that I can have.  The salmon is done Veracruz style, sitting on top of a tomato sauce.  I asked the server if I could have the salmon without the tomato.  After checking with the chef, she returned stating that the sauce would not taste good without the tomato.  I then asked to have the grilled salmon plain with any side vegetable.  I even said that they could just through a handful of arugula on the side.  After returning from another chef consultation, my request was denied.  I proceeded with the chopped salad and added shrimp.  Don't know why I just didn't send the "salad" back.  Poor little lettuces wilted and swimming in dressing along side three over cooked, tasteless shrimp.  When I reference taste, I am not referring to salt.  I hardly cook with salt myself.  You can let the product sing for itself, but then it needs to be great product.  My friends ordered the overly fried fish tacos and bland, lack luster pork carnitas.

As we were awaiting the check, I questioned the manager as to why it was too difficult for the chef to provide a simple grilled salmon with any side.  His initial response was that my server must have misunderstood.  No, our exchange had been very clear.  He went to speak with the server who apparently misrepresented our conversation because the manager stated that she was confused!  He continued with "If you come back, we will make it up to you.", but did  not ask for my name nor offer his.  So how would it be made up to me?  Oh, by the way, when making the reservation through Open Table, I notated that I was celebrating my birthday.  As you have read, that was never acknowledged in any way.
I came here for dinner tonight with friends. The staff is so wonderful and accommodating. There was a ton of traffic on Kelly drive and my friends and I were going to be late and they were able to push back our reservation without any hesitation. Our server,  I can't remember his name, was so nice, friendly and cheerful.
To start we ordered drinks - margaritas, traditional guacamole. One friend and I ordered the mahi mahi fried tacos... They were filling, good but not as delicious as El Vez. My friend ordered the shrimp tacos; she liked them a lot. My friends bf ordered the streak tacos and he was very satisfied. To share we ordered the plantains and corn. The plantains were great! I was not a fan of the corn. I get a version of corn at every Mexican restaurant I go to. The corn was served cold and not very cheesy. I just didn't love the flavors.

Overall a wonderful experience. I will certainly be back.
I can't find anything  wrong with this place besides being crowded. But what do you expect on a Saturday at 8pm? Food was out of this world. I got the shrimp tacos and my girlfriend got the Mahi tacos. Guac was also when on the best I ever had. Good waitstaff as well. Drinks are great!
Tried Lolita out for the first time last night, and I have to say the food and ambience were AMAZING but the service left a sour taste in my mouth. I arrived before my party and the waitress told me if I got a happy hour drink at the bar I was not allowed to sit at a table even if I closed my tab before moving. I'm pretty sure this is just false. So I opted out of drinking that night. Then, later, when my party arrived she was very inattentive - even walking away mid sentence once. I was in a group so I didn't want to draw attention by asking for the manager but this was unacceptable. I really enjoyed the food, and this place comes highly recommended so I don't think it's the restaurant just that one sour waitress. Going to have to be outnumbered in the happy hour/dinner vote before I try this place again.
Excellent Mexican spot - fresh flavors and innovative. Delicious margaritas (but the paper straws don't hold up well :), homemade chips, and fresh ceviche. Great outdoor dining experience and thanks for making my son a cheese quesadilla!
A small but stylish Mexican restaurant from the Barbuzzo family.  They used to be byo but now serve alcohol. Their guacamole and plantain chips are superb. They have delicious (and necessarily messy) Mexican street corn on the cob, which is a great appetizer for the table. The tacos here are awesome. I prefer the pork here because it's loaded with flavor. While their tacos are popular, they have a nice selection of other Mexican favorites, and they seem to be consistent in their quality.  This place is good for a small group or a dinner date. Great cocktails too!
