So we walk in at 1pm on a Saturday and spy numerous open tables behind the host stand, yet inexplicably we are relegated to the waiting area with 6 other parties already waiting, with a promise of "table in 15 minutes".

30 minutes later, I am starving and infuriated but stuck, having already sunk 30 minutes in and not wanting to start the wait at another place. If I had wanted fast food we would have bailed immediately but fast food makes me a sad panda.

We finally get seated after what feels like an interminable wait and place our orders. Chicken avocado sandwich for E, smallest grilled sirloin for me.

E's sandwich was oh-so-sad. Brown lettuce, brown avocado mush (not slices), grilled chicken, mealy pale tomato, on a charred flatbread-type wrap. He picked it apart and barely ate any of it. My steak was passable, cooked the way I asked and seasoned fine. The smallest portion is more than enough for one meal. The loaded baked potato was a lot more loaded than I expected, it was pretty much swimming in butter. Gross.

All in all a dreadful experience that I am in no rush to repeat. We had originally planned to go to Champp's and it turns out they closed recently.

The South Columbus Blvd really needs a decent sit-down restaurant where you can grab a lunch that's not fast food. I'd even settle for a Panera.
My family and I have visited this location several times before and we decided to come here again on a Tuesday night around 7 pm to have a late Christmas dinner together despite the bad experiences we've encountered in the past, which I won't mention. Upon arrival, the host seated us within 10 minutes and gave us a choice on where we wanted to sit. Mind you, the service here is always very slow but don't get discouraged, the food is actually decent and our amazing waitress was very attentive and accommodating to all our needs, which made our dining experience a pleasant one this time. Our mixed drinks/ tea/ water/ juices and comp bread was brought out to us about 15-20 minutes later. 

We ordered 2 apps to share, the sweet chili calamari and smoked sausage & cheese board, my parents got the flo's filet & lobster tail (each came with 2 choice of sides) and the shrimp & lobster chowder, I got the 12 oz ribeye with sweet potato & steamed broccoli, my brother got the prime rib, my husband got the redrock grilled shrimp and my kids got the sirloin steak and mac & cheese. The apps and entrees surprisingly, all came out within 30-35 minutes, which is considered pretty reasonable. The apps were good (calamari was spicy), all the steaks we ordered were cooked perfectly (medium rare) but a little over seasoned (too peppery and salty). The soup and sides were also very good and the grilled shrimp was flavorful. 

Overall, this is still a typical chain restaurant that serves decent food so don't expect superior service and food that celebrates the spice of life.

5.5.17*Cinco de Mayo*Came here again on a Friday night at 7 pm for dinner to have a family celebration (party of 9/ no reservations). The host & hostess were great and our server, ZACH, gave the best service I've ever experienced at a chain steakhouse! 5/5 for him but the 3/5 remains for the food and drinks.
Texas Longhorn Beef or Black Angus Beef-which is the best? That argument has been waged across the country seemingly forever. I think I'll stick to Black Angus Beef. I had dinner there one evening with a friend (she payed!) and i asked the server if they served Longhorn Beef and she said yes,it's all Longhorn unless specified. 
I ordered the Coffee rubbed Rib eye Steak with Garlic Mashed and Grilled Mixed Veggies. The Steak was cooked nicely, but it had an overall blandness to it that's hard to explain. I finished my meal but I didn't get that warm&fuzzywannalightacigarfeelingIuseallygetafteragreatsteak-you know?
We were greeted by the smell of grilled steak from the parking lot. I'm thinking that was a good sign. Upon walking in, there was no one else waiting so we walked right up to the host and were seated at a booth in a couple minutes. It was a Sunday night and our server mentioned they were unusually busy that day so to please bear with her. I ordered a T-bone done medium, the mac 'n cheese and creamed spinach, and a strawberry lemonade (liquid crack) to wash it down. The advertised special, the cowboy bone-in ribeye (cooked medium), mac 'n cheese, and steamed broccoli was also ordered. Complimentary bread arrived shortly after we placed our order but I was disappointed the bread wasn't warm, and I had to ask for silverware. So, the steaks come out and mine is on the well done side and the ribeye is on the rare side so we sent them back. New steaks come out and mine is still not quite medium and neither is the ribeye, but at this point we were not going to risk sending them back again so we just ate what we could. The mac 'n cheese needed salt and the little bits of bacon were only found on the bottom and not throughout. My creamed spinach was nowhere near creamed--all they did was sauté some spinach and threw some bread crumbs on top and the portion was small. Best part of the meal was the strawberry lemonade and the seasoning on my steak. Wish there had been more of an attempt on behalf of Longhorn to satisfy us but it seemed like no one really was around to smooth things over so we just took this one on the chin.
Run....Run like the wind.... 
Enter at your own risk.,..

Ok, if the above was not enough to deter you from wasting your hard earned money at this poorly run franchise, submitted for your consideration is this account of my experience in the Longhorn Zone.

This has to be the poorest run Longhorn franchise in the country. The service was horrid, we literally had to wave our hands back and forth to get server's attention who was far too busy chatting with her friends, coworkers, going out for a smoke, then to actually serve our table. I asked for a soda and she went out to a cigarette before getting it!!! What server does that????  I really thought I was on the revival of Punked.

The food was also way off par from other Longhorns I have been to (which is saying something when most are 3 to 4 stars at best). I ordered my Ribeye med rare and I received it well done, and tough as shoe leather. When i pointed out that it was well done the server looked at it and said "well they cant un-cook it" and went off for another smoke. I would of called the manager over but my I was so frustrated I just waved my hand like I was landing a plane to get the server to give me a check so I could just leave and never return. It is the first time I ever left a tip of $0.00, even when the service is lousy I usually leave 5%, but this was beyond lousy, it is a new tier of poor service that I will now call The Longhorn Zone.
This place can not possibly be compared to Outback, Longhorn is terrific! Their entrees are consistently on point. Anything you get will most likely be delicious. I haven't tried their Sweet Tea though but I will definitely give it a try next time.

Edit December '07: I made a mistake and reviewed the wrong location, I actually reviewed the one in NE Philly which was good but this place is the pits the food and service were horrible. I sincerely hope that the one in the NE hasn't changed.
I don't know what happened since the last time I left my review but I had a bad experience at Longhorns last night! First our hostess had an attitude. She was not happy. She never greeted us and then when we asked to sit at one of the many empty booths she simply say NO! We pulled the customer card and got a booth which gave her a bigger attitude. So that was the first thing. Second thing was the food. Totally downhill. The brad is much smaller now. Like flatbread almost! I asked for my steak to be done medium well and not only was it well done it was super dry and chewy. Had to throw some A1 on that! The Mash was on point but I don't understand how I can cook a steak better than a steakhouse!!! And trust me I'm no Chef Ramsey. I was extremely disappointed as a customer and won't be returning anytime soon. 

Service was so bad I not only had to update my review, I had to reach out to their corporate office guest relations team. I would have had to wait for the manager and didn't have time for that. Shouldn't the manager walk around and ask how things are?? Even chick Fil a does that!!
My boyfriend and I went to LongHorns during the middle of the week because I didn't feel like cooking and overall it was "eh".  Our server was really nice and the place was clean and comfortable.  So here's what we thought about the food:

Bread Basket - Pretty good.  I know they were trying to copy Outback's bread but it tasted more like the honey oat bread you would get in the Cheesecake Factory bread basket - which is still good.

Friend Onions - again, trying to copy Outback's Bloomin' Onions and they were kind of close.  The sauce was good and had a solid "kick" to it but the onions were too heavily battered.  Also, it was loose pieces of onions (like french fries) which totally killed the presentation aspect.

Salads:  Our steaks came with either a house salad or caesar salad and we ordered one of each.  Both salad were OK, nothing special, but I must say they were VERY HEAVY on the dressing!  

Outlaw Ribeye - I ordered the ribeye steak and it was delish! The steak was cooked a perfect medium (like I ordered) and steak was hot and juicy.  The best part was that I could taste the char on the outside of my steak..really good!!

Porterhouse - My boyfriend got the porterhouse and it was a disappointment.  The size of the steak was impressive but it was cooked poorly.  It looked and tasted like the steak was boiled and then  thrown on the grill to get some marks.  Thank goodness my steak was huge enough for us to share.  We took his steak home and it was even worse the next day - 30% of the steak solid fat and grissle and just had to be thrown away.

Nothing special about this place and it's nothing you can't grill at home yourself.
My partner and I dined here twice recently. The first time was a very nice experience so that led us to want to go here again with our kids. What a mistake that was! Our server the first time was cordial and checked on us often. Our server the second time seemed to disappear for long periods of time. When I got home and slept, I woke up in the middle of the night to the worst case of nausea/vomiting and diarrhea imaginable. My five year old also had tummy trouble. How we can go from a very nice experience the first time to the horrors of food poisoning the second time is really unusual. Our experience was unacceptable. I would avoid this place at all costs. To the corporate people at Longhorn, you should check into this franchise.
My bf and I don't have the most expensive palettes, so if you're accustomed to having top-of-the-line prime steaks that'll set you back a mortgage payment or two, then this probably isn't the place for you.

We come here very hungry, and we leave full and fatigued. Everytime we go, once or twice a month, we usually only order steak b/c we figure the other stuff is relatively common at other restaurants and (hello?) it's a steakhouse. 

Salads are a hit-and-miss. Sometimes it's really fresh, and sometimes it's kind of old. The wait isn't bad and the service is usually prompt and friendly. We think the steak is great, especially with A1. Although I'm not sure where I heard this, if the steak was really great, it wouldn't need A1, but whatever. And would it hurt to leave the skin in the mashed potatoes? 

Great casual dining, and sometimes even better coupons if you sign up for it.
Most inconsistent chain restaurant ever. One meal was amazing, tasty entrees, nice staff, quick service.  So we come back with our family in tow. Rotten meat, bad service, rude wait staff. No thank you. Will never return. 
I understand mistakes happen, but correct them, do not stand there like I'm trying to pull a fast one when a steak smells like a dumpster in August.
Had a recent return visit to Longhorn Steak House. We certainly did not expect an Exotic Culinary Delight which reminded me of the old joke "Waiter what is that fly doing in my soup--Waiter answers The backstroke sir." 
While not a fly in the soup it was a grasshopper in the salad. A little protein accoutrement to get the gastric juices flowing. Considered a delicacy in some cuisines and a meal in survival training it is not a welcome sight in a restaurant, only a little better than finding half a grasshopper.

 Little did we know it was only the start to a very disappointing meal. 
 One steak was very overdone and one very underdone which was sent back. A piece of chicken blacken when it was not supposed to be. We did learn that another diner recently had a caterpillar in their salad.

The manager did comp the meal, least he could do. The waiter was great and handled it very professionally. 

Needless to say we will not return.

NOTE TO MANAGEMENT- CHANGE YOUR PRODUCE SUPPLIER
I don't give out 5 stars for ANYTHING!

However, if you add the food, our serivce and the waiter on Monday then it was great! great! great!

I have to admit I wasn't that impressed by the restuarant itself, but otherwise it was pretty cool.  

The ribs... (I didn't have) but they were awesome, extra tender, easy to bite into, and a lot of meat.  The portions of the food are great as well.  It doesn't seem like you get a lot, but you will pretty much be full or near full once finished.

We had a great waiter... Maria was her name.  She was very polite, outgoing, and fast service.  I swear she could almost read my thoughts, she is just that good. I'm telling you, I said to the people at my table, "I wish we had some bread", and 2 seconds (literally 2 seconds later), Maria puts bread and butter on the table.  Weird, crazy, and made us laugh, but she is good.

It's a nice place where I feel comfortable, and you can have a good time. Highly recommended.
If it's not because of my 82 year old uncle who likes LongHorn very much, I would never set foot in this place again.

I took him for lunch last weekend since it's his birthday. I think we were the only customers around since it was early (~12.30, yes we eat lunch early). Servers were quite slow and not very attentive. We didn't even get bread while other tables did later on! The food is typical and ok. But I just can't stand the customer service. We all know that it's Saturday, it's busy, so why don't staff your restaurant a little bit better (like you know, more wait staff?).
I like this steak house very nice and clean
The services is amazing fast  and the food taste really good I went there with my wife.
I am going again soon.
Went here Friday night and was pretty impressed. We were seated and our waiter came around to get our drink orders. I ordered a cherry coke which was drowning in grenadine, very tasty. For dinner, I ordered their Longhorn salmon dish, 7oz with a caeser salad and sauteed mushrooms. He got the renegade steak 8oz and apples. We got delicious bread and butter until our salads came. By the time I finished my salad, our food had arrived. I was full by that point but the salmon was SO good. It came with rice pilaf (great), a slice of lemon, and asparagus which I ignored. The sauteed mushrooms were oily to me and I thought it was gross. I'm not sure how they're supposed to taste but I probably won't order them again.

This restaurant is located in a strip mall near IKEA, Best Buy, Lowe's, among others. There is plenty of parking. Indoors, they have booths and tables and the usual cheesy western decor. Our waitress was great, she was friendly in a realistic way. I would come here again, I want to try their Firecracker chicken wrap appetizer and maybe have a steak.
First off great parking, the food was good, the service was very good.  The appetizer selection was great and unique. If you like BBQ you will like this place alot.
This place has so many bad review for a reason. We decided to try this location despite the negative reviews, but we will never go back to this Longhorn again. 

It took the server about 15 minutes to finally ask for our drinks. By that time we were also ready to order. Exactly 70 minutes has passed before our food finally came out (Family of 4). We were antsy at the first 20 minutes, but we thought since we waited this long, shouldn't take much longer, so we waited and waited.

The food was okay, but it was definitely not wish the wait. Was never asked for a refill on our drinks. I reckoned no one goes to this location!
I went to Longhorn with my boyfriend and his parents after a long day of moving to a new apartment and shopping.  We were seated at a table right by the kitchen (I hate this, so it probably brought my review down one additional star just because, although I realize someone needs to sit at these tables).  Our waitress was pleasant but slower than molasses, and it took forever for our drinks to come, and salads were served with no silverware on the table.  Silverware came 5 minutes later, and one set had a dirty napkin.  We were only two minutes into eating our salads when two entrees were brought out, followed by two more a few minutes later, followed by our waitress coming up to apologize they were brought out so quickly and asking us if we wanted to send them back to the kitchen.  

The food itself was good - the steaks were cooked just as we asked them, and they have a nice choice of sides.  I got the 7 oz filet cooked just to my liking, and it had a great flavor.  My boyfriend got the NY Strip Steak with a sweet potato (which he didn't love due to the "stringy texture").  It's nice that you get a salad and a side with the meal, and there is more than enough food.

Overall, had it not been for the service, Longhorn would have gotten a much better review.  All of the servers were more concerned with their personal dramas (we were in the middle of a tiff between two of the servers, complete with yelling), and everyone was generally distracted.  The Manager was visible; however, he spent half our meal standing behind us (by the kitchen), barking into his earpiece about who was supposed to be cleaning what table and "Where is Omar?!"  He did come around to all of the tables to introduce himself after the meal. 

I would bring Longhorn in under Outback for sure, but the food here was definitely a pleasant surprise.
Longhorn is the worst place to be when on a diet. 
However it is the best place to be when you are in a need for comfort food. I loved the chilli and the mashed potatoes here. The perfect combination for a defense againist the cold. 

My friend and I came here last night near starvation and frozen. We started off the hot buttery complimentary bread. Then off to warm chilli with huge hucks of beef. Then came the best thing to ever happened to me. My medium Sioux City steak came with a side of mashed potato dripping with melted butter and smokey bbq sauce. The steak was perfect with the perfect redness in the middle. The sauce is so great that my friend was dipping his steak into my dish. I loved the cook who cooked my dish. If I could, i could asked him to marry me and cooked this dish for me for the rest of my life.
Yes, yes, yes, there are soooooo many better places to dine in the city. However, people from the 'burbs tend to think chains are oh-so-good, which is how I landed myself at LongHorn. Service is not great if they're busy and the food...well, it leaves much to be desired.

However, if you must eat here, stick to the basics. I got a steak and asparagus and it was decent. The steak wasn't very flavorful, but it was tender. I tried to get plain carrots instead of having them glazed with sugar and butter, but apparently they are "pre-packaged." Ick. 

LongHorn is just what you'd expect - and nothing more.
By far this was the worst experiance at Longhorn. We called ahead but was told there was no wait. We arrive & waited 10 mins for others that just came. Since there were many uncleaned empty tables we were forced to sit RIGHT next to the bathroom even though we asked to move. We heard and SMELLed people do #2 during the entire dining. We ordered your best steaks but the T-bone was more like a L bone since it was ALL NY strip. The manager said that was normal. WHY CALL IT a T? Our server did not ONCE stop by other then to get our order which was dropped off my someone else, missing a beer, side, and salad. We flagged the poorly dressed manager to get our missing items. We attempted to tell him about the lack of waitress but he ended up servering us ourselves. We asked to order the volcano but after 10 mins the waitress came out and side it was too frozen to serve refused to bring offer the desert menu to order another. 

The whole place seemed unorganized.Will not RETURN ever to this South Philly location.

 
Please tell us what we could have done to improve your visit. 
 

Train the bus boys to do their jobs so we won't be forced to sit by the bathroom on a slow night in an empty resturant. Terminate our server or have the manager learn how to correct issues better. If it's not a Tbone steak don't serve us a NY Strip steak with a bone attached and call it a Tbone. If the manager sees the issue he should have fixed it.
Where do I even start. This has to be one of the worst experiences I've had at a restaurant!! The waitress had no idea what to do or what was going. 
First we ordered our drinks, appetizer and our children's food. When she brought our drinks she just put them on the table and left. She didn't ask of we wanted to order our dishes, just walked away. Then she brought out our appetizer and kids meals and again just turned arounded and walked away. After another 15 mins she finally comes and asks if we were ready. we ordered and I asked for a cup ice.
Now we have all this plates on our table, drinks are empty,  and she didn't come and check in on us. We had to put some of our used plates on the table next to us. Now it's like 45 mins after my child got their food and our food comes out. Our table is completely filled with used plates. She never brought my ice, no one asked if the could make room for us so we could enjoy our food. We literally had plates stacked up and nothing. 
I asked to speak to the manager and all of a sudden she comes with two drinks we didn't ask for and STILL DIDN'T CLEAN OUR TABLE. I spoke to the manager and said I was appalled that I was expected to eat like that and they could take the steak back. He was vey apologetic and took care of our bill. I will never ever be going back to that location. Dont waste your time!
In fairness, there was a sign posted over the wet floor that the floor may be wet. 
As well, I was contacted by a manager who wanted to address my concerns. He did not make attributions about what went wrong, or say that yes we should have received a filet instead of a smaller grisly segmented gut. He was gracious for the feedback though and shared that it would be addressed internally.
Oh, I really hate to give such a bad review esp when I had a good experience during an event that took place here, but it was a complete 360. The wait throughout the whole time was just Loooong (from the moment we stepped foot into the door till when we got our check). The food and the service was not good at all. I don't want to say too much bad about the service because I did notice another table really taking all of her attention away, and she was very appologetic, but it still doesn't excuse her from not giving any attention to any of her other tables.

Husband and I ordered an appetizer, 2 meals, and a kids meal. He also ordered a martini (which was a complete waste in my opinion...only half filled! It took him two sips and it was done. What a shame!) Anyway, the lobster and shrimp dip was not good at all. The cheese that was put into the dish did not compliment it. It also seemed like it was sitting in the back awhile bc the cheese and grease separated from one another.

I ordered flat iron steak with a stuffed portebella mushroom. Although it was decent at first, upon getting the the last quarter of the steak, it tasted as if that portion of the steal went bad! Is it possible to have half a steak be ok and the other half gone completely wrong? And, to make things worse, I upgraded my side to one of the signature sides. I ordered the potato and leek au gratin. It came out in a chaffing dish, but not even half full. It was less than a quarter to be exact. I wish I took a picture to show everyone how there was nothing in my dish. I basically just ate crust and no potato. Horrible!

I know it's a chain restaurant and all, so I shouldn't have expected such high expectation (which I didn't really) but this was just bad! I will not be going back and I do no recommend it to others either.
Come here about 6-7 times per year.  So when we didn't get the customary warm bread and butter, we asked the waiter if we were supposed to get bread.  He stated, "As I have told everyone else, bread is upon request only because we waste a lot of bread."  To that response I said ok, weren't aware of that change so we would like some bread please.  The bread never came.  As we watched the other wait staff attend tables, we noticed that all the tables were getting bread, and, they weren't having to "request" it.  When I ordered my usual entree, I was told "ok that comes with broccoli," even though the menu clearly says it comes with a "choice of side."

Overall, I won't hold this against Longhorn in general, but I most likely will not frequent this specific Longhorn going forward.
I had been craving some major meat being an extremely carnivorous creature, and we came upon this place unexpectedly, never had been there, so why not. The decor was as expected with a name like that, loved the beast head above the bar. Steak was juicy and delicious, just like me. The strawberry margarita was good, lil too much sour mix, just like my last marriage, but it is a chain....OH! Loaded baked potato is marvelous, who doesn't love a good bake. Im baked right now! But atleast you know im honest, because I have the munchies and I would totally go to Longhorne if it were not 2am. Anywho, I recommend it absolutely, dates, family, friends...good place.
Ever since they remodelled, it seems like the quality of their food has gone down considerably.  

The cook(s) seem to just not give a damn about the quality of food they're sending out.  Well done is either burnt, or not cooked long enough.  My fiancee ordered medium well, the cook burned one side, and just fliped the steak over, hoping no one would notice. 

Out of loyalty to the way it used to be, we've gone back on at least three occaisions.  EVERY time, food had to be sent back, and my family didn't get to eat together.

I wish it was good, like it was...


5/2013

I've still been coming to this location, and I must say that they've been constantly improving, and I will be going again...
What used to be a reliable although chain steakhouse has descended into cafeteria grade. Perhaps I was just unlucky that my strawberry salad had grapes on it. Perhaps  their customers love a gristly steak riddled with tendons & fatty deposits. If this was korean short ribs it could be great. But when its a filet, shouldn't it be a filet? I recognize that my literal interpretation of the menu have served me poorly in this instance. At least I could slide around the restroom from the urinal explosion.
I guess it was time for a reminder not to eat at chain restaurants like this. They can ruin a good night. 

My pregnant sister asked for her steak well done and it came out bleeding. The sweet potato tater tots tasted like candy. Just downright horrible.
One of the worst experiences I've had. We had a rather large group, but that's no excuse for poor service and ignorance.  Our waiter was okay, but the manager was terrible.  Cold food, missing orders . . . I will not be back here.  They only get one star from me because you have to give at least one.  Where's the no star button?
Standard steakhouse chain, I'd say.  I had a gift card, so I figured why not give it a try.

On a saturday evening, got seated immediately, and the server gave pretty decent service.  I got a filet, and I'd say it was up to par with steakhouse chain quality (cooked as much as I'd like, and tastey); got the mashed potato side, and they were actually very good (it's hard to mess up mashed potatoes, but they got a good butter & garlic thing going on).

I certainly enjoyed my meal, and it was only about $50 for two with drinks (which I figure is about average).  Given that there are probably easier places to get to in the city, I probably won't come back here, but if you've got reason to be in the area (or a gift certificate), it's worth a trip.
I'm usually very happy after I leave longhorn is the past but this experience was not that. Food took a very long to come out and the portion seem smaller than normal. I didn't received bread like usual with my meal, just everything was off. Will not go back to this location.
A decent chain steak house experience.

Stopped in with the family on saturday afternoon and it was good.

We were earlier in the day and we were able to get lunch sized portions which was a good value.   

My steak was cooked correctly and that is a bonus when you deal with chains!

The only issue I'd have to say and I can clearly see i'm not the only one is the waitress.

It was like her first day or something as she clearly could not get it right.   Is it really that hard for good service for a lunch at a chain steakhouse?

Apparently it is.
I had a friend who had wanted to go to Longhorn because of the closeness to the commute home. We stopped in and we're quickly seated. The waitress was awesome. That is about were the good review stops. We ordered the parmesan crusted asparagus which was okay but lacking a bit of flavor. The French onion soup followed suit. We both ordered a cesar salad and felt like we were eating a Dole bagged salad out of the local grocery store. The parmesan crusted chicken was moist but again lacked any true flavor and parts of the parmesan was over cooked so it held a burnt taste. The Pork chops that I ordered were a bit dry and again had zero flavor. The Mac and cheese was delicious and is the real reason I am giving the 2 stars.
Not the best steakhouse I've ever been to but they did cook the food right here so they deserve a star.  The staff was not very attentive and the meal came out all together even though they were instructed to bring out the appetizers first.  Also my refill for my meal came at the end when we got our check (not sure how that made sense bc my meal was over by then).  I also initially wanted the prime rib as my main course but they ran out of it.  It was worth a try but I won't be returning to long horn in the future, there are plenty of other steakhouses that have better quality meats and way better service.
If I could give negative stars I would.  I never even made it to a dining table because the manager was so rude and condescending I felt uncomfortable being in the building.  I cannot believe a restaurant has someone like him employed there. He would be better off applying his miserable, inhospitable attitude at the PPA.
Can yelp make an exception and give 0 stars? Pretty please? Yes it was that awful. I do not even know where to begin. My boyfriend's friend wanted steak for joe birthday so we decided to go to longhorn's since it was closeby. Boy was it a mistake. When the waitress seated us, she disappeared! We watched as a family ate and left! No bread or water! We all went to the bathroom and came back and still no waitress! We had to flag down another waiter to say that we are ready to place our orders. Finally our waitress reappeared with the bread which there were only 3 pieces for four people! And get this! IT WAS UNDERNEATH HER ARMPIT!!!!  we should have just got up and left but our bday boy wanted steak so we stayed. I ordered an entre which had mash potatoes but I specifically told the waitress no cheese no the mashed potato. When my meal came out guess what was on the potato? That's right- cheese. Never once did she came by to check how our meal was going which was a huge non no especially since there were steaks. You have to check to see if the customer likes how cooked it was. 2nd strike. She finally appeared after our meal was done and I informed her that I did not want the baked potato since I specially ordered it without cheese. Instead of apologizing and swing if there is something else I would like instead, she stated that was how I ordered it! She even went back into the kitchen to fetch the ticket to reach the order back to me! The entire table was appalled since they heard my order as well. This was the third strike and we asked for the manager.  To give you an idea as to how slow this waitress was, an entire set of two families had already sat down and ate their meals in the table next to us!  I do not have any qualms with the manager since he was apologetic and was appalled with the beginning of the story with the bread under the armpit. He comped the bday boy's steak and have each couple coupons for our next meal but let's just say we never returned. I do not think that I want to spend another 5 hours in an establishment for a waitress to tell me what I had ordered and for sweaty bread. No thank you! There are much better steak places in Philly that are more worth my time and money.
Very disappointed. Horrible service from our waitress who never introduced herself to us other than the fact that she was "over 50 years old". We had to wait 10-15 minutes to even get any drink orders in. 10-15 minutes to get our bread. 20 minutes for salad/15-25 minutes for our second bread.. while other tables got all their Food when they were seated after Us.

Had asked for drink without ice, yet received it with ice. Received a cold steak.. never checked up on our table when they went to another table 3 times. Yet asks us 

Our waitress was barely to be seen when looking for her. Based on this experience, I don't think I ever want to head back here.
During my experience at Longhorn my food was cold, shrimp were greasy, bread was hard. Also, the soup I ordered took so long to come out that I told the waiter I no longer wanted it. Soup is to be eaten prior to the meal coming out. The manager I guess couldn't understand why I no longer wanted the soup, after I informed her how soup is to be eaten she did inform me wouldn't charge me. I still did not eat the soup! The partnering manger later came out with a free appetizer coupon, as I read the fine print which stated "Offer not valid unless manager signature is present". Asking the waiter to have manager sign manager insisted it wasn't needed. I insisted that she sign it, her response was "No one reads these things". I feel this location needs to do better as far as management in reference to making sure all served food is hot, proper staffing. The restaurant was not crowded, so I wasn't understanding why the food was cold or why it took so long. While the free appetizer was appreciated, this was truly a unpleasant customer experience.
Huge disappointment having dinner at this restaurant. First the odor in the restaurant was very unappetizing. It hit us as soon as we walked in the door. Our server was not very efficient. It took her a long time to get to our table and it was not busy. We were her only table. She didn't bother to bring drink refills nor did she ask if we wanted them.  We had to find her to get refills. She seemed to spend most of the time in the kitchen. She had to be asked for things that should automatically be done and was not friendly at all.  Expressionless. She was working in slow motion and reverse. Other waitstaff seemed to be extremely pleasant and very efficient. We were sorry we didn't have them as our server.  The steak was not good at all which was a big let down for me. Very tough and dry. The burgers were okay. Nothing exciting but they were juicy. The salads were what you would get at Wendy's which is fine for a fast food chain but not what I call a good salad for a place like Longhorn. I spent a lot of money on a mediocre meal with very poor service. I won't return as it simply wasn't worth it.
It has been around 7 years since I've been to Longhorn and I have had nothing but pleasant memories from my initial visit. I have no clue what has changed in those 7 years but the effects are visible. First of all the place looked fantastic but upon further inspection there was a thick layer of dust covering some of the booth I was seated at. The server was prompt with the menus and our drink and appetizer orders. That is when it went absolutely downhill. To put in perspective, when I arrived there were probably about 10 customers at the restaurant and just as many waiters working. It took a whopping 25 minutes to get two soups and stuffed mushrooms out. Now I am being generous calling my French onion a soup. It was cold and the cheese had at this point formed a hard shell on top of a giant mass of broth saturated bread- which was in place of the soup. Got three spoonfuls of broth out of it at best. Rest of the appetizer was no better. I was not giving up on the place as I still had an entree coming. I had hope that I was going to receive the medium rare  burger I ordered (now 35 minutes ago) and be at the least content. Nope, wrong again. I sat there for about half an hour after finishing my appetizer, waiting for my entree. I felt forgotten. The server did not once come by to update me on the status of my medium rare burger. Who knows, maybe the chef had to butcher a cow and grind the meat in the back of the the building; Sadly I just wanted a burger. Following some patient waiting, I kindly expressed the fact that no burger takes an hour to cook and that I would like to pay and leave. I would expect more from a fully staffed restaurant. Two stars at best.
Would not visit again.
People...listen to the reviews. They will not stir you wrong. I didn't and I learned the hard way. I gave them at least a 3 because the wait time was good and my shrimp and lobster chowder was good, but my steak wasn't even average. I could have done a better job myself. It was super dry and I had to dress it up with steak sauce. Didn't meet my expectations that's for sure.
Reviewing based on a short stay on a tuesday night after shopping in the area. This is a steakhouse, right? As we came in and perused the menu, the waitress came by quickly and told us that unfortunately, 3 of the best cuts were all sold out, as well as the baked potatoes. While that was a bummer, at least there were other options, right?

We took another 4 minutes to make our final choices and as she came by the second time, I ordered again, only to be met with more disappointment. They were out of both the 12 and 16 oz of the cuts I wanted. The place was notably more than half full, but I was stunned that a place can run out of steak when that's what it's named after. I've never heard of Red Lobster running out of lobster. 

We took a few more minutes to contemplate what to do but ended up leaving. The waitress was super sweet about it and left us the bread to eat while we could wait a few minutes and go on our own time. The two stars are for the staff tonight-- overworked by the end of their shift, but understanding. Ended up cooking a porterhouse at my house for a 1/3 of the price anyway so it was a win win! Might come back someday when they have their stuff together, even just for the honey wheat bread and butter.
I was kind of mixed about what i would like to say about LongHorn Steakhouse. The first time I was at LongHorn I had just finished moving into the city and we stopped because LongHorn was close and I figured by the look it would be moderately priced. 

My first dining experience I got a mouth watering sandwich called parmesan crusted chicken. The sandwich was amazing and we had one of the best waitresses I've ever had. The waitress I am referring to never let our drinks reach empty before she was back with a new glass, she was also so polite and attentive that i left her a great tip.

My second dining experience at LongHong left something to be desired for me. I once again ordered the parmesan crusted chicken and it took quite awhile for our order to arrive. The fresh bread that we received was tiny compared to the previous evening, and our waitress made us wait 15 minutes to get refills because she was standing and talking to another table...I wasn't really satisfied at all. I might go back to LongHorn in the future, but I'd probably arequest teh better waitress.
Customer Service: The people are ok. Neither bad or good.

Presentation: Relatively clean. Long wait times. 

Price: The price can get up there. Dont expect to spend less then $50 for 2 esp with the tip. 

Food: Food wise, its ok. Its a chain restaurant so dont expect top of the line food. 

Me: It is a great place to have graduation and other ceremonial dinners. Very good for groups.
Always great food! Steaks cooked to perfection! Ashley G is one of the best servers I've had at any restaurant ever! Keep it up!
Always come here! You have to ask for Helene, best server in here. Helene and Vanessa are my favorites. They always know how to treat their guests right and make sure everyone is happy. WILL ALWAYS BE A REGULAR! Thank you for everything Helene! Always treat me like I'm family.
Today I ate at the Columbus Blvd location. It was around 2pm in the afternoon and not too busy. Our waiter was cordial. We waited sometime for our food, but were satisfied with its taste.

 I am writing this review not for the food but for an observation of the managers behavior. I am a person of color, and so was the manager. What disappointed me was the fact that he was certain to visit every table that sat non-Latino customers to check their experience. When he came to my table however (though cordial), he simply asks if he could take a plate sitting on the edge. He never asked about our experience. I guess our opinions meant nothing to him. 

Side note, I'm not a racially sensitive person in that I don't look for people to be racist or prejudice. If it happens ok but I'm not paranoid. It was clear where he wanted the approval. Smh! I probably won't return simply because when I eat out in restaurants, I go for the food as well as the experience. All currency is green. Every customer should be treated equal.
I came here because I had a $75 gift card for Olive Garden and I didn't feel like going to Olive Garden. 

Now, the meal wasn't terrible. It's just that under normal circumstances, I would be severely disappointed if I had spent $75 of my own money to feed my family and got what I got tonight.  

Basically, my wife's salad with grilled chicken for $14 severely lacked grilled chicken. My filet which I asked for medium was closest to well done. Nothing had a particularly memorable flavor.  

Also, I noticed that the table next to us had to send their food back because they were served mashed potatoes that were still frozen inside.  To the manager's credit they fixed it quickly.  

But it doesn't look good for them in the end.
I was indecisive one night about where to eat. Whether it be steak, Indian food, soho chicken, but I was really craving steak. Typically, I'd cook my own steak because it's usually a hit at my BBQ's, but I was so exhausted from work I wanted a pre-made meal. So, we decided to go to Longhorn for the first time. First, the waitress, very nice, forgot our drinks. We finally got it after 15 minutes of waiting. My "medium rare" steak was pretty much just rare, and without a steak knife, I felt like I was using the butter knife to the best of its abilities! I SAWED through the tough steak, and I didn't even finish it. It was only  a 6 oz, and normally I'd finish an 8-10 oz really quick if it was cook to my preference. Overall, I will never return here. Only reason it gets two stars is because our waitress was nice, although she didn't really know her menu. She even gave me the wrong dish which I forked into wrongfully until another waiter told me literally ,"That's not your dish." They probably need a better manager who have their staff in order.
Even though its a chain, decent place for a steak, and under $15 bucks.  Been here several times, the place fills up early with people that look and like they're straight from a Jerry Spinger show. Kind of fun. The steak is flavorful and cooked to order. Worth a trip.
I went to longhorn for lunch,  but was told they couldn't accommodate the needs of me and my wife. My wife wears a niqab and I asked if we could have a table where her back could face the other customers, so she could comfortably raise her niqab and eat. 
Initially the woman who was the hostess said something about there being limited seating. I said I would wait for a spot.  The manager who was in ear shot behind the hostess said something to her.  And the manager told us that we would have a table in a few minutes. We were asked to wait outside even though we were the only people to be seated, and no one else was at the door. ( windy and a bit chilly outside)  After we went outside and waited a few minutes we were called to our table. The table was actually a booth with someone's table just about arm width distance between their seat and our table. I could reach out and touch their seat if I was standing next to my booth. With two other table seated right besides that one. I then said to the hostess that I asked for a table where my wife can sit so she can raise her niqab to eat. She told me we don't have any seat like that. Now mind you there was almost no one there. (12pm Saturday ) Approximately 6-8 tables. And there was a corner tables that was  only 2 seats behind  another couple.  I asked to speak with the manager.  She left me for several minutes and then came back alone.  She started saying something and I said I need to speak with the manager.  She left in a huff and after a moment the manager came back. I said to her that I requested a table where my wife's back was facing the rest of the people so she could comfortably raise her niqab and eat. She said, I didn't hear that, now mind you she was standing directly behind the hostess. She told me she had limited seating and couldn't accommodate us. I said is this how you treat people with religious needs. 
She told me she treats everyone equally. I said how can you say you treat everyone equally when you can't accommodate the needs of your religious  patrons. At this point we left and as I was leaving I turned and said to the manager that due to your lack of equality and sensitivity to the needs of others, that  we won't be back.  

I just want to note , I feel that our  needs aren't perceived as  a priority  we could have  been accommodated. There was definitely enough room and places that  the manager  could have put us.  She just didn't want to do it, as a personal comfort to herself and her staff. The manager came out with the word "equally", which to me means my religious needs are as important as anyone else's needs, which they obviously weren't. I don't even know how she could have the  word "equally" come out of her mouth. I was quite upset with the way this was handled, where as even if after all that, and she had changed her mind and was suddenly able to accommodate us I wouldn't have been able to stay there due to the awkward setting that the manager placed us in. To me and my wife, we just perceive this as, it was meant to be.  That we didn't spend our money to support this establishment. But we felt the need to have our voice heard. 
This place is not ready to accept our Muslim population.  
But seriously here, Is this how the Longhorn franchise plans on treating its Muslim population?
The food was great.  Just what I have come to expect from a LongHorn Steakhouse.  However this location is in need of some service improvements.  I dined around 5pm and sat at the bar.  The bartender Nicki was so overwhelmed and did a great job.  But she really needed some additional help.  There were several unhappy people due to the shortage of staff in the bar area.  Sever people were complaining and a few tables even left.
One thing that I would suggest is to put a door in in the kitchen area.  I was able to hear all of the conversations and arguing in the kitchen.  At one point, one of the customers that was having an issue, walked right over into the kitchen to voice his complaints.  Also while sitting at the bar, I was able to hear a lot of commotion.
Like I said, good food, but a few changes would make this place much better.
