10/27/13 (according to my Excel spending spreadsheet)

Came here after attending an Eagles game (gawd-awful game BTW). Surprisingly really good, huge cheese slice! What makes it are the details (i.e. ingredients). The sweet tomato sauce contrasts well with all that savory cheese. The crust didn't taste like cardboard.

There weren't too many people there around 4 or 4:30pm on a Sunday. Maybe most were drinking away the Eagles losing to the lowly Giants. Plus they were down to using Matt Barkley as QB!

I paid the extra quarter for a box to carry the 2 slices to go, then walked down South Street all the way to the place I was CouchSurfing in Rittenhouse Square so I wouldn't feel so guilty about the calories.
I sometimes come here after work, it's the only place you can really get pizza after 2am and the slices are huge. There 2X the size of a normal pizza slice, also twice the price as well, so be prepared for a semi-expensive piece. But in conclusion its a good place to go late at night for pizza.
While my family and I were in Philadelphia we stop by for some local pizza at a few different spots in Philly. One day we went to Lorenzo and sons and got a few slices. This is very thin style pizza and cheese which is great my kids liked it I liked and wife liked it this is a solid slice solid pizza for sure
The first time I stumbled into Lorenzo & Sons I remember ordering 2 slices and tried to eat both, at once. I'm pretty sure that I poured every type of topping that they had available onto the top of one of the slices, then topped it with the second slice. I vaguely remember whether or not I finished the pizza sammich or not but I do remember waking up the next day without a hangover!!!  Coincidence you say... I think not! This Jawn is a Philly staple for the lunch, stroll south street, dinner and yes, the late night ~ maybe drunky pants crowd. 

These days I'm less likely to partake after hours, still likely to use all the toppings and hell yes getting two slices. At $4.00 a slice (tax included), it's a great deal. Get one on plates, yes plural, the slice requires several plates in order to securely hold it. The second slice goes in a box and on my way home I give it to a hungry person.  Thank you Lorenzo's for being a trusty go to when I'm in the area. You big as my head, saucy sweet, meaty cheese, Chewy doughed friend. You are uncomplicated. Bring cash- car change is fine, like I'm the only one that does that, C'mon who carries cash all the time
Just to put this pizza into perspective, a slice spans two paper plates lengthwise. Wowee that's some big pizza!! Even bigger is the pie itself- it looks like a pizza tablecloth that could cover a card table/breakfast nook table/dining table. I have never seen pizza like this before. In fact only one pizza fits on the pizza rack!

The tall tales unfold. This is the type of pizza you find at an East Coast boardwalk and by the beach? SMH Ooooookay! In any case, it's really a sight to be seen and is somewhat accompanied by looks of disbelief and desire. If you've never been to Lorenzo & Son before, you're in for a real treat.

And by treat I mean $3 worth of cheesiness and thin dough to quench your munchies and alcohol infested body. It tastes that much better during peak party hours. I dressed mine up with oregano, red pepper flakes, and parmesan cheese. I don't know what all the complaints are about. This is a simple pizza and really, it's part of the South Street experience rather than epicurean exploits.
 
The line is long and the service is quick. Get in, get out, get to the back where there is a standing room eating area. No pictures in the front. You gotta see it with your own eyes to believe it. Mmmmmm monster pizza!!!!

@      @

      O
In all my years of drunk eating, I had never been to Lorenzo's before Saturday.  After a long night out, our crew ordered a pie which, to my shock and drunken delight, was so large it required TWO boxes!  Noticing the condiments on the counter, I opened the top box and started liberally sprinkling the pie with... something.  We discovered soon after that the something was garlic powder.  Oops!  We enjoyed a very garlicky pizza that tasted like the food of the gods at the time, if a tad potent.  

Sober reflection tells me that the pizza was tasty but undercooked.  The one remaining slice in my fridge will be reheated in the oven for lunch today, providing some much-needed crunchiness.  It should be noted, this is probably the first time in history that I have ever had leftovers from late-night eating.  Lorenzo's, I salute you!
This is a soggy grossfest excuse for a slice of pizza. Alas, it's also my desperate late night default. Like sleeping with an ex, you always regret it after the fact.
I consider myself to be a pretty astute food critic, so why the four out of five stars for sloppy pizza? 

I believe in rating food based on its intentions and  Lorenzo's mission is to cater to the stumbling, occasionally belligerent, hordes of Old City and South Street, and myself having been a proud member of such hordes on many occasions, I can say I haven't enjoyed a slice that much since I was 10 years old and eating cold pizza watching Saturday morning cartoons.  

Anytime I've done my walk of drunken shame over to 3rd & South I've left satisfied. Anytime I've gotten my obligatory 2-slices-to-recovery cure anywhere else, I've been disappointed with dough that had clearly been pre-made and frozen, or cheese that managed to taste more like a pizza box than something that came from a cow. One thing you can't say about Lorenzo's is that their pizza isn't fresh. These guys slave away pounding and tossing dough right before your eyes. 

Maybe if I ordered a pie for dinner I'd have a different opinion of their pizza, but rating Lorenzo's through beer goggles--it's a winner. Maybe next time I'll get four slices. You should, too. Just don't ask for toppings on your slice or use flash photography. Unless you like getting yelled.
Service was actually ok. I mean, I was drunk and didn't even purchase my own slice so I don't really know what happened, truth be told. I covered the slice with garlic, oregano, red pepper and hot sauce. The pizza seemed less greasy than it had been, but it might have gotten soaked up in all the spices I doused it in. The taste? Decent.

The best? I hope to never see a day where I actually think this place is awesome like all you crazy fools out there. Was it okay? Eh, yeah. Is there better? On virtually every corner of this country.
This South Street staple is not only the cheesiest pizza in the city, but the cheesiest I've had anywhere!  That being said, it's the only type of pizza they sell, by the slice (gigantic) or whole pie.

Forget about toppings, forget about the sauce.  It's all about the ridiculous amount of cheese that makes the artery clogging induced ecstasy worth the just as ridiculous long wait in line.  3pm or 3am, expect to stand in line through the hole in the wall joint and snakes out on to South Street, especially on the weekends after the bars close, since they are one of the few eateries open to 4am that's not diner fare.

For health reasons alone I wouldn't make it a routine stop, but once in a while post bar grub run always makes for great eats.
Toppings? No!
Parmesan? No!
Credit Cards? No!
Taste? No!
Huge slices? No!
Friendly service? No!
Am I ever coming back? Fuck No!
This place has terrible service and pizza to match. They are RUDE and RACIST. (and NO, I DIDN'T imagine this!!!!) If you enjoy being disrespected... this is the place for you!

For starters, they have rude signs hanging up that discourage you from asking ANY KIND OF QUESTION!!!  Basically, they want you to pay and GET OUT!!!!  The cashiers are curt  (for no reason) and appear to have a real chip on their shoulders. I'm sorry, but I have a reaal problem with giving my money to a place that doesn't seem to appreciate or want my business. They have no customer service  or socialization skills and they SLAM your money down on the counter!!!  (instead of politely placing it in your hand, as is customary.)   If you want to piss me off QUICKLY, that's the way to do it!!

Granted, their slices are big, but who CARES???? So are their attitudes. These people are CAVE-MEN!!!!!   There are too many other restaurants on South Street!!  If you want good NY style pizza PLUS atmosphere, I'd recommend SOHO in Olde City over this dump!
Hands-down the most overrated pizza in the city. I lose respect every time anyone touts this place to be anything near-good. I used to go here quite frequently actually but that's when I realized it just wasn't good pizza.

Most Philadelphians honestly have no clue what the hell good pizza even looks or tastes like, so don't trust the locals on this one.

For almost the current price on a gallon of regular gasoline, you can purchase yourself a gigantic hot mess of slop. The crust is consistently sloppy and chewy, the cheese is over-abundant if you're into that sort of thing, and what little sauce there happens to be is void of any real saucy taste.

Also, if you get there at the right time you can experience the best, worst drunk crowd imaginable. Expect the service from the establishment to be pretty close to any "Soup Nazi" comparisons.

It's really not even worth it if you're drunk at 3am. Drunkenness lowers inhibitions, it shouldn't make crap like this taste that much better. Double up on your money and buy yourself a delicious falafel sandwich from Maoz on the other corner of 3rd & South or just walk down to Wawa for whatever your heart desires.
Ever wonder what it would be like to eat pizza on the set of a '70s porno flick?  At Lorenzo's, you can make that happen.

The best part about this place is not the pizza, but the mirrored "dining room" in the back.  Granted it's constantly littered with gnawed pizza crusts and used napkins, you can watch yourself munch from every, juicy angle.  Very sexy!

The employees, too, epitomize the true spirit of Philadelphia.  Want toppings on your slice?  Tough shit.  Trying to get a quick bite before you step out the door?  Get outta here!  This place has so much bittersweet character, how could you not love 'em?
Biggest pizza slices of life! I didn't even know how to hold it so I had to fold it in half to eat. Yea, I know I sound like a total fatty. Very interesting pizza place. If you order by the slice, you can only get cheese pizza. There's signs warning you to not even bother asking for toppings or parmesan. So east coast! While I'm usually not a fan of just cheese pizza, I thought this was pretty good and definitely filling! At $2.50 a slice, you can't really go wrong.

There's no seating in this joint. You can walk towards the back and stand in the fun house type room (there's mirrors on every wall!) to eat your slice there. 

You can also order by the pie for about 20 bucks.
Maybe it's the rainy weather or that I have to work a long day, but I'm just itching to leave a semi bad review. 
Whenever I see a place over-hyped like Lorezo & Sons, I use up a tiny portion of my tolerance for such BS.  So, maybe it's not just the weather, but perhaps Ive used up my recent supply of over-hype tolerance when walking past Geno's and Pat's steaks or other mediocre romanticized places that once were good but reputations allowed them to slump into mediocrity.

Their pizza is just OK.  It's not worth the hype. Gianfrancos in CC and Sout Philly, Rustica in N.libs, Taconelli's in Port Richmond, all are way better than this place.  I grew up in the far north east Philly area and let me just spell it out.  I've had ENOUGH floppy, tasteless, drippy pizza, thank you.  

Lorenzo's & Sons isn't the worst, mind you, but if it isn't obvious, isn't it possible the rave reviews are more a result of yelping patrons being less than sober?
My 6.5 year old kid and I popped in here on a dead Monday at about 5 PM.  Thankfully the place was nearly empty.  There are signs everywhere clearly stating their "Pizza Nazi" policies like, NO TOPPINGS, Cash Only, No restrooms and best opf all - box $0.25!  Wow.  I especially remember the sign "The customer is always WRONG".

Meanwhile the tatted-up, nose-ringed gal behind the counter was sweet as could be to my little one - who was the reason we got a $2.75 Ginormous piece of "Lorenzo's Oil" (Remember that movie?  They named it so for the pizza grease!).

She ate it at Supercuts next door.

She enoyed the pizza but said, "Mommy, it's not as good as the place I go to in Brooklyn!".

Out of the mouths of babes.
Who doesn't love a M.E.G.A pizza slice?
- Iconic and pretty famous pizza slice. 
- Rich tomatoey, slightly sweet sauce, cheesy cheese "slightly salty" pizza slice.
- $3.50 per pizza slice. (Extra $0.25 for takeout box)
- CASH only pizza slice. 
- Late-night (4 am) bar-crawlers pizza slice.

Great if you are drunk or starving.
Four Yelps for a drunk pizza slice.
6 years since my last review and I'll STILL vouch for this place - have yet to try a better pizza.  I actually only go here MAYBE once a year as a treat if I'm in the area cause I don't wanna ruin it by having too much of a good thing. Nothing has changed, from the softest yet sturdiest golden buttery AF crust to the sweet sauce to the perfectly melted cheese.  My mouth is watering thinking about it and it's only been 2 days since I've eaten it.  I'm honestly astounded at the just-average rating.  Newer setup is efficient, albeit still small and in-and-out, but who cares?  Come here on an empty stomach and hankering for pizza and you won't be disappointed.
Talk about entitlement... The staff gives you the feeling that you are lucky to even be in there and rush you right out. They fall into the same tourist-trap category as Pat's & Geno's.

I've been eating pizza from Lorenzo's for many years and the initial "wow" from the size of the slices wore off a while back.

Lorenzo's offers slices of PLAIN PIZZA ONLY. If you want a topping, you'll have to order a whole large pie. God forbid they threw some pepperoni on a slice and heated it up for an extra buck.

The pizza itself is decent, but nothing to get excited about aside from the size. Other than that, they offer some fountain sodas.

It's a cheap spot and easy way to fill your stomach, but the staff just isn't welcoming at all. Keep in mind that their slogan is "Where the customer is never right". No joke.
Overrated, soggy, and annoyingly sweet pizza, served under the creepy watch of larger-than-life Lorenzo himself, tackily painted on the wall behind you in what is best described as "Nouveau Middle School Mural" style.

But it certainly wins the award for Philly's biggest slice, if not its best.

When you grow up in Brooklyn you come away with high standards for certain "low" foods: Knishes, pastrami, bagels... and pizza!  And when I say "high standards" I mean strict definitions of right and wrong... of *ACTUAL*.  Lorenzo's slices are not the real deal.

Analogous to the Philadelphian transplanted to New York, on a permanent, quixotic quest for an ACTUAL cheesesteak, I (Brooklynite transplanted to Philly) continue my search for a real slice in Philly.

Advice:  Go to Lorenzo's (remember that this review is for "Lorenzo & Sons", an unrelated establishment) at 9th & Christian, top of the Italian Market.  Smaller slices, but half the price and much more authentic.
What the heck Lorenzo's??? I thought it was just coincidental but now I realize it's not... This is the THIRD time since you've reopened that I have gotten SO SICK from your pizza. It's day three now. I am still sick. What is in your pizza? Is your cheese made out of rubber now? My stomach seems to think so. Bring the old recipe back!!!
Lorenzo's pretty much epitomizes Philadelphia's attitude.  They make their own rules, and pass over you if you break them.  Do not request toppings (they only do toppings for whole pies), or anything else for that matter.  The only thing you will get is your slice, usually undercooked, and your drink.

Good for a quick bite if you are shopping (god knows why) on South Street, or if you happen to be drunk at 3am.  That said, the after-bar riff raff tends to get a little rough.
Even for a post-binge grease grab this place is a disappointment. They clearly realize their location is all that is required to do good business and so they spend zero effort on the pizza. It's way too greasy and has no flavor. Even for a grab-and-go it's a bit unkempt.
Small joint, strict rules, but this pizza is really good.  You get a big slice that doesn't even fit on the plate.  I don't know if this is the best pizza in the city, but it is a very good slice.
Do you want mofos staring you in the face while you gobble down one of these caricature sized slices? I didn't think so. The 2 plates are nonsense given they increased the size. They'd do better to get some sort of heavy duty paper and just wrap it like a cone. Now I knew the pizza was kinda bland before... but it's bland for real now. For real for real. Blandissimo! And I think their whole schtick now is not baking the pizza all the way. Who does that? This is supposed to be a comeback!

And why is the counter high as a church fence? It's not me I'm worried about. It's the kids. Somebody with fast hands can clean up in here (read: pickpocket).
Some of the best pizza in Philly. Slices that are bigger than your face.

Cash only.
 
Have your money ready.

No toppings on single slices.

Order and keep it moving. (Pretty much the Philly attitude)

If you are going to walk and eat, get something to drink after you finish your slice.( It can be troublesome holding a beverage while eating a slice from Lorenzo's)
So I enjoyed my giant piece of pizza, to the tune of a very reasonable $2.75. It was cheesy, the crust was crispy, the sauce had presence - sauce is the most important element of a slice. I HATE a dry slice.  Way to go Lorenzo's. 

It wasn't what I expected. I expected something thick and saucy and cheesy and massive. Instead, it was an albiet large, but pretty normal looking piece of pizza. Flat. But once I started eating it, I was pleasantly surprised.

Also, it was portable. I ate it while driving. Dig it.
Great place for a quick bite of pizza. Prices are rising, though. A slice will be $3.00 starting the month of December.

If you are getting slices, they are only available in plain cheese, no toppings! However, if you order a pie... ask for whatever toppings you like. 

Slices are definitely generous, however taste can be inconsistent. Some days, I would get them freshly made and think.. "damn, this is some bangin pizza!"...and on other days, I would get slices that have been sitting out for a bit and think.. "ehhh... not so great" Either way, I'd lather on the oregano, red pepper flakes, black pepper, cheese and get my grub on.

I would give it four stars, but I have to subtract one due to inconsistency in taste.
Don't you feel extra hungry after a few alcoholic beverages; like you can demolish 2 cheesesteaks or a whole pizza pie? This is the place to go! Their pizza by the slice is the size of a infant. 

Proceed with caution! If the pizza just came out of the oven, the yummy, gooey cheese WILL burn the roof of your mouth. But then you'll bite into a thin, crunchy crust and everything will be ok.

Very good late night eats, if you're in the area. If you're not, catch a cab!
I love Lorenzos, so I'm surprised I have not written a review for them.    
When it is late night, I could wait in line because I know the pizza will be fresh because of the amount of people.  However, if I go there during the day the pizza has that reheated taste.  Sure it's great not to wait in line, but unless it is fresh, it's not worth the $4.  Yes, it is now $4.  I feel old in saying I remember when it was $1, but it was also not as large as it is now.  Overall, I do crave it and it is one of my favorite pizza places.
Questions: 
1) why is it so unusually sweet and greasy? 
2) why did i eat this huge slice of a mess? 
3) why didn't i just stumble a couple steps more to get steaks at SOS? 

Answers: 
1) only Lorenzo and son know. 
2) so i had a couple drinks earlier that night... 
3) see the answer above. +2 more drinks. *shrugs*
It's window service only.  Huge Pizza.  Tastes like home - NEW YORK PIZZA!  Just loved it.  But pay for parking because the parking police comes often!  

If you buy a slice it's huge and if you want a box to carry it in, it's an extra 50 cents.  But you can get a brown bag for free.  

The slice was sooooo good.  We only got a light dusting of garlic powder and it was a perfect compliment.  Soooo good.  I am not sure where I would put a whole pie!!  But it was tempting to buy the whole thing! 

It's $5 for a large slice (about the size of two slices at other places) and it sat with me very well (I didn't get ill from it - as sometimes I am sensitive to low quality products).  This was good, and I would definitely recommend!
The best $3 (or $6 if you're a fat kid like me) you'll ever spend at 2 am on a Saturday night.  Nothing washes down regret and poor decisions like a triangle of melty, cheesy goodness the size of your torso.

Confession: sometimes I drink just to justify a late night Lorenzo's purchase.
Based on the other reviews it seems the best way to have this pizza is when you're drunk. Next time I should down a case of beer before trying this pizza again. It's mostly greasy cheese on top of a thin really doughy crust. I couldn't even taste any sauce. Did it even have sauce? I have no idea.

Note: This is based on having the pizza at the Wells Fargo Center; don't know if it tastes different at the original local.
This is not the best pizza in the world, but damn does it hit the spot when you want it.

HUGE (i mean, big, see picture to view scale) slice for $4. $4.50 if you ask for it in a box. Line can get long but it moves super fast. No toppings for slices, either. If hungry, I can eat one slice on my own. If not that hungry, I usually share with a friend or two.

Super thin dough, but the sauce is nice and sweet and the cheese is hot and plentiful. They have parm, red peppers, and oregano to add. Standing room only if you can squeeze yourself in but the turnaround for people to eat and leave is rather quick.
A fire distroys a restaurant- it's a story we're all fairly acquainted with.... and a fishy one at that.  I mean sure, restaurants have all sorts of fire hazzards, but the biggest in my opinion is the owner.  When I heard Lorenzos burned to the ground earlier this year, my knee jerk reaction was that the owner had 'had it'... and I was devistated that I'd never be able to say a fair goodbye to the cheezy no-frills XL slice of deliciousness that had sustained me through many of drunk college nights and pre-sporting-event drive-bys.  

ALAS- I went on Saturday night for my Welcome Back Lorenzo's late night drunk slice.  I got there around 1:45a... just in time for mayhem.  I waited in line, turned the corner, and got my first glimpse of the new digs- it's awful.  It was never a nice sight prior to the fire... but at least it wasn't trying.  Now, it IS trying... and it looks like New York.  Pre--fire Lorenzos had a little area in the back where you could put a plate and a drink down, and stand to eat your pie.  Nothing fancy... but it got the job done.  Post fire Lorenzos built the same little area out of marble/granite (drunk?) in the front of the store.  Meh... What happened to my crappy pizza?

I kept an opened mind, and ordered 2 slices in a box... 1 for me, 1 for the boyfriend.  Total = $6.25!!!!!  That's $3/ slice + $.25 for the box  OK people I understand that the slices are huge... and that the pizza is delicious, but in college less than 10 years ago, I was paying $1/slice... then $1.25... so we're talking about a 140% cost increase!  When this happened to the cost of a gallon of gas, people were OUTRAGED!   The cost went all the way up to $2.25 before the fire.  The original increases was due to some tough econamic times... cheese and flour were more expensive... but now we're almost back to normal... yet the price continues to increase.  

And that would be ok if the pizza was as-good post fire as it was pre-fire.  It's close... but somethign was missing... the grit... the rudeness... the sense of joy when you got a huge-mungo slice, or the sense of reality when you got one of the smaller slices of the pie... the ever-changing staffers behind the counter taking on the crowd... 

Lorenzo's is back... that's the good news.  The bad news is its sort of like a former fat-kid that lost a lot of weight- its got a fancy new facade, and a cockey confidence that makes it kind of a dick.  I'll still swing by for the late night drunken slice, but the spot it had in my heart is narrowing...
"Want me to get a pizza or something?"

"Pizza sounds good."

"Lorenzo's cool? I know it's not your  fav but it's on the way."

"Seriously? Fail."

"Well, I can't think of anything else on South St. You're the foodie. Tell me where to go."

I should have suggested something else.

Clearly haven't had Lorenzo's in a while and it's still the worst shit awful excuse for pizza ever. I don't even know why I decided to give this place a second shot. We had a whole pie of sausage.

It's the same as their terrible doughy, tasteless cheese, awkwardly sweet plain slices topped with sporadic slices of bland Italian sausage.

Don't waste minutes of your life by even waiting in this line.
This was my favorite slice in the world before I moved to Brooklyn and is still worth five stars. 

This is a place where you grab a slice (no toppings) or order a whole pie to go.  Perfect for when you are drunk with ears buzzing after seeing a show at the TLA.

This place has a cult-like following that almost reaches the level of Pat's and has a much more convenient location.  When you are visiting Philly top of your South Street bar crawl with a slice here and if you live in Philly and haven't been here then you probably hate it because it's great (get a life)
Been in Philly my whole life, and was only just introduced to Lorenzo's pizza a couple months ago. Didn't know what I was missing out on...

Their pizza is awesome!!! Slices are huge, but like my sister always says, "I don't share my Lorenzo's." Whether you share or not, make it a point to get a slice when you're down on South Street. Actually make it a point to go to South Street so you can get some Lorenzo's.
Oh the memories of being an underage highschooler hanging out on South Street. I suddenly realized I hadn't been back to Lorenzo's since leaving Philly for college, and quickly had a craving for a slice.

The size-of-a-small-child slices did not disappoint. Maybe it's the sauce, or the dough? Whatever it is, it's yummy. I don't remember it being quite as soup-nazi-esque, but was thoroughly amused waiting in line and reading the various signs: "Toppings, don't even think about it" "A cup of ice costs the same $1.75 as a soda" "Boxes 25 cents extra!"
Late night review alert! I may go back to Lorenzo's and do an update based on a regular visit, but then again, what fun would that be? 

Sometime after 2am before 3am this past Wednesday night, my group came in for a much needed late night slice. Being hungry from a night of drinking and fun, the pizza (that needed to be carried on two plates) did the trick. It came out of the oven piping hot and we were able to play fun seasoning games. There were a ton of seasonings and who really cares how much garlic you put on a pie when it's that late at night (and your spouse adds the same amount). 

Since it was so late on a Wednesday night, we didn't deal with much of a wait at all. Plus there was a ton of empty space in the restaurant to stand around and eat. 

I'm not sure who paid or how much it was, but I had delicious pizza. 

I know this isn't the most informative review in the world. Just keep in mind that you can't get much better than Lorenzo's for your late-night, post-bar, South Street pizza eating needs.
I'm a veteran of Lorenzo's from way back when I used to hang out on South Street more regularly in my youth.  I'm talking 18 years ago here.  I've made various pilgrimages here over the years since.  

I hadn't been back in many years, and certainly hadn't been back since the fire and the reopening.  Today was my first time setting foot in here in years.  It looks impressive inside now, although it doesn't have the character it used to have.  

Now, I had to confirm this by looking at pictures here from several years ago.  The slice I got today was bigger than I even remember it being,  From the looks of the pictures here several years back, and the ones I got today, I think they're definitely bigger.  

Taste wise, Lorenzo's has always been pretty basic, which is to say pretty good.  They don't try to do anything fancy.  They just give you a nice big slice that tastes good.  

I've had better pizza in Philly before, but $3 for the slice this big is the best value in the city I've seen.  If there is one better, let me know.  

I'm still a Lorenzo's fan.  I always will be.
1/29/12 was the first time I came here. From what I remember about this place, the registers were up front and you ordered and then you walked all the way to the back and eat while standing. It's mostly cheese pizza, no other toppings. From what I heard, there's toppings done on pizzas on Tuesdays. I don't mind cheese pizza, I like it but I'm so used to toppings on my pizza. Service is good as usual, they did rebuild this place since it caught on fire and I think that was 3 years ago. Everything is all up front, there's no seating, no walking to the back, you just stand at a table and eat while you watch TV.
A pretty much famous South St. pizza joint known for their $4 huge of slices and add another .50 if you want a box for that slice! It's not the greatest pizza around but it's good and it hits the spot during a late night of drinking or just a case of the pizza munchies! A whole plain pie will run you $28 and you better have a truck, hatchback, or empty trunk to get it home! Good for late night snacking til 3am so check it out if you've never been and you like to try different pizza spots.
I definitely had better pizza but you can't beat this at 3am...Thin crust, a bit chewy, but it's HUGE. The price is reasonable at $4 per slice!
This place makes me sad. It has the potential and perhaps the history to make it a landmark of the Philadelphia culinary scene. But it has wronged me so many times with undercooked doughy slices that i have to knock it down two stars and then add another one for being open mad late. It is perfect in so many ways for a late night pizza joint. Quick unfriendly service. No toppings, just a fast slice of pizza to eat on the fly. I love that. And when Lorenzo's is on point, it is one of the best and only classic elephant ear slices in the city. But in order to get a slice of pizza there that represents the full nature of their talents, you need to get a slice at 3 in the afternoon, when they actually bother to cook the pizza. If you are in line at 2:15 with all the other drunk dillholes, you should expect a laughably undercooked slice that when eaten tastes more like a pizza burrito than anything else. And that's just because they know you're drunk and that you probably won't notice or care what you eat. So before you judge this place's pizza, you should hit it up during the off-peak hours, but any criticism anyone gives of this place is well deserved, cause they don't respect their own reputation. I remain a stubborn fan, but they have seriously gone downhill of late.
Oh what to say about Lorenzo's.... I dream of Lorenzo's. 

After moving out of my beloved Philadelphia. I make SURE to go to Lorenzo's when I am home. 

Tips.

Don't ask them stupid questions like, do you have toppings? is there a bathroom? do you have parmesan cheese? Cause the answer will be NO! (read the signs people~) Actually they're not that rude. Just order your slice, drink, sprinkle some garlic powder, hot pepper flakes and be on your way. I have never gotten bad service from them.. cause really it takes you less than a minute to order. Although my main man with the fabulous hair always treats me well. Haha.. gonna ask what his name is next time. I'll give him a shout out. 

I like that they have a sink in the back for you to wash your hands. 

They have a mirrored room in the back, which they recently renovated so it looks nice and fresh. Yes, mirrors so you can watch yourself inhale that delicious slice of heaven.
I really used to love Lorenzo's when I first moved here. I would walk from Drexel's campus to South Street just to come here. They had a nice balance of ingredients and it was dirt cheap.

Since the back was renovated (it looks like there should be a stripper pole in there with all those mirrors), the pizza has not been as good. The times I have eaten it since then it has been either undercooked or too greasy. I will probably give it one more try before writing it off.
Not complaining. Not one bit. $9.50 for a simple 2 slices and a Pepsi. Sure the price sounds odd for 2 slices but considering the fact two slices equals literally half a box it's all good in the neighborhood. I liked it. A ton. Love east coast pizza. But maybe I'm being so generous since I just came back from Alaska where good pizza is nonexistent. Oh well I enjoyed it (-:
Bad lighting , shady looking , no its not a peep show place but looks like The Ramones and The Pistols thrashed this place, The Staff are a little bit of a snob, especially on a busy day. The Place is so small , They only do cash and  not much of a choice on their menu, wait ...is that the menu the one overhead... looks like they got it from the late 70's and never bothered updating.  I kid you not if you are looking for a plain Cheese Huge Slice East Coast Style Pizza you have found it here at Lorenzo and Son. Where Punk Rock meets Grunge meets Glam Rock but as soon as you eat the pizza no matter how icky the walls and the mirror glass is ....you will feel Nirvana.  Lorenzo & Son Pizza joint ...They dont give a crap what you say  or boo about their service and the place ..just shove the pie or take the box and leave...and trust me you will be back  end of story..Its like Chase Utley ,Pizza with the Attitude when needed....Boo? ..**** ..You!!
OMG! On the scale of 1-10 in size this pizza is a 10.8!! I literally couldn't even finish all the pizza if I had another stomach! 
But it's Philly for you Big, Bold, and Overwhelming!! I love this pizza it's reminds me of the late nights I spent on south street as a kid when all I had was a few dollars left at the end of the night!!  We would always go to Lorenzo's for a slice! The price has gone up dramatically from 10 years ago, but it's bigger than a little ceasars pizza that you probably shell out 5 bucks for and you get much better ingredients to boot! I wouldn't touch a little Caesars pizza if it was free!! But Lorenzo's has my vote all day and night!!! The crust is thin, the sauce is semi sweet, and the cheese is oozing everywhere!! If you are in Philly do yourself a favor and grab a $4 slice!!
Addicting. Greasy. Cheesy. Cheap. Drunk Food.
Wow - the worst slice of pizza I've had anywhere, ever. Sure the slices are huge, but who wants a huge slice of bad? Thick, goughy crust. Tomato sauce was very sweet, almost sickenly sweet. There was not a thing I could recommend about this pizza. It wasn't crispy, warm, or even flavorful. It was everything I wouldn't want in pizza - cold, greasy, doughy, sweet - yuch.

No choice of toppings on a slice - just cheese. Really? You have slices, but not a single topping? Even on South Street you can do so much better than this. Epically bad.
This. Is. My. Spot. I'm a Philly native so I've been hitting up Lorenzo's since I've been drinking hugs. If you've never been there's some rules to abide by: pizza slices are a flat price so don't be asking for nothing else, toppings for a slice? don't be asking for that either cause it's only cheese slices, want a box to put your slice in? pay 50 cents, cash only, get in...get yo pizza and roll O U T. Simple lol. Their pizza has always been grade A in my book, it's got a little hint of sweet to it, their dough is amazing, and the slices are bigger than my whole face. Even through the years (and a fire) their slices are still gooooood.
I just can't bring myself to giving this pizza parlor 5 stars. After a night out on the town, and a few dirty vodka martinis, a slice of Lorenzo's pizza was just what the doctor ordered. It was truly magic to my taste buds.

Yet for an east coaster-turned Cali girl, my first slice of pizza on my visit back east was not quite the greasy, thin-crusted with crust bubbly goodness that I expect of a tri-state area slice. So in that sense, I was disappointed.

The slices are big and the sauce is sweet. Good location, nice people who work there. Just got a cheese slice so can't judge other kinds. Overall, 4 stars.
Blah blah blah.  This pizza is lame.  The staff has all the personality of a damp, gray sweatsock.  I actually wish they WOULD be dicks to me.  At least that would make it a bit more interesting.  Also, I'm not that hot on checking myself out while I shovel a greasebomb into my pie hole.  Not a good look.  

This pizza is exactly what you deserve if you are hanging out drunk on South Street at 2 AM.
I'm from New York and some what of a pizza fiend, so maybe I'm just biased to our brand of pizza by the slice. Lorenzo's closest comparison in New York would probably be Koronet Pizza (by Columbia). Big cheese slices served one at a time to a revolving door of penny pinching patrons (like that alliteration?). 

Service was brusque and seemed a bit impatient, which is probably reasonable given how quickly lines can form. Charging for boxes and cups of water and various passive aggressive notes (PLEASEEE take one napkin at a time) don't help the vibe. 

The slice itself is decent, but generally unspectacular. My main gripe is that the cheese they use seems to solidify a bit too quickly upon cooling off and, since they don't offer boxes unless you pay, your slice will cool off.
How much you enjoy Lorenzo's is directly linked to how drunk you happen to be at that time...blackout drunk, and its the best place on earth. Sober, and you question why you are even alive. Since I'm never in the neighborhood even a little sober, it gets 3 stars.
I actually really really love Lorenzo's pizza and have found my self waiting in their ridiculous 3am line many, many times.  My more sober moments at Lorenzo's, however, have been less enjoyable.
It really makes me mad that they think/know they're the best, so they have the place decorated like jerks.

Toppings?  NO
Napkins?  NO
Water?  NO
Courtesy?  DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT

Anyone's who's worked retail knows how much it sucks to be asked the same questions over and over, so... I get it.  They're being minimal, but there's no need to throw it in our faces.   I have stopped going to Lorenzo's on principle.  Lickety Split is a block away and it's ALMOST as good.  

My Patronage?  NO 
My Apologies?  NO
Good Review on Yelp?  DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT
Best fold it pizza in Philly!!! No topping on slices. The pies are huge! 
Cash only. $3 per slice. 25 cents for a box. You can't go wrong. Quick and easy and frickin' delicious! 
Lorenzo's...where the customer is always wrong! LOL gotta love it! 

oh and they have no seating. So if you want to eat in... I can't say that would be a pleasurable experience. Standing up in a room full of mirrors, watching yourself eat... Just eat and walk to your next destination. HA!
When I lived on South St this was my go-to quick and highly economical dinner.  It has now become the place that we have to take my fiance's son every time he visits, and the place we will stumble to after a night at Fluid.  It is what it is:  a huge slice of cheap pizza that tastes good.  You don't need toppings, just extra napkins while you scarf it down before grabbing a cab home.
Place was just okay. I stopped in for a slice on Saturday. There was no line which was nice, and my slice was ready in mere minutes. But they didn't ask if I wanted it to go or stay. 

I don't really know what all the fuss is about. I guess it's more the fact that it's a Philly landmark and the sheer size of the slices than the actual quality of the pizza. Crust was nice, but cheese to sauce ratio wasn't very good, too much cheese and not enough sauce. It was good to try it, but I certainly wouldn't wait in line for it.
Lorenzo puts the OVER in OVERRATED, because I thought by now most people would be as over it as I was after my first slice.

Don't get me wrong, the pizza is fine... if you enjoy chewy-ass crusts and bendy-ass slices. And the sauce almost gave me diabetes.

GOOD FOR:
*drunk people... the slices are huge
*people who are okay with waiting in half hour lines
*people who think this is what good pizza looks/tastes like
*people who don't mind intentionally rude workers (I never understood this phenomenon)

BAD FOR:
*pizza aficionados
*locals
*people who enjoy a good slice
*credit cards: they only accept cash

The only times it is cool to eat here in my books is when you are very wasted and it is nearby/the only place open, or when you are a tourist or new to the area, just so you can say you ate at Lorenzo's.
I have been coming here for almost 20 yrs! When they burned down I was truly sadden...opening day my family was back for our Biggest Slice of Pizza in Philly. On this day of August 6th 2018 I will NEVER patranized this business again, and neither will my family or followers. My spouse bought 2 slices and brought them to the car in the rain. I took 2 bites out of my slice and noticed a black oval shaped something on the upper part of my slice. I picked it up and it looked like MOUSE POOP. We took the slice back I spoke in a low tone and asked the guy does that look like MOUSE POOP? He responded "ONCE YOU LEAVE THE GLASS, IT'S ON YOUR ASS I'M NOT GIVING YOU NO FREE SLICE!" I said "It's not free I paid for it I just want your opinion and a clean slice like I always get." His response "you could be a poor person that bummed $4 to get a slice now you just want to complain, If you got it buy another one or GO THE F (FULL WORD) HEAD!" I said "you're right toss that for me please, have a good one"
This has been my favorite pizza place for years, my cousin introduced me to it back when she lived in Philly & ever since, I have to get it every time I'm there.

Sadly, when I was there this past weekend it really wasn't as good as I remember. I can't imagine that they would've changed the recipe, maybe my taste buds have evolved. I still liked it and ate the whole slice though. :P

I like their rules, as it makes it fast & efficient. Anyone who complains about cash only is silly...  I guess it's inconvenient if you're getting a whole pie, but it's a hole in the wall local spot & slices are less than three bucks, get over it!
I think if I were a homeless person with spare change, a growling tummy, and a slight bit of ongoing tipsy-ness, I'd go to Lorenzo's every day. You get a massively large slice of pizza for only 2 bucks. I don't think you can get them that big anywhere else...  (that's what she said)

Sure, it offers little to no (perhaps even negative) nutritional value and you can't even THINK about ordering any toppings and you should probably (definitely) get two or three paper plates with your slice since the grease will soak through immediately....    so why do I find myself going back? It doesn't even really taste like pizza, now that I think about it... it's definitely Lorenzo's...  kind of sweet and ultra cheesy and makes me crave a shower afterwards. 

Every time I go, generally after leaving a bar late at night, I give myself a little pep talk....     'this time!! this time you will actually finish TWO slices. you're definitely hungry enough!".......    inevitably followed by failure.
If you're ever on South St and you need some late night pizza... THIS IS THE PLACE!! 

It's a small establishment so the idea is that go in one door and you go out the other. There's a small standing area if you want to eat your pizza quickly before heading to a local bar, but most of the locals grab a box and chill out on any available stoop on the street. 

It's cash only and cheese slices only, with the exception of Toppings Tuesdays. At $3.50/slice you will get your monies worth! On another visit to Philly, I will DEFINITELY try them again.
This place is overrated!!! If u enjoy quantity over quality knock yourselves out. U get a huge slice for 3 bucks and a 25 cent box after an extremely long line totally not worth it. Before they burnt down I had no problem coming to Lorenzo s at any given time for a slice but, since the re open they are terrible. Thick tasteless cheese and veryyy light sauce and very doughy, I've had better pizza pretzels than this crap. Be sure to grab a drink or you'll choke to death. Ps it's cash only n 2014 lol smh if you're looking for a good south st grub try ishkabibles hell even south st diner or wawa. Btw the staff are horrific they have this where the it spot so I can treat anyone how I want, I work hard for all my pennies I don't appreciate that. One night I stopped n before closing during the week when it was cold out, there was no line or anyone in there.  The pizza maker was obviously a lil tipsy he kept laughing with his eyes semi closed and he was just running his fingers thru the damn cheese and his elbow even dipped in a few times. I walked out before she boxed my pizza and never returned yuck!
This is some of the most flavorless pizza I hav ever tasted in my entire life. I have no idea why people think this place is any good at all, much less why it gets raved about so much. It's really not much more than a step above simply pouring tomato sauce on a piece of bread and topping it with cheap mozzarella cheese. 

Pizza is supposed to be more than the sum of its parts - yes it is a simple food, but when done properly it explodes with flavor. Lorenzo has zero flavor. If only someone else would come along, open a pizza shop that offers flavor, and stay open late...I would be a very happy person.
I try and live by the philosophy of why be a dick when you can be nice...the people at Lorenzo and son full heatedly disagree....but they do have a slightly greasy, but ok plain slice and sized appropriately for me.  Stick to the plain the toppings are not worth the extra time/money and side of murder stare you will get from the staff if you order anything else. Recently told you should wrap a slice of Lorenzo around a Jim's cheesesteak- well at least I know what I will be having for brunch this Sat.
Went there a few days ago after the reopening and was glad that they still got the great pizza we all know and love. 

I really think they shot themselves in the foot though with the redesign of the place. Firstly, no fountain sodas? seriously? I guess all the other high volume places are doing it all wrong then. truthfully though.. bottles need to be carried, stored, take time to chill, and in my opinion, taste inferior. Secondly, maybe I was in on an off night, but the old setup could process about 2 customers a minute..  sometimes more depending on the staff. On the night I went, it was over 2-3 MINUTES per person..  there were people waiting in the tiny 6-7 person line for over 10 min..  that won't work here. The layout in the back seemed confused as well with the kitchen guys constantly struggling to keep from bumping into eachother and the girls up front. There was no Pepsi to be had cause they ran out of bottles. 

guys, you have great pizza, but judging by the people I saw out front changing their mind about waiting in line, you're gonna need to step it up a bit if you wanna rake in the cash and put those 4 ovens to good use. 

One more thing I noticed..  2 plates for each slice? just fold it over like the old days.. it makes it awkward to carry two slices on 4 halfass plates.
This place will always be my to go to pizza joint.
the servings are HUGE and reasonably priced.

I've been coming here for as long as i know.
You can't go wrong with the pizza.
 just make sure you order a plain slice unless you plan on getting a whole pie for toppings cause they don't do it!!!
What is there to say about Lorenzo's?  I haven't been there in years, but I was out on a Friday night going on about 4 hours without dinner, and needed food in my stomach quickly.  That slice of cheese definitely did the trick.  I wouldn't make a special trip to get it, but if hungry and near by I think its worth a stop.
A lot of people dub this the best pizza in the city, but I can't help but find it more than a little overrated. I've only been here one time that didn't involve a night of drinking, and I didn't find the slice nearly as good. and it definitely wasn't worth waiting in the colorful line to get it. As Melissa A. says you definitely come across a lot of weird characters while you wait in line. They can definitely range from interesting to irritating.
If it's past 2 am and your looking for something good and greasy to fill you up then go here because it will definitely get the job done. but if your looking to sample some of Philly's best pizza then you can definitely find better.
Well, this place is supposed to the best in Philadelphia for NY style thin-crust? I'm not impressed. The slice is oddly sized. 1 slice is too little for a meal and 2 is way too much. But on a second thought, it might be perfect size for late night snack after a few rounds of beers...

The taste...the crust is too bready and thick. It doesn't have the crust that good NYC pizzas are so famous for (yes, i'm a fan of thin crust). I saw that for some people the cheese was bland, but I found the whole pie to be on the saltier side than ideal. Perhaps they are inconsistent since I rarely think anything is too salty.
The pizza is way too greasy.  You could seriously give a pack of 6 hoochlets jheri curls with one slice.  And The pizza is bland as hell.
Good god, this pizza is bad. Once, my sister made me smell her armpits after she didn't wear deodorant for a few days, without showering. The first time I had Lorenzo's, all I was thinking was, "This tastes exactly how Katerina's armpits smell".
I used to walk around and pretend like I didn't like pizza. Seriously, I would tell people I really wasn't into it, for whatever my imaginary reason were. I think it probably had something to do with being lactose intolerant for like 3 years of my life- however, now that (for whatever reasons) I can eat dairy again and not feel like I want to kill myself, I feel like I need to come out of the closet about pizza. I love pizza. and for years, I've been lying to myself and others. I feel as though I should shout it from the rooftops- because this love affair was put on hold for a few years, and I've got some making up to do.

Alright, now that that's off my chest. a haiku

Lorenzo's pizza
humongous slices, long line.
cheese filled grins for all 

Seriously. Lorenzo's reminds my a lot like pizza down in Cape May (shut up that's not blasphemy) but huger, and greasier- but worth it all. You can order a pie but they don't even carry boxes big enough to house their whole pies because they are a slices kind of place. But you can order a pie, though you really won't be able to eat it, nor will you and your 2 friends. you need like 5 people to eat a pie i think. 

I wouldn't recommend this place while drunk (funny because i think that's when lots of people go). but picture this with me- huge slices- greasy HOT cheese, your drunk self= burnt some part of your body. Just don't do it. Make a conscious effort to go sober. Enjoy your slice- then go drink. and eat some safer drunk food (chips? a cold hoagie?). you will be a happier person- i swear.
Back in the day I used to diss this place.  Now, my opinion is radically different. Maybe it was the 5 years I spent in California, or maybe my taste buds just changed, but this place really hits the spot.  

I went here last night to get a quick slice at night.  The place is like a pizza factory.  They just keep making new pies over and over again.  This ends up showing, because when you get your slice if won't need to be heated up and it will have a really fresh doey texture that makes you reconsider the history of your experiences with crust.  The sauce has a sweet flavor, which I didn't use to like, but now I do because...well it's different!  My friend told me that it's thought that they use a little grape jelly in it to get it this way.  The fact that I know the sweetness is strategic also makes me happier about the sauce. 

All and all, I'd probably have another slice..like right now.
yo the pizza here blows. i don't know what all the fuss is about. yea, i mean they give you a lot of crappy pizza, but whatever...don't go to lorenzo's for the pizza...go there for the CIRCUS

went on saturday night around 2 and there was a line wrapping around the corner. there were so many young drunk ADD types there that some sh!t is always bound to go down. 

i saw a tranny get headlocked, a cop almost lay into a dude for pretending to punch his friend, a bum putting on a side show for like 20 people, same bum being harrassed by same 20 people. 

place is so dope! haven't been so entertained in a while. its all safe because there are like 5 cops always patrolling. actually there was a cruiser parked right outside!

don't go for the pizza...go for the show.
The BEST PIZZA EVER!!!!!!  Huge sloppy slices but sooo very delicious.
Some places specialize in certain areas of expertise; Cuba Libre has their mojitos, Delilah's has lap dances covered and Lorenzo's takes care of late night, butt-sized slices of pizza.  My point is, sometimes you go to places for the one thing they do right, and Lorenzo's has perfected alcohol absorbing food.

The pizza is above average, and it is always is heavy and greasy...perfect.
They can't even take the time to  take down their customers order right. I called in to order for pick up. The guy didn't even let me say what I wanted to order just said "$26 10 minutes". Lucky I looked online and knew that a pizza was $26. So I said can I get half cheese, half pepperoni. He goes $36. So I send my friend to go pick up the pizza and he calls me and said they thought you said sausage and pepperoni. So I told him to have them re make it because that is not what I ordered. After he fights them they still refuse to re make it or give us any kind of discount. We get the pizza home and the cheese was all slide off AND it's not even half pep half sausage. The whole thing has pep and sausage. Ridiculous. never going here again.
If I could give zero stars that's what this pizza dealer would get. Yes I said dealer because they're slangin slices of pizzas for $3:50 and if you don't like it you can move on. 

Now the reason for the one star. We drive 35+ minutes to get there. We waited in the line and yes it had a red rope that we had to stand behind bad we waited a 20 something said what's so great about Lorenzo and sons pizza cause it's always a line. As I waited I thought yes this will be the best slice of pizza especially if people are known to waiting in line for it. I would be mistaken but I digress, once inside it's quite small and they only take cash  so be prepared for that AND if you forget they have a sign to remind you and an ATM machine to assist you. 

Nevertheless we ordered two slices of pepperoni pizza. He said plate or box. My beaux said box. As I open it I'm confused because there are two slices of cheese pizza  HE returned the pizza and said this isn't what I ordered and the dealer behind the counter says we only sale pepperoni on a plate. PLEASE
TELL ME WHY PLATE OR BOX MAKES A HUGE DIFFERENCE!!! I was disappointed and it dampened our date night. However we gained solace in knowing we'd never return and the pizza was crappy so eat it in the cramped space or on the street as I saw most Philadelphians doing. 

Btw I'm a translate to the Philly area and my opinion isn't biased obviously  Lastly, why ask do we want a box or a plate if I ordered pepperoni. That's either stupid or a setup question idk you be the judge
Lorenzo's pizza on south st. has giant 28" cheese pizzas. Each slice is $3.50 and they have toppings for $1.00 for each topping (But toppings are only available on tuesdays)

The cheese slices are reminiscent of New York slices. I really liked them but didn't find the pizza amazing or amazing remarkable, just a standard cheese slice. 

Overall, if I am ever craving for NY style slices I would definitely come back to Lorenzo and Son.
One of my favorite pizza places in the city. Huge slices! 1 does the deal for me. 

-Yes, no toppings on slices. You can buy a whole one it you want toppings.
-Yes, standing room only
-Yes, cash only

If you dont like it, dont go there and dont give the people working there an attitude b/c you cant be bothered to read any of the damn signs.
It's funny how polarizing this place is based on the reviews.  

I guess the way to think about it is that it is what it is.  It's a place to get a big slice of east coast pizza.  They just simplify the process by taking toppings out of the equation.  So, really, the only question is how many slices would you like?  

And yes, the service isn't the nicest but I'm not sure what people are expecting here.  It's a dingy pizza place that doesn't have seats.  

That being said, they know how to do what they do well as there is really only one option concerning pizza: cheese.  I'm not saying it's the best pizza ever but it's not the worse.
This place is trash.  It's over priced and over crowded.  They charge you for a box to put you pizza in.  The service is rude, period.  On top of all that, the pizza really isn't that good.  Unless you've had extremely large quantities of alcohol, you should avoid this pit.
This is the best slice I've ever had - plain and simple. The cheese is rich and slightly salty, the sauce a good mixture of sweetness, tangyness, and oregano, and the crust flexible but not undercooked. Pizza connoisseurs have no problem with the encouraging of plain slices without herbs and cheese slopped all over them. This is more than just drunken food. It's the perfect NY style slice.
Can't figure out why people rave about this place.  Even if the pizza were the finest in the land, the atmosphere (rather, lack of atmosphere) of the place is the worst and it is on the dump of the city - South Street.  Ugh.  I had the pizza once and it was okay.  I will go back for another shot to see what all the hoopla is about but walking down South Street requires some premeditation.
Came here with a group of friends for some good pizza. I had heard a lot of hype regarding the giant slices of pizza that Lorenzo's sells. I liked that the menu was basic being that a giant pizza slice is 4 dollars, and that's all they serve. It makes the process if deciding very easy. The set-up is the seating is very simple; you stand. There are a few taller tables and no chairs. I appreciated the simple and low-key setup of the pizza shop.

Our orders came out in less than 5 minutes and we got our giant plain pizza slices which I would say are the size of 2.5 standard pizza slices from an 8 slice pie. Although I feel that the value is great for what you get, I didn't find that the taste of the pizza was anything different from a decent fresh pizza slice. It was definitely hot, fresh, and a good value. For anyone that's a pizza connoisseur, it may not be the most special slice of pizza besides its large size.

Overall, it's a cool spot to try for a cheap, filling, and tasty meal. However, it's not the most unique of delicious slice of pizza I've ever had.
I was drunk, and it was good. The slices are huge and difficult to maneuver if walking unsteadily, but still pretty tasty. I would have wished for it to be a little hotter and crispier, though.

Just a short review as my impaired self probably couldn't assess the food properly.
Yesterday Philly South St Lorenzo's ~3:30 pm I witnessed a cashier young man  (Caucasian brown hair w eye glasses)  not give back a patrons remaining $.50 when given a $20 he gave back $13 instead of $13.50 for a slice & a drink.  When challenged by the patron for his change, the cashier gave a defiant look like he wasn't going to give it back essentially bullying the patron in front of a line of guests to give up his entitled change.  Lorenzo's should either advertise the price of a drink & slice accurately at $7 or pay their cashier more money so he doesn't have to feel entitled to a $.50 tip per patron only to stand there & give bad service to all.  I always get my change & immediately put it in a tip jar or back to the cashier; this patron didn't have a choice.  What type of people is Lorenzo's hiring & how do they see their patrons such that this cashier clearly felt in the right for his response in front of his work colleagues?   I'll rethink it next time there...   Good pizza BUT I'd rethink it in favor other pizza joints or a yummy Philly cheesesteak ....
This place isn't even really good for what most people use it for... late night, after-the-bar pizza.  Ugh. The slices are so, greasy, soggy, the sauce cloyingly sweet, the cheese rubbery, and the service so snotty - and what's that you say? "Toppings, don't even think about it"?

My response:  "My dollars and my patronage of your establishment? Don't think about it either."

Even if you're well past the point of inebriation, this pizza isn't even worth it.  You know the saying regarding pizza "Even when it's bad, it's good?" - well, they obviously weren't talking about Lorenzo & Son.
I get angry just thinking about how people glorify Lorenzo's.

I thought about it just now.
this gets my vote for most overrated place in the city!

it's hard to imagine being picky when you're drunk, but when you find yourself asking, "why am i eating this?" at 3am, you know it's bad. the pizza is consistently undercooked, bland, greasy, and the sauce is too sweet. because of the volume of customers, the staff here thinks they're entitled to be grade-a j.o.'s.  also, i've had words with the angry, drunk douches in the line more than once. the mirrors all over the back room have only made me realize (while looking at my "drunk face") that going here was a wrong move.
Huge pizza slices for not much money, does it get any better? 

Their slices are 14", so you probably don't need more than one. You order at the counter and then wait for your pizza to be ready. They have some standing tables you can eat at, but no chairs. It's cash only as well. 

We just got a slice of cheese pizza. It was really good. The sauce was a little sweet which I liked. The crust was light. 

Overall, a great hole in the wall spot with great, cheap pizza.
Why the hell is there a Gordon Lightfoot song stuck in my head?

 As I was cleaning up the giant pizza boxes for giant pizzas this morning and suddenly the song starts playing in my mind, the lyrics so clear, "Picking up the pieces of my sweet shattered dream..." 

Do half eaten slices of doughy, gummy pizzas remind me of shattered dreams or was some nut at the bar last night playing song after song by "The Woodsy Balladeer," or, "Lightfoot...Heavy heart," as I like to call him..? 

Either way, the remnants of Lorenzo's pie were certainly givin me "the morning after blues from my head down to my shoes." I swear that this is the last time I'll ever quote Gordon Lightfoot...um...on yelp...heaven help me. 

The morning after Lorenzo's has historically included some soul-searching questions featuring the word, "Why?" repeatedly. 
Of course part of the "whys" are dedicated to the sheer volume of drinks..and...oy...

But why would we get slices from there when we know, from years of experience, that the pizza is bunk? 

Obviously yes, you get me: drunk decisions.

Dudes, I thought we had broken the cycle. It's been A WHILE since we hit up Lorenzo's after a weeknight slosh. See that's the thing... a person can appreciate, during such times, that Lorenzo's is open there in those late-late night/ early-early morning hours when all else is closed and dark.

Enormous slices soak soak the demon alky-hol.
Although my Deputy Yelper considers this her favorite Philly pizza place (other than my own kitchen, she's quick to add), and I do acknowledge that Lorenzo's has its many fans, I'm not one of them. The pizza itself is merely okay - I liked the thinness of the crust, and the it was nicely browned on the bottom. But a big selling point here is the large size of the slice, priced at $3.50. I hadn't realized that this is a take-out only operation. It's not a pizza restaurant. If you want a box to take the pizza, that's extra. There's a sweetness to this pizza, and I don't think it's from the tomato sauce - but suspect instead that there's sugar added to the dough or sauce. I think some people love that taste, but it's not what I want with my pizza. Finally, they sell only plain cheese pizza, so if you want any toppings, you need to come in on Tuesday.
