I am pumped to have Los Camaradas so close to where I live! I've had dinner there three times so far and I'm loving what Joe and Theresa have brought to the neighborhood.

I'm a huge fan of margaritas and the ones served at Los Camaradas are delicious and on point. They use quality ingredients, nothing fake, and you can taste the difference. They go down easy. They also have a nice beer selection including a pilsner on draft named after the restaurant which pairs perfectly with the food. 

Speaking of the food, I love that they have a nice mix of guilty pleasure foods as well as some items that lean towards the healthier side. Their nachos are on point, and I personally love the oozy cheese that they use in addition to all of the other great toppings. The tortilla soup is definitely a favorite, and I really enjoyed the Los Camaradas salad topped with shrimp on my most recent visit. I've also had the chuleta de puerco: thick slices of perfectly seasoned lean pork served with black beans and plantain rice. 

I'm looking forward to trying brunch and am crossing my fingers for happy hour, because the only thing better than a margarita is several margaritas at a discount.
We wanted a place close to the Christian St Y and to nearby friends. Los Camardas was suggested... yes!
On a hot, muggy night all you really want is a cool refreshing cocktail. The special blackberry margarita was exactly what the doctor ordered.
Coupled with the short rib enchiladas. Perfect.
The service was prompt for a busy Wednesday night, but nobody came back to check on us. I definitely could have gone for another margarita...alas it was not to be. 
Our food came and we devoured it. But I even had enough to take home for lunch.
I'm dreaming about those margaritas right now...
I'm so happy our favorite neighborhood cantina was able to give me a night off from cooking over the weekend. I'd been craving nachos so placing my order for those wasn't even a question. My husband ordered mahi mahi tacos and I ordered the steak tacos. We placed our pick up order through Caviar. 

Soon after, the restaurant called to let us know they were out of steak, so they ran through the other options and I went with chorizo tacos. Our food was ready pretty quickly and my husband ran over to pick everything up. Everything was absolutely delicious, as usual, and we even had leftovers for the following day. While he was there, my husband saw that they are also offering to-go quarts of their delish margarita mix, so we may have to grab some this week for make-at-home drinks. 

Wishing the very best for one of my favorite neighborhood businesses during this trying time. If you love nachos (and tacos, and guac, etc.), definitely give Los Camaradas a look for contact free delivery or pick up!
Finally made it over to Los Camaradas.  The food is great, the staff is very friendly, and the place has a great local restaurant feel located right in the middle of a residential area of grad hospital.  

We ordered the Pollo Enchiladas and the Chicken Tinga Burrito.  Both were plentiful in size and flavorful in taste. The place was packed (inside and outside) for a Tuesday, so I think others in the area feel the same positive vibes for this establishment.  

I really liked the decor as well.  Lots of "day of the dead" type artwork in and around the bar area.  We will certainly be back, the next time the Mexican food urge hits us.
Omg I love it here.  The guacamole is amazing! They have a great menu with a lot of vegan options and the drinks are nice! 

They really did a lot with the space and with the atmosphere! 

My boyfriend and I live around the corner so it's such a treat to be able to grab a beer or a marg and some chips and guacamole and sit outside and have a little night to ourselves.  

I love everything about this place! I do wish they would offer a tofu or seitan option & Daiya cheese for the nachos - but I'm hoping the more i go in there and ask- the greater my chances!
I've been ordering consistently through GrubHub from here for the past 6 months or so and always order the nachos cause they're just that damn good.  I always get it with short rib on top to make an actual meal out of it.  Make no mistake: these nachos are huge enough to get two full meals out of.  Loaded with plenty of hearty, juicy short rib, black beans, mad cheese, pickled red onions, jalapenos, cilantro, sour cream and a fresh pico de gallo.  Thesse nachos are the bomb - I'd argue even the best in the city.

I waited to review it until I actually dined in person here, which I did last Wednesday for happy hour.  Happy hour specials are awesome- cheap margaritas and tons of regular menu items like their tacos on discount.  We ordered a few rounds of classic margaritas and happy hour portions of the nachos, bbq short rib tacos and fish tacos.  Service was great.  Free chips and salsa for the table, as well.  Chips are fresh, thick, salty and homemade - just right.

The drinks were super refreshing and tasty (and strong) and all the food was on point - the tacos were flavorful and juicy.  They were kinda small, but for happy hour I didn't expect any different.

I will continue to order from here for delivery and will definitely visit back during happy hour.
I came here for a second time yesterday evening in the setting of introducing one of my favorite colleagues to what is one of my favorite nacho places in the city. It's a slight trek from my location near city hall (don't stalk me) otherwise we would frequent this place much more often.

I see that Michelle has been here 12 times, damn girl! 

Anyways, around happy hour time on a Thursday evening, this place had plenty of seating available. I elected to sit outside because I was still experiencing a chill from the car's AC but immediately regretted it because it was hot and muggy. Oh well. I'm pretty sure everyone else in my party secretly wanted to sit inside and was possibly seething about my choice. 

Service was really good, the server came over promptly and revisited multiple times, we never had to wait for anything. The happy hour menu was pretty good however we were never EVER planning on getting a smaller portion of nachos under any condition. We did, however, take advantage of the margarita pitcher deal and ordered ourselves 2 of those bad boys. 

As mentioned, we ordered the nachos. We also went a little wild and COB and I split the vegetable enchiladas, our dining companion ordered pork-something-or-other enchiladas, and THEN we got the corn stuff as well as plantains. 

The nachos as usual were amazing. Chips are crisp, good chip to topping ratio, and plenty of this delicious white cheese and white sauce that will remain a mystery to the white broad that I am. I ate them like an animal. 

Our enchilada was also really tasty. The veggies were good and that sauce they pour all over that stuff, mmmm. The corn and plantains were delicious as well, ESPECIALLY the corn. Plantains also had a mysterious white sauce drizzled on top. I am partial to mystery white sauces as it turns out.

Anyways this will remain to be one of my faves in Philly for Mexican. No wonder Michelle's been here 12 times.
I went with a group of 6 their opening weekend. The staff worked with us to fit us into a table within 15 minutes, which was appreciated.

Service: Overall the attentiveness of the staff and the speed of the service are a huge upgrade over the previous restaurants in this space. Our waitress checked in on us when she should have, and made everyone feel welcome.

Drinks: the classic margarita was fantastic, and reviews of the other cocktails ordered in my group were positive as well.

Food: the fish tacos were bland, as another reviewer noted. The pork belly tacos were much better, and I would definitely recommend the nachos. We added the short rib topper to the nachos, which was tender and a generous portion. 

I'll definitely come back for the drinks and nachos, and will keep exploring the entrees.
New place that took over the Strip Joint, and before that SoWe. This is the best version! We went on a busy Friday night with no reservation. Greeted at the door by two look-a-like ladies, who seated me and my husband immediately. We were intrigued by the 50/50 ration of one and five star reviews, and figured we would either love it or hate it. Guess what- it was a LOVE! Great house-made chips, good beer selection, excellent salad, and from what my husband said excellent pork belly tacos. Anyone going there and expecting large portions is an idiot. Serving sizes were completely appropriate. We listened to all of our extremely friendly server's advice and had the salsa trio (wow- that pineapple was fantastic) and had guac. Very worth it! It was hopping and we will be back. Thanks for that experience.
Update - went back this week to try the food.  The initial crowds seem to have calmed down a little, business was good but not flowing out of the doors. 

We had chips and salsa, not on the menu but available if you ask, which come with a good home made salsa. Chicken enchiladas made with fresh chicken, unlike a lot of mex places. Red chile sauce is tasty. We tried the fish tacos which have been spiced up a little from the other reviews and were tasty. And a side of black beans which were just good black beans, tough to do much with them. The margaritas have changed slightly, they are a little stronger and the crushed chili with chili salt is not for the faint of heart. 

Which brings me to the bathrooms, which have been redecorated with a giant grinning skull as you walk in. Much cleaner and brighter than before, these are welcoming now and not a dingy scary place hiding spiders and leprechauns as before. 

Staff are still being trained however service was friendly and quick. Still giving 5 stars, 4.5 for service food and decor and .5 for not being the strip joint.
This place rocks! Great service, and food was delicious! I ordered the pork belly tacos with rice and refried beans. It was soo good I ordered seconds, no joke...Great addition to our area,  reasonably priced, awesome ambiance! Love love love
Still a solid Mexican spot, all these years later.  We've been ordering from them often for Saturday date nights in and everything hits the spot.  Fav current order: two Los Camaradas salads with the addition of steak, a shortrib nacho to split, and two frozen peach margaritas.

The salad is very filling with juicy bits of hearts of palm, crunchy tortilla strips, and an addicting garlic dressing.  Plus, the steak is always seasoned so well.  Nachos are, as always, MASSIVE - they really hook you up with toppings and days' worth of short rib (we usually box half for lunch the next day).  Recently, we also tried the special birria tacos, which were deep fried, melty, cheesy goodness with a fantastic salsa and au jus.  But the best part is washing all that down with their PERFECT, refreshing, not-too-sweet, wonderfully tart frozen margaritas.  The peach was amazing, but recently we had the strawberry which was also great.

Staff is always friendly on the phone and greets you with a smile at the takeout window.  Will continue to order from here!
What a great little Graduate Hospital Restaurant!  This is a cute, laid back neighborhood restaurant with great food!  The service we experienced was excellent.  I have Celiac Disease and am extremely sensitive to gluten.  The menu here is mainly gluten free to begin with, which is awesome.  The servers here are very attentive to my dietary restrictions, and I have not gotten sick from this restaurant.  We have been back several times and will continue to frequent this restaurant.
So I feel extremely compelled to rewrite my review. I wanted to bring two of my friends to grab some margaritas.

   After about an hour or so of delicious margarita drinking the owner came up to me and said she had seen my review and wanted me to try the meal from yesterday again. She set the short rib enchiladas and pork belly tacos down. Both these dishes were leaps and bounds better than the first. Both dishes h the ad much more flavor! The pork belly was tender and the sauce on the enchiladas was delicious :-)

The bartender was chatty (not overly so) and pretty awesome, the margaritas are on point, and the mgmt truly cares about the patrons. Also, to be honest, I completely forgot to mention awesome murals so over the place! Los Camaradas is a welcomed addition to my neighborhood
New to the neighborhood, I checked out this place for happy hour on my of my first nights. I did not try the margaritas yet, so I cannot speak to that. I was in the mood for wine and at happy hour they're only $4 a glass! We split the nachos and a few of the 2 for $6 tacos. The mahi mahi tacos were amazing!!! I loved the famous nachos as well. Just be warned, they are a bit spicy. On Tuesdays they have taco Tuesday, and have many different options of 2 for $6 tacos. The staff was friendly and attentive. The decor inside is cute. It has outdoor seating. Cant wait to go back.
I was invited to hang out with fellow Yelp Elite during happy hour. Boy am I glad not only did we have a good time together we all enjoyed the food. The Pork Belly Tacos are so awesome I can't explain you just have to stop in and try them for yourself. Along with the Papas Fritas which are THE BEST EVER!! Another highlight were the Cucumber Margaritas, yummy!! We dinned on several appetizers the fish tacos are another standout item. Truly you can't go wrong with anything. My fellow Yelpers raved about the nachos I didn't get to those but they looked enticing. This is a nice restaurant/bar to hang out with friends or meet new places ones.
I came here to talk tequila and left with an amazing late lunch. The claims of the "award winning" nachos are true! You will NOT get nachos like this anywhere else. I asked what the secret was and got multiple answers. Is this the secret recipe to Coca Cola?! That's fine, because if I was them, I wouldn't share the recipe, either. Come for the nachos, fill up on the tacos and wash it all down with some delicious margaritas.
I came here after reading reviews for the short rib nachos and was not disappointed. Great happy hour specials, M-F until 7 pm. House margaritas are very good. We also tried the fish tacos, which were fresh. Friendly staff and fun atmosphere, too. 

I will definitely be back for the nachos and happy hour!
Not necessarily mindblowing food, but very solid and adequate for a quiet neighborhood spot. I love that sweet plantains are offered on the menu -- it isn't something I see too often at Mexican restaurants in this part of the world. Now I don't know if that's authentic or not, I just really love sweet plantains! Tacos and mains were flavorful across the board, though again, nothing super special. 

Here's a fair warning - the Jalapeño margarita is legitimately hot hot hot! It's yummy but you would have to nurse the drink and try to take lip-less sips the whole time
Los Camaradas has an awesome Happy Hour. My two friends and I accidentally picked this place for happy hour on a Tuesday not realizing it was in fact Tuesday at a Mexican place which equals, TACO TUESDAY! We arrived a little before 6pm and easily scored seats at the bar. I started with a $4 draft of the Fathead's bumble berry, which was a fresh blueberry ale. My friends and I split the happy hour nachos which were still a heaping helping. Then we all took advantage of the 2 for $6 Taco Tuesday special. I had the chef's special taco which was a fried chicken taco and a mahi mahi taco. I'm not a big fan of fish, but it rocked with the mango salsa goodness on top. The tacos were on the smaller side, like you can finish it in 4-5 bites, but they sure were tasty. All of the sides are half off too, so I had a nice dish of $2.50 plantains. The bartender was really nice and attentive. All around 5 star happy hour experience.
Stopped in for an afternoon snack. Three of us tried various takes on the margarita and no one was disappointed (classic, mango, and some spicy salty Diablo). Tacos were Delilah. And the owner was out fillig water cups, welcoming people to the new spot! Best of luck to the new owners of this spot. I'm definitely coming back.
This place was very disappointing.  We had a great waitress who was attentive and friendly and the hostess was also very nice.  The service was quick and the margaritas were OK, but nothing to write home about.

The reason we give Los Camaradas 1 star is that the food was bad.  It is not traditional by any stretch.  The guacamole had pickled jalepeños and the flavor overall was sub par - the tomatoes weren't ripe - bad ingredients = bad food.   The salsa that comes with your meal was also lacking.  

We ordered the bistec tacos and the steak was chewy and flavorless.  The empanadas were wrapped in a paper thin dough that was greasy and the filling was poorly seasoned.  

Even all this would be OK if the prices were reasonable, but the real killer was that the prices are SO high (similar to places like Distrito and El Vez) and the food was absolutely terrible.
Just left an early Mother's Day din here with my husband and two little ones. We all loved it! I had the Brussels sprout tacos without cheese or sour cream to make them vegan and they were fantastic. Oh I ordered a side of guac to put in it. Not needed but oh so yum! I got the grilled pineapple and jalapeño margarita and it was definitely spicy but jut unbearable. Also very delicious. Hubs got the fish tacos which he liked very much. We ordered the roasted cauliflower with pepitas and masa fries for our kiddos. They finished them completely.  Hubs had a mango margarita he loved. The waitress was super nice. Service was quick. Portions were great. We sat outside on a lovely evening. We didn't wait at all at 5pm on a Saturday but it started to fill up with locals by the time we left. Not a single complaint. We definitely will be back!
The food here is so good. It's absolutely delicious and I'm looking forward to coming back. I came here for happy hour with other yelpy friends and had a nice time.

Los Camaradas is a medium sized restaurant. It seems to be a pretty popular neighborhood spot, cause it was a good amount of people there on a Monday.

The happy hour menu provided a variety of options to choose from and we were able to share most of the items on the menu. I tried the pork belly tacos, papas fritas, chicken quesadilla and their delicious nachos. Those nachos was sooo good! I can't wait to come back to have another meeting with them! I liked that the tortilla was thick and crunchy oppose to typical soggy nachos. I kept eating and eating them! No wonder they won the award for the best nachos in Philly. Their margaritas are also good as well. I had the mango and guava.

Overall Los Camaradas offers dinner and brunch. It's a great meetup place to chill on your solo or hang with wonderful friends! The food is vibrant, the atmosphere is great. The staff is friendly and attentive. So check out Los Camaradas and thank you Michelle C!
Chips and salsa on the table as soon as we sat down. Staff was super attentive. Fish tacos, soup, salad, and dessert was excellent! Welcome to the neighborhood.
We are partial, because we are excited to see this place doing well in our neighborhood. The food is good and the drinks are so so, but the price seems high, especially for well drinks. Descent beer selection and fresh and quality ingredients keep us coming back (and buying expensive margaritas...).
The service was awesome and super friendly, but food-wise I think it's a bit overpriced for what you get if you're doing dinner outside of happy hours. I came from a city where cheap, authentic Mexican food was pretty common, so admittedly my perspective is pretty biased.

I had the short rib mole enchilada and found the sauce to be lacking in the deep, rich mole flavor I've usually expected from similar dishes. The sauce was also overly sweet, to the point where I scooped away some of it out of the dish. However, I could taste some cocoa powder. The free chips they serve in the beginning are fantastic though, as well as the salsa that accompanied it.
Vegetarians beware but carnivores will be happy. That pretty much sums up this place.
Made the trip here with my roommates on a random night when one was witnessing a full-on taco craving, and I was desperate for a margarita with my recent entry into 21-dom. 

We all got tacos - pork belly, chicken, and fish. I pretty much just stuck with mine, which was pretty eh. It's no SoCal taco, but what am I supposed to expect out of a Philly taco joint? I did like my little pickled carrot salad on top of the tacos, though. Maybe I'm just disappointed because the pork belly wasn't fatty enough. 

We also split chips and guac, and I appreciated the variety they gave - I think there were plaintain chips, regular ...and then I forgot the third already. In any case, the guacamole tasted incredibly fresh, so that was a good start. All in all though, I felt that the quality was meh and the prices too high. I don't really think I'll be back with so many other new taco places in town.
We had the vegetable taco and the mahi mahi taco. Both were dry and hard to eat. We also ordered the poblanos corn chowder which was thick and fatty. The only decent thing there was the margherita. We finished eating at 8pm and asked for the bill 6 times. Just got done now at 8.45 PM. Dont recommend it at all!
I'm always searching for great Mexican food and wanted to give this grad hospital restaurant a shot. I've been a couple times now before writing a review, and in all honesty, I dig the vibe here much more than the food itself. I love the cute outdoor seating considering the neighborhood is pretty quiet. This is definitely a relaxing spot to catch up with a friend and enjoy margs outside.

The food itself is fine. Bonus is you receive complimentary chips and salsa. I was so excited after seeing the variety of tacos on the menu, and I'm bummed things didn't totally come together. I had some veggie tacos with lemon cream sauce. The portioning was a little off in that there were a few pieces of mushrooms but the tacos were largely overwhelmed with crispy brussel sprouts (super tasty by the way), but it made the tacos dry. My friend joked they just looked like mini forests. Maybe they ran out of other veggies in the kitchen? I was also able to try my friend's fish tacos - im always down for a fried fish taco with pickled cabbage. But the fish was overcooked making it tough and also dry. 

I have to give this place A for effort and for what they're going for. Unfortunately things just aren't prepared well.
I'm not one for using superlatives, but I came here one night and had the BEST NACHOS OF MY LIFE. Every layer was perfect. The flavors were on point, every chip was crunchy and had a good distribution of toppings and the cheese was creamy and brought it all together. I'm 700% coming back here.
Went to restaurant the second week they were open and I felt they had the business wired . Waitress was very attentive , was at the table frequently making sure we were alright . Owner came to the table to introduce herself and make sure everything was to out liking . Total atmosphere was great from the decor to the music . Crowd that was there seemed to be having a great time and enjoy the food . 
    Food was delicious , from the pork belly tacos , empanadas and the best nachos I have ever had . Was glad we stumbled upon the place. Definitely will be back .
So I can't even count how many times we've been here in the last two years. Always always a great time with creative food, rotating craft beers and the nicest owners in town. 

Last week was Pizza Boy tap taker and I think we had the best pairing meal ever. Four great beers (not a fan of the stout but I tried it) and the four special Tacos were off the chain fantastic. 

We can never go in without getting their famous nachos. Still can't believe the happy hour price for $6 bucks. Pork shoulder with orange and the charred heirloom carrots & feta were unreal. Always something fun to try here. 


So much better than El Vez and in a great neighborhood. Outdoor seating is nice. We love this place.
They brought out a nice little surprise for us - chips and salsa. Very good!

The pork belly guacamole was good too but I wouldn't have ordered it if I knew free chips and salsa were en route. 

The tacos here are okay. We ordered the Baja fish, al pastor, and the pork belly. Baja fish tacos were my favorite, the pieces are fish were huge! 

Al pastor was very standard but served with two tortillas so it felt more authentic. 

The pork belly was pretty bad. The meat was covered in a sweet glaze that did not compliment the fish or the meal. The pork belly had a lot of fat on it which should have been heated/rendered. I would not recommend the pork belly tacos. 

Overall good experience less the pork belly tacos
I went back with friends to Los Camaradas weeks following their opening. So thankful to report all the kinks have been worked out. The service was amazing. The food delicious. I will definitely be returning.
The "queso mixto" on the nachos is apparently a mix of two kinds of cheese... 10% crumbled queso fresco and 90% molten liquid ballpark nacho cheese in a light yellow color. Definitely not expected, nor appreciated. The nachos did have some good components-pickled onions and jalapenos were both nice and the black beans were fresh and juicy-but again the liquid Velveeta stand-in kind of soured the experience. 

Luckily, the distribution of the nacho toppings was also way off, leaving us with about thirty dry chips at the end, so ironically we were able to salvage them by merely requesting more of the free red salsa, which is quite good (could use more salt and lime).

Word of advice to the chef: First off, ditch the liquid cheese. I don't think it's really even necessary to reiterate that. Second, try adding toppings to the bottom layer of chips first (more blackbeans & red chiles please), throw it in the oven, and the. Add *another layer* of chips and top it off with all the fixing a second time (& bake.) Easy way to raise the bar to a five-star nacho.

As far as drinks, the house margarita was super yummy, but the portion seemed a bit small... Lots and lots of ice in the glass, and the liquid didn't even make it up to the requisite portion line.

Finally, moving forward, after seeing other restaurants come and go from this location, I highly suggest that the owners install a small stage the back room and use it as a lowkey venue space rather than seating it for dinner. Let's face it, that room is awkward, and there is enough table seating in the bar area to suffice on most nights. Also, there is not an extant bar stage in the near vicinity, and bands, comedy acts, poets, whatever, will naturally do your advertising for you and bring you the patrons you need to stay afloat.

Cheers!
This is a very odd restaurant for two reasons. I will break it down and do my best to only share facts instead of opinions. 

1) This is a neighborhood bar that has way over priced entries and drinks
2) None of the servers know anything about authentic Mexican Tacos

The menu looks like this place may be serving up some authentic/traditional tacos, however when my plate came out it was short a few ingredients. I was missing cilantro, limes, and salsa. My taco came out with chicken, feta, and cabbage, all good things, just not a complete taco. 

When I asked the waitress for limes and cilantro, she gave me this very confused look as if it was odd that I would ask for those things. I told her that traditional mexican tacos come with limes and some type of spicy salsa or at least flavoring and cilantro. She came back with two tiny cut lime pieces and said, "it looks like we are out of cilantro which is why the cook didn't put any on your tacos"

I understand restaurants run out of things once in a while, however it would be nice of them to tell me in advance so I can make different selection. It took her over 5 minutes to bring me the limes and find out about the missing cilantro, and when I finally ate my tacos I found that the chicken was dry and virtually flavorless. 

They get two stars instead of one star for the following reasons

1) The waitress was very nice, despite not knowing anything about Mexican food
2) The hot salsa was bomb! 

I may try this place again just for their salsa, however other than that I would say away until they lower their prices, after all it is a neighborhood bar! You want folks who live near buy to be regulars; that wont happen if you are charging $10 for a sub par taco plate
Hands down, the best nachos I've ever had in my life. 

The servers are incredibly educated about tequila and food. Staff is very contentious about gluten free. The manager (?) of the restaurant is fantastic at her job. I can't say enough nice things about her. 

Bonus-- the entire menu is gluten free except mole sauce!
A few weeks back my husband and I decided to stop in for a quick dinner with our son. 

Having been here a few other times we were expecting another solid experience. 

It was just eh. 

The portions seem to have gotten smaller and the prices seem to have not. While the food was tasty, it didn't seem to have as much love as there once was. The service is still solid but we left and immediate went home and had "second dinner". 
I love frequenting restaurants in the neighborhood but I'm not sure how excited I'd be to come back. Perhaps to make sure this last visit was a fluke? It seems $16 is a lot for two small enchiladas. I don't know if I can justify spending that much for an appetizer sized entree.
This row-house converted into a cantina is a nice addition to the neighborhood. The decor seems very Day of the Dead inspired but it's a fun bar. The food here comes with many vegetarian options. I went with the Veggie Tacos that were recommended by my waiter. I also added an order of the Veggie Enchiladas since I was splitting these plates. When the food arrived, it quickly became clear that the tacos were much better than the enchiladas. The mole sauce may have been off on the enchiladas. I also feel like I made a mistake by not ordering the nacho, which have won a Best of Philly award and were recommended by the waiter. For drinks, they make a solid margarita.
Los Camaradas is one of very few places to eat, hang out and sit outside for dinner/drinks in Grad Hospital. The happy hour is legit and offers a variety of taco selections (BBQ short rib tacos are by far the best they have). They also have brunch, which is a huge plus with a surprisingly large selection of food. The food is okay, nothing to write home about - however, the margs are delicious! The staff is very friendly and the bartenders were very knowledgeable about the tequila. They also have a pretty great beer and wine selection. In the summer they have really great fruity sours, which can be hard to find like the Liliko'i Kepolo by Avery brewing company. 

Overall, Los Camaradas is nice local spot for drinks, HH and brunch. 

It's also a great place to sit and have drinks outside with your pup in the summer. They always bring my puppy Mimi a bowl of water without me asking.
This place was A-OK. It was a little on the pricey side for what you get.

Also we walked in at 2:20 pm ish on a Sunday and they still weren't serving lunch - only the brunch menu was available. We asked about this a few times and the waiter kept saying that "it's almost the same" even though when we finally got the menu, it wasn't. 

The complimentary chips and salsa were pretty bland and the salsa watery but hey it's free so that's a perk!

Despite being mostly empty I had to ask for water refills but the staff was really friendly.

Would be willing to eat here again as the fish tacos were yummy and I heard the brussel sprout veggie tacos were amazing, but didn't love my overall experience, esp since I paid almost $15 with tax and tip for 3 tiny tacos.
First time here must say great time! 

Nachos well... just look what everyone else has said! AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS!!! Nice portion size also. Drinks were also great! Fresh and plenty of "taste" if you know what I mean
Everything here was really tasty!

This is a nice and cozy spot in the neighborhood that has been really great each visit.

Not a super high end restaurant but great for a quick bite or happy hour with friends! 

The margaritas are on point and the NACHOS!! Man are they good! 
All of the ingredients are fresh. 
They menu can suit all sorts of dietary restrictions (from my experience)...

The customer service was pretty solid but out server was a little hard to get a hold of. It was a busy evening so I get it but they could have been a little better staffed. 

Looking forward to going back again soon!
Came here on a whim because it was a nice night outside. Good guacamole, chips, and classic margarita. Our friend had the guava margarita and enjoyed that as well. Solid beer menu- including Back in Black IPA! (Not sure if I'm the only one, but I really like that beer and it can be hard to find) The server was friendly and honest with her recommendations, which included their nacho appetizer that they've earned an award for. Can never go wrong with nachos. My husband got the chicken tacos which he said were good, but not great. The server was also glad to turn on the heat lamp, although it took a bit of effort. Will be back to this neighborhood spot!
Although they are known for their nachos (which are very good) I highly recommend the Mahi tacos. The fish tastes very fresh, and the flavors are bright and vernal.

I only drink beer, but my girlfriend love the cucumber margarita. The beer selection usually has 2 IPAs whichh is. what I drink. I cant really recall whatelse is on there. We have only been to Los Camaradas on THursday nights, due to my schedule-and sometimes if can be tough to find a bar seat if it's during happy hour. They usually have something entertaining and non-bro-y on the TV.

In terms of service, the bartender is a great, have had good conversations w him and always get our drinks really quickly. The waitstaff seems cool, too, but we haven't gotten a table so I can't vouch for the service.
Came here on a Sunday night with two of my friends. Surprisingly, this place was pretty busy for a Sunday night! 

Margaritas are delicious, although not too strong. Ordered 2 and barely felt a buzz. My friend ordered a dragonfruit (or passion fruit??) marg and the flavoring was amazing! 

Each taco order comes with 3 tacos, which was great because my friends and I ( a party of 3 ) were able to eat 3 different tacos! We ordered chicken, chorizo, and Baja fish. 

All the tacos were large and filling! The chorizo taco definitely has a kick to it, and the fish in the fish tacos are definitely a decent size. 

This place is pretty good in terms of the food portions, the service, and the all-around ambiance. It has a chill, fun, bar vibe. Definitely recommend if you're in the area!
It's hard think of anything bad to say about Los Camaradas! I want to start by saying our server the night I came was so nice and welcoming! I wish I could remember her name but she really made the experience very enjoyable.

The nachos are a must try here, one of the best I've had. There's a good amount of toppings and the chips do not  get soggy. It's a great dish to share with a group of friends. In addition to the nachos I got the chicken quesadilla. It was very flavorful, crispy on the outside, and really had a good amount of filling. 

Overall, just a really good spot with great service and nachos!
A few weeks back my husband and I decided to stop in for a quick dinner with our son. 

Having been here a few other times we were expecting another solid experience. 

It was just eh. 

The portions seem to have gotten smaller and the prices have not. While the food was tasty, it didn't seem to have as much love as there once was. The service is still solid but we left and immediate went home and had "second dinner". 
I love frequenting restaurants in the neighborhood but I'm not sure how excited I'd be to come back. Perhaps to make sure this last visit was a fluke? It seems $16 is a lot for two small enchiladas. I don't know if I can justify spending that much for an appetizer sized entree.
The best nachos in Philadelphia, call them directly to do pickup and you can either pay ahead or pay there (currently) which is pretty handy. A lovely neighborhood spot and excellent nachos and quesadillas will warm your winter home. Recommend ordering extra for multiple days of food -- the nachos and quesadillas at least come in the foil takeout containers, so all you need to do to reheat is take off the plastic lid and pop in your oven. Thanks for being great, Camaradas kitchen and staff!
This is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in the city! For starters they serve fresh and authentic Mexican Food. I have yet to eat there, but I have been ordering their takeout menu, and everything is hot and fresh when it arrives.
When you start your order, you need to start with their nachos, and you have to order them with short rib on top They are AMAZING! I mean they do have award winning nachos not to brag but they live up to the hype. I order their chicken tacos and they were amazing and very filling. You got three orders of tacos and they loaded with fresh ingredients. 
If you are like me and have a gluten allergy, they have many gluten free dishes. Mostly all their tacos are on corn tortillas unless they tell you. Their nachos are gluten free as well. 
If you are in the city, looking for great Mexican food, you need to go here. Even if you cannot go there physically, you can still support them by ordering takeout. You can even order right on Yelp! Trust me, once you take your first bite of their food, there is no going back.
Awesome margaritas, however, no pitchers available. The food was extremely tasty but the prices were a bit much. Mexican food is inherently inexpensive and the markup on tacos at most places including here and La Calaca Feliz etc is borderline criminal. Also their micro-enchiladas, although delicious are definitely not worth $13. They don't even come with rice & beans as an accompaniement. Good food & drink, great service, but ridiculous pricing.
Crazy good nachos and margaritas. Every Tuesday they have a new chef's special taco to keep it new and interesting. Plus it's a fun place to sit and Shazam good music.
I went for brunch with two friends, I got the Pork Belly Avocado BLT, one friend got the Juevos Rancheros, and the other got the Carnitas Tacos. 

The server who was charming and attentive, recommended the BLT and said that it was a huge sandwich. She did not lie the proportions were generous. The Sandwich was delicious for the most part, I do wish there was a touch less butter on the bread that they toasted before constructing the sandwich though. 

I tasted the Juevos Rancheros and it's was overall an enjoyable bite, also very generous portions for what we were paying for. I was impressed with the quality of the tostada's crispy texture under all that chilly. The egg was a tad overcooked but nowhere near the point of taking away from the overall enjoyment of the dish. 

I did not get a chance to try the Tacos, however I plan on coming back to try them another day. 

I wish I could give 4.5 stars.
I'm the least picky person when it comes to eating, which is why I gave this place 3 chances. It's a nice restaurant, and all the employees are really nice, but the food is just flat out bad, and overpriced. I order the short rib enchiladas the final time I was there. It was the worst food I've ever been served at a restaurant. The sauce looked like mud and tasted like bbq sauce that was microwaved too long. My friends all gave it a try and they were gagging because it was so bad. I still ate half of it because I was hungry and wasn't going to send it back. Out of the four meal we ordered the best review was the chicken tacos we "ok I guess". I really wanted to like this place, but I won't be going back.
Delicious food! Had brunch here and got the shrimp and grits. While the shrimp was delicious, only comment is that there wasn't enough! Highly recommend to anyone for brunch. Will definitely  try to come here for dinner some time. Staff is incredibly friendly and their chips and salsa are great. As compared to other Mexican restaurants in the area, I wouldn't say it's the best, but worth trying for sure
I want to like this place because of its proximity to us. And in all fairness we went in the first week and it will probably get much better. That being said, I feel like for the quality of food we got, the price was absurd. The guac was pretty generic, but the plantain chips that went with it were good. My biggest complaint was the black bean soup I ordered which tasted extremely bland but weirdly of coffee grinds. 
The staff was extremely nice and attentive, but I kind of felt harassed by our waitress to upgrade everything we ordered to something more expensive. 

A+ for their margaritas though. Outstanding. It's what bumped them up to 3 stars.

Overall, I would try it again but mainly because it's just so convenient.
I was super excited about coming to this new place in my neighborhood and decided to take a big group for my birthday.  Unfortunately, I was incredibly disappointed.  Here's why:

#1 they promised a birthday drink or two, but charged me for all of my drinks (and arguably an extra drink?)

#2 service was HORRIBLE.  It took forever and my Roomie got the wrong order twice 

#3 the food was expensive and meager in portion sizes

Otherwise the ambience was great!  Manager seemed competent and thoughtful but we only saw her when we were being seated.

One pro!  The classic old fashioned that I got was freaking fantastic!! Great job bartender!
Have only visited Los Camaradas once, but we know we will be back SOON. And hope to be able to up to 5 stars - SO CLOSE! 

First, the Food: Amazing brunch. Tons of dishes on the menu looked good, but my partner went with the huevos rancheros and I had the chorizo benedict. Our eggs were cooked to perfection. Chorizo on both our dishes was suberb (and there was plenty of it!). Sauce on his plate was delicious. Free chips & salsa! Really, really excellent food!!!

Atmosphere: Love the 2-person booths in the bar area. Love the Day of the Dead murals on the walls. Colorful, cute, warm & inviting. There are TVs in the bar area, but a back room if you want to avoid media. 

Service: The bartender was our server (they were pretty dead at 10:30 on a Sunday), and she did an excellent job. Our food came out in perfect time - not too quickly, not too slow. Attentive with water. 

Why only 4 stars? There are some glaring inconsistencies, possibly due more to management than anything else: 

1) Opening time for brunch was listed as 10:30 am on their website, 10 am on their menu, and 9:30 am on the table top specials card. Bartender said they changed the opening time to 9:30 "a few months ago" and were still trying to change all of the websites. (Um, how about just the one?) Bartender also made a joke to a fellow employee about the "morning rush" (we were the only ones there) - HINT: people won't show up if they don't think you're open!  

2) We were craving bloody marys (why else go to brunch?) and... they were out of horseradish and couldn't make the mix. At 10:30 am. When they apparently opened at 9:30. Manager came in with some around 11 and they offered to make us a bloody mary around 11:30, but... really? Also overheard the couple next to us (who arrived after we did) order a mexican coffee - which the bartender couldn't make because they were out of Redi-Whip. Two critical ingredients for two brunch drinks missing? 

3) I asked to substitute a salad for the potatoes on my plate, was told by the bartender that she "wasn't sure the salads had been prepped yet" even though there were salads on the brunch menu, which apparently they start serving at 9:30 am? They did manage to substitute (which was great!), but... weird. 

4) I was overcharged $1 for my chorizo benedict - listed as $10.95 on the menu (their prices are really good for how much you get!), paid $11.95. Double checked the menu on the way out to verify (didn't want to be a b*&^% about $1). Just... strange.  

Management, clean it up! Could be a real gem if these little things were taken care of! We will definitely be back to try the Philly Best Nachos and other dishes, hope that some of these problems will be gone.
Came here for dinner with friends. The nachos are a must have! The fish tacos were also delicious! I would not recommend their mole sauce, it's lacking some love. I would definitely come back for another plate of nachos!
I'm really torn on this place.  Its a neighborhood joint and I truly want to see it succeed!  I think their margaritas are great so no complaints there.  I have enjoyed their chips and salsa and guacomole quite a bit.  I have ordered 2 entrees there, however, and was not impressed with either.  I first ordered the mahi mahi tacos and they were just ok.  There was no sauce and overall the dish was very dry.  The second time I went I got the vegetarian enchiladas and didn't like that at all.  I will say my boyfriend got the pork belly tacos and really liked them.  I think the other thing that bothered us the last time we were there was the service.  We didn't get drinks until we were seated for at least 20-30 minutes and every step in ordering and getting additional drinks was a process.  I look forward to trying it again and having a better experience but for now I would say, A-OK.
Sat at the bar - the bartender was very friendly, quick, and also had great menu knowledge. The nachos are amazing, definitely top 5 i've ever had. The chips stand up to all the toppings and don't get soggy like 70% of other places nachos. I've tried a few other entrees here and they were all good as well. Beer selection and margaritas were solid.

Skip sidecar and try this place out.
This was our first time dining at Los Camaradas, a Mexican restaurant not far from our house.  We were very impressed with the food, although the service was a bit slow.  Shortly after you sit down the waitress brings warm baked chips with a dipping sauce.  To our tastes the sauce could have been spicier and maybe chunkier.   We ordered a pitcher of margharitas, and it came in a carafe.  Perhaps a bit too much ice, but it was serviceable.  I ordered the breaded fish tacos.  I got 3 on the plate, which was more than enough for me.  I think there could have been more slaw on the taco, but the fish was excellent (and I am nitpicking).  My husband had the carne asada, which he said was very good.  I took a small bit of the refried beans that came with his order (no veggie with mine), and the beans were excellent.

In reading other reviews we saw that everything is homemade, and it sure tastes it.  We read that the nachos are to die for, so when we return--and we will return--we need to try the nachos.

As for the price, we thought it was reasonable.  The 2 entrees plus the pitcher of margharitas was around $74 plus tip.
Can we talk about the nachos for a minute? The best. Simply delicious.

I'm from out of town, but my brother lives in Philly so when I went to visit him, he suggested coming here because it's a few blocks from his apt. I'm always game to try Mexican restaurants and this one is hands down one of the best Mexican places I have ever eaten at. We had just about one of everything, and their margaritas are incredible.

I will visit Philadelphia simply to go here!
Firstly, food was delicious. Carne Asada + Cubano Quesadilla were killer. We also got their happy hour muscles which rocked. Second, the drinks were so/so. My wife got Sangria which was great, and I got a classic marg which ended up being just okay. It wasn't bad at all, it's just that there are better margarita's to be had out there. Although the price was right ($6 for a classic, $7 for a special, $27 for a pitcher at happy hour - pretty good). 

The servers are all very nice, but it was apparent there was a management issue as food and drinks were slow to come out, there was never a server around when we needed one, I ended up not even getting one drink I ordered, and I was served the wrong dish initially which they gave me on the house. No big deal, it just seems like they were over and understaffed at the same time, if that makes sense. Also, not a big issue for me but we did find three hairs in the three different dishes, so someone in the kitchen was shedding like crazy. Probably invest in some hair nets for the food staff.

Overall drinks were good, food was great, service was okay. If you don't feel like trekking to one of the other yuppie texmex type deals, this place will do.
Graduate Hospital is desperately in need of more eateries and bars. Los Camaradas is a fantastic addition to the neighborhood! Recently, I got takeout for my girlfriend and I. She had the pork belly tacos with a side of Mexican rice and I got the short rib enchiladas with a side of refried beans.  We each separately came to the conclusion that our food was a little bland. I've had great Mexican before and these items need a little tweaking... Owners, if you're reading, try these dishes yourself and tell me I'm wrong! :-)

While waiting for the food, I SERIOUSLY enjoyed two Hornitos margaritas while chatting with two very friendly bartenders. It just so happened to be happy hour and my drinks were only six bucks each! It seemed like they had some six dollar apps too. 

I gave this place four stars instead of three for a few reasons. 1. Service was excellent, bartenders and hostesses were very attentive and willing to engage in my conversion. 2. Drinks and beer selection is awesome. 3. Graduate Hospital is DESPERATE for new places to spend our "young professional" money. 4. Other users do rave about their food, definitely going to try again!
The RAD - Dirt Wolf on TAP!  Fckin prime sopas and nachos.  Some bartender created this weird lavender lime margarita concoction that was actually the best marg i've ever had.  Outdoor seating.  Soccer games on the tv.  Back room for a larger group.

The BAD - price for portions.  In fact this is only reason I've giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the portions are small for what you're paying.....an entree doesn't even fill me up and I'm a small ass girl.
I went to visit my friend who lives in the neighborhood and originally we were going to eat pho but since I'm a pescetarian, after looking at the menu we realized we needed a new plan.  She has a dog and she asked if I would want to try Los Camaradas because we could sit outside.  We had been at this location back in the day when it was Turkish restaurant ( which was one of the reasons I joined yelp back in 2009!!!) so we wanted to see what the newest incarnation of the location was.  

I was happy to see that the menu did have some vegetarian options.  My friend got the happy hour order of fish tacos and I got the vegetarian enchiladas and we basically split our entrees so we had a little of each.  The food was delicious and filling and the portions, even for happy hour portions were great.  

For dessert we split tres leche cake and flan.  OMG, both were DELICIOUS.  Seriously, the food was so good here.  

Also, I love how when we sat outside the server brought over a bowl for the dog and always made sure that not only were we hydrated, but also the dog as well.
I think this is hands down my favorite Mexican restaurant in Philly.  Just went tonight for the first time and am already looking forward to a return visit.
OMG YUM YUM YUM. 

I've been around the Philadelphia nacho block a few times but nachos are like both boys and buses in that if you miss one, "next 15 one coming". Unless it's 3am in which case you'll probably have to wait until about 11am for some decent Mexican to open shop. OR you could just throw some tostitos on a plate with preferred toppings at home in the oven but I tend to overdo it with the beans. 

Anyways, I get bored easily with shit so I constantly want to try new nachos in case I'm missing out on some unknown gem. This place was pretty high up on the "nachos" yelp list so I ubered over to southwest philly on a Saturday intermittently rainy late spring night. 

There's a few different types of margaritas but I went with classic. After I had already ordered the love of my life threw a fucking wrench in shit and ordered a SPICY margarita. FUCK. Ok whatever. 

The margaritas were refreshing. Not the best margarita I've had but very enjoyable. I was in the mood for something refreshing afterwards so I ordered a beverage with vodka. Unfortunately my 5 second perusal of the website does not reveal a drink menu so I can not provide further details but this was definitely refreshing and delicious. We went on to order a few more subsequently. 

Most importantly we went with the nachos of course. We were eyeing something else perhaps the vegetable quesadilla if my memory serves. I know we have a nasty and disgusting habit of ordering way more than we can physically handle (but yet somehow end up handling) so we held off and decided to "play it by ear". 

Nachos were SPECTACULAR. Crispy chips. All the preferred toppings (beans, tomato cubes, lettuce, CHEESE, CHEESE, sour cream checker...I am now referring to my instagram re: bekkicrocker photo to jog my topping memory: JALAPENOS HOW COULD I FORGET, and TWO KINDS OF CHEESE!)

I may have had too much coffee this morning or may be manic secondary to the fact that I might leave work early today. 

Anyways, we ended up absolutely and completely destroying the nacho plate. I wish I had taken a photo to demonstrate our brutality. In summary, the nachos here were amazing and highly recommended.
I am currently in the restaurant. Took forever to get a simple glass of water. Finally ordered food and nachos as an appetizer. We have yet to get our appetizer and it's been 30 minutes. We also have not received the complimentary chips and salsa. There are only 5 tables occupied and at least 4 servers. Unclear what the hold up is but highly disappointed with this service. 

Addendum: just got the nachos. No plates provided. 

One hour later we finally got our meal.
This was our first time here. We have been to the two previous restaurants that were located here and were excited to have a Mexican place closer to home. Definitely pricey but overall good. The margaritas was nicely balanced which makes them dangerous. Chips and salsa as soon as you sit down but we opted for the guac and trio of chips along with the short rib enchilada and chuleta de puerco. Good amount of short rib. The pork was done nicely but the plantain rice was a little sweet for my liking. It would have been better with regular rice.
Great food, great atmosphere, great art. Get the salsa, it's awesome, and they'll pack it to go if you ask. Outdoor seating in the summer fills up fast.
Two words - Taco Tuesday.  Two big tacos for $6! And you can mix and match.  The cocktails here are also amazing.  Only thing I would pass on is the vegetable empanadas - kinda taste like nothing.
I was in the other night and my server was Jessica, I was unsure what to get. My friend suggested I tried this place and Jessica helped me decide on what food to order! The food was great and Jessica also suggested a margarita I've never tried before all her recommendations were spot on and the service was great! I'll be back and I'm definitely telling people about my experience!
Nachos. That's it. I'm done. 


No really, that's all you need to know. Get in there! Order them with the short rib. I'll wait.....You're welcome. Incredible!! Start with house made chips. Every single ingredient is perfect. I've had them a dozen times and never been disappointed. 

Love the salad with heart of palm. Nice flavored dressing. I get it with sliced steak.  The margaritas are on point and happy hour prices are terrific. Great mix of beer on tap. Outside seating is lovely when the weather cooperates.  

Don't skip the weekend brunch. The seasonal specialty is always a winner. I'm a huge fan of the house made biscuits and chorizo gravy. 

Owners Theresa and Joe have done a fantastic job bringing a splash of Mexican fabulousness to the neighborhood. I'm grateful they are a short walk from me. Great people. So glad to have this place around.
Seriously the best nachos I ever remember having. The tostadas were good as well. Some of the best tequila-based cocktails I've gotten. Really attentive service from awesome staff. Good music playing and some entertaining stuff on the TV screens.
um, the nachos. See everyone else's reviews. Seriously. Also, the pickled onions on the tacos are to die for. Ask for extra on the side. The house salsa is so darn good. Most of the food except for one menu item is gluten free so I can eat pretty much whatever I want, which is rare in a restaurant. Try the empanadas (sp?).
This is a nice contemporary menu. Staff is always friendly, especially the manager who always greats you. The staff knows a lot about the menu, and they seem excited about it. Great addition to the neighborhood.
Quickly becoming one of our favorite brunch places! Food is GREAT. And they substituted chorizo for chicken in the chilaquiles without batting an eye OR an extra charge. PLUS there were none of the management issues we encountered last time - all supplies on hand for (much needed) bloody marys, charged the right amount for everything. Bartender was super sweet as our server. And they open at 9:30 am (NOT 10, NOT 10:30 as Yelp says)... for early weekend brunch-goers, this place is a dream!
This spot is excellent! A must try for any lover of nachos. My boyfriend and i went with the nachos with short ribs on top and they did not disappoint!
The queso mixto, complete with some creamy smoked gouda, plus pickled jalapeno = delicious.
Drinks were solid and tasty: Had a great classic margarita and also loved the hibiscus infused tequila drink.  Service was excellent and perfectly attentive.
So glad to have found this hidden gem and will definitely be back!
I reside in the neighborhood so I like to support my local spots however with the multitude of restaurants options we have in Philly, the least thing an establishment can do is provide basic customer service. 

On Thursday, 6/22/17 my husband and I decided to grabs drinks at this place and the bartender was the rudest person I've ever had the displeasure to encounter. I came in and i said hi could we grab a table outside and he immediately rudely asked me "what do you want" as though I was a bum trying to sneak in to use the restroom or still food. As we were walking out two other guests told me how miserable their experience had been with the same bartender. I brought it up to the waitress and her response was "he is sometimes in a bad mood". How the F is that ok? What a joke! How can the owners have someone as rude as this wanna be bartender represent their restaurant. The only way I'll ever go back here is if that rude miserable guy no longer works there.
AHHHHHHH, I hate to be this person... but I'm docking a star because I found this place over a popular IG post that showed the Crab Benedict... and then came into the city and got an Uber to come here and eat said Crab Benedict... and then I happily ordered the Crab Benedict... and then my dreams were crushed because they were out of crab. On a Saturday. At 1:30.

Atmosphere: Kinda on a beaten path in Philly, and a little out of your way if you're around to do touristy things. BUT that's exactly how I like my restaurants. The inside decor is super cool with sugar skulls and an old tavern feel.

Service: Attentive, and was on her A-game refilling water!

Food: YUM. YYYUUUMMMMM!!! I did order the crab benedict that they substituted with shrimp and although I was disappointed about the crab running out, this meal was FANTASTIC. Like wow. The biscuit really made the whole meal. Buttery, thick goodness. My husband had the huevos rancheros and he cleared his bowl! He said it had a kick and loved it. Also appreciated the complimentary chips & salsa.

So, I hope to be back soon to try the dish WITH the crab. And then five stars is well deserved!
The food is good but I did not appreciate my dining experience at all. The server had a pace of a sloth and forgetful -- I needed to ask for napkin, dishes, fork, boxes at least twice and it took forever. The worst thing was they had no silverware! Not that the plastic utensil are wasteful but it also diminish the eating experience. And their Fire Roast Brussels was burnt and horrendously bitter on the level that I wanted to throw up. Never again that I revisit this place.
I was there the first week they opened and clearly they were working out some kinks. I've been since and they definitely have most kinks worked out. The decor is minimal but you're not coming in for that so let's get to it. The service is friendly and much quicker these days.  The guac is good.  The plantains are delicious, and so is the slightly smoky salsa that comes complementary. However, the chips that come with the said salsa are thick (not a bad thing) and a bit too greasy (not a great thing). The carnitas were just plain old dry, these need some serious rethinking.  The tilapia tacos were a bit too crunchy and the batter on them a bit to gritty. But the flavor profile on these wasn't bad.  However, the sopas were perfect, pilled high with delicious short rib and accompaniments. The drinks were great! I'm still thinking they will work out some of those final kinks and I'll be editing this review. Seems like a great spot.
I was both excited and curious when my girlfriend told me that she had fully developed a plan for a date for us that started off with a visit to Los Camaradas.  If for nothing else I am known as a person who loves nachos and, therefore, I was shocked to hear that somehow this restaurant (touted as the producers of the Best Nachos in Philly in 2015) had eluded me all of these years.  (I love nachos so much that it was, in fact, instrumental in facilitating the deep connection between said girlfriend and I.  But that is a tale for another yelp review...)  I have tried a large number of Tex Mex restaurants in Philadelphia, many of which suffer from being either insufferably hip, uninspiringly plain, or over-priced.  Based on my girlfriend's enthusiasm I was cautiously optimistic about the experience awaiting me.

It was a Friday night and despite being very busy, we were quickly seated at the bar (as per our request.)  The vibe was mellow and diverse and I really enjoyed the décor.  In an act so entirely unlike me that it bordered on power play, I granted my girlfriend complete control of the meal selection and waited in eager anticipation for what was to come.  To start, a very friendly bartender prepared for us what my girlfriend promised would be the "best margarita of my life."  I thought it dubious that my favorite custom spicy margarita from Distrito could be dethroned as "best of my life" but did not betray my doubt to my girlfriend.  With poker face ready, I took a sip of the cucumber-jalapeno piece de resistance of margaritas--the spicy ravishment of fresh jalapenos tempered perfectly by the round salve of cucumber.  Truly and delightfully the best margarita of my life.

As we waited for food we discussed the intricacies of our emotional worlds, as lesbians often do, and were able to do so easily thanks to the ambiance and relative quiet at the restaurant despite it being quite crowded.  No awkwardly loud punk music to shout over like some hipster restaurants.  I was also pleased to notice clean gender neutral bathrooms available.

The food came out as a brigade of brilliance, a squad of scrumptious savory subsistence.  Nachos with short rib.  Plantains.  Carnitas tacos.  Brussel sprouts.  Esquites.  I ate them separately.  I shuffled them together.  I plowed through this smorgasbord with the unbridled enthusiasm of a child at an amusement park.  To my amazement, every single dish was delicious and unique.  Ultimately it truly was one of the best (if not THE best) Mexican experiences I've had in Philly.  Excellent drinks, excellent food, and top notch company (if you met my girlfriend you'd love her, too.)  I cannot wait to go back and repeat this whole glorious experience.  In fact, I was so incredibly excited to eat these Mexican Morsels again that the very next weekend we ordered from Los Camaradas for delivery, despite having already ordered Thai food, as well.  Perfecting nacho delivery is not easy, as it usually arrives to your home as a soggy mess but I was blown away but how good the nachos were yet again.  Perfectly smothered by cheese sauce yet somehow still crunchy.  I will continue to order again and again, in fact after writing this all out I may just go order them right now.
I've been to this place a few times and it's pretty solid. The first time my wife and I had dinner with some friends and enjoyed the outdoor seating. It's a nice neighborhood with a cool park across the street, check that out after your meal. I got the chorizo tacos and they were good but not great. Everyone in our group seemed to be happy with their food. 

I came back with a friend the other night for drinks and apps, it was a great choice. We tried out a few other South Philly spots but they were a little.... Hood... This place was more our style. 

We sat inside and it's a chill environment and easy to have a conversation. They also have tv's around the room so we got to watch the game. #TrustTheProcess They offer free chips and salsa so take full advantage of that because it's good! The bartender and staff were really friendly and joined in our conversation. Overall a nice spot, have fun checking it out. :-)
3.5! Great casual Mexican spot!
Free chips and salsa - yes please.
Great, friendly service. Awesome happy hour.
Mahi tacos were decent. I like the crunch from the potato sticks. Good flavor.
Loved the BBQ short rib tacos were amazing! Tender meat. Sweet BBQ sauce. Worth it. 
Will return for more!
Great neighborhood and a great place to have Mexican food. Not really a big fan of putting sour cream on everything but the sopas and nachos were pretty good! I loved my margarita though it was a little on the small side. Well worth checking this place out!
Tried Los Camaradas last week for the first time. I was unsure if they took reservations, so I called to ask. My experience on the phone was a bit... strange. I was told they were first come, first serve and decided to ask if there was a wait now. I was told there was not one yet, but that they hoped there would be one soon. As someone with the intention of walking over if there was not a wait, this threw me off a bit. Regardless, I made my way over with 3 friends. We were able to snag the last available table outside. 

The service was overall a bit slow, but our server was kind and appeared to be handling all of the tables outside so this was not a huge issue for us. After waiting a few minutes we were greeted and received a small paper with a QR code to the regular menu on one side, and a beer list on the other. Our waiter also mentioned that they had three types of margaritas that evening - house, spicy, or frozen strawberry. 

We ordered a few items to share - nachos with chicken and the guacamole. The guac portion was HUGE. There were not nearly enough chips to consume all of the guac. We did ask for more chips and we were told that would not be a problem, but sadly the chips never came. Our nachos came next, so we were able to put the guac to use. The nachos were delicious, as advertised on the website. 

I ordered the frozen strawberry margarita and WOW, it was strong. I'm not complaining. It was worth every penny because two were enough for me! 

When it came time for our actual dinner, I was pretty full from the starters and drinks so I opted to share the carnitas tacos with a friend. YUM! I love good carnitas and these did NOT dissapoint.

I will definitely be back again!
Ordered from here on UberEATS and it was pretty good.  Thanks yelpers for recommending the nachos-they were seriously on point! So much flavor and a good balance of chip to cheese to other toppings ratio.  We also got an order of fish tacos and steak tacos.  The fish tacos were pretty good.  The fresh fruit salsa and crispy plantain strips put it over the top.  The steak tacos were just ok.  It was a bigger piece of steak was in each taco and it was pretty hard to take a bite and leave some steak for the next bite to finish the taco.  Overall, id definitely order the nachos and again and probably the fish tacos too,  but would skip out on the steak ones.
Nachos nachos nachos. If you're ever craving some, definitely come here. Loaded with all kinds of goodness! And a large portion!
