Let me preface this review by saying that the food is 4 stars. We enjoyed the guacamole, short rib tacos with cactus, and chicken burrito. Flavors were awesome and ingredients were fresh. The short rib was very fatty (I spent half the meal spitting out pieces of gristle) but the flavors were good. 

But, I will not return. I watched the waitress remove the complimentary salsas from one customer's table when he left, put them in the sliding door refrigerator behind the counter, and take them out and GIVE THEM TO ANOTHER CUSTOMER 15 minutes later. Yes, I watched this with my own eyes. Removing food from one customer's table, saving it, and serving it to another customer. While it was unclear whether the first customer actually ate any of the salsa (it appeared his chip basket was very full when she removed it from the table), I am appalled and disgusted that they would re-serve food.

I'm pretty sure that's not only unsanitary, but violates code. Sorry, but I won't be back, even if the food was delicious.
Los Gallo's had a space at the Italian Market festival and my Love and I could not resist the enticing smells coming from their booth so we ordered up some steak tacos and bam- flavor bomb in your mouth. 

That little taste brought us to their restaurant for lunch this week. 

We were not disappointed! 

Parking is a mess but that is par for the course in South Philly. The restaurant is small but clean and vibrant. Service is friendly and welcoming. The food lovingly prepared, served hot and in a reasonable amount of time considering all the ingredients are fresh and so flavorful. 

Let's talk about the salsas. Holy moly. So delish. Strong depths of flavor and spicy spicy yummm can't stop eating it, take my chips away - don't you dare.  

I had chicken enchiladas mole and could have licked the plate it was so good. The side rice and beans were jammed with flavor too. They are BYO too so bring some dranks and enjoy!
Holy guacamole! What a little golden nugget in south Philly! 

Pouring rainy day and really wanted some authentic Mexican food. Usual place was closed so started a Yelp search and found this place. Quick call to place our order and with a quick 15
min turnaround time we were here. 

The music and food aroma hits you as you walk in the door. Already starving this just made me salivate behind my face mask. Yes, you could smell the deliciousness through a face mask.

Once we got in the car all masks were off! I got the chicken tacos which were filled with everything that is good. The chicken was absolutely amazing. The right amount of seasoning and the warm
tortillas just made it all good. The dipping sauces were out of this world. Spicy and sweet. My daughter had the Al Pastor tacos and all I heard was "oh my God, these are gooooood" through bites. 

Most certainly a hit! They offer inside dining with every other table taped off for safe distancing. Go! Enjoy! Thank me later!
First time ordering take out from Los Gallos over the weekend, and we loved it. Everything was ready within 15-20 minutes, which was great. 

I always have to have tacos de lengua, but we also got the tacos al pastor, tacos de tripa, and chips and guac to share. 

Everything was delicious as expected. Big cuts of soft and tender lengua. And the tripa and al pastor were nice too. I looooved the grilled pepper and green onion on the side. And they were so generous with the guac and chips! 

We don't really mind going out of the way to come here, since the food is worth it. Looks like Los Gallos is gonna be our new go-to spot for taco nights now!

Don't listen to Google, they're cash only, so bring cash, unless you want to use the ATM outside the restaurant.
The bloom has not faded from the hibiscus flower that is Los Gallos.  The mole on my chicken enchilada (delivered to the house for free) is as spicy and complex as any I've had, and certainly the finest example of the dish available for less than $10.  

If you love Mexican food, or even just haven't had any yet that blows you away, get down here to 10th and Wolf with a few bucks in cash.  It might change your life.
Just... wow. So many unexpected, and pleasant surprises! We live very close to this place so we decided to do pick-up and try their offerings in the comfort of our own home.

It's bigger inside than it looks from the outside, and nicer than I expected in terms of eat-in ambiance. It was also extremely well-air conditioned. I would bring a sweater. I'm that girl that's always cold in the air conditioning, so take that as you will. They have a very nice pastry case and the tres leches and other items all looked delicious and homemade. We will be trying those next time.

I got tacos especiales de carne asada, and E got the beef milanese cemita. We also snagged an order of chips, salsa, and guac. The salsa is mad stingy, but tasty enough, and the guac was quite good. Chips are freshly fried.

My tacos were insane! The platter weighed like two pounds and it contained 3 double-layer soft corn tortilla shells smothered in chopped grilled steak, fresh onion and cilantro, and sauteed nopales (cactus, so good) and onions. I asked for no cheese and they delivered. It was incredible and so much food. More than enough for two meals. E inhaled his sandwich and I managed to steal a bite before he finished it. Delish.

Did I mention this was all like just under $30 or something? Crazy good food. We will be back soon.
The first thing you see when you walk into Los Gallos is a few aisles of food, snacks and sauces - at first glance, this seems to be merely a Mexican grocery store. As you walk further into the store, you realize it is certainly more than that; there are a few tables set up for diners, the tantalizing aromas authentic Mexican cuisine, and a counter at the very back where you can place your order. The second thing you notice is that the place is PRISTINE. I have rarely encountered a small proprietorship in Philly, be it restaurant or grocery store, that seemed as clean and bright. 

All tacos are topped with cheese + raw onions + cilantro and served with a spicy creamy green sauce and a spicier red sauce with more heat.

I ordered the chorizo, grilled chicken, and spicy pork with pineapple tacos. The chorizo was surprisingly spicy, and definitely had the strongest flavor of the three tacos. Of the three, I think my favorite was the spicy pork, because of the way the pineapple refreshingly added sweetness and citrusy-ness to complement the heat of the pork belly. It only won by a small margin since the chorizo really was stellar. Anyway, my only criticism of the spicy pork is that I wish the pineapple had been cut up into smaller chunks, rather than one large piece, but still, I'm really nitpicking here.

These are definitely my favorite tacos in the city. I wish they had fish tacos, but you can't go wrong with spicy pork belly. 

Plus, you can really tell that the owner Luis (who is almost always there) really cares about this whole operation. He really makes a big deal about the authenticity, preparation and quality of the ingredients in all the food served here and you can really tell. 

10th and Wolf can be a bit of a trek, but it's not difficult to find street parking nearby and you can certainly do take-out otherwise. 

ps - since it's a grocery store as well, you can buy authentic chorizo, a wide variety of Mexican cheeses and interesting beverages as well.
Not only was our lunch at Los Gallos thrillingly tasty, it was also dead cheap.  Three tacos (pastor, chorizo, steak or chicken) are a lousy $5.50! If you'd rather add a single taco, it's $2. 

The quesadilla Los Gallos called my name and I had to devour it's pineapple-juiced, lightly spicy roasted pork with Oaxacan cheese in double-time ($8, including a salad with avocado).  The portions are colossal -- my boyfriend, who is known as the family garbage disposal -- only made it halfway through his Cubano torta stuffed with jamon, pastor, Milanese ham, roasted pork, breaded beef, crema, avocado, onion and refried beans!  

We washed all of this down with owner Luz's homemade hibiscus water,  a 16-oz cup of deep magenta beverage just lightly sweetened to counteract the natural tart-floral flavor of the hibiscus bloom.  

Los Gallos is cash only, open seven days a week and if you can't score one of their five tables, they deliver for free!
Came in here after reading the great reviews and a tummy full of hunger.

1. Ordered chorizo tacos (a la plancha) - unlike most other similar places which allow you to mix and match different types in one order, they did not. It baffles me why it's not possible, but okay. You do you

2. I told the (probable) owner I was going to dine in since initially I'd ordered at the counter and not taken a table right away. After I took a seat, a while, one of the servers got my order, packed. No problem, not a big deal. When I said I wanted to eat here, and if she could get me a plate, she apologized. And refused. (I was the only one at the restaurant at this point. Why couldn't I get an empty plate?) She did get me a glass of water later (which had some things floating in it, and I didn't touch it)

3.  Almost $12 for 3 tacos, so I was expecting something good. The accompanying cacti was tasty, and both the salsas they gave packed some serious punch. The chorizo felt less in quantity, and lacking in flavor. 

So I ate out of the box, because I was sooooo hungry. It's okay, I'll live. I didn't lose my calm but this was a seriously depressing experience. Also, had to go up to the counter to pay, because serving the one person dining there was not something they seemed too interested in. 
Unusual for me, I tipped absolutely nothing, since I didn't get any service. 

South Philly has multiple authentic taco places, so needless to say, I'm not going to be coming back here, ever.
Getting a delicious and authentic Mexican meal is as easy as going to South Philly.

In my initial debrief and Yelp search of Los Gallos, I was sold. Between the descriptions and photos, they had me at Al Pastor.

It's an unassuming restaurant with space for about 30 or so, and charming Mexican decor. I loved the various Iguana art on the wall. 

It's BYOB so we came prepared. Prosceco with mango Boing juice are a new combo I've come to appreciate. 

The chips were thick and crispy with an almost creamy green salsa on the side. I like the green salsa over the more chipotle/smoky red salsa.

I opted for my Al Pastor burrito style. It was a ginormous portion that probably should've been two meals. The pork had a nice crisp, salty flavor with an accompaniment of rice and beans- garnished with sour cream and avocado. 

Everyone's portions were huge and each dish looked amazing. For such quality food with large portions, the costs were pretty inexpensive.

I have a new reason to go to South Philly and the perfect place for my authentic Mexican fix.
This place is very good. However, I have to knock down one less star because their check-in offer of free guacamole and nachos no longer works. Yelp and this establishment needs to remove it or they will have a lot of pissed off customers.  When I showed the check-in offer to the waitress. She said the offer is no longer valid. The menu is very good though, and unique and they serve you a pretty good amount of food.  They only have outside dining and take out only due to pandemic, so be aware before coming here. Don't forget your sanitizers since the outside tables might be dirty. I don't think they are disinfected enough since they look kind of grimy.  Plus the seats are all outside! Who knows how many passerby have touched them.  You know what I'm saying?
If you care about great tasting Mexican food over decor, THIS is the place to be.

Located in the back of a mercado(Mexican grocery store) this small restaurant delivers big on taste. 

The horchata: smooth, creamy with plenty of cinnamon and sugar

The guacamole: Really good. Maybe not quite as good as some other places but worth getting.

The salsa and chips: Hand made chips and utterly finger licking good salsa. Beware, you could fill up just on this, its that good.

The cemita-Packed full of meat and topping in a humongous bun. The marinated pork with pineapple(al pastor) was flavorful and even better than El Jarocho, if by only a smidgeon.


As an added bonus, the grocery store had Taquis, so I bought two bags.

Damn, now I"m getting even hungrier. I may have to suffer through the Broad St. line to get some more of their great food.

In the words of Louie Anderson: "You go now!"
Simply Wow! I've heard so much about this place but never had access to a car to go into the heart of South Philly (10 and Wolf). I heard all about how great the tacos were but when I got to Los Gallos I was over whelmed by the amount of choices. I ordered three tacos; chorizo, al pastor and the steak. They were all very tasty. I also had an order of quesadillas which was the best mexican meal I've ever had. I have no idea what kind of cheese was inside the Dilla but oh geez I couldn't get enough of it. 

Go there and enjoy real Mexican. No point wasting your time on silly Center City Mexican restaurants.
I was excited to check this place out after hearing so many rave reviews on Yelp and beyond. Six of us arrived shortly after 7pm on a Friday night. It's a hole in the wall cheap place, so one would expect it would be good and fast. I would say the food was a bit beyond good. The basic tacos are on the small side but one order was plenty after munching on the free chips. Boyfriend ordered tacos rancheros, which include cheese and avocado, and they were a little bit bigger. 

Fast? Not even a little. We didn't mind the slow service because this is our monthly-or-so dinner and we were happily catching up. But when we were caught up on each others' lives and full from our dinner, it was time go. We waited for the check. Waited some more. Waved someone over to ask for the check. Went up to the counter to ask for the check (gave up when the two women flat out ignored me). Went up to the counter again (that person got their attention). Went up to the counter a third time... This whole process took at least a half hour, if not more.

I am pretty forgiving of flighty service. I know stuff happens. Take-out containers were piling up on the counter., so they were obviously busy. But brushing us off when we asked for the check FOUR times? Not acceptable. If we weren't honest people, we probably could have walked out without leaving a penny on the table and they wouldn't have even noticed.

There are plenty of taquerias in South Philly. I'll stick to ones that don't dare me to dine and dash.
Yet another Mexican gem resides in South Philly and that is Los Gallos on Wolf Street.  This is a bright and friendly taqueria that fortunately also serves delicious authentic Mexican food. And they have a large center table for a large party which was perfect for our group.  The meal begins with the typical nachos and salsas verde & roja. (The roja is actually spicy hot which is awesome!)  I then had a steak chilaquiles which was huge in portion as well as big on taste.  The fried eggs were the perfect topping and rice & beans nicely accompanied it.  And everyone loved their food whether it was enchiladas or burritos or fajitas or quesadillas.  It is byo but I ordered an horchata to quench my thirst and sometimes overuse of hot sauce. I think these roosters (Los Gallos) will be crowing for a long time in South Philly!
There must be some mistake.  There is no way that three fish tacos that cost nine dollars (that's $3 each for those not proficient in advanced mathematics) should be so huge.  I mean HUGE.  HUUUUUUGE.  They filled my corn tortillas, my belly and my heart with more love than I thought possible.  Any restaurant that can fit that much pescado in a baby tortilla is okay by me.

Shout outs go out to the tomatillo salsa and the vegetarian burrito as well.

Special bonus!  There were chiclets delivered with our check.  Nice touch, Los Gallos, nice touch.
This review is for the birria tacos which have gained popularity these days. 

Each taco has two soft tortilla soaked with the broth and have some crispness. The consommé is salty with some savory flavors but obscured by the saltiness. The beef has a little bit better flavor than the consommé but still on the salty side. It's tender but I found some fatty and tendon part. Good amount of the beef. They put the toppings (cilantro, onions, hot peppers, salsa Rojas and verde) in separate small containers. The hot peppers are really spicy hot.
I came to this place all the time because I love their food. Today I brought my friend here for dinner. From the moment we were seated, I was disappointed and regretted that I took my friend here. Our server (a lady with glasses) was rude to us. She doesn't talk much and I felt like she was kinda of annoyed for waiting on our table. 

We both had Tacos ($8 per serving)  and a side of Guacamole (a side of Guacamole costs $7...a bit pricey to be called as "side").  Several times during dinner we asked for more sauce or something else. Our server just nodded her head, but never came with out requests, so we eventually asked someone else. 

The climax happened when she gave us the bill. We only saw unreadable hand written receipt and the total amount of $27, without the breakdown of how much each item costs whatsoever. So I approached her at the cashier. Asking what are these charges for. Later on she came back with the same receipt after adding "$10, $8 and $7" on the bill. I immediately asked, I thought the Tacos are $8 per serving. She said, " you asked for Flour Tortillas, instead of Corn Tortillas. There's an extra charge for that". 
Having heard that, I told her that I used to be a server. For any kind of extra charge for substitution, as a server, we should inform our customer in advance to avoid this kind of misunderstanding. I was shocked when she replied "you as the customer should ask me if there's any extra charge since you are the one who asked for the substitution". I was so so so shocked at how rude she was. It wasn't a big deal if she just said okay. I was just giving her a constructive feedback. I was furious after hearing her response. She also said "we didn't charge you for the sauce anyway". I told her I know the sauce is free, I came here all the time. She said, "well, the first bowl is free. After that we usually charge." I came to this place too many times, I always asked for extra salsa sauce and was never charged, not even once. 

But I gave my credit card to her and just wanted to leave this place. She then said, CASH ONLY. I was like, there's credit card companies signage on the entrance door. How could it be a Cash Only restaurant now. I paid with credit card several times before. 

Regardless how good the food is, I will never come to this place again. The service is so terrible beyond my imagination. I'm surprise the owner let her work there.
Philadelphia is home to many fine dining restaurants. But also, you can find many more authentic local cuisines. Ethnic food of the people, and who doesn't like that? 

Few weeks ago, my friend David and I went to Los Gallos. Warm and charming little Mexican restaurant tucked away in South Philly, and it was hard not to brag about it too much.Did I mention it is BYOB?! 

David got the Mar & Tirra platter' and I ordered the Bistec A La Mexicana. My large plate came with a messy pile of juicy Mexican-style steak over yellow rice and beans. I devoured it, and David enjoyed his 'surf n'turf platter as well. Platters are satisfying, and can be shareable. And most important of all: mouthwatering.

We came, and we feasted. Now it's your turn, Los Gallos is worth a try.

Three and Half Yelps
I just moved around the corner from this place and I feel like I won the lottery. I was gonna try and be vegetarian this summer but this discovery just shot that to hell.  Excellent super fresh Mexican that is authentic and perfectly priced. It's one of those places that eating there once you start mapping out what you are going to order the next 5 times you go. Had the corn fungus (Huitlacoche) tacos one night and 2 nights later got the mixed grill of ribeye steak and grilled prawns. It came in a lovely set with a few different things including pico de gallo, a big scoop of guacamole, little mini cheese quesadillas, rice and grilled cactus. It's big enough for 2 meals and I am a big eater. Chips & salsa (with refills) at the beginning of the meal for free. Also, 1 liter mexican cokes that are like in a 2 foot bottle. 

HEAVEN 

They have menudo here (every day) and fish tacos that aren't fried. Tamales on saturdays & sundays. Capri suns and quarter waters in the drink fridge. Little cups of rice pudding for dessert. It's going to take actual effort not to eat here everyday.
Had to try this place since Yelpers don't like. An impromptu visit since the Phillies game got postponed. Place is a BYOB with a six pack store next door. Nice, intimate decor. Yummy chips and salsa where immediately sent to the table. My boyfriend loves Al pastor tacos and since they came highly recommended, that's what he ordered. I went with something a little more ordinary, the beef quesadilla. Both were freshly made and delicious, but this place didn't wow us. Unfortunately, we've had some really good Mexican food recently and nothing else adds up. Great tacos and prices for food around the ballpark. I can understand the rave reviews since it's one of a kind in the area, but overall not my fave.
The food here is excellent.

The service is not.

 I came into the store to get lunch for me and my girlfriend, I said "well I know I need chicken rancheros because that's all my girlfriend gets but I'm looking to get something different this time any suggestions?". I kid you not they just stared at me like I had an abnormal growth on my face while they took the orders of the three men that came in after me. 
This doesn't upset me much. What does is,

The woman taking my order was clearly very short with me cutting me off quite often in the middle of sentences while ordering. I ended up caving and getting what I usually do plus what my gf wanted.

When I returned home I realized she got my order wrong, no problem I thought I'll just walk back it's not that far but when I got there she almost refused to hear me out telling me to basically get out before I said anything.

It was a simple fix. She had given me rice instead of French fries like I had asked also given us the wrong sauce. I paid 30 dollars already with the order being wrong but she said if I wanted the FF I owed an additional 3.00 plus tax. I had already been charged 3.00 for the rice(plus tax) I didn't ask for and the FF cost 4.50. I begrudgingly hand her my card to make it right and she refused to take it because it's under the 10 dollars limit. Not to mention I've already spent over 30 dollars for a casual lunch for me and my girl. 

At this point I lose it and I want my money back so of course she take the card and I leave. I never went back to get those fries even if they didn't do something nasty to them. I'm sure they are cold and dead like my feelings for this resuraunt.
It's always a good sign when you walk into an Mexican restaurant, and everyone there but you is Mexican.  You can bet that it's probably pretty damn good.

I had been meaning to try Los Gallos after reading so many positive Yelp reviews from Yelpers who I trust.  For anyone who says that Yelp is unfair to businesses, I have to say that because of Yelp, Los Gallos got a new customer!

We decided to head over for an early dinner on a Friday night.  On the recommendation of so many Yelpers, I went with the Al Pastor Quesadilla.  This thing was MASSIVE.  I honestly had to bring half of it home because it was so much food.  And the price (I can't remember but it was around $8, I believe) was way low for the great meal that I got.

I wasn't expecting much in the way of service or ambiance-- this is a taqueria, kids.  But I thought both were sufficient for a casual meal.  Plus, I got to watch Teen Mom 2 en espanol.  My meal was made insanely better by hearing Barbara say to Janelle "You are such a little b*****" dubbed in spanish.

I docked a star because I wasn't blown away by the al Pastor as compared to my other favorite- El Zarape.  But I'm definitely going to head back and try some more of their menu offerings.  Speaking of which, Los Gallos, put your menu online so I can engage in food porn while at work!!!
Came here based on the reviews. I have to be more careful now. 

If you've been to Las Margaritas and liked it, you will not like this place. I had three chicken tacos, rice, and beans. The rice was fluffy; cool. Beans were interesting, but the beans differ depending on where you go; hmm, okay. The main event (chicken tacos) was not impressive or more star-worthy at all. The presentation was cute, but that was the best part. The chicken wasn't slow cooked; it was more like breast that were just made. You can taste the difference. I'm guessing people who love this place live in the neighborhood. This isn't a place to visit if you need to drive more than 5 minutes. 

Also, the service was poor. One worker walked out as I was walking up the steps and he didn't hold the door open for me to grab (kind of a jerk move). The hostess/waitress  was not polite. She seemed overworked though there was no one there when I walked in. I feel so bad to leave a poor review, but that's my honest opinion (if anyone cares).
This place is infested with bugs!!!

I have no idea why this place has so many good reviews. First of all, we got there around 8pm and nobody came to the door to seat us, so we had to walk all the way to the back just to get a table. When I went to use the bathroom it was infested with flies all over the ceiling. 

I ordered the cheese enchiladas with mole sauce. I also ordered a drink that never came that they tried to charge me for at the end. My meal to say the least was gross. The tortillas were hard and difficult to cut, it had barely any beans inside it and the entire dish was DROWNING in mole sauce. So much sauce that I couldn't taste my dish. My boyfriend ordered tacos which he said were tasteless. The sauces they use for the chips and salsa are sauces to add flavor to main dishes, not your traditional dipping salsa. I don't think they really know how to make mexican food, even though they advertise that it is 'traditional.' 

I'm from Chicago and have lived in California (home of the cali burrito) and we saw that this was the best place to get mexican food in phili, I am in shock. After picking up our plates we waited 10+ minutes for our check and had to go up to the back to pay our bill. Save your money and go somewhere that isn't bug infested, drowning in sauce, and more for your money. I would never come back here.
Disclaimer: I'm Mexican
Aye Dios mio.
This place has the best Mexican food in the city. The prices are cheap but the food, oh man, it's like being home.  Their selection of Mexican soft drinks is the largest I've seen. It even had brands I never saw before. 

The parking situation can be tough since it's in a residential neighborhood but it's definitely worth it!
Service was awful. Waited forever and the lady was very unpleasant and seemed uninterested.  Messed up our order, the food was sloppy and I truly felt disappointed since these place seemed to have good reviews. They did not care they messed up the order and didn't seem to care we were even there and the place wasn't even busy. If you can definitely skip it!
This review is for two things only:
BEST TORTAS IN THE CITY
Try the Al Pastor, absolutely delicious. But if you don't like spicy make sure you remove the jalapeños before biting...
Warning, the sandwiches are muy grande!

Aaaaaand...
BANGIN' HORCHATA!
Not as good as Que Chula or El Jarocho but really tasty.

And okay I lied number 3...
Nopales here are cooked perfectly and taste delicious!
This is definitely the best tacos in Philadelphia.  Having moved from California last year, I find that looking for (real) Mexican food on the East Coast is usually an exercise in futility.  I recently found an apartment in South Philly, though, and I now know that there is hope!

While there is a lot of great places to get tacos around South Philly, none of those places even touches what you get at Los Gallos.  Don't get me wrong, Veracruzana is okay (American cheese in your burritos?), El Costeno is pretty good (Tons of bones in the barbacoa), and Jarocho is really solid too (Huge price jump since the gringos caught on) - but Los Gallos goes the extra mile.  It's also less expensive.  Double whammy.

Nothing even comes close to the orange-ish colored charred corn salsa you get at Los Gallos.  They'll hook you up with a great standard tomatillo based one, but when you taste that corn salsa, you'll forget the tried-and-true salsa verde even exists.

The proteins from Los Gallos are notably superior to the other listed restaurants as well in that they are always seared well enough for a good dose of the old 'Maillard reaction.'  I know this is one of the most simple rules of cooking good food - but this is the only place that consistently gets it down right.  While I've heard whispers that the owner does lamb barbacoa on the weekends, I've yet to experience that specific menu item, so I'll refrain from commenting.

So, my ranking for Mexican food in Philly goes like this as of now:

Los Gallos
El Jarocho
El Costeno
Tacos Veracruzana
Everything else
I can't believe I have not reviewed this place! Los Gallos is our go-to Mexican restaurant and we have to travel about 20 minutes to get here. The menu is so extensive and the food here isn't as greasy as some of the other Mexican restaurants I've been to. When you arrive they give you a basket of chips and two different kinds of salsa.

Over the last 2 years my husband and I have probably been to Los Gallos about 7 times!  I don't eat pork or beef but there are plenty of seafood, poultry and vegetarian options that I enjoy. My favorite dish is the shrimp fajitas. It comes with so much food -- shrimp, peppers, onions and lettuce on a sizzling plate with tortillas, rice, beans and guacamole on the side. I usually get sour cream (or creama) on the side because since I put a few dabs of hot sauce or salsa on the food I usually need a cooling component. My husband has several favorite dishes, including, Alambre El Paisano and Pollo Norteno. Those dishes come with plenty of food and plenty of flavor as well. Los Gallos -- we love you!
I just recently moved to South Philly and wanted to get a late night dinner with my friend, we found Los Gallos on Yelp... the number of high-star reviews and single dollar sign had us hooked, especially since it was only a short walk away from us! 

I originally thought I'd get a carnitas taco or burrito but when I saw that they had lengua on their menu I gasped. It was thirty minutes before closing and I was worried they wouldn't have any left (this has happened to me before at other places). The waitress was so sweet and friendly, and I was truly excited to hear that they still had the lengua. 

The burrito de lengua was large but nicely adorned with avocado, tomatoes, and cheese. However the inside was so much better. There was so much tongue in the burrito, and each piece of was soft, tender, and flavorful. It was perfectly paired with the other fillings and flavors in the burrito. 

Hands down, this was the best meal I've had in a long, long time. I grew up eating beef tongue and have found it hard to find in restaurants and know it is difficult to prepare at home (at least from my memories of my great-grandma!). This place will definitely be a place I come back to on a regular basis.
Amidst all the cheesesteaks, gastropub chow, Reading Terminal fare, and pork/broccoli rabe/smoked provolone hoagies, Los Gallos was the unanimous winner for best food the last time a group of us went to Philly.

Located in South Philly, Los Gallos is a tiny unassuming mercado with a kitchen counter and a handful of tables in the back.  The chef is super friendly and came out to greet us and talk about various items on the menu with us - which really helped us narrow down what we wanted to try.  He is from and attended culinary school in Puebla, Mexico.  And cooks Mexican food.  On the East Coast! 

The tortas are overstuffed and the size of 2 sandwiches.  The alambre is the predecessor to fajitas with bacon - enough for 2, with tons of tortillas on the side.  The taco platters contain 3 huge tacos, not the small ones that you can order singly. Everything comes with housemade hot sauces/salsas you can add as you like and grilled chiles.

Best authentic Mexican taqueria food I've found so far on the east coast*, from NYC down to Miami - which is not saying much since there is such a dearth of it on the East Coast.  Who knew it was hiding out in South Philly?

*Another update will be done once I finally hit up R&R up in MD.
I came here for a Spanish Project but I no longer care about what grade I get because WOOO this place was good! 
I ordered tacos rancheros with fish and it came in an order of three. The fish was decadently covered in spices and wrapped in a tortilla with avocado slices, lettuce, tomatoes, and cheese. For less than $10, the amount of food served was worth it fosho. 
The Quesadilla de Gallos was even better than the tacos. Inside, there was roasted pork (pastor) and pineapples to pair with savory melted cheese. The quesadilla was definitely unique from any I've had before and it came with a small serving of lettuce and tomatoes on the side of the dish. 
To top off the meal, I ordered their refreshing horchata that fit perfectly with the rest of the food. 
Although it's a little bit far from downtown philly, if you're craving Mexican food, this is the place to go!
This was the best traditional Mexican food I have ever had...hands down the best.

Reasons for why it was the best?  Well the atmosphere is what you expect because it is a small corner market/eatery that seems very homey.  The staff was very nice and courteous while dining, even the chef/owner came out and said hello and gave us a sample of their homemade Horchata.  More chefs should do this, it makes a great difference to have the chef make sure you are enjoying your dishes, especially when they are as sincere and genuine as this particular chef appeared.

I chose the Tacos Al Pastor Rancheros w/ a side of Frijoles con Arroz, while my girlfriend chose the Chicken Enchiladas Verde.  We also got the guacamole which was very fresh and had a limey tastiness.  This I might tell you was a considerable amount of food after we had devoured almost two baskets of chips w/ the delicious green salsa and another lightly tomato/pepper based salsa as dips.

The Tacos Al Pastor Rancheros were excellent, the meat at the bottom with a crema sauce, lettuce, tomato, jalapeno, avocado, and Oaxaca Cheese on top....fantastic.  The Chicken Enchiladas were great, they were served in a different manner than I had ever seen, where the tortillas were in the sauce and the Chicken was to the side.  I assumed this is the traditional manner to serve the dish, by cutting the tender chicken and placing it in the tortilla?  I wasn't sure of the the process nonetheless it was a very good dish with an exceptional amount of verde sauce.  

I have to point out I am a sucker for Rice and beans and they were so delicious topped with the Oaxaca cheese which is fantastic.  If you get a dish that does not have them, they are worth the $4 extra.

There might be only one gripe I have with the whole dinner and that was the fact we received the guacamole at the same time as our dishes, would have preferred to had it earlier.

Service was very kind and on point, I will be back soon with anyone and everyone.  

Muchas Gracias por una experiencia maravillosa
This is now my favorite Mexican spot in south philly. Now that I have moved closer to this neighborhood I've been testing out the different spots that are within walking distance but have decent seating. I have ordered from here a few times and it does take a long time so eating in is preferred. The beef tongue tacos are good as well as their quesadillas. Also their chile / salsa with the chips are spicy, wow! It's very authentic and worth coming to.
Best tacos in Philly. Hands down.

I love the Chorizo and Al Pastor tacos without cheese.

My girlfriend loves the Chicken ones and the Al Pastor with cheese.

Also definitely try the Quesadilla Los Gallos, which is a pretty unique and delicious experience. It's basically an Al Pastor quesadilla which for the uninitiated is specially marinated pork with cheese and pineapple.

I grew up in California, definitely know my tacos, and had almost come to the conclusion that I would not find a decent taco in Philly. I randomly stopped by this place while incredibly hungry and wondering what to do since my normal sandwich spot (Lombardi's) was closed. Thank god I did, because now I'm hooked. Their prices are super low ($5.50 for 3 tacos!) and they are open late (10-11 PM) so you just can't go wrong.

Just stick to the tacos and quesadillas because the burritos (which aren't even on the menu) are not great.
South Philly is known for its authentic Mexican food - everyone knows that. I just had to verify it for myself ;) Everything you've been reading on Yelp is pretty much true - slow/bad service but delicious and authentic Mexican food with generous-sized portions. Unfortunately, you're not able to mix and match your tacos (you have to get 3 of all the same meat) but the carnitas was absolutely delicious. Fatty, as the waitress warned us but still recommended, but once in a while it's OK to splurge haha. I wasn't sure what mole sauce was (n00b, I know) but it's a chocolate sauce that was "traditional" for the enchiladas. My boyfriend loved it but if I were to order it again, I would want to try the green sauce.  The complimentary chips and salsa in the beginning is a hefty portion - green isn't as spicy as the red just FYI. Parking can be a nightmare so I'd recommend trying to beat the dinner crowd. Prices were great, food quality was good but again, service was subpar (we seated ourselves and it took them forever to get our order).
Thank you fellow Yelpers for pointing me here.  

Wound up in South Philly last night after an Ikea run.  The Ikea cafeteria was closed, so I needed a bite around 9pm.  Took a quick spin of the Yelp app, and saw this place sitting in the 4.5 star range after 125 reviews.  That was enough to convince me.  Based on previous reviews, I went for the guacamole and chips, and for the Al Pastor tacos.  

Now, I have to count one strike against them on one thing.  One restaurant pet peeve is when they won't accommodate a relatively simple request.  I like to try different kinds of tacos at these places.  Most Mexican places will happily do a plate of tacos where each one has different meat, for instance one chicken, one steak, and one pork.  This place does not offer that option, and when I asked if they could do it, despite all of them being on the same part of the menu at the same price point, I was told no.  

BUZZZZ.... sorry, wrong answer.  Strike one.   It's not an unreasonable request.  Honor it.  

Now, I'm happy to report that will be the only strike against them.  

Because, in the end, the three Al Pastor tacos I was forced to choose were quite excellent.  Good flavor to them all around.  I suppose there are worse things than being forced to eat all of the same kind of taco.  

I enjoyed the guacamole too.  Though I found the recipe to be more simple than other guacamole I've had.  I like a little more flavor to it.  But I can't argue with the freshness.  I'd eat it again.  

I suppose I'll just have to come back two more times and try the chicken tacos one time, then the steak the next time.
This place is awesome!

Kind of a diamond in the rough, you wouldn't expect a place this place to be where it is, but it's in the heart of South Philly and is authentic Mexican at its finest.

When you arrive you are offered complimentary chips with not just traditional salsa, but also a green chile/avocado type green salsa that is incredible.  And to make that even better, its bottomless, so they continue to refill it as you wait for your food.

We ordered three burritos, one carne asada, one chorizo and one spicy pork.  I had the spicy pork it was outstanding, great reviews from the other two burritos as well.  This came as a recommendation from a friend of mine who has had other things there and says that everything is great.  It was reasonably priced, tasty and good service.  Food took a little longer to come out, but everything was made to order and it was incredibly tasty.

If I had to compare this to Taco Riendo, which might be the top 2 places for authentic Mexican in the city, I give this a leg up, it's close, but I think this gets a leg up.  Place is awesome, check it out.
SO disappointed in the food here.

Why did I try Mexican in South Philly?

I relied on high Yelp reviews and was totally let down. :-(

We compared to our go-to Mex restaurant in Norristown, Taqueria La Michoacana, who does not have reviews as high as this place, but, comparatively, deserves 10 times the stars this place has.

The chips were low quality from a supplier, neither made in-house, nor higher quality from a supplier. Guac was flavorless.

I had to spit out half the pork in my enchiladas because it was gristle and hard stuff (bone?). Basically, I had to eat like a truck driver, and make use of the stack of napkins on the table. YUK!

Mole sauce was watery, and flavorless, except for heavy spice, which I told them I didn't want, and would have chosen a different entree if server had been honest.

My husband ordered the same thing, except with steak, which was a little better quality than the pork. Oh, my plate was chipped too.

Did NOT want to stick around for dessert.

Overall, a bad experience, and I would not go back.

I'll stick with our go-to in Norristown, and I have no idea why this place has the reviews it does.. bill was cheep, maybe that's it?

YUK! I cannot get the feeling of that gristle in my mouth out of my head!
$5.50 for three tacos? Unbelievable.

I can't wait to go back. I went on a Wednesday afternoon where there was no business whatsoever but they still made my order within ten minutes and packed it with great al pastor, carne molida, and pollo. I have no complaints. They each were individually spiced to perfection and the portions were perfect, not too much nor too little.

If it weren't for the location, I'd go weekly. Thankfully, I am told they do delivery as far north as Christian (where I live) and thus I am going to have to make a mega order next time I crave Los Gallos.

Even if you don't feel like going down there, GO DOWN THERE! You have nothing to lose! There's also a great thrift store two blocks east (American Thrift) that is worth the trip down to deep south Philly. 

Get some tacos here. Get a Mexican Coke. Be happy you came.
A friend and I saw good reviews for Los Gallos on Yelp and decided to go here. I am so glad we did - this place is phenomenal.

The ambience was authentic, our waitress was very nice, and most of all...  the food was SO flavorful. 

I got the shrimp rancheros and they were sublime. Each piece of shrimp had so much taste, everything tasted high quality... it was a big treat. If I lived closer I'd be here all the time!

Definite 5/5. SO good.
This place is a hidden gem! After hearing about it from my boyfriend's Mexican friends (its now their favorite place to order), we have been back multiple times! The food is simple, fresh and addictive! And they deliver! 

The place is small, from the outside looks like a typical corner store. But in the back are a few tables and a counter for ordering. Everything is made to order, giving you time to wander around the store. Side Note: On my last visit, their produce looked better than anything I have seen recently in a supermarket! If I lived one that side of Broad St, I would shop there often. 

The food is worth the wait! Ive had the chorizo tacos and spicy pork w/ pineapple tacos. My BF has ordered the black corn & mushroom quesadilla and one of the extremely large Tortas. All are delicious, and even when your full, you want more! The side sauces make you wish they gave you something to dip into them. 

The only negatives: Parking is hard. This is South Philly, so you will need to circle for a spot or double park. If your local, its worth walking. If your a Gringa like me, you may have some trouble ordering over the phone due to the language barrier. Several of the items on the menu are similar if your not clear. Our last visit, our order was wrong, but we were happy to wait (the food IS good). 

This place is definitely worth a try for homemade food at great prices!
Delicious Mexican fare - got the fish tacos rancheros which were reasonably priced, tasted great and super filling.

Heard from others to avoid the platters - they have a pickled cactus topper which doesn't sound that appealing to me but to each their own.

Highly recommend! Just to note - I walked her to pick up take out, it may be tough to find parking for those not in the area.
As much of a Mexican population we have in Philly, there aren't many great authentic Mexican restuarants in the city.  I always love my friends' Maribel, Veronica and Alberto's home-cooked Mexican meals, but found it hard to find anything comparable in the Philly food scene until my I discovered Los Gallos!!

It's also BYOB!  I am sucker for BYOBs!  The dishes are reasonably priced, with large portions and we always leave with leftovers!

Ambiance:  Small, low-key, relaxed, great for a chill dinner party with little fuss.

Service:  It can be a bit slow sometimes and you end up eating more nachos than you really should.  But the staff is super friendly.

Food:  Love it!  Simple, authentic Mexican dishes!  My go-to's are the Enchiladas Poblanas con Pollo Asado en Mole (Chicken enchiladas in mole sauce) and Tacos A La Plancha con Costilla De Res (Grilled beef short ribs tacos with grilled cactus).  I love their cactus and their mole sauce!  Yum!! The beef can be a bit salty sometimes, so I usually ask them to use less salt.

Drinks:  I have to say it agaim, it's BYOB!  I don't usually drink soda, but when here, I have their Coke.  They serve "Mexican Coke" which is made with real sugar, not the crappy syrupy soda that's made in the US.  You have to specifically ask for the Mexican Coke, otherwise, they may serve you the American one...  They also serve horchata and fresh jimaca water.
Just an update:  This taqueria is still solid, but it's a full fledged restaurant now.  I do think it's a little more average compared to the other Mexican places in South Philly.  If you want tacos, it's tough to beat Prima Fonda right now.

Groupon is doing an pretty amazing deal for Los Gallos right now, though.
The go to spot as of late and has never disappointed. $8.50  burritos that are tasty as hell and leave you stuffed.  I've had the chicken, pork, and tongue all of which are awesome.  Tacos Al Pastor are ridiculous.  They deliver if you want to stay home.  It's also a byob if you want to hang out there and swig a few brews. 
Awesome food + cheap price+ byo= 5 stars. Don't change a thing!!!!
Decided to order from Los Gallos because of the great reviews on yelp.

I got the chicken tacos which was 3/$5. 
Let me tell you, these are the freshest, best tasting tacos I've ever had! It came with two types of sauces the milder green sauce, and an orange spicy sauce. I love spicy food so the orange sauce was perfect! 
It left me full and happy :)

The Guacamole was fresh and came with a bagful of chips! 

Speedy delivery, excellent food, and inexpensive , I am now a fan!
oh MAN I had a great lunch here this weekend!  I developed a craving for Mexican that was too strong to ignore, so I hopped on my trusty steed and cycled down to Los Gallos.  This place has been getting almost as much buzz as Hardena, but I wasn't overly impressed with Hardena, so I wasn't quite sure what to expect.

What I found was a pleasant space with Mexican groceries, bins of dried hot peppers and a radio pumping out Spanish Monster Ballads.  The menu was straightforward and so was my order; I decided to go for the chicken tacos.  I took a seat at one of the five tables, and about ten minutes later I was serenaded with three tacos, two sauces and a grilled jalapeno.  

What struck me the most was how fresh and clean the flavors were - starchy corn tortillas cooked perfectly, melted queso fresco, a sprinkling of onions & cilantro, and a delicious avocado-based spicy sauce for dressing.  What this place lacks in frills it makes up for in taste and price ($5.50 for all of that!)

I wish that Los Gallos was closer to Center City so that I could go more often for lunch.  However, I will definitely be making weekend trips to explore their menu.
I don't make it my business to scour S. Philadelphia's tacqueria's, but I got wind of this one and it was so super winningly worth it!  Sometimes you see a place like this in a neighborhood like that (not terribly intimidating but certainly off the beaten path) and it just feels like too big a gamble, but this place was delightful on the inside, clean, cheerful and the gentlemen helping us was a young guy and couldn't have been more friendly or eager to serve.  I had the short rib tacos which were excellente, we had a fajita special and spicy pork and pineapple tacos at our table as well.  Everything was visually yummy and actually yummy.  I can't wait to go back and order the rest of the menu!  The guac was also delicious! The also have the coke with real sugar....i mean really? Fantastic!  I was recently on a trip to mexico and ventured into town for some real grub and the place I went was virtually interchangeable only this one was friendlier and english speaking, but the food could have been the same, so authentic, so worth the trip. 10th and wolfe, be there....
My family ate there Saturday night after going out in Philly.  The restaurant is more of a take out place, and although there are tables, it is quite a casual environment; the store is very small and it doubles as a place to purchase Mexican groceries.

The food was overall pretty good.  The guacamole salsa in the beginning was fantastic, kind of a blend of guacamole and chili verde.  There was another hot pepper sauce to dip chips into.  I love spicy food and both were spicy.

One member of the party got the carnitas tostadas.  They were not very good.  The meat was basically chewy pork fat with little flavor; this was definitely the worst tasting dish we had.

My sister and I both had the same dish, a trio meat platter with fajitas.  It was quite good, with the spicy pork being the best.  There was chicken and steak too which was decent, though needed a bit more flavor.  Anyway, leaving the restaurant, everyone was fairly content with the food.

BUT, 1.5 days later, my sister and I were both sick with food poisoning symptoms.  I hate to call a place out with food poisoning, but we had the same dish, had the same symptoms, and were sick starting at the same time.  I saw a food poisoning issue from another commenter and problems with cleanliness from another.

So it is a tough call, people seem to like this place and the food is fairly good.  But, I doubt I will be back; the food wasn't that good.
I would love to come to this place every single day but I fear for my life everytime I park my car (I go at night). Tacos are awesome (Chicken, Bistec, and Al Pastor) but the one that was right on the money were their Tortas. I tried their fried chicken and steak torta and not only did I feel fat but I also was ready to go to heaven. Trust me, I would have died happy right then and there. My vegetarian friend loved their cheese quesadilla and burrito. The cheese was stringy and flavorful. 

I lived in Arizona for a good 3.5 years and been to Mexico a couple of times and this place is as authentic as it gets in Philly!
Oh man Los Gallos!

I finally made my way down here and I think everything I heard was true.  Having never been to Mexico, I can't speak to how authentic anything was.  I can say that what I ate was delicious and I'm ready to come back here whenever someone says the word.

After an evening of beer drinking, a buddy and I felt like some Mexican food.  We stopped in here around 9pm on a Saturday and this place was jumpin.  We got one of the last tables.

The chips and two salsas were both awesome.  Red and green salsas both had very assertive flavors and kept me wanting more with each chip.

My chorizo burrito was nearly perfect.  It was the right size, had the fillings that I love and the price was spot on.  I'm not sure I've been so full or so satisfied in Philadelphia for a better price.

The staff was very pleasant and the decor of this place makes you feel like you're at a quinceanera.  It was really fun and delicious and I'll be returning many times over.
The best authentic Mexican food I have had in Philadelphia in a long time. 

The restaurant/bodega is very cute with a huge selection of Latin American spices, cheeses, rices, and dried peppers- a must if you are creating an authentic dinner at home. 

And eating here, is out of this world. 

I enjoyed the "Earth & Sea" platter. The sauce they use to saute the shrimp, chicken, & steak is addicting. (I am going through withdrawal right now) Dip that with home made tortilla's and you are in Mexican heaven. 

My partner had the Burrito Supremo with chicken and he made a special request to fill the burrito with that red spicy sauce that they serve you with the chips in the beginning; it was a perfect balance between sweet & spicy. 

We will be eating here often in the future and I am so glad we found this place.
Wow the reviews are true! In searching for a delivery for my Mexican craving I typically go to grubhub for the ease of ordering online and not having to speak to anyone. However while simultaneously browsing Yelp I couldn't resist a taqueria with such great reviews. Grubhub please add Los Gallos!
Anyway ordered the chorizo and al pastor tacos with cheese, rice and beans side. Food arrived promptly ad still warm.
Whoah the portions- in fact I have enough for dinner tonight after the Bf stole 2 Tacos. Rice and beans were pretty generic but definitely satisfied the craving.  Tacos had double corn tortillas and taste incredibly fresh. Cheese was a bit congealed but still had a nice taste. Al pastor could use a tad more pineapple but had a nice spicy taste. Sauces on the side were a great addition.
Definitely a fantastic delivery option for Mexican.
If you want an authentic real Mexican food, this place is a must go! One of the best Mexican restaurant in Philadelphia. They make everything from scratch. Their portion is huge and the price is reasonable, especially their sandwich, Cimita (bread chicken). It's the size of my head lol, and their Taco al pastor, and shrimp taco is delicious.       Anyway, I'm not a salad type person except when it comes to Los gallos salad is one of the best salad I ever had. It comes with load of bacon, avocado, grilled chicken, onion, tomato, cheese with chipotle sauce dressing, basically everything in this salad is amazing good. Also you need to try some of their Mexican drinks. They have many varieties to choose from. We tried their hibiscus tea and it was really good and so refreshing. I highly recommend anyone who love Mexican food should come eat here. You won't be disappointed.
I'm only updating this to say it is still and always will be one of my favorite Mexican places. Eat here whenever possible. 

Great staff, great food, sooo awesome.
I have been going to Los Gallos for years and I have never had a bad meal. I have tried many items on the menu from the basic tacos to the enchiladas and mole. All of it fantastic! The owner is a great guy, the staff is friendly and fast and on Friday and Saturday nights it can be hard to get a table. However, there is always the take out option. I personally love the Beef tongue tacos, sliced thin and tender.

Side note don't park near 7th and Wolf or near 7th st in that area. It's gangland and full of junkies. Always park on 10th st  or toward  11th st.
Little corner spot in South Philly. They give you chicklets with your order. Cute! Their guac is great!! 3 tacos for $5.50. Can't beat that. I love the veggie ones without cheese. When we are there they gave me sliced avocado and these amazing roasted baby spring onions. When we got takeout, no avocado and only one onion. Strange. Super delish nevertheless. The onions are amazing! I have to ask then their secret. The hibiscus water is yummy and pretty colored. Colorful flags decorate the place. They barely speak English but haven't misunderstood me yet. Love having this close by!
A bit expensive for tacos but worth trying out. Would not recommend the chips (bland and slightly over cooked) or the fish tacos but the al pastor and guac were faboo. Sauces were really great. 

Revisited and ate at the restaurant and liked it even more. Changing rating to 4 stars. Excellent service on sidewalk café. They even switched around tables for us to move into the shade.
cash only
byob
freshly made
fish tacos.  tilapia.  it was fried but not too badly. 
red salsa hot n yummy
guy running the jaun was super nice 
$10 for 3... try it
BYOB!!!

Good stuff here. Comfort food...Mexican-style baby!  What I like are those nachos. They're best with chicken and it's rustic as all hell. The chips are nice and thick so it can take the weight of all the toppings. 

I've also had the Milanesa de Pollo, Chicken & Shrimp fajitas, and a grilled chicken torta. Of the 3 the Milanesa was my favorite. It's accompanied with beans, rice, a salad, pico, and some hot peppers. Yeah, the peppers are hot. I wasn't sure if it was jalapeños or not but damn...and I can take the heat. It definitely got me though, so if you see a grilled pepper take a baby bite at first to gauge the heat.  

There's really no need for appetizers here. The entries are huge and you get free chips and salsa so that should hold you over until your order arrives. 

Lots of seating but it's self-seating.  Parking?  Haha. 

Can you handle it...
Excellent food at an excellent price. Living in a mixed omnivore/herbivore marriage this little spot has something for everyone. Their enchiladas are especially excellent. (As an added bonus they even sell fresh fruits and vegetables.)
True authentic Mexican. Everything was perfect. The food was exactly the way you would expect from a place like this, priced how you like, nice staff, fast service, and nice interior.
Everything was excellent. From the salsa to the entree. The service could have been a little quicker but it was very busy and the food made up for it. The portions are a good size too. We will definitely be back.
I am always on the lookout for authentic Mexican food. As far as I'm concerned, this place is as good as it gets. From the outside, this looks like any other corner bodega found in the city. However, the interior is remarkably clean and well-kept. The owner was working the register and was very polite and took my order without being awkward. I got the Tacos Ranchero. This was a little more expensive than the standard three taco deal they have going on, but they throw a lot more toppings in the mix. I am a huge fan of guacamole and avocados in general which are utilized very well here. This place uses fresh ingredients and the food actually has taste and spice.....I didn't even have to apply hot sauce
What's black corn fungus? I don't know, but I love it! They don't mess around with cheese in that quesadilla either; it's not your typical processed plant cheese. It's squeaky cheese! I don't know what it's really called, but squeaky cheese does it for me. It's like fresh poutine cheese curds from Quebec...God I miss those.

Their salsas are super hot, so get horchata. Yum.
A really good Mexican restaurant. My usual go to is the Camarones el Diablo (shrimp and tilapia in spicy sauce), which is typically really good but at my most recent order it was a bit too salty. I also really like their Majorra Frita (fried fish), I love the way it is fried: crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside -- for a fried fish, it is also not oily at all. 

Their portion is out of this world. For my most two recent dish that I ordered, it came with side of Mexican rice, salad and stacks of tortillas. Usually, if you dine in they also give you a basket of chips and salsa. Always coming out feeling full!
With all of the positive feedback and review Los Gallos is receiving, I know my personal review will hold little significance but it is not stopping me from writing! I have visited Los Gallos on multiple occasions and have even had their to go service and was more than pleased every time. My favorite is the Al pastor(no cheese, please). The portions and pricing are on point. The service and cleanliness are too. Highly recommended authentic Mexican!
Just now as I started thinking 'Where should I begin?' I think I started salivating.  I had no idea about this place, but I was in the area desperately craving something wrapped in a tortilla, and Yelp came through!  My friend and I loved the whole visit.  The interior is cozy and there's even a TV.  While eating, you can visually browse all the stuff available at this little eatery/convenience store (I believe the word is 'tienda'!).  

The waitress was really friendly and eager to explain to me what was in the burrito I wanted.  It was some sort of vegetable/mushroom combination, and damn, it was good (I believe it was #69 on the menu)!  My friend had the pork sandwich and loved it too.  It's a warm, low key little place that you can trust to fill you up!
Food: 4.25
My partner and I ordered the chorizo (Mexican sausage) tacos de la casa and costilla de res (short rib) tacos de la plancha, respectively. No complaints about the tacos! My goodness we loved the seasoning, texture, and the salsa verde/salsa roja. We also loved the horchata. The only product that fell flat was the choco-flan. I bought it on impulse, texture was fine; however, the flavor was flat. I was disappointed the flan was bland and so was the chocolate cake. With that said I'll give their regular flan a chance next time. 

Service: 5 Out of 5
Obviously due to COVID-19 we're only allowed to do take out only. Regardless, the service was wonderful. While the the cashier was on the phone with another customer the man assisting her took the time to acknowledge me and take my order so I wouldn't be waiting too long. 

Overall: 4.5 Out of 5
This taqueria aficionada votes a definite yes for the savory food!
By far the best Mexican food I've ever had. I don't really even know what else to say about this place. Everything I've ever had here just leaves me wanting more...and it's not because of the portion size. The portions are huge. The prices are very reasonable. The people here are very friendly and welcoming.
Ordered a family's worth of food for just two of us in celebration of Mexico's Independence Day.... Quesadillas, chorizo cemita poblano, various tacos. While it wasn't fresh because we were stuck in traffic on our way back, the food was still quite delicious and of a rather authentic "homey" countryside Mexican style (according to someone from Mexico City). The only disappointment was that after spending all that time and money, they messed up one of our orders, giving us plain mushroom quesadillas instead of squash blossoms. We will definitely try them again when we can eat a fresher version and make sure our order is correct. Oh and they had very nice portion sizes!
This place is a cute little Mexican Restaurant in South Philly. While the outside does not seem anything spectacular, once you walk inside the atmosphere is electrifying. The walls are colored and the entire place is lit up in color. It gives off a great vibe. 

When you dine in you get free chiclets with your bill which is adorable. The food is overall fantastic. I order the shrimp tacos rancheros. It is shrimp with sour cream, onions, cilantro and fresh avocado. They are my favorite thing I have ever ordered. Their nachos are good but I had them delivered so by the time that they got here most of them were soggy- my fault for ordering nachos for delivery because that is inevitable. My husband had their quesadilla once and the cheese was extremely thick and we were unsure what types of cheese they used but it was not very good in our eyes. Their rice and beans is also delicious and burritos are huge and delicious! Getting an order of guacamole as an appetizer will be a great decision on your part! 

I frequent here pretty often for take out and the few times that I have eaten in were definitely my favorite! Unfortunately I have experienced issues quite a few times when I have tried to order take out/delivery. Either their phones were constant busy for over an hour or ringing with no answer so I drove there to order the food and find out that they are just not answering their phones because they are ringing off the hook. I have waited over an hour for 2 orders of tacos once and the other night they told me that today they were not accepting credit cards- after I placed my order. Overall these issues have all happened within the past year but I order there once a week still because they have the best shrimp tacos that I have ever tasted! 

If you are considering giving this place a try I would suggest dining in because I have never had an issue with that and their shrimp tacos racheros will change your life! Just be prepared that the neighborhood is street parking and it can take a few minutes of driving around to find a spot.
I have found that the best Mexican restaurants are the out-of-the-way, small, independent places. This place fits the bill and is awesome. The food is fabulous and authentic. I highly recommend a cemita or tacos a la plancha. The portion sizes are huge and the prices are cheap. The servers are very friendly. This is quickly becoming my favorite Mexican spot in Philly. The only reason it gets 4 instead of 5 stars is that my mouth was absolutely watering for a tamal on a Saturday night, and, although the menu says they have tamales "Sabados y Domingos", they really only have them on Domingos. That made me sad.
LOVED this place. The food wasn't too spicy, the service was great and it's BYOB. I'll be back and look forward to trying out their breakfast options.

And for what it's worth, this place is an active participant of the Lower Moyamensing Civic Association. That means something to me because it shows that they care about their neighborhood. 

One bummer that you might encounter is that this place only seats 25-ish people. My suggestion would be to get there before 7pm, especially if you're rolling with a group of 4+.
I love this place.  I always get the tacos, which are well seasoned and delicious.  The horchata is great, too.  Seems like it's made in house.  If you eat in you get chips and 2 salsas.
O M G. I ordered delivery from Los Gallos yesterday and it was seriously amazinggg! Now when ordering Mexican, I always order steak tacos- they're just my weakness. These were exceptionally delicious because the steak was not in tiny tiny pieces like other places, you would tell it was actually sliced steak. 

I also ordered the Quesadilla Los Gallos on a whim because I wanted to get a few meals out of my order and I was feeling a little adventurous. I can't begin to explain how much I fell in love with this. It was full of roasted pork with a bar-b-que-ish sauce and pineapples and cheese and yummy-ness! I'm pretty sure I had dreams about it last night! 

The pico de gallo and guac were no disappointments either. My roommates and I had no problem finishing both dips off during Girls and Shameless, our Sunday night staples. 

The only negative is that once you finish the food, there is no more :( 

Guess I'll have to order more today! 

Oh, and the prices are super cheap (3 tacos for $5.50) 

I will probably be ordering from here once a week.
They have pretty good tacos and aguas frescas! The only gripe I have is their timing and consistency. I can't guarantee that my tacos al pastor will actually taste similarly to the last time I had them. Also waiting is a bit dramatic, but they're good sports about it.

I think it's hard being a Mexican place in South Philly in general, but when you have another place right across the street, I think there's an even higher sense of needing to set yourself apart. I think they're overall a great place, but if they had something that screamed "Los Gallos is THE Mexican place to be for X" I think they could do so much better.

But if you're not picky or just hungry, it's safe to run in, grab a table, and nom on some food.
Had the chorizo tacos. These are authentic Mexican tacos with onions and cilantro. Very good. The guacamole could use some salt
5 Chicken Quesadilla with Chihuahua cheese served with lettuce and pico de Gallo. The quesadillas had the perfect amount of chicken and cheese. The tortillas tasted homemade and were really good!
5 Carne Asada Burrito filled with rice, beans, Bell peppers, onion and Oaxaca cheese, pico de Gallo, topped avocado and sour cream. Really solid burrito with all the fixings at no additional cost. 

Overall 5: Amazing Mexican food and attentive service.  Atmosphere inside is super energetic and festive. You get free chips and salsa before you even order! Both salsas are a little spicy. Great prices too, nice that it's BYOB too!
So I remember this place being a mini grocery store that also served tacos on the other half of the store front YEARS AGO - maybe a decade. Now it seems they have changed to a full fledged restaurant, which I am sure that happened a while ago when authentic tacos were gaining popularity! I am glad for them to gain so much respect and business! I started out with ordering tacos and tortas here exclusively as a teen and now they still have wonderful food. What's even better now is that they do have indoor seating and outdoor seating if the weather permits! Awesome service as well. Support this superb restaurant!
If you want genuine Mexican food,  this is the place. 
The portions are huge and the prices are extremely reasonable. 
I get the signature salad and it's great.
Everything is fresh!!
A co worker and I went by for dinner. Small place but great food to be had.
I ordered the Asada Taco's street style. Excellent!!!!
Also the house salad topped with polo. Another great meal.

I will return next time I'm in town.
Now I've been to MANY "authentic" Mexican spots and I can truly say this place is actually authentic. It's amazing that some of the best restaurants are in the most obscure places. It's on this random block in South Philly and who would have known that this little gem was hiding there. The decor is what you'd expect from a Mexican restaurant, brightly colored, vibrant music, and grandmas dishes. The waitress was kind and patient. I was there with a group of 6 and she broke down their extensive menu for us. When I say extensive I mean they have Cheesecake Factory level of menu options, lol. This place is good for vegans!!! A few in the group were unsure but they have plenty of options & substitutions. I ordered a carne asada burrito to play it safe and honestly it was so good I'm sad I didn't try something else. This was a real BURRITO. It was huge. I'm fairly sure this will be my dinner. All of the ingredients were super fresh too. My lunch mates agreed that this was some of the best Mexican they've had. I rarely come into South Philly but I'll venture back for this. 

Oh important side note they're BYOB! WIN!!
This is one of the best authentic Mexican restaurants I have been to. My husband and I were still talking about the food the next day! The Cubano Torta was AMAZING and HUGE. I would highly recommend! We also enjoyed their steak tacos and chicken enchiladas.  The restaurant itself is very clean and nicely decorated.
You have to try the Mole enchiladas probably some of the best I've had stateside. Horchata was fantastic also. Too bad I have to leave and won't be able to come back anytime soon.
Friday night in Philly and we scoured Yelp for somewhere to have dinner with our kids. I found Los Gallos and off we went. It took some searching (Wolf Street DOES exist) but it was well worth the trip.

Like other reviwers have stated, it is a mercado (grocery store) and the restaurant is in the back. The owner greeted us, asked how we found out about the restaurant and encouraged us to ask questions. The restaurant was bright and clean. 

My husband ordered a shrimp enchilada platter with rice and refried beans. He devoured it. My 9 year old loved the chicken tacos and declared them the best tasting tacos ever. Everything was delicious and 3 tacos for $5.50 can't be beat. The green and red salsa, home made chips, slices of fresh avocado, authentic mexican cheeses and roasted jalapeno on the plate was just perfect. 

This place is a gem and I encourage you to try it. We will definitely be back to sample other menu items really soon.
I'm sad to report that my friend and I got food poisoning here this weekend. I know it happens once in awhile anywhere, but based on that, I'd be remiss if I recommended it. It has such promise, too: great reviews on chef's feed, here, and it's an adorable Mexican grocery shop with excellent service and low prices. But I've never been so sick as after eating the overcooked al pasteur tacos, and what I suspect was the culprit--shrimp tacos. Guac was fresh and good, but doesn't override the rest of the experience, illness not withstanding.
Not sure what all the fuss is about.

I went here last night with a small group of friends. No one was blown away by their meal (tacos, enchiladas, burritos). The salsa was what you'd expect. The service was painfully slow. It took about 10 minutes to get the check after we asked...twice.

I saw an order of guac go by and it looked great. And I keep reading things about the chicken tacos. So if I find myself in the area, I'll for sure stop by again. But nothing about my veggie enchiladas (served lukewarm) made me want to rush back.
Great little authentic Mexican place right in our neighborhood.  We've been hearing the buzz so finally tried it and it was great.  I got the Quesadillas Los Gallos.  It was not your typical flat cheesy quesadilla.  Instead it was like a thick quesadilla sandwich stuffed with delicious pork, pineapple, and oaxacan cheese.  A salad of shredded lechuga with crema, avocado, tomato, and lime wedge.  This is our new spot. Cash only.  Bring your Spanish.
Best Mexican in the city. Also happens to be a bargain. A value at twice the price. It's a little off the beaten path, but it's worth the walk. 

Delightful waitstaff and great service.
A really great spot to go for tacos. My wife and I really enjoy going in or picking up food here. I have only 2 complaints 1. How long it takes to get food 2. the chicken quesadilla is not a chicken quesadilla. I am not really sure what it is. other than them 2 things I think this place is great. I always get the chicken tacos with guac and I have zero complaints with it. The setup inside of the place is pretty cool as well.
I'm into this trend of Mexican grocers popping up in my area with a restaurant attached.  Los Jalapenos turned into a proper restaurant a couple years ago and moved to the Italian Market, and Los Gallos is one of a few that's popped up in its place.  Besides the food, you can grab avocados and Mexican-centric ingredients for a fraction of what most of the grocery stores in the area charge.

The food is great, reasonably priced and well-flavored.  Bang for buck-wise, you can't really go wrong there.  I'm a sucker for Mexican food and have been patronizing this place since they opened.  My only complaints about the place would be that their website has been under construction for months (they actually DO have burritos despite the fact that they're not listed on menupages.com) and on more than one occasion, I've stopped by during business hours and they've been renovating.

One of the main reasons I wanted to give them props on here would have been the time I stopped by and they were shut down in the middle of the day.  The owner saw me and asked what I needed.  I told him that I was going to grab tacos, but would do so another time when they were open.  He told me the grill was still on because he'd just cooked for the workers and asked if tacos al pastor would be okay.  He gave me the tacos and told me to pay him whenever I was back, which was pretty awesome of him.

Besides the tacos, the chicken mole enchilladas are excellent.  The burritos aren't my favorite; not because they aren't done well, but because they put chunks of chopped up onions and green peppers in their burritos, which isn't my thing and was a bit of a surprise the first time I bit into one.  As others have pointed out, this is more of a takeout place, but it's a pretty awesome takeout place.
Amazing!!!

I went here with my little cousin a few weeks ago and was truly amazed by the food, cost, and level of service.  

The food was just down-right awesome.  The menu looked amazing and, as usual, it took me forever to decide what I wanted.  I went with the "Land and Sea" dish.  There was so much food on that plate, but I powered through and devoured it.  We also ordered a guacamole appetizer that was pretty amazing too.  To top it off, the prices were remarkably reasonable/cheap.

The service, while a tad on the slower side, was very good.  The waitress was very friendly and even offered free samples of their "house" drinks, which were pretty good.  

My only problem with this place-well not actually the place, but with myself is why the hell didn't I come here sooner?  This place is becoming a South Philly staple and I just got around to try it...shame on me!

Keep up the great food.  I will be here sometime this week :-)
It is so nice to find a restaurant that is no BS.  The waitstaff gets you what you need and they have good food.  I should eat here more often.  

The food is very fresh tasting.  I had an huge burrito with sauteed veggies that had such great flavor, it was as satisfying as eating meat.  This menu is large for a taqueria, with plenty of entrees.  My man had shrimp fajitas.  More food than he could finish.  It is a rare occasion that he brings home a doggie bag.  Even their guacamole came in a big bowl, an item that so many other restaurants skimp on. 

To top it all off, they had an extremely long TV show on with the volume down.  Two contestants were in a race to make a penis and balls out of clay.  It was pretty entertaining observing a restaurant full of people pretending not to watch what was happening on the screen.  Kids, older folks, couples, families some noticing and others trying hard not too.  It was hilarious.
Ok the waitress with the light blonde hair is a witch. I ordered the pork and pineapple tacos, Sadly I received Pork bacon season with cumin and pineapple in soft taco shells. It tasted horrible like extra salty vomit flavored pork! I said bacon at first due to the way it was chopped and the saltiness. 

I asked the waitress to please replace it with chicken because the chewy, bacon, fat belly meat was inedible. I brought the food to show the waitress, and she said "ummm I'm sorry" and I asked to speak to the manager and she said, "he's not here, try coming in morning." So I'm like what the fuck !!! It's my first time here and my boyfriend'a food was delicious (steak burrito) but my food is sub par. Finally the witch dumps my food out in front of me rolling her eyes and said " ok 5 minutes." I sat down and the Witch slapped my chicken tacos on the table and that was that.  Poor service and long waits, this place may have been better service wise four years ago before the renovation. They've gotten cocky and rant that nice after all and it's a hit or miss with chef being as though the chicken and beef were awesome but the pork tasted like vomit.  Oh and the sour cream tasted like it as mixed with mayo...
One of my favorite hidden corner Mexican restaurant. The food is delicious but the restaurant is busy and can take some time. Their service is great, really enjoyed their burritos !
I'm a purest.  I don't generally enjoy Americanized versions of foreign food.  Los Gallos is true Mexican food at it's finest.  No frills like El Vez.  Just damn good Mexican food for a damn good price.  

The service is okay.  They might take a little while to get to you or bring glasses for wine you brought.  That's why this isn't a 5 star review.  

I have been there 3 times now and I get the Beef Short Rib Tacos.  They are insanely good with lots of beef, sauteed cactus, onions, cilantro, and lime.  Their guac is really good, along with their two salsas (green tomatillo and smoky chipotle).  I've also tried the fish tacos and quesadillas.  The fish tacos are totally on point with delicious creamy sauce and slaw.  

Do yourself a favor and check this BYOB out in South Philly.  It's worth the trip.
Food here was very bad! Being born and raised in Chicago, I KNOW what good Mexican food is and this food was NOT the definition of good. For starters, we waited 25/30 mins for our food. The salsa was terrible and was not even real salsa(just chipotle sauce put into a bowl) and the chips were stale. The chicken in the quesadilla and the steak tacos tasted just like soy sauce. Is there Chinese making our food in the kitchen? I am very disappointed. The rice...definition of cardboard. I am only giving this one star because the horchata was a 2/5. This Mexican restaurant puts Mexican food to shame. Never come here!!! Not worth the overpriced and nasty food.
