I think I just had the best burger in my life and a new favorite dining spot in University City. I have been here three times so far since opening (earlier of the summer?) and loved every single time of it. From service to food or food to service, Louie Louie has not disappointed. Put this on the top of your "To Do" list if you are in University City!

The food is delicious. The escargots is also a must have. The comte (French cheese) micro ravolis with shelled escargots is served in rich brothy garlic herb butter. I think they may have been spinach or some form of chopped leafy green in there as well, but it taste like a buttery wedding soup. This dish is absolutely amazing and may be my favorite appetizer.

The lamb meatballs (3 pcs) is delicious - topped with shaved parm served on a bed of creamy polenta that has the consistency  of mashed potatoes instead of gritty grits!

The grilled octopus had the perfect amount of char to it to give that smokey flavor without the bitterness and grittiness that typically accompanies charred food. The perfectly blanched/sauteed haricots verts compliments this appetizer with a nice crisp.

The grilled asparagus with crispy artichokes with sharved parm and truffle vinaigrette is also a nice side to share to share between two people at the very most. Although this is also very delicious, it is quite costly for the portion ($16), maybe not even a a typical bunch (you get at grocery stores) worth of asparagus. this dish is also served chilled, which also caught me off guard. 

Onion Soup Gratinee (French onion) is also a good go-to. Cheesey and not too salty. Most french onions are so salty, or at least get saltier to me with every bite. Not this one.

The pan roasted chicken breast is very delicious. The chicken was tender and juicy served generously with tarragon chicken jus. It is served with garlic mash potatoes and peas and carrots. However, I do not like peas and carrots and they were very accommodating and substituting them out for haricots verts. If you are a chicken eater, this is your calling.

The grilled lamb loin... perfect, but sad. Still perfect though. Medium rare that was cooked to perfection. The meat was also very tender, and not tough and chewy as they can often come that way. It is served pre-sliced sitting on an eggplant puree with generous serving of rosemary/lamb au jus. Comes with provencal vegetables, and although I do not know what that means, they - as usual - were more than accommodating and replaced them with their famous crisp haricots verts that I love so much.

Louie Burger.... probably one of the best burgers I have ever had. Definitely the best burger in University City to me. Take your average burger in UC imagine it to be extra juicy and oozing with gruyere fondue. The key word here is fondue... they are not kidding. It's like eating a "Doug Funny" pizza except in burger form. Don't forget the fresh sauteed mushroms on there and a side of HOT truffle tries. Hot fries are hard to come by these days.

There were other dishes ordered by my other dinner companions like Scottish Salmon, Lobster Frits (Saturday special), and steak frites. I myself cannot say much, but there were no left overs (and it's not because of small portions either)!

I think generally speaking, an appetizer for every two people plus an entree each should have you walking out feeling comfortable and happy.

Service has been perfect 3/3 (and that doesn't even include takeout where everything is perfectly wrapped and not haphazardly thrown in together). The staff have all been highly attentive and accommodating, but special shout out to Yamile though who went the extra mile to give my brother-in-law a complimentary scoop of their special peach bourbon sorbet for his birthday even though we all were feeling the onset of the itis. Another staff we had taking care of it also gave my girlfriend a complimentary scoop of vanilla ice cream for her birthday, but unfortunately I do not remember his name.  :(

Point is, with excellent service and great food, this would be my first recommendation to anyone who visits University City. Since it has opened, it has been my boyfriend's and my favorite spot to hit up when we are on our cheat days or have visitors.

Note: after multiple visits, they have tendency to overcook the meat (e.g burgers, French dip). I'd make it clear to them and/or order it a level lower. For example if you like medium, maybe ask for medium rare.
This review is for their happy hour.  With cocktails, beer and wine priced at $5 and appetizer plates ranging from $5-9, Louie Louie offers a really nice happy hour experience.  The inside decor and ambiance is very relaxing and conducive to sit back have a few apps and drinks. 

We ordered the Yellowfin Tuna Tartare ($9) and the Goat Cheese Arancini ($7).  The Arancini was very filling and quite delicious.  The Tartare was fairly good, but had we paid the full price on it we probably wouldn't have thought so.  

Bar service was great.  We got there around 5:00 and by 6:00, there was not an availablw seat at the bar.  So, get there early to get a seat.
Looks like Parc might finally have some competition. Located at a great spot with plenty of metered parking all around the restaurant. Upon entering, I am greeted with very friendly warm service. After discovering this place, I've been back 5 times within the span of two weeks. Just can't get enough. I get addicted to certain food items then eventually I'll burn myself out. Finally tried their lobster bisque the other day during a rainy night and it was great. I've had the shrimp and lobster salad and it's amazing with a generous portion of fresh avocado on top. Still thinking about that as we speak. I wish the bread was warmed up before coming to the table because it's a bit tough for my teeth. Don't need a filling falling out. I've tried their duck breast, roasted chicken and lamb so far. Three terrific dishes. The ambience has a French feel but with a modern vibe to it. The lounge area looks really nice. A great new addition to Philly! Welcome to the neighborhood
Ok...Louie Louie!  Great first impression for sure!

I made reservations for a girls get together and I arrived early to make sure we got prime seating and check out the overall vibe of the place!  I ordered a drink @ the bar and it wasn't off the happy hour menu so that was a bit pricey ($15) for a vodka gimlet!  Stick to the Happy Hour Menu..it will be be kinder to your pockets...lol 

Great vibes all around...Staff were super friendly and helpful about the menu and assisted with recommendations!  When my party arrived, they were pleased with the decor and energy of the restaurant!  

We all places starter orders from: oysters (sorry..no pic..sucked those down real quick..lol) and ratatouille which were both flavorful!  Our main dishes: Calamari and Salmon were on-point!  

Overall, Louie Louie was a success and this may be my new Happy Hour Spot in University City!
This is a really nice American-French bistro right across from Penn. The interior is welcoming and spacious, and it's the kind of touristy-in-a-good-way joint that's great for dates or family outings. 

We came here for brunch. The coffee was great, btw, something I never write about restaurants. The wild mushroom omelette was very good. Our other breakfast plate was good. We coulda been more creative with our food ordering - I'm recommending this place based upon the ambience and location. I liked it.
tl;dr a chic Parisian bistro with impressive decor, but the flavors are sadly lacking for the price point

Situated at the Inn at Penn, Louie Louie embarked on the bold journey to provide upscale food to the University of Pennsylvania. This location was previously occupied by Penne, which was in all respects the worst restaurant on Penn's campus for some time. Despite Louie Louie having been open for nearly a year, I only just recently had the chance to visit for a work-sponsored event.

Louie Loiue sports an unmistakably Art Deco interior, with lofty ceilings and a checkered marble floor. Our large party was seated in the semi-private Rosé Room. The bubblegum pink walls were decorated with tastefully tarnished mirrors and tile-work, beneath an enormous avant-garde chandelier. The marble tables were surrounded by vibrant yellow and coral upholstery that felt straight from the '70s. Service was warm, but perhaps a bit spotty -- I had to flag down a waiter a few times to refill my water.

We were offered a prix fixe menu, and I decided to get the Lamb Meatballs and the Trout Amandine. Just like the restaurant, the food was impeccably plated. But the taste itself left plenty to be desired. The meatballs were well-cooked and served beneath with a flavorful tomato sauce, but the polenta was bland and the olives felt like an afterthought. Meanwhile, the trout was served in an old-style pan with keen attention to detail, but the almond flavors never materialized beyond the smattering of sliced almond, and the green beans and tomatoes fell flat. Our meal was finished off by a trio of bite-sized cakes -- chocolate, red velvet, and cheesecake -- but none particularly stood out.

While nothing bad about the experience, I don't think that any of the dishes I had are worth the prices -- my total, if a la carte, was in the range of $50! If you're looking for a nice restaurant in the University City area, White Dog Cafe would have my vote over Louie Louie any day.
Cute restaurant but a little overpriced for the food... we had devil eggs for appetizer and the eggs were like $7? I could buy a couple dozens with that price for eggs.

I had the Salmon Benedict, it was good - nothing special. My fiancé had the French dipped, it was like a fancy version of Arby's French dip. 

Our server was nice and checked on us a few times. Our food took a very long time to come out and we got really hungry waiting.
I went here for lunch today. It was in walking distance of the hospital. (I recommend families at the local hospitals stop in here and grab a nice meal). It is a little on the pricey side. 

I arrived just a little after 11am. The place was totally empty. Within the hour. the entire restaurant was packed full of people. Groups upon groups of people just kept pouring in. Majority of them had reservations. It became extremely loud in there rather quickly. 

This place is just soooo cute. I really like the charm of it all.

I sat at the bar. I met the nicest bartender, ever, Kat. I ordered my drink and lunch right at the bar. I ordered lamb meatballs. Mmmm they seriously the best. I wish I didn't put salt on before I actually tried them, because I made them way too salty. 

The portion was decent. 

I will for sure be back and I look forward to their dinner menu. 

Once again, amazing amazing amazing service. Thank You!!
Was here on the Penn Campus for five days for an educational program and came here twice for a few reasons:
1) it was close by where I was staying
2) I needed strong drinks and this place has excellent cocktails
3) the bartender Preethi is amazing!  Seriously, if you go there, ask for her.  If she's not working, politely hand the menu back to the bartender on duty, then calmly turn to leave, but make sure you turn over a nearby table in a rage on the way out!

Seriously, you'd never know this was a hotel bar/restaurant.  The bar is great, the lounge area is super cool and it has a chic, fun feel without being too snobby about it.

Big fan...I'll be back when I'm back in Philadelphia!
I was charged 10% tax and poorly treated by the waitress just because of our Asian faces and not fluent English??!!

I asked the waitress why it was 10%, and she showed innocent face and referred to her managers. Orally said, " oh I am sorry but I don't know." Manager came and said, " we can refund you $1". (Yes, it was $50 dinner).

Food is ok if considering it was $35 fixed menu and $15 wine paring.

The service is terrible. So pissed off.

NEVER GO AGAIN!
Came here for a solo lunch on one of those 'should be Fall weather but is 75 degrees' days. Wanting to take advantage of the sunshine before SADD started, I opted for the only seat outside that didn't have an umbrella so I could soak up that D.

Wait staff was very friendly, but the service times were a little slow. Not a huge deal since I wasn't in a rush, though. The lunch menu is a nice size with decent entree offerings but I was feeling French in my new mod skirt and European sidewalk lady lunch, so opted for small bites. 

So much for small, though, when the piping hot fresh brioche UNIT came out, a puffin muffin looking thing with a serrated knife sticking out its center and a generous slab of whipped ricotta on the plate. I was already in love. Paired it with a "beet carpaccio" (cute) salad complete with seasonal fruits and pistachios and herbs. So fresh, so delicious, and actually filling enough that I boxed precisely one-half of everything in a doggy bag.

Also got a non-alcoholic Arnold Palmer with pear but it was a little mealy for my liking. 

I probably wouldn't venture over here for dinner, but for a sexy little bistro lunch al fresco, it's worth the splurge.
5 stars for the food and service.  Negative 1 star for the hostess and her attitude. 

I came here with my wife and a bunch of her Wharton classmates. One of them had made a reservation for 12 people across two tables. When we checked in, we were told that we can't be seated until the entire party arrives, so we sat awkwardly outside. When everybody arrived, we went back to the hostess, who was not friendly at all, and she said "has everyone arrived?" in an accusatory tone, and when we confirmed yes, she only then said let me make sure the tables are ready. So just hold on. 

The irony is that the tables were ready the entire time. In fact, the tables were empty and right next to where everybody was sitting and waiting. So we sat and waited some more while she "made sure the tables were ready."

Five minutes later, we went back in and ask her if the tables were ready. She said yes, we've been waiting for you. Seriously? You couldn't just tell us that they were ready?  

So we all walked into the restaurant...and right back out to our tables, which again were right next to where we were sitting. What a stupid policy, and what poor execution and manners from the hostess. For a 40% filled restaurant during Sunday brunch, what the efffff

The actual food was delicious. It was standard brunch fare, and excellently prepared. The beet salad, in particular, was exquisite. The French onion soup also had real depth, and I finished the entire thing very quickly. One small gripe was that the fries with truffle tasted like regular fries. A lot of places douse their fries with truffle oil, which I think is what people want to pay for. And that's us! But they were just regular, regular fries. 

Our server, Alex, could have gotten away with much less because there was a 20% gratuity automatically applied to our bill, but served us with attentiveness and politeness throughout.  Thanks Alex! 

Now if they can only do something about their seating policy and the manners of the hostess...
The new place at the bottom of the Inn at Penn. Cozy vibes, traditional decor and fireplaces. 

They have HH 4-7pm Monday through Friday. My favorites - lamb meatballs, Arancini, phyllo purse (all great value). The bruschetta was average as was the burrata. 
Drinks wise - they only had 2 of the 4 listed on the menu (not sure why). Our waitress recommended the cucumber Rockaway drink but the mule was definitely better (and stronger) and the unanimous pick of the group. 
For birthdays, they do a free scoop of icecream with a candle!
Came here recently for dinner with a friend. This restaurant is owned by the same company that owns White Dog, and I would say this is up to par with their other restaurants. Louie Louie is connected to a hotel and was pretty busy when we came in, despite being a week night. The ambiance here is like a french bistro and really tastefully done. We were seated in a nice, comfy booth. First, we were served bread and butter, which is always tasty. For an appetizer, we ordered the goat cheese arancini. The arancini was amazing and the sauce they were in went perfect with them. For my entree, I ordered the french dip sandwich. This was also great and came on a baguette. The portion was really generously sized and I ended up taking half home for leftovers.  This also came with a side of truffle fries, which were great. For dessert, we had the signature sundae, which was huge and delicious. It had a ton of ice cream and whipped cream, along with brownies and some other goodies. Definitely good for sharing. Overall, I had a great experience and would come here again. This would be a great place to even just stop by for cocktails and appetizers.
Replaces the Inn @ Penn Italian restaurant and is owned by the same owners as White Dog Cafe. Good food and service. I'd visit more often but $47 for a burger and two beers makes this spot special event only.
Louise Louise is a European bistro that is great for casual lunches as well as business lunches. They are able to accommodate large groups as well. Our waiter was very friendly and accommodating. Some people in group had to leave early so he made sure their food was served in a timely manner. 
We shared some appetizers- spanish octopus and tuna tartare. All the appetizers are pretty much designed to be shared. I had the bay arugula salad for my main course- you can add a variety of proteins to your salad. The salad was definitely a good size and won't leave you starving. 
They even have mocktails if you feel like drinking during lunch, but don't want to get a buzz. 
Some others ordered the Louie burger and it looked delicious. I'd love to try that the next time I am back!
Solid place in ucity. Their decor is next level and is really nice. Their bar is beautiful, and there are huge mirrors in the back of the restaurant. We sat at a small table for 3 people in the corner, but it was cozy. It was hard to fit all of our food on it, however. The shrimp avocado toast was a great light app to start with, and their French onion soup was very good. They have a variety of interesting cocktail options, as well as mocktails.

The service was good - standard, but the food came out way too quickly. We didn't finish our apps by the time our entrees came, which is probably why we couldn't fit everything on the table! It was extremely loud during certain times in our quick, hour-long meal.
A few friends and I went to Louie Louie for happy hour after work. I was pleasantly surprised by how good the food was in a neighborhood saturated by various bars and restaurants serving what is usually pretty average American food. 

My friends and I ordered a bunch of plates to share for the table. $5 will get you a healthy serving of aromatic truffle fries or 4 bacon wrapped dates that will disappear as soon as they touch the table (they are that good)! We also got the beet salad ($7) which was served on an addictive bed of beet hummus, a large bowel of mussels ($9), 3 lamb meatballs served over creamy polenta ($9), and some tuna tartare ($9). I would be amiss if I didn't mention their fruity cocktails, which were very reasonably priced at $5 each. I didn't expect such high quality restaurant food during happy hour and in such a decent price range. Next time I go, I'll be sure to hit up their happy hour burger!
Food:
Overpriced average -- dare I say even some below average -- food. 
Calamari appetizer = over-battered, scrawny bites of disappointment with a side of aioli. So not worth it. I've had better and cheaper calamari. 
Short rib ($32) was well cooked, but too salty and again, lacked specialness to be worth $32. The sauce was too overpowering and drenched everything in the plate. It would had been better if there was something to balance or the flavor. 
Créeme brûlée $10 was average. Very thick and creamy. But a bit over flamed (?) for my taste. 

Service:
SO SLOW. Our party of 5 came @5 on a Thursday evening. We were slow to be seated and receive our waters. We ordered our food around 5:15 but didn't get our food till around 5:50. The restaurant was empty when we arrived, and only about 1/3 full by the time we received our food. What's the hold up?! 

Ambiance:
Very boujie for a place in University City. dress business casual, skip the athleisure. If you have a date and want to impress our date with looks (but not quality of food), come here. 

Overall:
Wouldn't recommend. Overpriced, meh food. Save the money and take a taxi or Uber to center city. You'll get WAY better food for the same price and/or less!
Was in university city for a class at penn and discovered Louie Louie, upon entry i was very surprised by the ambiance and decor.  Very cool & welcoming.  The bar also caught my eye right away, u shaped bar with lots of lights and people sitting at the bar.   
Food wise, i had heard about the burger and decided to test it out.  And boy was it good... first they serve bread and butter (french baguette) that was very good.  Then the burger with truffle fries came out.  The bun and ingredient were fresh and the meat was good (nice blend/grind) that had flavors.

Def a must try and found itself on my list of top burgers in philly!!!
The decor is great here, I'm bias when it comes to the music choice here since it's Motown nonstop. We came during happy hour; which to my surprise was amazingly priced. The appetizers were good but I think our choice of entrees wasn't that great, I got the veal & tuna which is veal sweet bread and tuna tartare. The sweetbread didn't have much flavor but was cooked perfectly, I might have added more capers into the tartare. My girlfriend got the mussels and frits which was pretty good. For apps we got the goat cheese Arancini, escargot, and pan con tomate with anchovies. Drinks are worth the price .. we will frequent for happy hour for sure and Want to Explore the menu.. for the first week of the restaurant being open; I think it's great 4/5 easily. The price is exactly what you should expect when coming to place like this. Thank you
I dined here twice now and both times were, in all, good experiences. I love the decor- Louie Louie and its sister restaurants all have beautiful, eye-catching decor. It's fun to look around while you dine because there is always something else to see. 

Our service, both times, was good: unobtrusive, just how I like it. 

The food was very good and exactly what I expected as far as quality goes having dined at White Dog (all locations) many, many times. The steak tartare was definitely the standout but writing this review, a few months post-visit, makes me realize much of the food I tried wasn't very memorable. Don't get me wrong, it is good... but I am reserving 5 stars for places that serve food I can't forget!

I will be back, searching for the dish I will always remember because I know Louie Louie is capable of producing such a thing!
This has been on my must visit list for quite some time! Louie Louie has an amazing Instagram presence and with all the posts I was dying to visit! 
We made reservations a couple of days before and reached on time. It is so b.e.a.utifull! 
Choice fully designed with an outside patio area. Service was a 5/5. We ordered a couple of drinks, one of which was a smoked whiskey drink. It was wonderfully presented. 
For appetizers we got the lamb meatballs and Pommes frites. Both were executed extremely well and tasted even better. 
Since we were meeting up with friends we didn't get any dinner. But surely will make a visit soon!
The new place at the bottom of the Inn at Penn. Cozy vibes, traditional decor and fireplaces. 

They have HH 4-7pm Monday through Friday. My favorites - lamb meatballs, Arancini, phyllo purse (all great value). The bruschetta was average as was the burrata. 
Drinks wise - they only had 2 of the 4 listed on the menu (not sure why). Our waitress recommended the cucumber Rockaway drink but the mule was definitely better (and stronger) and was the unanimous pick of the group. 
For birthdays, they do a free scoop of icecream with a candle!
Very hit or miss. I think this modern french restaurant charges a high price for just OK food.

Some of the dishes are meh like the Lobster Bisque. It might be a little harsh, but it kinda tastes like La Croix: Hint of lobster, like someone washed the lobster and then cream was added to that water. I also went another day and got the croissant breakfast sandwich and while the truffle fries that came with it was delicious, the sandwich was very dry and didn't taste that great in my opinion. It definitely was not worth the $13 I paid. If this restaurant is going to have expensive prices, then I want higher quality, better tasting food.

However on the flip side, I have heard their happy hour is great. They also do not have as many vegetarian options as I would have hoped. Even their salads come with meat and you have to ask separately to remove it. My friends have had bad experiences with this and they could definitely improve on making the experience great for people of all ways of life!

TLDR: experience could be better, but happy hour is probably your best bet.
A group of my friends came from NY and I decided to show them what brunch is in Philly. Chose this place based on a close proximity to my house. I made a reservation by phone for brunch on a Saturday. I didn't realize how quickly and available they were, but I ignored the signals. 

So we come in and the decor is really nice! Super instagrammable! There are about 4 people in total in the whole place. Waitresses just walk around slow... one of them is walking around putting her hand cream on... the other one is complaining about her $4 tips. 

Waiter greets us, gives us menu, and then takes our orders. However, never does he come back to refill our waters. Never checks on us. I think it was the manager who brought us our food, instead of our waiter. 

Food wise: we ordered benedicts, but it was so bland. I feel like it could have been better at a diner. 

Overall: the price of this place doesn't justify the service that you will receive. Come for pictures and don't order a lot of basic food.
Went to this place for my daughter's birthday 
very nicely decorated inside 
service was good waitress asked us for drinks and appetizers they came out relatively fast
 the food was very good we had the fried calamari which was tasty, the cheese platter had a nice variety of selected cheeses, the salmon tartare was fresh and tasty.
The escargot was very good with loads of garlic flavor
My favorite was the French onion soup which is typical onion soup that you would find it a bistro in Paris.
The short beef rib dish was also very good and very very tender. Everyone enjoyed their entrées. They also had a variety of coffees cappuccinos lattes and teas. The desserts were OK I would've liked the chocolate tart to be more chocolatey have a little more chocolatey flavor but it worked nicely with the cappuccino. We were a party of eight and they do charge 20% gratuity included. I would probably go back there again for their brunch or lunch to try some of their sandwiches.
Adorable ambiance, but food was extremely salty. Once you get over the salt, it was pretty good. Fries were limp and soggy, but the aioli they came with was delicious. Happy hour makes it much more affordable, but even only ordering from happy hour, spent about $40. I had the mushroom ragout, deviled eggs, fries, mint watermelon martini, and white sangria.
As beautiful as the venue and the food was the customer service and management is very poor and distasteful. 
The waiter spilled mayonnaise all over two of my guests at my party. All over their face and clothes. we had to makeshift the skirt that one of friends had on to a dress (bra and shirt stained), both parties clothes are ruined. Manager says we're going to give you a $25 gift card and send them the dry cleaning bill because we signed a contract. I work in the hospitality industry this is very unethical and would not be condoned. Just terrible customer service. 
Hey Louie Louie accidents happen all the time that's the nature of being in the restaurant/ Hospitality industry. But the correct thing to do and the ethical thing to do is to accommodate your guest that you are "hosting" in you restaurant. Specifically when you make a mistake or accident.
I need to know who the interior designer was for Louie Louie and I need them to come to my house NOW. No, but seriously. I wholeheartedly recommend this place. 
My boyfriend made reservations at 8:30 on Tuesday night. For a Tuesday, there was a nice amount of people inside but the noise level was moderate. I didn't feel like I had to shout to have a conversation. Did I mention how stunning this place is? And it was clean! 

Our waitress was Shannon. Perfect service. I kept mentioning to my boyfriend how efficient she was. She was a sweetheart and gave us recommendations on certain things. Thank you for making our dining experience so great! 

To start, we ordered the crispy cauliflower. It was a big portion, too. Definitely shareable. I loved it. 
My boyfriend ordered the Maryland Crab Cakes. He said they were really good. The cucumber salad on top was different, but he said it complimented the crab rather well.

I indulged in the butternut squash ravioli. Pasta usually fills me up fast, but this entree was so delicious, I wanted to lick my plate. An excellent vegetarian option. Probably my favorite ravioli to date! 

We shared the butterscotch pudding for dessert. Not kidding when I say it was worth every penny. It comes in a little mason jar and was delicious. I got a sugar rush from it, but I didn't even care that it was too sweet. It was ah-mazing. 

In closing, I had a wonderful birthday dinner at Louie Louie. It's a nice place to celebrate a special occasion. I'd love to dine here again.
First time having brunch here, today. This is usually my pick for happy hour so wanted to try it during the afternoon.  I had the mushroom omelet and my daughter had the strawberry cheesecake french toast. My omelet was good. The mushrooms were plentiful and the side potatoes were crispy and seasoned well. My kid really liked her french toast (I had a bite, it was indeed tasty). I ordered a Bloody Mary and it wasn't my type of Bloody Mary but I should have read the description. It was sweet which is not my thing. I like my tomatoes and vodka with salt, spice and lots of olives. It wasn't that. The one thing I would mention is that in my opinion,  the brunch items are overpriced. Coffee is four dollars? My omelet was $16 and my kid's french toast was $15. They were both good, but not extra special. In comparison, Sabrina's stuffed challah french toast is HUGE and delicious and is $11.99. I'm not trying to compare apples to oranges...I can imagine there are ingredients that one uses that the other doesn't. What I'm trying to say is they don't seem to be doing anything spectacular with *at least* the breakfast items that we consumed (for the higher price.)  I think because it's located at the Hilton Inn at Penn, they jack up the prices. Penn families and travelers find themselves at the hotel restaurant and don't really consider that the prices are high for brunch fare. The food was good, however and the European-inspired bistro is a lovely sight. Maybe the high price includes the experience? I do think however, I'll be sticking to the lovely happy hour.
Louie Louie has cute vibes and the parking situation is even cuter because you can generally get a metered spot right outside on Walnut Street! Love the art deco decor and the restaurant shares the same owners as 
White Dog Cafe & Moshulu (so if you've dined at either, you know what I'm talkin' bout!).

Went for happy hour which is 3-6pm so be sure to takeoff from work early to take full advantage. The entire restaurant honors the happy hour specials so you can be seated at a table for the specials. While the drinks tasted good, the alcohol content was very minimal. With that said, the happy hour food specials were more impressive.

FOOD RECOMMENDATIONS: Parsnip & Apple Bisque as well as the Louie Burger are worth it (my friends ordered the latter because I'm a pescaterian, but they reported that it tasted just as GREAT as it looked and it was definitely plentiful!). While the Mushroom Ravioli tasted good, it was definitely on the smaller side so I wouldn't get it again. The Mussels were yum and I think I'll give the Calamari a try next time!

COST: 2 happy hour drinks & 2 food items were under $30 - perfect for my pockets!
I wish I took a picture, but I guess that means you have to try it for yourself. Louie Louie is a gem. Walking in you just feel like you are in a new area. Classy, such a beautiful establishment. The staff were awesome and knowledgeable as it was my first time attending. You can eat outside or inside and still feel like you stepped into a new spot. 

They have a lounge like area and dining areas. The decor is really cool. The food is good. The presentation was amazing and again...I will be back. 

Ambience, Meal and Service all stellar

Give them a try.
I've come for drinks, brunch, and dinner and all around, Louie Louie offered solid food and beverages at all times. Situated at the lobby of the Inn at Penn, Louie Louie is a major upgrade over its predecessor, La Penne. The interior is bright and reminds me of a bougie Manhattan type of brunch place. The place typically is packed at most times, especially on the weekends so be prepared for a slight wait to get seated. Once you're seated inside, the service is pretty quick and accomodating. I remember that they incorrectly stated the times of their happy hour so they gave a free first round of drinks. 

For brunch, all the dishes were delicately prepared and we appreciated leisurely atmosphere and the yummy food. Dinner was also excellent. I got the butternut squash ravioli and the sauce was creamy and the ravioli melted in your mouth. I also recommend the burger, which my friend who love meat thoroughly enjoyed.
Location is perfect (for Penn visit).  Food is decent. Staff are friendly.  Noise is unbearable.  We didn't even stay for dessert because we couldn't wait to get out of the place.  unlikely for us to return unless the noise issue is fixed.
When you walk in it feels so cute and gatsby-esque. drinks are to die for... like amazing. The apps were also amazing. We ordered the rice balls, lamb meatballs, cheese plate and ahi tuna. Everything was great. I hosted a happy hour in a cute little area with vintage chairs. If I make it back to philly I will absolutely be going back. The drinks were so cool!
This was one of my favorite restaurants of recent memory. The decorations are similar to parc, with a post modern esthetic. They claim to be an American restaurant that was French inspired. 

Started off with an interesting tequila drink called "Time will change me" that had a purple slush that slowly melted into the clear drink. It was very lightly sweetened in the best way. The next drink I ordered was the "two jethros..." which had an egg white and  pineapple and was surprisingly delicious. 

Four of us split the escargot which was very tasty. It was combined with mushrooms, hazelnuts and ham. I got the trout entree which was very healthy and light. The balsamic reduction and roasted tomatoes made accentuated the beans and trout tastes. 

Overall I'd love to go back here and just get drinks like every week and once and awhile get food (due to the cost). A definite must visit!
Not really a good one!!! 
The food is not that good. 

I had brunch with my friend there.... the price is high, the food is kinda not fresh. 

Basically, you can skip it. 

Btw, the coffee is not good either. So ...
Stunning restaurant with great and honest service is the impression I have of Louie Louie. I came here last month for a friend's birthday lunch on a Saturday and we really enjoyed our time. Our group of 6 sat towards the back of the restaurant in a cozy booth. Our server was friendly and  very helpful with recommending dishes and desserts. We got their dessert tower and it was absolutely perfect for the occasion. All of us enjoyed our entrees and the portions are fair. The only issue was our waiter quoted a price for the steak special and it ended up being way more on the check, but he owned up to his mistake and fixed the check. That was very professional and left a positive impression on us. Overall a lovely place to take all your IG photos & feel fancy for a few hours :)
Happy hour review only. The vibe here is great- super trendy and cool. The lounge and bar are really spacious and great for group. 

Was with a few of my girlfriends- we shared a bunch of apps. Highlights were the tuna tar tar- one of the best I've ever had and goat cheese arancini. All of the portions are good sizes for it being off the happy hour menu and the prices were also awesome! The watermelon martini was really tasty and they pour solid size wine glasses.

Major highlight was the service- awesome! The servers and managers were so on top of their game, constantly checking in and it was pretty crowded on a Thursday night. Deff will be back!!
Sigh where you begin... the place is beautiful, I mean it's very classy on the inside but they don't have it together. Missing entrees, missing apps, missing cocktails, sold out items ... I don't think a restaurant could have messed up this poorly if they tried. 

We had reservations for seven people for a double birthday party, the server looked like a deer in headlights the entire meal. All of the drinks and cocktails came out at random times or not at all... nothing was consistent, nothing was delivered with logic, entrées before appetizers, we had half of the table with cocktails and the other half without. The server never once came in to check on us to see if we wanted a second round either... what a big loss of business on their part. Not once did they refill our water we had to actually go request water because someone at the table was choking. The chef yes they chef filled the water.

The only pasta on the menu we were told was sold out from the waiter. Upon having to go to the bar to try and figure out what kind cocktail they could make since the first one was... sold out, the manager said "oh we definitely have the pasta I just fired one for a table". Our server was clueless and blamed the chef. The verdict is still out on this one. 

For the record the pasta was a 4/10 the oxtail was over cooked and sauce watery. Pasta mushy, it was in no way home made.

Moving on; 

By the time the all drinks came, we found out one we ordered, a black berry whiskey cocktail was also... yes "SOLD OUT" so we ordered a Smokey sazerac and guess what... it came 30 minutes later. This is not a guess, we actually timed 30 minutes. 

 The salmon tartare never made it to the table until we had to complain that it was missing luckily the manager who is the only helpful person in the restaurant was able to go to snag 
one from the kitchen for our table.

If I had to do it again id sit at the bar maybe. The Service at the tables was a mess. The food we ordered literally went to other tables who were seated after us. 

Oh and thanks for the comp on the birthday dessert... the only thing worth ordering is the espresso budino. 

I was excited to try this place. And if I could take my $ back I would. I'm sorry to write such an awful review but we wouldn't order a single dish again. Maybe I had the wrong things, but we tried a lot for the table. 300$ wasted. 

Avoid this place on a Monday ? Or all together...
Yay another restaurant on campus that I can't afford! Yes, the food is delicious (I can only vouch for the fries and onion soup). Yes, the decor is cool (though a little blinding). Yes, the waitstaff was great. 

Unfortunately I can only afford to go here once a year due to the steep prices. Penn does not pay its employees enough to enjoy many restaurants and faster food choices on their own campus (they control most of the real estate and no doubt are involved in the launching of new businesses in said real estate). I can only assume this is meant to provide big bosses a place to hang out in private and to woo rich parents, donors, and other visitors. It's a bummer.
Meretricious. 

Terrible service. Poorly executed dishes. Inflated prices. Avoid. 

Provincial food in a garish setting.
I came here in March right before the pandemic shut down. The waitress was absolutely amazing. She had great manners and made my girlfriend and I feel welcome. I really wanted to give this place five stars because the food and service was amazing however, it was the crab cakes that we ordered that took a star away. It tasted great according to my girlfriend but when the plate came by our first thought was "that's it?". The crab cakes were smaller than hockey pucks, maybe the size of a big scallop at best. It was also the priciest thing we ordered so we figured it would be atleast a little bigger. Nonetheless that deducted a star. The rib and the flatbread pizza however were phenomenal. I would totally come back here but I'd probably skip out on the crab cakes.
We had such a nice dining experience here.  We were staying at the Inn at Penn and decided to eat here due to their outdoor dining option. We changed our minds as it was a bit chilly and they were super accommodating and safe about moving us inside. They checked our temperatures when we entered and all wait staff were wearing masks and shields. The restaurant vibe and decor was very hip and everyone we interacted with was gracious and super professional. We started with the Brioche which came with mushrooms and truffle honey butter. This was simply amazing. We also had the caramelized onion dip which we were a little underwhelmed by and we enjoyed the chips and vegetables more than the dip. My husband really enjoyed the salmon and my son had the duck with truffle fries and they both enjoyed their meals very much. I had the eggplant milanesa which had an arugula and red pepper salad that was served over the top of the eggplant. It was also topped with mushrooms. I had never had anything like this before. The portion size was big and it was delicious. We ended with creme brûlée even though we were so full from dinner, and we had no problem finishing it as it was SO good. My only feedback would be that they should have more options for vegan and vegetarian eaters. Overall a great dining experience in a great space.
Such a cute find in the heart of the Penn campus. The service was slow and the food took a while. The roasted pear and brie salad was so refreshing. The arugulas was fresh and the walnuts added great texture with each bite. The beyond burger was not impressive. If you've had enough beyond meat, you won't be able to tell the difference between the frozen beyond meat patties and the beyond burger here. Overall, it's a good lunch spot. Will definitely come back.
Best place on campus for happy hour! The appetizers are delicious and drinks are amazing. Everything is well priced and I suggest trying out everything on their menu at least once! They do change up their happy hour menu so it's always fun to try different items! Things that I really liked:

- Brussel Sprouts are the best! I can literally eat an entire plate by myself and whatever sauce they put in to make it slightly sweet is amazing. 
- Crispy Cauliflowers are delicious and they're all nicely browned. The white sauce goes well with it 
- Truffle fries are salty goodness. You can really taste the truffle flavor in them
I came here on a Sunday at around 1 after we made a reservation that morning. The staff was all attentive and the service was fantastic so props for that.

As a whole, the food was all tasty, although the portions were a bit small for a hungry boy and it was a bit pricey. The strawberry cheesecake toast was a delightful contrast of crunchy and creamy with a subtle tinge of strawberry and whipped cream. The breakfast potatoes are also well made. I also tried the bananas foster waffle which was splendid and really encapsulated the full potential of bananas foster in a brunchy way. The quiche was eh- 2/3 of the plate was salad and the quiche itself wasn't stellar. 

Overall, good time in a cute upscale environment. I recommend the sweet over the savory brunch dishes as those were better. Also free ice cream on your birthday!
LOVED the decor! Stopped in here pretty late on a Wednesday evening for a drink and a snack. The service was meh.. seemed to be annoyed about something. The hostess was delightful though. The capers in the tuna tartare were very very overpowering and the prosecco was meh as well. I'll give them another try during happy hour.
Stopped by Louie Louie for happy hour with a few co-workers and was quite pleased! I had been here pre-pandemic during a visit to Philadelphia, but this was my first time fully enjoying their happy hour. We snagged a table in their outdoor area, which is expansive enough to allow everyone to feel comfortable. Previously, I had sat at the bar inside, which is an AWESOME vibe - the entire interior is decorated in almost a 1920s style, which feels like a lovely time warp and feels so classic and perfect. Highly recommend at least walking through their indoor space to take it all in. But since it was nearing the end of summer on my most recent visit, I was glad we opted to sit outside in the nice weather. 

I'm glad that their happy hour is still intact! Louie Louie offers both food and drink specials on their HH menu, which I appreciate. For drink, I went with the "Son of a Preacherman" - a cocktail that featured sweet tea vodka and limoncello, amongst other mixers. It was quite lovely and perfect for the warmer weather, tasting just like a sweet tea with a bit of a kick. As a cocktail novice, I really appreciated this drink. For eats, our table split a variety of small plates including shishito peppers, truffle fries, bacon wrapped dates, and goat cheese brushetta. I am a sucker for bacon wrapped dates, so that was my favorite dish, loving the combination of the sweet dates with the creamy blue cheese. The goat cheese brushetta was the crowd favorite, loving the tomato and arugla paired with the creamy goat cheese that almost tasted whipped atop the crusty bread. Delightful! 

We all really enjoyed our happy hour experience at Louie Louie! The HH prices are just right, with the cocktails coming in at $7 and the apps ranging from $5-$8 (depending on what size plate you get). Definitely a steal for the high quality food and drink! I highly recommend Louie Louie for a happy hour after work in University City, and I look forward to visiting again in the near future! Thanks for a great post-work treat, Louie Louie!
Had lunch here it didn't disappoint. I had the lobster roll that came with chips. It was very good, but not a large portion... which is fine because it was very tasty.

My cousin had the burger for lunch and she loved it as well. We tried a few different drinks which were also awesome. The waiter had great drink suggestions from the menu because there were a ton of different options to choose from.

It was busy for lunch, but we were able to sit down right away. It is a very trendy and upscale place, but has a cozy vibe. I will definitely have to try it out for dinner at some point.  It's definitely not a place for someone on a budget, but is a nice place to splurge every once and a while.
Enjoyed a delicious relaxing brunch in this beautiful restaurant. The decor is very Paris bistro-ish. Service was very good, our server was both knowledgeable and friendly. I started with the blood orange mojito "mocktail", too early for booze lots of stuff to do today! It was refreshing and would easily be a great cocktail. Appetizers for the table were the deviled eggs and avocado toast with crab. The eggs were very good, simple and tasty. The avocado toast was also very good, the complex mixture of ingredients made this really stand out when compared to others I've had. 
The main courses were the croque madam and lobster omelette . What can I say about the croque madam except WOW! It was huge and delicious! The field greens with basaltic was the perfect side. Definitely come hungry if you order this, I couldn't finish mine. The lobster omelette was also good, although I did feel like it could have used some hollandaise sauce (but I love hollandaise). There was plenty of lobster inside which was great. 
There are only 2 unisex bathrooms but they were modern and clean! I will certainly be back, and highly suggest giving this one a try!
A bougie gem in University City. I've always walked passed Louie Louie, but never went in and wow...all I can say is that I've been missing out. 

The outside is cute with the black and white stripes, but the inside is even better! It's so much more spacious than it seems, and the decor is breathtaking! You really feel like you're transported to a fancy bistro in France somewhere. They definitely understood the assignment. 

We sat outside the restaurant, but it still felt like it was indoors because it was nicely heated and insulated, with high ceilings. They were not lacking seating at all, and the crowd inside proved that. I actually preferred sitting in the tent the day we went because it felt like we had some privacy. 

They have a great selection of food and drinks. We went for dinner, but definitely want to try out brunch one day. I got an espresso martini, my boyfriend got a white cosmo, then for our next round of drinks we switched. The aesthetics were *chefs kiss*. Super Instagram worthy. For food I got the mussels, and my boyfriend got the roast sandwich. Delicious food, and perfect portions. However, I'd like to make a special toast to the house made brioche bread. It was superb! One of the best breads I've ever had the chance to try. Just soft, buttery, and all things amazing. 

Overall, Louie Louie was a great experience for my boyfriend and I. We cannot wait to return and glad a place like this exists so close to our neighborhood. 10/10 would recommend.
This is a really good blend of French and American bistro type food! You will definitely need a reservation for this place as it fills up with business people fast! It's located in the UPenn hotel so you can see why it fills up so fast! This place is a little more on the upscale side so it's a little pricey but def worth it with the quality of food.
We started off with the burratta. The buratta was so fresh! Be sure to ask for extra crispy bread as you'll need it to scoop it all up! For the meal here I ordered the salmon with a side of French fries! The salmon was in an amazing white sauce with plenty of veggies! It was so creamy and light I could have eaten another platter of it. The fries were also cooked perfectly, perfectly crisp without being burnt. So good. Give this place a try if in university city.
The perfect menu provided by the perfect restaurant with the most perfect decor. To dine in this gem is an experience. The decor is vibrant and cheerful with a wide and tasteful color palette giving off a joyful ambiance. I highly recommend the spicy margarita and the escargot both were delicious. The calamari and oysters were two other dishes I ordered and both were prepared to perfection.
My first meal at Louie Louie was very good. I went for lunch with friends and there were so many interesting options on the menu but I opted for the special short rib grilled cheese. The portion was very generous (I could only eat half) and came with a huge bowl of corn chowder soup and a side salad. One of the people I was with ordered the burrata served on toast which was incredible and had a pesto injected tomato with it. The other people ordered the hot pastrami sandwich which they raved about and looked like a unique version of the well known sandwich and came with a generous helping of potato chips. The portions were more than enough and the food was extremely delicious. The decor in the restaurant is also so funky and fun and i'm excited to return.
I had no idea this restaurant existed, but I am so glad I found it.  I was beyond pleased with the food, ambiance, and service.  We went on a Sunday without reservations and we were immediately seated with superb service.  I will highly recommend here!
Absolutely love this restaurant nestled at the bottom layer at the Inn at Penn. the menu is absolutely fabulous and provides an array of delicious dishes. My favorite are the escargot, oysters, and calamari. The oysters are so fresh and outstanding. The calamari is mixed with peppers and has an incredible flavor. Finally and most importantly the escargot is to die for. It's truly incredible the seasoning, the cheese, the sauce, the bread for dipping... perfection to say the least!!!

The decor is so instagramable and colorful. I suggest sitting in one of the sofa tables and relaxing for happy hour. If you are looking for something more formal they have regular dining tables as well as a large bar to grab a bite to eat or try one of their fabulous cocktails.
Came here in October for a bachelorette dinner and we were accommodated for a party of eight ... it really is a beautiful restaurant , the food was delicious , I had a  medium rare ribeye steak frites and the polenta lamb meatballs YUMMmMm... and I few cocktails which were incredible the services was awesome also ... I'll def be back whenever I'm in town
Ugh, this actually pains me.  I had high hopes for this spot and was the one that recommended it for a group meal.  Left the restaurant w my friends being pretty embarrassed since I was the one that chose this overhyped spot.  This restaurant is just AWFUL.  Like all-around blows. Lets start with the service.  Pretty much everyone we encountered from the host to the waitress just didn't seem to give a sh%t.  It was like we were intruding on them in their own private home.  When I said the name of the reservation the host must of not heard me and responded with "what?". Really? "What?"...WHAT are you 10 yrs old?  Learn how to hold an adult conversation.  This restaurant falls into the category of "instagram type restaurant" where it looks good in photos but thats about all thats good about it.  No substance.  No heart.  No real care to actually put in the effort but rather just to come off as if you do.  If you put half the amount of effort into actually caring that you do pretending that you care you'd probably not be getting so many bad reviews.  We sat down and it took a solid 10-12 minutes to get a drink order.  We got a few apps (lamb meatballs, burrata)...both nothing to write home about.  I had the burger that was bland and dry.  I can forgive a bad dish though.  I have trouble forgiving bad service especially service that seems systematically awful.  It wasn't just that we had a bad server.  Everyone was bad.  Not sure who runs this place but whoever is at the top needs to get a grip on this restaurant.  Overpriced, uninspired food with lazy, cold staff. I think the owners also own white dog which I actually like.  Not sure how they steered wrong with this spot.

AVOID AT ALL COSTS! So many better restaurants in Philly and around UPenn.
Louie Louie has such a fun retro vibe the second you walk in the door. From the inventive cocktails to the kind and knowledgeable waitstaff, it was an enjoyable time all around! The cheese board was spectacular (it included on of my favorites I usually get from a local shop, Humboldt Fog). I also strongly encourage you to order the appetizer crispy cauliflower - it's lightly fried with curry spices and golden raisins. It was a great sweet/savory mix. Someone at my table also ordered a side of truffle fries that is making my mouth is water just thinking about them again. The 4-star rating is because I wasn't a big fan of my entree - Mahi Mahi "Paella". The paella is in quotes for a reason. Everything on the plate was good (the fish was thankfully the highlight) but it seemed like an odd mix. Everything else was very good though and I do expect to return.
I came here today with a friend for lunch. The place is very aesthetically pleasing. We got the chicken liver as an appetizer. It was just ok to me. I've had better, for I think $9, it came with 4 little slices of bread that made up to be 1 slice, maybe less. It wasn't practical to eat chicken liver mousse like that? Anyways, we asked for more bread and she gave us 2 actual slices, which were so much more practical but whatever. We also got the lamb meatballs which I thought were ok. I guess I like regular meatballs instead of lamb? For entrees, I got the Louie burger and my friend got the French dip. I don't know what I was expecting ordering a burger, but it tasted like any other burger. For $19, it wasn't worth it. Came with fries and they were ok. The French dip was pretty good, it was the best thing we ordered. That was a whopping $22. Dessert....we got the sundae, which took awfully long for some reason? It was $12. For like a scoop of ice cream and half a cookie and some brownie and chocolate. Our bill was $81. With tip, $100. For lunch. Yes, for lunch. I think the prices are a little too high for mediocre food. BUT I will say, the dinner menu looks good and I will probably come back. The prices for lunch are the same for dinner for some items. 4 stars for the nice service.
Louie Louie was a good place for a casual brunch. The dining room and bar are very chic and provide great ambiance; the lights above the booths are absolutely lovely. The menus we were handed were big and off-brand for the interior of the restaurant, more similar to a chain restaurant menu. The food was delicious but a bit overpriced; it seems Louie Louie might be a better option for dinner than for brunch.

Two members of our party got the Signature Bloody Mary and thought the mixture of gin, vodka, and a third liquor was gross. The bellinis were fantastic, but then again, it's not too difficult to mess up a bellini. We started with the arancini which were delicious. My entree was the seafood benedict which was also great. We split the Paris Bret after which was good, but not to my personal tastes. 

I would conclude that this was a good casual brunch, but it didn't wow me.
Went here for happy hour and ordered four different small plates & a cocktail with a friend. Surprisingly reasonably priced with delicious food  The interior was so modern & old fashioned at the same time. Wonderful place to go with friends for happy hour. Excited to go back for actual dinner!
Ok, I felt like I was celebrating my birthday in someone's luxury home.  The décor in Louie Louie is just gorgeous.  The lounge has jewel tone fabric couches, buttery leather chairs with a fireplace.  In the middle of the restaurant is a bar.  Dining to the left with black and white tile flooring with semi-round booths and tables.  A great way to kick off my birthday weekend.

We started off with cocktails, which were specials of the night.  So good, we ordered a second round. For appetizers we went with Spanish Octopus, Crispy Cauliflower and Yellowfin Tuna Tartar. Excellent!

Our entrees were Mediterranean Bronzino, Vegetable Bolognese, French onion soup and Crispy Cauliflower.

Typically I don't order dessert but it was my birthday and all, so we ordered Vanilla Rice Pudding Crème Brulee and me and favorite daughter shared the Signature Sundae.  Heavenly!

Thanks Louie Louie for making my birthday memorable.  My next visit will be date night with the hubby.
Food was really good but it was a little expensive.  The place was nice and the servers were very friendly and helpful.  I had the paella and it was good but not traditional and not what I expected.
One of my favorite happy hour places on campus! The design of the place is really pretty and gives a nice atmosphere. However, the happy hour gets crowded fast if you don't arrive early! The drinks and snacks are all nicely priced during happy hour.

- The pear cocktail is absolutely delicious! It's just the right amount of fruitiness.
- The crispy cauliflowers are really good here. It's a fairly large serving too so makes you feel less bad consuming the other unhealthy foods.
- Truffle fries are great. It is hard to stop eating them once you start!
- My friend really enjoys the Brussel sprouts every time we come here.
Cute restaurant in University City. Plenty of seating, indoors and out. Tried to make a reservation for a specific time on opentable.com, but didn't have any openings... called instead and were able to snag the time we wanted...point being, call to make a reservation. 

The decor is interesting and colorful. My only complaint was the bathroom situation, there were four total, but only 1 person capacity, one had a working toilet and non working sink, so I had to walk up a couple flights of stairs to wash my hands...where there was a working sink but not paper towels. Oy vey. 

Now with that being said, I'll get to the food, it was by far one of the best meals I've had in 2021. Everything we ordered was delicious. The calamari was spicy and tender, I loved the addition of the pickled hot peppers, also tried the bacon wrapped dates and the brioche, all delicious. For mains had the moules frites-- cooked to perfection and the truffle fries were spectacular. My bf got the beet salad with burrata and chicken, and there were no salad greens-- but he loved it. 

For dessert tried the creme brûlée, profiterole (in this instance was like a cream puff ice cream sandwich) and by far the best dessert was the hazelnut tart with chocolate ganache. 

It was a such a great find in University City.
As I always say Sunday's are for brunch (not football) so naturally I met with a dear friend of mine who is moving to Houston for a farewell brunch. We went to Louie Louie and sat outside. Inside is so aesthetically pleasing but we wanted to enjoy the weather. We cheered with a Gia Bellini which is ginger/mango flavored and it was so good we ordered a couple rounds of them. I had the eggs royale which is essentially smoked salmon eggs Benedict, it was delicious! My gf the creme brûlée French toast she said it was so yummy and the perfect sized portion. The service was phenomenal as we spent a lot of time talking and catching up so she was very patient with us. I definitely will be back to check out the dinner menu soon!
I dined here for the first time on a recent Sunday evening. There wasn't a large crowd but I'm not sure how this compares to other times and days of the week. The space has a nice French cafe or bistro feel although the space is pretty large compared to other restaurants in the city.

They have a nice mix of appetizers, starters, salads,and mains. They do have some vegetarian options but not sure about vegan options. Overall the food was good. I had the vegetable curry.  This seemed a little pricey for the portion size. The Arancini and burrata are good appetizers that can be for one or for sharing for two. We enjoyed the flavors of all of our choices. 

Outside dining is available. They offer brunch on weekends.
The cocktails and the mussels were soooo good! The best part of the place was the ambience, the decor, and the service by the employees!
What a great find in University City! Situated right next to UPenn campus, the restaurant offers very open and spacious layout, charming atmosphere, great decor and a menu to please any palate. Everything about our experience was great . Greeting hostess was very friendly, service (Shannon) was fantastic, food- delicious ! If I could give it more than 5 stars I would !! Highly recommend it for casual brunch/lunch/dinner or a special occasion (they have a private area for larger groups).
Came by for lunch the other day with my husband, and had the duck burger and the venison bolognese. The duck burger was a duck confit sandwiched by soft brioche buns, with some kind of sweet jam spreaded on the bottom bun. Personally I did not like the jam spread in the burger because I don't like anything sweet in my burgers. The burger also came with truffle fries and smelled amazing but the truffle oil could barely be tasted in the fries. We both thought the venison bolognese was delicious and the sauce beautifully made. We will definitely be back to try their dinner menu in the near future.
This is a beautiful, new restaurant next to the Inn at Penn. I was staying at the hotel and this looked fabulous. It was great. 

Service was wonderful. Had an excellent fromage plate and the salmon. Both prepared perfectly. 

Excellent bread, an Epi with just the right chew and very good butter. 

I didn't dare have dessert. This is a great place for an evening date, lunch or whenever. Lovely atmosphere too. Feels like a bistro de Paris.
So story continues.... trip to Philly for Drexel Parents weekend and as an ex-chef and Finder of all food that's good, the task fell to me again to hook the team up with exceptional eats. Sunday turned out to be rainy and damp, I booked LouieLouie a week in advance after a quick trip through the online menu. 

Food was out of this world good French style cuisine, we had Bacon wrapped dates, warm Monkey bread and many other great things. Eggs Benedict were perfectly dry and fluffy and runny! 

Chris S was our waiter and he was a super cool dude! Go....."eat..pray...love" all at Louie Louie!
I came to Louie Louie with a group of 13. Pro: they accept brunch reservations. Con: if your group is 12 or larger, they require you to order off of a prix fixe menu for $35 a person. 

The prix fixe menu consisted of three courses and included coffee. We had the option of adding bottomless drinks for $16. Drink options included mimosas, screwdrivers, bloody marys, white sangria, red sangria, and greyhounds. I didn't order the bottomless drinks, but others with me did. The drinks looks fabulous and everyone who had them loved them. The waitresses were pretty good about refilling the drinks too. You can switch up drinks between refills so there's an opportunity to try them all! 

For my first course, I had the monkey bread, which was sweeter than I was expecting, but still really good! For my second course, I ordered the Wild Mushroom Omelette, which was amazing!! I typically don't care for omeletees, but I just had to try this one. I would definitely recommend getting it if you like mushrooms. You will not be disappointed! For our third course, they brought is a trio of mini desserts. There was carrot cake, tiramisu, and a third chocolate dessert that we weren't sure what exactly it was. They were all good, but the carrot cake was by far my favorite (and I don't typically love carrot cake)! 

Overall, I enjoyed Louie Louie. If I had come with a smaller group, I definitely wouldn't have ordered the first course or dessert. I do want to come back with a smaller group and do a normal brunch with their bottomless offering! I had put off coming here for a while because nothing on the menu impressed me and for the price I figured I could try one of the many other brunch places in Philly. After trying Louie Louie and knowing the quality of the food and the offerings, I will be back!
This place is really beautiful. The colors are warm, the couches are plush and over stuffed, there are beautiful light fixtures, a sleek bar and crackling fireplaces. I arrived for happy hour at about 5 and the lounge section was already filled up. However, a kind gentleman that was stalking out seats as well, informed me that it was parents weekend at Penn so I think that was quite a few of the crowd... but their happy hour is wonderful so this is a popular spot. I settled in with a Folsom Prison Blackberry Brews...Jim beam bourbon, tamworth blue lion, blackberries, agave, and cold brew coffee. It was perfect. So well balanced with the bourbon and coffee. I ordered the lamb meatballs on a bed of the creamiest, yummy polenta. By this time, my girlfriends had arrived and the drinks and the food began to flow. The service was great, the couch was comfy and the fireplace on a chilly autumn night was perfect. We ended the evening with beautiful desserts (I had the creme brûlée and it was so good!) This will definitely be my new "go to" happy hour spot. Especially if I can get there on the early side on a Friday night.
Love the art deco atmosphere & class here!! Old world sophistication at it's finest. Booths are super cozy & great for groups or romantic evening. Have been several times & never disappointed with the food or service. Sometimes I think the food is 5stars ; but, whatever the case, you won't be disappointed with there master cocktails, approachable wine list & fresh, fine foods!
Setting: 
Louie Louie is located in the heart of the University City section of Philadelphia. adorning the sidewalk with beautiful accent furniture and vibrant signage. This cozy European bistro is serving much flair that screams time for champagne and selfies. Its such an Instagram worthy restaurant which I love. The bold colors and furniture captivates you just as much as the cocktails,

Staff:
The staff was amazing. My waitress Jasmine was freaking awesome. Very knowledgeable about the menu and very helpful when it comes to making a decision which is a super plus for me. Every item I decided to pick was based from her suggestions and I was very satisfied. I wanted to take pictures with pretty drinks and she recommended the perfect drink to pop with my instagram photos lol. Another plus I enjoyed was the portion size, everything was very fulfilling and I was throughly satisfied for the day. I would encourage ordering a few items to share so you can enjoy a full dining experience.

Food: 
Louie Louie is the perfect spot for an amazing Girls Day Out Brunch or dining experience. I can't wit to go back for Happy Hour and dinner.
I ordered the deviled eggs which were very light and creamy, the Banana Foster Waffle which was very sweet and savory, you dont have to add much syrup at all, The Cocktail Shrimp were amazing, served on a chilled bowl of ice and super flavorful. I loved the fact that the shrimp were pre seasoned which were easy to enjoy without dipping in cocktail sauce for every bite. 

Cocktails:
Definitely order the Sally Bellini a very fruity a light cocktail. The non alcoholic menu is delicious too!
Louie Louie is the perfect special occasion restaurant.  It was an ideal place to take my parents when they were in town visiting; it's a comfortable experience with great service, excellent food, and strong drinks.

The decor is really cool.  Would not recommend the bone marrow appetizer, though, unless you know what you're getting into, but that was my bad. I wanted to feel cool.
Love this place for their rotating drink menu and bacon wrapped dates! There is generally one or two other solid food items on the menu depending on the time of year!  They have a great happy hour but seriously get the dates
10/02/21;
Came to here again since our  and  are having a reunión in Philly! 

The environment is good as usual. 
Love the salmon the most-- the fish skin after roasted  is crispy while the flesh is very tender and juicy, especially tgt with the sauce from the salad aside!
The house made brioche bread is impressive too! The bread itself is warm and a bit sweet, with the spread of truffle honey butter on it 
Also like the French dip, the garlic and cheese escargot, and the duck!
Soooo what took me so long to check this place out? Well, it was the bad reviews they had when they first opened. But one day my job had a meeting at The Inn at Penn and we walked through the lounge area and I noticed just how niiiice Louie Louie looked! So I checked out the reviews again and it looked like they improved so I jumped on the chance to check them out for Happy Hour. Their Happy Hour specials are good, I enjoyed my food/loved the cocktails, and the décor just makes you want to stay, relax, and continue to spend money lol. I am already looking forward for my next visit there for another Happy Hour!
Went there yesterday for lunch with friends and I don't think they where at their best !
We came late around 230 and ordered pretty fast we didn't know that they where closing kitchen at 3 
I asked for the Caesar salad with chicken and the server said that they where out of chicken . that's fine but just mention it before or after mentioning the specials !
Then the lobster roll!
No more lobster 
Where is the communication between kitchen and FOH?
No manager or GM came to table and check with us 
Have you ever seen a what they call croque Monsieur looking like this?
Another little thing 
Candles on table for lunch?
The server was nice 
And the place have potential
I did not plan on dining at Louie Louie's however  since it was directly across the street from the Theater we were attending that night why not? Looked invitingfrom the outside and once we got inside it was bustling with a crowd that looked like they were just having a grand old time. We were seated immediately and were able to take in the view of the large dining area from where we were seated and even got to look out the window at the diners sitting outside on a chilly night.

A friendly greeting from our from our server as he informed us of the daily specials. The octopus immediately grabbed my attention so I went for it and then ordered a pork chop entrée that was absolutely fantastic. I was thoroughly impressed with the grilled octopus Appetizer that came with fingerling potatoes,
Both taste fully seasoned with a very thin light vinaigrette. My guess had a burger that she raved about throughout the meal along with Parmesan potatoes they're also were excellent, no room or time for dessert but I caught a glimpse of a few that looked great as they passed me by. 
I will definitely return to Louie Louie's it was a nice find on a chilly night.
Wow! The quality of the food here is epic. I came with a group of coworkers for a lunch meeting and Louie Louie was a hit. We ordered the burrata, fried oysters, flatbread, lobster roll, beet salad, tuna salad, wedge salad, French onion soup, and eggplant dish. We ended up ordering a second burrata appetizer because it was THAT GOOD! The only thing we weren't crazy about was the fried oysters as they were a bit chewy. Overall, the food was amazing. Service could have been better but we will definitely be back!
Louie Louie was outstanding! I've been trying to get around to this spot for a while and haven't had the opportunity until recently when staying in Philly with my aunt for a concert. We both loved it! The ambiance, the service and the food were all terrific and I will definitely be back!

My aunt and I decided to order a bunch of appetizers from their menu because there were so many great options to choose from. We started off with the burrata which was served over beats and arugula. Delicious, creamy, and the presentation was beautiful. We also ordered the lamb meatballs, the crab cocktail and the beef tartar. All of those apps were superb with generously large portion sizes. We decided to both order French onion soup as our main course because we were so full from the apps. And the French onion soup was fabulous as well with an abundance of cheese melted on top. 

Overall, fabulous resturant! Great presentations of food, service, ambiance, reasonable prices and everything was excellent! Will definitely be back to Louie Louie very soon!
Honestly, this restaurant was extremely underwhelming. Fort starters, at the bar, we waited forever to get attended (we saw others who arrived after us get attended first) and when we finally got the bartender to take our order, we got our wines in dirty lipstick stained glasses. When we told the waiter, we then got our wine in scotch glasses. 

The menu wasn't impressive at all. I ordered the French dip and to be honest, the Panera Steak and White Cheddar tastes better. Our waitress was super sweet, but you can tell that she was overwhelmed by managing a big party plus other tables herself, which means the restaurant must have been understaffed. My food was also cold. 

The one good thing this restaurant had going was the decor and the live music. There's a nice seating area where you could enjoy the performances. If you want to go here, might as well go solely for the setting and music.
The ambiance is great, the prices are reasonable, and the helter-skelter service is understandable considering how busy this place can get, but the food was flat-out bad. Maybe it was a rough night in the kitchen, but after looking at Yelp, I've discovered that *all* their Cheese Plates look as appalling as the selection. The pappardelle was equally disappointing - the watery sauce was bland and the pasta itself was cold. To be fair, the creme brulee was fine, but I left feeling embarrassed that I brought a colleague here.
These Sunday lunch devours are all the way from @louielouiephl in university city Philadelphia! This restaurant is located in the INN AT PENN Hotel and stay. This elegant yet really classy restaurant serve two menus throughout the day. While here, i was given a lunch menu that was very short and easy to read. I first ordered the oysters  . They were super fresh and flavorful . I then ordered a Louie wedge salad  which was phenomenal! I then ordered the "French dip" roast beef sandwich with frites! The sandwiches very juicy and the beef was cooked to perfection. If you ever find yourself in U.City please check out @louielouiephl and tell them shimmy sent you! #philadelphia #philly #food #foodporn #foodie #foodblogger #goodeats #lunch #water #sanwiches #salad #peppers #oysters
So nice I think I'll go more than twice. Sat night reservation at six and the place was filling up. Seated and my wife, the birthday girl, was handed a nice note and her cosmo was waiting. I had a sezarac that was smoked right at the table and delicious. Tasty figs wrapped in bacon. Exquisite chicken liver (seriously) and the lobster bisque. We could have stopped. But then the trout almandine and ravioli. And a carrot cake to finish. Service was excellent and attentive but we did want to chill and linger and there was no pressure to leave. Will be back.
As much as I use Yelp, I typically don't leave reviews. This experience was too exceptional for me not to share. First, I came out to celebrate my birthday with my husband and best friend. We are all foodies at heart and appreciate good service. The service, food and drinks were AMAZING!!! I had to share my gratitude with the staff while we were here. Madison our sever and Kali the bartender were fantastic! They took such good care of us. I'm anticipating coming back  tomorrow with another set of friends. We had the Brie & pear salad, escargot, oysters, ravioli, lamb chops, Louie burger, Strawberry mint martini, White Cosmo and mangojito. I couldn't have asked for better time. Can't wait to come again!
Right outside of the University of Pennsylvania.  This is my first time here. Went for breakfast.  There is metered parking right outside.  Went for breakfast.  Breakfast menu is limited but good. We had the avocado toast and the yogurt with granola.
I went here for happy hour with some friends. The waiter walked past our table 3 times before acknowledging us, and then, once we got ready to get up and leave, he magically appeared to take our order! After 25 minutes of waiting and having him say he'd "be back in 5" it just can't be worth it.
Just ordered take out from here and it was excellent!  I order a lot of delivery in the city (I rarely cook for myself!).  I had the bacon wrapped dates, the chips and dip and the french dip.  I kept the chips for later, so no comment on those yet.  The sandwich was excellent.  The bread was great, but I didn't want to fill up on bread, so off it went for the all the good stuff in the middle. The cheese YUM!  The onion broth to dip in was full of flavor.  Now for the dates, whatever that sauce in they serve it in was sooooo good. May have to visit the restaurant now that I checking out on yelp and see how fun the decor is and the bar looks awesome. This is now in my book of places I need to visit.
My fiancé and I came in to celebrate our engagement. We started off with a couple cocktails (Watermelon Martini & Southside of Rockaway). Both were refreshing and delicious. We ordered the fried green beans as an appetizer. They weren't deep fried as we anticipated but were delicious with a nice balsamic reduction. For our entrées, she ordered the raviolis which came with a nice vegetable assortment mixed in and I ordered the Mussels & Frites. The mussels came with some lightly toasted bread that I liberally used for soaking up the delicious sauce. The frites were done just right and had a garlic aioli for dipping. We finished off the lovely evening with crème brulee.

 

The ambiance was fantastic and they gave us two complimentary glasses of champagne.  Nice new restaurant that had fair prices for the higher end food.
Strong 4-stars. 

Seated quickly.  Excellent short rib, filet, and ravioli. The drinks, wine selection and small appetizers of cheese and deviled eggs were also very good!  Attentive and sting bar staff. 

Why not 5 stars?  (1) Big burger ordered medium came out rare. It looked good when served and probably would  have been awesome if cooked more. (2) Out of the Squid appetizer and T-Bone (Saturday special) -- the two things I ordered. (3) No bar waiter. So if you sit in the comfortable chairs in the lounge you need to walk up and order drinks from the bar. 

It's VERY LOUD. We were fine with it, but if you are sensitive to it, I would skip --- and for this reason would probably not go with more than 4 people who want to all be part of the conversation.
Disappointing experience from the start.
We were a 6 top and were sat at a nice half booth. The AC was high above us and was dripping down on to our table so we had to spread apart so it wouldn't hit us.  It was so loud in the restaurant I could barely hear what my family was saying and missed out on conversation. When we said something to our waitress she said they are aware of the issue. Why would they seat people there then? For the overpriced food you'd think they'd be more professional. 
I ordered the burger and asked for it to be medium cooked. I was served practically raw meat with a thin outside layer somehow cooked. It was just mush inside. I asked the waitress about if the truffle in the fries was strong and she said no it was the salt that was truffled so it was not strong. It was so strong I couldn't eat them without soaking them in sauce and even then I decided to share with the table because I couldn't handle the taste. My family also agreed they were very strong. There was a joke going that the waitress had it against me and put in for a rare burger and extra truffle oil on the fries.
The time between the apps and entrees coming out was good, until dessert. We were wondering what was taking so long and they served it to us half melted. 
Two stars because besides the burger order the food was good.
Been here a few times now and I absolutely love it. The 70s/French vintage theme is perfectly present throughout the restaurant and the menu! The food is beyond delicious. I had the Louie burger and it was so flavorful my mouth exploded with excitement. Will definitely be going back soon!
Reviewing for happy hour and brunch. 

It's true- this is a very instagrammable spot. The best way I can describe the decor is Art Deco/Modern. They have a room you can rent for events like a bridal/baby shower- and it's already halfway decorated!

As far as food, can't go wrong with the Louie burger and lamb meatballs for happy hour, and the good old waffles for brunch. The happy hour was well priced with $5 cocktails and $9 for the medium plates- perfect size to share. A little disappointed with the mussels since half didn't open, and the server didn't seem to care when we brought that up. Happy hour can get crowded though so come early to get a seat at the lounge areas. The happy hour menu changes often (I think monthly) so there's always a reason to come back and try new cocktails.
