If you need a reminder of what truly fresh fried chicken is, then just drop everything and come here. I certainly needed that reminder, being a KFC/Popeyes kinda guy for the most part, and I got it during my visit - and I'm a better person for it!

I was itching for something new, and I had this place on my to-do list for a couple months now after seeing enticing pictures of its fried chicken, and I was in the neighborhood so it drew me in like a magnet. It's a small but gorgeous place located near Hancock street behind the Piazza (or whatever they call those older large apartments these days). It's a bit tough to find, if you're not familiar with the area.

Being a guy who likes his chicken on the spicy side, and knowing that Love & Honey was NOT going to be the place for that, I had to remind my palette to take a fresh, objective view on the taste of this chicken. And to be honest, I wasn't disappointed once I took a bite of that crunchy, honey-drizzled chicken coating. The more natural flavors really grew on me the more that I ate the chicken, and its delicious flavor became even more pronounced. The chicken inside was thick and juicy, and even the thrifty-mindedness that I have thought that it was worthwhile for the price (3 pieces for around $9 or so). And let me tell you - that crunchy coating is crazy: you can literally hold your chicken by the coating and it won't fall off!

Each order of chicken comes with the fresh Love & Honey cornbread. I'm a cornbread snob and I hate over-sweetened cornbread. Taking a first bite of the it without using the honey butter, I must say that this is darn good cornbread that certainly is not overly sweet at all - the way it should be. So I went on to try the accompanying honey butter on the cornbread, and I found myself using much more than I thought I would - because the taste was so addictive! I'm rather embarrassed to admit that I didn't have any honey butter left by the time I finished my cornbread - they just go together like peanut butter and jelly or bacon and eggs! So good!

And let me just say how friendly cool all the staff here is. The lady cooking (probably an owner) was just super sweet and attentive. It's this well-rounded package of great food food and friendly faces that makes you want to patronize a business and see it succeed.

You certainly won't have to twist my arm to get me back here! And if I think the price is worthwhile for the overall experience, then a place like this must be doing something right! Great job, Love & Honey!
I am woo'd. Honestly, I don't know why I waited so long. I picked a weekend, drove into the city, cautiously navigated the side roads and found a right out front parking spot.

They had maybe two customers inside so my order came quick. The owner was there, in a really good mood, friendly as all heck.

I wanted to stick to the basics so I did the 3 piece with biscuit & honey butter. I had high expectations. I've had amazing fried chicken before and I was just fingers crossed on my first bite.

Looks alone, gorgeous fried chicken. The color, the specks of seasoning, the crisp and crunch of the skin, the juicy meat. Honestly, you taste the love put in this dang chicken. 

Don't even get me started on how much I loved the honey butter on that biscuit.. because I would have gone back and asked for a tub of it. 

Overall, I'm going back and getting more and I'm already sure I'll be woo'd all over again.

Excellent job Love & Honey Fried Chicken.
Easily our go-to spot for fried chicken when the craving hits us! As a bonus, Love & Honey is also one of our favorite spots for pie!

We've tried just about everything on their menu and I've always been impressed with the consistency. The chicken has always been moist and tender, with a great crispy breading. Even when delivered or when we pick up, the crispiness has held up quite well! My favorite is the Nashville Hot chicken sandwich, which is just wonderful. It's spicy, but not mouth-numbing spicy. So good, whether eating there (pre-pandemic) or at home.

Their tater tots also are worth getting. Another item that holds up impressively well when delivered. If you like the Nashville Hot seasoning, you'll love that on the tots, too!

If you're looking for an indulgent dessert, definitely order their seasonal pies! I'm not sure I've ever had a subpar pie from Love & Honey, but their coconut cream and pecan pies are unreal. If they have pies in stock, definitely order a slice. I would be surprised if you're disappointed.

Overall, the staff has always been really friendly, and with great food and an impressive consistency, Love & Honey can only get 5 stars from me!
If you hear and feel a rumbling when coming inside Love & Honey that was your stomach, not the Market-Frankford Line passing you by. Go in, order, eat, and rejoice! Review over, you're welcome! I suppose you guys and gals of the Yelp world want a little more then to just go in and order? Fine, I'll appease your curiosity.

What can I possibly say that already hasn't been said about this Uh-MAZE-ing place? I mean if you are looking for that homemade from scratch recipes? Love & Honey is your spot. Don't worry though, this isn't a Colonel Sanders recipe kiddies , Popeyes is not even relevant, so get ready to wipe your mouth.

Todd (The Baller) and his lovely wife Laura (The Shot Caller) are the owners of Love and Honey, and I'm telling you this is the best fried chicken in Philly,  the burbs and the Jersey area. Go ahead challenge me, prove me wrong, I'll wait. I was also telling Todd when I used to live in San Diego there was 1 other fried chicken joint that was well worth the trip, and it is not the Crack Shack, it's Streetcar Merchant. Just like Streetcar, Todd and his crew take their time in preparing your order. Why rush perfection? Love and Honey wants you to experience the best , and why not you know your taste buds deserve it. Basically if you can't wait the 15 minutes for probably the best fried chicken in the city, you might as well just leave, and grab that fried chicken that has been sitting under a heat lamp for god knows how long.  

I can officially say I have tried about 90% of their menu, and I simply can't find anything wrong with any of it, everything has been out of the park. So are we ready to dive into this menu? You know I am ! Just call me Bennett, and let's get up in it !  

1) Nashville Style Sandwich~ A must order if you'e into spicy. In my humble opinion I think this could be spicier, but that is just me. This chicken breast is having a spa day in that buttermilk, then fried to perfection with that spiciness that has been rubbed into it for that added love. Then this is laid in a toasted bun with a bed of their homemade ranch coleslaw keeping it safe with those pickles over top with a drizzle of ranch just waiting for you to destroy. 

2) Fried Chicken~ A 3 piece of their OG style made to perfection! Brined for 8 hours these guys place these babies in a buttermilk bath. Once bathed they then proceed to add their own seasoned flour to it before being placed in the fryer. Once completed they will drizzle honey over it, putting you and your taste buds into an euphoric bliss. Dare I say... Winner winner chicken dinner?

3) Wings~ Big ole flappers is what Love And Honey is throwing down, not those skimpy bar wings you'd order mind you. If you're a wing fan you should be getting this, you will not be disappointed. Throw in some of their homemade cornbread with that honey butter and you'd be in heaven. You're welcome by the way, that tip was free.  

4) Tenders~ Who says chicken tenders are only for kids? Obviously they've never had Love and Honey's tenders. This is what one calls winning my friends. Add some of their homemade buffalo sauce mixed with that spicy ranch dressing to the mix, where that winning now has just turned into a game changer. 

5) Deviled Eggs~ The sides that has us coming back for more, and more. If your are curious or not wondering if I did I add that Saint Lucifer spice to it? You're damn right I did, and yes I did have beads of sweat coming down my head! 

6) Dessert~ From cookie of the day down to their homemade pies is a must order. Never the same dessert on their menu, and one who is a dessert aficionado can appreciate a rotation of that sweet decadent treat! 

I can clearly say I am a fan of Todd and Laura's establishment Love and Honey, and how they make you feel welcomed. They will accommodate to your needs, so rest assure you'll get the best experience possible. Keep on doing your winning thing Love and Honey, you just gained a faithful customer !

P.S. I want to thank Christian S. for his review and mouthwatering pictures that persuaded me to finally get in here.
I'm sure there is a lot of love being poured into Love & Honey Fried Chicken.  This Northern Liberties corner chicken shop turns out some delicious food that is worth traveling a little bit to eat in or take out.  The chicken is prepared to order so be prepared for a little wait but your delicious chicken breasts, wings, thighs, drums will come out warm, juicy, and tender.  Hot sauce is readily available to heat things up.  Corn bread and honey butter comes with each order.  And a side of their ranch slaw is the perfect accompaniment....especially with my liberal use of hot sauce.  Service is extremely friendly and one gets the feeling that the owners care about their product and want you to truly enjoy it.  I can easily give a little love to Love & Honey Fried Chicken.
04/13/2018

I have dined at Love & Honey a few times, with the last visit coming just a couple of hours ago. I always leave this establishment feeling extremely satisfied. When it comes to fried chicken, they know what they are doing at Love & Honey, and they are do it pretty damn good. The menu is simple, and straight forward. Yet, I still walk into this establishment and find myself conflicted trying to decide what fried delicious to consume, or whether or not I should just consume the entire menu. I have had the opportunity to try most of the menu items including the wings, the 3-piece meal, the OG chicken sandwich and the Nashville hot fried chicken sandwiches, and the potato salad. 

The chicken, Yes it is that good! Your mouth will begin to water the moment you lay eyes on that crispy, golden, coating. You will realize that your eyes are not deceiving you once you get the opportunity to sink your teeth through that seasoned layer of crispiness down to the tender and juicy meat of the chicken. There are establishments that specialize in preparing their chicken in various way, and different flavored glazes. I enjoy dining at these locations but I love the simplistic, yet scrumptious style of chicken served at Love & Honey.  

As for the chicken sandwich, what is better than a crispy, juicy chicken breast topped with sweet pickles, and sandwiched between a toasted bun? Add some Nashville heat to that sandwich. In addition to the flavor, the Nashville style sandwich packs some heat. My compadre and I went back and forth when it came to grading the chicken sandwich at Love & Honey. After much deliberation we concluded though we may not be ready to say it is the best chicken sandwich we've had, when you combine taste, price, and portion you will get more value for your dollar at Love & Honey PERIOD.  

You gonna eat your cornbread? What! you're saving it...for what? Later? Please don't try and save your cornbread muffin here; it is useless. I've seen some try only to devour it before leaving the store. Do yourself a favor, slather that thing up with some rich honey butter and enjoy what the good people at Love & Honey are giving you.  I despise potato salad with egg, but I consumed more than half of it which is saying a lot. I couldn't finish the rest because I also put down an entire sandwich, and I received a mound big enough to share with another individual in my opinion. 

Pump the brakes! I know the chicken is supposed to be the star of the show but the pie game is WHOA!

Dessert is not some secondary operation here. I know of only one other place in Philadelphia that makes a sweet potato pie that taste like perfection on a plate. Like my friend, and fellow yelper GiGi stated, I don't want to disrespect any blood or close friends, but either they are working with that other location in Philly, or someone in that store is a medium and they are getting the recipe from a lineage of great sweet potato pie makers that crossed over. My first experience with dessert came in the slice of a banana cream pie with a peanut butter bottom,  topped with whipped cream and piece of candied bacon. Bacon doesn't go on dessert... never mind! 

Love & Honey is going to be a go to spot for me!!  The owners, and their staff put a lot of precision into taking care of their customers, and the quality of their product. You can see it, and you can taste the love.
Let me start by saying I don't seek out fried chicken as a rule of thumb. I like it as much as the next guy but it just hasn't been a regular part of my diet.  But when friends said they wanted to go check out something new,  I was all in! Located just between Fishtown and NoLibs, the place is convenient,  especially if you want to go out for a beer after - you can walk to both Frankford Hall and Schmidts Plaza. The place is cute but on the smaller side.  More than half of customers seem to be using it as a pick up place (dinner, not dates!). But it's retro cool with exposed brick and subway tiles - makes it feel like it's been there forever,  as opposed to 8 days. 

But ultimately this place is about the food and the food is really good! The chicken was really moist and the breading was crisp and super flavorful. Really delicious!  A handful of sides all measured up - my mac n cheese was really rich and creamy - and the others that had greens and potato salad raved about them.  I don't eat cornbread often,  but this was some of the best I've had.  Moist and dense (doesn't crumble as you bite it) and served with a soft sweet butter - delicious! 

What else? Staff was super nice, desserts looked amazing ...Oh and the value is good - not as cheap as fast casual,  but for the quantity and quality you get? It's a bargain!

Last note - they started delivery today through Caviar - which makes it super convenient if you can't get there.
The fried chicken was fresh and hot with a nice crust and crispiness. However, I had high expectations of something more, something with unique flavor. It seems like they were aiming to distinguish themelves from other fried chicken places--that they were introducing something new to the fried chicken market-- but I didn't find anything that stood out enough for me to want to come back. Although the chicken was freshly made, I didn't have much flavor or a note of sweetness from honey. The cornbread certainly wasn't the best recipe coming from a person who loves and has had delicious cornbread. The price was set too high for a chicken place. It's 3 pieces chicken and cornbread at $9.25 plus tax.

Love and Honey has a nice name and intended concept but it just doesn't come across that well and the food didn't impress. 

The workers were friendly and professional.
Great quick service spot specializing in crispy chicken, delicious sides and delectable pies. Run by a husband & wife executing a simple but perfect menu. Frying each peice of juicy chicken to order. The staff & service is friendly and welcoming. They definitely do their best to make you feel at home.

We ordered a three peice and an order of their pimento deviled eggs. The chicken was perfectly crispy, super juicy and the added touch of honey drizzly made each bite perfect. And the deviled eggs were fresh, creamy and seasoned to perfection. Overall we had a wonderful experience and if your looking for outstanding chicken this is the place.
***Must try!!!!!***

Don't hesitate to come the palace of fried chicken.  The hype is real here.  One of the best fried chicken I have ever had.  This place made me enjoy white meat!!!  Take a trip and taste the food, you will understand how I'm feeling.  

It's a small place. But the chicken is to die for. Fresh made to order chicken.  $10 for 3 pieces (breast, thigh and leg) and cornbread no substitutes.  The Chicken was done in about 15 min.  It was piping hot and fried to perfection.   The skin was so crispy and the flesh of the meat was so juicy as I broke it open the juice was flowing out.   The message was also very flavorful. U can tell this place puts love in the chicken.   I ate all three pieces plus half of the cornbread.  And I felt like a kid on Christmas day. So happy and satisfied with joy. That I found such a delicious piece of fried chicken. 

 The chicken is also drizzled with some honey.  I would tell them to put the honey on the side next time. I like my chicken salty.  But it was still delicious.  I will be coming back for more.  And they also Have chicken sandwiches that looked amazing as well.

They also have handmade pies. I haven't tried them out but they looked amazing!!!
Amazing fried chicken tenders!! Coming from Texas, we love Raising Cane's tenders - so I use this for my standard for when I get chicken tenders. 

In general, I'm more of a chicken drumstick & wings person, but there are days where you randomly crave tenders. We ordered this delivered at around 4:30pm since we saw on their website their estimated time for deliveries might be up to 1hr + due to short staff and high demand. 

We got our food around 5:45pm which was actually faster than the expected delivery time of 5:55pm. 

Ordered:
14 piece chicken tenders  (Mc'Loven Sauce, Buttermilk Ranch)
Pimento cheese dip (comes with a bag of sea salt chips to dip)

The tenders were still so crispy and airy - the honey drizzle gives it a slight sweetness that you can't resist! If I'm not careful might have accidentally eaten the whole 14 tenders instead of sharing with my boyfriend. We also dipped the chicken in the pimento cheese dip for fun and it was actually quite tasty. The Mc'Loven sauce reminds me of spicy/Smokey chipotle sauce? 

Pimento cheese dip was good but I didn't like pairing it with the kettle chips they provided. Maybe something less greasy would be better to eat with the dip. (crackers or bread?)

Overall great fried chicken experience. I would love to try their drumstick & wings next time! 

Tip:
- don't forget to order early since their wait time is 1hr + during busy hours
I crave this fried chicken and never fail to stop in when there's an event at Punchline. Me and my boyfriend usually split a three piece meal that includes this cornbread muffin and honey butter. I can't even talk about it without salivating. We stayed from our usual last night as we saw they offered 2 new sandwiches, the OG And Nashville, with the Nashville being the spicy sandwich. I can handle spicy, but the girl behind the register warned me and I listened. Both came with spicy slaw, ranch, on a Schmaltz toasted bun. I was a little Weary straying form my usual, but oh was it worth it. This sandwich satisfied my craving of fried chicken and did so much more. I want to go back today. There is a little bit of a wait, but to be expected with fresh cooked fried chicken. The staff is always friendly. I want to try some of their desserts one day, such as the banana pudding. Last night they even had a back to school pie called the pb&j. I can't not wait for another excuse to be in the same location as this chicken  joint
Great first time experience. 

Heard about this for awhile and wanted to check it out. This is an elevated fried to order place so don't come here with your Popeyes and KFC taste buds. 

Almost secluded location but the outside is nicely lit and inviting. The space is on the smaller side but cozy. Menu is straight forward and clear. Staff were extremely friendly and made the experience 5 stars. 

Ate at bar area facing the street. The chicken was good. Had a nice crust and moist meat. The slaw was also good. Not traditional flavors but still hit the spot and all the right notes to cut the fat from the fried chicken. My wife ordered the Mac and cheese and it was just ok to her. I also recall it not being a standout.
Absolutely the worst chicken I've ever had in my life. If you're used to well seasoned, flavorful, fried chicken THIS is NOT it. I just don't understand how this place has such rave reviews. I will say the chicken itself has some (and I use that term very loosley) flavor....but the "breading" used to fry it has none....and I mean ABSOLUTELY NONE. I attempted to suffer through a wing but...I just couldn't do it. Ended up throwing out ALL my chicken (6 expensive pieces).  And if the tater tots give any inkling to what Nashville has to offer in the way of food...I'mma pass. They were terribly terrible. Wasted food and money!!! The only thing edible was the cornbread which was tasty and moist and the only reason this place gets a 1 star. You couldnt pay me to eat here. Worst chicken ever!!! EVVVVVERRRRR!!! Should've went to Popeyes. Seriously.

Add: After looking through other reviews it amazes me how much of a BULLY this restaurant is to anyone who doesn't like their food. It's called a REVIEW...its about customers giving THEIR opinion about THEIR experience of your restaurant. Everyone doesn't have to be a fan. But I'm sure their bully tactics keep some from expressing how terrible the food is. Speaks volumes about them.
Wow. Just wow. I was wondering why I was waiting over 10 minutes for my food. They made it from scratch, they always do. I'm a little happy with the lack of variety for soda, but this place is different. 

Damn, that chicken. Unlike anything I've ever tasted. It's so difficult to describe, but its gotta be the freshest chicken I've ever tasted, and the breading is unbelievable. I'd be lucky if I can ever find a place like this in NY. It's got a very homecooked feel to it.
THANK YOU FOR HELPING ME CELEBRATE NATIONAL FRIED CHICKEN DAY! I got 8 pieces delivered with 2 sides and my god it was piping hot when it got here! soooo good!

all the other reviews say how the chicken is very sweet? i love spicy food but i didn't get too much sweetness from this which is good! the pieces were HUGE and the crispyness was on point. the cornbread has a strange flower esque flavor which was interesting. the potato chips with the onion dip were soooo good. the mac and cheese could have a little bit more seasoning but still eatable.

i would definitely get this delivered again and again and again.
Amazing!!! At lunch they do a fried chicken sandwich. Toasted bun, huge breast moist and extra crunchy with the best coating, homemade killer slaw and homemade pickles. It was a fried chicken epiphany. I had the Nashville hot. It's was nasal clearing. Friend had the regular. One of the best damn things I've ever eaten. Seriously run and get one!!
I am writing this review from my car as I just left Love & Honey Fried Chicken. I must say the customer service deserved a one star rating today. I flew for 8 hours and had a craving for wings (it's a Sunday football thing), so I placed an order online, 6 Wings, a Nashville Hot Fried Chicken sandwich, potato salad, a slice of chocolate peanut butter pretzel pie, and a corn muffin. I arrived at the establishment and ordered an extra potato salad and french toast cookie(grand total $43). The young lady at the register asked for my name and said my order would be up in 15 mins. No worries, I had time on my side. Approximately 15 mins later, the young lady calls me over and hands me a small bag. I left the restaurant and walked about 200 feet before I decided to check the bag. Glad I did because the food I received wasn't mine. I walked back into the restaurant and told the young lady she gave me the wrong order. Her reply, "oh, you aren't Sofia?" My reply, "no, I am Nik." She grabbed the bag and proceeded to change out the wet bag and the other wet bags that were inside of the main bag. There was no apology, no eye contact, not a single word. I stood there for another 10 mins and she eventually called me over and handed me a much larger bag. I stepped aside and looked through every item to ensure I received what I ordered. I left the restaurant once again in the pouring rain to head home. 

This is the first time I encountered an issue here, and I think highly of this place because of the food. I hope the next time there is an issue, I receive better customer service.

-
Hi Laura L. Thank you for your professional and considerate review. You were not in the vicinity at the time the incident took place, so how would you know what happened?! My name isn't Sophia and your employee never said a name out loud. She literally looked me in the face, and told me my order was ready then handed me a bag that contained the wrong items. Oh, by the way, you never have to worry about me frequenting your establishment again. Now, I see why the customer service has gone downhill. You are clearly the prime example of poor customer service. Be blessed!
(to the tune of "Best Song Ever" by One Direction)

Maybe it's that extra crunch (wow!)
Biting into that big drumstick
That drizzle of the sweetest honey (WOW)
Eat so much, I thought I'd feel sick...

I said "Can I eat this every day?!"
They said "Just think of how much you'd weigh!"

But we both dug in, It had the best crunch ever
This fried chicken rocks, and I won't forget it
My mouth misses it, it'll always remember
Because these chicken chunks had the best crunch ever!

Oooh this is a tough one. I think the price is right, the food is delicious, and the location is convenient (really close to the Fillmore, to the Piazza, to all sorts of fun Fishtown bars) when you've gotta fuel up for a night. Unfortunately, the spot doesn't have much in the way of seating, so if you come while they're busy, you might have to wait (or take it out). Speaking of which, we saw SO many take-out orders while we were waiting/eating, so that must be a popular move. You might wait a while regardless, but that's just because they're cooking each piece to order (so think to call ahead!)

I love this food, I love the biscuits, and the staff is so friendly. If they'd get some more seating (tough in the space, so maybe we'll see them grow someday) this would be five stars!
So after saving this place for a few months I finally made it in!  The place is cute, just a few counter seats if you are eating in.  The chicken is moist, and crispy with a drizzle of honey.  The corn muffin and honey butter shine bright, delicious texture and a mastery of flavors.  The pimento deviled eggs add a nice touch of creamy flavor and the homemade-pickles pack some flavor.  Moving on to dessert the coconut cream pie is outstanding as is the lemon curd!  Having been to Atlanta in the past year, my only hold back on 5 Stars is the chicken...while it is very, very good I wish they offered it in original and spicy.  You know a little Gus' Fried Chicken flavor would bring this place over the top!  I'll be back!
I wish the proprietor and/or chef of this place opened a restaurant. i dont think i can call it the best fried chicken ive ever had but its definitely excellent and just comes down to personal preferences. you can't deny the excellence. you can absolutely tell the amount of thought and care put into every single food item i ordered and i ordered a bit. its why i ultimately gave this place a 5.

chicken has thick heavy crust but its absolutely delicious and cooked perfectly.

the sauces were stellar

the corn bread muffin was delicious and moist without being overly sweet

the potato salad might be one of the best ive ever had and im from the south so ive had tons. it is NOT red potato which is fine bc I prefer Idaho potatoes vs red in my potato salad. they dont go crazy on the dill either which is a common trap

cole slaw was bland to me and has celery which is interesting but again you KNOW they thought through every detail carefully. a bit too much dill for my taste but thats ok.

the lemon pie was AMAZING too. the crust was amazing and didn't fall apart either which is rare.

if this proprietor/chef opened a restaurant, its one of the few few few places in america i would trust anything blind. Honestly if the Chef is opening anything I can seriously be contacted about investing. 

i got 2 drum sticks, a thigh, small potato salad, small cole slaw, cornbread muffin, side sauce, and lemon pie which was all $30. the small sides are for 2 people and i eat a ton so probably $20 a person roughly


JEANS: OK by far
ORDER: at counter
 
VERY limited seating.
Jeez, IG really played this one up and I was excited to try this, I saved it for the last part of my trip. I'm from the south, I say that bc We don't play with fried chicken. No ma'am. I don't want to insulting but I understand the 5 stars b/c ya'll don't know any better. 

Pros: It was easy to order online, the customer service was on point, and the inside is nice and clean. Also, the cornbread was okay...chicken was juicy and crunchy.

Cons: I ordered the whole chicken. I don't understand spending 25 dollars on a whole chicken then getting no sides and TWO cornbread muffins...why are we sharing muffins?!? The chicken was not seasoned enough and the skin was crunchy but the skin didn't adhere to the chicken (I hope that made sense). We had a lot of chicken left over, hopefully my sister can make a salad or something. 

I also ordered the Nashville chicken. It was not spicy, Nash is supposed to be dipped in hot oil...I'm supposed to regret and love the first bite but I was waiting for it to hit, it didn't. Chick Fila has a spicier sandwich. 

I need to either lower my expectations or stop using IG...maybe both. IDK, anyway it's okay.
You bet your bottom dollar Love and Honey is the REAL deal. We've been to this chicken joint before and weren't blown away, BUT this time around hit different. Their Covid-19 plan is tighter than the sauce they put on their sandwiches. Very safe and all things are taken very seriously. 

What we snagged: 
-Order of Tots (Super crispy...every time. Idk how they do it) 
-McLovin Sandwich (New to the menu for limited time. Think about the Big Mac, but with chicken at 1000 times better) 
-Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich (SUPER spicy, but very flavorful) 

Overall, you can't beat this joint. So fresh and a great experience. The only qualm, order time to belly. Takes a long time, but I guess that's what you get for a very famous place.
This is what happens when gentrification meets fried chicken. Need I say more? I'm going to go ahead and agree with my predecessors who've posted about this chicken not being that great. I won't get into the fact that they messed up our order. We ended up getting a single order of tenders and wings, potato salad and a cornbread muffin and honey butter. The most interesting thing about the place was the choice of side sauces. Cornbread was bland, potato salad was meh and I would never order the chicken tenders again. All of the chicken, including the wings, had a good crunch but lacked flavor...again, thank goodness for the sauces. I will say the place is cute inside but that doea not justify a return trip.
Damn my friend Georgianna beat me to it! I was ready to write a review expressing my opinion on how I believe Love & Honey is the best fried chicken establishment in Philadelphia! 

I tell everyone I can about this place. I have walked through their doors with various individuals, and I've convinced them that Love & Honey is  the real deal. I've convinced a bride to be, who is in the gym daily getting ready for their weddings to venture over to Love & Honey, After she devoured her Nashville Hot, and her two wings, from the pound my party of three shared, she felt the calories were worth it. 

It's #NationalFriedChickenDay and I decided to make a run for the in-laws at the house. I ordered one pound of wings, a 6 piece, and two extra breast... Oh a blueberry and a key lime pie. Well yeah... I ordered for myself too. 

Living in South Jersey I am always concerned about the quality of takeout once I got home; especially if I run into traffic. Once and I got home the quality of the chicken did not deteriorate. It was still warm, juicy, and crispy as if it was just handed to me over the counter. I mean even when faced with obstacles, their chicken doesn't let me down. This is a result of their made fresh to order philosophy. 

My in-laws couldn't stop raving about how it was some of the best fried chicken they've eaten. This is the second time I've convinced family members on Love & Honey that they suggested that I order some for my twins first birthday party.
What else can I possibly say about Love & Honey? What more can they do to get me to love them any more than I already do now? What else can they possibly do to convince me that they are the best damn fried chicken establishment in the Philadelphia/S. Jersey region? I know... cater a party for 60 of my friends and family for a birthday party and convince them that your chicken is the best in the region.

Planning for my twins first birthday party, my wife wanted nothing but the best for this inaugural event. Food is key so we rounded up a few our favorite food establishments to cater the party. National Fried Chicken day was an awakening in my house once my wife, and her family members sampled that golden goodness coming from Love & Honey's kitchen. With one bite Love & Honey instantaneously made the list of caters; I already knew the deal. We ordered 200 wings and 5 quarts of coleslaw, which my father in-law says is phenomenal. 

Laura was an absolute pleasure to work with. Due to my late work schedule, busy home life, etc. I wasn't always responding to her messages in a timely matter, I had some last minute additions after the invoice was created, to put it short... I was not the easiest customer to work with. Laura however did not skip a beat, and was there to address my questions and my own confusion. 

In my latest review, I talked about how well the chicken maintained its heat and texture from Fishtown to my home in S. Jersey. Now Imagine 200 wings (I actually think there were more) arriving to your home hot and delicious, and  smelling like it just left the kitchen. My friend, who picked up my catering order for me, joked about how the ride was torture because the wings smelled so good. I made the MISTAKE of asking Laura how to keep the chicken warm, while preventing it from drying out. I say mistake because I know their chicken is amazing! I'm pretending as if it's not going to arrive hot, crispy, and moist and the chances of it drying out is nil. Laura assured (refreshed my memory) me that the chicken was not going to dry out, and it would be delicious hot, room temp, or cold; and she was not lying. I don't think we used any sterno heat during the party, and some of us were chowing down on a tray well after the party was over. Laura provided me with instructions to keep the chicken warm, I didn't bother it was great the way it was 

How does someone put that much prep into not just making a great product for the moment, but preparing it so you experience the that same fresh flavor, and the same crispy texture should you choose to enjoy your chicken at a later time? LOVE!! 

The wings were a hit! People were asking me where I ordered the wings from. If my friends and family were not primarily from the NY, North Jersey area Love & Honey would have had a  slew of new customers the very next day. They took some home, but I made sure to stash an unopened tray in the freezer!!
Let me start by being totally upfront with you. I am related to the couple that owns Love & Honey Fried Chicken. I am Laura Lyons' younger sister. But don't stop reading. If you have a sibling than you might understand that I would jump at the chance to criticize my big sister if I could. And while I can criticize her taste in music or the clothes she wears I can NOT find fault with her restaurant or the food she and her husband have created. I am filled with pride for Laura and Todd. I saw the time, energy and love they put into creating Love & Honey Fried Chicken and it was worth all the effort. 

Today I came to visit from Austin, TX - a place known for great fried chicken - to check out Love & Honey with the critical eye of a little sister. Here are a few highlights:

The fried chicken and chicken wings are the best I've ever had. They are juicy on the inside and so crunchy on the outside. The hint of honey made for a delightful flavor. I ate WAY too much of the chicken. Usually I'm a sides kind of gal but I could eat this chicken all day!

The mac & cheese was so creamy and delicious that I actually got angry that Laura and Todd had never made it for me before. 

The Key Lime Pie was so good. Tart in all the right places. I particularly liked the crust. 

I got to taste most everything and really it was all good. The slaw, potato salad, collard greens and of course the cornbread muffins. 

Really, it was all good?? Yes, it was. I couldn't find ANYTHING to criticize? No...and I really tried! I even love their selection of drinks in the cooler. Please check it out. Bring a friend or even your sibling!!
Probably one of the better fried chicken sandwiches I've had as of late. The sandwich was juicy and flavorful yet wasn't too heavy, greasy or burdensome. Small but bright and meticulous interior, too. Awesome lunch spot! I'll be back.
I recently went down South to Glendale, Kentucky, where I had the best southern fried chicken ever! Life has not been the same since. I came back to the East Coast and actually just gave up on fried chicken, I didn't think anywhere down here could compare to the South. All that changed when I discovered Love & Honey Fried Chicken. 

Every person I've spoken to who lives around Northern Liberty or Fish Town have  religiously sworn this place to be the best in town. They were all wrong, this is the best in the entire East Coast!! The restaurant is modestly located in the corner, one will miss it if they were not specially looking. 

I came in and instantly realized that the chicken were expensive! $9 for 3 pieces and $18 for 6! My doubts were dispersed immediately after I ordered and my cashier told me it would take 15 to 20 minutes. It was then that I realized the chicken were being made to order, fresh every time. I also got their apple coleslaw for a side. 

We eagerly waited and when the chicken came out, they smelled heavenly. On top of that, the pieces were huge! The skin was perfectly seasoned and fried to a crisp, they finish the chicken with drizzles of honey that caramelized the crust into sweet and salty cracklings! The inside were juicy, they were the juiciest chicken I've tasted to date! The chicken came with cornbread, which were terrific with their sweet butter. The coleslaw were crisp and sweet, it was the perfect side for the chicken.

We added an order of mac and cheese half way through our meal. The mac and cheese were really good, they were a bit cold however. More like lukewarm, I was expecting fresh out the oven hot but in either case, they had deep flavors. 

I thought my meal was already perfect until I got their limited chocolate, peanut butter pie with whipped cream and chocolate bar topping. This slice of pie was the best fricking piece of sweet pie I've ever eaten! The chocolate was decadent and the crust had the right amount of salt to balance sweetness. The peanut butter was subtle and not overpowering. Their whipped cream was light and refreshing. For once, you can actually taste all the ingredients in a pie instead of just sugar. 

The staff were super friendly and inviting. They love the food here just as much as the customers do. I joked with them that I should just move into the basement to be closer to the store. Writing this review now I actually don't think that's such a bad idea, the chickens really were that good!
My husband ordered delivery since we are in covid-19 lock down. And WOW!! Love & Honey was the best part of our day!! This is probably the best fried chicken we've ever had in Philly. I have traveled to Nashville so many times, and even though Love & Honey does an amazing job, it's just not the same as Nashville, BUT it's the best Philly has! I would recommend they add levels of hot.. instead of one size fits all hot seasoning.. cause even though the flavor was amazing to me, I could have turned up the heat a notch! 

The Nashville hot sandwich was such high quality chicken you can tell how fresh it was. Melts in your mouth. The pickles and slaw were also perfect toppings. The tenders were great quality too, some of the best tenders we've ever had! But the hot tenders were sold out, so we got the plain. Still good. And the Nashville hot TOTS were amazing!! 

We'll be ordering from Love & Honey again really soon, I just know it!! Bravo to the people working here.. what a fantastic place!!
I'm not sure what I can say that can describe how good this chicken is. The batter is flavorful. The chicken is moist and the size is generous. 
The cornbread is more like corncake as it is sweet and not crumbly at all. Go go go. You won't regret it.
I've ranted and raved to anyone that's crossed my path about how good LHFC is and even still I don't think that does them justice. Big Al recently discussed them on episode 2 of the Just Grubbin Podcast and I also talked about them in my Philly Bite article, here's the excerpt about Love & Honey from my article, 'My Road to Becoming a Philadelphia Foodie':

"Love & Honey Fried Chicken - One of the best/worst things about getting into the whole foodie scene is managing the social media accounts. It's the best because I get introduced to all sorts of new foods and restaurants, it's terrible because when you're hungry your whole social media timeline is filled with all sorts of new foods and restaurants. Oh the irony, but one of the great things I discovered on Instagram was Love & Honey Fried Chicken in Northern Liberties. After reading a couple of great reviews I called up my boy Big Al and off we went to try some chicken. The first thing we noticed was the line, people were packed into the restaurant on a Friday night waiting patiently for their meals.

The second thing we noticed was the smell, it was a heavenly aroma permeating around the whole block. The last thing we noticed was that the owners, Todd and Laura Lyons were preparing and cooking the chicken with their staff and not just delegating. Right then and there, we knew the food was going to be lit. Boy oh boy were our assumptions proved correct. After introducing ourselves to Todd and Laura (the coolest most down to earth people you'll ever meet) we grabbed our food and took it outside.

What happened after that was nothing short of barbarity, the big fella and I decided to dip into our bag and try a piece of chicken each right in the parking lot. This "sampling" turned into us devouring basically every part of our meal and repeating over and over again to ourselves "DAMN this is some good chicken....... I just can't get over how good this is". It was so good that Big Al couldn't contain his joy and went immediately back inside to rain adulation upon the new culinary power couple. All jokes aside this is one of the best things that I've tried this summer, so I highly recommend you giving them a shot if you're a fried chicken lover like myself. They even got the Quest Love stamp of approval when he was in town for the Roots Picnic.

There's not exaggeration in there at all..... we literally couldn't wait until we got back to the car and began smashing that chicken right there on some abandoned building's steps like absolute heathens. Our mothers' would have been ashamed of us but then my mom actually tried the chicken recently and said we made the right decision, it's simply that phenomenal.

Big Al summed it up best on the podcast... we definitely walked in there with some predetermined prejudices because let's face it, we've tried a lot of fried chicken in our day and usually the stuff that makes your knee's weak is made by someone that resembles Big Mama from the movie Soul Food. Well Todd and Laura definitely shut that one down for us, because we both walked away from there confused and befuddled... all of a sudden we had to rethink everything we ever knew. Maybe the earth is flat, did we really land on the moon, are there really that many flavors in Dr. Pepper?? The only thing that we knew for certain is that LHFC sky rocketed up our top 10 chicken charts. Leer is one of our more particular bloggers when it comes to his food and I believe his quote on the last show was "Oh man that's some good fuckin' chicken.""

On our latest trip to Philly to scratch our Love & Honey chicken itch I made sure to grab some of their mac and cheese that I kept hearing so much about. Their creamy mac and cheese is made with a white cheddar and comes with toasted breadcrumbs, it's fantastic and will be a part of my order from now on. While we were there Al and I got to chatting with culinary power couple they revealed to us some new menu items that they rolled out recently. A couple items aren't revealed yet but just know that it made me and Al very very excited when they shared the news and we look forward to being one of the first few grubbers to them a taste.  One of the new items that we can tell ya'll about is their October pie of the month, that has sold out immediately every day since they dropped it. It's a chocolate and peanut butter cream pie with a pretzel crust topped with fresh whipped cream and peanut pretzel bark.

I stated above in the Philly Bite article, their one of the best places I've tried this summer and their spectacular customer service and always friendly demeanor are just a bonus. If you're a fried chicken fan or just a fan of good food in general do yourself a favor and give them a shot for lunch or dinner, it'll be one of the best decisions you've made.
My second time here. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. You can see your food being made which is cool. A wait of 10-20min after order is taken because Chicken is made to order which is a real treat! Given to you Hot & fresh. I've only had the potato salad, sweet potato pie, & macaroni salad (which is my Favorite). Unfortunately the macaroni salad was unavailable today which was a bummer. Inside is small and gets filled quickly but a few seats is available. The owners are very friendly. You see them actually working and cooking with their staff which I absolutely love!! They even ask how your meal was when your finished. I will always come back here because the food is good & it's a family owned business. 

Free street parking
They never, EVER disappoint. Our go to spot on the way through Philly. My only gripe is they aren't open Mon and tues. But, good chicken comes to those who wait. Baller and Shot caller (Owners) are absolutely amazing and welcoming. And did I mention that peanut pie (Elvis) is to die for?
As a big fan of fried chicken I'm always excited to try a new place that specializes in it. I ordered Love & Honey fried chicken for delivery. It arrived promptly. I order a thigh & a drumstick. For sides I ordered the potato salad and a cornbread muffin with honey butter. The chicken was friend to a  perfect golden brown, so my mouth was watering before I even bit into it. But then I had a big piece of fat in my first bite of my drumstick! That was disappointing! The rest of the drumstick, along with the thigh, was perfectly cooked and well seasoned. But the skin didn't have that really good crunch I prefer. Good fried chicken but not up there with the best. 

As a general rule I only get potato salad at a soul food restaurant. But from the picture online I could see this potato salad had a yellow tint instead of being white, so I gave it a try. It was a fine dish of potato salad, but not up to par with the top soul food restaurants.

My corn muffin was a bit misshaped. I was annoyed they gave me that one, because if I was in the restaurant they never would have done so. They sent it to me thinking I can't complain, but a picture is going to end up in this Yelp review. Presentation matters! It was an OK corn muffin that was slightly elevated by the tasty honey butter it came with.

I had a nice meal from Love & Honey, but it did not live up to my initial excitement. Nothing was memorable enough to make this a go to spot for a fried chicken meal.
Let me go ahead and step out on this short limb, and say, THIS IS THE CITY'S BEST FRIED CHICKEN (for now). Not sure how it just keeps getting better but it does. Had the wings today, and my oh my were they stellar. Crispy, flavorful, and juicy. The buttermilk ranch and the honey hot sauce that come with it are amazing. Perfect compliments. And I hate ranch but something about this ranch just changed that. 

They were swamped today because it's some made up holiday (National Fried Chicken Day) so the people were placing orders online and coming in. Now I don't need a special "holiday" to ever eat fried chicken but today I had to get the wings. 

I had the deviled eggs and they were good. Different but good.

I went for the sweet potato pie but it was cooling and unavailable. My heart cried a little but it just gave me another reason to go back.
Ok this place is really f*cking good. 5 stars for the amazing customer service. This place deserves over 5 stars for the quality of the food. Hands down the best fried chicken I've ever had. The juiciest white meat I've ever had for sure. The chicken was perfectly seasoned and fried. The corn bread was also really good as well as the butter it comes with. Just amazing overall. Will be back!
Incredible from top to bottom. I have NEVER tasted chicken more fresh, juicy and tasty then their chicken. The potato salad was enough to share and incredibly tasty. The deserts are also tasty and home made. If you don't feel hungry after your meal, take it to go, you won't be disappointed.
Got takeout since their indoor dining was not open. Their pickup time is accurate so don't try to go earlier. They will text you when your order is ready. Limited parking since it's around a residential area. 
My buttermilk chicken sandwich was very juicy and crunchy. The piece of chicken in the sandwich is meaty. I asked to have my coleslaw on the side and they gave me a decent amount of slaw. Unlike most places that only give two slices of pickles in sandwiches, Love & Honey loads the sandwich with pickles! 
The fried chicken was crunchy, juicy, and the batter was well seasoned. If you like fried chicken, you definitely have to try Love & Honey.
I so agree with Whitney R.
People just don't know what good food is....
There is no way Love and Honey deserves 4 or 5 stars.  The Chicken is average at best, the deviled eggs that people rave about and the potato salad are totally tasteless.
This is really great fried chicken!  

They really do have the cook time on the chicken perfect.   This is super crunchy chicken, not just crisp.  These wings I got were awesome hot and just as awesome cold.  These are the wings you'd bring to a picnic in the summer, a pickup game at the park, a Super Bowl party, etc,...  you get the picture right?  The flavor of the wings isn't overly salty, the meat is tender with just enough meat.  The exterior has a hint of honey that is perfect.  

The neighborhood isn't great, not sure how anyone would get here without a car.  There aren't any tables inside, just an "L" countertop and some stools.  Given that the chicken is cooked to order, which is great, but also means you have to wait for your order, ordering before arriving is probably the best bet.

I wasn't expecting to be wowed by the chicken but this is one of the best fried chicken joints I've been to ever.  I'll be back to try their other offerings soon.
Hot. Crispy. Juicy. Flavorful. These are the four words that describe a great piece of fried chicken.  Listen I come from a lineage of great fried chicken makers and eaters. This was good. The breading was extra crunchy and very flavorful. The seasoning is a smidge different, there are quite a bit of herbs and spices but it wasn't overpowering but definitely different from your standard fried chicken. I am really sensitive to salt and this chicken was salted perfectly, honestly because the chicken is well seasoned the salt was there but not overpowering which is easy to do with fried chicken. They must brine their chicken prior to batter and frying it because the breast was ridiculously moist. The breast was huge and that usually that means the breast is going to be dry, the breast was so juicy and delicious. There seems to be a debate on here about whether they should have whole or split  chicken breast. The breast was huge and I wouldn't have minded if it was split but it didn't take from greatness of the chicken. Maybe they can have option of whole or split breasts for customers. Personally, it's not a huge deal for me but I can see why it might be for some. I think the chicken had honey drizzled on it, I could have used a smidge more, next time I will ask. 

The cornbread was good. 

Parking was fine, I went at a good time and parked right in front. The store is beautiful, bright, and well laid out. From the time I opened the door I was greeted. When I got to the counter I was greeted. The baker was baking and she spoke to me when she heard me contemplating dessert. The lady putting the order together had a convo with me, (may have been one of the owners). Saying all that to say service was super friendly. I went when it wasn't crowded which enhanced my experience.

$9.25 for three pieces of chicken is standard for this kind of chicken. Come on ppl if you want a meal for this price go to one of the fast food chicken places. You have to understand this is a different quality level, a independent business, so complaining about the price makes no sense. Now if it was $12-15 we might have a problem, lol. 

The chicken got three stars, it's very good but I'm super critical when it comes to fried chicken.  It's definitely worth a trip to taste it. 

The extra star comes because of the service and (insert slow clap and a pointed index finger) the SWEET POTATO PIE! OMG, I just took a bite and went to sweet potato heaven. I'm also a expert in sweet potato pie eating, been doing it since birth, and this is probably thee best (please don't tell my family) sweet potato pie I've had. 

Finally, I have a idea for a chicken sandwich. Cornbread toasted with honey butter, boneless fried chicken breast, drizzled with honey and hot sauce. You can call it The Gigi. It's sure to be a top seller.
I'll preface this by saying I'm from the South. I've only been in Philly 5 years. I've been impatiently waiting for this place to open and finally got to try it last night. Everything was on point. The fried chicken of course was fabulous but it was the cornbread (which came free with the chicken) that really blew my mind. Add the honey butter and it was simply unmatched by any I've had before. The pie was also excellent... crust was still crispy and chocolate filling wasn't overly sweet. Perfection! Needless to say, I'll be a regular customer. Thanks to the owners for taking such good care of our large group. Great job!
Headed over to Love & Honey for a late lunch/early dinner and was blown away by how good it was. We ordered a 3 piece, corn bread with honey butter, mac'n cheese, the collard greens and the banana pudding.

Rundown on the food:

The chicken: Most fried chicken is all about the crust. Then after that it's dried out meat and overwhelming sadness. That is NOT the case at Love & Honey. The chicken looks great as we opened the box and it smelled great. The first bite had a great crunch to it, great savory flavor followed by a hint of sweetness from the the honey drizzle. But once I tasted the chicken itself I was blown away by the moist nature of the meat and the outstanding flavor. I could actually remove the skin and just eat the meat and be satisfied...but I'm not an animal. 

The sides: The mac'n cheese was great. Rich and creamy. The collard greens were the star of the two though. They were perfectly cooked and had a great smokey flavor to them...with chunks of smoked turkey. God, they were good!

The corn bread with honey butter: Pure heaven. The cornbread is so moist and flavorful it almost doesn't need the honey butter...but again, I'm not an animal and slathered it all over the corn bread and put it in my dumb mouth.

The banana pudding: So I brought this home and had it later. Good christ is it good. Just so yummy...a cup of creamy goodness.

A beautifully decorated spot with some truly awesome touches makes it stand out in the neighborhood. Everyone has to check out the bathroom which has an awesome mural of Rocky and Mick. Just check it out and don't make it weird. It doesn't have to be weird. 

The service was friendly and courteous. The team at L&H seem to really care about the customer and for me that goes a long way. I really got the feeling here that the customer comes first, something that seems to be a dying practice among some Fishtown business's. 

Anyway I'm definitely going back for more...my cardiologist and his family thank you Love & Honey.
I've been waiting for this place to open since last summer - a place that sells my two of my favorite food groups, fried chicken and pies. After months of waiting, i checked instagram on a whim and voila! When I heard that the grand opening was Friday, I took a cripple and made our way to Front Street. The place was packed at 5:30 PM, only raising our hopes. When we walked in, we were invited by a very quaint, yet modern interior with seating for a handful via the "L" corner table. 

We glanced at the menu and we were pleasantly surprised by the cost, 19$ for 6 pieces of chicken 1 piece of cornbread? But everything is made from scratch and blah blah, so we were willing to deal with the cost. We moved to the pie section of the menu and saw that each slice of pie was $5. A slice of pie. $5. Again, opening day, new experiences, and high expectations made us reason that this was also acceptable..but in reality this was not true.

We ordered the 6 piece and a chocolate pie to share...and sadly we were disappointed. The breading from the chicken broke off immediately and we were greeted by bland chicken meat. We reasoned, maybe we were too used to the high salt of the average American diet, but nay. Every bite we took, we were disappointed because the flavors were there, but it just seemed 5% short on something. We could barely taste the honey in the breading, but thought of it more as a gimmick. We tasted more cooking oil in the breading than the honey or any spices to be completely honest. But it was their grand opening, so we are aware of the stress and things can go more wrong than right.

The cornbread was fantastic; if they had a restaurant that sold just the cornbread I would be all over it. But, I think it's a cardinal sin that the 3 piece and the six piece each only get 1 piece of cornbread. Double the chicken should equal double the cornbread. 

And now, the pies. First of all, there is no apple pie, the classic staple of America. Second, the chocolate pie we ordered didn't have enough chocolate taste. Each bite was like being given a hint of a chocolate, with a suggestion that there might be more chocolate if we dug deeper, but we were only given disappointments. 

Maybe this is why you don't meet your heroes. Maybe this is why you don't go to a restaurant on their grand opening. Maybe we're just picky and tired of the mediocrity that is the Philly food scene which is a lot of hype and lack of follow-through. We probably set our expectations too high, but we experienced a chicken that was too bland and fried a little too long, and a pie that felt like we were eating a chocolate substitute. 

If I could give them a 2.5/5, I would. It's not a 2 but not quite a 3, but it was the grand opening so a 3 is more appropriate considering the circumstances, but we probably won't be back.
I'm just a southern boy looking for Love....& Honey. What a treat in Philly - perfectly fried chicken that is juicy, tender, flavorful, and made to order with homestyle sides and pies! Laura and Todd are awesome and truly put love and attention to everything they do - their food, their service, and their commitment to quality.  
Each piece of chicken is fried to perfection and the temperature checked by hand to ensure perfectly tender and juicy chicken.  The skin is nice and crispy and not too greasy and the breading has the perfect amount of seasoning to augment and bring out the flavor of the chicken without overwhelming it.  The Mac&Cheese is crafted by hand by Todd and if it wasn't for this darn lactose intolerance, I would've been all over it because it looked amazing!  The collards were braised perfectly and were tender and flavorful without being too sour or bitter.  
While people may complain about the price or the wait, if you get the chance to see the love and care that's put into everything they do, you'll understand...and be back for more!

And yes, they do have honey for your chicken and cornbread!

Enjoy!
Wow.  Just wow.  I am so lucky to have this fine establishment just a short walk from my home.  First of all, the owners are truly nice and welcoming people.  One owner was frying chicken and the other was making the corn bread muffins while we were there.  Truly a mom and pop shop (although, in all fairness, I have no idea if they are actually a mom and pop).  

The chicken is incredible.  Perfectly crispy and completely juicy (even the breast!).  This is not your over-salted fried chicken; it's properly seasoned with who knows what and makes my mouth water as I write this review.  The chicken is also cooked to order, so it will take longer to get your food than the Cajun wannabe and the Colonel, but not particularly long.  And oh my is it worth it.  

At the limited seating, there is hot sauce available that goes great with the chicken as well.  Next time I go, I'll have to try more of the sides (just had home brined pickles and corn bread) and the beautiful looking pies.  

Please, go here.  You can thank me later.
Finally got around to trying Love & Honey and it was worth it! I got the chicken tenders and they were so crunchy and juicy, well-seasoned and so hot and fresh. It's a little bit of a wait since they do make everything fresh on the spot but it isn't inconvenient. The inside seating area is small, so if you can't snag a spot you can always take them to go. The honey drizzled on top adds the perfect, subtle amount of sweetness, and they offer a few different dipping sauces. The sandwich also looked delicious. Definitely going to try that next!
People aren't lying when they say Love & Honey is the best fried chicken in Philly. Got take out from here during covid and everything was seamless. We ordered a little of everything - wings, tenders, chicken by the piece, and cornbread. Can't go wrong with any of the sauces... my personal favorites are the honey mustard and honey hot sauce (though I really want to try the spicy ranch next time). The honey butter that comes with the cornbread is ELITE. You'll want to put it on everything.

A couple tips: there can be a bit of a wait, so make sure to schedule an order ahead of time. You can now order pickup directly through their website - this typically gives businesses a better profit margin than third-party sites, so if you're planning to pick-up, definitely make sure to order directly from them. Delivery can be ordered, but only through third-party as of now!
I wanted to love Love&Honey because I love fried chicken.  But I was a little underwhelmed.  The store is super clean, maybe 10 bar seats around the windows, and the service is great.  We ordered the three-piece basket, which comes with cornbread and honey butter for a little over $9.  Value-wise it's the same as Federal Donuts (the only difference is there, you get a honey donut).  But I personally didn't like the taste of the seasoning in the breading.  It had this very strong taste of celery salt that kind of dominated my palate.  I think my chicken might have also been slightly overfried - the breading was a little dark and had a hint of burnt in it.  Maybe that contributed to the celery taste.  The cornbread was really good but not warm.  

Given that Federal Donuts has different seasoning/flavor options, I'd probably go there instead for my fried chicken fix.
*HIGHLY RECOMMEND*
*4.5/5*

If you are craving fried chicken of any form, tenders, wings, or drumsticks, this is definitely THE place to go. They have literally the best drum sticks I've ever had in my life. During this pandemic, you have to place an order online in advance and it will take at least 30 minutes for pick up. Those 30 minutes are worth the wait because you'll get the most tender, juice dripping pieces of meat fresh out of the fryer. They are known for the honey drizzle on their chicken that gives it a nice sweet and salty kick. Also the wings and drumsticks are huge. This is a solid place for fried chicken and great for its price. 

- Drumsticks - MUST GET! There is a reason they sell this by the drum, it is THAT GOOD. You can hear the crunch of the well seasoned skin when you bite into it, followed by the steam as you munch further into the tender meat.  Be prepare for all the juice and oil that will be oozing out, that's a great indication of good fried chicken. I'm normally a wing's gal but these drumsticks beat out the wings.

- Jumbo Wings - they were massive, worthy of its name. I didn't know how to start attacking it but just went for it and you should too. They  were on par with the drumsticks in terms of flavor and tenderness. 

- Tenders - good if you want to enjoy fried chicken mess free, however, they were not as juicy as the drumsticks or wings. Certain edges were a bit too crispy/dry but for the meatier parts were good. 

- Tater Tots - pretty standard tater tots, can't go wrong with this

- Corn bread - one of the best corn bread I've. Soft and not too dense or too sweet.

*VERDICT*
Yes, I would definitely go back again, especially for the drumsticks! Would love to try their chicken sandwich next.
So I've heard some pretty good things about Love & Honey, but did not expected the deliciousness that I experienced. My husband ordered the 3 pc chicken meal and the macaroni salad and I had the "OG" fried chicken sandwich. To be honest I had higher hopes for the sandwich but the spicy ranch slaw on top of the chicken kinda ruined it for me since it made the fried chicken soggy. I did get to have a few bites of my husband's chicken and got to appreciate the fried chicken on it's own. The skin was so crispy, it was slightly sweet and salty with the meat being extra juicy. It was so amazingly good that I regretted not ordering this for myself. Needless  to say we already made plans to come back again next week.
Love & Honey Fried Chicken
 &  

The BISCUIT JAWN

It's there house made biscuit with a choice of OG or Nashville Hot Fried Chicken Breast, Pimento Cheese, and Hot Pepper Jelly.


We got it last Sunday with the Nashville Hot Fried Chicken and it is was out of this 

Best sweet & savory fried chicken sandwich I've ever had with the perfect amount of crisp and heat!

They only have these available for a certain amount of time and only have so many they can sell.  There were 40 available initially when we went.  So if they have it you better jump on it because folks out here in these streets ain't playing and neither is Love & Honey 

FYI 

The Biscuit Jawn (when available) is only available via pickup.
I am a girl that grew-up on Chicago's south side. The daughter of 2 parents from the South. I am not ashamed to say that this was the Best fried chicken I have ever ate in the US. This has to be the best Fried chicken restaurants in Philadelphia.  It's not greasy or salty, but it's crispy and always hot and fresh. It's served with a lite drizzle of honey. I usually don't like honey on chicken, But this honey complements the food without overwhelming the chicken. The side dishes were equally amazing. The macaroni salad was rich and creamy and did NOT have that chemical like aftertaste that the commercial brands sometimes do. The coleslaw is life-changing: it has mayonnaise and fresh dill. The cornbread muffins should be sold by the dozen they are that good. As The Terminator use to say "I'll be back"
This is my first ever Yelp review... Which I think speaks volumes about this place. The owners and staff were warm and welcoming when we walked in, and the restaurant itself looks great. We got a 6 piece chicken w/cornbread, shells and cheese, and chipotle honey slaw. The chicken is perfectly crunchy and flavorful on the outside and juicy on the inside. The sides were delicious, and the cornbread with honey butter is a dessert itself! Haven't even tried the pie, too full from the amazing chicken. Dangerous that this place is literally steps from our front door!
My wife and I were going to the Fillmore theater for the first time last night. We weren't sure what to eat nearby and she suggested we try this place. We were both craving Nashville hot chicken. With a hot chicken sandwich on the menu we decided to give it a go. 

Small place. Not a lot of seating so not great for groups. The menu is also small giving a few different parts of a fried chicken. Quarter dark, OG sandwich, hot sandwich, etc. staff was friendly and accommodating. Helped us decide what to get.

The hot sandwich was not very hot. Usually Nashville chicken makes me sweat. This was very mild. Still delicious, but mild. The ranch Cole slaw was a unique and fun touch as were the sweet pickles. Really solid chicken sandwich.

The quarter chicken was also good. It came out so hot though that I had to stare at it for 5 good minutes before I could eat it. Great crunch on the chicken, great flavor and the touch of honey was A+. Some of their home made hot sauce and I was in chicken heaven. 

Can't wait to go back!
Best fried chicken! Cute box meal of 3 pc and cornbread. Perfect to bring over to liberty lands/the piazza/ or Garage North!
For anyone who doesn't know, as of today, they don't serve thighs, legs, or breasts. A little bird told me they might bring them back soon if you order in advance. They only have sandwiches, wings, and tenders for now.

The Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich is great. It was pretty big. The roll was soft, too. The only "issue" was that pickles and coleslaw are slippery, so they fell out, but that's not their fault. The chicken fingers are really good, too. You can choose from a few different dips.

The cornbread muffins are the best. Oh my god, the honey butter, I could eat a pint of that stuff. It's sweet and pairs well with the hot chicken sandwich or chicken fingers with hot sauce. I usually eat too much chicken when I come here so there's no room for the pies, but I hope to try them soon.
This place is to die for. There were three of us so we ordered the 6 piece which came with two thighs, two drumsticks, two breasts and two corn bread with honey butter on the side. (Price $12 without tax)
I don't even know where to begin with this place. 
The taste of the chicken is unlike any traditional fried chicken chains. 
The seasoned chicken is evenly coated with the buttermilk batter. The way the chicken crunches when I took the first bite was like music to my ears.
The worker drizzled the chicken with honey on the top of the hot chicken that perfectly balanced out the salty skin (some sort of old bay seasoning).
And for the corn bread... everyone loves the corner pieces of their cornbread and love & honey perfectly bakes individual corn bread pieces that meets that need. The honey butter that comes on the side was delectable, for someone who's not ambit butter person, I found myself reaching for the butter for every bite. 
9.8/10
This chicken looked better than it tasted.

While service was decent, the food didn't really live up to the expectations I had. As a foodie, I came from out of town and I was looking for a yummy place to spend my coins. I got a 6 piece meal, potato salad, and sweet potato pie. 

The chicken wasn't bad, but it wasn't flavorful. Nice crunch but no flavor, I've had better chicken from Royal Farms. I did enjoy the cornbread though. The potato salad was nothing to write about, but the sweet potato pie was well-worth the money. 

Overall, I spent $30 here and honestly regretted it. Probably would only go back for the cornbread.
I went here yesterday for the second time and didn't think it could get any better. The first time I went with the 3 piece meal and tore those pieces apart - much like the raptors in Jurassic Park demolished the poor little cow...sans sound effects...and this was poor delicious little chicken parts.  The second time I decided to try the Nashville Hot sandwich and holy "S," I was pretty sad when it was over. I couldn't pinpoint what they use in their seasoning, but it's fantastic. It's definitely hot (get some water), but not so much as to over power the taste of the chicken or it's awesome crunchy fried goodness. It comes with a ranch sauce, pickles and homemade coleslaw (which I skipped on since I'm weird about mayo, I know), but it was great without it too!

I ended up getting a 6 piece to bring home and share (well sort of), and it traveled incredibly well back to good old Delco, and hardly needed to be reheated. I meant to take a photo, but well, you know what happened. To be honest, I don't know how everyone working there isn't 500 lbs, because I would be slamming fried chicken down as if that's what I was actually being paid for.

You'll wait about 15 minutes give or take after ordering, but everything is made fresh and completely worth it.  The owners/staff are always friendly and truly want you to enjoy your meal. Get there well before close because they do sell out most days from what I've noticed.

I'm in no way southern, have only been there a few times and have no grandmother, aunt or mother who make anything remotely similar - unless you count chicken cutlets as fried chicken...but go there anyway and show this awesome business some love!
Omg! This place in amazing! The chicken is cooked perfectly, and the rolls that were give with it... I NEED them in my life.
The chicken was great!  The slaw and cornbread flavorless and disgusting. 

Go for the chicken the rest is Not worth the money
I wanted to love this place! With all of the solid reviews I thought it was a lock. Unfortunately, my experience today was mediocre at best. First impression the restaurant is very nice, clean and beautifully set up. There is a small area for dine in but very limited. This is more a take out joint.

I arrived around 11:15 and they open at 11:00. I ordered the "OG" chicken sandwich, cornbread and iced tea all to go. Unfortunately, I never received the cornbread. They lost a star for that. The sandwich was good but could have been much better. The chicken was fresh, hot and delicious. Seasoned well and cooked perfectly. The slaw that accompanied was crunchy and dressed just right with some tang. My pickles were also very good, I enjoyed the thicker slices and they weren't skimpy with them. The roll was the biggest let down, it wasn't fresh at all. As soon as I picked up the sandwich and one bite, it was falling apart and splitting in the middle. At first i just thought it was the slaw and maybe the roll was soggy, nope, stale roll. Huge disappointment! This could have been a great chicken sandwich but it wasn't. 

I probably wouldn't return. I made the drive down today from Bensalem. I paid $16.00 for a sandwich and a tea. Again, I never received the side I ordered.  You may ask why I didn't go back? By that time I was already on i95. 3 stars
I am a true Southern girl from Tallahassee FL and this place was like eating at my grandma's house. Never have i tasted her creamy version elsewhere. There is nothing worse than potato salad that the cubes of potato are hard and not soft. It had the perfect amount of finely diced sweet pickles. No one ever does that but my grandma from Marianna Fl. For $4 it was more than enough for two people. So filling and decadent-I know it was rich and yum!!

Coconut cream pie----shut the front door -just like my grandma's too!! The filling was obviously done Old school and cooked on the stove. Very coconut in flavor! Again how did they get her recipe??? I am floored. 

The fried chicken 3 piece was split between my husband and I. The breast is 6 Oz of the juiciest chicken of your life. Not any residual oil taste left on your tongue nor greasy skin. To die for. 



We observed locals coming in and out plus the owners knew them by name-always a great sign!
I ordered pick up for 2 sandwiches, 3 tenders, 2 tots, potato salad, 2 cornbread and 2 drumsticks.
You have to order online for pick up.
The pick up time was pretty accurate (5 minutes late).
The 2 sandwich's were both good, I prefer the spicy one.
Potato salad was good but I think I ordered too much. Not so bad tho since I can just eat it for the week.
The drumsticks were the best I've ever had, although I'm not particularly fond of drumsticks.
Tenders were just tenders. Still good.
It came with this cute little bottle of hot sauce which was pretty flavorful. 
Cornbread is just cornbread. Still good haha.
If you're around the area and can order like an hour ahead I would recommend. 
That being said it's nothing completely game changing, but it's some darn good chicken.

Ps. They are very generous with the tots so don't over order no matter how much you love them.
This only speaks to their pick up experience during the pandemic, but they are handling it very well! We ordered online, and the pickup time was accurate. The staff were wearing masks, and we easily picked up our food through the window.

I personally only tried the tenders and Nashville Style tots, but my boyfriend had the drumsticks. The prices were reasonable for the amount we got, and the chicken was delicious! I was hesitant to try chicken tenders with honey drizzle, but the tenders weren't wet with honey and the honey flavor was subtle - not overwhelming. I enjoyed them, and the Nashville Style tots were good. They were a bit spicy, so I wouldn't recommend this to anyone who doesn't like hot things. The heat really added up after a few tots! 

Overall, great place for fried chicken. Would definitely go back again, and I recommend placing an order online to pickup as it's generally a 30 minute wait.
The reviews speak for itself! We absolutely loved every moment of this meal. WORTH THE WAIT & you can taste the freshness. We tried the OG chicken sandwich -the slaw and pickles were a perfect combo on top of the filet. We also tried the tenders (honey drizzle) and hot honey sauce which melted in my mouth. The toter tots and cornbread are a MUST with any order.
Soooooo, uhhhh, being a person of color, I feel that it's in my DNA to be a lover of fried chicken. Plus, being from the south I have an added layer of expertise in the idea of fried chicken. It's more than than some flour and some oil. It's possible to mess up fried chicken. All that being sad, these folks do a "perty" good job with this chicken. Like, it's really good. Like, you ever heard of "something so good, make you wanna slap ya mama", you may not slap her, but it's good enough to make you "think" about swinging or least tripping up your aunt or something. In short, it's good chicken. The staff is very warm which makes this a really outstanding experience. If only they had some brewed sweet tea, it would almost be too good to be true. It's a small intimate spot which can lead to crowding, but also the good food causes the crowds as well. It's better than Popeyes!!! That's saying a lot
First time trying, it's been on my list for a long time. Ordered the 3pc with a side of the potato salad and the January pie. The chicken skin was crispy and crunchy with great seasoning, chicken was juicy and cooked throughout, corn muffin hit the spot and the butter was a nice added touch. Potato salad was good and portion size was nice. Got the pie to go, banana, peanut butter with cream and topped with bacon. Pie was so so, not my favorite but I would be willing to give other slices a go. Overall a great experience and I would definitely go back!
Well worth the wait! And the trip! Randomly saw them as we were walking to another destination. Slaw was bomb og sandwich  tenders  homemade ranch smh . Just make sure you have a second person so you can illegally park to pickup....philly parking is trash, literally.
Ever had fried chicken that didn't leave you feeling  heavy or guilty afterwards?! Hard to believe, I know ... but that my yelp friends is love & honey fried chicken! Imagine chicken cooked in oil but not soaked in oil, crazy! 

Ordered L&HFC on a Sunday through door dash. I actually don't think they are offering dine in services any longer due to staffing issues and their new service offering at Lincoln financial field - home of the Eagles! Received a 90 minute wait time via door dash and assumed it was a glitch, but the quoted delivery window proved true. However the food was worth the wait. Between my husband and I we ordered the Nashville hot chicken sandwich, chicken tenders, spicy ranch slaw, pimento cheese dip served with kettle chips, and an order of the following 2oz sauces: buttermilk ranch, spicy buttermilk ranch, mc'loven sauce and honey butter. The chicken sandwich and tenders remained fresh and crispy throughout the delivery. Fave sauce was the spicy buttermilk ranch. 
Not a huge of their pimento cheese dip. Pre Philly, I spent 6 years in ATL and that's just one thing they did right. This one was a bit Mayo forward, but to each is own. I'll be placing my order ahead next time, but this is the first of many orders I'll be placing from L&HFC.
I wanted to love this place so bad. My friends and I were very excited to try this place out based on all of the hype it was getting, but I was disappointed. I'm giving three stars because the sides were great, as well as the customer service, but the chicken itself deserves two stars. 

Pros:
Cornbread with honey butter - not too sweet, moist, perfectly delicious cornbread
Mac and cheese - creamy, cheesy shells topped with crispy breadcrumbs. 

Ultimate con: The chicken

I ordered the three piece meal, and I dislike white meat in general, but I couldn't swap out for all dark meat. That's fine. However, when I got my chicken, I noticed that the skin was super dark. The meat itself was tender and juicy; however, the chicken overall was oily and most DEFINITELY fried in old oil. The skin had a burnt, bitter aftertaste. I let the manager know, and I regrettably ordered some chicken to go to bring home to my family, thinking that the new batch would improve. However, it was worse than the three piece meal that I barely ate at the location. 

Any successful fried chicken restaurant needs to change their oil out frequently. Period. I grew up in the restaurant business, and yes, I realize it is a process, but this literally left a bad taste in my mouth.
I had a tough decision today: fried chicken or tacos?

As you can see, the chicken won.

I placed a pick up order online after reading the reviews for this spot and was pleasantly surprised. 

I was a little scared bc online they have lots of rules but I'm guessing it's because this place is a tightly run ship ! 

I got the OG sandwich, regular tots and a side of ranch. They gave me a wait time for 40 mins but my order was done after 30. I waited close by just to ensure I didn't miss my pick up window. 

The chicken was juicy, moist, HUGE. not like chic fi la where you can finish the sandwich after 3 bites... oh no no no. There were moments with this one where I had to put the sandwich down to take a break.

The tots were a nice side dish. The brown paper bag they were in was covered in oil and I thought they'd be soggy but nope ! They were light and crunchy and the homemade ranchhhhhh???? *chefs kiss*

I'm telling everyone about this place. Can't wait to try the wings .
I've been wanting to try this place for a while and decided today I would transition from my Thanksgiving dinner to some fried chicken! This place did not let me down. Love is the right word to describe this food! They even packed it with care. The food was very neatly packed with a receipt attached to the bag that was marked off as if they were sure to double check your order when packing! 
The chicken was juicy, crispy and seasoned to perfection the chips and pimento cheese dip was amazing with just the right amount of spice! Tatar tots were ok, the potato salad was pretty good but a bit on the sweet side and the cornbread muffin taste just like a regular corn muffin nothing special but went well with the meal! 
I ordered online and my food was done at the pick up time provided when I completed my order. My order total was $50.30 and it was worth every penny!
This is probably some of the best fried chicken you'll get in the city. 
The chicken is flavored well. Super crispy on the outside but tender in the inside. 
We got the spicy chicken sandwich, which was loaded and a little difficult to eat, but sooo good. 
The coleslaw is great. The coconut pie at the end hit the spot. 
I would come here everyday, any day if I could.
Today, I went to Love & Honey around 2:00pm. When we got there, all but 4 of the seats were taken, but everyone was eating. I ordered the chicken tenders with buttermilk ranch. My boyfriend ordered the half chicken with potato salad, as well as a slice of the lemon cream pie. After I sat down, I found out he also ordered the OG chicken sandwich to try. While we waited for our food, everyone else cleared out. Two women were leaving and asked if we wanted their side of pickles because they didn't eat them. We gladly took them, and tried those as well. The pickles were delicious! Sweet and sour at the same time.

Our food came out after about 10 minutes, and everything smelled delicious. The chicken was drizzled with honey, which I didn't realize would happen. The taste was amazing. Also, the buttermilk rank was so good. I ended up buying a side of the honey mustard as well, which is a little more mustardy than I prefer, but it was also yummy. We tried the OG sandwich, and it had a spicy slaw, which I wasn't expecting. I preferred the chicken tenders to the sandwich, but I think that's because the chicken is so good on its own! The potato salad was also delicious. It has a pickle relish in it, and it doesn't have onions (that we could taste), which was perfect for my boyfriend who doesn't like onions. The woman taking our order let us try to potato salad before ordering it, which was very helpful! We saved the half chicken to take home and eat for dinner, but we did eat the cornbread that came with it. It was dangerously good. The honey butter that came with it wasn't too sweet, so it had a perfect balance. Finally, the lemon cream pie was very good. The graham crust was crumbly, but held the pie together. 

We can't wait to go back in the future!
Love and honey is a great place for a quick pick me up! The staff and overall service is really fantastic. It pains me to give them 3 stars. I grew up eating fried chicken, I've also had fried chicken at some surrounding restaurants in the city and nearby. 

I think if you're into having more of a real honey taste in your chicken - this is perfect. I found the chicken to be too sweet and not crunchy enough for me. The Mac and cheese was good but it was hard not to think I could have made it on my own. 

Again, this is a great place for all the right reasons in regards to service and staff. They have great packaging and I even enjoy the great lengths they go to provide great cage free chicken. 


Good place. Just not the best I've taste in fried chicken.
First time here after much anticipation. I've been following this place even before they opened when they had a go fund me. After a long wait I finally got the time to come in and see what the hype was all about and let me tell you!  They blew my expectations out of the water! It's a nice cozy joint and after ordering there's an open kitchen where you can watch them do everything from fry the chicken to make the corn bread. Today I had the wings while my gf had the Nashville hot chicken sandwich.  The wings took me back to my childhood where my mom would fry massive a month of crispy chicken deliciousness. The chicken had an amazing crunch and flavor and came with a hot sauce and spiced ranch sauce which both paired great with the chicken. You can get a pound of nice sized juicy wings for about $10. That's a great deal if ya ask me. Love this place and will absolutely be back!
I found the food very good here!  Yes, the chicken was fantastic, as was cornbread, shells and cheese and collard greens.  I also had the banana pudding, which was rich and creamy.  I also tried the sweet potato pie, which was also very good.  Both desserts had fresh whipped cream.
Everything was homemade, fresh and tasty.  I hope they can maintain this high quality of food.
I love fried chicken and I'm tired of settling for mediocre when I know my tastebuds deserve better. Love & Honey has the best fried chicken I've ever had the pleasure of consuming and is worth the "journey" from Center City. My group of 6 went in around 3:30pm on a Saturday afternoon. There's not much seating so we squeezed into what space was left at the counter seating along the window. I'm not really a breast woman, so instead of buying the three piece (breast, thigh, and leg with cornbread) I bought two legs and a thigh and cornbread. It turned out to be little pricier buying a la carte, but I know what I like and it's dark meat! The fried chicken is fried to order and it's delicious in every way you can imagine. Crispy, perfectly seasoned breading with a drizzle of honey on top. The cornbread and honey butter is also insanely delicious.  I can't wait to come back for more. 

One tiny wish: Substitutions for the the three piece breast, thigh, and leg combo for those of us who have preferences for white or dark meat.  I'd happily swap out a breast piece for another leg or thigh.
I don't know what Questlove and all these other reviewers are smoking because this place is not good. I had super high hopes, but what I got was bland, over-breaded chicken. Oddly sweet, with a strong flavor of celery seed, but no other discernible seasoning. They're frying it too hot and too fast so it's almost burned on the outside and flabby on the inside. No point taking 20 minutes frying every piece to order if your finished project isn't as good as a fast food joint. The collard greens were tough and stringy, they needed some more time on the stove. They were out of mac and cheese because they apparently don't know what every soul food restaurant does about how to make a big hotel pan full of goodness. Hint: it shouldn't be saucy. The banana pudding tasted like eggnog. I'm not even sure there was any banana in it at all. This is my worst culinary disappointment in years. Seriously, it's even worse than Wishbone.
I'm so happy to finally meet the amazing owners @loveandhoneyfriedchicken Todd & Laura Lyons. Both of them are also @theculinaryinstituteofamerica alums too!!! The BEST fried chicken I've ever tasted in Philadelphia for sure. It's tender, juicy, moist(even the breast-hands up), and the batter has so much flavor and very very crunchy texture. Trust me.... I savor each biteAs soon as I bit into the meat and hear the crunch of the chicken I was in 9 The warm cornbread with honey butter- one word SUPERB!!! Three onion dip with fresh fried chips ooohhemmmgeee sooo good This won't be the last time you will see me because I will visit often!!! i HEART @loveandhoneyfriedchicken Let's give them the warmest welcome  1100 North Front Street 5pm-9pm or until it sells out#loveandhoneyfriedchicken #TravelwithChefCherryl #CulinaryInstituteofAmerica
There are no words to describe how good this is, you have to experience it for yourself 

I've been following the Instagram drooling for weeks when I finally ordered from Caviar I got this fantastic box of deliciousness delivered to my door. 

The chicken in and of itself is perfection. Everything you want fried chicken to be with a hint of sweetness. Perfect. But as if that wasn't enough the corn muffins come with honey butter. Yes hunny, that's honey in the butter

I have to say the coleslaw was the best I've ever had. I don't like mayonnaise so this was perfect because the buttermilk also has fresh dill and it's just crispy and delicious. It's a perfect complement for the rest of the meal and I could eat it by self every day

It was a treat yo self kind a day so I ordered a slice of the pie of the month. A slice of chocolate peppermint pudding pie with chocolate cookie crust and topped with homemade peppermint bark. I'm still drooling. 

Can't wait to order again. This is legit delicious food.  Love and honey indeed.
HEAR YE! HEAR YE! BEST FRIED CHICKEN IN TOWN? I THINK SO! 
 A recommendation from a close friend led to a trip to this joint today. I was very skeptical about fried chicken in Fishtown because...well obvious reason. What does Fishtown know about fried chicken? Boy was I wrong.  

First, I enjoy the minimalist environment of this place, very straight to the point and direct.  Menu's on a chalk board ranging from a la carte or combos. a three piece includes Thighs, breast, and drums for $9.25 ( high but worth it ) unfortunately, you can't substitute different parts of the chicken but honestly who cares.  I also added a side of mac and cheese ( $5). so roughly $15 with taxes. Each combo comes with a piece of cornbread. now I must warn you, while it is just 3 pieces of chicken, the average person receives a BIG ASS PIECE of chicken breast. you'll eat probably the thigh and the drum, and be pretty full, unless you like to challenge yourself. The skin of the chicken were good AF. Now the mac and cheese was GOOD, but it's not brag-able like the chicken. I did enjoy the bread crumbs over the macaroni, it was certainly different than most i've ever had. 

last but not least, I had to try their dessert, it was tough choice between banana pudding (which the staff highly recommended) and the Sweet Potato Pie. My friend and I decides to just buy one of each and share and that was the best idea. I thoroughly enjoyed both and can see myself going back there. 

Parking was a little hard to find given that today's the 2nd street festival so there was barely any parking.
I don't know where it all went wrong, maybe it was a bad batch but this chicken is not good. There's was no flakiness, and it was poorly seasoned. All I taste is the overwhelming flavor of celery seed and white pepper. Couldn't even eat the skin...very disappointed...drove all the way from Jersey
As far as the food, it was an amazing sandwich and the spicy tots were great too, but you have to wait long for your food. If they were faster with the orders definitely a 5 star
This review is long overdue! 
I finally had the opportunity to stop by Love & Honey Fried Chicken this past weekend. I randomly came across this restaurant while on Yelp and immediately bookmarked it. 

Location: I was skeptical about getting out of the Uber upon arrival. The area is pretty dark and L&HFC happens to be the only establishment in the area. If I had not known what the restaurant looked like, I would've thought I went to the wrong place. 
Service: Amazing! Laura and Veronica were the sweetest. 

The restaurant is small and seating is limited - if you wish to eat here, I would say go at a time when they are expected to be less busy (that's what we did and we were able to find seats for 3 people.)

The food was surprisingly good.. I say surprisingly, because I have high standards for fried chicken. 
I got their O'G Fried Chicken Sandwich which is a Buttermilk Fried Chicken Breast W/ Spicy Ranch Slaw,Sweet Pickles & Ranch On A Schmaltz Toasted Bun. 
I was able to sample their sides before ordering which was nice. I decided to add the macaroni salad to my order. I must say.. what they rave about is true! This salad is a hit!!
The cornbread was just ok.. It probably would've been better warmed up (not sure, maybe I could've requested that.)

Both of my friends also enjoyed their meals. I can't wait to go back to try their fried chicken pieces which is what they are known for.
"Oh my God, we're so happy for you!!"

This is what they said to us when we decided to order the December pie for dessert... and they genuinely meant it.  They were actually happy that our night was about to be made SO much better by ordering this pie.

In short, Love & Honey is true to their name.  Delicious food served with a lot of love, and some honey.

The fried chicken was outrageously good.  Crisp, well seasoned skin, and moist on the inside.  The cornbread was superb as well.  And the pie, well I already covered that but it was gone so fast that there was no time for a picture.

Best fried chicken in Philly hands down.
Yum! So good!
Fried chicken was excellent. Crispy skin with a drizzle of honey. Juicy, tender chicken meat. It was amazing. I also like that it wasn't too salty, which a lot with fried chicken.
The pimento Mac & cheese was interesting. I'm not sure I'm dying to have it again, but it was good and worth a try!
Cornbread was wonderful! Nice crust on top and grainy texture - the way I love it.
Prices are reasonable. 6 piece chicken, cornbread, and Max & cheese was about $25. Definitely enough for two people!
The folks working there are super friendly and attentive. Food came out pretty quickly. 
There's some window seating, about 15 stools.
Overall, it was worth the trip! I can't wait to come back for more chicken and to try the pies!
Fresh fresh fresh, hot hot hot, that's how it supposed to be. Made to order and I love that cause once I bite into the chicken, it's crispy AF (as fudge). It's a small shop with a hipster vibe to it. Staff was a nice and a lot of people will stop off for a chicken sandwich or takeout.
Visit this place while I was in town for the weekend. I came here last year and man nothing has changed! They are just as great as they were last time I was here! The wings are so crispy and the nice honey glaze the put on top, top notch! Definitely will be back when I'm in town!
Fresh fried chicken, made to order, perfectly cooked. What more could you ask for? I am a huge fan. Their sides are okay, but their chicken is stellar. If you are craving fried chicken, this is the place.
GREATEST CHICKEN SANDWICH IN THE HISTORY OF THE UNIVERSE, PERIOD. 

I could eat this sandwich for the next 38 days straight with a huge smile on my face. 2 thumbs up.I will definitely be coming back with as many people as possible so they can try this amazing sandwich.
I'm writing this while I'm still sitting here, because I'm too full to walk out to my car right now. (Don't Judge me). This was my first time here and I will return. The atmosphere is pretty cool. The employees greeted us as we walked in the door and checked on us periodically throughout our visit.  The chicken, cornbread and potato salad was awesome.
There are very few times in a year that I crave fried chicken and this place just happened to be around the corner when that craving hit. Booooooy did this hit the spot. The chicken was extremely tender and crispy. We got it to go, and they put honey on on top before they closed the box up which is seriously the best finishing touch. We got the 6 piece meal which came with 2 thighs, 2 drums, 2 breasts and 2 pieces of honey corn bread with honey butter. There were three of us that shared and it was more than enough. The chicken breast pieces were enough for 2 people EACH. I've never had such juicy and tender fried chicken breasts. They were just as juicy if not more than the dark meat pieces. Plus the were literally enormous. Not sure how they do it, but I hope that they never change! Definitely need to come back to try their mac and cheese which also looked amazing.  

PS. There is a bit of a wait since they fry everything as you order (approx 20 mins) but it's SO well worth the wait. There's also only window seats along the place (the place is pretty small in itself) so we took it and walked over to the Lutheran Settlement House which is about a 5 minute walk up Frankford Ave. There are outdoor seating tables there and picnic benches so definitely an added plus on a nice day.
3.5 stars.  

The good: well cooked, well seasoned, crispy fried chicken breast.  House made hot sauce.

The okay: save for the serving temperature, Nashville hot chicken lacks heat.  Nashville hot, it is not.  Which is too bad, as this was my big draw.  The potato salad was alright--a bit bland out of the box, but easily doctored up.

The not so good: holy moly do they overload their sandwiches.  Impossible to eat with one hand alone.  Some might say this is a good thing.  Not me.  The menu also not what I was expecting for a chicken joint.  Fried chicken breast and tenders dominate the menu.  There is a quarter bird option available, but you have to look for it.  They definitely cater to the deboned chicken crowd.

The bad: cookies and cream pie.  Attaching a photo.  Hard to make heads of tails of the photo, so let me spell it out: you are looking at a whip cream pie, like you might make for that silly pie to the face game, with oreo cookie crumbles.  Yeah, there is an actual cookies and cream pie filling in there, but it constitutes maybe 0.5 cm in height of the total pie slice, vs a 5 cm in height whipped cream topping. Sure it tasted fine.  But whipped cream even by itself is good, so no surprise there!  Just not what I expected (or thought I was paying for, and it wasn't inexpensive).

Bottom line:  was alright.  Was not Nashville hot chicken though.  Sad face.
I will probably dream of the pickles and spicy slaw on the Nashville chicken sandwich. The perfect topping to the spicy chicken sandwich. Seriously, it was amazing. Next time I'll definitely get a side of the pickles because I ate them off the sandwich, and the acid helps counter act the spice of the sandwich. Probably the best chicken sandwich I've had since being in Philly. Definitely worth the hype. And of course, I got the cornbread. Fire. I'll be dreaming of that too. Can't wait to go back!
Consistently tasty chicken. The breading to meat ratio is spot on. I would also suggest the collard greens and the Mac and cheese. Rich and creamy Mac and cheese with a bread crumb topping. The size is not very big; but it does fill you up! The collard greens have some nice pieces of turkey in there too.

Make sure you get there early enough on a weekend for lunch or dinner because they do sometimes sell out!
Yeah!! This chicken was really good. It was worth driving completely across town on a Saturday. My family didn't feel like cooking on Easter, and since Love&Honey was going to be closed on Sunday, we ordered our meals on Sat and reheated. We ordered the whole chicken platter and an order of wings! 
I don't take stars off if my food doesn't hold up to re-heating leftovers, but I will ADD stars if a meal can knock it out after being reheated. Love and Honey tasted just good the next day.  Especially that hot honey sauce. I would buy that by the bottle.  If only you were a little closer to Germantown..
