I was craving some Mexican food and drinks so when my friend and I were trying to decide on where to go for happy hour, I suggested Lucha Cartel. We were able to get there at about 5:30 pm on a Wednesday (happy hour runs from 4 to 7 pm) so we were lucky enough to snag a booth. Had we been there just an hour later, we would have had to find a place at the bar because they were completely packed. I guess people were rushing over at 6:30 pm right before happy hour ended!

We were quick to make our drink selections - her a sangria and I got a margarita. Our super friendly waiter gave me the option of the house margarita for $5 or a flavored margarita for $7. The flavored options were strawberry, mango, or jalapeño. When he heard me debating between the mango and jalapeño, he was nice enough to suggest getting a mix of both! Spicy mango? SOLD!

My margarita was awesome. Perfect amount of both sweet and spicy. The alcohol was also definitely present, but in a good way. I could taste it and also had a good buzz going on. 

My friend and I were both hungry so we decided to go pretty heavy with the happy hour apps. We got the chorizo sliders, chicken quesadilla, and chicken empanadas. We then also ordered some chips and guac (off of the regular menu, not a happy hour deal) because... what's a fiesta without guac?

Out of all the food selections we made, the empanadas were by far the best. The empanadas were so flavorful. Crispy on the outside, and bursting with flavor on the inside. They came two to an order. I would totally get them again! 

The quesadilla was stuffed with shredded chicken which I liked and thought was well seasoned. It came with a side of chipotle-paprika crema, which was completely flavorless though. If I hadn't read the menu before, I would have though it was just sour cream. The happy hour portion is also quite small which is something to keep in mind. Since we had ordered other items though, it was sufficient for the two of us. 

The guac was pretty boring. Kind of like something you would get at the grocery store. The chips tasted very fresh though! 

The biggest food let down was definitely the chorizo sliders. They really had no taste or flavor to them. I believe they came with some kind of sauce, but there definitely wasn't enough of it. I guess you can't expect much for $5 sliders, but I do wish I had put that money towards another drink instead!

I could see myself returning here for happy hour because they do offer some awesome drink specials (who can beat $5-$7 margs?). Perhaps I'd also get some empanadas to share with a friend as an appetizer, but I would probably head elsewhere for the rest of my meal.
Lucha Cartel is great for the ambiance. Expect it to be loud, yet still festive and enjoyable. I love their fish tacos! If you're a drinker, they have good margaritas. 

It's a great place for dinner, or a weekend hangout.
Lucha Cartel is fun with decent food and great staff. It's owned by the same folks as National Mechanics, but don't worry -- the food is significantly better at Lucha. If you like the pew seating at National Mechanics, Lucha has it too.

I've been several times for lunch and happy hour/dinner. I prefer it for lunch, since it's not nearly as cacophonous as dinner. There's a lot of metal on the ceiling and in the artwork on the walls, so acoustics are rough. When the place gets packed, it gets LOUD. The food is decent but not great. The happy hour specials include $5 tacos (pricey but they're stuffed full), empanadas, house margaritas and sangria (SKIP THE SANGRIA -- TOO SWEET), and $3 draft beer (Yards, Dos Equis, Yuengling).
Highlight of the menu: the guacamole. It's just spicy enough to be exciting and comes with a large basket of chips. It's easily shared as an app between three people and is a good deal at $9. I've found that other options, such as the chorizo burger and the chicken burrito ($9) are just okay. For instance, there was either hardly any chorizo in the burger or it was just not very flavorful, but the familiar sausage taste I was expecting was just not there. The fries that came with it were very heavy and a little greasy, too. The pulled chicken had a great texture, but again the sauce was ordinary (I went with the arbol--spicy).

Low point: the service. I've been to Lucha on a non-busy day and once when it was super busy (Cinco de Mayo). Both days the service was minimal and slow, especially where the check was concerned. However, the service was very strained on Cinco de Mayo. This is understandable by itself, but number of mistakes and general neglect given our table was not. Our app came out right away, but then for the next twenty minutes, our server disappeared while another waitress kept bringing other tables' orders to our seats. Finally, we managed to track down our server and asked for an update. Soon after, our dishes finally arrived... along with a check that had incorrect pricing. Another twenty minutes of hide-and-seek with the server went by before we finally were able to settle up and continue on our way.

I really wanted to like this place--the outside looks so cool, with the large deck and outdoor seating, and the decor inside was dark and eclectic. Unfortunately, the lack of attentive service combined with the ordinary food will not encourage me to return.
Old City badly needed a good Mexican restaurant, and Lucha Cartel fills that hole nicely.  

It's owned by the same people as National Mechanics, and you can definitely tell. The decor is weird and dark and nonsensical (there is a Mexican wrestling Last Supper parody done on skateboards...), but it makes more sense here than at National Mechanics.

The food is pretty great.  We started with guacamole served with fresh Oaxaca cheese - super delicious albeit a tad over-priced.  I had a chicken quesadilla again with Oaxaca cheese and some of the weirdest sour cream that did not taste like sour cream ever.  I think the best thing we tried was the chorizo burger - amazingly tasty and tender.

They're currently offering $5 drafts and margaritas, I think as part of their grand opening specials.  The margaritas are tasty but not particularly strong.
Lucha Cartel Is a family favorite especially for the Wahoo Fish Tacos and Pork Belly Al Pastor. Unfortunately when I stopped in for a night cap the other day I noticed the menu has changed slightly and both of those tacos were gone. There is still a fish taco option but it's not the same. The Al Pastor tacos were regular shoulder cut and totally lacked any flavor. They also used red onion instead of the traditional and much sweeter white. Major disappointment. The margaritas are still top notch.
I came here like a fool in love a couple of times hoping this place got themselves together only to get the sad, sad, sad realization that I won't come back here.
It's Old City. Don't open up your restaurant till you got everything in place, ya know? Basic rules.
The waitress was telling me she was there "helping out" because they hadn't really hired anybody yet. I couldn't order a margarita blended because they didn't have a blender yet which astounded me. Not being able to get a blended margarita at a Mexican place seemed just as weird as not being able to order lasagna at an Italian place. 
This location is great even though it's had a lot of turnover-- I mean, outdoor seating is like a rare thing in Philly, and this place has a small porch if you can snag it. So because the place was so out-of sorts (with long waits and having to remind my waiter what we were waiting for several times) and I wanted to be in love, I just drank myself till I forgot. But then you wake up the next day and you remember, Ohhhhhh how you remember.
Our waiter was friendly and the food was VERY VERY GOOD! 
We ordered the guacamole and chips. Chips tasted fresh and hot, and the guacamole tasted very fresh as well. The pork carnitas tacos were very moist and flavorful. I had the margaritas and mojitos and those were good as well. Finally my sister and I finished everything off with a guava mango cheesecake and that was probably one of the best cheesecakes I've ever had. I really liked the theme/decor of the restaurant as well. A bit dark, but didn't mind it.

I was about to give Lucha Cartel a four, however, the service was a little slow and it wasn't even busy. Also, I asked for the pork carnitas taco on the happy hour menu but ended up getting charged for the regular priced pork carnitas taco. But, I had a good time and enjoyed some excellent food so I am still giving Lucha Cartel a FIVE! Yay. I highly recommend!
Perhaps we missed it when we read the title on Yelp, but this place idolizes Mexican Drug Cartels. Kinda odd.. The food was good, but the delay was just as several past yelpers had mentioned, VERY long and not quite worth the wait. To add to it they got my wife's order wrong and blamed it on the food runner. The beer selection is impressive, with over 10 on tap, so that makes the long wait somewhat reasonable. In the end, not bad, but if you are craving Mexican food check out Cantina Dos Segundos or Taqueria La Veracruzana. They have better food in half the time, and hey, if you're politically correct, they don't have pictures of the Sinaola Cartel around the bar.
Perhaps we were here on an off night, an off Friday night. Here's my experience from last night.

We walked in, took a table behind an 8 top that was deep into an evening of eating and drinking. After 15 minutes of not being addressed by a server, my wife flagged down the single waitress to ask for menus. We did not receive water for the entire meal, though pitchers of the stuff were being served to other tables.

Our drinks were good, but took 20 minutes to get a refill on. The nachos were cold and uninspired. My carnitas tacos were very good, as was my wife's lucha salad. 

As it turns out, the 8 top was populated by the owner or manager; with his friends. These folks had an endless supply of drinks and food coming to their table. The owner/manager looked at our table a bunch of times (usually after taking a shot), seeing us try to flag down the lone waitress, but never made an effort to check on us. 

My advice, make friends with the owner before coming here.
Like a lot of other reviewers, I really wanted to love this place.  Old City needs some solid Mexican food and if this place were good, I would be a regular.  But I've been here about three times now for dinner and its been disappointing every time.

This most recent time we went the service was terrible.  We considered walking out after waiting at 10 minutes to get two beers (the place was not crowded).  The beers arrived just in time to keep us around and we put in our order for dinner.  

We decided to start with the roasted corn on the cob - which was delicious but most certainly did not seem roasted and was served cold.

We ordered the carnitas tacos - specifically with hard corn shells not soft corn tortillas because I don't like them.  We also ordered the chicken enchiladas and rice based off of the recommendation of our waitress.  After we put in our order, we didn't see our waitress until it was time to get our bill.

When our food came out, the tacos were on soft corn tortillas and I let the food runner know we wanted the hard shells.  He said the kitchen had just run out.  I wasn't going to cause a stink but shouldn't the waitress have informed me of this before blatantly just bringing me out something I said I didn't want?  The chicken enchiladas came out without the side of rice it was supposed to have.  The food runner said he would be right back with the rice.  That was the last we saw him.

The enchiladas were really tasty and the tacos were bland.  The carnitas was bland and fatty.  We would have really loved to have a few beers with diinner but we only saw our waitress enough to get one round.  Someone random came over to check on us at one point and we had to ask him to bring our waitress around for our check.  

The drinks and margaritas are nothing special, but the times I've been here just for drinks and snacks its been completely adequate.  Maybe I'll be back for drinks and chips but definitely not for dinner.  Jose's Tacos at 10th and Spring Garden is a hole in the wall but their food is way better than this place and worth the drive if you want a real dinner.
Very cool decor in this place. It's different and edgy, and gives you plenty to look at while you wait for your food. The bathroom was spotless, and also had fun design on the paper towel holders and walls. Even the stairs were painted with colorful skulls. 

Skulls, you say? Yes. The entire theme of the decorations seemed to be Dia de los Muertos (Day of the Dead). http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Day_of_the_Dead

They have $5.00 drinks during their 4-7 happy hour. I was still hurting from a particularly wild night, so I just drank water. We started with guacamole with chips. The guacamole was medium spicy, so you might want to skip it of you're not a fan of a little zing. It honestly wasn't great. We didn't eat much of it.

I got the cactus burger, which allegedly had real cactus in it. That's kind of fun and funky, so I thought I'd try it. It was very salty. The vegetables were cut into think strips and then scooped into the bin, but the stings were too long (IMHO). This made it incredibly difficult to eat  without making a huge mess. It also could have used some sauce, as it was pretty dry.

My friend wasn't a big fan of her pulled chicken wrap, either. Everything was just too salty. It's a very vegetarian/vegan-friendly place, though. They always offer a vegan soup (hard to find, sometimes).

I liked that the servers didn't wear any particular uniforms. It gave the place a trendy and relaxed feel to it.

I'd go in for drinks, but skip the food.
Went here for happy hour with a large group of friends. Got the $5 margarita special which I thought was a good deal for the city. Margarita was tasty but pretty small. Enjoyed the guacamole and chicken quesadilla but was pretty typical. Service was pretty bad. Had to flag waitress down a lot and my friends sat over 10 minutes with empty glasses a few times. Looks like they need more staff, at least on Friday nights. Didn't really like that we got kicked from our table so I guess they could turn it into a dance club? I was confused because the restaurant already had a large group of people in there ordering drinks/food and then they take our chairs and tables. We would have stayed longer if that didn't happen.  I wanted to really like the place but bad service turned me off.  I hope they read reviews so they can reevaluate some things  they can improve on.
I'm not sure how this place has such good reviews, but we had a pretty terrible time when we went.  
1. We showed up at 3:30 but were told we had to wait outside until 4 when the restaurant switched over to dinner service. 

 2. When we were finally allowed in it took about 15 minutes before we could get a waiter to acknowledge us and take our order.  

3. After finally taking our order, the waitress disappears for the next 30 minutes. We tried looking for her but could not find her so I suspect she was in the back having a siesta.  

4. Drinks and appetizer finally shows up but to no surprise it was wrong. Seriously, just 3 drink orders and nachos, but they couldn't get that correct. The waitress immediately left after dropping off our order so we could not complain or ask for a check.  

5. Again I think the staff was all taking siestas in the back as we were not able to get a check from ANY of the staff so we could leave. We waited another 30 minutes before our sleepy waitress appeared again to give us a check so we could leave.  

Total wait time for 2 mixed drinks, a beer and nachos - 105 Minutes 

I'd definitely avoid this place, unless for some reason you really wanna eat at a kitschy mexican restaurant with terrible service.
I've only been once, about a week after it opened, but I really enjoyed my cartel burger.  The service was exemplary and the decor was my kind of thing (I do so love lucha libre).  So yes, I'm down to go again.
This was definitely one of the worst dining experience I've had in a long time. We were seated right away, even though only half my group was there which was nice of them. We decided to order some drinks and nachos while we waited. My friends arrived, and waited... it took them almost 1hr to bring us the nachos (after we flagged down our waiter to ask the status of them), and no one bothered to stop by to see if my friends wanted drinks or if we were ready to order dinner in that time. When the nachos arrived, they didn't give us silverware or plates to eat them on, so it was pretty awkward. The nachos were tasty (though nothing special) which gave us a glimmer of hope for dinner,

It took them awhile to get our meals to us (our waiter even stopped by to see if anyone wanted dessert even though we hadn't gotten our meals which was strange). They gave me fries instead of salad with my cactus burger, and they gave my friend the completely wrong order. When we brought it to the food runner's attention, he was kind of nasty to us and told us they were busy and he would fix it. We also asked him for silverware because god knows we wouldn't have gotten any for another 20 minutes.

After 5 minutes of no word from the runner, I managed to flag our waiter down, who basically barked at me "well I did write side of salad when I put the order in".  All I wanted was the food I ordered. I honestly did not appreciate the way the wait staff spoke to us... I've worked in restaurants and understand mistakes happen but instead of making excuses, or yelling at your customers, just fix it and move on. 

Half of us were disappointed in the food and the other half thought it was decent. We watched the table next to us argue with the manager about poor food/service for 20 minutes while we ate which was entertaining.

Our waiter never returned with my salad, or drink refills, or any ketchup for my cactus burger (or for the fries I didn't want), or to see if our food was okay, or to try again to see if we wanted dessert. At the end of the meal we were offered a round of free drinks as a consolation. It was a nice gesture, but too little too late. It's a shame because old city could use a good Mexican joint, but unless they improve their food, quality control, and most of all: service, I don't see them staying in business for too long.

Oh, almost forgot, they messed up our consolation drinks too.
If there was one thing that Olde City was lacking it was seriously hot and tasty mexican food. The only other place around was in the Bourse Buidling, and I'm just not willing to brave the flash mobs.  

Along comes Lucha Cartel, my wife and a few friends went for dinner and drinks. We started with a plate of nachos which turned out to be some of the best nachos I've ever had.  Heavily salted, but in a good way. 

I got the chorizo burger with fried cheese on top, which was pretty great, the rest of my group ordered various sandwiches and were happy. The fair was familiar enough to be identifiably  meixcan, but managed to not fall into the trap of some of the more established places. 

Its worth a shot, even if its just for the $5 margys.
Not really understanding these 5 star reviews, but to each his own, I guess.  I'll give it a Yelp courtesy of 2 1/2 stars, we'll say, but "meh" is basically how I felt eating here.  The half star extra is for the really nice hostess, the trendiness/decor of the place, the good draft beer list (and Corona Lite on draft which no one ever does), and because we came at the literal worst time to eat (2:30 PM) so I will give them the benefit of the doubt in that regard.  Plus, their happy hour specials seem decent and you can get those GIANT margarita glasses, which is nice.

My Michelada was a disappointment - I anticipated the beer and lime juice/spice mix to be all integrated together.  What I got was a pint glass with a spicy rim that was 3/4 of the way full with a bloody mary-type mix (but not bloody mary, something different), then a can of Modelo on the side.  1/4 space in the glass was not enough to even empty the can of beer into it nor did it help dilute/blend the insanely spicy tomato mixture - and don't even get me started on that spice rim.  I love a good spicy drink but this gave me literal instant heartburn and was so undrinkable I had to send it back.  There was just no balancing that heat.  If they did 1/2 and 1/2 of each or maybe put it in a bigger glass with ice, it would have been refreshing, but this just did not work.  

Food wise, we had the lunch menu at that time, so maybe the dinner menu would change my mind about this place.  We started with chips and guac for the table.  The guac was just ok, nothing special at all (and not to mention a very small portion size).  The chips, while freshmade, were WAY too salty.  I was actually gonna order the nachos as an entree cause I heard they were good, but opted out because of this.

Three of us got tacos - 2 wahoo fried fish tacos and 1 beef - and one got the chicken quesadillas.  The fish tacos were...subpar at best.  Cute presentation, but the shells were SO tiny (akin to those $1 tacos at El Rey, but way more expensive).  The fillings were pretty one-note and flavorless (thank god for the spicy salsa verde), and my fish honestly tasted like cheap fried chicken skins and not like fish at all - plus it was cut up in tiny chunks instead of the whole fillet.  For the price point for lunch, I was expecting La Calaca level fish tacos.  Single soft corn tortillas were flimsy and not fried for even a few seconds, so the dry corn broke by the time I got to the end of each taco.  (They also offer hard corn shells, which should've been an indicator this was not going to be good authentic Mexican taqueria food).  Beef tacos and quesadilla were okay according to my guests, but again, nothing noteworthy.

Service was...okay.  For some reason we had like 3 different servers throughout the meal.  When I wanted to send back my drink and order another one, I couldn't track a server down until I was on my second taco and thirsty as hell.  They were friendly enough, but towards the end of the meal (when the place was empty and there was literally only 2 other occupied tables), we wanted to finish our still half-full drinks and chat.  On 3 separate occasions they came up to us and kind of tried to subtly nudge us out the door with their overall demeanor and body language, asking if we wanted dessert or needed any more drinks when we made it clear we didn't.  Like, let me finish my damn drink before you scoot me out.  Then when we actually had the credit card ready to pay, no one could be found.

Overall, for the high prices, it's definitely not worth it at all and I honestly wouldn't return unless I happened to be in the area for dinner/happy hour when the food menu is different.  Maybe I'd have a better experience then.
Did a mini bar crawl over the weekend and stopped in this place on a whim --- And because you just can't say no to the cute girl who was working the door greeting everyone that walked by! =) 

Review is only on bar service and drinks.  Friendly and attentive bartender was quick to get our drink orders.  Being a big tequila drinker of course I needed to try a signature Margarita and convinced a few others to share a pitcher of their El Santo "The Greatest" Margarita!
A superb no frills balanced margarita.  Usually I like my drinks less sweet and have to give that disclaimer upon ordering, but this one was very tasty!!

I want to come back for food and will edit my review if and when I do!
Um, what can I say, I'm a sucker for casual Mexican. Brought to you by the peeps at National Mechanics (which I'm actually not a fan of), Lucha Cartel brings $10/plate Mexican food to Old City (so don't bring your West Philly friends, or expect them to whine).

The food has been nice, I dug the cactus burger and the burrito (both part of their vegan options), however, be warned that they skivved us out of our guac in the veg burrito -- had to ask for it, and even though it's on the menu, there was a little noise.

The drinks were a little sub par too -- I love me a margarita, and I don't know what they gave me, but it was a wee weird. However, considering it still contained tequila .. shrug.

Hey, I might be too forgiving, but ... meh. I'd probably do tacos next time, since they look so friendly for take-away (eat 2 out of 3 tacos and you're set!), but I also hope they step up their game a bit to stay in the neighborhood. 4 stars anyway, cause what can I say, I'm a fan.

Oh, also, if you order the large guacamole ... it's ridonkulously huge. Also good. Oh, and major, MAJOR points for offering separate checks when I went with a (small) group. Will restos in Philly please get on this?
This is what happens after a bar & restaurant steps up and redeems themselves after a potentially bad experience.

After coming here and enjoying an extraordinary meal that satisfied both a vegetarian AND a raging carnivore, Lucha Cartel was on my radar as a spot to come back to and review. because as a spot from the same people behind National Mechanics, that has all kinds of crazy lucha inspired art and masks upon its walls how could it not be?

So when my cousin and I were looking for a spot to grab a bite and some drinks at after checking out Nosego's incredible art exhibit at Arch Enemy, it was the first spot to cross my mind. And even though we were seated at an area that was empty aside from a couple of DJ's  spinning music, things were looking up. At least until seating for 15 minutes without being served more than a couple glasses of water nearly prompted us to get up and walk back into the snowstorm. But after seeing us get ready to do so the hostess who sat us was quick to rectify it by apologizing for the confusion and comping our first round of drinks. From that point forward we were offered a comped chips & pico de gallo, and received the most spot on service possible.

my cousin was super satisfied with his cartel burger. And my pork belly al pastor tacos were easily up there as some of the best tacos that I've had. with the crazy lucha theme, well rounded drink menu with a plentiful assortment of tequilia and margaritas, hommade hot sauces;  and vegetarian options like a cactus burger, 4 kinds of tacos, and veggie enchiladas, this place is mucha lucha for all!
Did some pandemic takeout from them. Enjoyed the chicken empanadas highly. The mushroom empanadas were decent but I definitely prefer the meat ones more. 

The street corn was ok. I've had better versions of this personally. But not too bad. 

I'd give them a shot again just for those empanadas.
This place is my favorite when it comes to getting a great margarita! I always get the Pineapple Jalapeño Margarita with tajin on the rim  They have a pretty controled menu as to say they know what they serve. The food is top notch! Waiters are always kind and very helpful! Check out my food pictures and watch my restaurant review videos on Youtube on ROAMING FOR CHOW.
We have so much fun here coming early for drinks + appetizers and staying for the Tuesday Salsa Night. 

While the Salsa Night officially starts at 9PM, the lesson usually begins at around 9:30-10:00. We usually arrive at around 8 or 8:15 to be able to enjoy a few drinks/snacks before the place fully transitions into a night club. Many people wait until after the lesson is over and social dancing begins, so the place is really packed by 11:00. 

The lesson was free (no cover) and very good for beginners - lasting about an hour and allowing you to rotate partners so that you could meet different people and still participate if you had come alone. Our group felt comfortable on the dance floor for the rest of the night using just what we had learned in the lesson. Ratio of guys to girls tends to be a bit uneven during lessons - so I would skip and bring a partner if that makes you uncomfortable. 

Mixed drinks here are strong with a great selection of Tequilas and Draft beers. There's something for everyone here and you definitely get your money's worth. Pitchers of margaritas are a great deal. Strongly recommend the chicken empanadas for a light bite before a night of dancing. 

Service is friendly - both the hostess and bartender engaged with us during dinner and made sure we were well taken care of and understood what the flow of the night would be as staff started clearing out tables. Tip: Once the salsa night begins the bar only offers bottled water, so if you come for dinner be sure to ask for a glass of water early!
The space that Lucha Cartel occupies might be cursed as the restaurants occupying that space keep failing.  The current incarnation seems like it'll be no exception.  Maybe they're just counting on sufficient business from tourists and other one-time visitors.

The servers were friendly and helpful, but service was generally slow for no apparent reason.  The complementary chips and salsa were sparse and served with a tiny bowl of salsa.  The chips were glistening with grease.  They were also thin and crumbly and a shard of one of them cut into my gums; not fun.  The small guacamole, on the other hand, was ample for three people to share, and pretty good.  The mains we got were tasty, but barely filling.  

The decor pays homage to lucha libre, if you care.  

Prices are in line with competitors, though not worth it.

They have some off-street outdoor tables out front, which could make for a fun stop for drinks and snacks, for which their drink list is totally adequate.

Finally, a note on the bathroom.  I'm no professional bathroom architect -- and, apparently, neither is the person who designed their men's room.  I understand there are limitations when one has a small space to work with, but, still, does the result have to be the most awkward restroom I've seen in ages?
Average food. Below average service. 

After the recommendation from a friend,  five of us made a Saturday night reservation to celebrate a birthday. Seating went smoothly, the table was ready as soon as we got there. 

It was downhill from there. 

We ordered our appetizers, drinks, and dinner all at once. After about 15 minutes, our drinks came. A little longer than you'd expect to take, as the restaurant was only moderately full. After that our dinners came. No appetizers. When my one friend asked about her French fries (why she ordered FF at a mexican place, idk...) and the waitress responded back something along the lines of "well the server only has 2 hands" ........... 

I thought that was an incredibly rude thing to say as a server.  At the very least, she could have said they were coming right out. They should have been served before the dinner anyway.  

My black bean kale enchiladas were bland. Improved a little with salsa, but they were still lacking a lot of flavor. Friends who ordered the same agreed. 

Took our waitress way too long to realize we were finished eating. Tack on another 10-15 minutes of waiting for our checks and then again for waiting to sign our receipts. 

Unfortunately after this experience, I will not be coming back.
My cousins were in town and decided to try this restaurant for lunch. The food we all thought was good. One cousin had Beef Burrito, another had Chicken Burrito and another cousin and myself had Portobello mushroom (vegetarian) Quesadillas. We shared the nachos which came fully loaded where you did not need add ons for extra cost. The decor was cute, bathrooms clean. Withstand friendly but not so attentive, as we had to flag down for refills of water and diet coke. I will come back with others who like Mexican. They have Vegan and Gluten free options ad well as Vegetarian.
Great spot. Very shareable food and plenty of seating. We had the chips and guacamole, carne asada tacos, and chicken quesadilla. Everything was very well seasoned and delectable. Fast and friendly service, as well as lots of room to talk and mingle. Not really sure I understand the sub-par reviews.
If you hate good Mexican food and really great character in a bar/restaurant, then you should avoid this place. You should also avoid it if you dislike fantastic margaritas and/or are phobic about luchadors. Hay muchas luchadores!!!
Lucha Cartel gives me some serious "Nacho Libre meets Tim Burton" vibes... and I'm here for it. Happy Hour here is one of the best I've encountered, and surrounded by other great bars and establishments, this is a great place to start or end an evening out or enjoy a nice dinner. 

The décor is very whimsical and eclectic, not your standard hipster bar. I particularly enjoyed the lack of blaring televisions. It's hard to find a bar without a TV when you really just want to enjoy a drink and some conversation. 

The $5 food menu is decent, with a nice variety of options. However, there was only one vegetarian item on the happy hour menu; mushroom empanadas. Some of the items could have probably been made vegetarian had we asked, but I didn't so I don't know how accommodating they would be about those requests. 

Craving nachos, I ordered the Picadillo con Queso, which was the closest thing I could find on the $5 menu. It was basically deconstructed nachos // ~so trendy~ // unlike anything I've been served before. It was a small iron skillet filled with ground meat, cheese and veggies, and served with tortilla chips. It was served piping hot. Like so hot, I think I burned my esophagus. (My own fault) It was very very tasty though, and the perfect amount of food to satiate me. I was a fan of the chips. They were a little thicker than some other restaurant chips, crunchy and perfectly salted. 

Happy Hour is $5 Sangria, $5 House Margs, and Half-Price Drafts. The draft list isn't huge, maybe 6 or 7 options, but enough variety. I logged a couple of craft brews, one Flying Fish (Somerdale, NJ) and one Full Pint (North Versailles, PA). Normally $6 a piece, I scored them both for that price. My friends ordered the Sangria and Margarita respectfully. Both said good things. 

Service was okay. There was a large party here when we came, and they were loud and required much attention from our server, who bless her heart, seemed to be the only one working. She was lovely, but way over her head with customers. 

I hear they have free Salsa classes here, and I'm so keen to come back and try it. I'd suggest taking the El here, it's only a 3 minute walk. Otherwise, you're really gambling because parking is tough here. Once you're at Lucha Cartel, you're in the heart of Old City. It's great place for dates, dinners, and happy hours alike.
**This is a review of Lucha Cartel's happy hour experience.**

Lucha Cartel is essentially an oversized dive bar -- not that there is anything wrong with that but if you're expecting more...don't. The ambiance was decent because the place was fairly large and there was dinner lighting. Outdoor seating was available but we opted to dine in as it was a bit chilly out. We selected several happy hour items during our first trip here. We had shrimp empanadas, chicken quesdilla, chicken tacos and loaded fries (papas locas) at $5 each. All of these were just okay with an exception of the quesadilla--that was actually pretty tasty. There were no real stand out flavors. My husband ordered a beer and I ordered a sangria. The sangria was red wine with a slice of orange. I don't mind red wine but that certainly was not good sangria. We would not be interested in returning excepy maybe to entertain their craft draft list.
Ever since moving to Old City I was excited to try Lucha Cartel. I love Mexican food, and since this is so close, I couldn't wait to try it. Alas on my visit I found that although many tables were empty, they were all being saved for reservations. That's cool, I understand. I should have made a reservation. 

Unfortunately, I sat down and tried to order at the bar instead, and was almost completely ignored. When I sat down there were two bartenders, male and female. The female bartender gave my husband and I menus, but then left, assumedly on break, leaving only the male bartender. Work seemed like the last place on Earth this guy wanted to be. We watched him refuse to make eye contact with anyone sitting at the bar, and act pretty rudely to the servers attempting to pick up drinks for their tables. After being ignored by him for nearly fifteen minutes, we put our jackets back on and left - and not a single employee there even batted an eye. I'd much rather spend my money at an establishment that actually wants me to be there.
This spot looked very cute and I popped in here quick after my drive in. I started with chips and guac, because you always gotta, and I was nearly scraping the bowl when my mains came. I ordered the al pastor and wild mushroom tacos. The al pastor tacos went down super easy, lots of flavor variance and depth. That's a high recommendation on that dish for me. The wild mushroom fell a bit flat to me. I also had a strawberry infused margarita and have no complaints there. I also forget how quick a margarita can flatten you. 

The staff was kind and considerate and the restaurant seems to be taking great precautions in terms of practicing social distancing. Safety could not be more important! The decor in the place was very cute and I wish I snapped a few pics but I was very hungry and there was lots of good food in front of me to devour...oh well.. next time, or just peep everyone else's photos here to see what I mean
Lucha Cartel was the perfect spot for a casual, fun, and tasty happy hour to catch up with friends.

You can't really go wrong with the $5 selections (chips & guacamole, margaritas, Tecate & Tequilla shot) - so we were set. We also ordered the Lucha Nachos for the table, which were messy, over-loaded, and absolutely delicious.

Our server was great, too. She was funny, personable, and made sure we always had a drink.

Despite being surprisingly kind of empty, I think Lucha Cartel is a great happy hour spot where you can maybe have a drink or two more than you should while chomping on some fresh tortilla chips.
Lucha libre is a term used in Mexico, and other Spanish-speaking countries, for a form of professional wrestling that has developed within those countries. Masks the wrestlers wear are a key part of the performance.

Lucha cartel is a modern Mexican restaurant that honors that sport in its decor. I thought it gave the place a nice, cool touch. 

My lady and I split a medium size pitcher of their recommended El Santo Margarita (not your typical lime flavor). 

We tried their chips and pico. So-so at best. 

We split the crispy beef tacos (tiny in size) and chicken enchilada. They were tasty.

Service was ok. 

It was a decent lunch. I've had better. I've had worse.
I guess this is a love it or hate it place.. And Dam do my wife and i love this place.. Great food, Good service, Outdoor seating and very clean bathrooms.. P.S. Family friendly.. $5 margaritas and sangria's..
I've been to Lucha Cartel twice, but the first time was too long ago. I came here again in May with my bf with a reservation for 7:45 pm. 

The restaurant was packed when we got there, but we were seated right away thank god. Our waitress was nice, but I felt she kept trying to rush us to order. We were seated for maybe 3 mins and she asked us if we were ready. When we told her we needed a little more time, she literally came back again after maybe a minute. 

Anyways, I ordered their Sweet Potato tacos which were so so so delicious. Only complaint I have is that there should have been 1 more taco. 3 corn tortilla tacos are not filling enough for a dinner. We also ordered a strawberry margarita pitcher which was super delicious but a little overpriced in my opinion. It also got watered down super quickly because there was so much ice. I still recommend because their food is good & the atmosphere is worthwhile!
Someone described this place as divey and I actually really agree: it's divey, but tasty, but a little overpriced. Fun decor and a nice drink selection. The portions (food and marg pitchers) were pretty small for the price and the service wasn't very fast :( I did have a good time here with friends and honestly would suggest it if you want Mexican in Old City but going into it you just have to know that you're not necessarily getting a five star experience.
WOW! My friends and I weren't really hungry, but we came across this spot and ordered some tacos and a pitcher of sangria. We were NOT disappointed, and even returned the next night. They were just so delicious and the meat was so moist. I would definitely return on my next visit to Philly. 

This restaurant is located in a very "happening" area, near other bars and restaurants. It definitely isn't easy to find parking, so we ubered and just walked around. 

The staff was so friendly on both visits. They kept us entertained and provided excellent service.
I've been here 3 times so far but my most recent visit was definitely the least impressive one in terms of service.  This is a great place to go if you're with a big group and want to share their enormous margaritas.  Maybe you also naturally command more attention/service if you're with a large group. 

Maybe partly b/c we were a party of two vs eight, we really didn't get much service at all.   The waiter asked me what I wanted to drink but I never even got a drink menu, and it was eons before he came back with it.   The last two times I was here, I remember the (complimentary) nachos and salsa being really good but our waiter never brought them.  Finally, I asked him what had happened to the nachos/salsa and he said that they "have to be requested."  I found that to be a sort of awkward reply but at least he brought them out.  Upon our request, anyway.  They seem to have downsized on the salsa b/c it wasn't the yummy salsa I remember from the prior visits, and the size was definitely smaller to.  As an appetizer, my friend and I had the mussels, which were really good, cooked with chorizo and in a flavorful broth. My tiny plate filled up with empty mussel shells in no time but our waiter was nowhere in sight to bring me a clean plate.  When someone finally brought my grilled chicken tacos, I asked him for a clean plate.  My chicken tacos were definitely way too dry.  At the end of the night, I asked the waiter for boxes for my unfinished tacos.  Oh, and I did get a bag too, but again, upon request only.  The noise level is literally 12/10.  I really could barely hear my friend above the din.  

The other bummer was that I'm sure being outside or near the patio feels great on a warm summer day. But it was a nippy spring day so every time a waiter went in or out to the patio, he/she would leave the door open.  We were sitting right near the door so we were freezing every time the door was open, which was basically every few minutes the whole night.

As mentioned, I did like the mussels but otherwise the noise level, lack of service, over-cooked and dried chicken tacos, didn't impress me.
This food might as well have been served on paper plates... oh wait.  It was.

The quality of our meal was on par with Lunchables: questionable meats, filler cheeses, guacamole that did not taste handmade.  

Limited menu.  No salads, despite the ingredients being on hand.  Our waiter seemed just as perplexed as we were about the lack of options.

The ambiance is creative - y como el Dia de los Muertos: black and purple hues and tatoo-like art pique passer-bys' interest.  But once you sit down on the spray-painted picnic tables and glimpse the food-stained paper menus you'll want to bid this funeral adios.
I just finished a tue night dinner here and after reading the reviews I conclude this is a great place to eat and drink as long as it's not Friday at 8pm. 
The service was great, food awesome, with a decent assortment of good beers. 
I like this place. And I live in coastal California where Mexican is ubiquitous - and I would TOTALLY come back.
Came here for lunch on a friday when everything else was closed. It was fate... must go! Ask for Tim, best bartender/server ever. Food was great, chips extra salty. Tim makes a great cosmo and margarita! ! Infused with strawberry or jalapeño yummmm
I'm so happy this place opened up. Someone from my office raved about it shorty after they opened for business and I've been going there every since. They're a stone's throw from my office and so I can only comment on their lunch items. And, actually I can only comment on 2 items-their fish tacos and chicken salad, both of which I immensely enjoyed.

I lived in San Francisco for 7 years and have spent time in LA, San Diego and Mexico-La Ventana, not the Americanized Cabo and think Lucha Cartel makes fantastic Fish Tacos, so much so that it's the 1 thing I always get when I stop in for lunch.

Service is excellent-always friendly and fast. Judy normally works when I've been there and she is warm, personable and a great server.

Looks like a fun place to go for dinner and on the weekends.
Quick service. Awesome atmosphere & decor. The nachos were perfect for munching, and the drinks were on spot. Our bartender, Evan, made the night. We will definitely be returning in the future!
I'm glad we finally have good Mexican food in the neighborhood! I was excited to try Lucha Cartel after Q closed. The guacamole exceeded my expectations and the bartender was cool enough to make my very pregnant friend a convincing mocktail (grapefruit soda with a sugar rim and lime wedge). We had several tacos and quesadillas, all excellent. My only complaint is that our evening was cut short when they started blasting the music at 10:15pm. If they concentrate on their food, they should do well. We would have stuck around for another round if they hadn't jacked up the sound system to try to attract the crappy club crowd that doesn't seem to be around anymore.
Stopped in for happy hour & was not impressed.  Service was slow & the food was nothing spectacular. The staff was nice but very slow. After informing the waitress that I had an upcoming engagement & needed the check.... she still went to 3 other tables after the bill was paid & took 10 min to return with the credit card she was given. This will have to go on my one & done list. The chicken quesadillas were ok, but the empanadas were bland. My companion had a mimosa and stated the lime was the dominant flavor in the drink.
I visited Lucha Cartel with some friends while in Philly a few weeks ago. We started with a pitcher of margaritas, they were good and each of us had at least 2 from the pitcher (shared between 3 people). We ordered the chips and guacamole with queso. Note that the queso is just cheese on top and not a queso dip. It was still good though. We each enjoyed our food, but I docked a star for service. Our server was great at first but seemed to disappear after we ordered. We were in a bit of a rush so it was frustrating to not be able to get the check in a timely manner. Maybe just an off night though, so I would definitely give them another try.
Been walking by this place for a few weeks since it is right by my place and finally decided to try it. We ordered 2 jalapeño margaritas and they were great. For food we had the shrimp fajitas and the quesabirrias. Both took a long time to come out even on a slow night with only 3 total tables in the place. Once they were finally brought out by a kitchen staff, both dishes were sitting out under the heat lamp for quite some time. We had to wait a few minutes for the food not to be as hot so we can enjoy it and not burn my month. The food tasted good but the service by the bartender and the texting staff a the bar all night was not up to par. I would probably order food to go from here again but would not want to be served by this staff.
Went to Lucha Cartel last night on a whim because we were in the area and OpenTable was offering 1,000 points to make a reservation. I understand why now. The food was really excellent (had the guacamole with corn, chicken empanadas, and carnitas tacos), but the service was awful. Our waitress came to take our order and then, no exaggeration, we did not see her again. Had to flag her down just to order another drink, and asked for the check at the same time because we were afraid she wouldn't come back. When she finally returned, I jokingly commented "I didn't know where you went!" and she didn't even offer any sort of apology or explanation. I haven't given less than a 20% tip in MANY years, but I was so frustrated by the barely-there service that I had to. 

I'm giving 3 stars because the hostess was friendly and the food was awesome, and I might go back because of those reasons, but the poor service was a huge turn-off.
Beautiful Sunday evening and my boyfriend and I wanted some early evening margaritas and appetizers.  Here is where the horror started.

First round of drinks was great.  Jalapeno Margarita had a delayed spice to it that was very pleasant.  My boyfriends' old fashion was strong.  Second round, I ordered a margarita and he did the old fashion.  Still Great. He was about to order apps and the server was extremely rude to him when he was not ready to order, she said "obviously your not ready" and she batted her disgustingly long eyelashes and walked off.  

Third round is when the ridiculousness began.

I thoroughly enjoy Sangrias.  I mean, I traveled all over the world and had Sangrias starting at the birthplace of it all.  I do enjoy a Sangria to be made from scratch and not premade (non traditional and I am well aware of it).  Wine, brandy, O.J (any other citrus) top with seltzer.  I asked our server if they can make it from scratch and she asked the bartender and said no.  I asked why and she said that "they did not have the ingredients".  I said they have wine, brandy and O.J, how can you say you don't have the ingredients.  She looked at me blankly, as if her brain was placed on pause.  She said "well the bartender said we don't have those ingredients".  I explained that we are actively looking at all those ingredients I mentioned and again she said "we do not have them".  This is when the frustration started.  It stemmed from her not thinking clearly.
She walked away and then I was about to just order the drink from the bartender.  As she seen me walk to the bar, I watched her mouth to the bartender "tell her no".  Now this is when it gets really terrible (at this point I no longer wanted the drink but I was perplexed of the cluelessness and lack of hospitality).  I asked the bartender if he had the aforementioned ingredients and he proceeded to tell me, in a robot fashion that "it is company policy to (the rest was just jibberish and he was tuned out).  I asked if you can make cocktails outside what the menu has to offer and he responded "yes".  

I bartend.  I get it.  This will be a different price point perhaps??  I am a paying customer that is more than wiling to pay for what I want.  I could not fathom why wine , brandy, OJ could not be put in a cup, shaked and served to me.  I wanted to talk to the manager (this is not my norm ever).

Manager came over and she listened, less than empathetically.  She constantly shook her head in fake agreement.  I expressed that I did not want the drink at this point and my dining experience was ruined BUT I really wanted to know the actual issue with making the drink.  She explained more jibberish but ultimately explained that the drink could be made and the server "did not understand what I was asking for".  

My conclusion of this horrific scene of a mixture of poor training, poor customer service, robot service and a server and bartender that was unable to use a mid level of thinking.  I was disgusted how I was treated.  Please don't undermine me and tell me that you don't have the ingredients when clearly you do.  

Signed, 
The only black customers on this fine Sunday evening
This wonderful establishment is located in Old City. 

Pros: 
-the decor in the place freaking rocks! Even the ceiling is decorated. The walls have all these vintage lucha libre pictures or masks hanging with a theme that is sort of "day of the dead". 
-the service is fast and friendly
-there are many types of seating: booth, outdoor, and tables with high chairs, don't forget actual bar seating
-full bar and beers on tap
-sweet Latin music blaring through the speakers
-Ordered a chicken quesadilla dinner plate and it was AWESOME

Cons:
-Michaleda wasn't that great :(
-their chips and salsa aren't free?! Not cool
I wasn't really impressed.

I ordered the crispy fish salad, which had too much citrus for my liking, and I thought the corn nuts did not go well in the salad.  I tried my special lady friend's avacado salad with wahoo fish, hers was a bit better, more thought out.  

The server seemed like she was new, and didn't really know what she was doing.  She seemed to get confused by our orders, didn't know which beer was which and just set them all down on the table, and the appitizer came out with the entrees.  I dislike when restaurants use food runners to bring out food and then you never see the server again.  I don't like asking the food runner for drinks or utensils but there was no one else around.
Merengue, Bachata, Salsa heaven!!  The DJ that played last night was amazing and the drinks were mixed well.  This is a place to go to learn, or dance the night away.  I'm from out of town, but would come back just to visit this spot!
I stopped in here last Friday for a happy hour margarita with a friend. I was very excited to see the decor in person, but was disappointed when we arrived. Yeah, they have the dark paint and skulls and purple lighting going in, but they would need about 10 times more stuff before it looked complete (in my opinion). Also, as soon as we walked in, the smell was pungent. It was the smell of a place that people had partied before... hard. It was the smell of spilled drinks and vomit covered up with sour detergents. If you have ever been to a nightclub in the daytime, you know what I'm talking about. Maybe under the cover of nightfall, this place is fine, but I just wanted a happy hour drink. Plus, I'm not one to go out in Old City...

The margarita was quite good, decently priced ($5 for HH) and the service was great. I really wanted to like this place a lot, but I can't foresee a time that I will ever return.
This past Sunday we walked into National Mechanics for a brunch 11 people, there was a wait  of an hour so the hostess offered their sister restaurant, Lucha Cartel, right down the street.  A group of 11 starving people were willing to try it out, what a mistake.  When we walked in the place was EMPTY, we should have turned around and left then.  There was a table open that could have accommodated us but they were going to make us wait for a 2 top to get up to seat us at a longer table.  Finally the decided to seat us at the open table. 

A few of us ordered a Bloody Mary and it was by far the worst I have ever, it tasted like poison.  We waited a good 40 minutes for our food, I get it, we were 11 people but like I said the restaurant was empty.  The food was terrible, the only things that were remotely OK were the quesadilla and the chicken sandwich (It is hard to mess up a quesadilla and chicken sandwich.)  My dish, the Huevos Veracruzano, was so horrible that I took two bites and refused to continue eating it.  The service was slow, it took entirely too long to get our check and then for the server to come back and pick it up.  

The entire experience was so bad my friends and I are still discussing it 24 hours later.  Needless to say, I will not be returning to Lucha Cartel and I would not recommend it to anyone.
Great location, terrible service. Walked in and asked the hostess if we could eat outside, and she looked at me like I was crazy and yelled NO. Ok, calm down, valid question on a May Saturday afternoon. After waiting ten minutes for our server to even greet us, she gave me the wrong margarita. When I brought it up to her she insisted that it was correct. Nope, sorry, I know what OJ tastes like (I'm from Florida). The margarita tasted exactly the same as my boyfriends. So either all the Margs are identical and the menu is BS, or she screwed up and couldn't admit it. I wasn't even able to order a new drink because she was MIA the entire meal.
I really wanted to like this place but the service was atrocious and completely ruined the vibe for a pleasant Saturday.
Great food, cheep prices and the atmosphere is unbeatable! I loved the Decor from the Mexican wrestlers to the Ladies of the dead or Muertas. So glad we stopped in! Will certainly come back. The servers n cook were super friendly & helpful.

Can't wait until they open for lunch!
the food here is amazing !!! super huge portions we could barely finish. prices on food and drink were very low and our bartender was so nice and very involved with his customers.
first off, the decor is very very cool.
i've been twice now, once for lunch and once for dinner.
we ordered the steak fajitas, citrus salad, guacamole, beef tongue tacos...
and something else..i forget...
it was all very good. the guacamole had just the right amount of acid, the salad wasn't globed with dressing, everybody enjoyed the food.... i wish i got more salsa tho...
i will definitely go back because the service was super fast for lunch.
The crispy wahoo fish tacos are basically the best thing happening in the world of Old City's Mexican cuisine options right now - and before you say "HOW much Mexican cuisine is really happening in Old City right now?" (I actually don't know..) but the crispy wahoo fish tacos trumps all. 

There is an array of vegan + gluten free options which made it a great place for my vegan/dabbling in GF living friends to dine at. The guac & roasted corn is next level and the homemade chips will make you forget any bagged Tostito you ever thought was a good idea.

The wait staff is amazing and very helpful when it comes to service & deciding which margarita (out of their plethora of options) to choose from when you're on the fence about how sweet you want to dabble your dosage of tequila (aka how sneakily dinner drunk you're looking to get).

The interior décor is amazing!
We were just here for a happy hour the other day but there were probably 12 of us in total. The orgnaizer didn't make a reservation, thinking we could hang around the bar but there wasn't a whole lot of room to do so. The staff at Lucha Cartel was very accomodating and set up some tables for our large group so we would have a place to hang out. The happy hour specials were pretty good (and even available on a Friday!) and I enjoyed a couple sangrias. Consensus on the margaritas was "good, but not amazing". I also woofed down some of that delicious guac too!
Disappointing. I really wanted to get the cactus burger when I went here, but it turns out that even their bread is non-vegan so I got mushroom tacos instead. They were very good but still had to be modified in order to be vegan. 

Cute place and a great location but I don't see myself coming back.
This place makes you feel like you're not in Philadelphia anymore. Waiters are very hospitable. Food is well made, but flavor profile is quite simple. Its not authentic Mexican food, but its quite good. The drinks are unique such as the pineapple jalapeño margarita which is delicious. If you're looking for a place to celebrate a birthday or hangout with a bunch of friends, this is a great option (no more than 10 people).  *P.S.* the special Hot Sauce here is spicy (comes in 3 parts rated 5/10, 8/10, 10/10 in spiciness)
Went here for Cinco de Mayo lunch today. Margaritas were tasty (sans the agave syrup) and the slow cooked beef tacos were on point. The spicy sauce was a a hit with my friends. The guacamole could have used a bit more lime, but overall very tasty and plenty of gluten free options. 

The patio was a great place to celebrate the holiday and another med school exam over! 

I'll be back!
Atmosphere- 4 star- I really like the inside gothy set up with Lucha Libre masks and a disco ball. There is cool artwork to chat about, I dig it inside. They have a small outdoor seating, booths and tables. The bar area seats about 15 people.

Food- 3- I wasn't a fan of my 4 crunchy shredded chicken tacos. It was pretty messy with grease. I really wish you could mix & match the tacos so that you wouldn't be stuck with 4 of the same type. The waitress told me that they are pretty strict on that though. 

My husband's pork sandwich was good though. He was pretty happy with the sauce and portion since it also came with fries. 

The chips and guacamole were average. It had a good lime kick. A pitcher of iced margaritas wasn't bad but it was flat because it's made with beer.

Price was over $40, meh.
Great ambiance. Average food. HORRIBLE service.

The place looks great. Nice atmosphere.

Beer was warm.

Saw our waitress only twice before we asked for our bill from the hostess. Had to order my second beer from the bus boy. The beer never came. Served our chips and salsa 15 min after we finished our meal but never gave us the guacamole that we ordered when we first came in.
I remember what this place was, and saw that it shut down.  When I saw that a mexican spot was going to open I looked forward to trying it.  

My mom and I walked down the other day, to check it out.  First of all the decor is really adorable.  They go off the day of the dead theme.  It's super cute and hip.  They also have some tables outside that are perfectly in the sun and make you want to instantly order a margarita.  

We didn't go to drink, we went for lunch.  This place, while mexican, is very vegan and veggie friendly.  Our waitress was VERY friendly.  I ordered the vegan soup option which almost tasted tomato based and had some type of corn in it.  I didn't know the soup by name and the waitress was super friendly and well versed on the ingredients.  My mom got  a veggie burrito.  We also got guacamole to share.  

The guac came out pretty quick and honestly tasted like it came from a grocery store.  Now, being fair, we do have some great places that serve amazing guacamole, but this stuff was just blah.  Next came the soup, which was ok, nothing amazing, and nothing bad either.

Then came my moms burrito.  It looked like something you could by pre packaged from wawa.  She took a couple of bites and then said it was just gross.  I got it to go so I could give it to my dog.  

I just saw a review of someone saying the food is "pretty great" I honestly can't understand who would have that point of view.  

However, I am not going to say that I'll never return.  I can totally see myself outside with some drinks.  I just will not eat there.  The bar has great character, I hope they improve their food.  

As a side note it's owned by the same people as National Mechanics.  This is really surprising, because they have it so together, you'd think this place would too.
I went here for my 21st birthday and the bartender was so SWEET and AWESOME. She gave me free shots and drinks!! Totally recommend this place for dancing and the bartender was a real MVP.
I'm glad I tried out this place for dinner and drinks the other night! I was honestly a little hesitant considering the current reviews about poor service, but luckily our server was attentive and friendly. 

We came during happy hour with a reservation just in case. I would recommend a reservation just so you can be sure you get a table, sometimes the restaurant is very busy. 

We ordered a few dishes on the happy hour menu with house margaritas. 

The prices were reasonable for happy hour (5$ margs) and the food came out hot and tasted delicious. 

Overall great experience, my only complaint was some dirty silverware and appetizer plates.
I've been here more than once. The space is really cool. I love the set up and the sort of dance floor. 

However that's where it ends for me. I've never had anything great to eat here. 

The fish tacos are what I had most recently and they were very underwhelming. For being a Mexican joint that's pretty bad. My friend got the chicken tacos. I asked him now they were. He says "Eh... I've had better." 
We shared the chips and salsa. Those were good. 

Wait staff is always great. So really all the stars go to the staff and the building. 

I will probably end up here again but it won't be my suggestion.
One star for lack of service and restaurant/bar cleanliness. Walked in and there was no hostess as stated in other reviews. Emily and I were told we'd need reservations, ok fair enough. We saw a sea of empty tables, and during our stay none of them were filled. 

To make our stay here extra enjoyable we were dishes menus on top of a sticky dirty bar top that was not wiped. We were not seen by anyone after that point. We got up grabbed our jackets and nobody seemed to care or take notice.

This is more dive bar than proper restaurant. Won't return for anything other than a night out close by to our flat.
I had been meaning to try this place for a long time. A friend and I finally checked it out for a happy hour and ended up staying for Free Salsa dancing! It was very very busy. The food was good, the drinks were okay and our server was very sweet but also very busy. They could have used a little more help but this was not her fault and she did a great job. Drinks seemed a bit watered down but maybe they sat for a bit before making it to our table. Pro tip: Know what you want when your server arrives because you may be waiting awhile if not.
Happy hour is good. They have $5 margaritas. But, I've seen cockroaches the past few times I've went.... don't order food.
I've been here before for salsa night so decided to return tonight.  Never going back! When we entered, my friend and I sat at the bar and were given two glasses of water. I ordered tacos and a margarita which were pretty good. Salsa lessons began and I had a great time.  Afterwards I returned to the bar to close out my tab and asked the bartender for a glass of water.  I was told that on salsa nights they aren't allowed to give glasses of water, only bottles and then he walked away. I paid my bill while upset and confused due to the fact that 1. I had been given a glass of water when I first got there, 2. My friend had been given 4 glasses of water as he sat at the bar during salsa lessons, 3. Other people at the bar had glasses of water, and 4. If this really were the case the bartender should've offered me a bottle and told me how much it would cost instead of walking away. 

As I walked to the door I asked the hostess if there were any reason why I wouldn't be allowed to have a glass of water,  and she said no. I then asked for a manager. As the bartender saw this he called me over and said he was a manager and so was the guy outside and they decided on the water bottle rule. He then proceeded to argue with me over the issue. I have never been denied a glass of water at a restaurant especially after dancing and sweating for an hour and already spending money there.  Needless to say I won't be back to Lucha and will find a new place to enjoy salsa dancing. 

Additional note: my friend noticed gnats at the bar and in the bathroom and smelled standing molding water while sitting at the bar.
The name's not funny, it's just exploitive as are the owners. Food was as terrible as the prices - $12 chips and guac. Had the nachos, they were gross. Avocado was frozen, there was squeezed mayo on their somehow.
Great tacos! I had the al pastor pork belly tacos and they tasted amazing. They came with pineapple and a creamy sauce, as well as hot sauce on the side. You get three per order and they're not that big, but packed with flavor. I also ordered the guac and chips which was decent but not something to brag about. Also not sure if this is the cost or they messed up but we ordered guac, chips, and pico on the side. The receipt had guac for $11 and then another $6 for pico and chips. If that is how much they charge, I would recommend skipping it. It was a little pricey but I would come back for those $14 tacos. 

The restaurant is decorated with lucha libre masks and has that Mexican feel to it. There's a large bar area as well as plenty of seating both indoor and outdoor. Lighting is pretty dim (hence my low quality food pics). Service was great and prompt.
Food is amazing. Drinks are great. Went there for cinco de mayo. The place was mobbed. Was told it would be a 30 min wait and aprox. 10 min later we where seated. The dessert menu is by far my fav. The dulce de leche cheese cake is amazing. There menu is vegetarian and vegan friendly. The staff is very friendly. Would deff.  visit again.
So suprised...! We walked around Olde City last night and wasn't sure what we felt like eating. The menu looked like your typical mexican spot but the food has so much flavor. We ordered but the food took a while so the brought out complimentary chips and salsa that was delish. We ordered Nachos to share and I was pleasanty suprised. I'm from the caribbean so I need action in my food and this had  it and tons of flavor. The guac was a little spicy and some might think its too much.  We also ordered the caramel de leche cheesecake that I liked but my hubby wasn't to impressed. I'll be back.
Happy hour is great here! Jalapeño margarita is great. The guac is one of the best I have had.
Awesome place. Awesome staff. Great place to go for food and drinks. It's even a cool bar to go to at night if you get a good crowd. 

Margaritas are BOMB
Good ambiance, prompt and attentive staff and brunch was fresh and delicious. A very nice spot, which probably gets hopping at night.
I gotta give it 5 stars ! Even though they lost our order and they brought the food like an hour after we arrived , they charged us only one of the burgers and let me tell you that chorizo burger was worth the wait! Amazing !
Went there on a Friday night which also happened to be "Day of the Dead." Very festive, total shit show. 

We did not get silverware, water, and the waitress came out after 45 minutes and said that our order got lost, then when our order came and it wasn't done the way I asked (I needed to have one thing removed because I have Celiac). It also took a good 15 minutes to get drinks. Everything required follow up, and my boyfriend commented that he thought he was on Candid Camera.

 We spoke to the people seated next to us, and they said that they had to beg for everything they got that night. The girl was eating the same thing that I ordered; I asked her if it was good and she sadly said no. 

The waitress was super sweet, apologetic and very flustered. She promised to take care of the whole tab. Then a man came to our table and said that only $50 would be taken off of our bill, and I told him what exactly happened, and then he disappeared. Then our waitress came back out and told us that there was a mistake (AGAIN), and that the man who spoke to us was supposed to go to another table.

Bottom line: we got a free dinner after 2 hrs of hell, most poorly managed place ever, don't go unless you're just grabbing a drink at the bar!!
This is a go-to lunch spot for me. Once or twice a week. Today? Sat at the bar for 15 minutes. Completely ignored with the exception of a menu tossed next to me.

There was another party of 4 or 5 folks so also gave up and left.

Not the first time this has happened either ... Shame
This place honestly has one of the best happy hours ever including food. Most places have only a select few items on happy hour menus, but this place has a decent amount that has variety. 

The margaritas aren't huge here but they are quite effective. 2-3 and you're ready to go. 
My favorite thing about this place is their dance nights ( Tuesdays are Salsa, Thursdays are bachata ). There's an instructor who teaches the basic and lets you practice with participating folks. It's really nice to see that people still go out to dance. After 9 there's another discounted menu for margaritas, normally like $5 which is quite lovely. 

The style of this restaurant is very tex-mex which is awesome because I am here for chips and guac, empanadas, and other staple dishes. I also enjoy the decor of the place as it is adorned with wrestler's mask all around.
Was very pleasantly surprised with our meal. Went for happy hour but ended up ordering mostly off of the dinner menu. Started with nachos with chicken. Very large portion, lots of chicken, delicious guac, melted cheese, very good starter. Margaritas were only $5 during happy hour and were strong and delicious. Had the chicken quesadilla for my entree, which came with a side of guac, poco de gallo, and crema. Good size, very fresh and tasted great.  Service was great and friendly though it was a quiet night. Will definitely be back again for happy hour.
Carlos is the bomb! Best bartender EVER!
I travel often for work, Carlos was very welcoming, friendly and informative about the area. He also mixes a mean drink with a great attitude.
After moving from Texas to NYC we have struggled to find a place that has good Mexican food and during our adventure to Philly over the weekend, we discovered this GEM! Such a trendy yet inviting setting with an outdoor patio out front then walking inside and being greeted by such delightful staff. 

We had a reservation but our table wasn't quite ready at the time we had arrived so we took a seat at the bar just to have drink while we waited. Our bartender was so friendly and was very good at his job, constantly had a smile in his face and was very helpful. Even made me a white sangria! (He mentioned the normally only do red) 

Once our table was ready we were greeted by another lovely staff member who was so friendly as well and very attentive. We didn't get her name but she did a fantastic job! I had the nachos and they were SO nice! Tasted real authentic just like Texas. My husband had the enchiladas and said they were best he has had as well since moving to east coast.

This place is an all round great place to go to. Don't be put off by the decor with all the weird faces around.

Highly recommend this place if you are in the area!
Came here on a Tuesday night and it was pretty busy, but service was still on point. Our waitress was great and friendly even tho she seemed to have a lot on her plate. Everything tasted great. Loved my pineapple jalapeño margarita, nachos luchas and al pastor tacos. Tried some of the fish tacos which were also delicious. Side note they have a great to go taco platter deal that a lot of my friends have been raving about!
The GF's parents stopped by this past October for a visit and after walking around the Old City area for a spell, we stopped by Lucha Cartel for some lunch. This particular location has had some high turnover rates over the past few years, but with nearby National Mechanics taking over, perhaps Lucha Cartel will have better luck. The decor is eclectically Mexican with Dia de los Muertos masks and luchador masks all around.

As a sister restaurant, they seem to use the same glassware as National Mechanics. And to satiate your spice needs, they've got several varieties of hot sauce on offer, including El Yucateco. 

Guacamole [$9]

We started off with the guac, which was creamy and had some queso fresco tossed on top. Still, it lacked flavor - I could not taste the lime or salt at all. A huge disc of fried tortilla was on top to offer some differing textures from the fresh-made chips. 

Lucha Nachos [$10] + Chicken [$4]
Chips, jalapenos, monterey jack, chihuahua cheese, pico de gallo, guacamole, crema

The GF went with the chicken nachos. This was hefty and easily fed all of us. Fresh tortilla chips provided the foundation for cheese, jalapenos, pico de gallo, and guac. Not bad if you're looking for an app to share with some drinks.

Chorizo Burger [$11]
Chorizo, angus beef, lettuce, tomato, onion, queso frito, avocado, pickle, fries

I went with the chorizo burger, which surprisingly wasn't overly greasy. There was a nice hit of salt from the queso and creaminess from the avocado. Still, the burger could have been juicier and I felt like something was missing. The accompanying fries were decent, but could have been crispier.

Overall, there are better Mexican offerings in the city - whether you're looking for in South Philly, Fairmount, or in Midtown Village. But if you're in Old City and you're craving some margs, nachos, and guac, Lucha Cartel has got you covered.
Love this place. Came here on a Saturday and they had a live dj that played great dance music. Their mojitos are very good and they made it by hand (no pre mixes). Drink prices are fair. I was told they specialize in their sangrias but I didn't try it. Came here in their first few weeks of opening so it was pretty dead but I still had a great time.
Nice place to get the evening started. Easy location, decent grub, cool servers, and good drinks. I'm all in!  We hit the happy hour and had some tasty food & drink specials.  
Tequila and Mezcal if you're going all in. They offered a variety of drink options. No pics but I had a slightly overpriced tequila flight followed by a few more tequilas and some empanadas. Someone ordered queso fundido (no pics I had a lot to drink) that took so long we forgot it was ordered.  I remember it as decent.  
I'll be back to check again.
Went here for dinner and was seated immediately. Our margaritas were weak, small, and overpriced. The menu was visually overwhelming . We received chips and dip while we waited. Never once did we receive plates, napkins, or silverware (we had to ask). I ordered the carnitas tacos. The presentation was beautiful but the pork was extremely fatty. There was a nice variety of things to add to the tacos. My date ordered the portobello mushroom quesadilla and enjoyed it. Overall, there are so many better places to eat Mexican food in the city.
I really love the food here, and am a huge fan of their sister restaurant (National Mechanics). They serve the cactus burger (vegetarian) which is my favorite. The cactus is so mild but has such a great texture. 

They also have great guacamole and chips, and many quesadillas. 

The atmosphere is just a little weird, and the service isn't always the greatest. It's kind of a dance floor with high tables set up. (The floor is for salsa lessons.) Since it's still new it also tends to be empty, but that means you should go if you want a place you can actually talk in, and not shout (which is one of the downsides to National Mechanics).
It was a pleasant experience from the moment I walked in last Sunday and saw the fabulous decor. The host was the sweetest one I have ever seen. She was so caring and made sure we were comfortable with our seat and had a friendly conversation with us. Our server was also very attentive and made sure we were always taken care of. I had the huevos benedictos and it was out of this world. Amazing food.
I was craving tacos last night, so my boyfriend suggested Lucha Cartel. We arrived to only a 10-15 minute wait on a Saturday evening around 7:30pm - not bad! The bar was practically empty so we sat at the bar rather than waiting. A few minutes later, the hostess said a table was available for us but we had already ordered drinks so we just stayed there.

We started with the guacamole, then I ordered the portobello soft-shelled tacos and he ordered the fish soft-shelled tacos. Everything was super delicious. As for the portion sizes that everyone complained about - yes, the tacos are small but that's what a taco is. If you want something larger, you need to order a burrito. Would be nice if they had a mix and match option so I could have tried all of the non-meat tacos at once but we quite enjoyed the fish and portobello ones. Guacamole was fresh and the tortilla chips were very crunchy and yummy.

Overall - super happy with our dinner. We finished almost everything and felt pleasantly full, not like we had overeaten. Two people with an appetizer and two taco entrees with one beer each was $43 - not bad! And our service at the bar was very speedy.
You have to try the mushroom empanadas paired with a sangria.  The decor in the restaurant is very funky-almost like a Mexican Tim Burton themed restaurant-make sure to check out all the different paintings and intricacies on the wall. 

The service and food quality is on point. I've been here probably 6 times and my experiences have always been very delightful. During my most recent visit, friends and I split the guac and nachos with grilled chicken. The portions were pretty big but we fully enjoyed every last chip. As you can see from my profile, I love nachos. I really like Lucha's nachos because the toppings were spread across all the chips and not just piled in the center. I very much appreciated this.

This place gets pretty hype during the bachata and salsa nights. My next visit will consist of consuming a house margarita and busting a move.
Went for Sunday brunch; five of us. We were the only ones in the restaurant at first, but you know how at some places when there aren't that many patrons you're inexplicably "invisible" to the wait staff?  That didn't happen here. Service was friendly and attentive without being overbearing. The brunch menu had something for everyone, and the items had a nice blend of fresh, traditional Mexican flavors. Everyone enjoyed their meals (and drinks) immensely. Fun atmosphere, great service, and good food and drink (nice draft beer list!)...definitely recommend it.
Yes. I'm all for this restaurant! Just got done watching the eagles at the Linc ( GO EAGLES) & my mom and he bestie wanted to take me to this restaurant. When I walked in I'm like so in love with the detail or the art and how well put together the place is. I'm glad we came in tonight because they were salsa dancing !! They will teach you to Salsa dance! It was so nice. The food is GREAT
