The place is small, just like it's menu. For such a small joint, there's a lot of character and heart that comes out! Especially in the food...

BEST MAC & CHEESE EVER. Hands down. I know my mac & cheese and this was absolutely perfect. First of all they used penne pasta. Very neat :) Excellent choice. Then the sauce was to die for... it wasn't really runny or too think. It just perfectly covered the penne, in yummy goodness :) The bread crumbs on top were key too. Kudos Lucky 13... Kudos... 

The deconstructed meatballs were quite awesome as well. You could tell the cook just balled them out and cooked them. Excellent flavoring and spices. The garlic bread, covered with mozzarella completed the meal. So tasty! My mouth is watering, writing this.

I'm definitely going to head back for some more of that mac & cheese & and try out the bar...

Decor gets a plus too ;)
13 is one of my favorite numbers (I feel that holding bad luck so closely can lead to good luck). So that was the first incentive for me to check out this place when I saw it listed in Philly Weekly. The second incentive was seeing the Sailor Jerry style tattooed women that was it's logo, and reading that they hooked up food like mushroom risotto and mac and cheese. I also liked the idea that it was another place to explore in Passyunk, and that it was more than a little bit punk rock. Just like me. I meant to go sooner, but sometimes I'm a total slacker :(

But my punk rock friend from Cleveland was visiting South Philly during the holidays and we needed a good bar to reminisce in. So I figured what could be better? And I found Lucky 13 to be a bar that more people need to know about. As soon as I walked in I was happy to hear Misfits blaring on the jukebox. But it was well rounded enough to offer Devo, Bowie, The Pixies, Weezer, Lou Reed and then some! The beer selection was perfect albeit a little more on the hoppy side of the spectrum, and they even hooked up a city wide special. If the Mushroom risotto didn't have a squash that tasted like sweet potatoes (one of my kryptonites!) it would have been one of the best I've ever had. next time I going to have to keep it simple with the comfort of mac and cheese and chicken wings.

So as long as 13 leads to good music, beer, and food than it might just be lucky for all of us. Now I'm going to have to go and rain on Jason's parade.
I've only been twice, but I really like Lucky 13. My first visit was several years ago for some drinks. Not sure why it took me so long to return but it was selected as our meeting place for Saturday night's shenanigans and it was just right. The bartender was friendly and fast with slinging our drinks. Several rounds ended up costing far less than I anticipated, a welcome respite in this world of fourteen dollar cocktails in which we live. 

The music was on point and just loud enough. The TVs were programmed to whatever games were taking place. The bathroom was clean and I especially liked the cool throwback photos adorning the walls (Bridget Bardot - meow!). I've heard the food is surprisingly delicious and I'm looking forward to seeing for myself next time.
Shitty experience again. ...only this time I almost smacked a  hipster patron who deicded that he was cool enough to ask/demand that my husband and I move to another table so that him and his pretentious party of douchebags could be more comfortable.

NOTE to idiots --- if you are going to ask me, *AFTER my meal is served* to move to another location to accomodate YOU and your friends who are merely drinking  those shitty craft beers ---you can at least offer me a bribed drink, or something ---besides a condescending attitude. EFF you.
This might be helpful to some. Although I identify as trans female and I am still in transition, this bar welcomed me with open arms.

It's not a palace. It's a corner bar. But a nice friendly and cozy little spot with a decent menu for drinks and food until midnight. They play decent music while they also offer music machine for a buck and a few songs.

It can be very busy on weekends. And can be slow on weekdays.. as I see.

Also in the day, they have seating for regular eating.
Polite staff..
I'll be back..
Nothing against everyone else's opinion, but REALLY? This place has an average of 4 stars? 

I really just don't get this place. It's just kind of there, to be perfectly honest. I've been here a handful of times thus far and never really felt a good vibe from it. The bar is on the smaller side, and I'm really not quite sure where this "stellar" beer list is. They have some gems, yes, but half the time they are out of the beer that I ask for and don't have a replacement. 

The staff is also lacking. Well, that's not really fair actually. I've only had one server there (the skinny, really pretty one) and she's just really not there at all, both in terms of her service and her knowledge of the product. Her manhattans were among the worst I've ever tasted and she was more focused on her male bar customers than me and my then-boyfriend. Not that I deserve all the attention, but I don't think going up to the bar to ask for the bill or a glass of water should be necessary when you are offering table service. I haven't been there since that incident so I have no idea if she's still there or not, but I'd be wary. 

The food is kind of alright. Everyone raves about their mac and cheese, which I haven't tried because I incorporate enough cheese in basically every meal as it is, but the food that I tasted was bland. The deconstructed meatball sandwich was basically a bowl of meatballs and sauce with a side of cheesy garlic bread. The meatballs were kind of bland so I didn't particularly enjoy it much, mostly because the cheesy garlic bread was the best part and I could've made that home for free. My ex had the tuna sandwich (I think?) and he also wasn't a fan. 

I really wanted to like this place when it first opened up, but I just can't. I think the only reason I would go back is because they have a Ms. Pac Man table becase really, who doesn't love a good game of Pac Man?
The food at Lucky 13 really was tasty. I wasn't sure what to expect - it's dark, they were playing Guns 'n' Roses which morphed into some speed metal eventually...I don't equate any of that necessarily with good eats. 

The beer choices were standard and tasty. They were better than standard but we're gettin spoiled now in this city! Had some great familiar local brews that hit the spot.

I got the smoked trout sandwich and it was huge and fresh tasting. Reminded me of whitefish a lot and I was a big fan of the potato salad which wasn't that gross mayonnaisey nonsense but full of pep and flavor and ...yum. My friend got something involving catfish which looked really impressive - it even had little crafish on top. Who knew?

I guess my only real complaint was the music. Luckly it changed when some kind dudes took over the jukebox. I didn't expect them to be playing the soundtrack to Les Mis or Celine Dion or anything but, loud thrashing hardcore speed metal whatever the hell it was isn't conducive to eating this lovely food and enjoying brews. It makes you want to throw your barstool at someone's head. I sensed the staff dug it but you gotta  think of your clientele too, friends. 

Service was nice, not awesome, but friendly and fine. I'll be back but I'll make sure to take control of the jukebox immediately.
*sigh* I really want to like this place. It's a cool punk rock bar that gravitates more towards metal and the classics. It's cramped, and parts of the kitchen are actually located IN the dining area which can be annoying. 

The food is just kinda meh. It's not as bad as fast food, but not as good as nearly any bar in the surrounding area. The main problem with the food is that it reads well on the menu, but when you see the plate you can tell that the person preparing has stopped giving a shit. The service, however, SUCKS. It's slow, pissy, grouchy, snarky, rude, inaccurate, etc. Just generally shitty. If you go for a drink and sit at a table, you'll be lucky to get two drinks before happy hour is over. Bar service is probably the better choice if you're just getting drinks. 

Music is great though. Lots of Danzig, Iron Maiden, and stuff like that.
Lucky 13 has been a consistent great time for us.  We went there a few times at first, just because the Cantina and the Pope had long table waits.  But now, we go there as our primary destination.  Their menu is really delicious, interesting and well flavored upscale pub food.  My favorite is the deconstructed meatball sandwich.  The mac and cheese, and the shoestring fries are also delish.  The staff has always been friendly and welcoming, and the crowd warm.
Did not enjoy myself on Sunday at all. Myself and a friend joined me for a few drinks near closing. I noticed that the bartender started to clean the bathrooms picking trash off the floor and take the trash out of the bathrooms. Then she never washed her hands and proceeded to go back and make drinks for customers. We will never return to the bar ever again.
Wow, it couldn't have been worse.  Go in, order a drink and get a side of douche for free!

Not again.
Some spots on Passyunk remind me of streets in Amsterdam for  some reason.  And if this place wasn't serving great beers and food, I would think I was about to grab some papers and get to work. Great semi dark interior, tv's for the games, dining area etc..I stopped in and met some friends to finish out a college game late Saturday afternoon and had a great time.  Perfect bar before dinner or add to your roster of nights of South Philly boozin..Clark the owner is a good guy and definitely seems to know the business well..Cheers!
I cannot for the life of me understand why people rave about this place.  (The somosas and mac & cheese are great, but that is about it.)

Sunday at brunch, however, reached a new low.  Upon entering, we were seated at a hightop with a bucket on the floor in the middle of the aisle passing our table..  The purpose of the bucket was to catch water dropping from the ceiling.  Anyone walking past us had to step over the bucket.  We could not be seated anywhere else because we were told we were too large of a party.  One of our guests had to be careful not to lean too far back or she would get wet.

As we were waiting for our "server" (although that phrase is too kind to describe her), a man came in, caught some of the drops of leaking water on his finger, smelled it, informed us it was not sewage and promptly left.

After the reast of our party arrived, a new leak developed and two of the guests had to position themselves so the leak would drop between them.  When the server noticed, she looked, shrugged her shoulders, and walked away.  I decided to simply rearrange our seating.  No employee made any attempt to help us.  They simply watched us.  I'm sure the arrangement I made violated the fire code, but then I think the bucket in the middle of the aisle violated both the fire and health codes.

As for the service, non-existent is the phrase that comes to mind.  Our waitress could only handle one task at a time (not one table at a time, but one task -- e.g., she couldn't remember all the drink orders and kept having to go back again and again for things she forget).  I have never seen anyone so incompetent.  

As for the food, well mediocre is the word here.  My scrambled eggs were good but  cold.  The toast was as hard and cold as a stone.  Someone's mac & cheese was good, but others hated their meals (the fresh blueberry scone, however, was excellent).

Bottom line -- why would anyone ever want to go here.
Pretty low key bar/restaurant in the heart of East Passyunk. Seems like it gets a lot of regulars, but not a ton of tourists. Small, but very good, beer list. Service has been great each time we have gone. Menu is pretty varied, and they have specials that change frequently. They offer a brunch, so if you can't get into your favorite spot, maybe try them out. If the brunch food is like the dinner food, then it's pretty reliable.
I was really in the mood for fries. Really just ready to eat the shit outta some delicious fries. Maybe if I wasn't having such a craving I would have liked their "shoestring style" fries. But they just tasted like potato chips and left me unsatisfied. My mac & cheese was really peppery but alright I guess. 

Food aside, Lucky 13 was a really sweet bar. Nice beer selection, great jukebox, good service. Small and loud and fun on a Friday night. I'd go back to drink there for sure.
I feel like this is one of those reviews that will be edited in the future, hopefully with more stars added.  I say this because I found the bar itself to be very comfortable and welcoming.  The dimly lit interior replete with framed photos of rock n roll icons made me feel like I was hanging out in someone's basement, which I adore.  In terms of a place to drink that is local, reasonably priced, has a good selection and is comfortable and friendly, Lucky 13 excels.  
         However on my first visit, I had the misfortune of ordering the "deconstructed meatball sandwich."   What I received was a healthy portion of rubbery, greasy orbs in a thin, salty broth that was without any zest or seasoning whatsoever served along side three slices of mediocre garlic bread.   The bread was okay, but the meatballs and broth were completely inedible.  I should note, however, that both of my companions enjoyed their meals, and the mac n cheese I tasted was decent, if lacking in pepper.
          Having said all that, I recognize that the place is pretty  new, and is sure to suffer some off nights and some growing pains as it establishes itself.  I will definitely return and try the food again and, baring a successful meal, I would certainly love to belly up to the bar here for a few beers if not to eat dinner.  What Lucky 13 has that is missing from many local places is heart.  The waitstaff and owner were extremely nice and talkative.  That alone is worth a return trip.
I'd give this place 3.5 stars rather than 4, but it gets a little extra credit for being so close to my house. This is where my boyfriend and I end up if we're too tired to cook on a weeknight and don't feel like walking three blocks to POPE, or where we spend an hour or two on a Saturday afternoon.

I appreciate the vegetarian and vegan stuff on the menu. My favorite sandwich is called the Dick Allen, which consists of chunks of firm tofu (baked, I think?) in goat cheese with cranberry sauce on a long roll. The mac and cheese is pretty good too, but it's so filling and the portion is huge, and so I usually don't get it because I can't bear to imagine how many calories it contains. 

The beer selection isn't great. There are usually just a handful on tap, and maybe two or three that are a decent ABV, but they have lots more in bottles. I have found the cocktails to be weak. I've fallen for their cocktail specials and I'm usually let down.

The music can be awful -- loud hardcore/metal at times. Other times it's not too bad. But when it's super annoying, we have actually gone to sit outside. Oh yeah, there are about four tables on the sidewalk, which can be nice in the warm weather. 

Despite its reputation as having a hipster crowd, I've found the clientele to be mixed, from neighborhood homeowners like me and my boyfriend, to older folks, to the young and tattooed. It's a pretty chill place, so you'll fit in no matter what.
Lucky 13 Pub.  It's great.  But it's special to people who grew up loving punk, tattoos, sailors, whisky, dive bars, studded belts, Black Flag, the Clash, Horror Movies, and Science Fiction

Its like if I kept all the bric-a-brac I always thought was cool, and then started a clubhouse.  Some reviews seem to indicate that they don't "get" the bar. If you don't like these things, it's not like you're left out of some inside joke, or excluded, it's just not your thing.  It's not like I "get" boom boom dance clubs or meat head bars.  They're different animals, and have different merits.  

So if you come in to Lucky's and think its weird, it aint no thang, you're just not on the same page.  

But anyway, onto the bar.  The food is good. It's filling, and comes out on time.  The beer is up my alley and reasonably priced.  The clientele is mixed, in a good way.  The service is friendly, and if you like pop culture, you're in the right place for a great discussion.  And the jukebox is stuffed with awesome punk, alternative, weird stuff to keep it interesting. 

A good way to describe this place: It would be great for a date. Especially if he or she was wearing a Misfits shirt on her match.com profile picture.
Look h8rs. I live what is essentially right over Lucky 13. And I love it.

Yes, it's dark. Yes, the bartenders can be cold to strangers. Yes, there's not much room. Yes, there are only five beers on tap, of which only one is usually good.

But, yes, they'll get to know you, and, yes, lo and behold Clark is an amazing guy. Yes, the menu is honest and the food just damn good. Yeah, they sell and fill growlers. Oh and, yes, it's the kind of place where sometimes when it's 2 am and you're just not ready to go home, the door locks but nothing else changes.

Lucky 13 is my corner bar. And I want to keep it that way.
Located a couple of 'hoods away from my own, I get the distinct feeling each time I come to Lucky 13 that I'm a somewhat-unwanted usurper invading someone else's neighborhood bar.  I understand and don't hold a grudge for that, but it's worth pointing out.

Seating is tight and not particularly comfortable.  The beer selection is decent and adequate.  The fried chicken and meatloaf dinners are VERY good.  Men will enjoy the "wallpaper" in the men's room, but the women I've gone with to Lucky 13 are a bit pissed about the fact that similar "accommodation" hasn't been grabted to them.  Gotta say I agree wit that sentiment:  Why not do the same for the ladies, Lucky 13?

On odd mix of hipsters and old-schoolers make up the clientele, but hey:  that's an accurate reflection of the area.

Thesis:  A decent enough place with its own particular and authentic vibe, but at the end of the day not special enough to be worth a trip for outsiders.
One of my go-to spots in the hood. It has great service and great food. I consider myself a lover of wings and they have some of the best in the city.
I went there when it first opened on one of the coldest nights this past winter. They pride themselves on a stellar beer selection and a cool, dark vibe. Jukebox went all night long with everything from the Buzzcocks to the late great Michael Jackson.

I was with a large group of people out for someone's birthday and wanted to order some snacks for the table. When I tried to order fries, I was surprised to hear that they didn't have a fryer. We ordered a shrimp dish, which was excellent, but fries would have been perfect. Hoping they have added that since.

Perfect addition to Passyunk Ave
My second time here and i liked it even more. I like the copper ceiling. I like how it's small and not too packed. $3 Kenzinger on tap. The men's room is covered with pictures of naked women. The juke box has the Stooges and Beach Boys. A dive-ish vibe but too clean and the lighting too perfect. The bartenders are nice. They'll even go along with the conversation when you think the beginning of 'the Mask' is 'Life Aquatic'. The first time i was there a dj was playing 60s garage rock records.
I dig Lucky 13, thanks to Jackie G. and Jason F. Clark is their friend and now he is mine too. He is a great bartender.  Also, Victoria is a great bartender too.  The food at Lucky 13 is also great. Because I'm trying to become anorexic these days, I had to split a salad with my friend, but it was really really good. That salad was the "Lucky 13" salad, and what a salad it is. Anyway, we watched most of the World Series here, and sadly, Clark is a Yankees fan. At least he wasn't a d*&k about it.
I am pretty certain this place has the best Fish and Chips in Philly! (Yes, even better than the Dandelion, and at half the cost!) The Fish and Chips comes with two large, house breaded fish pieces!! This is real, fluffy fish with a soft yet crunchy battered outside. The house fries here are waffle fries and super fresh! Sprinkled with seasoning. They also serve a banging fried chicken patty sandwich! Average entree prices were $14. Bathrooms have chalkboards and you can write fun messages!  Definitely will be back.
I've been here a couple times, and it's a pretty nice, hipster, neighborhood-appropriate spot. There's usually some PBC draft for about $3 and then a lot of other hoppy or spicy choices on up. 

I haven't tried the food here yet, but the menu looks pretty good. Whether you're looking for traditional wings, nachos and quesadillas, or "something more" like a veggie loaf, steak sandwich, or fishNchips, it's on their menu. I should really stop by here sometime and try a dinner entree! 

Not that I really visited it, but the men's restroom is rumored to be lined in pictures of naked women! The women's restroom isn't quite as exciting. 

If you're in the 'hood and need a beer, try this local little jawn.
What else do you need in a bar other than good drinks, good eats, and good people?

I love going here. It's the Food Gal and my go-to spot. 

Watching a Phils game and want to loaf around, imbibe a little while watching the best team of our lifetime? Luck's is the spot. 

Looking to swill in a bottomless glass on your own without being disturbed? Pull up a chair and talk to Faith or Clark. Or just be anti-social and drink yourself under the table. 

Late nite with a group of friends? Skip the POPE- go to Lucky's. The back is a great spot for just holing up with a few besties, drinking your fill and being a loud dumbass. 

Want a bite after work? Lucky's has some damn good food. Love the mac n cheese and deconstructed meatball. The cheese is mild, the penne is delic, and the breadcrumbs crunchy. 

Also, a fucking AWESOME punkrock jukebox. Definitely in the Top 5. 

One of my favorite spots in the wonderful City of Brotherly Love.
I came here during PBW's "Craft Beer Day" last weekend. I had previously tried their food at other events a few different times and always enjoyed it, but had never actually made it to the bar. During my visit, they had a DJ playing retro music and the vibe was mellow overall. Really nice.

My friend and I were able to grab two seats at the bar. She ordered nachos (they were good). I ordered two beers during my time there and each time I did, the bartender questioned me on my choices.

I assume it was because one of the beers was newly-released (Victory's Sour Monkey) and another was a stout and it's hot outside (I like stouts quite a bit and I don't drink by the seasons). She was really hesitant about the Sour Money -- even giving a sample of it first before a full glass. This was nice since I got more of it for the price and that beer is great.

I'd consider returning to Lucky 13 in the future for a casual day and to try more food.
I was just in here briefly, but found the place fairly impressive.  The beers on tap included that crazy Golden Monkey and a few other hipster friendly beers like Kenzinger and such (takeout available).  There's cool posters of Elvis Costello and the Specials and the Clash on the wall, and the jukebox is A+.  The menu seemed reasonable and tasty as well.  We only ordered the mac and cheese, but it was delicious and it helped ease the previous night's hangover. The bartenders are quite pretty- and if that doesn't suffice for eye candy, a trip to the men's room surely will.
I grabbed a few drinks here while waiting for my friends prior to the dinner nearby...it's not a typical bar that I would go to...but I loved the fact that bartender knows each customer by their first name...which made it very cozy...friendly crowd...next time if you are in the area, check it out...
Wings are awesome! Low key relaxed vibe- beers are a bit expensive though and I wish they had a better happy hour.
Eat Samosas, drink Kenzinger and relax because you can actually talk.  It's getting tough to just talk in a bar up in our nhood lately...so loud.  Solid jukebox and it's not too loud, great concept.  I think hipsters dig on insanely loud jukes b/c they don't really have anything interesting to say to anyone.  

Sit down and play Pac Man.  Finally.
Beer selection is varied and very well priced.  Everything I have eaten has been very good, but I really like the mac and cheese. Its more of a pasta in a rich white sauce than a traditional mac, but still very good. Also really like the fries. And Clark is so sweet and on top of refilling my beer and looks out for me if scary guys come sit near my while I am alone waiting for friends!
Just came in for quick drinks before a dinner reservation but really dug the vibe. Bartender was nice and drinks were cheap. Definitely keeping on my radar for the next time on Passyunk.
Very decent place for Sunday afternoon lounging...
Friendly bartender, $3 bloodys and mimosas...I didn't eat but some of our friends did and their brunch looks goooooooood. 
Not as an extensive beer selection as you can find elsewhere in the city, but if you serve Bell's, I'm instantly a fan.
Nice addition to the South Philly pub scene.  Good luck finding it if you're not used to the area...

The atmosphere is cool although a bit cramped at the bar.  Head for the tables in the back if you have a group.

The food is amazing.  At first, I doubted the many cuisine influences on the menu (Mexican, French, Italian, American, etc.); but I was sold after my first plate of merguez sausage & peppers style.  Merguez is one of my favorite foods: moroccan lamb sausage (I suspect they may make it themselves). But italian style with onions, peppers and gravy?  Well it's delicious !!! I had it again since ;)

I hope to hang at Lucky 13 more and try more of the international dishes soon.
Lucky 13 has some of the best nachos I have ever had. I can't really explain why they are good, but they somehow are. I've been here twice now, and if it wasn't such a far walk from my house, I would be here more often. The food is fairly inexpensive and yummy, the drinks are delicious, and the service is good. If you're in the neighborhood (or if you want some Cincinnati chili), it's a good place to grab a drink and a bite to eat.
This is an update from my last review just over a year ago... Why change a good thing?? Lucky 13 has always been my go to place but now.. not so much. They have done away with their awesome regular/sweet potato fries and now serve waffle fries which are better at Chick-fil-a... The music chosen for the evening was far from the norm.. rap where every other word was f this and f that.. I'm far from a prude, but I honestly could not wait to leave as it was really getting on my nerves. The nachos were nothing exciting.. Needless to say I won't be back any time soon...
wellll....man. i don't know. i kind of want to bump it up to 3-4 stars for the great dj, location, selection, and prices.

why only kind of? one of the worst waitress experiences i have ever had, that's why!

there were 3 of us, 2 drinking lager, 1 drinking bud. no crazy shots, nothing complicated at all....so why did it take a grillion years to get new drinks every time we ran dry? sure, it might have been because it was so very busy.

except it wasn't. there was our table, a 4-top next to us, and the DJ fellas.

funnily enough--the DJ fellas never ran outta hooch. LAME!!

i'll deffo be back, but i'll just sit at the bar next time, thusly saving myself from annoyance and shite service.
I've been there a couple times over the last month and I love this spot. The bartender Clark can make a drink and make you smile. The food is top notch. I recommend the deconstructed meatballs and the mac and cheese. a little tight but its South Philly. What do you expect? A+ for the mens room decor.
Love it. Great bar, great bartender, great food. And your bartender pridefully owns it after 20 plus years slavin' for the man. Great music, not too loud, but very cool.
I went there Sunday night and it was a great bar experience. The music was good, the service was great, and I tried out a drink that I've never heard of: whiskey, root, and simple syrup. It was one of the best drinks I've had. A great time.
Goodly food. Yummo beers. Nice staff. Sweet decor. All goods in my book, what else is there for me to add? I'm looking forward to going back, as it's near the overtly pricey Cantina but delicious enough for me to tide my Mexican food cravings with it's good down home cookin' and list of brews that leave me feeling frisky in no time.
The food is great. The beer selection is reasonable. The jukebox is awesome. Clark is a good guy. For the love of god I hate seeing a good bar being ruined by hipsters. Oh hipsters, go away. Isn't that why the POPE exists?
I have always loved Lucky 13 but went there for dinner recently again and thought I'd do a review. I always like the food there. Most recently broccoli cheddar appetizers and the mac and cheese with veggie bacon. Both were so good. I wanted to eat them forever, but contained myself sort of and got a doggie bag. They are always really nice, usually have good music on, good beer on tap, good cocktails, and you can almost always sit, even though I don't go to bars when they're really crowded anymore so I wouldn't know about Saturday at midnight. Lucky 13 is always an option when deciding where to grab a drink.
Do you like all of the following:

1. Nachos?
2. Misfits sing-a-longs?
3. Friendly waitresses who tolerate drunken mayhem?
4. Losing all track of time & space and stumbling out of a bar at 2am?

If you answered a hearty "YES!" to all of these questions, then Lucky 13 is the bar for you! Oh, Lucky 13, where would I and my merry band of weekend warriors be without you? We certainly wouldn't be filling our bellies with delicious homemade nachos, stacked to the heavens with cheese and toppings, soaking up the strong gin n' tonics, the shots of Wild Turkey, and the sea of Miller Lite that was created in our bellies and served by a waitstaff that not only tolerates our drunken antics, but also laughs at and occasionally participates in them. We wouldn't wake up with sore throats from punk rock sing-a-longs to The Misfits "Last Caress," which seems to be the siren song of Lucky 13, played each and every time my merry band of weekend warriors and I have graced a high-top table with our presence. We wouldn't mysteriously time-travel four hours, looking at each other with faces of drunken disappointment when the bartender announces "LAST CALL!", proclaiming with slurred speech, "But we just got here!" 

I've got somethin' to say!
I wanna drink at Lucky 13 today!
Your basic neighborhood dive bar, but the food really is excellent, and not even "for a bar". Wings specifically are awesome, the best i've had in Philadelphia.

Props
Ive been in this place once and i ordered the vegan wing ,they had nice flavor but they were little pieces and hardly any in the order ,i hope it was just an off day because i love vegan wings. Ill be back to try them one more time. Fingers crossed!
Lucky 13 Pub is a great small bar with great food! I have known Clark, the owner/bartender, for many years. he is one of the best serving drinks, knowledgable and great conversationlist. The Atmosphere is great from music, patrons and over all vibe. My food favorites are the Samosas, Deconstructed Meatball and the Mac n Cheese.  it's a great bar to hang with some friends, have some food and throwback some beers. Clark got my hooked on Arrogant Bastard Ale....
The Bread Pudding is the Bomb, I absolutely love it, staff is Cool, the owner Clark is the Best and so is Maureen the bar tender!!
Great selection of beer, friendly staff, yummy bites and great atmosphere!  I am very happy this is around the corner from me...it's a welcome neighborhood addition.
Maybe I'm showing my age but was here recently and the dj + music was deafening.  I mean deafening.  Asked the barkeep to turn it down, he obliged, but that didn't do much.  Is Lucky 13 turning into a hipster zone?  Uh oh, I think so.
Get the Hot Legs, say high to Clark, and enjoy! Good spot...nice compliment to the budding E. Passyunk bar scene.
They have vegan wings now!  Go now!

Also just overall an awesome, fun, late night spot with good bartenders and a mellow crowd.
A neighborhood bar with fun food specials and a great selection of beer on draft.
As of tonight, Lucky 13 is definitely one of my new favorite places. My first experience at this place was walking with a few friends in the hopes of grabbing some drinks. Didn't happen, we walked out.

This isn't entirely the kind of place you'd make a stop on a night of bar-hopping. Maybe, but I don't see it being entirely feasible.

Instead, it's definitely a spot to go for an absolutely fantastic dinner. Can't say the menu is extensive but what's on there is purely genius. From chicken curry and samosas to Mexican wild shrimp and the "deconstructed meatball." All I've tried thus far has been simply delicious- had the risotto du jour tonight which consisted of risotto with peppers, onions and sausage.

The beer menu is also good. I'm honestly just impressed with any bar that will not have your typical Coors, Bud and Miller on tap. That's just instantaneous points in my book.

The space is pretty tiny. Did notice a post-it behind the bar however, that surely indicates they'll take a reservation for an astonishingly large group of up to 13. Though, I'm sure that's probably for special cases. Furnishings and interior are modern and simple. The bar looks quite a bit older though.

It for some reason has this stigma of being a "Steelers" bar amongst some of my friends. However, I wouldn't even come close to considering this place a sports bar. There are two TVs by the front bar though.

Other notes: their mac 'n cheese is gouda and locatelli cheeses with herbed bread crumbs atop ziti. Can't wait to go and try their brunch as well.
After two tries I am just not a fan of Lucky Thirteen. 

Their beer list is good but on my last visit I tried two different draft beers that I typically like(lancaster cream ale and kenzinger) and they just tasted off.

I had a white bean veggie burger here a while ago and mac and cheese, both items were fine, but not super memorable.

The crowd is varied and relatively friendly.

I would suggest someone come here and decide if they like it on their own.
Clark is amazing.  Decent beer selection.  Solid Bloody Mary's at brunch.  Perfect neighborhood bar.  South Philly needed this magic.  I love unwinding/blacking out here.
Stopped in here for a Friday happy hour drink. Seems to be a " locals spot." Where else but South Philly are you going to find two guys at the end of the bar debating what order you should fry things in? (Turns out it's veggies first, then fish, then meat.) Anyway, the bar was pretty empty; I'm told that's an odd occurrence. For us, it was great. Just a laid back week-ending cocktail and the Phils game on the tv screen. My friend asked for something interesting and received a can of Old Chub Scotch Ale. My regular vodka sprite was at least what it should be (and honestly, I can't say that of everywhere). We split an order of crab spring rolls, which were plenty tasty, but set on a giant bed of wasted lettuce. 

Overall, Lucky 13 seems like it could be a good semi-regular alternative to the POPE once fall/winter weather hits (it's a bit warm otherwise). Lucky 13's a bit on the small-side, but to its credit, the hipster-to-normal person ratio is better. And points for the bartender for not minding that 3 of us sat for an extra hour and nerded out over cameras without really ordering anything else. Guess that's okay when you have toys on the top shelf of the bar instead of liquor.
Great little "hole in the wall" bar. The food was great and they have a nice selection of beer. The service was great and everyone seemed very friendly. The prices for the drinks were also very reasonable.
Lucky 13 is right on the money in every way! 

The first time I happened upon Lucky 13 was when my boyfriend and I were on our way home from a night out drinking with friends. It was late and not long after the place opened. We sidled up to the nearly-empty bar and met Clark, possibly the best bartender in the world. We watched Dr. Strangelove on dvd. It was odd, but wonderful- and since that first visit, I have never had a bad time at Lucky 13.  

Service is always quick and with a smile- even when it's crowded. 

The beer is inexpensive and of a good variety. They have a rotating selection of microbrew bottles and such, but I always stick with Kenzinger, unless I'm feeling fancy and decide to go with a Victory Prima Pils. 

The crowd who hangs out there is non-pretentious, friendly, and diverse. If you're sitting at the bar, don't be afraid to strike up a conversation- you won't be disappointed with the characters you will meet!

I particularly enjoy the food. The Ace of Spades is a great vegetarian pick. So are the samosas and the macaroni and cheese. A while back, they were serving shoestring fries- delicious, if a bit awkward to eat. Like the rotating beer selection, there are always a few specials on the board. 

Honestly, I can't say it enough- this is a great bar for every occasion. It's good for groups, it's a fun casual date, and it's perfect for watching Phillies games. The prices are great and the service is second to none. You will NOT be disappointed!
Great place! We loved the Carribbean Jerk and Fire wings. The bartender was really nice, and the crowd in the bar is super friendly. Great spot to chat with regulars and pretend you have friends !
Passyunk is becoming more popular, which means more pretentious, this place is not.  Great, ever changing draft selection, for the right price. The food is fantastic Ben, Meg & Blaze always add a little love to the meal. The mac-n-cheese is off the hook, I almost OD'ed on the deconstructed meatball. Feel free to complement or give them feed back, they are real people that like what they do. I love going to a bar and having the bartender suggest beers, I'm picky.  They all know their drinks, on top of being very attractive, and Clark's the Man. Best Bar in South Philly.
Spotluck pointed us in the direction of this place. I couldn't be happier. The food was amazing. The broccoli cheese bites were excellent, I can never look at the crappy freezer ones the same again. So much flavor  the food was great and the servers and the atmosphere were great, not super packed on a Friday night and not jam packed with crappy food. Small menu that they do amazingly. Can't wait to go back.
Divey bar with divey crowd in So Philly

Located in area filled with other bars and places to go

Stopped here after dinner just for a drink.  Good beer selection and prompt service.

Would prob try some of the other places in the area before returning to this place.
This is a great bar! Daily specials are awesome. The owner is a peach, the bartenders are friendly (Mandy is our favorite, but they are all lovely) - nice atmosphere, good food, good music & a nice crowd of regulars. What more could ya ask for? Nothing. There's nothing more. That's the answer. Okay thank you goodbye
Just moved to the area, have been here twice now. Great and friendly service each time I've been there. 

First time, my sister and I ordered some drinks, wings and waffle fries. Would highly recommend the wings and waffle fries. I thought the beer selection was odd but not in a bad way. The place definitely has a more divey feel, but the beer options were not your typical choices, which was kinda cool.

Second time, didnt gave any food, but still fast and friendly service.
Fantastic bar!!! This is my go to for the following:
1)  great beer selection, 

2) THE BEST WINGS IN SOUTH PHILLY!!!!!

3) the staff is great (everyone I have dealt with)

4) most importantly; the vibe and cliental are great. 

This is a must try for anyone who is in town or visiting from our of town.
