A burger with Mac and Cheese on it?   What the fuck?  These burgers are off the hizzy.  

Lucky's Last Chance is not a mere Brotherly Love attraction, but, quite simply, the 7th Wonder of the World.  Sorry, Taj Mahal, you didn't make the cut.
I see other reviewers trying to tell this place to stop being so awesome-sauce'm.  Inane heresy.  If you are weary of craft beer and main street fries, see a therapist.  Tell them that the moonlight sonata is overplayed.  

Yes, that's the type of reputation Lucky's has, and it is well-deserved.  Now, queue Round Up by Sam Spence and pass the Buffalo Chicken Mac n' Cheese.
Friends and I hit Lucky's one Sunday morning recently when we were out on a bike ride. The outside tables along the side of the restaurant were nearly all full, so we were stuck grabbing the least desirable one in the back, which was on a bit of an angle and downwind from the dumpsters. Pandemic times, am I right? We were nonetheless happy to have a table to fit our group, and the staff who took care of us were great. 

Brunch goers won't have many options here, because Lucky's is all about the burgers, dogs and fried things. There is a brunch burger that has an egg, if that's your jam. All burgers come as juniors or standards, and I loved having that option! I went with a junior classic (american cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato, onion) and a side of fries for just two bucks more. This was the perfect amount of food and I felt like I was able to indulge without going overboard. Also, shout out to the bun, which was light but sturdy enough to keep everything together. A truly excellent burger!

My brother and SIL used to live by the Lucky's in Queen Village and it was their go-to spot. Now I see why! Looking forward to more bike rides with burger rewards in my future.
If you're looking for a solid burger, run to Lucky's. This restaurant is one of the best in Main Street Manayunk, from their food to their service, they do everything right!

It took me a couple of visits before I got the courage to order their infamous peanut butter, jelly, and bacon burger because let's be honest it sounds so strange. But I'm so glad I finally did. It's now my go-to item on their menu full of many, many other delicious options. In my opinion, it definitely deserves all of its awards. It's served on a crispy brioche-like bun, strips of bacon, slathered in melty peanut butter with a side of homemade jelly. Who knew peanut butter and jelly would taste so good on a burger?

All of their other burgers are solid choices as well. They have quite a few options to suit many palettes. I've also tried their tater tots which are superb.-- served cripsy and hot just like any potato should be. 

The servers and bartenders are amazing people. Everyone I've encountered here is always super friendly, there's absolutely nothing I could complain about.
I knew I had to check out Lucky's Last Chance after exploring their menu and discovering their creative burger selections.

After reviewing the menu. My heart was set on this one particular burger called the PB and bacon.Yupp peanut butter on a burger! I knew that I would probably like it because I enjoy sweet and salty food combinations.

The PB and bacon burger came with a double patty, it had peanut butter, fried onions, cheese and a jelly dip on the side. It was definitely delicious and huge. I enjoyed every bit of my burger. 

I also decided to order their fries and I don't know why I did that cause it was a complete waste. The fries tasted like it set under the light too long which I can't understand cause order and pick up took no longer than 20 minutes . It was just stale and tasteless. I was a little bummed about that being as tho fries are my ish!

Overall pickup and ordering was a breeze. I would order from Lucky's Last Chance. I just wouldn't get their fries again. Three and a half yelps!
Heroin.  Crack.  Weed.  Meth.  The list of controlled substances just grew by one with the addition of Lucky's Cajun chicken mac & cheese.  Mac & cheese should already be available only by prescription, meted out by doctor's orders to those who are dangerously thin.  However, Lucky's takes it a frightening step further with the smooth, creamy cheese amped up with some Cajun kick.  With one hit making you an addict, I now lay awake at night, jonesin'.

As if this new addiction is not enough, I also became hooked on this evil hamburger that included pulled pork, cole slaw, and barbecue sauce.  Washed down with three different draft beers, I was in this altered state, sort of like William Hurt but without the transformation into an australopithicine.

So, this review comes with a warning.  If you are easily swayed by well written, bland Yelp reviews that describe bridges and airports, look elsewhere.  But if you like a walk on the wild side, and care not for your coronary health, then check out Lucky's.  The disheveled loner in the corner scarfing down mac & cheese will be me.  Stay away.
I don't give out "5 Stars" that often, but when I do, it's because they have excelled in everything they do. Pretty safe for me to say it's nothing but hitting that sweet spot on the bat with nothing but out of the park home-runs with L.L.C..  I also want to give a shout out to my homeboy and fellow "Elite" Jared J. for introducing this spot to me. We met up for some drinks, with a great meal, followed by with some great conversations that evening.

This is a spot that needs to be visited more frequently on my part I feel. What is there not to like about this spot, I dare you to find something. The bar is in check, the food is on point, the service is there making sure you are fully accommodated. Lucky's last chance should be on everybody's "Bucket List".  Their location is pretty much money, this is where you want to be at with a constant flow of traffic. 

The Goods:
1st~ Their unbelievably amazing unique menu that will have you either say "Seriously" or "Really" I mean who would have thought that  peanut butter and jelly would work so good on a burger. Yea folks, I said it peanut butter and jelly  with both being made in house would be a perfect concoction of deliciousness.  It's called the PB & Bacon, yea and there is bacon on this bad boy. My mouth is watering as I am remembering  what I had experienced with my taste buds went into full tilt mode.

2nd~ Their fries is also banging, I went with or well Ashley actually did me a solid with these fries, a perfect compliment to my burger. I recommend their "Cheese Amigos Fries" for the win. These guys put shredded Asiago & Cheddar over top of it while it is  smothered in their own special cheese sauce. UNREAL! I had to go all caps on that one folks, it's just that good. I also perused their menu and had noticed they have different types of mac and cheese. Who doesn't love mac and cheese? There are a few I would like to try, and the one that caught my eye was their Bacon and Tomato. Their menu is ridiculously crazy, with eye catching, mouthwatering dishes that will have you doing the happy dance. Seriously this just makes you  wants to go outside and smack someone ,that's how sick it is. 

3rd~ The liquor and fine crafts for anyone to choose from is simply phenomenal. Their well known drinks have a great taste to it, not over powering , but it will sneak up on you. LLC also   
have a rotating craft selection so you are not stuck with the same old choices. Not that there is nothing wrong with that, I mean I was pleased with my drafts along with bottle selections. 

4th~ They have 2 floors , if the first floor is blown out , make your way upstairs. These guys set up another full bar with tables and chairs so everyone get enjoy themselves. Plus the bartenders are all on point, a great crew back there making sure everyone is satisfied.
 
The Bad:
1st~ NOTHING... there is nothing negative I have to say about Lucky's, these guys make you want to come back.  

This is literally another one of those "Gems"  you can find  in the 'Yunk (Manayunk for those who are not from this area)
There's no time for babbling, and live a little. Go to Lucky's Last Chance. There are some good frankfurters and burgers to try & to love. Whatever your burger of choice, Lucky's Last Chance got something that will suits it -- just mix things up, and don't be afraid to be adventurous! 

Who said that peanut butter is only good for PB&J sandwiches?! 
Has anyone ever heard of Peanut Butter and Jelly BURGER?  Neither have I. 
One of their wackiest and most creative burgers is the 2013 Philly burger brawl winner : PB & Bacon burger.  I've tried the burger, without Bacon, topped with creamy peanut butter and american cheese on a butter toasted Luscious roll and a side of Grape Jelly. It was no joke! 
If you are nuts for peanuts, this burger is for you, with some overpowering Peanut Butter flavor. 

Seriously, give it a try.
Four and Half Yelps.
Burgers, tots, and good beers are just some of my favorite things, and because of all of that, I had this multi-time Philly Burger Brawl winner on my radar for quite a while now. And whether you like your burgers classic and simple or fully loaded with diverse ingredients, you'll find at least 3 that appeal to you.

Despite only tasting this fact out and confirming it a couple of times during Covid-19 life, I've known it earlier as walking by both their Manayunk and South Philly locations have left me salivating in the past, especially when I read about their award-winning burgers like the Pickle Monster. But even when sitting outside in their alleyway and not being able to catch much of the interior I've gotten a great vibe about the place and its offerings. Even more so now that they've added a bunch of nice wooden picnic tables to their outdoor seating area.

Their beer list is one that includes a lot of great locals and some well-rounded craft beers on tap, and for bottles you'll find a respectful range that goes from Coors Banquet to Founders KBS. But they also have a good cocktail list that has featured boozy hot chocolates in winter, pouches to go, and specials like Dark and Stormy Fridays.

The main event at Lucky's is by far the food whether you like burgers or not. But if you do like burgers know that even their junior-sized one is pretty huge and their standard-sized is ABSOLUTELY EPIC! One other thing I like about them is their partnerships with other local food businesses like Deke's Barbecue, Liscio's Bakery, and Pierogie Kitchen to make a lot of their burger and other masterpieces possible.

For burgers so far I've enjoyed the following:

My Boy Bleu: The closest one that I had to a "basic burger" wasn't all that basic since it was topped off with crumbled blue cheese and onion strings with a tomato on top. But it didn't take too much to make it one of the most mouth-watering burgers that I've had!

Gorgonzilla: mushrooms and bacon might just be my 2 top favorite burger toppings that aren't cheese. But when you make those mushrooms cremini and add creamy crumbly gorgonzola with a garlic aioli you create something that's an epic win!

PB & Bacon: The 3rd time that I ever had a burger with peanut butter and jelly was a must-try since it's a 3x Philly Burger Brawl winner. and that combo with bacon and American cheese delivered one hell of a decadent smackdown.

During my visits, I also indulged upon epic old bay cheese fries, and tots that were cheesy and garlicky in all the right places. Add in epic-sounding hot dogs, veggie burgers, and multiple mac and cheese options, and there's plenty to enjoy!
Lucky's Last Chance is a really cool place existing in two locations in Philly - Manayunk & Queen Village.  Because it is so much closer for me, the Manayunk branch is the one I patronize.  Besides its cool ambiance, vintage tiles, great bar, and friendly staff, Lucky's is known for its Hot Dogs.  Okay - coming from Vienna where all these wursts and wieners  began hundreds of years ago and they are still today meatier and spicier in the Austrian capital, hot dogs aren't a given for me.  But I can say that Lucky's does use a quality hot dog and their original one called the Coney with chili added is one of the best I have eaten in America.  Now I really do like a flavorful Pennsylvania Pepper Hash so I thought I would try their Sergeant Pepper dog but I was disappointed because there was so little tasty pepper hash on it. Please increase the quantity of pepper hash and I bet it would  be full of gusto too.  But Lucky's is a classic saloon on cool Manayunk's Main Street and if you're just meeting up with friends for a beer, you can't go wrong.  But I would order a Coney Hot Dog as well!
You wanna know a good time to go? M-TH on the earlier end of happy hour (I got there just after 6). If you don't know when to go to Manayunk, I cannot help you 'cause I'm too grown to go anywhere near that place once the sun sets on a weekend. I just have too much sense. Or maybe not enough patience. Or a chauffeur... 

Anywho, my friend and I headed upstairs and were seated immediately by the coolest, most laidback server who had our drinks before us in less than 2 minutes. Heeeeeeeeey!

I was never thirsty. I cannot tell you what sweet, sweet freedom this gives me to have myself a good time. And I am here to tell you, I puts the O_o in good time, m'kay?

Once you're a few sips in, be sure to enjoy oglin' the burger menu. Chirren! I love a place that ain't skeered to get zany with burger toppings. Of course the thing about zany burger combos is that the burger part has to be perfection. And I'm just delighted to tell you that somebody's hands of glory patted all sorts of delicious juiciness into the patties on my standard El Guapo burger. Props to my server (whose name escapes me. blame it on the dranks and a food coma) for helping me narrow down my greediness...I mean, my choices.

Let me ask you something... 

You ever be out with someone and y'all chattin' it up furiously and then the food comes and you keep chattin' while you prep your burger, ketchup your fries and such? But then you take one bite of said burger and then another and then another and suddenly you realize you've totally been ignoring your dinner partner because it's just been you and this burger slow dancin' in a burnin' room of nomnom?! Yeaaaaah. That happened. To both of us.

So good. Did I mention I was NEVER THIRSTY?! I don't know so much about the last chance of it all, but you shoal will get lucky if you stop in here--damn tasty food and mighty fine service.
I LOVED Lucky's Last Chance. We came for dinner on a Monday night around 6:30, and it was busier than we had expected. Also, Main Street Manayunk was super busy, so we parked farther down Main Street and walked. There's not a lot of outdoor space so be prepared to wait or be comfortable sitting inside. Still, we got seating right away upstairs and the restaurant was still abiding by COVID regulations by spacing tables apart. Service was super fast from sitting down and ordering, getting our food, asking for ketchup, through paying and leaving. 

The two of us ordered an order of garlic tater tots, onion strings, a pickle monster burger, and the famous PB burger. The onion strings were fantastic. They're skinny because they're strings, not rings, so make sure you are not expecting rings. They were so crispy and we got such a huge portion even though we only ordered the smaller size. The tots were good- crunchy, garlicky, cheesy, but nothing extraordinary. I might try another type of more smothered tots next time.

The burgers were both fantastic. Both were juicy and seasoned extremely well. The PB is a much try and the homemade jelly is just sweet enough. I would have a blast trying all the burgers on the menu (and coming back for grilled cheese Monday!) Also- Lucky's is priced SO reasonably for big burgers. You'd pay upwards $20 for one of these in CC but they range from $11-15 here. I ordered a junior, and it was enough for me with the tots and onion strings.

Can't wait to be back!
It is pretty awesome of Lucky's to set-up an entire on-line ordering system just so I can get my burger fix during COVID quarantine. Ok, I'll let you use it too!  Seriously, on-line ordering is another great aspect of Lucky's Last Chance.

Prior to COVID quarantine, Lucky's had become my go-to spot on main street.  Great food and drinks, friendly service, and anything else you can ask for from a bar.

The food - its burgers and dogs but also brunch!  They feature a burger of the month. At the end of the year, the favorite of that year challenges another for a permanent spot on the menu.  The pickle monster, my personal favorite, earned its spot this year.  Remember, you can get any of their burgers as a veggie burger option and adding a side of tots is the way to go.
Lucky's took over the old Yunkers.  While they may not have classed up the appearance, they certainly worked some magic in the kitchen.  The burgers are some of the best on main street.

They have carried over some of Yunkers great drink specials and added a few of their own.  Check out the Friday night specials, like dirt cheap pitchers of long island ice teas.  And fyi, I've never had to pay a cover.
It's a good thing I don't live in Manayunk (or Philadelphia in general...) because I would be a regular at Lucky's and weigh a million pounds.

A little dive, a little pub, a little bit of every casual place you can probably think of. Service was  friendly, ambiance is the right amount of rowdy, and well, their food...

On deck: Mak Attack and jalapeno cheese tots. So. Much. Cheese. But hey, I put this upon myself, and I am totally OK with it. If I were to die by food, drowning in cheese is up there.

A freaking great juicy burger overall, except I do think their mac could be seasoned just a tad more. It might have been the fresh jalapenos numbing my mouth, but a dash a la Salt Bae would have made the burger perfect. Even without it, I'm a huge fan.

Everything on the menu sounds pretty damn good to me, so I most definitely would return to try something else. Their champion burgers, runner up hot dogs, all the tots...endless choices.

Heads up: Lucky's is first and foremost a bar, so maybe leave the kiddos at home.
This weekend I decided to try Lucky's in the hope of having a great beer & burger.  I was very satisfied with both.  Food is inexpensive.  They have a small but good craft beer draft list.  We tried the Blue cheese burger and the burger stuffed with cheese and bacon.  So yummy!  Not so sure about the club on the second floor but I'd recommend it for anyone looking to grab a bite to eat and a couple drinks during the day.
Lucky's Last Chance is a pub type of atmosphere to eat, drink, & hangout.

Manayunk had the strip so beautifully decorated with Christmas lights during the holiday season. 

It's challenging to find street parking but I found a spot. Paid for meter parking through the meterUP app. 

I ordered the Slick Ricky drink which the description says, "split it with your mom" lol. Since I drove, I ordered a very light cocktail. Also, I felt like trying a different sort of burger and ordered their PB & Bacon Burger (the description states it won awards). I went for their junior burger (one patty) that has peanut butter, jelly on the side, cheese, and bacon w/ a side of tots. The burger was okay and the jelly gave it a sweeter taste.
My first time at Lucky's, but it won't be my last. I have to practice discipline with pictures because I'm always ready to eat, and this was no exception. 

First, let me acknowledge that the staff are acknowledging social distancing and doing what they can to keep you safe (masks, social distanced seating, sanitizer pumps along the bar, clean pens etc.). I sat indoors with my partner and we weren't near the next table. I also noticed that when a 6th person came to eat, he was offered outdoor dining, so they're adhering to capacity rules. 

I ordered the special burger for the day, the Rage'in Cajun, a beef patty topped with caramelized onions, andouille sausage, a slightly spicy remoulade, and I believe cheddar cheese (I opted out because of dietary issues). You can order burgers in standard (two patties) or junior (one patty); I ordered mine in junior. The burger was FLAVORFUL, juicy, and just the right size. My only concern was there might be too much sausage (and not practical to eat), but it was sliced thin (discs)--smart! I ordered a side of plain tater tots (they don't come with) that were perfectly crisp, light, and salted...if you have tots, I'm sold! I had a side of habanero Mayo with them--YUM. My partner ordered the bacon cheese burger that comes with onion strings. He devoured it before I could get details. Whoops. 

It's a dive-bar setting, and I feel like pre-Covid it was a fun place to hang out on a Friday night. I wish I would have gotten my server's name, he was attentive without being overbearing, funny and personable without being extra.
Lucky's is somewhere between a dive bar, a diner, and a pub. The ambiance was casual and crowded on a Friday night.

We ordered the garlic butter fries. The fries well-executed. Very crisp crinkle cut exterior with a soft and starchy bite throughout. The flavor profile leaned a bit heavily towards the garlic without much butter flavor. The fries were shrouded in Asiago cheese. This provided a welcome respite the harshness of the garlic.

For my main course I had the Mak Attack burger: two 1/4 lb patties on a Kaiser roll with Mac and cheese. The burger was pleasant. The "buttered" roll wasn't very buttery. It was a hybrid of a brioche (without the shiny crust) and a Kaiser roll (it was softer than Kaiser.) 

The server did not ask how I'd like it cooked. This concerns me. The patties were tasty in a frozen jimmy dean sort of way. The meat blend tasted more like a frozen style burger. I guess it's hard to temp control patties that are only 3/8 of an inch thick.

I am not sold on putting the pasta on the burger. The flavor was not intense enough to justify the added wheat based gut bomb. It ends up tasting like added bread to the sandwich. 

This was a good meal. I think Lucky's could step it up by improving their burger preparations by adding a fresher blend, smash-grilling the meat, intensifying the Mac and cheese with more salt and a proprietary spice blend, and switching to a brioche bun. I would come here again if they made those changes or if I happened to be hungry within a 100m vicinity.
Oops.. didn't realize this was still a draft. Great. Now I'm craving a burger smothered in Mac n cheese at 6 in the morning 

So let me start by saying I already had some stellar brussel sprouts over on South St at Milkboy on this fine and frigid Saturday. AND we had initially planned on visiting Tired Hands to end the night. So needless to say, Lucky's had some high standards to live up to. But when the day was getting late, and my buddy wanted a burger close to home.. well I had to deliver, and Lucky's sure pulled through. 

Ugh. I've had takeout from here before, and I thought that was incredible to begin with, but nothing beats a fresh burger and tots. I went with the pulled pork burger (from Deke's apparently, with a mustard bbq sauce and coleslaw atop the savory meat) and my friends ordered the standard and junior Mac attack. Welp. They both declared they were the best burgers they'd ever consumed. I think that about sums it up. My only gripe is their beer pricing. Literally nothing on tap is what I would consider reasonable.. and beers and burgers go together like well, me and bikes. Trust me, I'll be back, just maybe during HH or after grabbing a brew elsewhere first (not as fun).
When I think to myself "whats the best thing about this place"? I know the answer almost immediately. It's not the delicious food, it's not the wide selection of fancy drinks, it's gotta be something I noticed about the workers. The answer is their top notch beards, so thick and full, full of life! facial hair is frowned upon in certain uptight conformist corporations, But at this place, sick beards are a rite of passage. It Does not matter if the person is working the door, barbacking, bartending or managing, there are amazing beards doing it.
 I myself am Beard-disabled. It has just never been in the cards for me. My fuzzy Blondes (A barber once called them platinum colored) are thin and weak and barely existent. So when I stroll in, It's like walking into a "how to be a fucking man" museum and I admire them from my seat at the bar and order two fancy drinks in copper cups with a side of big fat juicy meat sandwich. for that brief moment in time, I have hope, That one day I can know what it's like to just open my door and scream to the world " HEY WORLD, I'M GOING TO CHOP DOWN A TREE AND BUILD A COFFEE TABLE TODAY, OR MAYBE I'LL KILL A DEER, AND EAT IT". But until that day, you can find me at Lucky's, surrounded by fantastic thick and dense beards.
So just happened upon this place while driving through manayunk. What a treat! Had the crispy onion ring and the dipping sauce was amazingballs. Also the garlic fries. We had the buffalo Mac and cheese  and I can't wait to come back to try the others. Now the burger.  That was the real treat. One of the best burgers I've ever had. It was juicy and amazing in all ways. I will be back to try more burgers  until I've had them all. The staff was great and helpful answered our questions and kept a cold one in front of us.
Went to Philly for the day with the family, needed a place where everyone could eat happily and the Euros were on....BOOM .. this is the place we found. Number 1... Amazing burgers with great toppings and gluten free buns, that alone would do it for me. But there are also uber delicious fries with cheese and spicy seasoning that you can't get enough of.... But we aren't done, then there is the house selection of beers, they have a little for everyone. Wife had a cocktail... Another homerun. And as a bonus... Yes the Euros were on and there were some soccer fans there to make it even more enjoyable. My only regret? I live 90 minutes away, but now i have a resin to go to Philly more often.
And... Staff was very friendly and attentive.
Is anybody actually tasting the burger when they write their review? I've had better quality meat at a fast food place. The burger menu consists of many creative options, but the beef is flavorless and terrible quality. My mind is blown that this place has so many good reviews. The beer list is great and somehow a 9.3% beer actually only cost  $6.50 but I can't give a good review when the burgers at McDonalds have more flavor.
Lucky's is my most recent discovery in Manayunk--I finally managed to come out after years of my friends telling me how much I would like it. Boy, were they right. The antique tile floors and wooden ceiling fans make this place look like it's straight out of the fifties--totally my style.

The beer list is very crafty and changes almost completely every time that I visit. Beers are pricey for Manayunk, but they are also not that watered-down slosh that bros enough drinking, so I am okay with paying a premium for a brew. Lucky's also makes a bangin' burger; I am specifically thinking of the bacon, egg, and cheese, which is a little salty but is also served on a kaiser roll. Pure heaven. You can't go wrong with the fries, either--although they are krinkle-cut (my least favorite kind), the crinkles hold the glorious toppings really well. Try the garlic fries or the cheese amigos and you won't be disappointed. 

During their happy hour, they usually feature one of their beer drafts for $4 a pint, which is a great deal! Even though it is the farthest Manayunk bar from my home, I love hitting this place up and it is fast becoming my favorite bar in the 'Yunk.
Finally tried this place a few months ago! 
My SO and his two friends joined me. They had all been before but this was my first time. 

To start they have a great drink menu and also great weekly deals. I think I got most of my drinks for under $6 but overall prices were fair for their drafts etc. And the variety was great- all the different preferences at your table will be met. We were lucky to get a table for 4 at 7:00 on a Friday as it became packed quickly afterward.

I ordered a simple burger, the guys all went for the more creative burgers including the Mac attack and the one with dekes
BBQ on it. I tried a bite of a few and they were all very tasty! Juicy burgers with great flavor and the buns did get soggy. We shared the crispy onion rings and garlic fries which were both great. The onion rings are those super thin stringy ones and came with a delicious spicy dip.

Our waitress was great and checked on us regularly! We will be back next time we have a burger craving.
I'm a yunker - i have lived here for almost a decade and I have to say, throughout the years, my favorite place has been Tonic, then Yunkers, now Lucky's! 

The burgers are unique and delicious and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable on the beer & food menu.  The new decor looks amazing and totally changes whole atmosphere.  This isnt' your drunk college kid bar and I LOVE THAT!
Great burger spot! They always have interesting specials, but my go to is the peanut butter and jelly burger.
My friends were raving about the PB&J Burger at Lucky's and my first impression was "ew PBJ on a burger?!?!"  Little did I know, it was surprisingly a great combo!

We went on a Saturday evening, so there was ~20-30 minute wait for a party of 4. It is a fairly small place with very few tables on the first floor and a bit more on the second floor. There is a bar on both levels as well, so we sat at the bar as we waited for a table.

We ordered the PBJ & Burger, Cajun Mac and cheese, tots, and the Mac attack burger. The PBJ burger is definitely a really good combo and it has bacon as well, the jelly comes on the side and home made - it tasted better than any jelly I've had! The tots & mac was also very delicious but I thought the Mac attack was only ok after tasting the PBJ burger. 

There are also a number of drink selections and specials throughout the week as well! I definitely would recommend this place - but definitely try the PBJ burger!
Number of visits: One.

I wouldn't normally give a business five stars after only one visit, but I have to give it to Lucky's. The only time I went there, the food was impressive, the service was great, and I left wanting a lot more. Their menu seems interesting with different choices of burgers, fries, and tots, and they have a bar in place.

I ordered the Mak Attack which blew me away with its cheesy macaroni stuffed in a succulent burger. Brilliant. I've never eaten anything like it (5 / 5). My girlfriend and I agreed on the beer of the day (can't recall the name, hit me over the head) and it went down smooth without much of a bitter aftertaste (5 / 5). The garlic fries, which had shredded cheese on top, didn't seem garlicky enough for someone who loves garlic. They were crunchy, each piece pleasing, but it wasn't extraordinary. I should've tried one of the tots instead (3.5 / 5).

Lucky's was one of the highlights during my visit to Philadelphia from New York City. It was dark inside, and noisy with the Pennsylvanians sitting around us and college football on the television in front of me. I felt relaxed eating here, beer in hand. When I left, I shook my server's hand emphatically. He was most gracious and amiable, to us and to all the tables he served. And so...

Five stars... I loved this place. Will I return? If only I lived next door, I would, no doubt, frequently.
In town for business and looking for a nice unpretentious spot to relax and enjoy a craft beer or two?  Or, if you are a local to the area and have never been to Lucky's, you're missing out.

Great beers on tap.  Great beers in bottles/cans.  Strong cocktails with generous pours.  Heck, even the food menu is legit.  From the looks of the other tables food orders, it's a few notches above the standard for bar food.

Parking seems like it could be an issue.  However, I came on a week night, and found a metered spot right out front.  Place is clean, has a nice size bar and tables.  Staff is very friendly and the bartender has an extensive knowledge of beers.  FWIW, the bathrooms are very clean also!

I would definitely come back to Lucky's the next time I have business out here.

Enjoy!
I love Lucky's and have spent many enjoyable afternoons and evenings here. It does not pretend to be anything other than what it is-a bar that specializes in drinks, burgers and hot dogs. 

It's a 2 story affair and I have sat upstairs and downstairs; both are fine. Somewhat noisy, so don't take your significant other here if you are going to propose or if you need to have an intimate chat. The noise level never gets to be deafening but again-this is a bar so caveat emptor.

The drinks (my stand by-Dark and Stormy) are well poured and reasonably priced and my buddy JH assures me the beers, bottled and on tap, are always top notch and good. I have tried none of the dogs and most of the burgers and have never had a bad meal. The burgers are not pretending to be gourmet, grass fed or anything else-they're just filling, tasty burgers. I recommend getting an order of the onion strings with any burger; you will not regret it. They also offer several versions of tater tots and if JH and I are at Lucky's for just a few drinks, we get one or two orders of tots to keep our blood sugar up. 

We have never had bad service here. The servers and 'tenders are always pleasant, prompt with getting us another drink, ketchup, extra napkins, another plate or anything else that an eating and drinking pair might need. As busy as it gets, we have never been rushed out of our seats. 

If you are looking for the likes of Kensington Quarters for burgers, then go to Fishtown. If you just want a place to sit and catch up with your mates while you have a some decent potables and a calorie bomb burger in amiable surroundings, the very unpretentious Lucky's Last Chance is the place for you.
We swung by Lucky's on a recent VERY hot day walking around Manayunk. I've heard rave reviews about Lucky's from a number of friends and we were excited to try the burgers and hot dogs.

We were there around 1pm on a Saturday, so they were still serving their brunch menu (no hot dogs). 

My boyfriend and I opted to keep it simple and go for a Classic Burger (Standard), and it did not disappoint. The other burger options looked appealing (including the one of the specials, which had pierogis) but looked too heavy for a long, hot day.

We also shared some Tots, the 'Good Ol' kind, loaded with slaw and bbq pulled pork. They were delicious - crispy and loaded with meaty goodness.

Service was relaxed and it was a cool (literally) respite during the heatwave. Need to come back and check out the other offerings!
Best burger I've had in a while. I intended the junior (single patty) version, but forgot to ask.  I finished the double and tots with no trouble.  The jalapeños inspired an IPA. Not too hot, but enough the tongue needs extinguishing every few minutes. 

Best part is the food  was perfectly cooked at 11:30pm.  Most grill lines tap out mentally before then.  The tots were fresh and crispy.  The burger was a perfect medium well. 

Can't wait to go back for a different burger and tot combo.
This place was empty when I came here for a first date. The food was decent and I had a good experience. There is some outdoor seating available as well, a larger group could fit there. 
I got the peanut butter and jelly burger and it did not disappoint. Of course, I had tater tots on the side- who doesn't like fried potatoes?
Okay okay, so I'm a sucker for a burger and fried potatoes, but Lucky's is definitely worth the trek all the way out to Manayunk. Lucky's has a huge variety of burgers, from mac and cheese topped to peanut butter and jelly. All of the ones that I have tried have been great, from the fancy varieties to the no nonsense cheeseburger. Many of them come in a smaller size so that you have extra stomach space for their tater tots. I'm a firm believer that tots are the perfect form of potato with all of their crispy edges and soft insides, and Lucky's has my favorites in the whole city. I'm partial to the garlic butter, but you can't go wrong with any of their combinations. If you have a burger craving, Lucky's Last Chance is the place to hit up!
I was so happy I stumbled upon Lucky's Last Chance and we have now been to both locations. It is just a good energy in there. You can tell that there is a good camaraderie between the staff members and the people that work there seem to genuinely enjoy their jobs. Great selection of inventive and delicious mixed drinks as well as a nice selection of beers. I loved all of the comfort food options! No complaints here. Thanks Lucky's Last Chance - see you soon.
What an awesome little place hidden away! Man o man- the BURGERS! Holy hell- try the burgers! They had a handful on tap but the treasures were in the cans for the brews here! The Bloody Mary was a little spicy for me but I'm sure it'll hit the spot for someone else. The hamburgers, did I mention the hamburgers?  Get the brunch burger! Woah- game changer! An epic cooked to perfection egg on top of a piping hot cooked to perfection patty and then BACON and Cheese?? Yeah- it was amazing! It's a Must try!  All in all this place was great, friendly and fun atmosphere for watching a football game. The staff was super nice and extremely hospitable! Portions are good size and affordable. 
I'll definitely remember this place the next time I come into town!
I wish I could give 5 starts as this would strictly be for the server. Started great, prompt service, drinks right away, ect...
Downhill from there. Order was never received by the kitchen and we waited about 20 minutes before the sever informed us. She apologized and put a rush on the food. Start with the fries, CRINKLE CUT . We selling frozen fries in 2021...bland, tasteless and no seasoning. Pointless!!!

Burger...Gorgonzilla, meat not seasoned, overloaded with cheese and super greasy. Lucky's wasn't so Lucky
With great pride, after having found Lucky's, I admit to not only dating a fine lad from off Ridge Ave but Lucky's will now be the only bar I go. 

Damn, can we get a minute to talk about the PB&J/bacon burger? The layers of beef, with creamy peanut butter, complimented by crispy bacon and grape jam really invoke feelings of your first summer camping trip. Drinking cheap beer in the woods and making power foods. Well, this super food exists and  everything else on the menu is of that caliber. Except the fries but I like my fries BURNT. 

Thank you, wonderful bartender Francis Bacon, for not laughing at me doing a seductive 'Dance of the Pumpkin Beer' dance. PUMPKIN BEEEEEEEER.
We've been here a couple of times, but we had some friends visiting and were looking for a "brunch" meal.
     Good comfort food. I had the hot chicken biscuit which was awesome. Slightly sweet and spicy, but you're not picking that up with your hands. Biscuit was nice and flaky. Tots were good, though the texture wasn't what you'd normally expect. A lot of fine ground sausage, so it was quite heavy and dense. Great and friendly service as well.
I ordered takeout here during covid and was pleased with whole ordering experience. I ordered online and it was ready for pickup within 20 minutes. The employee who gave me my food was very friendly and was wearing a mask. 

Mak Attack: Burger with Mac & cheese. I had high expectations for this and was slightly disappointed. The burger was slightly dry and the mac & cheese wasn't anything special. I wish there was more mac & cheese on the burger. The crispy bun was the best part about this burger. 

PB & Bacon: Burger with bacon, peanut butter and a side of jelly. It's definitely different but it's not an award winning burger in my opinion. I love PB&J but it wasn't enjoyable on a burger. The homemade jelly was delicious though on its own. 

Blueberry Lemonade: Pouch drink with tequila. It was really good and stronger than I expected so no complaints here! 

Overall, I was disappointed in the burgers and didn't think they were worth $11.50.
We've been to Lucky's twice since moving to the area, but I must have missed writing a review the first time.  Luckily I discovered a new veg-friendly tip during my second visit; the vegetarian patty can be served up in any style on the menu (though to be fair, there's only a few that actually sound tasty).  This time, though, I got the veg patty on a mexican-style bun complete with guacamole, so I was satisfied. 

The sides are the real stars for me here; the fries and onion strings are super delicious (in that really terrible for you way). The draft beer selection is also impressive, and we've found brand new to us treats to try each time. 

There's a weird thing going on here where the host kinda stands outside and directs your where to go, but I don't hate the street-level greeting.  The staff also has impressive memories and keeps track of everyone without writing things down, so props to this crew.
I live in New Jersey and I've been driving here on a weekly basis strictly for their food.

 It's actually that good. 

Must Order: 
- Deadwood
- Mak Attack
- Junkyard tots 

If you follow my instructions, prepare yourself for the best dining experience of your life, and gaining 10 lbs... but it's worth it. Between the chill atmosphere, friendly staff and surprisingly wide selection of hard ciders you could easily kill an afternoon here. Definitely my favorite burger place, hands down.
If all you 're going to serve is burger and dogs, you SHOULD at least be great at it.  There is a nice, reasonable beer selection, and the service was affable.  If you are going to a beer bar, this would probably be four stars.. Bet after reading a stellar hot dog review in the local paper, we decided to try the grub.  We arrived on a 100F Saturday afternoon at 12:30 or so, so the place had just opened and was dead empty.  They did not have ice tea, which my wide requested (hey, the recipe is pretty simple .. happy to share it..)  Wife ordered a chili dog (which was decent..  New England buttered roll, and a long skinny grilled wiener (like a less garclicky Hebrew National.  No natural casing  or anything... It was the New England roll that put this at a higher level..  I ordered a burger (the Bleue) and I guess it was my fault for not specifying medium rare, but the twin patties arrived pretty gray on a nondescript roll. most of the flavor came from the salty onion straws which crunchified the texture.  onion straws as a side were OK.  Crinkle cut fries were generic frozen, out-of-the bag store-brand variety.  The garlic butter gave them a LITTLE flavor, but they were not crisp, and surprisingly (since we waited about a half an hour for our order) served almost lukewarm (with a sprinkle of grated Parmesan that didn't even begin to melt.)   As this was a ten-dollar burger (many of the other ones climbing into the 14 buck range) I couldn't help consider what $11 gets you at Village Whiskey.
 
To sum, probably a great beer bar, where a dog is a nice bar snack. Would not make this a lunch destination.
Came in here on a sunday and had the peanut butter and jelly bacon cheeseburger and was expecting to hate it and it was very good I was extremely surprised!!! the price wasnt bad either.The jelly is served on the side which is good.Came back again and had the juicy lucy burger and it was also great so I would recommend this place to burger lovers everywhere
This is more of a 3.5-star review. I really enjoyed this place, but apparently, so did a group of house flies. It took a lot of coordination to eat while flailing my arm wildly around to keep some very persistent flies away from my food. One even landed on my burger as it was entering my mouth, and I almost inhaled it. 

That being said, they have a great beer selection and a nice upstairs dining area. There are bars on both the first and second floor. Apparently, this place is known for its mac n' cheese, but we went with burgers and a side of tater tots. Our burgers of choice were the greek burger and the classic burger. We were hungry, so we opted for the standard size, which consists of 2 4-oz patties. Both burgers were tasty. Although the burger patties themselves were a bit more well-done than I'm used to, the toppings seemed fresh and the burger buns were probably the best I've had. My classic burger even had cheese and bacon between the patties. 

Among their selection of tater tots, we chose the good ol' tots, which came with smoked pulled pork, BBQ, and cole slaw. The tots were a bit on the greasy side (as if they did not drain the oil from them before adding the toppings), but the toppings were spot on. It's a very creative and delicious take on tots. 

Overall, despite the flies buzzing around, I think this is a very laid back place and great for grabbing beer with friends while munching on some good comfort food.
A longtime denizen of Manayunk, it's generally tough for new places to make it onto my favorite-places list. Lucky's has done just this, and so I highly recommend trying it. 

Three things make Lucky's awesome:

1) the people -- we love stopping by to chat with the with bartender, who's a super nice, chill dude

2) the beer -- always a good selection, with like 10 taps or so that turn over quickly. They even had my current fav beer (Springhouse Gruesome Chocolate Peanut Butter) on tap for awhile

3) the food -- the burgers and the hot dogs (which make up most of the menu) are really good. I had, but would not recommend the Inferno burger, which is made with ghost chili extract. The problem is that the essence of ghost chili's, while certainly giving the ultra heat that some of us love, don't taste super good. I'd recommend any of the other burgers, though. Also, try a hot dog with jalapenos. 

So if you're in the neighborhood, definitely check this place out.
I had the greek burger and it was absolutely amazing. I normally don't go for unique burgers but I decided to give this a shot. It definitely exceeded my expectations. They also have other great selections of loaded tots, fries, and mac & cheese. A little out of the Philadelphia main area but worth the trip. 
*They card at the door.
Man this place is packed and popular. I definitely recommend going after brunch hours. It was pretty hard for my friend and me to find sitting. The food here is delicious and wonderful and miles away from being healthy. If you're looking for a side salad to go with your meal, you won't find that here. Instead you will be served with unique burgers that will blow your taste buds away. 

I've tried 4 of their burgers so far, my favorites are the joocy lucy and the mak attack. The joocy lucy takes longer to prepare so if you're hungry and want less wait time I would recommend getting the mak attack. The mak attack has mac and cheese in the burger. The cheese is wonderful and brings a great taste to the meal.

Lucky's is a good place to grab a drink with friends. The atmosphere is friendly and welcoming. It's a loud place, so you'll need to speak up to be heard.
Really good burgers.  I usually get the 
Juicy Lucy.  The craft beer selection is very good as well.  Knowledgeable staff.
Dude. Just go here. Whether you dine there (I haven't since COVID but I hear they're doing safe things and it was soooo fun back in the Great Before) or order takeout the service is amazing, staff are friendly and the food is stupid good. Got the blue burger with crispy onions and a side of Mac. The prices are ridiculously cheap for how much food they cram into your little to-go bag. Like a burger that would be $23 in cc is $10.50 here. Take advantage and tip these lovely staff members alright! So thankful for this place, hits the spot every time.
Best burgers in town with very friendly staff. 

Awesome place to take the fam or grab a bev with a Bro.
I absolutely LOVE this restaurant. I have been more times than I can count, and have thoroughly worked my way through their menu. 

Their selection of burgers are off the chain, and so creatively crafted. There are options for those who are more adventurous (like my personal fav - their Peanut Butter & Jelly burger) or you can just try a stacked burger like their bacon cheddar cheeseburger. 

On top of that, they have delicious hot dogs and fries - again made with all differents toppings. Just a totally elevated experience for simple diner-style meals. 

They always have great beer selections as well. 

Something that I would list as a must try is their garlic & butter fries - OH MY GOSH! Super rich and savory, and a great versatile side for any of the sandwiches.
I came here because of the rave reviews and it turns out they were right! This was one of my favorite meals during my stay in Philly. We came on a late Sunday morning. I ordered the buffalo chicken burger with a side of classic tater tots. The shredded buffalo chicken that comes on top of the burger is perfect. Our waitress was nice and the price was good. If I lived in the area, I'd be a regular and work my way through the menu. Everything sounded delicious!
We came here accidentally! We had planned to go to a nearby restaurant that was under renovation when we arrived. It was raining so we darted in to luckys. They have a really great brunch menu. Its not lengthy but covers all of the bases with some fun extras like cinnamon roll pancakes- too bad they were out ): I don't normally get sausage gravy-but I saw another table with it and went for it. Awesome! As well as the tots- crisped to perfection. We also had a few rounds of mimosas. The price was just about what you would expect. I would come back for sure.
The BEST burgers in Philadelphia! Seriously, if you are in the area you need to stop here. Expect it to be fairly busy when you visit because it is a popular spot among manayunk locals. The atmosphere is casual and fun, and the bartenders are always friendly. I've stopped in by myself to place a takeout order more than I'd like to admit and the bartenders will always chat with me. They also have a great craft beer selection. 

Okay, now the food...Everything from the burgers to the mac and cheese is delicious. My go-to is the incomparable bacon cheddar burger with a side of jalapeño cheese tots. The burger is always cooked perfectly and extremely flavorful. My brother's fav is the PB&J burger...I know it sounds weird but trust me, it's amazing! You really can't go wrong with anything you order from Lucky's.
My boy Lawrence and I have this thing we do where we always show each other whenever we discover a place that makes a really good burger. One day I took him to a bar near where I live, telling him the burgers were the bomb diggity. (I'm writing this review from the past, by the way. It's 1996 and it's still cool to say things like "the bomb diggity")

He said the burger was good, but he found a place that was dope as hell, and they made burgers that made this burger look wiggity wack by comparison. He brought me to Lucky's and I had the Mac and cheese burger. I looked him in the eye and said, "This burger sucks.... NOT!" and we put on our Charlotte Hornets Starter jackets and went home. I've since brought family and friends to share in the glory of their wonderful burgers and dogs whenever possible.

The Good Ol' Dog is the single best hotdog I've ever had in my life. At first, I thought a hotdog would never be worth more than like five bucks tops, but that was before I tried Lucky's. Spend the money, get the dog. Holy Jesus. Banger.
I am desperate to come back here for dinner because I want to eat all of their burgers. But I was here for brunch and I loved it. It's hard to find like NORMAL BRUNCH especially in manayunk. Everything is complicated and fancy and expensive. (UGH! Can't a girl get some pancakes and eggs or something??) I enjoyed Luckys brunch because it was creative spins on classics and reasonably prices (include alchy) I got banana foster French toast and a manmosa. (I'll overlook the taxonomy of that beverage bc I really want to keep going back)
I enjoy Lucky's; it's a cute little bar on main street I've been going to for many years, through many reincarnations.

Lucky's only has a few negatives for me, and they're all either personal preferences or things that are only negative on occasion.

I've usually had a very good time there, but there are times when I haven't. A lot of the negative has to do with the set-up and the environment. It's a small bar, and it's long and skinny on the first floor. It makes it super difficult to hang out if you don't have a barstool, and even more difficult to try and walk by all the people hanging by the wall in order to get to the bathroom in the back. And because it's a Manayunk establishment, it's often packed with 21 year olds who can be loud and obnoxious. However, Lucky's does a great job of catering to an older, and slightly more mature crowd such as myself. :) 

The bartenders are great. Doug and Genevieve are often there taking care of me, and they both do a fantastic job tending bar. The beer menu is constantly rotating and has some great selections. The bartenders that I've encountered have always been really knowledgeable with the list as well. Lucky's has also been doing some really cool things with their menu, trying to out-do themselves on creativity all the time. Unfortunately, I always go there after dinner and have never tried anything! But you should. 

They also feature live music and DJs occasionally, so it's a fun time. When kildares is packed, definitely check out Lucky's next door.
My husband and I were visiting Philly and thanks to my amazing fellow yelpers I was fortunate to visit Lucky's last Chance.  I was equally fortunate to be there for grilled cheese Monday!  Wow!!!  So I started with an xtra-spicey Bloody Mary(see photo).  Then I had a French Dip grilled cheese sandwich and some homemade onion straws!   My husband had the jalapeño cheddar bacon grilled cheese. It was delicious as well!  We had amazing service!  Our food was temperature hot - which is important- and the prices are great!  Our total bill was less than $50.  I was the Lucky one here!  This is a must the next time we visit Philly!  Thank you guys for being so awesome!
This place is insanely good. They stick to burgers and dogs for the most part!  It's a casual joint kind of old but cool!   Their saying is "be nice or leave" got to love that!  The only thing is on weekends you get a brunch menu that doesn't have dogs or all the burgers until later!   Happy on my day off we were able to explore the good ole dog, mak attack burger and Cubano.  Delish!  Not healthy but damn good!!    So worth it !
Lucky's last chance is a small burger bar on main Street in manayunk. The buyers are always really good and we typically get them with the hashbrowns which are really good as well. I was a little disappointed with the krinkle fries that we ordered this time however. They were soft and mushy. My fiance and I prefer out fries to be crispy which these fries were not. The hash browns are great though. They are always crispy and we'll seasoned. The burger I got was a special burger and not a regular item. This was chorizo burger with spinach and a garlic aoli on a lettuce wrap. Besides the lettuce wrap not being very fresh, the burger was really good. I would definitely order it again, but maybe just commit all the way to the cheat and order it with a bun next time lol.
PBJ Burger is different but sooo good. A must order.
Visited this restaurant on Saturday afternoon 1/26/19 at the end of a small brewery sponsored event on Cotton. (not a ton of people). Seated quicker than expected. From there service was abysmal. Four different servers brought us everything from napkins to food to check. no one checked to see if we needed more drinks, if food was okay.. nothing. The burgers were good. The rolls and meat were fresh. The thin sliced onion rings were dripping in grease and undercooked. Had we seen staff, we would have returned them. Finally as an Uber was arriving in a couple of minutes, I had to bring the check up to the bar myself.
In terms of food, Tator Tots are where they shine. They have a vast variety of them and they are all interesting sounding. From what we had, they were good, i can't recall what we ordered specifically, but whatever we ordered were good.

I had the pb bacon burger. It's a weird concept but oddly works. The reason i gave this place 3 stars was that i felt like the burger was over cooked. If you take that and combine it with the chunky pb spread, it gave the sensation that the meat was dried to the point that it was hard. The best aspect is that the jelly comes on the side, this way you can put on the sweet aspect of the savory burger at your own pace.
Yum.  This place knows their burgers. 

I got one called the Pickle Monster.  It was spectacular. Too bad it was a limited run, but if they put back on the menu, I highly recommend.  

Good area.   Good drink specials 
I will definitely go back.  
Will probably try one of the hot dogs, if they are anywhere as good as the burgers.
Perfectly buttery buns with richly flavorful burger combinations and an equally high quality of burger whether you dine in the alley or carry out. Can't decide which I love best: the Pickle Monster, the Gorgonzilla, or the Bacon, Egg, and Cheese. You basically can't go wrong here, and the service is always friendly and efficient, even in COVID times. Main Street Tots or Fries make a nice complement to their burgers and you can get some great draft beers and mixed drinks (even to carry out, if you order directly from their website). I've tried a lot of high quality burgers but this is the one that keeps me coming back.
Great meal here.  Gorgonzilla burger was excellent.  Onion strings were light and tasty.  Dark and Stormy went down so well I had to try another ($5 special Fridays).
Absolutely delicious burgers! Hubby had PB Bacon wifey had jr bacon & cheddar. Hot, juicy, dripping with goodness umami bomb burgers! And the Main St Tater tots have the most perfect crunch, light brown as a perfect Tater tot should be, cheese sauce with little kick..nom nom  

Looking forward to return visit to try more!!
I came here with one of my female friends and we had a good time. I ordered the chili and cheese hotdog and ate almost all of it. It came wrapped in a buttered sourdough slice of bread, which was a nice touch. 

I ordered two glasses of Pinot noir and the pours were heavy. Who doesn't like a heavy handed bartender? 

The service was AWESOME, but quirky. The big guys running the place were hilarious and had an interesting approach to customer service (asking questions like "How the hell are ya?"). They were very friendly and attentive.

I WILL be returning!
2 glasses of Pinot noir, a chili and cheese hotdog, an order of Mac and cheese, an order of plain tots, and 3 gin and tonics cost about $55, not including tip.
Decided to come here for late bites and drinks on our weekend trip to Philly. It was within walking distance from our AirBnB, and looked good from the outside.

We decided to sit outside at a picnic table with decent heaters overhead. 

Service was prompt, but the staff just wasn't very friendly. Maybe that's just how it is in Philly, but they weren't really willing to explain anything, and were condescending when I asked for clarification on a dish, whether it contained any meat.

On the plus side, they have options for both vegetarians and meat eaters. Menu is small, and just a bunch of fried food. I would have liked a salad on the side, but no such thing here.

I asked for what drinks had a lighter, juice taste, because all of their cocktails seemed pretty hard. I'm not big on sipping-style cocktails, and prefer more of a margarita, punch, hurricane, something along those lines. The waiter was not very nice about the whole situation, but once I settled on the gin punch, he told me he'd lighten it up a bit, and he did. It was very tasty. 

The Main Street tots were so delicious. A zesty old Bay cheese sauce on top of crunchy fried tots. Definitely a solid choice! 

They were COVID conscious, with individual ketchup dipping cups for our fries, wrapped silverware, employees wearing masks, etc. 

Overall, I would visit again if I was in the area and craving some tots. Other than that, I'd go somewhere else.
Their burgers here are awesome! Constantly rates among the best in Philly and I can see why however while the burgers are really really good, I have had better but the creativity with them makes them top notch.

Super hipster/relaxed atmosphere. Bartenders are really nice too! Only downside is it is a little divey and does have that "bar" smell which I don't love. Still would reccomend!
I'm low key obsessed with the old bay sauce on those Main Street tots. If only it was healthier for me I'd make sure to have them move often. And I'm usually the last to order tots, but these are worth getting. The burger was solid too, a little too much bun-to-meat ratio for the junior size, but hard to go wrong with some added cheddar and bbq sauce. Cool spot for a beer and a bite.
It was my first time here last night & everything was great. I ordered the Breakfast burger( name check) & the loaded tots with bacon,ranch, scallions etc. It was so freaking good  this might be my new spot. And the drinks are great too! Didn't catch any of the staffs name( i forgot to ask), but everyone was great!
Oh my God, Lucky's Last Chance is actually pretty darn cool. Can't wait to try every single thing off the menu here. The menu is really good, so many very good choices, I had to go with Onion Strings, and it was amazing. The crew is definitely a highlight of this place because they are always quick, courteous, and provide service with a smile! Totally returning here again for more because one time is just not enough.
I have been hearing about Lucky's for a while.  Finally made it there for Sunday Brunch with a friend.  The vibe of the place is retro and cool, I liked the decor and the drafts on tap and the beer selection is pretty good and the staff are knowledgable - great plus.  

Now the food, the words to describe will not do the Bananas Foster French Toast with Grand Marnier infused with the syrup was shall I say decadent!!  We also sampled the Burgers because they are highly recommended.  I had the Bacon, Egg Cheeseburger and my friend had the Breakfast Burger - OK - Delicious is an understatement.  

I will definitely be back to see how the crowd is during Happy Hour and on the weekend evenings.  I feel the price range for food and drinks is reasonable.

Give Lucky's a Go if you want good food and a great vibe.
We swung by here for dinner on Saturday night and what a cool interior! The upstairs dining room design is really interesting and will give you talking points for the whole dinner. 

The tater tots/fries/onion straws are an absolute must. They're so crispy, not soaked in oil, and Lucky's offers so many speciality topping combos, you can easily find one that suits your taste. We personally had the cheese and fresh jalapeño, and they were likely the highlight of our meal.

The only reason I'm serving up four stars instead of five, is that the thunder bird chicken sandwich was good, but seemed underwhelming compared to the standards set by their burgers. Wish they were on the same level!
Cuisine: 8/10
Service: 8/10
Decor: 8/10
Value: 8/10
Overall: 8 out of 10

My friend and her boyfriend come here every Monday evening on Grilled Cheese night. When her boyfriend had to work late I got to fill in as understudy. 

Here is the order we placed, in store, on 02/03/20:

Mine:
Peace, Love and Veggie (black bean) Burger
Jalapeno Cheese Fries (small)
Dr Pepper

Hers:
Gorganzola Burger
Garlic Butter Fries (small)
Diet Coke

My first time coming here was during the Chowder Crawl. I got to try the cheeseburger soup which was phenomenal and, until we hit The Couch Tomato and their chicken corn chowder, a clear winner. They topped out at #2. 

We arrived around 8pm. The place seemed crowded compared to the other popular spots along Main on a monday. This may have had more to do with the fact that the upstairs dining area has been closed for renovation and the only place to eat is the narrow lower bar level. We sat at a two-person pub table when one became available and were immediately given menus and offered drinks before we ordered. 

The black bean burger was flavorful and came with guac on a huge bun. The fries were firm but didnt taste like much. I didnt finish it and took most of it home. This had more to do with my general inability to eat much after the sun goes down. I did reheat it and eat the next day and it was just as tasty on day 2. 

Honestly, burgers and fries arent my thing but I enjoyed the atmosphere and the great service. I would totally recommend this place for anyone that likes a super chill spot to get late night comfort food.
We got burgers from Lucky's and was really pleased. I went for the Cubano burger - which was a burger patty with pickles, mustard, and pulled pork. It was unique and delicious. 

We ordered fries and tater tots as sides - the fries were average, but the tater tots were excellent. 

The staff was friendly and helpful and I look forward to trying more of their menu.
Good spot in the heart of Manayunk. A fun menu with solid burgers  & a huge rotating beer menu. I grabbed a specialty hot dog with buffalo chicken that I really enjoyed! The tots and onion straws make great sides. Solid 4 Stars  Cheers
Situated right on Main Street Manayunk, Lucky's Last Chance really has made a name for itself.

FOOD: The menu lists all its burgers as Award Winning and I honestly can totally get behind. The burgers are delicious. My friend and I each split the Almost Inferno and the Mak Attack burgers. They're delicious, juicy, and full of taste! 

AMBIANCE: There's a downstairs, which is more of a typical bar and upstairs that is a little quiet. I sat upstairs and it was relatively tame. Not too much seating so it's hard for groups greater than 5.

SERVICE: A little slow. I sat up stairs with my friend and there was only one waitress helping about 8 tables. Food still came out in a timely manner, I'm just surprised by the employee:patron ratio.

Overall, I thought Lucky's food was delicious! I'll definitely be making another trip to try a different burger!
I enjoyed this place because of its customer service and diverse menu. Of course the alcohol menu is great but not really the highlight of this review. On this occasion I ordered the Mak Attack burger which was a spontaneous move for me and mostly because the burger itself is intriguing. This is a traditional burger with Mac and cheese. Not too big but big enough to need a few napkins. Meat was prepared well. Pairs well with a Belgian ale. Overall a good experience and good food.
cheese amigos fries are the best thing on this earth.  burgers are delicious and so are the tots. love this place.
Heaven on Main Street Manayunk

Top quality craft beers, best burgers as far as the eye can see, great selection of quality hotdogs, and terrific selection of brunch menu items including the donut' go breakin' my heart burger.

The donut' go breakin' my heart burger is a burger in the middle of a donut coupled with a fried egg, bacon, and amazing raspberry jam on the side. The donut itself is thin and glazed but it is on the top of the burger and bottom for the perfect amount of donut. Go for this menu item if you are jonesing for some sweet with your burger. I think this menu item is almost a life experience! I will not be ordering it again as with my burgers I do not want sweetness but for all the attributes of this burger on a luscious donut and amazing presentation along with delicious flavor I give it five stars. 

I frequent Lucky's last chance and a neat side note, Charles Barkley is known to stop in here when he is in the Manayunk area. More menu item reviews will follow but you truly cannot go wrong if you are looking for a burger in Manayunk.
Absolutely love this place. With their unique burgers and awesome beer choices, you can't go wrong!
I have so many great things say that I get overwhelmed. So I default to the profound words of Tina Turner...

"You're simply the best, better than all the rest. Better than anyone, anyone I've ever met. I'm stuck on your heart and hang on every word you say. Tear us apart, baby, I would rather be dead"

Ps. They have the best hard cider selection I have ever experienced. A must visit in Philadelphia.
We came here on Monday for the beer and cupcake pairing with terrapin and sweet life bake shop. This was my favorite beer pairing/event that I've been to. Every beer paired perfectly with each dessert. My favorite was the imperial s'mores chubby bunny stout paired with a s'mores cupcake. I also really like the raspberry truffle oatmeal stout with the chocolate raspberry cupcake. The strawberry caramel banana bread pudding was delicious as well. I was expecting my husband to give me most of his cause he hates bananas, but he ate most of it because it had more of a cheesecake caramel taste than banana. I want to go get more cupcakes from this bake shop now. 

The staff running the event were great as well. Chris was super friendly, chatty and funny and made sure we had a great time. 

I got the peanut butter and jelly bacon cheeseburger and it was delicious. I wish I didn't give my husband half of mine, haha. I never eat peanut butter and jelly and don't go crazy about peanut butter like some people. But the combination of the toasted roll with the creamy peanut butter oozing out with the homemade jelly and bacon cheeseburger just bursted with flavor. I want to go back to get another to myself and get the 2 pattys instead of 1. My husband said he would gladly go again because he loves it here.
With the quality of the food vs the price.. I think lucky may be fucking up his last chance! I had the Mak burger (supposedly their most popular burger). The mak is good.. The burger isn't bad but the patties are thin so no mid 
-rare option for you cow eaters..  The burger was 11 or 12 dollars with no sides which for the quality of the burger is rather outrageous. Manayunk overall is pretty expensive though so no surprise there. The upstairs bar and dining area is nice and the beer selection is not too shabby. Vin is also a very friendly and cool bartender.
Yeah, the burgers are great. As long as you eat them right away. I was talking to someone and didn't get started on my burger for about fifteen to twenty minutes. The delicious burger I'd had before? No glorious grease bomb. Instead a cheap tasting beef patty. I'd been willing to overlook the bagged fries and tots--not my thing, but to each their own--but with subpar burgers, I can't buy into the hype about this place. 

Super if you're into school lunch nostalgia. Or if you eat your burger right away. 

Can't help you if you want frozen potatoes instead of real ones.
Now one of the burger stops I will have to be a regulae at. Great service awesome decor and last but not least great service!!

I had the Bacon, Egg and Cheese burger and it was everything I wanted. It was juicy and had the yolk dripping out and also the bacon was extra crispy so you got a bit of everything. The only thing i would leave out if the pepper. They put a little too much on the egg but other than that it was AWESOME. 

I came with friends and they got the Joocy Lucy and the Veggie burger. I cant rate them but they said they were good. But for the Veggie burger they said it was spicy and when the menu said fresh guacamole they thought they were going to get a good amount but the guac was only on the top bun like a spread. 

Another must have is either MAIN STREET FRIED OR TOTA!! OMG!! Super good and must try. 

I came here on a Tuesday night and they said they close the top floor at 10pm and leave the downstairs open-- this wasnt a problem i didnt notice how big this place was but if you are in Manayunk this is a def spot to try.

I cant wait to try the hotdogs next time im here.
My wife being more of the hot dog and hamburger type, when I saw pictures of the hot dog creations from Lucky's Last Chance floating around the internet, I knew this was the Mother's Day place to take her.

We arrived to an empty bar. Don't be fooled thinking this is a restaurant. It's just a bar that happens to have some of the best gluten in town.

We hopped into the high both to eat off our high table. The joint was empty, so we got all of the attention from the bartender. He was super nice, and a very cool cat. When my wife tried to order the Inferno burger, which is seasoned with ghost chili powder, he said, "Not on Mother's Day. It will ruin the rest of your day. It's hotter than anything you can imagine."

My wife, instead, ordered the Not Inferno Burger, which is all the same ingredients, sans the ghost chili powder. It still had a little kick with some Habanero in it, but was not too spicy.

We got three of their hot dog creations. All of them where wrapped in toasted buttered bread, which was crunchy and full of flavor. One was topped with mac n cheese and jalapenos. Another was topped with chili and cheese. The last was topped with melted cheese, onions, bacon, and barbecue sauce. They all had one thing in common. They were awesomely delicious.

We also got a couple of sides. The shoe string onion rings and garlic butter french fries. Both were real winners. This place is like the gourmet of bar foods, without being all fancy pants.

Since it's was early and I was trying to be good for my wife on Mother's Day, I opted not to get a beer. But I will be back from some of the frothy stuff, as they had a great selection of draft beers.
Amazing. Best burgers in town. Great food, awesome craft beer selection, great service! Love the waitstaff and bartenders. The upstairs is so nice! We are constantly in there for beer and then of course end up getting food bc it's so so good. Nice addition to main st.
I don't know why people love this place. It's a dive, and not even a good one. 
Drinks are not good. The menu is limited. 

They don't have a cocktail menu, and the bartenders make awful cocktails. They look at you like your crazy (and they look confused) if you ask for anything other than a beer or shot. 

Get with the times.
Pretty bangin, just really unhealthy. Its tough to eat healthy here. Best time to go is ON YERRR Ch3AT day LoL
Update 5/17/2013: Well we went in last night to take Chris up on his offer and all I can say is wow. We were greeted by Chris the bartender (different Chris from the owner) upon entering Lucky's and he was extremely friendly, even offering up a couple of different samples of beer to my fiance who wasn't sure which she wanted to try (we both ended up opting for the Weyerbacher Merry Monks Tripel... cloudy and flavorful). This is an option that hides its alcohol content extremely well (9.5%) but dances on the taste buds in a pleasant manner. For our meals we opted for the Joocey Lucy (I had to, right?) and the Scorpion Dog for my fiance with an order of onion straws.

Three things: 

1. the Joocey Lucy was hit out of the park, the cheese lava that came gushing out from the very first bite was absolutely unreal. The bun was just as good as the first time I'd been to Lucky's and by the end of the meal I was scraping up the cheese I had dropped onto the plate with it to make sure I got every delicious morsel. My fiance absolutely loved her dog, topped with mac and cheese and jalapenos (she asked for Sriracha but found the scorpion dog didn't need anything to augment its ample flavor), and whatever is in that dipping sauce that Lucky's serves with their onion straws should be bottled so I can serve it up during my superbowl party. The stuff is the tits.

2. Not only was Chris the bartender extremely friendly and helpful, Kyle the kitchen manager also came out to see how everything was and to apologize for our previous experience as well as Chris the owner (all three seem like genuinely nice guys who just take a lot of pride in what they're doing).

3. If you live in the yunk, you should be going here at LEAST once a month as they have what looks like a great beer rotation, an incredible relationship with the other businesses on Main, and a different special for each month. If you don't live in the yunk but find yourself there for whatever reason and you don't make visiting Lucky's a priority I question your taste in beer, food, and atmosphere.

I swear I am not one to usually gush about a place but I truly can't say enough about our experience at Lucky's. THESE are the guys who deserve our business if you want Main St. to continue being as great as it is.
______________________________________________
Update 5/15/2013: Raising this to three stars as the owner reached out to me directly to apologize for Loocey-gate and to invite myself and my fiance back to give them another shot gratis. Customer service like this deserves to be recognized and I'm hoping to raise the star number even higher upon trying Lucky's again. Other restaurateurs should take note though. THIS is how you treat your client base!
___
I've heard nothing but amazing things about Lucky's from numerous people whose opinions I tend to trust regarding dining out, so I'm going to give them another shot and revisit this review afterwards. For the time being however, I can only give my opinion on the one experience I've had here.

Walking in, I noticed just how much of an upgrade this place is over the previous tenants (Tonic). I found a much cleaner, well maintained space, and even though it looked like they were just opening for the night I was greeted promptly and in an extremely friendly way by the lone bartender, who noted that I had called in an order and said he'd go and check on it right away (which he did). He came back and informed me it would be a minute more and did I want something to drink while I waited. I said I was fine, as there were plenty of TV's on the walls playing the usual start-of-the-night PTI/SportsCenter/Et Al.

A short time later I got my order and left for home. My fiance ordered the El Guapo and I had to try their version of the "Joocey Lucy". My fiance was happy with her burger, but I'm not going to fault them or credit them one way or the other as she's not really a burger person, so it could have been fantastic and she'd still most likely feel ambivalent at best.

The real downside was when I went to bite into my Joocey Lucy, full of salivation anticipation to get that first gush of delicious molten cheese and bacon (I had asked for no onions as they're just not really my thing) as I took my first bite, I ended up chewing into a meat cavern devoid of any taste other than the tomato and the ketchup I had put on top. Dejected but undaunted I dove in for a second try, hoping the cheesy goodness was just playing coy in the center of the sandwich. No dice.

The one great thing about the burger was the quality of the roll, and again, I'm more than appreciative of the fact that an actual restaurant has taken over this space, but (for now at least) I can only give Lucky's 2 stars based on the atmosphere, and great takeout service (which can most likely be extrapolated to great dine-in service). Maybe it's just one of those places where the meals are better enjoyed sitting down with a beer than trying to travel home with. We'l
I just wanted to drop you guys another note to say STOP IT! STOP BEING SO FREAKING AWESOME!! I KEEP SPENDING ALL MY MONEY HERE!!! My new favorite game is seeing what rotating hard ciders are available. Yes, we went through your entire stock of Ciderboys Pineapple Hula that one night, whoops. Part of me just wants to live upstairs (I can bring an air mattress, I'm flexible like that), but the other part of me thinks that being mere blocks from here is good enough.

Also, can I high five the person in charge of the FB Page? You have me laughing like an idiot and wanting to hug you daily. So, high five awesome Lucky's FB ninja!

If I could marry a bar establishment, I would've whisked you away by now, Lucky's. You are the raddest of rad and my most favoritest place in Philly. (Yelp apparently doesn't allow characters in reviews, so just imagine I typed a sideways heart there)
Went here to celebrate my anniversary with my boyfriend. This was the best mac n cheese I have ever eaten in my life! Perfectly flavorful and creamy. The staff was really friendly it was honestly the perfect meal
Just read about this place today and decided to run for a burger tonight as I heard theirs were pretty good.
I had the El Guapo Burger, the wife had the Blue Cheese burger (We forget the name of it.)

Both burgers were pretty good, though I think there is room for improvement.
They advertise right on the menu that nothing is ever frozen, if their beef is that good, give me a choice of how I want it cooked.
My burger was so well done it had lost all its flavor so all I got to taste were the toppings.
It also struck me as not having any seasoning on the meat, but that may have just been overwhelmed by how well done it was.
The service was great, and very friendly and helpful.
The atmosphere was pretty low key for Manayunk.
The beer selection was very good, and the bar was stocked with quite a variety of bottles.

I'd go back, but I don't know if I'd have another burger.
For years, this has been my favorite Manayunk bar.  Not exactly a fan of that street, but people know they can trick me into coming if we come to Lucky's.  They've always had really great beers and the atmosphere I'm a fan of.  Sadly, in recent years, I found their food...  Ugh...  Why wasn't I getting food before?  It's really good.  Amazing burgers, hot dogs, and other food.  I've never had a bad meal and I feel we need to get food whenever we come out here now.
ERMAHGAWD I did it.  After staring at the menu for the entirety of our first drink due to indecision, I finally made the leap to try the PB&Bacon Burger.  It was a daring but rewarding experience.  Two juicy burger patties, bacon, and peanut butter on a fresh kaiser roll with a side of grape jelly.  In situations like this, when people next to you ask, "Uh, is that peanut butter I smell coming from your burger?", you just have to let the mouth work because that's what it's meant to do.  In the end, it's the mind that gets in the way of enjoying a new and unique fare.  So I pushed judgment aside and was not let down.  The PB&Bacon Burger at Lucky's works, and it is actually quite delicious.  The jelly was cold and soothing to the potent JIF, bacon, and burger patty.  Perfect for those that enjoy sweet & salty combos.  About 3/4 of the way through it I did find the peanut butter a little overwhelming, but still was very pleased with the experience! 

Lucky's continues to impress me with their exceptional bar food.  I have never been dissatisfied with an order (of drink or food).  We also got a basket of Main Street fries and I was surprised at how exciting they were for the palate!  Bar food simply doesn't get any better.
