Bowling is a great way to keep teens busy on a rainy day. The occasion came during a visit to Philadelphia. 

When we were there the place was clean, organized and friendly staff. We were provided wristbands to wear if bowling. Just remember when it's 9pm underaged bowlers are not permitted. We were finishing up and decided we would hold out until kicked out! 

As you can see by the scores we're not talking cut throat competition here. We were having fun and staying out of trouble when chaperones! Regardless of your reason for visiting the bowling alley, I recommend this particular location.
I'll admit that I'm not a real serious bowler, but I'm not that inexperienced. My scores are generally in the mid-hundreds and I've been to quite a few bowling alleys. However, Lucky Strike is one of the worst bowling alleys that I have ever been to. If you want to go to a nightclub, I would recommend you go here, but if you want to actually bowl go elsewhere. 

First, Lucky Strike is located in a very big building and is made up of 3 floors. However, there are no instructions or signage on where to go. 

Eventually, I got to the third floor and I was given a lane, but the staff was not very nice or helpful. First, none of the staff seemed like they were bowling experts and they all had an attitude. It just seemed like they didn't care. 

The bowling shoes I requested were just tossed at me and they were not of good quality either. The shoes were on their last leg and the laces couldn't even stay together once tied. 

The actual bowling was a disaster. The lanes looked a little small in width, almost as if they wanted to squeeze together as many lanes as possible. The lanes were also horribly oiled as the balls took all sorts of weird angles and at times when you got a gutter ball, pins would still go down. Also, the glare from the large overhead TVs created glare on the lanes resulted in me becoming distracted. Worst of all, the balls constantly got stuck in the return machine and at one point it started smoking up. It was so bad we had to get a manager and an engineer. They ended up having to take apart the machine just to remove the balls. 

The amount of balls available was very limited and were not of very good quality. They were scratched up and the lightest ball available that was not made for kids or people with small fingers was 11 pounds. Normally, I use a 9 pound ball. 

With all the negatives I mentioned, I really can't imagine that this place is actually certified by the United States Bowling Congress. If they are there must be some corruption going on. 

Lucky Strike doesn't know if they want to be a nightclub or bowling alley. The only place I can see Lucky Strike making sense at would would be at a trashy casino or the Playboy Mansion. I suppose that's their target audience though because they have paintings of Marilyn Monroe on the walls. 

Altogether, if you want to go to a nightclub go to Lucky Strike, but if you actually want to have a nice bowling experience go elsewhere.
Ok, where do I begin? 

The Good: 
The cheese fries with seasoned ground beef are YUMMY! So are the fried macaroni thingies! 

The Bad: 
I booked a reservation for 10 people with Dionna the Tuesday before the party. 

Saturday night the birthday girl arrives while I'm still en route, and she's informed that we don't have a reservation - despite Dionna's insistence that our reservation was booked. They had a few open lanes though, so we were able to get into one of those. 

Our waiter, we'll call him "Moshua", was not the friendliest, but whatever - maybe he was tripping off of the fact Lucky Strike is "high class" bowling alley. "Moshua" brought our food and drinks, and then disappeared for a while. My friends bowled (I haven't bowled in years b/c I need those blow-up bumpers to even get my ball down the lane - don't judge me!). 

So "Moshua" came over to see if we needed anything else, and I ordered a dessert for my friend so we could sing happy birthday to her. I also asked Joshua if they sing there. He said no, so I asked him if he'd sing - he declined, and then he didn't even bring the dessert - he had a runner bring it. 

Also, the bathrooms were FILTHY! Seriously, I could smell them before I even walked inside. There is NO REASON for a ladies room to EVER smell like that! My friend is a nurse and even she was disgusted!

I think the birthday girl described it best - at Lucky Strike, they have a way of making guests feel like they're inconveniencing the staff, which makes ABSOLUTELY no sense, since they are PAID to serve us. 

Also, the website claims that there's a dress code - but um, that place was HARDLY fabulous, as it is a BOWLING ALLEY! I didn't expect to have to don a ball gown, but I felt like I was one of the dressiest people there!

After we left, we were informed by a friend of the birthday girl who wasn't able to make the party that Lucky Strike is notoriously racist. I don't know how much truth is in that, but I do know that I didn't feel very welcome, and also know that I won't be back.
i like my bowling establishments to not be so overtly racist with their dress codes.  And if you think that no baggy pants, no baseball caps, no timberlands isn't trying to say no blacks, you are living in an airy fairy dream world   I didn't realize that the black community wreaked such havoc on bowling alleys.
This was another drunken stop on my uncle's Philadelphia tour. This is a really cool looking bowling alley. I could see myself hanging out here if I lived in Philadelphia. The bartender was very nice. She started a tab for us without collecting a card from my dad, uncle, or me. The Patron on the rocks tasted so good here. So good, in fact, that I forgot to pay for the round of drinks we ordered. Woops.

A bouncer chased us down a couple blocks. I think he could tell by our reaction that were shocked that we forgot to pay. I walked back over and the bartender was all frazzled. She said it was her mistake for not collecting my card. I apologized profusely to her for being so forgetful and left her a very generous tip. 

I was about to walk out and then realized I really had to go to the restroom. The alcohol in me was telling me I had to go #1, and possibly even #2. Unfortunately, the restroom was disgusting. The urinals smelled awful and the stalls were all covered in crap. And I say that in a literal sense. It was as if the "shit monster" from Dogma had played tag in there earlier. I wanted to puke. 

Overall, this is a 4-star joint, but I am forced to deduct a star for the dreadful appearance of the restroom. Someone on staff has to step up, check on it on a regular basis, and clean it up if it gets really dirty. It's that simple. 

For my Yelp San Jose readers: If Santana Row had a bowling alley, it would look like Lucky Strikes Lane & Lounge. But then again, if this super fun bowling alley were in the Santana Row there would definitely be less friendly and have a higher douche bag count, less football on the TV screens and more Lady Gaga music videos, and the bowling lanes would not have any legit bowlers and would most likely have more 95-pound Asian women throwing a pink bowling ball into the gutter and then laughing like Chun Li in Street Fighter 2.

As much as I would love to a LSLL in the Bay Area, I know what would eventually happen. The DBs (douche bags) would take over. It's better off I am left with the memories of this place in Philly.

Well, minus the disgusting restroom. Yuck.
We got robbed! I will never go back or recommend. Went there with a group of friends to celebrate a birthday. It was a Monday, we called at 5PM the day of to reserve two lanes for a group of 14 people at 7PM, it was a party package including; 2 hrs of bowling, appetizers, NOT including drinks, NOT including ping pong($15.00), NOT including pool ($15.00) or shuffle board ($15.00). We showed up at 6:45 - 7PM and not a sole was in the building, we had the place to ourselves and there was no need for a reservation. With 7 people per lane we barley finished two games and our time was up. We get two separate checks: $354 for Booze (completely fine.) ***$779.28 FOR 2 GAMES OF BOWLING AND 6 APPETIZERS!!! ARE YOU KIDDING ME? Without a party package - Doing the math, rates on a Monday include $6.95 per game + $4.50 for shoes. 2 games and shoes would have been $18.40 a person. Multiply this by 14 people and it is $257.60 total! THEY CHARGED US $779.28! That leaves $521.00 for six appetizers. All in all, drinks and tip included we left with a $1,200+ check for 2 games of bowling. 

Let me add. Monday after 9PM is all you can Bowl for 15$. Including free pool, shuffleboard, and ping pong. We absolutely would have done that if we knew it was an option. THE PARTY PACKAGE IS A COMPLETE SCAM.
Skip this place. Plenty of better places to spend lots of money and see trendy decor in Philadelphia. 

The place has a cool decor (manufactured, but cool) and a cool location and that's where it all ends. EVERYTHING is overpriced, even by Center City standards. The service can be friendly, but they'll shaft you in a heartbeat and expect them to drop an 18% gratuity on your check regardless of how big your group is. They run the place like its an Olive Garden. The management also suffers from some sort of delusion that just because the place is trendy that they can be total pricks. Our food order was messed up (they bought us a drink...not a round, a drink, to make up for it), our lane malfunctioned and we couldn't get anyone to fix it for 15 minutes, then when they got it restarted it seemed like they were restarting us from scratch (no biggy right?), then on the 3rd set everything just shut off and before someone came over to let us know why they were closing so early and kicked us off mid-game, they sent security over to come let us know that they were closing and we had to finish our drinks. At this point it started getting annoying so I asked to speak to a manager. After 15 minutes he finally showed up and copped a ton of attitude...total jerk that inspired his otherwise friendly staff to emulate his "too good to acknowledge my customers" demeanor. For 4 of us we had about 3 or 4 rounds of drinks, didn't get to finish a single game of bowling, and had 4 appetizers and the total bill was over $300...remember the automatic 18%. The manager made a point of showboating and then in the end totally patronized us, talked to me like a child, and offered me some sort of free bowling certificate "on him"....yeah I'm sure he dug deep into his pockets for that one. On a scale of 1 to 10, Lucky Strike sucks.
The staff here is very ignorant and unhelpful.  They lack any knowledge of their establishment's operations.  

We placed and confirmed a reservation for two lanes for 8+ people.  My friends and I looked forward to a fun afternoon of bowling.

I received a phone call from a Lucky Strikes employee 1.5 hours before our scheduled reservation time. The manager had decided not to open the second floor, and we would have to reschedule for later that evening.  There was no offer of a discounted game or drinks for the inconvenience--just a half-hearted, insincere apology.  

I was amazed.  Why would I waste time or money on a place that called me at the last minute to reschedule an event I had planned for 8 friends?  No thanks!  I told them that I would take my business elsewhere.  I encourage everyone else to do the same.  Idiots.
I've been to Lucky Strike a few times - mostly for work-related parties.  It's not really the type of place I'd choose to hang out at... because it's extremely douchey.  

Quick Story:  A friend of mine was given some free bowling passes as a thank you from the owners of this place for an event they helped put on.  But when we arrived there was a big debacle regarding whether or not they had to honor them.  Eventually they did, but the argument left a bad taste in my mouth.  It just seemed really unclassy to be nickel-and-dimed by an establishment that prides itself on being upscale.

The bartender and waitstaff all seem really friendly, I think the problem lies with the management.  Lucky Strike is overpriced, self-important, and makes you want to take a long shower afterwards to wash away the icky.
I was back in Philadelphia for the first weekend since Christmas and I wanted to plan a get together so that I could see a bunch of my friends without driving myself insane trying to cart myself all over the city.

I called and spoke with Marie and ordered 6 platters and reserved two lanes for a Saturday night.

When  showed up on Saturday however, there was no record of my reservation, platter orders or the elusive Marie.  From the sympathetic look on the hostess's face, this was not the first time that Marie screwed someone over and I was more than a bit miffed.

The hostess (I'm sorry that I didn't get her name because she was awesome) put us on a list for lanes and sent us a server as we claimed a lounge area while we waited. 

I had asked to speak to a manager and April helped us out.  She too saw no evidence of my reservation from Marie, but I had emails showing that I had indeed made the reservation and food request, so for our inconvenience, she comped us for an hour of bowling and shoes for my entire party.

Great customer service despite the craptastic reservation system.  If you are planning an event there, I would suggest triple checking with several people before you show up and staying the hell away from Marie.
Whoever came up with the idea of having a formal bowling alley should really be smacked upside the head.  true it offers great food, and a fun DJ night every Saturday. But traditional bowling this is not!  You may call me a purist. but if you are too then you want to do yourself a favor and avoid this place like the plague. do yourself a favor and go to North Bowl if your looking for a good Philly spot.
I went with a couple friends to this place for the first time last night; they had gone a couple months ago, during the week and said it was a decent place. We got there around 10PM and there honestly weren't that many people there for how big this place was. We were told there was a 2 hour wait for bowling so we decided to get a couple drinks and play some pool; which was $15 an hour. An hour later a friend went to the desk to ask about a lane and she was told that an hour of bowling was $100. I'm on a bowling league in Delaware and that was ridiculous! 

This place was pretentious and the drink deal they offered, vodka with flavoring for $4 was WARM with a lot of ice in it. Like they poured the alcohol in the glass, dumped ice in it and didn't even stir it. And my other friends said their drinks were watered down. At the end of the night it was $15 and almost $60 for the very watered down drinks. My friends said that this was nothing like the last time they went. This place might look cool with its fancy lounge couches and it's black lights but I'm warning you don't go on the weekends. And another thing that was messed up is that there were at least 6 lanes open (for the hour that we were there) that no one was using. I've never given a 1 star rating to a business here on yelp before so that speaks for itself.
I've never been to a bowling alley like this one before.  Here, you dress up like you're going over to old city to bar hop the night away.  They serve food a step above bar food, salads and light foods like that.  There is a full bar that makes decent drinks, I had a lemon amaretto and a cranberry vodka, and both were strong.  Before 9pm, anyone can come and bowl, but after 9, it's 21+.
I am not impressed with this place. I truly think it is over hyped and over priced. The idea of combining a lounge and a bowling alley may have gotten lost somewhere along the line. If you go to Lucky Strike on any given night, you are guaranteed to wait for a while just to bowl. Half of the people who come here are only here to be seen. I want to go to a place where the patrons aren't trying so hard to look cool.

Strict dress code to bowl? Thumbs down.
Lucky Strike is located in a great, central location.  However, the location comes with a price.  Last time I tried to go on a weekend evening it was $80/hour,  not including shoe rentals.  I bowl in a social league here and it's fine for that, but if you are a serious bowler, this is not the place for you.  The lanes are not well-maintained or oiled and are constantly breaking down.  The fried mac and cheese balls and pretzel sticks are good.  The drinks are expensive (e.g., on Sundays, you can get the drink special--a 5-can bucket of PBR for $16.50).
i don't even know how to begin describing how terrible this place was.

It started with the wait staff, who a) took about 20 minutes to show up at our table, b) didn't know the sips menu c) looked like she wanted to deck me when i asked her for it and d) gave me the wrong menu, told me i was wrong and grabbed it out of my hand, turned it over and then realized i was in fact right.  not a good start.

drinks took forever to get to our table.  by the time she brought the first round, we realized we might as well order the second round if it would take her that long to come by our table again.

then came the bowling.

we'd moved our reservation (called that am) to 7:30 from 5:30.  we asked for 7, they said they didn't have space until 7:30, cool no problem.  7:30 rolls around, they ask us to wait a few minutes.  then we ask for a second lane since there are eight of us.  turns out you can't reserve a second lane.  did i mention there were 8 of us?  then they tell us to wait until 8.  we say ok, and ask if we can PLEASE have a second lane.  the guy actually laughed at us.  at 8, it turns out we need to wait until 8:30.  we don't actually get a lane until after 8:30.  when i asked if there was anything they could do since it was now an hour past our reservation, they just said no, it was out of their hands, and since we had moved our reservation this morning, they'd done everything they could to "accomodate us, but we messed up their schedule."

seems to me that if you are in charge of scheduling, they should haev said "no, we can't fit you in until 8:30" ??

bowling shoes stuck. all. over. the. floor.

and don't worry because you can only purchase by the hour.  since we didn't get to bowl until almost 9, and people had driven in from all over, we only bought one hour.  with 8 people to one lane we were only on the 6th frame when they actually just shut our game down.  it was ridiculous.

we were understandably frustrated, and when i approached the manager, she was incredibly rude, as though it were all our fault. 

btw: it cost $100 for shoes and bowling for one hour for our group.

to top it all off:  the food was terrible.  did i mention this?  because it was.  

don't waste your time.  DO NOT GO HERE EVER.

TAKE YOUR BUSINESS ANYWHERE ELSE
Service sucks! My best friend and I got turned away for bowling because there was a 4 hour wait. Two minutes later a group got a lane. I watched him for a while and only large groups got service. When we complained to the manager, she said we could have a lane for $75 an hour! Disgusting staff habits
Trying not to be a hater, but really the "Meh. I've experienced better" hits it RIGHT on the mark. Mostly I liked the super chill server who came by and chatted with us. I think trendy bowling places that are expensive and serve expensive but greasy food go against what bowling is all about. Gimme the inexpensive and fast, and it'll feel like what a bowling alley should feel like. I mean, if you had to pay $40 for a philly cheesesteak you'd cry foul, right? It just feels wrong. No matter how much low-lighting and trendy couches you add. 

I even like North Bowl better. Mostly because it feels less like Corporate America there. Whatever that means.
$75 per hour per lane on Friday & Saturday nights?  What a ripoff.  We arrived around 11:15pm on a Saturday night and wanted to pay for 2 hours.  Girl says she can't sell us 2 hours because they close at 2 am.  Fine, so we pay for 1 hour.  Instead of sending us to the upper level which apparently stays open later, we get assigned a lane on the lower level.  (We found this out after having our game shut down in the middle of a roll, forcing us to finish our drinks at the bar, then get asked to move upstairs which stays open later.)  WTF!?

I drank beer, but others in my party went for rum & Cokes which were super weak.  When bringing it to the attention of the bartender, the reply was "In a good drink, you can't taste the alcohol."  Really?  Can I get a sack of magic beans to go please?

On a positive note, it's a clean & fun facility, but the staff needs to educate customers & be more service-oriented.
The Rude Service is awful and the attitude is pathetic! 

The front desk caters to who they know and price accordingly if you start bitching.

DO NOT WASTE YOUR $$$ 

Place is Dirty from the Drinking Glasses to the Bowling Balls, Pool Table areas and lounge chairs are filthy!
We wanted to waste some time before an open bar so we stopped in to Lucky Strikes. Aside from the odd stairwell, everything looked way better than your average bowling alley.

Lots of couches and waiting areas doused in medium-ish light, pool tables, and rows of bowling alleys? Can you say awesome?

However, we didn't get to experience the awesomeness since we were told the waiting time for a bowling alley was 3 hrs.

They did have really clean and nice bathrooms too. I'll try to check it out the next time I'm in the area (assuming its not a weekend night with a multiple hour wait!)
Ok, it is a bowling alley right?  You rent shoes which have been worn by countless people and somehow your fingers just smell funky from the bowling ball, yes?  My parents are both bowlers.  They are great bowlers, and alas, I was not so lucky.  I am a sucky bowler, but I have fun at the alley.  
Anyway, onto the review.  Honestly, I felt that the drinks were overpriced for what you were getting.  I heartily believe that my vodka/tonic was watered down.  We waited for a few hours only to end up paying $7 per person per game + $3 for shoes and we only got to play one game because they were closing at 10pm.  Lame.  And all this was on a Monday night!  The place was so packed that we had to wait until special groups were done before we could get our turn.
BTW the waitresses, those poor dears, looked like they should have been at the roller derby not a bowling alley.  All in all, I don't think we will be back soon, at least not if we actually want to bowl.  
Take my advice, just drive over to South Jersey and find some lanes in Cherry Hill then head over to some random diner.  Ah, the perfect blue collar night!
Terrible, terrible bar service. I play in a weekly league here and it averages about 40 minutes per bar interaction.The price and service is really lacking. I will be back for the bowling league but would not suggest coming here for anything else.  They need to work on their service, it's terrible.
On the up side - if you have a mess of people and need to get into a bar at the last minute... you can ALWAYS get into Lucky.  On the down side... that really isn't a good thing.  

Service is inconsistent.  Beer list is shallow.  Drinks are expensive.  Kitchen is mediocre.  Honestly I've gotten to where I doubt I'd set foot into the place again - and it's possibly the closest drinking establishment to my office in the city.

If you're going to bowl... then it beats any other alley hands down.  But otherwise I'd advise avoiding Lucky Strike.
This place is a total scam. -5 stars. Employees are dumber and more useless than a bag of rocks, and the policies make no fucking sense. I went with two friends on Wednesday Dec 28, 2016 at 2:30 pm. We were told the ping pong/pool tables would be $10 an hour and that we could switch between the two if we wanted. That would've been a great deal if they actually let us do what they said we could do. There are 4 pool tables - 2 of the pool tables have cheap boards covering them to form makeshift ping pong tables. The paddles are the cheapest dollar store paddles you can find, but whatever, wasn't expecting much anyway. The other 2 tables are left as pool tables. We played ping pong for 15 minutes and decided to ask to switch to pool. After being the second person standing in a 2 person line for 10 minutes (there were 2 employees behind the desk so not sure why they couldn't each help a different customer) the second girl behind the desk finally asked me what I needed. I asked if we could switch to pool, and she said no, because the tables needed to remain 2 pool tables and 2 ping pong tables. Uhh... hold up, what? This is the first time we're hearing about this, so I asked why. I shit you not, this is what she said: "We need to keep 2 ping pong tables and 2 pool tables because of 'the demand.'" 

First off, there was at least 1 other table completely open so they were NOT short on tables - what demand? Second, if we paid for a full hour, even if there were people waiting for a table, why would we not be allowed to finish the hour we paid for? Sounds scammy to me! Third, no one at the desk mentioned anything about that policy, so either they have no idea what they're doing or were just too lazy to do their fucking jobs correctly.

Even though their explanation made no sense, they just kept repeating the same line over and over with blank looks on their faces. Even though a simple apology would have been sufficient, no one stepped forward to offer any sort of apology for not explaining the archaic rules beforehand and for sucking at their jobs. I didn't want to start arguing with those idiots so I asked if we could play darts for the remainder of the time instead of pool. Surprise surprise, we couldn't do that either, because the darts were apparently all broken. Why offer multiple activities if you're not going to let people do any of them? 

Never coming back here again. This place is not worth the money. Take your business elsewhere and save yourself money and the stress of having to deal with dumbasses
The atmosphere was good the drinks were just mediocre. I had a few beers and some appetizers and played a few games of pool.  All the prices we within reason for the area.  However when I was ready to leave I went to the bar to signal the bartender to tell him to close my tab out and he replies that "we don't do that here you have to go to the other end of the bar."  So I go to the other end of the bar and the other bartender tells me that I cant close my tab out. So i look for the manager, upon finding her I explain to her whats been going on and she is not the least bit happy. She promptly goes behind the bar and asks the bartender what is going on and he tells her the same thing. She is furious with him and tells him that this is not the way we deal with customers.  She retrieves my bill and I paid my tab and left.  Needless to say I will not be coming back to that establishment, if that is how customers are treated. I don't care how busy you are at night.
I like talking with my friends when I bowl, but I do not need an overpriced place like this to do it.  Yea yea, I live in a city but hush, you, I want fun at a reasonable price.  Go during an earlier time to beat some of the crowd.  The time I went our wait was a pretty reasonable time and we got our lane before we expected it.  The food here is pretty good, and by good I mean greasy goodness snack time!  The drinks seemed a tad bit pricey but looked very cute.

I really like the whole atmosphere of this place, but the price tag just made me bump down a star.  And the fact that our waitress didn't help move our food from the waiting/lounge portion to our lane when we finally got one (i.e. utensils and napkins for six, six plates, and three plates of food, on top of each of us carrying our awesome bowling shoes. just great).
Okay so my boyfriend is from South Carolina and I just moved to Philly a few months ago. He's a bowling guy and I just have to be in the mood for it. But we both wanted to do something to do together (seeing how he was only in town for a weekend) and fun. So we tried lucky strike out. 

The waitress had an attitude like we weren't going to tip her based on how we looked ( he's Indian, I'm Black) and we are damn good tippers! We ordered the artichoke dip and it was awful it made me sick... 

Then the game... okay what makes my bowling game 18 dollars? is it the home depot built "lounge setting", the stiff Ikea furniture (that cuts your ass when you sit down)? or was it the lame experience? I just wanted a simple game of bowling and lucky strike was not it. 

So if you want to get sick, have a bad bowling experience, and pretend your lounging when the funk of people's feet are still in the air ( ...like any other bowling ally) then by all means take a shot, but I liken this place to South Park's "Chamber of Farts".
So I went to Lucky Strike's for a meetup yesterday afternoon and I enjoyed myself.  It seems like there's lots of kids around and it's definitely more of a "normal" bowling alley feel.  My Bloody Marys were Bloody Awful and the service was kind of spotty.  One star for the lane guy giving us 10 more minutes on the lane because of some confusion over when the time started.

Oh, and I was severely out of dress code wearing a hooded sweat shirt and a sports jersey (The Mighty Manchester City FC were playing that morning) and the dress code was not "strictly enforced" for me.  I am unsure if this is because I am a white woman and clearly not the target of the dress code (see my previous review) or if because it was at noon on a Saturday and no one cared or saw what I was wearing.
I participate in a bowling league at Lucky Strike on Sundays.  We always waste time waiting for the lane to be fixed after it breaks down.  I'm pretty sure we've had some kind of malfunction every week.  The waitstaff never know what drink specials we're supposed to have.  This isn't their fault, someone in management needs to let them know because we come every week.
The bathroom is pretty gross for what is supposed to be a nice place.
I will return just because its the closest place for me to bowl.  I miss Strikes in UC.
Lucky strike is the most expensive bowling you'll probably ever do in your life. BUT if you feel like being classy and bowl, this is the place. I've come here several times for work outings and such but it was my first time on a weekend here for a birthday party. It was $300 for 2 lanes for 18 people and then an extra 28 dollars a person for a 2 hour open bar so about 54 dollars a person to bowl for 2 hours. 
It's obvious math if you have about 10 people to a lane, you're only going to play one game in about a 2 hour span so keep that in mind. But lucky strike knows the value of an open bar. The best part is that there's a guy/girl that comes to constantly take your drink orders so you don't have to walk back and forth so that was convenient. I had a good time but like I said, you're basically paying 54 dollars for a 2 hour well drink open bar and 1 game of bowling
Lucky Strike is the best bowling Lounge I've ever visited.  For sure.  I love the swank furniture  and mood lighting.  Great beats and cool staff.

Went here with a bunch of teenagers for a party and they loved it.  Fabulous for the under-21 set.  For those of us over that benchmark, they have delicious real cocktails (with no simple syrup!) and a good selection of beer, including Yard's Pale Ale.
This can be a fun place but you will pay top dollar for everything. The ambiance is much nicer than your typical bowling alley but you pay for it. Lane and shoe rentals are expensive. I find that it can be difficult to have a good time because it always seems busy and there's someone waiting for your lane.

I agree with the other reviews that service isn't great and the employees sometimes act like they are better than you and you feel ignored.

Drinks are decent but expensive and take forever when ordering from a waitress while bowling. Food isn't very good and not worth the price.

It feels like an upscale club but it is bowling. It is an interesting place but not a place for very serious bowlers.
Meh. Not a fan. I love the one I went to in Chicago, but this one? Not so much. The bowling is outrageously expensive, and the drinks are also pricey. Yeah I guess it's fun to bowl under black lights and shit, but all of that fun was wiped out by the poor condition of the lanes. My shoes kept sticking to the floor instead of sliding, so I had a hard time even breaking 100. I mean, I'm bad, but I'm not that bad.

Sorry, but, this place pretty much blows.
I was in town visiting some friends. They happened to be on a bowling league so I joined them to watch. Lucky Strike is a great place to go with a group of friends. There is a decent lounge area with large couches, games, and corn hole. Once you get on a lane, you have a server who attends to you to order drinks/food and such. The drinks are not super cheap, but this ain't the bowling alley in the middle of nowhere you grew up going to where beers were a quarter a piece and some pedophile was popping popcorn behind the counter. Lucky Strike seems to be catering to a different clientele.
The food consisted of your typical bar food type snacks. We got the pretzels and buffalo tender bites. Both were decent but definitely not gourmet. 
Overall: not super cheap, but something interactive and fun to do in Philly! Especially on a rainy day!
I went on a Saturday night with 14 people with 9 pm reservations for two lanes for two hours. The night was a lot of fun. The place looks great. I appreciated that people were dressed 'nice' due to the dress code. With the reservation, getting on the lanes went very smoothly. Although we got no help in setting up the lanes which took 10 - 15 minutes. 

Drinks were pricey. Cocktails were $11 each. The servers came around often enough. The fries were pretty good but both sauces served with them were weird and not that great. One was Bombay and one was super spicy. We just got some ketchup for them. 

We only got through 1.5 games due to the number of people on the lanes which I expected. I've never bowled with more than 5 people on a lane because it takes so long. However the prices were so high that we were already out $40 per person and didn't want to take up more lanes. 

We had a fun time. If you are going to bowl instead of socialize then there would be cheaper places to do that.
I haven't been bowling in a long time, but I used to enjoy it.  The atmosphere of this place is decent, but the food and drinks are pretty awful.  The bowling lanes themselves felt like they were improperly oiled, as I have a pretty strong curve that pretty much didn't move.  Still, if you want to bowl without leaving the city, your options  are pretty limited. I'll probably be back for lack of better alternatives.
What kind of bowling alley has a DRESS CODE?  This one!

A friend of mine tried to meet us here the other night and was not allowed in because he was wearing a plain white shirt.  Come. On.  I get that this is not supposed to be your average bowling alley, but a DRESS CODE?!  

One star.  Shame on you.
The ambiance is really nice. I was definitely impressed when walking in. Everything was clean and modern. Not to mention the cool ping pong and pool table. Feeling tired while bowling? No problem as they have comfortable leather couches at each lane.

Some downsides: When trying to find bowling balls we could only find weights from 10-15 with not that many finger sizes.

Enjoyed bowling in a group of 8. We got 2 lanes on a Sunday afternoon and played 2 games. The total only came to $12 each. Would definitely go back. Hardest part was trying to find parking around Center City, but if you live around the area or don't get annoyed about finding parking like me than this place is great.
not as bad as i expected!
my friend picked this out for her birthday celebration, and i really wasn't looking forward to this experience. but the music wasn't TOO loud or horrible, it wasn't THAT crowded, and the drinks weren't UNBELIEVABLY expensive. we managed to actually have a really fun time, despite the prices of the lanes. i'd probably go again if someone really wanted to.
We first went there a while ago and enjoyed their fish tacos and sweet potato fries. Tonight, we wanted to repeat the experience. That was a NIGHTMARE.

When we entered, no one was near the door to greet us, so we walked around to find out where to sit. 
After waiting for several minutes, I called this tall skinny guy with a ponytail and black glasses that was walking by, he responds, "I don't work on this floor. What do you want?" I paused in disbelief and said, "I want a server". When the aloof server finally arrived, he gave us menus and immediately asked if we knew what we wanted. Huh?? "You just gave us the menus. Can you give us a minute to decide?"

Our fish tacos were cold - the fried fish was cold and they didn't even warm the tortillas! The tots were ok, BUT the sprinkled sugar on top was corny. I had them take it back, we closed the tab, and went to Wawa. 

I'm NEVER going back to Lucky Strike.
I went for an afternoon company team building event. The atmosphere seemed upscale for a bowling alley so my first impression was a positive one. Then I soon learned the only thing upscale were the price of drinks. We paid a package price for appetizers and 2 hours of bowling, but even though the place was empty except for us, it took the staff 15 minutes to set up the lanes. 

We experienced several mechanical failures while bowling that took several minutes for the staff to fix, but they turned off the lanes exactly 2 hours after we were scheduled to start. Our organizer complained so they gave us an extra 15 minutes due to the late start they conceded was their fault, but all the games had been reset so we didn't even make it through 5 frames before they turned off the lanes again. 

After the lanes were turned back on 4 of us decided to forego the extra 15 minutes of bowling and play pool instead, but again, even though we were the only people there, the staff told us the tables were reserved for a league that was coming in soon so we couldn't use one.

The food was good, which earned it a second star, and as a team building event it was a success because we all agreed that we'll never go there again.

ETA:

I updated my review and gave LSL&L another star because the manager sent a message to let me know he appreciated the feedback and cares what patrons think. No excuses, just a simple thank you, we'll try harder. For that, I'm recanting my previous statement about not going back. He clearly takes reviews seriously and seems sincere about addressing problems like the ones our group experienced, so I'm willing to give them another chance.
Just came home from an after work "happy hour" at Lucky Strike and could not have had a more frustrating experience.  We showed up with 12 people for the specials advertised from 5-7 and went on to book 2 lanes.  We payed for one game at first, planning on adding a second game for those who wanted to stay later.  We were told it would be $10/person for the first game, and then $5/person for every game thereafter.  So we start bowling, eating, and drinking at our leisure, and then just as we were about to finish the game our waitress informed us that we'd have to wrap it up as there was a reserved party coming onto our lane in 10 minutes!

Hearing this surprise, 2 of us immediately went to the host desk to see what the deal was.  The worker there basically told us the same thing so we asked to speak to a manager.  She came over and once again said that we'd have to finish our game in 10 minutes and then evacuate the lane for this private party.  We told her that it was not made known to us from the start that we could only play one game, or that we had to be done in a certain amount of time.  Her response totally made it seem like we were in the wrong and were taking too long, and then offered us a game on her on the next available lane . . .  WHICH WAS IN 2 HOURS!!!

I've been here a bunch of times and had nothing but great experiences each one.  But the audacity of this manager, Shari, to take no responsibility and not even have the decency to make it up to us other than telling us to wait 2 hours fully ensures that this will be my last.  When we told her some of us had just ordered food she said "I'd be happy to have that moved to the couch area for you!"  If you're looking for a fun and easy place to bowl, then North Bowl in Northern Liberties is  much more friendly and accommodating.
Incredibly disrespectful staff. We walked into lucky strike around 8:45 on a Saturday evening and were grouped together with another group of drunk patrons that were disrespectful to the staff. The staff told us we couldn't play pool, could not reserve a lane to bowl, and were basically told to leave and go somewhere else to eat. We hadn't had anything to drink in nearly two hours and were grouped in with the disrespectful group ahead of us in line. It was outrageous. I won't be returning to Lucky Strike anytime soon.
I came here on a Friday night at 7 pm and the place was nearly empty because it was so beautiful outside, so that may be the trick if you want to grab a lane without the wait!

I suggest going in a big group because it can be pricey. We had 5 people and it was around $17/person for an hour. Drinks were not insanely expensive, and the food was reasonably priced as well! 

Food picks: fried sweet potato tots and nachos were both tasty and shareable. 

Very friendly service and attentive wait staff. There is also lots of space to sit and relax (though the music is pretty loud), or play games like giant jenga! Plus there are pool tables and a ping pong table if you want to mix it up. Overall, great place for a night out.
I came here with a group of people from work and actually found it to be pretty relaxing and accommodating at the time I went.  

I had heard horror stories about the price, but it really isn't bad if you go before 8:00 and per game fee rises.  My coworkers all got food and seemed to enjoy it.  I had two yards beers, as i was surprised to see a local brewery in this kind of place. 

Our lane kept getting stuck and not reseting, but the staff was quick to fix the problem each time. 

Security hassled us about a food item a thoughtful coworker brought, but I guess they were just trying to keep the money in the place.
Eh. I think this place is an okay venue for work parties, but that's about it.

Way too expensive for a bowling alley and the drinks are as low quality as you can get.  I'd rather not pay $5 and upwards for a glass of Rex Goliath wine when I can buy a bottle of that cheap stuff at Wine and Spirits for less than they are charging here.

Somehow though, this place brings in the business.  If I asked my friends if they wanted to go here, they'd all look at me like I was on something.  Seriously folks, there are better places to get your bowl on without spending a fortune.
To me bowling is a sport best played in a run-down building with burgers, chicken fingers and beer.  I don't really need huge TV screens everywhere with fancy advertising-quality images.  It's freaky.  Also, I like to pay less than $8 to bowl a game.  I mean really...it's not a high class venture to begin with, why try to make it into one?

The food's good but who goes to a bowling alley specificially for highbrow eats.  All of that said, it seems that whatever they're doing is working for them.  The place was packed and there was a waiting list for the lanes.
Came here for a bachelor party with a large group of guys. Service was average at best. Our waiter disappeared for long periods of time even though we were ordering lots of food and drink. The food was actually pretty good. Drinks were crazy expensive. Skip Lucky Strike and go to North or South Bowl. Overall I think North and South Bowl are much more fun, have better lanes, and better service.
I signed up for a 5 week bowling league at Lucky Strike (LS) and they cancelled our league two weeks in a row.  No explanation was given and it didn't appear that the lanes were closed.  The only conclusion that I can draw is that LS sold us access to the lanes then re-sold it to someone consecutively.  This is the kind of business practice that needs to be brought to the Better Business Bureau's attention.

Other Gripes:
1. LS does not recommend that you use your own ball because the return equipment might damage your bowl.  Not a big deal but...
2. There are not enough balls available.  Everyone in the league wastes time looking for a decent ball to no avail.  Need a ball with XL cut finger holes?  You won't find one unless your willing to use a ball that is 15lbs or greater. 
3. Malfunctioning lanes.  Almost didn't have enough time to bowl against our opponents because the lane equipment couldn't properly decipher the amount of pins hit.  We had to relay the info to the front desk, and if the guy wasn't there, that's your problem.

Lucky Strike is not for your average bowler and certainly not for bowling enthusiasts.  It's a high priced bar that offers you a distraction in the form of low quality bowling.  Oh yeah, be wary of LS selling you access to their lanes then re-selling it.  At least try to be the guy that buys it the second time around.
My friends and I came to lucky strike for their 9pm special when you can get unlimited bowling for $15 bucks from 9pm to midnight. It's a great deal compared to what the lanes cost to rent during the weekends or Friday night. The venue is really big and it's nice that there is nice seating and lounges to sit while you wait for your turn. There's generic bar food that you can order and it's not the best so I would stick the bowling and drinks. A beer will run you 6 bucks so it's not too expensive. The service was good but the waiter for our lane wasn't very attentive and we had to go to the bar to order drinks. A really fun night with friends but I would not pay the full price for this on the weekends. For $15 bucks form 9 to midnight, it was worth it
I wish I could give this place negative stars (I know that is a very stereotypical thing to say, but it is true).  The service here is absolutely awful, and it is very hard to get me irate about such things.  Having worked in the service industry for many years before my current corporate career, I understand a LOT of the frustrations associated with customer service, but this just got my blood boiling. 

To start off, I will say that the bartender was very attentive and funny.  We had 2 beers because our friends were going to be late, so why not?  He joked around, perhaps a little too much considering his sailor mouth, but an upright fellow nonetheless.

Okay, now that we have the ONLY positive experience out of the way, let me say that if anything arises that is the lounge's fault, expect to get a MASSIVE attitude from the staff.  For NO good reason.  Example:

We were quoted at 1 hour and 15 minutes for wait time for a lane - no problem, we could just drink and be merry while playing an OVERPRICED game of pool.  Ordered some food, no big deal.  Next thing we know, 2 hours has gone by and a family that came in 15 minutes before had gotten a lane.  We thought nothing of it, since they do reservations - until I approached the front desk.  I simply asked, "Just wondering when we can get a lane, it has been a while, but no worries, it seems busy."  I got a complete blank stare from the first guy, the female manager WALKED AWAY, and the next guy jumped in and said, "Sorry, your reservation was declined."  Excuse me?  My reservation was declined? They had no explanation to give, except to put me back at the top of the list.  I considered myself fortunate to even get THAT.

Next, we go to pay (after I had to convince my guests to even stay) and are once again ignored very rudely, when no one is in line.  After I ask them to please process our lane, after nearly 3 HOURS, I get a huff and a compliance.  This prompted me to then request free shoes since apparently no one in the lounge wanted to provide appropriate customer service.  The manager clearly gave us a look of disdain and complied.  (Note: I shouldn't have to ask for a courtesy we were clearly entitled to.)

We then sit down only to find that they had waited to tell us we needed to pay for the pool, and charged us for multiple hours, when CLEARLY we had handed the balls in before our hour had been spent.  Are you kidding me?  When we hand the balls back, clearly we are done.  Sorry, bro, one hour it is.  Again, major attitude from management.

Finally, at the end of the night, I misplaced my jacket (clearly, my mistake) and I approached the female manager politely and asked if any coats had been turned in and I get a stern, "no."  Again, RUDE.  (I found my jacket.)

This place is an absolute joke.  There is clearly no training conducted, absolutely no regard for customer service (except the bartender, and maybe the wait staff), and an overall waste of all that money.  Mind blowing!
There are a couple good things about Lucky Strikes and there are a lot of bad things.

Let me start with the good...

1. The couches are awesome.
2. The decor is inviting.
3. The bowling looked fun.

Now the bad.

1. Our reservation was for 11pm. They didn't even open to the public until 11:30. They had the gall to tell us that we only had a 15 minute window to make our reservation. We were not able to book a lane until at least 1 am. Whatever, we were more interested in drinks.

2. Which were not awesome. Drinks were sub par and waaay overpriced. $6 for a light beer!? Fuck you. $4 for a club soda with no liquor!?!? Fuck your mom, too.

3. Staff is... well... let's just say my mama told me that if I don't have anything good to say about someone then don't say anything at all. Except Josh, he's cool.

4. The clientele was super douchey. What is this, the prom?

This place is crap. If you want to bowl, go to a real bowling alley. If you want to drink, go to a real bar.
I recently planned a client event at Lucky Strike for a conference we were attending. Chelsea was very helpful and accommodating as we had several issues that popped up from changing our date to our lane size and attendee count.

Docking one star because the food didn't come out until 30 minutes after the event started and it could've came out in a better order (apps first, main & dessert).

We ended up having a suite with four lanes, a ping pong table and pool table. It was the perfect size with plenty of room for our party of ~50 attendees. We had four people looking after us and they did a really nice job ensuring we always had drinks & taking up plates (even if they weren't ready to be picked up but at least they were on it).

DRINKS
The Pink Elephant is delicious - must try!!!

FOOD
I ordered several different items so we'd have a good spread. 
MUST TRY:
Wings with all flavors - the asian zing was definitely the best. Seriously so delicious!
Smoked Gouda Mac n Cheese Bites - very rich but really tasty. They brought these out last though so many people were already stuffed before getting to enjoy their claim to fame.
Burger Sliders - so delicious you have to order these. Ordered 30 which was way too much but they were absolutely delicious. Probably my favorite item and I heard that from several others.
Caesar Salad - didn't try but heard it was good!
Steak & Blue Cheese Boat - really delicious. Comes with 3 "boats"!
Brownies - pretty good!
SKIP:
Chips & Guac - basic. Not a lot of flavor.
Pizza - a lot of dough but was eaten. It says 2 servings per pizza - definitely at least 5 servings.
Cookies - nothing special, go with brownies!
Sweet Potato Tots - not a big hit but they were good.
I was at Lucky Strike again for a happy hour recently and my experience was much better - it was easy to get drinks and our bartender (Noelle) was outstanding, serving us shots and being friendly and cool. Everyone else who was there had an enjoyable time - and we had about 30-40 people there! Recommended.
I like this place because it's big.  I definitely don't come here to bowl (too expensive and long waits) and the drinks aren't super cheap.  But there are two large floors, each with plenty of room to stand around, lounge on the couches, or dance to the dj, and you can bring a large group here and still have your space.
While I'm writing this review, my lane stopped working and the people in the front desk handled the situation so poorly. They just do not care enough about the customers.

My lane got blocked 3 times and I can see on their faces they are not willing to help at all.

Great place waitress was beautiful and very nice, but the front desk people need to find different job. Peace
not sure if i would enjoy it on the weekend...if the service was better then yea...

we had a truly awesome waiter...he was very nice and cool, but getting his attention was here and there...we were on the third floor and it was fairly empty...but for 8-10 i wasn't overly shocked...so i think due to the slowness, it affected the waiter and he wasn't on top of things as much, but i did always have a lager within 5-10 minutes of an empty glass...

they do a reverse happy hour that was pretty cool...from 9-11...$3 domestic drafts...woohoo for lager!...$4 wine...$5 well/rail drinks...$4 plain pizzas...$2 soft pretzels...that is a great deal for center city...granted a monday, but none the less, great...

so, i think it was great on a monday...on the weekends the bowling is much more expensive, and if the service was like this, then i would rather just be bowling and drinking elsewhere
too flashy, too expensive, too annoying. not sure it it was an off day. but the service sucked too. i had met up with a party after bartending all day at a wedding. all i wanted to do, was chill and have someone bring my drinks for a change. when the girl finally came over. she was wearing sunglasses. i am guessing, it was to hide the fact that she was less than sober. i asked for a kettle and club with a lemon. after 15 minutes, i got a pear absolute with 7up. no lemon. she told me, thats what she likes to drink, so she assumes i'll like it too. are you kidding me? wtf? i sent it back. waited another 15 minutes for the drink i wanted. no lemon. asked her for a lemon. she never came. i had to get it myself. the crowd was too yuppie with fancy jeans. i was just not impressed and more than annoyed. i never went back, and have no plan to.
It's not a bad place to chill for a happy hour - the pool tables, TV screens, and ample space is always good. The slightly inflated bowling prices are bad. Also it's impossible to get a drink (maybe things have changed?) as there's always a mob by the bar until the happy hour is over. You'll love this place, hate it, or straddle the fence like me.
We went here - believe it or not- for our neighbor'd 5 year old daughter's birthday party.
Um - OK - a 5 year old.  FIVE.

F.I.V.E.

OK.  We brought our 3 year old.  There were about 14 kids from ages 3 - 12 and their assorted parents.  It was a Saturday during the afternoon.

This place is really neat - but it's more like a club-slash-bowling alley.

It is NOT where I would have a kids party - but surprisingly it all worked.  The adults had drinks and lots of fried-bad-for-you apps.
The kids ate a grocery-store cake that they brought and Lucky Strikes made little cheese pizzas for each kid.

They did not have any milk for my 3 year old so she got all sugared up on a big glass of OJ.

Dudes, this is not a kids place.  A sweet sixteen (like Rumer Willis - allegedly had at the Lucky Stikes in LA) maybe - but not a freakin' five year old.
Everytime I have been here I got the same thing-- the burger with the onion rings!!! Honestly I think this is one of the best burgers I've ever had.  Their happy hour is ok, but honestly I've been here more just to have a burger at lunch than to go out at night.

Also, the burgers come with home made potato chips and they are to die for.  They usually are warm, too, when they are served.  Not your typical bowling alley food for sureeeee.
Four stars for the decent number of well maintained pool tables.  For billiards, there's not too many options in Philly so this place is my go-to.  

Also, decent service and good tater tots!
I just came here with my company and even though I did not have any lucky strikes (bowling is not exactly my forte), I still had a really great time! We had two lanes for a 2-hour slot, as well as lots of food and drinks. My favorite items were the salad, the mac n cheese bites, and the buffalo chicken wings. We also had spinach artichoke dip, grilled chicken skewers, and apple and brie quesadillas, which were all very good. 

The bowling alley itself is very spacious. When I was there, there weren't many people, so it felt like we had a whole corner of the alley to ourselves. The service I experienced was also very pleasant. Unfortunately, I do not know how much it cost for us to be there, but I will update this review if I ever find out!
Good music, good time. The beers are overpriced but that's to be expected. We called ahead to get in line for a lane and it was ready when we got there. I always prefer drinking-with-activities to drinking-and-standing, so this was perfect.

Also, there's a Rite Aid down the street if you need to buy socks.
Came here for the Halloween event. The event was well organized and easy to communicate with the staff, etc. 

A lot of my friends really like this place..but I wasn't too impressed. 

There's regular bowling then in the back is a full bar, and lots of couch seating, and a little dance floor. Music was all top 40, fun dance music. Plus! The lighting wasn't just dark, but rather has some colorful lighting also. I don't want to seem like a brat, but the lighting did throw me off lol. 

The drinks were really expensive. $10.50 for a vodka water in a plastic cup. My shot of jager was $7 so I was confused. Like.. I coulda gone across the street to a real bar and gotten that for $6-8. I think there's a cover sometimes to get in here also. 

I might go here for a random evening, maybe a date. But I will not be returning on my own accord for a night out.

Crowd: usual 20 somethings, no one too preppy, no one super ratchet.
Recently visited Lucky Strike for the first time and I had a blast. The venue is modern and clean, and the ambiance is energetic and fun.

Let's get the obvious thing out of the way---it's not the cheapest place in the world. I'm honestly not sure how much the bowling cost (I did not pay), but the food and drink were definitely on the pricier side, with cocktails running at $15 a pop. That said, the food and drinks were tasty so that took some of the sting out of the prices.

The bowling area was cozy with comfortable chairs to relax on during the games and enough separation from the other lanes.

One thing to note: Lucky Strike hosts a LOT of private events, so it's a good idea to call ahead to make sure they're not closed. Reservations are available online, but we were able to walk in on a Friday night and get a lane after just a 30 minute wait. If you want to bowl in a lively atmosphere and acknowledge that you'll be paying a bit of a premium, Lucky Strike will provide a fun time.
Took some of the grandkids here: Shlomo, Ace, Lenny, Larry and David, as well as my wife, on a Sunday night.  This is not a place where you really go if you are only interested in having some fun bowling.  This is more like a night club or bar.  The grandkids had trouble bowling because of all the lights and TVs that were blasting.  Really hard to focus.  Larry and David have their own balls, but the others don't and it was really hard for them to find a ball they could use.  They really didn't have a good time.  Probably too much of an "adult place" for them. 

My wife sure enjoyed it though.  She hung out at the bar all night and drank.  I could barely get her into the car she was so drunk.  She must have had 4 martini's and a few beers too.  She had 3 small pizzas as well.  I can't believe she bowled after drinking and eating so much, but she actually played two games and bowled a 178 and 193.  She used to be a professional bowler so she is really good, apparently even when drunk.  After she bowled, she had a couple of more drinks - I think Maker's Marks - that's when she could barely make it to the car.  Not a good example for the grandkids, but she said she wanted to enjoy herself. 

So, this place is okay, just not for bowling.  If you just want to bowl and focus on your bowling game, try somewhere else!  If you like to drink and just chill, this is a good place!
This place is aight. Lots of trend with a dash of kitsch. I normally don't dig that combination, but who can say no to drunken bowling?

I've been here a few times with friends, and it's a good way to start off a night. The only downside is that it's almost always insanely busy. By "insanely busy," I only mean that all the lanes are taken up - thankfully, there's still plenty of room to lounge about, have a drink, watch a game, or shoot some pool.

All in all, this place is okay by me. I'm not a huge fan of bowling, but with liquor, snacks, and friends, it's a pretty good time. 

Pro-tip: On Thu/Fri/Sat, call ahead to make sure that lanes are even still available for the night. Unless you want to end your night bowling, try to get there before 9pm.
I went here on a Monday night for a friend's birthday party. I'll tell you what, it was pretty cool. They had the phils game on everywhere! Projection screens at every table, all above each bowling lane, TV's everywhere, this place would be awesome to come for major games. 

The bowling was your typical bowling. Hard to mess that up really, when I was there it was 5 dollars a game per person and 4 dollars shoe rental. You can also have 10 ppl play per lane. I haven't been bowling in a long time but that didn't seem too expensive. The Pool tables were 15 an hour and they had drink specials of 2 dollar coors light and miller light. 

So again it was a monday night so there weren't too many people, but I could see how annoying it would be for someone trying to bowl if they had to wait in line.  

Bottom line, this place is a nice change of pace from all the bars in old city and rittenhouse and an awesome place to watch sporting events.
This is a different option for happy hour after a long day at work. In my head to keep customers from getting too drunk there are so many things to do while eating and possibly drinking. What place in center city Philadelphia can you find pool tables. bowling, table and video games? Not many that I'm aware of. A few months ago I attended a Sixers season ticket holder event here at Lucky Strike. During the event the staff did a very good job of keeping the hors d'oeuvres following nicely throughout the space and timed perfectly.  This would be a nice choice for an after work event or a party as they have spaces specifically for these types of events.

On this occasion I stopped in after a fashion show at Macy's across the street and before a movie at the Prince Theater a block away. This lounge is very close and convenient to shopping, other more formal dining and the arts in Philadelphia. During happy hour they have a nice drink and food selection menu. I have added the menu to my attached photos. Whenever I can find the 'City Wides' special I always order it, here the cost is $3.00 and you have the choice of Miller High Life Beer or Pabst Blue Ribbon. I think it's a nice touch to have an option. Since I would be in the movie theater for a few hours and the Prince does not sell actual food not to mention the concessions are way overpriced in my opinion, why not grab something to eat. In fast food and non seafood establishments I'm generally reluctant to order fish but in this case 'Fish and Chips' were $8.00 during happy hour so I went for it. I'm glad I did as this was not the typical frozen Mrs. Paul's codfish. I was very pleased with the crispiness of the batter and the flakiness of the 'meaty' fish. The fries appeared to be in house 'fresh' cut fries, they had a nice crisp not over cooked texture and not overly salty. The service was fair nothing to speak of one way or another, so no need to address it. For a review that can be a bad thing. 

The next time I'm downtown I will make sure to stop in and try another item on the menu. The MAJOR concern I have is, the customers tend to congregate in front of the entrance making it difficult for people walking on the pavement to pass easily. When you say excuse me in order to continue to pass the customers leaving or going into Lucky Strike can be very rude and ignorant with their response or lack there of. This may be a deterrent to some customers that may consider going inside. This should be monitored and addressed by Lucky Strike!! I'll reserve the option to update and increase the stars or review score based on more information. Until then happy hour bowling!
Rude staff. Wait for hours. Not worth your time. If you like TGI Fridays and waiting around this place is a blast.
I would give this place negative stars if I could. Call ahead of time, they say no wait. We get there and the lady says give them half hour. Okay. 1 hour later the lady says "I lied" when I said she told us half an hour. I was baffled. Thirty minutes later and we're still waiting. Probably not even going to bowl now. Everything costs money while you wait also. Service sucks. Avoid.
DING!  DING! DING!

Lucky Strike you are lucky enough to be my 100th review!  (I am throwing confetti in the air between key strokes).

I was involved in a large event at Luck Strike last year and was very pleased with how it went down.  The service was good the food and the food was excellent.   I had a great time not having to worry about all the details because the event coordinator was very helpful from start to finish.  I can't really speak much about the bowling aspect because I spent more time boozing and eating than actually bowling but it seemed like everyone actually bowling was having a good time.
Was there for a fundraiser on Saturday Night. Had 3 lady bartenders that were on top of their game all night. Madie, Kiara and Taylor. Lucky Strike did good with hiring these ladies. Couldn't have asked for better service from them. They made our experience and open bar worth it!
Very cool sports bar/lounge/bowling alley but service was terrible. The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because of the atmosphere itself. Was here twice in one day, first time wasn't terrible it was just the bartender told me the only bottles they carried were Miller lite and coors lite and I'm not a fan of either or tap beer but I did have a draft, bartender seemed like he was new beings he was slow and didn't seem to know what or where things were. I drank my beer and we went to check into our room. Decided to come back and give it another try in the evening to grab a bite to eat and watch the game because the place is basically wrapped with tvs which is great because we were looking for a place to watch the game. Sat down at the bar, making the total at the bar 4 now with my fianc and me, and sat there for a good 15 min before having to call the bartender over to us to order a drink, which he advised me they did have more then just 2 kinds of bottled beers. Told him that we were looking to have a bite to eat also and asked if they were cooking and he said yes and walked away, which we thought he was going to get us menus. Instead he went over to go play on his phone. Sat there for another 15 min before having to call him over away from his phone to ask if we could see menus. He then gave us menus and walked away. And then the wait went on again for about another 20 min or so, making me wanting to leave and go somewhere else but my fianc said no because she was hungry. Called him over again and asked if we could order, took our order and then on the way over to the machine started talking and laughing with the other bartenders for a good 5-10 min before putting our order in. Food came out quickly and was very good but after the long wait I needed a refill on my drink. I tried to get his attention as he was down at the other end of the bar on his phone again for a couple glasses of water but no such luck. Sat there for another half hour with empty plates in front us and empty drinks before I stood up and waved him over for the check. He seemed a little annoyed though that I interrupted whatever he was doing on his phone. Used the bathroom on the way out and it looked like someone dumped the garbage out on the floor and either one of the urinals were leaking or someone urinated on the floor. The bowling looked fun but we will not be back to eat or have a couple drinks and watch the game that's for sure.
I definitely enjoyed myself while I was there.  The drinks and food are a little pricey, but nothing too outrageous.  It is in Center City, after all.


From what I can gather from the other reviews, though, my positive experience probably had everything to do with the fact that we got there early (around 6:30).  Our server was very attentive, our food came out relatively quickly, and we were able to jump on a lane right away.

And drunk bowling = lots-o-fun.

Only one real complaint: the check that we got at the end of the night had extra items on it that we hadn't ordered.  I'd really like to think that it was an honest mistake, but $18 worth of extra food, and a couple extra Blue Moons?  I dunno..... kinda lame.
I think a good time to go to Lucky Strikes would have to be during the afternoon time, 1st of all they have a dress code and you dont dress up you may not have a chance of getting in. But also you have to have ID after a certain time i think its 9 or 10. When i went there it was late on a Friday night and it was crowded and too packed. I only drank there  and just jammed to the music, since the bowling section was packed. I wouldnt mind going back there but it would be awesome to have a group of people there and of course the worst part is to find parking since it is downtown.
I was actually pretty impressed with the food and I think they lowered their prices too! I had the asian salad and potstickers and both were yummy. The rest of my table got all kinds of things that looked good too. I also had a few cocktails off their specialty drink menu that were really good.

We bowled and drank more after dinner and had a blast. It definitely is on the expensive side but lots of fun!
Clearly from the other Yelp reviews -- this is either a love it or hate it place.   I fell into the "love it" camp.  Yes, clearly this isn't a traditional bowling alley -- its in the middle of center city and has a bouncer. That should be your first clue!
For someone who doesn't love bowling, but likes hanging out and having an activity to do while drinking a few bevvies, Lucky Strikes is a great place to accomplish that.  It is totally sparkling clean, has a great lounge/bar area to hang out in, and plays fun music. This is not the cheesy bowling alley that middle schoolers frequent for a 12th bithday party; good mix of people for sure. The big TVs at the end of each lane are good entertainment too.
Came in here on New Years day, hoping to escape the cold and have some fun! The prices are moderately reasonable for a bowling alley in Center City, although there are cheaper more low-key places in other parts of the city. The location is very central and a nice spot for those visiting the city. We didn't have the food but they had this lovely beer tower that was enough for my husband and I (it has about 7 beers in it). We really liked that they had ping-pong and pool tables at only $10 an hour. Even if you're not into bowling, this place has other forms of entertainment, seating for food if you're not bowling, and a bar. I would come back!
i went for a kids birthday party. The kids had a great time but the parents did have to deal with bad service and attitudes. Because i am not worth it, I felt like i should be on my knees for being served. The Drinks were expensive. The best time to visit this place is off peak hours. Great for kids birthday party.
Since a lot of times the day and time and context of a visit greatly influences a first impression of a place, I'm sticking with 4 stars for Lucky Strike. I'd have to go a few more times to be able to tell whether bumping it up a star is meritable (is that a word?)

There are plenty of admissions that can be made for this place, like that it's a bit hipstery (whatever it means), the game prices are high, the over-abundance of screens can be both nice and annoying, among other things (like the bouncer), but in my experience the whole place represents a very refined modern day way of spending a simple night out and having some fun. The music was diverse (3 songs I really like and was surprised to hear), the food was GOOD, the place was spacious, the floating screens ruled, there were bowling lanes available (they're not to be taken seriously, just in fun), there were pool tables if you prefer, the bathrooms were just fine, no cover charge, a nice stacking and blending of areas and aesthetics: bar, semi-couch-chaises, tables, barstool tables behind the side bowling lane seats, and 2 levels/floors each with a slightly different look and feel.
It was like Dave & Busters without the videogames, and nicer.

Overall it's an easy place to hang out and have fun without feeling too formal or too disorganized. Dress how you like, take a date or a friend, and enjoy yourself!
I stopped by Lucky Strike on a Saturday afternoon and I can see why some people on here bash it. To be honest, if you want to go just straight up bowling, LS might not be for you. It has the look and feel of a Stephen Starr establishment and the prices to match. Personally, I liked the atmosphere and got a kick out of the waitresses fishnet stockings. My only gripe is that there was a wait of approx 90 min at 3pm on a Saturday so if you really want to get some games in maybe go on a weekday. I also got a kick out of the transition of families bowling in the afternoon to mid 20-somethings coming in for the evening to socialize.
Lucky Strike Haiku
---
Awesome bowling lanes
Thirty dollars for two games
Food was quite sub-par
i just realized i never reviewed this place after i attended a yelp elite event here a year or so ago!

i was happy to get a lane recently on a chilly sunday. they warned my friend and i that it was right next to a kids birthday party. i appreciated that warning. it was not too bad actually, the funniest part of my most recent trip here was the adults next to us. they seemed annoyed that we were using the same balls they were. they were giving passive aggressive looks and didn't speak up when we asked if they needed that one, or this one, etc. it turns out the one lady brought her own bowling ball, and she didn't want to share it. ughhhhh sorryyyyy - it didn't look any different than the others!
Really cool place to chill and have some fun with friends in downtown Philly. They were running a special the night we were there - $15 for unlimited bowling, ping pong and pool, plus shoes. Doesn't get much better!! The atmosphere was laid back and the music was perfect. They have a full bar and several beers on tap. Our sever stayed on top of making sure everyone was good and service was on par. I would definitely recommend it!
The place is a lot of fun, and if you go in as an individual, I would probably give it 3 stars (good is only "okay"). 

However, if you try to bring over a group their events people are HORRIBLE. They provide no flexibility or interest in working with you. To say throwing a party here is the WORST experience would be an under statement. I have had one party here, last year, because they worked with us and it was great. Wanted to try again this year, and they went back to being unworkable. 

I just told the person planning this corporate event to slap me if I ever suggest going to Lucky Strike again.   They have absolutely no customer service.
Nice concept but poorly executed. The server we had assumed her tip before I had a chance to give it to her. When I asked for my change she got and attitude and when she return with my change she began to question me on how the service was. There are better place to play pool and bowl IMO.
OK, now that my 3 year old is nearly 7 - this place is a wee bit more appropriate.  (Incidentally she had her 6th birthday party and will have her 7th also at North Bowl).  Meanwhile - we popped in for a quick game (she bowled - I watched - our poor server, Dennis (bless his heart) served us 2 glasses of water).  $11.00 for 1 game ($5.95) plus show rental.

Sheesh.  Glad I didn;t order a cocktail.

Meanwhile - the BASE price for a kis party here is now $25 a head.

The music was very loud - but they turned it down for us.
Lanes are clean and seating is comfortable.

Very "clubby" - just as it was when we came here years ago.

The 7 year old loves it! (But - she did say that she likes North Bowl better - and so do I for many reasons.)

It sure ain't the crappy old bowling alley that I grew up with!
Went bowling finally. No gin. Vodka and cranberry ripoff was $10 in a small rock glass with mostly ice. No receipt. Attention to the OWNER: FYI no receipt means your bartender is stealing from you. Period. Otherwise the super mega hyper overpriced bowling was fun. Never going again here, though.
Pros: delicious food, clean inside, five dollar city wides. 

Cons: weird coded language about their dress code (fitted, neat clothing - it seems like they are trying to keep out a certain demographic), food is delicious but small portions for the cost, parties are obviously valued more than individual customers. I understand why because they're paying more money, but we couldn't play a game of pool at any of the three empty pool tables because they were "reserved." However, we were able to play after a half hour. 

Overall, it's a bar that also has bowling. If you can, I would recommend a bowling alley that also has a bar. You'll avoid the loud music and pay significantly less.
Taylor, Madie and Kiara did a great job! Always had a drink ready before I barely could ask. 
Best bartenders in Philly.
Awesome place. The drinks are a tad bit overpriced, but the service is good. Friday is strike night, meaning if you get a neon pin as the head pin and bowl a strike, you get a free hour of bowling! Naturally I got a free hour :-)
I have been to lucky strike half a dozen times and every time it's been awesome. Whether you're into bowling, pool, ping pong or any of the games they offer you are almost guaranteed to have a blast!! The waiters are quite attentive and drink are definitely on point. They have a happy hour that you might want to check out. Also I just recently found out that the third floor becomes a lounge area after certain hours on Fridays and Saturdays. 

Ps the Irish nachos are soooo delicious. Burgers are quite large with good options. Sweet potato fries were yummy too.
Server with the dreads was so very rude, she didn't even want to take our table, the servers were debating on which one would take my family of 5. The server that eventually came over to us didn't even want anything to do with us. He was condescending and eventually disappeared and we never saw him again. This was my first time here and it probably is going to be my families last.
Pretentious, expensive, and loud. First of all, what kind of bowling alley has a dress code? That's right: dress code. WTF. The food is mediocre, the drinks are stupid expensive, and the bowling isn't cheap either. I've been here a couple times because I felt like it was only fair to judge them on a few visits rather than just one crap one, but I don't think I'd go back again. It's basically an upscale-ish night club that happens to have some bowling lanes and is filled with bros. 

I think I'll pass.
Whatever you do...do NOT lean against the wooden bar by the pool tables on the right.  It is about to collapse.  Our server wouldn't even let us put drinks on it.  
The bouncer spoke as if he had, not just cotton in his mouth, but a fully un-shorn ewe in there.  We decided to proceed with caution and he let us through.
Once inside, it is a pretty cool place.  Lots of TVs, OK pool tables, bowling (of course) and a large bar.  They often have private parties here and it is definitely a nice place to have one.  I think Flo Rida (as evidenced by his posters) was doing some cd-releasing later that night.  Not completely sure.
This place is definitely worthwhile to check out.  There is nothing like it downtown, and it is quite fun.  Don't go if you are too emo or too ghetto.  There's a bit of a dress code instituted by "the man."
Absurdly overpriced. $9 for a watered down whiskey and an extra $2 to get it on ice. Horrible service and insanely expensive. We split the check on 2 different cards and when the transaction cleared it all went I to one card. Avoid at all cost.
Heard great things about lucky strike in other cities was really excited to go. Interior was cool and bartenders looked decent. However front desk staff was absolutely horrible. Not sure if it was his first day or not but if so he shouldn't have been alone taking care of customers. We waited 25 min in line just to get a lane mind you there were only two people in front of us... there was not
Many people there so I couldn't really understand why service was so lax. Then our lane wouldn't work and it took another 20 minutes for them just to get someone to look into the problem for us. Manager didn't even come over to our lane to remedy the situation. Majority of staff did not know what they were doing. We waited 45 minutes and didn't even bowl, eventually after waiting all that time we asked for our money because we couldn't wait any longer. Staff had attitude when we expressed our frustrations. Extremely disappointed will not be back unless they decide to fix these issues
