After working up a sweat at Maha nearby, Melissa P and I decided to reward ourselves with a semi-splurge lunch at Luke's Lobster. The lobster roll combo comes with chips and a drink for $17, which is a deal when you consider the fact that you are eating lobster, just a bit pricier than I would normally spend on lunch. Totally worth it for a special treat. 

The roll was pleasantly stuffed with big chunks of lobster meat, and just the right amount of butter and a bit of seasoning. If I could think of one thing that would make it even better it would be a slice of lemon to squirt on top. The pickle was great, and the chips were the delish kettle-cooked kind. I thought the seating inside was really cute and a lot more plentiful than I expected for such a small place. 

I've been thinking about the lobster roll ever since I ate it nearly a week ago, so if that doesn't say five stars, I don't know what does.
BEST lobster rolls outside of New England. There, I said it. Packed with HUGE chunks of lobster meat, very little mayo. Sprinkled with their secret spice blend and on a perfect, appropriate buttered roll. The whole fam was highly impressed when we headed here for a super casual Mother's Day. I mean, when mama wants a lobster roll, a lobster roll is what she gets. With sammies right here in Philly this good, we may never have to take her to Maine. Although there we would call it "lobstah". 

Simple menu, simple shop. Big impact. 
Our large group grabbed a picnic table inside the tastefully decorated nautical joint. You really felt like you were on deck with drift wood, strategically placed nets and hooks! Totally dug the feels and for a moment we forgot we were on Rittenhouse. We brought a bottle of champs along as it's BYO, and we also purchased some Maine blueberry sodas and ginger beers to go along with the seafood. 

The table ordered the lobster rolls, the Luke's Trio which is a smaller portion of their crab, shrimp and lobster rolls, and clam chowdah made at Hurricane's in Maine and served with traditional oyster crackers . Oh wait, this is Philly, I mean chowdER. All were absolutely LOVED! Lots of "oohing and ahhhing". The fam all agreed the food was a solid 5 star. So fresh and delicious. The fam appreciated the board at the front of house that lists where that weeks catch was from. Made it all feel very authentic from what is hard to believe is a chain. 

Cape Cod kettle chips, poppy seed slaw and side salads too. There's also the option to add chilled lobster tail for just $5. And 4th Street Famous Cookies are available for dessert. 

Prices were fairly reasonable especially compared to what were used to paying in New England. 

Everyone looks forward to a return visit and most importantly, mom was very happy! 

See you soon Luke's. Thanks.
The only bad thing about Luke's Lobster is that we don't have one back home. Walking the streets of Philly, there are endless options of places to eat. A quick search on Yelp directed us to this little, casual hole in the wall. The prices and serving sizes were so much better than back home and the quality of the seafood was amazingly fresh. 

While the place was relatively empty when we arrived, it filled up quickly as it was around dinner time. The person behind the counter was quick to help answer any questions and help us order. We received our meal pretty quickly. Instead of local craft beer, we opted for something from their selections of Maine sodas... which were really crisp and refreshing. When we ordered a combo selection (Noah's Ark) and added chowder (always have to add chowder, right??). The food came quickly and there was sooo much! In our sampler we ordered we each had 1/2 lobster roll, 1/2 crab roll and 1/2 shrimp roll. Geez Louise they were so yummy. Even for a 1/2 portion of each, they were stuffed with meat. There wasn't too much sauce or seasoning.... it was perfect. The chowder was just ok, but warmed me up on a chilly night. It wasn't bad, just a bit plain and dull - but nothing a little hot sauce couldn't help. 

We were to pleased to hear that they also have locations in Georgetown and central DC area. What pleased us even more was to find out they have a Las Vegas location.... can't wait to try it out next time we get to Vegas.
Oh, its true, Luke's had the best seaFOOD in Philly. 

One afternoon, I had one order of Taste of Maine($23). And what to expect whan you're expecting a taste of Maine?! Three types of seafood ( lobster, shrimp and crab) 1/2 roll of each, drink, light slaw & a chips bag. The rolls were petite in size but big in flavor. My favorite was the sweet "pink shrimp", a real delicacy, Maine style. 
Did you know I used to hate shrimps?
Dirty darn shrimps...
Don't even talk to me about shrimps...
Now..
They are my absolute favorite, and Luke's makes an excellent "shrimp roll," a very satisfying, sweet lobster roll, and an okayish crab roll. The three were split- top warm hot-dog like bun, dripping with yummy mayo. 

P.S: My Lobster that day was from Stonington, Maine " named for its granite quarries!"
 
Three and half Yelps.
As I stood in front of the menu at Luke's, I wonder if one of my friends thought my brain was going to explode.  On the one hand, I really wanted to try the crab roll, but my friends kept telling me how the shrimp roll was their favorite.  At the same time, I couldn't not try the lobster roll seeing as how they have "lobster" in their name.  Even if I do like crab better than lobster...right?

"You know Mike, you can just get the Taste of Maine and try all three rolls at once."

SOLD!

While all three rolls were pretty good, I have to agree with my friends - I thought the Shrimp Roll was the best.  Each roll was pretty loaded, but the Shrimp was literally oveflowing with buttery deliciousness.  As for the Lobster Roll, it was a close second.  Although the lobster could have been a little more flavorful, I liked how large and fresh the chunks of meat were.  Similarly, the crab meat was okay, but could have packed a little more "umph".  

As good as the food at Luke's Lobster is though, it's definitely not cheap.  For $20, the Taste of Maine gets you the three rolls that are roughly half the size of a regular order, a bag of chips, and a drink.  Definitely good, but a little pricey.  However, assuming you're not coming here all the time (or that you're passing through town like me), Luke's is worth the splurge!
Hidden Gem in the heart of Philly! 

Hands down best lobster roll I've ever had!! Soft, buttery, grilled bread filled with chunks of fresh seafood of your choice (lobster, crab, or shrimp). I had half lobster which was made with a hot buttery sauce and the half crab which had a subtle sweet taste to it. I love the fact they give you the options of doing half sizes and being able to order all 3. I also had the lobster bisque which was heavenly! It's had a good amount of lobster chunks in it. Although the portions are on the smaller end I feel the pricing is reasonable being that you're getting high quality seafood and the bread! Still can't get over how crunchy and buttery the bread was!! They have bottled drinks, free water and the option to BYOB! 

Love the decor! Harbor rustic theme. There's Nautical decor covering the walls with wooden tables and metal seating. They have fast and super friendly service, we were approached twice by the staff members to make ensure we enjoyed our food. I highly recommend this place if you're in the area or in the mood for a good roll!
My mother woke up and decided it was a lobster roll kind of day. The Luke's Lobster we ate at before on 11th Street has since closed so we chose the remaining location in Rittenhouse Square versus Salty's Seafood because they were only offering a 35.00 pri fixe menu as far as we could tell from the online menu.

As far as dine in, there is only one table outside the storefront. We were offered seats inside at the counter because there were no other customers at the time. 

If you read my review for the other Luke's Lobster I stand by that 100 percent and could have copied and pasted that review here. It's just terribly overpriced. BUT, these rolls were packed with delicious, tender, buttery lobster on the most perfectly toasted roll. We could have used a fork and more napkins but sitting outside on a perfect autumn day eating that was pure bliss.
The GF and I were invited to Luke's Lobster's soft opening, which amounted to a tasting of the fresh Maine offerings that are slated to hit Rittenhouse Square today, May 16th. Located right next to Underdogs, this seems to be the perfect location for lobster rolls. But is Philly in need of another lobster roll? There are quite a few, including those at Oyster House and Stephen Starr's Route 6. But I suppose the better question is - is Philly in need of a great lobster roll? As I tasted Luke's offerings, the answer is a resounding yes! Better yet, it's more affordable than its competitors and dare I say, the quality of the crustacean is allowed to shine.

Typically, lobster rolls are associated with prices that surpass the $20 pleteau. In fact, at Oyster House and Route 6, lobster rolls are $26 and $24 respectively. And unfortunately, compared to Luke's Lobster, those rolls are overdressed in mayo, which masks the innate sweetness of the succulent lobster. So how are Luke's low price points possible? It all starts with the source - fresh Maine lobster from his own seafood company, which maintains relationships with local lobstermen. 

Just hours after being farmed from Maine's waters, the lobsters are steamed, picked, and sealed in bags to lock in their freshness and prevent contamination. This maintains consistency and freshness throughout all of Luke's Lobster's outposts. And with multiple locations in NYC and DC, it's prime time Luke and his business partner, Ben Conniff, brought these bad boys to Philly. 

In addition to samples of their rolls, Luke's Lobster graciously had some beers and wine on ice for the soft opening. So enough talk - let's get on with the food and drink!

Peak Organic Summer Session Ale
Peak Organic Brewing Company 

The Peak Organic was a dry hoppy pale ale with a light lemon finish and a bit of fizz. 

Allagash Black Belgian Stout
Allagash Brewing Company

The stout had some dark chocolate elements on the nose and the taste brings about some nice spice notes. Tasty.

Dry Riesling
Thirsty Owl Wine Company

This was a nice iteration of the varietal - apple aromas with a dry citrus finish. Served in a mason jar no less!

But of course, they've got a bevy of Cape Cod Chips and a variety of Maine Root Soda as well.

But really, I suppose we're here for the meat of the matter. Lobster meat that is. And perhaps some crab and shrimp.

Lobster Roll ($15)
w/ soda, chips, pickle ($17)
w/ beer, chips, pickle ($20)

It's amazing just how packed the roll was! It's only meaty claws and sweet knuckles here. In fact, you may as well take your first bites with a fork, lest a few claws of lobster meat spill from your roll. With minimal spice and mayo, the lobster is unadulterated - as it should be. A slight spritz of lemon accentuates the sweetness, all encapsulated by a perfectly toasted and buttered roll. And no surprise here - even Aziz Ansari loves it!

Crab Roll ($12)
w/ soda, chips, pickle ($14)
w/ beer, chips, pickle ($17)

The crab roll was filled with a glut of sweet chunks of meat. With a dash of 'secret' spice, the crab took on a bit of a smoky profile, which I enjoyed. And for those of you that enjoy even more heat, there are plenty of Siracha bottles around!

Shrimp Roll ($8)
w/ soda, chips, pickle ($10)
w/ beer, chips, pickle ($13)

The rolls were filled with an abundance of shrimp. They had a nice snap to them because - you guessed it - they were fresh. The smoky spice helped to balance out the innate sweetness of the shrimp, with the butteriness of the roll bringing the sandwich over the top. 

I'll be back in a few weeks to try the Noah's Ark, which is essentially each of the rolls and two each of the sodas, kettle chips, and pickles - all for $38! I was excited to see that claws were also on the menu, and from what I hear, these empress claws are guaranteed to 'empress' your taste buds! So I just might have to try those bad girls as well.  

It's a blessing that Luke decided to leave his finance career behind and pursue his passion, stemming from his years lobstering on the coast of Maine. And with his business partner Ben (who he found on Craigslist!), it's no surprise they're on Zagat's 30 under 30. From what I could see tonight, the staff at Luke's Lobster's Philly outpost is extremely upbeat and passionate about Luke's vision. I asked Luke whether he envisioned additional locations throughout Philly down the line. At the moment, he's completely focused on the Rittenhouse Square area, which seems to be in line with their overall vision - high quality and consistency over simple profits.
A great find thanks to my handy dandy Yelp app! We craved seafood and wanted something affordable. This is a small, rustic location that has delicious, fresh "fast food" seafood. They have picnic seating at shared tables with fast and friendly service. The food is delicious!

I ordered the Luke's Trio (half of each, crab, lobster and shrimp rolls) combo (which came with chips a soda and a pickle). The rolls were lightly toasted, warm and buttery. The fillings were chilled and each had their own flavor and seasoning. The lobster had large chunks of sweet meat with a hint of saltiness, the shrimp was mildly spicy with a black pepper kick and the crab seemed to have an old bay taste. All were amazing! Love Luke's Lobster!
I wasn't feeling so great and having a lazy day when my boyfriend surprised me with lunch from Luke's Lobster. I had really been wanting to try their food (I know what you're thinking - what took me so long?!) so I was extremely happy to open up the brown bag and find myself some lobster mac and cheese! 

The mac and cheese was delicious. Warm, oozing with cheese, and I LOVE the crunchy coating! It came with a very sufficient amount of lobster. Definitely appreciated because restaurants sometimes skimp out on the seafood portions. 

My only complaint is of the portion size of the dish itself. It came in a recyclable container and it wasn't near being full! Was some of the mac and cheese missing?! While they definitely did not skimp out on the lobster, I can't help but think they did on the mac and cheese itself. Bummer because I definitely would have loved those few extra forkfuls.

Regardless, I was very happy with my mac and cheese. Hope to update/add on to my review with the service and staff once I make a trip to the establishment myself!
BE STILL, MY HEART! 

I'm so happy Philly has a Luke's now! I checked out Luke's during its grand opening weekend. I groaned as I walked to Luke's because it was a busy weekend - college graduations all over the city and the Rittenhouse Row Festival - and I was nervous it would be packed. Luckily, no one seemed to be too hungry at 11:15 a.m. 

The menu is short and sweet and located right next to the register. But I walked in knowing exactly what I wanted - the crab sandwich combo, which comes with chips, a drink, and a pickle. I know, I know, it's Luke's LOBSTER. And yes, the lobster rolls are awesome. I just happen to prefer crab, so if you're like me, I can definitely vouch for the delicious crab option. 

Grab a friend and split the Noah's Ark - it's a pretty good deal at $38 because you get two half lobster rolls, two half crab rolls, two half shrimp rolls, two pickles, two drinks, and two bags of chips.
There was a time I'd be looking at you as if you'd be speaking crazy talk if you told me that I could get an authentic Maine lobster roll outside of a swanky steakhouse in the city of brotherly shove. But Luke's Lobsters delivers it in a comfortable setting that makes me feel like I've returned to my happy days when I did summers in York Beach, Maine.

Its far from an easy feat, ESPECIALLY in a city were the typical lobster roll is smaller than most of its hot dogs (and it must take 4-5 to measure up to the size of a cheesesteak or roast pork sandwich. And yes I kind of want to see that image!). But despite that Luke's Lobster's does quite well in the city of giant sandwiches by packing their compact toasted rolls with the freshest of lobster meat sourced directly from Maine, a dash of mayo, and secret spices. For the smallest of sandwiches that I've had in this city, it was probably also the tastiest one that had me savoring each and every bite.

If lobster isn't your crustacean of choice then you can get the same amount of zing with either their crab or shrimp rolls at a lesser price point. Or you can get their Taste of Maine combo for 1/2 of each and their combo meal sides for $20. Add in Cape Cod chips, select Maine Root Sodas, and New England Clam Chowder, and you have the perfect Maine lunch location that somehow managed to be in Philly against all improbable odds.
This could be the shortest review I've ever written because all I have to say is....AMAAAAAZING!!!!! I'm officially in love with this place! My boyfriend has always been a fan but I finally joined in when I tasted the lobster roll last week! OMG....I know where I'll be dining everyday once we move to Philly next month....good lord this place is good!
I only eat whole lobsters in Maine.  There is no point in eating them anywhere else.  There it is a local food and rather affordable.  You get your hands dirty and you make a real mess.  Lobster roll is a simple sandwich, and is often made to use up left over lobster (Yes, that happens there).  It is NOT a big mayo bomb with celery and various other assorted filler.  It is chunks of lobster on a toasted roll and that is all.  

So, if you think that a lobster roll has piles of filler and Hellman's took a dump on it, you will not like this roll.  If you DO like a cup or so of fresh, cooked lobster with just a smear of mayo and a hint of seasoning (I believe it was celery salt) sprinkled on it, you will LOVE this sandwich!  This is, bar none, the absolute best lobster roll I have had outside of Maine.  Period.  

I had the combo only because I was intrigued by the Maine sodas they had.  I very seldom drink soda and cannot even remember the last time I had a Coke, regular or Diet.  But these had NO HFCS and had interesting flavors like Maine blueberry, and ginger beer.  I went with the blueberry soda and it was delicious.  Sweet but it had just enough bite to not be cloying.  I also could not remember the last time I had chips but took chips there because they were the Cape Cod brand and kettle cooked.

Sure, it is a little on the pricey side (My lunch came to18 and change) and a little small. But it was a delicious sandwich.  Buy one to go and enjoy it with a green salad.
They make a mean lobster roll here. Lots of lobster (large chunks, whole claws) and not much mayo or filler at all! The seasoning was subtle but tasty and the bread/roll tasted fantastic, it was buttery, crispy toasted on the outside and soft and moist in the middle. I only tried the lobster roll, they also have shrimp roll and crab rolls, lobster salad and lobster tail with any dish for $5 more!

It is a very casual place, long wood tables with many chairs. Sides include chips, pickles and various flavours of soda from Maine.

This is a relatively small chain with locations in Maine, Boston, NYC, JJ, Philly, MD, Chicago, Vegas, Miami and Japan.

Was it the best lobster roll I ever had outside of NE, no. But it is in the top 5. The rolls are on the small side although they did have a lot of meat in them. I could have easily eaten 3 rolls. They are, however, very tasty. Yes I will return here or at one of their other locations.
Okay it was fresh, it was good, but I was hungry an hour later. These portions leave something to be desired, but man was it fresh! 

I ordered the trio with a cup of lobster bisque. The bisque was wonderfully creamy and delicious, the crab and lobster both sweet and full-flavored! You can't go wrong here!
I have been to Luke's Lobster in NYC, but did not know they have a location out here in Philly, so it was really refreshing and nostalgic to eat dinner here a few nights ago. 

This establishment is located in the basement level, but do not let that deter you from coming here. The ambiance is chill, clean and with fresh flowers on every table. This is also a BYOB, so go around the corner to Foodery, buy a few good European brews and trek on back here for traceable and sustainable seafood. 

We opted to share the Taste of Maine ($24). It comes with a sampler of 1/2 rolls of lobster, crab and shrimp, 2 crab claws, a choice of drinks, chips or slaw & pickles. Seafood doesn't come cheap, but you will be satisfied with this order. Every single morsel of food was of quality and taste. The 2 crab claws were easy to eat and deliciously tasty.

I really like Luke's Lobster in NYC and I give the Philly branch two thumbs also! Staff were friendly and the dining experience was relaxed and casual. 

I highly recommend this place if you have a craving for quality seafood. And yes this place did break the piggy bank, but all well worth it.
Coming off a trip to Boston, land of lobster and crustaceans, I popped into Luke's to reclaim my New England experience.  I knew Luke's came with a reputation of being amazing, but how good could a lobster roll be outside of its native land?  Cheesesteaks are tasty, but if you get a cheesesteak in Michigan, it is chopped steak and peppers on toast.  It becomes a joke.

Luke's Lobster is no joke.  It is claw meat stacked on claw meat on a toasted hotdog bun.  There is no filler, no crappy celery, no overwhelming mayo globs.  Lobster is the star as it should be.  Just a bit of seasoning and you are good to go.  

You may question the price, but once you see how much lobster you get, you will be forced to shut your trap.  Shut it.  For $2 more, you get fancy soda and chips. 

Because I am an awesome girlfriend, I brought my beau a Noah's Arc, which is half a lobster roll, a crab roll, and a shrimp roll plus pickles, chips, and drinks times two.  If the lobster is too much for you, go with the shrimp.  It is pretty amazing and slightly sweet.  The crab roll was fine, but my least fav.  Also, don't forget the pickle that comes with any meal.  It has as much thought in it as one of the rolls. 

So in summation, save your pennies on that trip to Martha's Vineyard and go to Luke's.  17th street is just as relaxing as the Cape, right?
I found Luke's Lobster after Yelp-searching "best restaurants" in the Philly area.  They weren't in the top 10 but had a high amount of reviews and star average. 

ATMOSPHERE:
Low tops dominate the space with countertop seating offering views of passersby.  The place was clean and cool.  A single bathroom was available in the back. 

MENU:
Soup, salad, lobster/crab/shrimp rolls.  Beverages are juice, tea, Diet Coke and root beer.  They're also BYOB. 

FOOD:
The Luke Trios + Soup + Drink - $28.50
The trio is comprised of their three rolls of crab, lobster and shrimp.  I made it a combo by adding a drink and soup of Clam Chowder.  Though the rolls looked small, they were piled high with cholesterol!  The crab and lobster were my favorites, very fresh and lightly seasoned which brought out their natural flavors.  I like shrimp but these are the little ones which were boiled (my least favorite preparation) and were too underdone for me.  Butter was prevalent in every bite, from the bread to the drizzle on top.  The clam chowder was hot and creamy, chocked full of potatoes and a few bits of clam.  For my beverage I chose the Sweet Leaf Tea-brand of black leaf lemonade which was very refreshing and low on sugar.  Highly recommended. 

Poppyseed Slaw - Not available.  Boo for my spouse. 

SERVICE:
Order at counter and the food is brought to you.  After you're done, you clean up after yourselves.  The staff were friendly and patient.  

OVERALL:
My months of healthy eating went down the drain in a mere half hour.
I love love Luke's lobster in New York city. The one in 2nd avenue doesn't have many seats, but the lobster rolls are awesome. Toasted buttery roll with lots of lobster meat, with good blend of seasoning and mayo. I ordered one here and there was a lot of meat, but the roll was a little different and there has more seasoning and less mayo. It was still ok but not as delicious.

This place has more seating and is more aesthetically pleasing, but I prefer the rolls I've had in New York and food trucks.
Ok....we've been here less than a week now and we've eaten here everyday! Seriously, my fiancé and I are in trouble! We're craving this place 24/7! I literally dreamt of the lobster roll last night. I think we need to admit we have a problem and seek help...

Hi. My name is Ashley....and I'm a lobster roll-aholic!!!
I'll get right to it. I had the opportunity to sneak into town and have lunch, and this place has been on my radar. 

If you've had real Maine lobster, you know there's nothing like eating it in Maine. The taste is unique to the area. There's nothing like getting lobster fresh off the docks. It's impossible for Luke's to truly replicate that due to logistics. 

But what they can do, they do better than anyone here in this area. 

Their rolls are superb. I sampled the lobster, shrimp, and crab rolls. I enjoyed them all, surprisingly the shrimp was the best to me. 
They replicate the New England sandwich style extremely well. 

And, having lived in New England for a number of years, clam chowder is special to me. Luke's is the first time I've had any chowder in the Philly area come anywhere near tasting as good as what you get in NE. Just wonderful!

Plus, the ice cream sandwiches are a hidden gem. They're the perfect ending. 

Well played, Luke's! You're a gem!
Absolutely deeeeeelicious!!! This is me and my family very first time trying Luke's Lobster. So we are definitely not a expert:) I went around 9:45pm for take out. Service were quick and friendly. 

The moment I get home, we dig in. My daughter love their Clam Chowder. She loves it so much that she kept the whole large cup to herself, only allow me and hubby to have 1 teaspoon of it.........ughhhhhhh!! At least she is not a fan of the rolls. Because me and hubby will end up starving if she likes them lol.

I got 2 jumbo lobster rolls and 1 regular crab roll. I can't tell the difference between the regular and the jumbo size rolls bc the box size is the same:( Those rolls were extremely delicious. 

As other yelpers stated, it is extremely pricey. I can't see myself spending another $74 anytime soon. I included pictures from my purchase, maybe yelpers can judge its worth!!!
Cheap lobster rolls. I mean if I want lobster rolls these are really ok! I like the concept in theory. 4 visits later I just can't get worked up about it. The lobster rolls are good I don't like the shrimp or crab rolls. For a cheap place it's still pretty expensive. I like the New England sodas. But no atmosphere, it's in a basement and service is nonexistent. Plus last time the person behind the counter didn't really know what was in anything. You can train people?
Luke's Lobster might prove, once and for all, that size doesn't matter.

Yes, the lobster rolls here are only slightly bigger than hot dog buns, but the bread is deliciously buttered and slightly toasted, and the sheer quantity and quality of seafood they pile on top gives you so much bang for your 15 bucks. The huge lobster chunks taste fresh (and refreshing!), and that beautiful seafood flavor isn't cut with globs of mayo or flour or talcum powder. While you could probably eat the whole thing in 3-4 (unladylike) bites, do yourself a favor and savor this gorgeous creation.

The crab roll is good too (but I would probably prefer a jumbo lump crabcake from Faidley's). The combo gets you greater volume of food, but the main star really is the lobster roll, so I would just stick with that.
Lobster mania.

Delicious chunky fresh sweet morsels of lobster are piled high on the toasted buttery buns that Luke's Lobsters serves.  For $15 you definitely get a quantity of lobster meat that you yourself could wrestle out of a steamed lobster - but that's the thing, you don't have to.  Luke's does it for you and tosses the whole fresh delicious pieces into their special blend and give it to you to savor. So friggin' good.  So summer.  (although you shouldn't save lobster consumption for just the summer months)

It's price-y, but it's worth the treat -  Just try to keep your bites small so you can extend your time with the sandwich, instead of devouring it in four or five bites, which I've admittedly done.

The three different sandwich combo (crab, shrimp, lobster) is okay, but both the crab and shrimp do not even come close to the namesake lobster that they make here.  Crab is super flaky, bland and the shrimp are one better, but don't hold a candle to the lobstah, baby.
Now on my 2nd visit - I am on my way to becoming a lobstah mobstah.  This time I got 1 lobster roll and a side ($6) of Jonah Crab claws. The taste of summer in New England.

Can't wait to take my 8 year old here - she'll love it.  She's a lobster roll fan big-time.

So awesome!!!!
I've had Luke's Lobster on my list of places to try for some time and I had the opportunity this weekend.  I was able to set up a curbside pickup in the busy Rittenhouse location.  The location can be easy to miss. As I pulled up I called and they were able to come right out.

I order their signature lobster roll which comes with a bag of chips (~$20).  They have the 4oz option and the 6oz option for the lobster roll, I ordered the 4oz and the lobster overflowed out of the roll.  I could only imagine how full the 6oz. would be since the roll size remains the same regardless of how much lobster meat you order.  The lobster roll was DELICIOUS!!!  The meat was abundant and there wasn't any fillers.  Just some type of butter sauce.  As traditional lobster rolls the meat was chilled but not cold or frozen, but perfect.  The roll was lightly toasted and soft with a bit of mayo.  The chips were a nice add BUT as others mentioned I wasn't full after that meal which was the only drawback.  This was a good treat/splurge.
Aww I love Luke's. If you're looking for quantity though, you'll probably be disappointed. Lobster rolls are pretty diminutive in general - and a half roll at Luke's is about the size of your palm... and I have pretty small palms.

If you're looking for quality on the other hand, you'll be very happy here. The lobster tastes super fresh and I like how they keep it simple. It's a Maine lobster roll, which means chunks of lobster brushed with liquid buttah - not mayo. All of which is nestled into a split bun that reminds me of Texas toast.

The Taste of Maine (1/2 lobster, 1/2 crab, 1/2 shrimp, 2 crab claws with cocktail sauce, chips, and soda) platter is probably the best bang and variety for your buck. Their shrimp rolls and crab rolls are good, but remember - they're famous for their lobster.
This was one delicious lobster roll. 

The bun is lightly toasted with a perfect amount of butter. It's filled with liberal amount of nicely chilled lobster. The lobster is also seasoned with lemon butter and spices. There is a little touch of mayo on the bun. I love how Luke's does not overkill the roll with mayo. Luke's allows the freshness and tastiness of the lobster meat to capture our taste buds' attention. The warmness of the light butter spread and seasoned chilled lobster marry so well together. The final concept is so simplistic and yet so satisfying at the same time

Expect the rolls to be slightly larger than a hot dog bun. I would so pay more for a larger roll. I've only eaten two lobster rolls in my life (Neptune Oyster in Boston and Joe's Stone Crabs in Miami) and both were much bigger. Though not the best I've ever had, there is no doubt about it though, this is quality lobster on top of a lovely bun.

Luke's, thank you for bestowing upon Philadelphia the gift of a great, authentic lobster roll.
I've had the honor of visiting many Luke's Lobsters, but I believe a few years ago this location was the first I'd visited.  Just last night, I swung by in the brutal cold as I was craving some clam chowder and a lobster roll.  Unlike many other establishments in the area, they were open for business!  They were also running a special for free clam chowder with any lobster roll purchase.  I was sold.

The cashier that night was super duper nice to me given all my questions and asks, like putting the butter and mayo on the side (because I'm trying to be a little healthy, ya know? And I'm not a huge fan of mayo) and adding and extra pickle (which by the way their pickles are amazing and this is coming from a pickle lover).  He also went out of his way to tell me how the butter was going to basically go solid again and he put it in a paper cup so I could microwave it when I got back.  How nice!

Even after I hit the gym for an hour, the lobster roll was still delicious as ever.  I love that they don't add any extra sauces to the lobster, though I guess it usually comes slathered in butter.  They don't seem to short on the lobster, which by the way was fresh and just the right texture.  The dill pickles here are to die for.  The clam chowder wasn't as thick and creamy as some places, but I actually preferred that... although it did taste slightly different from other clam chowders I've had - couldn't put my finger on what it was.

I learned that they'll also be debuting a tasty sounding salad in a couple of weeks, so I'll definitely be back to try those.

I'll keep visiting this Luke's during my tenure in Philly!
I've had my mind set on this place for awhile. I very rarely spend time in the city, but it so happened I was there today! I went on a search for this place. I walked past it a few times before realizing it was smart to look down. There it was, down a few stairs...tucked away!

It's small on the inside. If you plan on staying in to eat, you will be sitting with other people if it's got a good crowd going. It's got a nice cozy feel to it. I liked it. 

It was pretty crowded, but not quite packed...yet. I slipped in just in time before a huge wave of people came spilling in. I ordered the lobster roll and combo'd it with slaw, a pickle, and a drink. The total came to almost $21. Seemed pretty steep to me, but I went for it. I threw a dollar in the tip jar and waited for my food. 

I was kind of surprised to see how small the roll was, but it was stuffed with meat, so that was nice to see. I received a generous portion of slaw, which was okay. It was coleslaw, it doesn't get too amazing. I saved my lobster roll for last, and it was absolutely mouthwatering. I had immediately wished that I would have just ordered a couple of those instead. It was juicy, buttery goodness. The roll had a nice crunch to it. My affair with it was over way too quickly.

I can't say I'll be back, but it was nice to experience something with a lot of good things said about it.  If you come here, skip the combo and go for straight lobster rolls. You won't regret it.
I came here in February and ordered a lobster roll , a side of lobster  Mac and cheese with a side of white truffle oil ! The white truffle oil which is a seasonal item is a MUST !!! It really served to enhance both items  which is rare . I think truffle oil  tends to mask other flavors in lieu of serving to be complimentary however again it went well ( enhancing the subtle brininess of the lobster claw meat in both the roll and the thick rich creamy decadent Mac and cheese ).  The total for both was close to $30 I believe which is the most I've ever spent on li he in Philadelphia ...but hey it's lobster !!! What do you expect ?

Parking is quite a hassle  as other reviews have mentioned which is a common  issue in center city .  But I'd still recommend . I'd recommend  visiting here  if you are already on foot to to pick up some items to have maybe a mini picnic with someone special at the park which is close by !
Oyster house, beware!  You were just a lobster roll placeholder for Luke's.  I'm a huge fan of Luke's in NY. Philly doesn't have many lobster roll offering as NY but now with Luke's, I can satisfy my lobster cravings without breaking the bank.    And even after the long wait on the grand opening day, I can happily say...the lobster roll is just as great as in NY.  And it's only $15 for the roll versus oyster house at $26 (plus fries).  That's almost two lobster rolls!  

Yup, I'm definitely in love :D
(to the tune of "She's Kinda Hot" by 5 Seconds of Summer)

This place is tiny, and the prices feel high
Plus, fast casual seafood doesn't always feel right
It's kinda great, though....
Yeah, it's friggin' great, though. 

The lobster roll is basically crazy good
And if you're thinking "should I splurge?", yes you should
It's really great, so...
Order and let go.

It won't break the bank,
And it's yourself that you'll thank,
It's really good, yo.

Confession: I had my birthday dinner at Luke's this year. My boyfriend asked if I was interested in anything fancier, and I admitted - I just wanted a Lobster Trap: That's a lobster roll, half a tail, and a lobster chowder. 

It was buttery, it was fresh, and it was honestly totally worth $29. It's not like Philadelphia is exactly the lobster roll capital of the world, so finding one you like really comes in handy when the craving hits. Luke's is a pain to get down to (I'm 6'2", and that under-ground spot is a bit of a challenge) but worth it for the occasional treat. I personally don't love their shrimp rolls, but the crab rolls I can also attest to as being delicious!
NO BS. JUST LOBSTER. 

I was in town for work and stopped by Luke's for lunch. I ordered a lobster roll to myself and very well could have finished 3 more of those bad boys. The size is fairly small, but each bite is packed with lobstery, buttery goodness. There's no filler mayo/slaw and the bun isn't flimsy, but nice and toasted. The roll is also pricey at $15, but it's well worth it.  The restaurant is small but conveniently located close to a ton of hotels. I'm happy to know there are locations in NY too. I'll definitely be back!!
So glad Luke's Lobster finally came to Philly.  After enjoying Luke's in Washington DC and New York City, I knew that inevitably, Philly would catch on.  

The lobster roll is where it's at (the crab and shrimp rolls are decent, but nothing life-changing and as you'll see, the price just doesn't justify what you get).  The lobster roll features a split roll brushed with butter (I pass on the mayo) with tons of lobster claw meat piled  on.  A little drawn butter and seasoning finishes the masterpiece.  Sadly, one could probably inhale this thing in 3-4 bites, but don't!  Savor the fresh, chilled lobster with perfect texture and not something that's been soaking in salt water all day.  Eat a little lobster off the top just to get the full flavor.

And get the combo!  Cape cod chips are great and add a nice crunchy contrast to the lobster roll.  But the real treat is the Maine Root sodas.  The sarsaparilla is some of the best I have had and nicely washes down the sweet lobster.

After all of this raving, why only 4 stars?!  As many of the other reviewers have mentioned, it's the price.  I can't justify spending $20 and still leaving a little hungry.  And seeing my filled out stampcard on the wall is great to remember my loyalty, but it also reminds me that I spent $100 on lobster rolls that usually never filled me up.

Pro tip: you can get the lobster roll deconstructed if you are getting it to go.  They give you the lobster in a cup, and I'm pretty sure you end up with more lobster this way.

Enjoy!
Crab, shrimp, or loster roll?  If you can't decide, why not get them all?

The trio has half each all 3 rolls.  Get the complete meal with a side of clam chowder, that's perfect!

The staff are nice.  They greet you with a smile.

The rolls are good. If I had to choose one, I would have a challenge of picking lobster or crab!

The clam chowder could have a bit more clams.

Overall, it's a good meal.
Oh what an amazing little gem!  I love simple menus, not too many choices, everything done right.  I also love when restaurants commit to their theme, and Luke's really takes you to Maine with its cute benches, and rustic feel.  

Though obviously the food is the most important part, and they deliver.  There are a few ways to approach eating here, the taste of Maine is a great option that lets you try every roll.  They also have combos, rolls plus soup and your choice of chips or slaw. I was seriously in the mood for a lobster roll, and got the clam chowder/roll combo.  Though I will try to Taste of Maine next time.  
The best lobster roll I have ever had.  It was overflowing with huge chunks of lobster, perfectly toasted roll, just a little bit of mayo, and their seasoning. I could have eaten a million, I could eat one every day for the rest of my life... I could go on and on.  The clam chowder was also very good, and hearty.  It did not look like a great deal of food when it came out but it filled me up!  The slaw wasn't great, so I'd suggest the chips option!
Everyone working there was friendly and helpful, and the food comes out quickly! Plus its BYOB.  
Bottom line is that you have to try this great little restaurant, you have to get the lobster roll, heck get two or three..
I am from Maine originally, and this is the best lobster roll I've had outside of Maine. Just the way they make them up there - not too much mayo, buttered hot dog roll, basically letting the lobster speak for itself.  Bonus - there are also Maine sodas.  Now if Luke's could just get Humpty Dumpty potato chips...

Anyway, I loved it.  I'll be back because it was wicked good!
INSTANTLY ADDICTED! When I say yummy, I mean YUMMY!!! Succulent, fresh and flavorful seafood rolls. I liked the crab meat roll the best. Cocktail sauce with it was good but not needed so don't add it.

Cool little spot. Love the wood decor and laid back/chill vibe of the place. Staff is awesome and friendly (very hipster'ish) 

The rolls are small but filling. $24.00 bucks for the Taste of Maine?! ehhh, gotta make a sacrifice for the things you love!
I've had two lobster rolls this summer 2020 (Lobster Roll aka LUNCH located in The Hamptons and Luke's Lobster in Rittenhouse). I can say that Luke's was my favorite! I'm not the biggest fan of lobster all the time but it's something about it fixed nicely inside the right roll with fixings that does something for me!

Dropped in and ordered the lobster roll to-go, with a bag of chips and Mexican cola. Did not wait a long time. The lobster was in a cute roll and just so tasty! Mmmm!

The cashier/cook was really cool and down to earth!

I'm curious about their other rolls and will possibly try another one next time or just order the same lobster roll lol!
A lot of people ask me what determines my ratings on Yelp. Such a simple question, yet so hard to answer.

There are the obvious check marks, such as food quality, service, ambiance, and value. But beyond that, it's how everything seemingly comes together. What is the sum of the parts? Long after the meal has been devoured and digested, looking back... what do you remember? Was it memorable? Is this a meal, nay - an experience - you won't soon forget, if ever? 

Was it worth the hype? Was it worth the money? Did it leave a lasting impression on your soul? Will it leave you with restless, fevered dreams in the coming days, only to wake up in a cold sweat, craving its sweet, scrumptious delights in the middle of the night?

When it comes to Luke's, the answer to all of the above is a resounding "YES!"

One thing I LOVED was the fact that they had a chalkboard up that listed their seafood (lobster, shrimp, crab) and where they got it. Lobster from Maine? Oh, yes! And perhaps the best part? All sustainable!

Each roll (read: succulent seafood in a toasted hot dog bun) packs in a ton of flavor. They let the key ingredients be the star of the show. There are no overpowering seasonings or sauces. Only a light drizzle of lemony vinaigrette, which enhances every bite of tender, juicy crustacean goodness.

The kind, friendly service is just icing on the cake. It can't be overlooked! I'd come back for the food alone, but every employee was just so accommodating and congenial. 

When I imagine the perfect spot for lunch, I imagine a place like this.
Thank you, Yelp, for pointing hungry little me to Luke's Lobster. Open until 9pm and just a little walk down to Rittenhouse from my hotel, this little gem truly hit the spot. 4.5 stars average Yelp rating didn't hurt either, I was immediately sold just looking at photos of the food, and sorely missing the lobster rolls I had up in Boston last year. 

Not too hard to find, but truly a cozy hideaway spot. Not too crowded at all. Per others' recommendations, I ordered the Taste of Maine (1/2 lobster roll,  1/2 crab roll,  1/2 sh rimp roll, 2 crab claws,  with soda and slaw or bag of chips and a pickle for $23). Of the Maine Root choices of sodas, I went with the root beer, and closer-to-the-source (than back in California!) Cape Cod chips, mmm. I probably could have finished the Noah's Ark order by myself except for the double drinks/chips that night, ha. 

I really enjoyed the simplicity of the rolls, buttery, toasted bread, seasoned seafood (filled generously) and complemented by the combo side and drink to complete the Maine experience. My favorite roll had to be the crab, actually, such a sucker for all seafood though. It was definitely a nice and refreshing meal, not too heavy, especially considering the walk to/from the hotel in the heat/humidity. Very good food, too bad I didn't have time to return during my weeklong stay - too many other places to try between Restaurant Week and those Philly cheesesteaks, of course! Keep doing what you're doing, Luke's. I will return someday.
My second family. THE SEAFOOD IS THE MOST JUICIEST, SEASONEST (if that's a word) and FRESHEST SEAFOOD YOU CAN GET. Don't come here expecting a $6 roll because honey, you're at the wrong place.. Might want to go get a hotdog from next door. Be sure to spend life savings, whatever you need to on the rolls because you will not be disappointed! 


Ps: for those people lying about the experience, STOP. You know you licked your paper and the lobster tray that it came on. Cut it out.
I'm not sure why everyone is freaking out about this place. I came here with work and I got the "taste of maine" which is  1/2 lobster roll,  1/2 shrimp roll and  1/2 crab roll and soda, chips and a pickle for the lovely price of $20! (Quite pricey for lunch if you ask me)

If I were to rate each roll separately, the lobster roll was actually quite delicious so it easily gets 4 stars, the shrimp roll was just ok and whatever spices they put on it kinda save it a little so it get 3 stars. The crab roll....oh my that was awful and tasteless, that one gets 1 star easily. So if you come here just stick to the lobster roll only, after all its in the restaurant name! 

Service was a little slow considering there were not a lot of people.
SO delicious and I TOTALLY get that this is a value compared to other venues that serve lobster rolls yet I'll never be back; I can't justify $18.56 for three bits of lobster, a small bag of chips, and a soda.  

I wish I could but I just can't.
Great little place for a casual meal. As soon as you open the door, you're greeted with the wonderful smell of butter in the air. The prices aren't half bad, just wish that maybe there were more options for sides than just chips or cole slaw (looking for fries xD).

The bread is soft and moist while toasted well on the outside with plenty of butter, and the lobster meat is generous, super fresh and sweet. The cole slaw is also really good, not too heavy on the mayo, nice and crisp with a bit of acidity to balance out a somewhat otherwise heavy meal.

The only thing I wish is that there was more room for outdoor seating, as there is only a small table on the outside, but I guess you can't help it with the location. A good excuse to take it to go and have a cheerful lunch in rittenhouse park.

Definitely a staple of the area, and I'll be sure to come again! Really want to try the other offerings they have, like the crab roll.
Talk about YUMMY!

This is an awesome lunch spot. It's been on bookmarked list forever and finally, we gave it a try.  Let's say this, we walked all over Philly to get to it and it was well worth the walk. 

Located on 17th between Moravian and Samson, this spot is easy to miss!
Its down a few stairs, walk slowly.
Its a cute little spot and it BYOB  (win), Serving probably the best lobster roll.

Do not be fooled by the size, this roll is full of flavor. Packed with a ton of fresh lobster claws, a little mayo and some butter. The bread is a little roasted giving the sandwich a perfect texture. 

I ordered the half & half (lobster roll and shrimp corn chowder). Although the soup was delicious I'll probably stick with a full  next time. My extremely picky BF loved his lobster roll as well. 

Overall, stop by, grab a lobster roll a bag of cape cod chips and enjoy this place. Between the fast service, extremely friendly staff and delicious food, there's no going wrong here.
I've been wanting to try this place ever since I heard it was taking over the Bonte spot.  Stopped in on an off hour on a Sunday.  I had the half crab, half lobster, not the combo.  It's not on the menu, but I asked if I could do that because I was doing take out and had drinks at home.  Each roll was put in its own hot dog looking container.  When I got home I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of seafood on both sandwiches.  I had to use a fork to eat some of it.  The butter and the spices are a great, simple combination.  My only complaint is that I wish I had more because it was really good and not super filling.  Need to go back with a friend to try one of the big combos.
This place seems to be going downhill... 
Let me explain.
I Have been coming here for about 6 years and have visited maybe 4-5 times. I recently came back here for a trip to Philly (because i moved), and even brought my mom here to show her how good the food was. 
Boy was I wrong :(
The sandwhiches of lobster mostly now have claw meat (which for lobster lovers is the most tasteless part of the lobster) and the butter flavor was lacking. The good thing is that they do serve Maine lobster (or at least they were that day) as I do see they offer other types of lobster when Maine Lobster isnt in season. 
They were out of a lot of menu items for a Friday night though which I wasnt happy about...
We ordered lobster sandwich with some specialty drink and a side of lobster chowder
TIP: Use the app they have/Check in and you can get 3$ credit for a FREE DRINK! You can also get reward points

Other drinks offered are:
Main root beer, mexicane cola, sparkling blueberry soda, ginger cola 

Another great thing about this place is the seating is large with big open tables for groups and it is BYOB!!!
So yes bring your beers and enjoy their food.
I would love to post pics of my food from here, unfortunately it was gone in 3 bites and my camera just doesn't zoom in on portions that small. But--  these are the only negatives.

Good quality seafood is expensive and small, and... it's worth it anyway. It is very, very delicious. In fact, the word delicious- just doesn't do it justice. It's savory, satisfying, warming, (such a good thing to eat in the cold weather), and really makes you want more from the first bite to the last.

I tried each of the lobster, crab, and shrimp roll but definitely liked the lobster roll best. Shrimp and crab were pretty similar. Best part about them is the hot buttery roll. You could pretty much put anything in there and I would still love it. 

Everyone should try it at least once and make sure you also get some clam chowder.

Warning- do NOT come here when you are starving, you will be very upset.
WOW.

Guys, Luke's Lobster. Wow. Probably the best lobster roll in Philly. Pricey for a quick lunch, but well worth it! I had the Lobster Roll combo ($17 +tax) which consisted of a delectable lobster roll, a pickle, a bag of chips, and a drink. The lobster was just as they advertised: huge chunks of meat, slightly buttered, on a perfect little buttery, toasted bun. None of the filler - no mayo, celery, etc. Just bread, butter, and lobster. The way it should be done.
Expensive meal, but a good meal nonetheless. The lobster is served in a light (what I believe to be) mayo based sauce on a toasted roll. Plenty of meat shoved into the roll - but the roll isn't that big so it doesn't take much. Friendly, fast service, and a perfect spot for a quick eat-in or take out meal.
I love seafood so I had to try out this philly favorite. This store is easy to miss as it is below street level, in a basement. The steps going down are kinda steep, so be careful!

I love the decor of the place... Reminds me of being on the sea coast, on a boat, or in a seafood bar. We ordered the Noah's ark, so that we could get a sampling of the lobster, crab and shrimp rolls. My favorite was the lobster! 2nd was shrimp and then crab. I also got the ginger beer bc I'm a fan of ginger ale, and it was spicyyy. I should have heeded the warning on the bottle that indicated the spiciness but I just love ginger beers/ales. 

I enjoyed the taste of the rolls, it was soft, crispy on the outside and overall buttery. I was expecting the seafoods to have more seasoning or flavor to it, it just tasted like the meat, which was fine. I have no real complains about that.  

Overall nice place if you're looking to experience some new!
I was near Philly and decided to look up some of the best spots for some grub in the area. I came across Luke's Lobster and after reading some of the reviews and looking at some of the pictures, I knew I had to stop in here and give this place a try. I mean, who doesn't love lobster, right?! 

This place is very casual and is an awesome spot for a quick bite or takeout. You go up to the register to place your order. They have a few tables there's and one gender neutral bathroom. You have to know it's there because if not it's pretty easy to miss. 

Luke's Lobster is the type of food that will have you eating even after your full. We tried the mac and cheese, lobster bisque, and the lobster roll. Each plate was amazing. Every bite of food is just absolutely DELICIOUS and perfectly seasoned. 

The staff here is super chill. They're all friendly and talkative, they came out to make sure everyone was enjoying their food, and they made sure to say bye before we left. Really exceptional customer service. 

Everything about my experience here was great. I would absolutely return here and I'm definitely going to be recommending LL's to everyone I know that will be in this area! Thanks, guys!
Coming from New England, I have high standards for lobster rolls and was looking forward to trying this place out. I ordered ahead via the app which got me a free drink and made sure our food was ready for pick up when I arrived.
We ordered 2 lobster rolls, a half lobster tail, clam chowder, root beer, and the meal totaled to $50. One of my main gripes is the portion sizes are small and difficult to justify for the price. The lobster rolls were tasty but not as flavorful as I would have hoped, so we were disappointed when we noticed extra seasoning in the shakers on the tables after we had already devoured our rolls. The half lobster tail was not worth getting for $5. The clam chowder was good. 
I would come back next time my seafood craving kicks in, but it would be an occasional splurge given the price tag.
Une adresse parfaite pour manger du Lobster et découvrir une nouvelle façon de le faire, américaine et moins distinguée peut-être, mais bonne. Alors ne vous formalisez pas du fait qu'ici on jette du homard entre deux bouts de pain avec un peu de beurre sans la moindre cérémonie. Dans le coin, le homard n'est pas un mets aussi précieux que pour nous, mais aucune offense contre cet animal.

Essayez donc le Lobster Roll, c'est bon, c'est frais, je ne dirais pas que c'est tout à fait léger car le beurre s'est glissé au milieu du tout mais c'est vraiment parfait pour un petit dîner ou déjeuner rapide à Philly - option toujours une centaine de fois plus légère que le philly's cheesesteak mais est il besoin de le préciser ?

La clams chowder est aussi très bonne : soupe de coques à la crème avec des bouts de pommes de terrre. J'adore les clams chowders, j'en ai mangé pas mal en Nouvelle Angleterre et celle-là se défend très bien.

Oui tout ça ne correspond pas à notre façon de traiter les fruits de mers mais je vous assure c'est bon!!

$15 le lobster roll : c'est quand même un peu un sandwich de luxe.

Luke's Lobster a aussi des adresses à NY.
I have been all over Maine eating lobster rolls and they don't touch Luke's. 
If you are going to pick a time to tell me bad news please do it while I'm eating a lobster roll from here. 
I look forward to going here every Friday. It is a pricey sandwich but worth every penny. 
Their lobster rolls have made me forget that cheesesteaks exists.
Love this place
Full disclosure-- I'm a New Englander transplanted to Philly and I've eaten more lobsta rolls over the years than I care to admit. For my $$, the best ANYWHERE is Lobster Landing in Clinton, CT, right on the harbor.

That said, Luke's is easily best of Philly and here's why: quality, flavor, authenticity, price point and accompaniments.

Quality: Fresh, sustainably harvested Maine lobster. No filler. Ever.

Flavor: Sweet, succulent claw & knuckle meat & lemon butter. Yum.

Authenticity: No Canadian lobster to worry aboot. These are Mainers baby. No celery. No lobster salad or other crimes against lobsters. Buttered, grilled split top rolls.  Nuff said.

Price point: $15; plus a "Lobsta Mobsta" rewards card that gets you your 11th one free.  Suck on that competitors.

Accompaniments: Maine root sodas (try the blueberry!), Maine beers, coleslaw & Cape Cod chips.

Do yourself a favor and try it. Seriously.  I trusted you Philly. I tried the cheesesteak when I got here, and you weren't wrong-- done right, they're awesome!  Lobsta rolls will never replace them, but it's your turn to trust me--these are done right and they're awesome!
There aren't many things that make NYC residents jealous but hearing that Philly has its own outpost of Luke's Lobster seems to do the trick and one can see why.

On this scouting visit I only ordered the Lobster Roll itself since I had a lunch meeting in a few minutes.

The New England bun which is split from the top was griddle toasted to perfection in butter until the outside was golden brown and the bun was structurally robust enough to support the mound of lobster knuckle meat about to be place atop. The mayo is kissed with a hint of mayo and sprinkled with secret spices, one of which seems to be celery salt. The secret spice bring some umami flavor to the sea sweet lobster. I was wondering if it contained finely ground sea weed but the color seemed too light for that ingredient.

If you are looking eye-level or above for Luke's, you will miss it as it is located at the ground level next to Under Dogs by the corner of 17th and Walnut. The place can get crowded so go early or risk not finding a seat. You could always take it to go and eat it in Rittenhouse Sq, a few blocks away.

Next time I will try the other rolls along with their housemade Ice Cream,
After scouting potential spots for a previous trip to NYC, I was totally bummed when I realized I would have to forgo trying Luke's. Fast forward a bit to my Philly trip, when I realized The Sofitel where I was staying was literally on the same corner block street as the Rittenhouse Luke's. Score! Upon entering, I was greeted by some of the friendliest young staff I've ever had to pleasure of being served by. I was honestly taken aback a bit - these guys went above and beyond in politeness and hospitality. I'm talking next level Chik-fil-a standards! 

Now for the food: Literally. The. Best. Lobster. Roll. The roll was the perfect level of warm, buttery, and toasted with heaps of lobster salad. (Luke's is there any way you can ship these bad boys out, Blue Apron style? Kidding, but I digress.) The New England clam chowder was perfection, and I loved the selection of Main lemonades. If this review doesn't tell you enough, I actually ended up eating at this Luke's for two of the three days I stayed in town. I will definitely be back and bringing friends!
One of my favorite places for a lobster roll! Their clam chowder is REALLY good too. Although they are a bit on the pricier side, you get A LOT of lobster on your roll (: You can get the 4ox or 6oz, but the latter is just more lobster on the same roll. The roll us also so so good as it is lightly toasted. You can also grab a bag of chips of your choice with your meal!

There is a decent amount of seating area and the staff is very friendly.
If you've never had a lobster roll in New England or out in the Hamptons, please go now.

The atmosphere is fantastic.  You'll fall in love with the shanty-esque feel of the place rather quickly.  You'll peer into the cooler and see the Luke's Brand Root Beer and Sarsaparilla and want to buy a case or two. But ultimately, the lobster roll needs to win you over.

My lady friend and I ordered the Noah's Ark.  A tasting trio for two of the lobster, crab, and shrimp rolls.  It came with a beverage, chips, and a pickle.  We did not opt for the crab claw special.

I decided to work backward and try the shrimp and crab rolls before taking on the lobster roll because, in my mind, the lobster roll had to be good.  So let's get the possibility of disappointing me out of the way.  With that said, keep in mind this: this is the only lobster shack I've been to that had sriracha sauce on the tables.

The shrimp & crab rolls were, well, flavorless.  They didn't taste like fresh seafood or the fixins on them.  I applied an ample amount of sriracha to each and that made them somewhat palatable.  The pickle and root beer rescued me from this mediocrity fairly quickly.  I wasn't upset, though, because I had this fantastic lobster roll to look forward to.

I was sorely disappointed; almost offended.  I've had the privilege to eat at Lunch in Amagansett in NY and at a few great lobster shacks in Maine.  Most places serve a warm lobster roll or, as Lunch does, serves both a warm and cold 'lobster salad' lobster roll that puts Luke's to shame.  I would've been happy with an imitation of either, but I can't even feign satisfaction.

Luke's lobster is obviously not fresh.  I saw no boilers or steamers anywhere in sight.  They definitely didn't cook the critters on site or you would know from the smells and equipment present.  The lobster meat tasted salty and was a little too firm to be same day fresh.  That typically indicates that it was shipped frozen in a briny solution.  Our cashier told us the lobsters came in twice a week fresh from Maine.  I don't think so.

The lobster rolls aside, I'd had out in the place for the root beer and chips.
Lobster roll no mayo is where it's at!  The bun is toasted but soft & pillowy buttery goodness. I like that they sell Maine Root sodas because they use pure cane sugar and it's something a little different instead of the tired pepsi products most places offer.  Same goes for the cape cod chips.

The time my boyfriend went with me he got the taste of Maine which is a 1/2 lobster roll, 1/2 crab roll and 1/2 shrimp roll. He preferred the crab roll over all 3 but they were all great!  

It's easy to miss given that it's a basement spot but keep looking, it's so worth it!  I will go every time I'm in that area & hungry.
Lobster roll??? This far inland, in the middle of a city, at that??? Yes, it is true. Luke's Lobster has managed to pull it off and maybe even perfect it. Let me start off by saying, I have had better lobster rolls. But those were all $20 or more at some fancy smancy restaurants. Never have I ever seen or heard of a lobster roll under $18. So for Luke's Lobster to have $15 rolls is almost unimaginable. The roll itself is perfectly toasted and buttered and piled high with huge chunks of quality meat. There is no doubt that for an area that's not known for seafood, this particular restaurant is the best bang for the buck when it comes to seafood rolls... Yes, I said rolls as in plural. You guessed it, they also have crab rolls and shrimp rolls. The crab roll is $13 and the shrimp roll is $8. I'll admit, I thought they could have used maybe a little better quality of shrimp in the shrimp roll, but for $8, you just can't complain! But even with that said, the crazy part is I love lobster more than anything, but I think I might actually like their shrimp roll more. Probably due to the seasoning being more pronounced on the shrimp roll. But that also just could have been due to the partiuclar chef that made them that day.

Another thing that makes Luke's Lobster so great is that they have awesome combos. You can add an organic soda or juice along with some kettle chips to your roll, to make it a meal for $2 more. Or if you're indecisive, you can get the Taste of Maine which is a half lobster, a half crab, and a half shrimp roll with a drink and chips for $20!!!! You def can't beat that! A double Taste of Maine is called the Noah's Ark for $38! And they also have a few different soups, seasonal claws, wine, and beer.

There's 13 total Luke's Lobster restaurants throughout PA and NY. Most are in different sections of Manhattan.
I had been dying to go to Luke's probably since last summer and I finally got over there on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. We walked in around noon to discover an extremely empty venue (enough to make my cousin nervous that I was bringing her to a substandard place-- as if).

As I dithered over whether to get clam chowder or not (it was hot outside!), my cousin ordered the lobster roll combo, which I ended up ordering as well. For $18, this is a great deal-- a pickle, choice of any of the chips and sodas they carry, and of course the lobster roll. Although a full roll is not much larger than a hot dog bun, the amount of lobster claw that's crammed into the roll makes it totally worth the money. It was juicy and well seasoned-- with just a touch of mayo, butter, and spices.

To top it all off, the service was incredible. The cashier saw me torn between ordering hot soup or not, and after we sat down, she brought both me and my cousin a small sample of the clam chowder... which was delectable! Definitely ordering some next time.

I can't speak for the experience when it's super-crowded, but Luke's is a great choice for good lobster and New England charm. GO HERE.
The Taste of Maine is a must! It's $24 and it's really good but it's pretty pricey for what you get. I could do without the crab claws, coleslaw, pickle and drink and they could give me another 1/2 of one of the rolls!!! The rolls aren't really that big but I shared it because I wanted to taste a little of everything.( and because it cost a lot.) My favorite was the shrimp roll, the lobster roll and the crab roll in that order. The bread they serve it on is really buttery and delicious! My least favorite thing was the coleslaw. I thought it was too vinegary so if you don't like vinegar pick the chips instead of the coleslaw. The Maine Root blueberry soda was amazing though!  I came from out of town and was super excited to try Lukes Lobster and it was delicious but I was definitely disappointed in how small the rolls were.
Luke's Lobster, the much touted and celebrated New York lobster roll company (by way of Maine) has finally arrived in Philadelphia, opening to much fanfare and praise.  It does have something that despite all the food options in Philly, the city had previously lacked: a good lobster roll at a good price.  If you are expecting something that resembles lobster salad with gobs of mayo, then Luke's Lobster is not for you. Otherwise, prepare to be delighted.

On opening day, I waited in a 20 minute line to get my hands on one of their famous rolls.  The lobster roll (for $15, or add chips and a drink for $2 more) comes chock full of fresh lobster claw and knuckle meat, overflowing out of a buttered and toasted New England style bun.  With just a hint of mayo to hold the meat in place, you can actually taste the lobster instead of the dressing.  Because this is real lobster meat, don't be alarmed if you find a bit of shell or cartilage in your food (as did I, and it ended up being my only gripe about the quality of the meat).  Because this is real lobster meat, the sandwich is short, but dense.  Savor it.  The menu also includes lower priced rolls with crab and shrimp, or if you're indecisive, a Taste of Maine ($20) gives you half a roll of each variety with chips and drink.

The space is completely different from the previous tenant (Bonte), with a New England crab shack feel.  The staff is young and friendly, and I liked the fact that all their chips and soda come from New England (Cape Cod chips and Maine Root soda).  I question whether or not Philadelphia can really support an "everyman" Lobster Roll place, because at $15 per roll, that is still a pricey fast food lunch for Philly.  Still, it's a quality product and much better and cheaper than nearby options.  It also doesn't hurt that being steps away from the park gives diners the opportunity to enjoy their Luke's Lobster in the Rittenhouse sunshine.
I'll keep it short. The lobster roll is perfection - lightly buttered and seasoned with no fillers. The bun is perfectly toasted and lightly buttered. Wow! My niece had the crab roll and seemed equally satisfied. 

We made this our entree and had an appetizer and dessert elsewhere. This is a such a cute little spot when we arrived all the tables were taken however there were two ledges with seating available. I love how Luke's fit into my aimlessly roam the city plan. Looking forward to trying The taste of Maine trio. The service was quick and friendly. For such a small place I was in doubt they would take debit/credit luckily for me they do.

Also, how cute is the people love us on yelp sign on the front door :). I cannot wait to come back this time with a partner that can partake in the BYOB.
Luke's Lobster is absolutely incredible.  Order the lobster roll for only $15.  You get a small mountain of fresh perfectly cooked lobster on a fresh baked roll and an in-house aioli.  This is a steal.  Their other stuff is good, but the lobster roll is the star of the restaurant.

It's a very rustic atmosphere, but clean.  It's also nice being underground during the cold.

It's BYOB.  Luckily, there are good beer stores near by.
Lobster Rolls rock!!! The Lobster Rolls have a heaping portion of lobster in the sandwich, although the sandwich is on the smaller side.  It is seasoned lighly and this allows you to taste the freshness of the Maine Lobster. The combo comes with coleslaw, Cape Cod Potato Chips and a specialty soda (such as Sasparilla, Blueberry Cola etc...) We also got an order of the Clam Chowder which was out of this world delicious. The price for a Lobster Roll is $16 and a combo is $19 so it's a little on the pricey side. The restaurant is casual and small. They have counters as well as tables for eating. It was a special treat for lunch today.
Takeout only for right now (November 2020) with 1 table outside, but the park is right around the corner if you want somewhere to sit and eat it.

Food:
Lobster roll - 5/5 stars - Absolutely delicious roll loaded with lobster. The lobster meat was all claws and was super fresh. Nice, juicy, sweet and refreshing. Bun was buttery, soft and perfectly toasted on the outside. Can't beat their quality and taste. 

Poppyseed Slaw - Not a slaw person but decided to give it a try. Pleasantly surprised by how much I liked this. It was tangy, crunchy and refreshing. 

Hands down the best lobster rolls you can get in the area. Excited to try their other items!
I'm a regular at the numerous Luke locations in New York so I was very excited to grab one of my favorite Lobster rolls while in Philly. This location was small but similar to ones in NY with picnic bench and table seating. On a Friday afternoon it was busy but service was fast. Sadly, that's where the good times ended. I was very disappointed in the lobster roll I got. To start, the bread became soggy way too fast and was not as buttery and delicious as I'm accustomed to  with Luke's. Secondly, the lobster itself was flavorless. There was no flavor or taste coming from my roll. It was very underwhelming. My friend had a shrimp roll and enjoyed it, but I was left confused as to why the quality of lobster rolls were not as well in Philly as they are in NY. I will stick to my Manhattan and Brooklyn locations.
I give this place a 3.5. I have to agree with Larry. I got really excited about the hype but maybe I was built up too much. I got a lobster roll with the calm chowder soup combo.

I can't reason their pricing point for the quantity of the product. The breading on the roll is tasty and the lobster is well portioned but it's not worth $16. It didn't blow me out of the water. The lobster is of decent quality. It's smells fresh but lacks the juicy flavors that I'd hope to taste. Also, maybe it's just my preference but I'd like my lobster warm. 
The clam chowder was decent but again not for the portions. 

It was a good taste of Maine but I probably won't come back in the near future.
The next best thing to a trip to Cape Cod - I tried the Taste of Maine which is a 1/2 roll each of shrimp, lobster and crab for $20 - including a drink (I got a pellegrino) and a bag of Cape Cod chips (I got BBQ and saved them for later).

Good sized rolls and the crab one was really excellent. I also loved the lobster one.
Not too much mayo and the roll was toasted and lightly buttered (a classic split-top) just as it should be.

Can't wait to go back. (I went at 11:40 right before the line started to form.  Smart move!
Love this place!
Very uncomplicated decor, ordering process and just plain great food!
This place reminds me of a seaside food shack on the beach in Hawaii or Long Beach California. Very nautical rustic decor. Reclaimed wood and metal tables, bar area and flooring. 
The staff from the cashier to cooks were brilliant! Very down to earth, and as expected, very friendly and accommodating. 
They have great bottled natural sodas, iced teas from a company in Maine. It was also nice to know they sell Cape Cod brand chips! 
Pricing is very reasonable considering the high quality seafood (lobster, shrimp  and crabmeat) they sell. 
You also have to try the delicious New England Clam chowder and the Lobster bisque. They were so good - very generous with seafood in these soups!

I can't wait to stop by again! 

Give this place a try! You won't be disappointed.
No complaints about the lobster roll whatsoever, it's a simple dish and they didn't over complicate it. I wish it was at a better price point than $30 though.
I had been waiting for Luke's opening since I heard it was setting up shop in Philly!
I wanted to splurge for lunch today so, what better way then to get my first Luke's Lobster Roll?  I was surprised with the amount of people that this little place and pack in,  There were several tables of patrons enjoying their basket full of seafood goodness.  The rustic shack decor was cute and set a great ambiance for the space.  The staff were friendly and did a great job with expediting the food and crowd control!  The Maine soda selection was nice and the Cape Cod Kettle chips are my favorite!

I got recieved my coveted Lobster Punch card today so hopefully, I won't reach my 10th lobster roll too soon, I don't know if my bank account can take these kinds of lunches on a regular basis!  The bun was nicely toasted with a hint of butter, the lobster meat was plentiful and fluffy, no filler, so you can taste the simple ingredients. I was taken back that it was cold, maybe this is the way they do it in Maine, so what do I know. Clearly, I'm a Lobster roll novice, but my brain was a little confused, but nevertheless, I munched on.  The Lobster Combo didn't look like much, but it satisfied my appetitie.   

I might get poo pooed for saying this but, I think I might prefer the Oyster House's Lobster Roll instead.  I'll have to get some more punches on my card to solidify my decision. Maybe grabbing take out and eating the Lobster Roll at my desk didn't allow me fully appreciate the Roll, so I'll have to venture back when I have more time to take in the ambiance of the place and time to enjoy the food.

I'll be back Luke!
Really delicious, fresh lobster! Personally didn't love the coleslaw (bitter, minimal mayo). Ordered New England clam chowder but it didn't arrive so I'm not sure how it tastes  My friend says this spot is more of an in-person experience anyway!
A lobster sandwich place with awesome reviews? I couldn't resist. I was exhausted and lazy from a long travel day so I decided to have it delivered. They were here within 10 min, let me charge tip directly onto the card in advance, and the person who delivered handed me food while I was starving. 

I ordered the Taste of Maine and was prepared for the small portion because of warnings from other reviewers. Overall the lobster, shrimp, and crab were fresh and the bread was a good mixture of crunchy and buttery softness. The prices are a bit high and even though the meal was good, It doesn't taste fresher than the lobster they serve at the Chinese seafood restaurants.  I also had the clam chowder which was loaded with clams and chopped potatoes--a lot of chopped potatoes.  I'm not a clam chowder expert but have gotten used to SF Soup Company so maybe that's why.
I was craving seafood so bad so I decide to stopped in during the afternoon for a snack. The restaurant itself is a bit difficult to find. It is underground, tucked away and their sign is just a wooden plaque, not very conspicuous. Stepping inside though, I felt I was transported to another place, like inside a quaint ol' time tavern. I really like the rustic/vintage decor.

I tried half a crab roll and half a lobster roll. Both were as delicious as the reviews claim. The roll was a delicious buttery, crisy white bread. I think I like the crab roll and the lobster roll the same, couldn't pick a favorite. I would totally get either next time. The lobster roll does seem to have more substance because the meat chunks are larger and therefore require that one extra second to chew.

As forwarned after reading the reviews, the portion size was really small, but I couldn't tell just how small  from the photos posted here. To give you an idea, one roll is approximately the size of a basic hotdog with a basic roll.

I got my half rolls for take out and they packaged each half in 2 separate hotdog boxes, which was inside a brown paper bag stamped with their logo, almost like a little boutique bag. I thought the take out packaging was rather charming just like their restaurant decor. It really shows that the owner (I'm guessing Luke?) pays attention to presentation and detail.

My biggest gripe is the lobster and crab meat was cold! I was expecting to bite into warm chunks of meat, not cold lobster salad. It would be better to heat up the meat! 

Lastly, I would not recommend this place to go for a meal unless you plan to spend $30 for lunch. I finished my 2 half rolls within 2 minutes and 6 bites. I would treat this restaurant like a boutique bakery that sells those dainty macarons. Come here for a rare treat once in a while.
Holy cow, they have amazing lobster rolls! I don't know what they put in them here in Philly, but I think they just might be better than the ones I had in Maine!! I wish the rolls were a bit bigger because one is just not enough of the yummy goodness. We got the Taste of Maine and the shrimp roll was pretty good too. I thought the crab roll was just ehh. Check out the Maine Root Beer in blueberry. Delicious!!!! It may be a good thing I don't work nearby, otherwise my hard earned money would go straight to Luke's!
This Luke's Lobster is located right below a nail salon and a massage place. There is one small table outside that is dog friendly in case you wish to dine with your 4 legged pal. Parking can be a challenge here, as there is very limited street parking.

My husband and I came here on a Wednesday, around 7:30 pm. After looking at the menu board, we ended up getting:

Large Clam Chowder, $10 prior to tax- The large is two times the size of the regular size, in case you want to share your soup or just want a lot of soup. I thought this clam chowder was just average and found it to be a little on the bland side. 

Crab Roll, $16 prior to tax- You definitely get a whole lot of crab filling for the portion, served on a split roll. What makes Luke's Lobster unique is that they do not serve the crab with mayo but with a whole lot of butter (wished I had known that beforehand and would have asked to use half the amount). I wished the crab was hot or at least warm instead of cold. Especially when we were inside, the air conditioning was just blasting and hot food would have been better. I know I am in the minority but I thought the crab roll was okay and also on the bland side. 

Shrimp Combo with Lobster Bisque & Drink, $24 prior to tax- Just like the crab roll, this is served on a split roll with a lot of butter. There is plenty of shrimp on the bun, which is nice. Also there isn't an overkill of mayonnaise. I thought the shrimp had a bit more flavor than the crab. The lobster bisque that we got was good and preferred it over the clam chowder. 
--------------------------------
(Total= $50.76 after tax)

Wait time was pretty short, in about 5 minutes our order was ready. Employees we interacted with were friendly. 

Water is self serve but kind of a weird set up. You can pick up a clean empty mason jar and find the water dispenser in the fridge with the slide door. I think it is nice that the water stays cool but you wouldn't know where the water was unless you asked. 

The restaurant has limited seating inside but was clean. There is also one unisex restroom that was clean upon this visit. 

Overall, I thought the food was just okay. It is kind of pricey for 2 people but that seems to be the going rate at other comparable eateries.
It's good, but very simple. And I'm not saying there's anything wrong with simple. But for $15 I do expect just a tad bit more.

For $15 you get lobster chunks on a buttered hot dog roll. Yes it is literally the size of a hot dog. So if you're wondering what a "half roll" is, it's about 3 inches. 

I will say that the lobster was cooked great. And I get it, it's lobster, it's rittenhouse.. so it's $$$. But there was nothing about it that BLEW me away. Just well cooked lobster, on a toasted buttered hot dog bun sized roll. That's my 2 cents
Ok, bear with me, I'm a bit obsessed.  I have been all over New England, and without a doubt, Luke's is as good or better than any 'authentic' lobster rolls I've had in Maine, RI, or Mass.  So the quality of food is superb, and that should be enough to get you in.  But let me gush about the service, (especially in Philly, a city where service seems to be an afterthought).  Luke's is ALWAYS prompt, friendly, and literally goes out of their way whenever possible to make you happy.  Last night, I ordered a side of crab claws with my sandwich, and the girl threw in an extra because it was a slow night and they had made too many.  Another time, I called to pick up an order, and even though I live in deep South Philly, it was a slow night, and they offered to deliver, despite the fact that my house is probably 8 blocks or so outside of their delivery radius.  And even more amazing, I wrote them a complimentary email, (which I do sometimes for great businesses, to let the people in charge know that their employees are doing great work), and LUKE wrote me back.  That's more than any other restauranteur would EVER do.  Consider me a fan for life.
While price prohibitive enough to stop you from eating here regularly, Luke's Lobster seafood, especially that lobster roll, is delicious and worth the money.

In a basement location of 17th, you'll descend into the seafood heaven that is Luke's Lobster. The nautical themed decor (be sure to check out the bathroom too), leads you to the cash register where you make your order. The place is pricey, with their famous Lobster Rolls coming in at $16, but for the reasonable portion size and that delicious lobster it's well worth it. 

As big fans of the Old Testament (the original is always better than sequels), the girlfriend and I ordered Noah's Ark ($46, includes two 1/2 lobster rolls, two 1/2 crab rolls, two 1/2 shrimp rolls, 4 crab claws, 2 bags of chips, 2 slaw, and 2 pickles). You get a little bit of everything and it's a decent value. Of the three rolls, of course the lobster roll was the best, but the other two also made strong showings in my mouth. The coleslaw is a little disappointing, lacking a significant amount of flavor and being mostly dry (creamier with more pepper would go better). Also the crab claws are either 100% meaty delicious or like 50% meat 50% cartilage/shell.  

Overall, Luke's Lobster is a must visit for seafood junkies. I'd stick with the standard rolls and definitely try their blueberry lemonade.
My husband and I tried the lobster and shrimp rolls we were highly dissatisfied with the size,  it was smaller than a hot dog bun but both were really good.  In my opinion it is over priced for the amount of food.  I understand seafood is expensive but judging by the dining atmosphere the overhead should be low enough to warrant larger portions.  Stop here if you want an expensive snack.
Are you a LOBSTA MOBSTA?

As of yesterday, I have 7 stamps- YES, 7 stamps in one day. Actually, I don't know if this is a good thing because these rolls aren't cheap (and I am no high rolla). Anyway, if you are on your way to becoming a mobsta- you need 10 stamps to get a freebie.

The lobsta rolls are delicious as others say, and the butter-saturated roll melts in your mouth. For some reason, I expected a bigger portion (fatty?), but the given amount of lobster is generous.

Line moves fast, the crafty soda pops are cute, and the service is friendly.

Plus, Sriracha rooster sauce on the table.
What a great Lobster Roll! My husband and I got the extra meat, bringing the total up to 6 ounces of lobster. This made for a sandwich, overflowing with lobster, which is every bit as good as it sounds. With a buttery sauce (ask for extra next time) on top of buttery toasted bread, this was a rich sandwich. 

We ordered a side of lobster bisque, which was just ok. Next time, I would order the regular sized roll, and get two of them instead. Also, they have some interesting soda. The Blueberry Lemonade was strange, but I liked the Blueberry Beer.
Food was good but overalll I dont think its worth the money. I underatand seafood is expensive to begin but the portions are very small. I am someone who typically chose the seafood option when out so i know the cost invlolved. Overly the food flavor was good. I got the trio which is half crab, half shrimp & half lobster. All 3 sandwiches put together maybe equal the size of 1 normal hot dog roll. In their defense they do pile on alot of meat so that kind of helps alittle.
So delicious.  Hubby and I shared a Noah's Ark.  I ate half the lobster roll and he basically ate the other 2.5 rolls.  It was worth trying once but from now on, think we will only eat the lobster rolls because it is that much better than the others.
Great little hole in the wall restaurant you can miss easily if you're not looking for it, since you have to go down some stairs to access it but it's not to be missed. Lobster rolls are outstanding. Can't wait try everything on the menu!!
I had heard the rumors that Luke's Lobster was bringing a location to Philly and all of my NYC friends ranted and raved about great the NYC locations are.  When Luke's finally opened I was excited to see if it would live up to the hype...which it did.

It's a ground level location on 17th Street with a somewhat unassuming storefront, so you have to keep an eye out for it.  It has very authentic Maine feel with the decor.  The staff are friendly and attentive.  The best of the lobster roll is that there's no filler, just lobster meat with butter and spices.  $17 for a lobster roll, a drink, and a bag of chips may seem a little steep, but remember, it's lobster.  

This is a solid place and I look forward to getting back to try the "Taste of Maine", which is 1/2 lobster roll, 1/2 crab roll, and 1/2 shrimp roll.
Just came back from lunch here and am already itching to go back. It's in the old Bonte space, which I actually think is a better fit for Luke's. Has a very New England feel as soon as you walk in with the wood panel walls and fishing nets. When you open the door, the smell of drawn butter hits you, and you will instantly melt. 

Spring out the extra few bucks for the combo. The Maine Root Sodas add another bit of uniqueness. I tried the Root Beer and Ginger sodas, but will definitely go for the Blueberry next time to be immersed in all Maine deliciousness. I was a little disappointed at first to not see fries on the menu, but after my first bite into the roll, I understood. The chips add the perfect amount of saltiness to the meal, and are not overly heavy like a fry. As for the roll- pure bliss. Perfectly toasted buttered bun with a generous filling of fresh lobster meat. No fillers here. Just lightly seasoned so you can still savor the true lobster flavor. 

Yes it is a bit pricey for a quick lunch, but the quality is on the same level, if not higher than other seafood restaurants in the area. It's worth every penny.
Short and simple won't waste your time 

Looking for a great lobster roll ..:this isn't the place
Regardless of which meat you choose ..the best being the crab in my opinion. This place isn't a place for lush flavored rolls it's pretty simple and pretty bland. I've had lobster rolls here that tasted like flimsy inedible rubber. I've had the Mac and cheese with hope it would be some what decent and just simply let down. But to each is own. Down the street is a much more worthy lobster roll at the oyster house!

 Thank me later
I was dying to try this place!! I am a huge seafood lover and there aren't too many options in philly. When I walked into Luke's, I honestly forgot that I was in Philly. Their whole ambiance is awesome and the staff is super nice.

I ordered the taste of Maine for $22. I read some of the other reviews and some of the ratings were low based on the price. I think that this price was extremely reasonable for what I received. Lobster roll, shrimp roll, crab roll, two crab claws, a drink (not fountain soda), pickle and a bag of kettle potato chips. All of the seafood was extremely fresh, including the rolls. The lemon/mayo spread was just the right amount, not overwhelming. I usually think that lobster is too bland but this was very flavorful. 

I really can't wait to go back here now that I know my favorite on the menu. If only my wallet and diet could afford eating here every afternoon.
Have you ever been walking somewhere new and on the way writing your 5 star Yelp review in your head? That happened to me yesterday as I was walking to Luke's. Walking there, the weather was absolutely perfect and as I got closer and closer my excitement increased. I knew exactly what I was going to get, The Taste of Maine, half rolls of lobster, crab, and shrimp with chips, a soda, and a pickle. 

I arrived around 1:20 and there was only one person in line. When it was my turn to order I put in for the Taste of Maine and added the crab claws. It came out to $24 which for what you're getting isn't really that bad. All the workers were very friendly and when they handed me my bag to go I scurried out of there like a mouse that had stolen some cheese from the trap and was heading back to my hole. 

I got back to my office, took everything out and was ready to begin, first things first the pickle. Unfortunately the pickle was missing, I love pickles but whatev, it's no biggie. First I started with the lobster roll, then moved to the shrimp roll, and finished with the crab roll. I hate to say it but I really wasn't impressed. I thought they lacked flavor and I ended up putting the cocktail sauce from the crab claws (which were also flavorless) on the rolls. 

I had a coworker try them as well just in case I was crazy and they agreed there was not much to them. Maybe it was a down batch, I have no idea and I fully plan on trying again but I just gotta keep it real from my experience.
After immensely craving and endlessly google-imaging lobster rolls, I decided to hit up Luke's.  It was my first lobster roll ever, and I'm glad my cherry was popped by Luke['s] (...)

For the full experience, we ordered the Noah's Ark, which was essentially a nice sampling of each of their rolls. We got a lobster, crab, and shrimp roll cut in half (perfect to share between two people).  It also came with two sodas and two bags of chips.  I'm a huge fan of seafood, so being able to feast on rolls of lobster, crab, and shrimp was quite euphoric.  Each of the three rolls tasted fresh and well seasoned.  Note, the lobster rolls at Luke's use only lobster claw meat.

It was a great treat, although not quite as memorable since I practically inhaled them... I'll come back next time when I'm not starving, so I can actually savor each bite.
I stopped into Luke's with my daughter last Saturday around 6:00 PM. Luke's wasn't very crowded and it was very New England inside. My father, was raised in Rhode Island and loved Lobster Rolls. When I was a kid we would take trips to Rhode Island or Cape Cod and try the rolls at various stands like Flo's Clam Shack and Georges of Galilee. Luke's reminds me a lot of these type of places except not being near the ocean.

I ordered the lobster roll combo and this comes with chips and a drink for $17, which is a pricey but it is lobster, so still a decent deal. The roll is an OK size portion on a hot dog roll. It is by no means huge but the lobster rolls in New England are about the same size. The combo also includes chips and craft sodas from New England. Is there such a thing as craft soda?, They had Blueberry which sounded interesting but we went with Ginger beer. My daughter had the soup of the day which was a Crab Bisque. The lobster roll was really good. I could taste the freshness and it had a nice combo of butter and seasoning and also the bun was prefect. The soup was excellent with good flavors and not salty at all. 

The staff was very friendly and the premises super clean. Luke's is located below grade in sort of a basement store front so look for it.
