I love this local Taiwanese boba shop in West Philly! Lulu Cafe is named after the owners' adorable French bulldog, and the menu and flavors are authentic. The shop is small, and there are a couple of tables and window spots. I stop by here once in a while for a brown sugar milk tea and some popcorn chicken. On Sunday, they introduced a new grape refresher - a grape slush with jelly on the bottom, topped with sea salt cream and sliced frozen grapes. if you're into Welch's, you'll probably enjoy this refreshing cooler. The slush is sweet, but not overwhelmingly sweet, and you're able to adjust the sugar level. The sea salt cream helps to balance out the sweetness, and I love the jelly that sits at the bottom. 

Tip: There's only street parking in the area, so parking in this area might get a little bit tricky.
Sweet, yummy boba with classic tea. The space is super small and it looks like they need to update their food menu (they don't sell half of what they advertise on the wall) but overall good service and decent boba for the neighborhood.
The decor is so cute since it's dedicated to Lulu the dog but there is a funky smell-- like boba with a wet mop lol. It needs more ventilation please! Otherwise a good place to stop by to get a drink and since it's small, you shouldn't camp out here.
Everything about this place screams"cute". The cute little cafe, with an absolutely adorable, cute little chubby dog, the cute food served in cute little coffee cups, the cute employees and the cute and colorful bubble tea and coffee drinks. Damn even the customers were cute!
I ordered a peach and passion fruit bubble tea with a order of popcorn chicken including extra garlic and extra spicy, and an order of fresh green beans with extra,extra.
Everything was delicious, especially the chicken and my check total was"cute."
Whenever I need a smile, Lulu Cafe is gonna be my destination.
Came here after a long hiatus because I moved out of west Philly. First thing I noticed is their once oh so cute decor is going down the drain. The place is so cluttered with boxes, containers, and junk everywhere. Also, service isn't as nice as it used to be. I ordered mango latte but the worker thought I said mango qq. Doesn't even sound the same, nor have I even heard of that drink before, but they wouldn't fix the drink. Nor is it even on the menu?! How would I order something I've never seen before? We ordered 6 drinks and ALL six were more watery than normal. 


*EDIT* now they comment on my review with false information for publicity instead of correcting their mistakes. Lost a loyal customer AND now will definitely steer other people away from this dirty place.
I had their red bean boba tea, which was made from genuine red beans. However, there was a 15-minute wait for the boba, which was inconvenient. That being said, the boba was the perfect texture when we got it.

Upon speaking with the staff, I found out that some of their drinks, like the taro drink, is made from taro flavoring. Others are made from the real deal, like the red bean. It caused me to change my order from taro to red bean.
Who can resist coming to Lulu after seeing such adorable pictures of her? FYI: Lulu is the cafe's dog and mascot, hence the name "Lulu Cafe" 

After hearing about the hype, I've concluded that...

- The Milk Tea drinks were subpar, slightly disappointing. The tea was watered down, and the milk consistency was less creamy & smooth. Definitely sticking to my Chinatown local favorites such as Mr Wish and Kungfu Tea for this. 

- The Speciality drinks are worth a shot! Try the Summer if you're a mango and passion fruit juice fan (but I would recommend less sugar) 

**MUST HAVE: 
- SWEET POTATO FRIES. 
- POPCORN CHICKEN. 
No regrets. 

Conclusion: I would come here more for their snacks like sweet potato fries & popcorn chicken than their drinks... and of course, Lulu :)
Wow! What an amazing new addition to the neighborhood. Beautiful, peaceful, clean interior. Very friendly staff. Delicious, reasonably priced drinks and snacks. Awesome drink toppings. What more can you ask for? A cute, lovable French bulldog? Check!

I wish this place much success, but judging by their drinks, snacks, and staff, they'll do very well.
I was happy to hear a small eats taiwanese store was opening on Walnut street. I was lucky enough to get invited to a private opening party a couple of days before the grand opening; and, I have to say the food was absolutely amazing. Almost makes me feel like I was eating at a night market in Taiwan.

The owner was extremely friendly and the dog (Lulu) too! This restaurant makes me feel like home, and I would definitely visit as much as I can! 

and also, there is Internet.
I wanted to like this place. Did I come on an off day? For multiple reasons, the experience I had was just not up to par with the 4.5 star rating this place had. It has cute branding (ok, so sue me, I work in marketing) and a great menu, but not the greatest execution. 

We ordered their taro ball dessert - it was boasted to be handmade and contain a hot drink with taro balls, mochi, herbal jelly, and dark brown sugar. It contained very few of those ingredients, and was expensive at $6.75. 

I ordered a coffee sea salt creme. Perhaps I've been spoiled by Brew Tea Bar in Las Vegas that has cold brew coffee sea salt creme that is rich and delightful, but this coffee was super weak and the sea salt creme was minimal and overly sweetened. 

Andrew ordered a wintermelon tea, which was the best choice among the three drinks. It was lightly sweetened and had great flavor. 

We split a popcorn chicken, but it was less pop-corn and more like chicken nuggets. It was very fatty, although the breading was tasty. You had the option to add in garlic, which was not the best execution because it was raw and in big chunks. There was no way it could be integrated into the flavor of the chicken, so what's the point? 

I also found the service to be somewhat spotty. We came during a rush of people and they didn't seem to know who to serve first. Also, when I went back up to the counter to order the popcorn chicken, they didn't acknowledge me because the staffers were chatting with each other. 

Would think twice about coming back. Hopefully this was just a one-off tepid experience.
Wow the employees are so nice and friendly. The tea is spot on and affordable ($2.75 for a 16oz). Popcorn chicken is well seasoned and crunchy, do get the spicy garlic. Downside is that there is a $10.00 minimum on card.
My partner and I are sort of obsessed with bubble tea and Taiwanese snacks. Not only is this place closer to where we live than the ones in Chinatown, but their tea is great (I had milk green with bubbles and he had honey green), and their snacks are AMAZING! Their sweet potato fries are crazy good, and the popcorn chicken delicious. 

The shop itself is nice but a little small. There's free Wi-Fi, and sometimes, Lulu the dog makes an appearance. 

We will *definitely* be regulars and totally recommend it!
I would say the snacks, service and ambience here are a solid 4.5 stars, and the drink I had a 3 star (although I only had the regular milk tea with boba, so a second trip would be needed to try out their specialty drinks.), rounding out to a solid 4 for the place overall.

I loved the vibe of this cozy boba place that really fits a void in University City as a place to hang out that's not a coffee shop, and can totally envision myself spending a lazy afternoon here (they also have free wifi!). It's small but comfortable, with high ceilings and cute dog-themed decor on the wall and counter.

The food - loved the popcorn chicken and sweet potato fries. The popcorn chicken was deliciously crunchy and flavorful, and the sweet potato fries had the perfect balance of sweetness and crispness. My only complaint is that I wish the portions were a little larger, since I was really sad when I devoured the last piece of the chicken. Would highly recommend both the popcorn chicken and sweet potato fries! 

The drinks - I got the Lulu milk tea, which was a little watery for me and not super outstanding. I usually like my drinks less sweet, but even so this drink was a tad too plain with not enough tea flavor. Their menu is super extensive though, with shaved ice and a variety of other specialty drinks that seemed to be popular, so I'm definitely coming back to give the other drinks a try.
Lulu Cafe is very close to my apartment, so I'm a regular here. It's a remarkable Taiwanese tea & ice shop in University City! They also have a food truck near Temple University.

Lulu cafe serves a wide variety of hot and iced Taiwanese teas (fresh brewed tea, bubble tea, milk tea, etc.) I personally prefer low-sugar drinks, so it's very nice that you can customize sweetness at Lulu. Simple and warm decor makes it a good place to study alone or hang out with friends. I typically order honey black/green tea, jasmine tea, or winter melon tea, and spend 1-2 hours studying or writing in the shop. Their sea salt tea mixes the sweetness and savory, a true specialty! The popcorn chicken (w/ spice) is authentically yummy!

Two cons of Lulu Cafe: (1) $10 minimum for credit card purchases without a fee (bring some cash), and (2) very limited seating area (it seems they focus on takeouts and delivery - Uber eats).
I had the sea salt green tea and popcorn chicken. I feel like the cream for sea salt green tea was too little and the green tea tasted below average. It doesn't taste like real tea and it was too sweet. I've had better sea salt green tea in California and Taiwan. The popcorn chick was pretty good though! If they added basil if would been more authentic.
I came to Lulu's for a study break, and was greeted pleasantly by the owners. They have a large blackboard that lists the menu. Their specials were described to me as nonalcoholic cocktails. I ordered the Charm, which was a lavender lemonade. Not too sweet, with a nice kick. My friend ordered the Summer, which was a mango tea and the best drink of the bunch for sure. Another friend ordered the taro milk tea with bubbles, which was a little disappointing; it tasted very artificial. We also shared a popcorn chicken; seasoned perfectly, it was a great snack to go along with our drinks. The service was quick, the staff was friendly, and the prices are great. Definitely check it out if you're in the area!
Woohoo love the authentic Taiwanese style shaved ice!! I don't know where else to find something like this is Philly. Only thing is it could be cheaper. They charge extra for condensed milk? It should be complimentary! 

I did not try the taro bubble tea but my friends got it and it looks strangely purple like there was food coloring added. I personally hate food coloring!
Came here because the reviews were so positive (also I was hoping to see the pug, no luck though) and I wasn't disappointed!

They have a $10 MIN for cards so I ordered a hot latte (which was standard), a matcha latte with boba (which was pretty and delicious, the boba was very good) and the sweet potato fries.

Personally, I didn't think the sweet potato fries were amazing but the price is very reasonable. They were seasoned with salt and sugar. Tasted great. Texture was soft though. I should've ordered the popcorn chicken.

The matcha latte is something I would get again! It tasted of quality and care!

The service was good. At first the cashier seemed a bit indifferent (maybe because it was earlier in her shift) but later warmed up to me.

Overall though, this wasn't necessarily a 5-star experience but I don't have too many complaints.

The interior is cute. There's free WiFi and a restroom!
Love the pop corn chicken and the sweet potato fries! Best Taiwanese street food in philly. The tea also taxes very authentic and not too sweet
Pros:
-Authentic Taiwanese ingredients that you can distinguish from the taste
-Sweet potato fries and popcorn chicken are outstanding
-Taro ice blended drink was out of this world. I've never tasted such amazing taro flavor before

Cons:
-Very limited seating, 10-11
-Premium prices
Gotta love to have bubble tea and Asian snacks in the west philly neighborhood! Service is excellent, food is fresh made and the milk tea is on point. They have lots of options on drinks, you should be able to find something you like. Not to mention the lulu icon on the cups are so cute.
This is my first time visit this cafe. 
A bit far from South Philly, but I want to come here & try other drink ;p
I ordered Shaved ice with herbal jelly, pudding & green tea mochi, Caramel pudding boba Milk Latte, Popcorn Chicken garlic & spicy and Sweet Potato Fries. 
I'm not really fans of shaved ice and sweet potato, but both of them was good. I wish the shaved ice is sweeter than this (maybe I can ask more condensed milk). The Mochi was really good, the pudding was ok.The sweet potato fries was good too, they put in the coffee cup with lids & put 2 skewer, I really like the way they served it. Easy to eat easy to carry. And  the Popcorn Chicken too!
Not too spicy, until you bite the garlic, lol. The Caramel Milk Latte is good, again, because I'm a sweet tooth, I want sweeter then this. But thats fine then. The bubble/boba was good too. I should put on my shaved ice!!! 
Well, I'm sure I will come back here and try other foods and drinks!
A much needed Asian drinks/cafe in the West Philly area. During my first visit here, I spent about 6 minutes looking at their menu because of all their food items available as well! Even though I was taking so long, the staff was super nice and patient. The only con is this place is super small - probably can only sit about 10 people. Overall definitely a place to go when Chinatown is out of the way.
This place is a great staple if you're in the general Philly area. It became a ritual for my SO and I to stop by here whenever we took our dog to the nearby dog bowl. We always ordered their milk oolong bubble tea along with their fried chicken. These are in my humble opinion the best drink and food options to get on their menu.
Ordered the peach oolong qq (70% sweet) with sea salt cream and my friend got the winter melon tea. The peach oolong was pretty good - it comes with boba and coconut jelly (I didnt get the boba) and I like the salty cream on top, but all of this made it SUPER pricey (almost $7), I dont think I've ever paid so much for a drink. 

But I think I found my new favorite tea - THE WINTER MELON :D it's so good and refreshing, honestly will probably order this all the time now

We also got the garlic popcorn chicken which was also so good, would 100% recommend. 

All in all it's a very cute bubble tea cafe with some great food options too. A little small but the smell of fried chicken always wafting through the place makes up for it :)
Hello! Huge shaved ice fanatic here. I came all the way from northeast for this :)

Lulu Cafe definitely gets an A for the theme and aesthetics. The shop is a lot smaller than I imagined; it has a cutesy, hipster feel to it and I love all the dog props! The service was great, employees were very polite, attentive, and friendly. I was with my nephew and the cashier gave him dog stickers :)

I had the shaved ice (with brown sugar) and condensed milk topped with green tea mochi, custard pudding, and coconut jelly. The shaved ice was really good alone, not too bland, and not too sweet. The green tea mochi was so good! It was my first time trying this flavor and id definitely get it again. The custard pudding was also delicious, tastes a little bit like mango pudding. And you can never go wrong with coconut jelly! I also got the popcorn chicken and the squid balls. The popcorn chicken was yummy, a little bit too salty but crispy and hot out the fryer. The squid balls were pretty basic squid balls, nothing bad to say about them. A for taste!

My only complaint is the prices could definitely be a lot cheaper. $7.25 for shaved ice which is OK I guess for 3 toppings but $5 for the cup of chicken and $5 for 6 squid balls is pretty pricey. 
Overall, great place! I'll definitely be back a lot moreF if it was closer, I'd definitely go once a week. The shaved ice was great :D
Best milk tea I've ever had! Completely destroyed all my standards of milk tea and Chinatown galore of bubble tea houses. 

The owner is so enthusiastic, passionate, and confident about everything on her menu that you'll be drawn in to go again and again. 

I got the milk tea with custard pudding and it was wonderful with a unique tea flavor to it. The flavor actually reminded of cappuccino, which was a very good thing because it worked!

My friend got the green milk tea and she said "wow" immediately following her first sip. It took every ounce of my power to not say: gimme some!!

Terrific addition to the university city area. I will be back!
My friends and I are in love with Lulu cafe. It is my favorite boba shop in the city. They have the best popcorn chicken and Matcha Boba Milk Latte. I highly recommend ordering these two items. The store is also very cute with their dog mascot decorated all over the store.
As with most Taiwanese places, I wish Lulu was in New York. It is by no means perfect; the string bean was questionable as a snack, the red bean for the shaved ice could be better (or just some more options for traditional shaved iced toppings), but overall, I'm pretty happy with them (BECAUSE THEY HAVE THE RICE BALLS!!!). They have popping boba, so if you're into that (which I'm not), you have that option here. The boba was decently Q, and after ordering the matcha latte and forgetting to ask for less sweet, I was genuinely surprised that I had nothing to worry about.

I hate disagreeing with Lily L. in general, but I really enjoyed the popcorn chicken with garlic. And I love raw garlic, I grew up eating raw garlic with my zha jiang mien, so gimme raw garlic any day. The sweet potato fries were good and crispy, but there was something missing that I couldn't really put my finger on.

They ladies here were super nice. I came with a friend to write during a weekday, so we were able to get a table (there's only about two tables and some counter space). We were there for a few hours, although we did order quite a bit, but they never seemed to rush us (it was slow though). And because it was relatively quiet, the girl who took my order was so sweet and let me preorder my shaved ice so I could meet the $10 minimum for CC use.
My go-to for boba in West Philly. Yes it's kinda far from Penn and there are boba shops closer to campus but it's worth the walk. I usually get grapefruit green tea (with 50% sugar) but I think I'll try something else next time (at least that's what I tell myself everytime lol). I also got the spicy popcorn chicken to treat myself; it's really good so I would recommend it!

Fyi there is a $10 card minimum. Seating is pretty limited so most people order to go, but there is a bathroom and wifi so this place is a decent place to study if you're able to snag a table or seat.
Came here desperate for some boba. This place is a little hidden gem. It has the most adorable decorations with dog decorations everywhere and snacks for anyone who actually brings their doggy with them. 

Boba is was great, made quickly and wasn't too sweet.
The elusive brown sugar milk tea is here and it is gOOd.  It's called the Milky Way and they describe it as a brown sugar milk latte. The bubbles are soft and chewy just as you'd expect and are steeped in brown sugar which you can definitely taste. The sweetness from the bubbles balances with the unsweetened (or not super sweet) milk and its topped with a sea salt foam. A bit pricy tho at $6.25 for a small but tbh I'd definitely get it again. Can't find it anywhere else and it's tAsTy. 
My friend got a large caramel pudding milk latte and I had a taste and it was also really good. Also not too sweet - the milk latte style they do I'm guessing. He kept saying the pudding aspect reminded him of che. I think I'd def try this next time if I go. And this one is more 'normal' bubble tea pricing. 
Also gotta try their food next time!
My favorite rose milk tea here! Their fired chicken is also good! There used to be a food track near Drexel, but Not now, sad......
Best and most authentic boba place in Philly! Been here several times and they haven't disappointed. I also like the little details in the store decorations--really gives a homey feel!
This is the best bubble tea place in west philly! The popcorn chicken is a must!
I liked this place when it first opened, because the food and drinks are pretty good, and the owner is nice. But the new employees are not very friendly, and they gave me a popcorn chicken that's half empty(looks like someone's leftover). They also have a strick rule of no credit card payment if your order is under $10...so you need to either have cash or to buy two items at a time.
I'm so glad my friend found this on Yelp! 

The staff are super friendly and helpful. The owner gets genuinely excited when people like their drinks, and cares a lot about the customers. I tried the sea salt coffee. It's really delicious. It's very sweet since I think they use evaporated milk or something similar, so probably not for everyone, but I really enjoyed it. 

Their tea selection is really large, and I look forward to coming back!

Also, Lulu the dog is so precious. She snuggles up to customers and is a lot of fun to play with. She can also do tricks like give high fives and shake your hand. Well worth the trip!
This is the best boba spot. I've been going here since they first opened. Have been wanting to write a review for a while but I kept forgetting. Everything I've tried here is delicious from the drinks to the snacks. My favorite are:  caramel milk tea with pudding and boba, sea salt iced coffee, hot latte, pop corn chicken and sweet potato fries! Plus the logo is so cute!
A cute little cafe (the dog decorations are adorable), this place will brighten your mood the moment you step in. But I wish I had as pleasant an experience  with the food and bevarage as I had with the ambience!

I ordered popcorn chicken and jasmine green tea. The chicken was essentially breaded chicken fat/skin, which was very greasy and unhealthy (as it was all fat and no flesh). I had it "garlic-ed up" which made it very spicy and delicious (loved the tiny bits of fried garlic). It could potentially become my best fried chicken ever, if only it had "real chicken"!

After the disappointing food, I sipped on my Jasmine Green Tea which neither had the essence of jasmine nor tasted like tea. It was a green, sweetened liquid. Won't ever order any bevarage here!
I've been here a couple times over the last two years and have had a good experience each time! I love the snacks in general but especially the popcorn chicken - it's a must (get garlic and spicy!!) The robin's egg blue and dog-themed decor makes the ambience cute and unique; one time the dog was even there to visit :) 

Lulu is a place you wouldn't expect to find in West Philly but an awesome discovery once you do!
Lulu Cafe is a super cute little cafe with a wide variety of bubble tea and latte options and Asian snacks. The baristas are friendly and your order comes out relatively fast. The prices are pretty average. The cafe itself is relatively small and seating is limited. This is a great place to get bubble tea to-go!
I'm really excited that there's more Taiwanese food in West Philly! The food and drinks here are pretty authentic and tasty. Although the interior is aesthetically pleasing, it's in a weird location and is pretty tucked away (so it's kind of hard to find). It's a bit pricey ($4.50 for a large milk tea, which doesn't include boba). There are other more affordable options for Taiwanese drinks that taste just as good. 
Also, each time I visit Lulu's,  I notice that the quantity of their $4.95 popcorn chicken (which comes in a cup smaller than a small coffee) gets less and less.
Great cafe for amazing boba and authentic Taiwanese snacks! Came to Lulu on a friend's recommendation, and entered a super cute, French bulldog-themed cafe. While the prices are a little high, the food quality makes it worth.

The drink menu is huge, but I got the Milky Way drink (which was one of their specials) and the garlic and spicy-flavored popcorn chicken. The drink was fantastic - it not only had multiple layers, but was rich, creamy, and had a strong black sugar taste. The popcorn chicken tasted exactly like the chicken from street vendors in Taiwan. Even though the portion size is small for the price (one cup was around $5), it's the best Taiwanese popcorn chicken I've had since coming to Philadelphia.

Definitely stop by - this is an up and coming West Philly gem.
Their milk tea is just nice for me. For those who love milk tea in the less sugary side, this cafe is just for you. 
Their sweet potato fries and salted pepper popcorn chicken are great too. 
Plus you get to meet their mascot - a dog named Lulu. Will visit again.
Visited with 2 kids and 3 adults. There is VERY LITTLE SEATING HERE! Only 2 very small tables and some bar stools at the window. Luckily we were able to snag a table. 

We came on a Sunday afternoon and the place was very busy. The crowd is pretty young overall. The options for tea are plentiful, food, not so much. The food they do have is very simple but it's a great snack. The bomgels are fried bagels and were a surprise- we had the condensed milk ones.

Other than the seating issue, the worse thing about this place is the wait. Because it was very busy, it took easily 30 minutes to get our food and another 5 or 10 to get our drinks. They need at least 1 more employee during busy times: 1 for dealing w/ customers (taking orders, serving), 1 for cooking, and 1 for making tea. When we came the line was nearly out the door and there were only 2 employees. 

I had the salted green tea, and that was surprisingly delicious! If I were in the area, would definitely come back to get tea and the chicken again!
I was looking for a go-to milk tea place on campus. I was pleasantly surprised to notice that this shop was a couple blocks away from our main campus. After finding it on this website, I was eager to stop by and see how the boba was and whether or not I had to continue making trips to Chinatown to get my fix. 

Overall, the shop reminds me a lot like the boba places back at home (California) including the snacks and the milk tea varieties. I loved my sea salt green tea, which is typically a hit or miss with most shops. I came here with a couple of friends and they all loved their drinks.

The best part about this cafe is the atmosphere. It's a small cozy shop where people like to study. I think the resident doggie is a plus and really perks up the atmosphere. Seems like this shop has a lot of frequent customers and I definitely want to come back more often to try more of their drinks!
I love this place! The drink is terrific!! 
I came here for a visit. I was craving for milk tea. And thanks god UberEATS does do delivery from lulu cafe. I am totally in love with the drink here. I get what i asked and order. Love it
Prayers have been answered, there's finally a boba place close to USP so I don't have to trek all the way to Ochatto or Chinatown. Ordered Lavendar boba with half sugar, and it was pretty good. The spicy garlic popcorn chicken also tastes amazing and was super juicy; try it if you haven't yet! The cafe is a pretty small but cozy place. Lulu the dog also shows up on Sundays.
Everything was delicious. Especially the popcorn chicken with garlic and chili powder. Pretty authentic Taiwanese snacks and bubble teas. Will definitely come back again!
Good boba milk tea. Pricey because no other competition in the area. We did not try the popcorn chicken or other snacks so can't comment. Shaved ice had good topping choices but again, pricey for the size. Cute decor but small space without much seating. Overall a nice addition to west Philly worth checking out if you are in the area.
The BEST popcorn chicken in east coast! I strongly recommend the monster style popcorn chicken because the chicken is fresh, crispy and juicy! And they use the fresh garlic，which is amazing! The espresso milk tea is my favorite drink. They deserve six stars!
Super cute shop! They really love the french bulldog motif here. I would go just for the ambiance, although it is a small store with relatively little seating. My sister got the original Lulu milk tea. It was just average, but we are comparing with some of the best boba in LA and Asia. I got the passionfruit green tea QQ, which I thought was done very well. It was not overwhelmingly sweet and the lychee jelly was a nice touch. My only regret is that Lulu wasn't there when we went!
Very authentic boba milk tea! Love that it is sweetened with black sugar. It's also a great place for meeting up with a friend or to get some work done. I went at 5 pm and it was a bit crowded. 

Staff is very accommodating to sweetness and ice adjustments. They also deliver on uber eats!
This is by far my favorite bubble tea joint. My favorite is the herbal jelly bubble tea. It's to die for. I have yet to try their food items but I'm always experimenting with their bubble tea flavors. The staff is attentive friendly and professional. Place is cute and clean. This place is worth trekking to west philly for!
OMG! OMG!

Lulu Cafe is amazing! My girlfriend and I stopped by the other day after my friend had suggested it. The place is cute. I ordered their cappuccino and my girlfriend ordered the lavander drink. Oh my they were delicious. I have never tasted drinks like this any where else. When I asked why their drinks taste different from other places I was told that they use organic coffee beans and lavander flowers from France. No wonder! The drinks were so good and I had to order another tomato plum green tea. Amazing! It was fresh cherry tomato blended with plum juice and green tea. Very fresh and refreshing. No doubt I'm coming back to this amazing place!

Their popcorn chicken is a bomb! Ask them for garlic with it! :)
I'm glad my friend suggested we try this new place out. It's super cute! Unfortunately, Lulu the dog wasn't there when we came in. The place is small with 2 tables and some windows stools. The menu is large and on the wall. The place is new so the employees don't know the menu thoroughly. Luckily we were the only ones in there so we could ask questions and not feel pressured.  

We ordered the popcorn chicken (Taiwanese specialty!), french fries and tea. I was excited to see they had winter melon tea. I am in search of the best winter melon tea in philly (bubble fish's sea salt foam is the best so far)!! This place only served it cold. The drinks came out first and my tea was crazy sweet. I didn't think they would add that much sugar. It was my mistake to not tell them to do zero sugar...other places dont' add any at all as it is a simple tea. I do suggest having a sign telling customers they can adjust their sugar/sweetness level. I tried my friend's almond milk tea. I didnt' care for it but she liked it. 

The popcorn chicken was delicious. They offer it spicy or garlic. We got garlic and it was really flavorful. I would say Lulu's popcorn chicken has the best flavor. Other chinatown spots have a weird spice in it that throws off the flavor. The french fries were standard and they do offer that in spicy flavor too. 

I saw they have salt foam coffee which i'm really excited to try when i return. I'll definitely get the chicken again too. Great addition to West Philly.
This is one of my new favorite spots for bubble tea. I got the grapefruit green tea which was one of the best teas I've tasted. They used real grapefruit and I can tell they used green tea leaves. I've also gotten the popcorn chicken, milk tea with grass jelly, and milk tea with boba. When I eat the food here, it reminds me of childhood days of eating at Taiwan. Only suggestion is to make drinks suitable for Vegans(Almond milk, oats milk,etc) to attract more costumers.
My favorite milk tea in Philadelphia.

I've tried TeaDo, Kungfu Tea, and etc... in Chinatown, but Lulu Cafe is my favorite!

Perfect texture boba and flavorful milk tea. Yums. Everyone has their own preference for milk tea, but Lulu Cafe is my favorite.
Driving through Phili waiting for cheesesteaks down the road and happened to park in front of this place. Went in to kill time on a 45 minute wait at the cheesesteak place. The Lulu Taro milk tea was glorious. The flavors were so pronounced and enhanced that it almost tasted like coffee. It was like really good coffee with no bitterness or sourness at all. Only thing I would do is adjust the sweetness to taste.
Wow, what can I say about this place! It's great! Everyone working there is so polite and courteous. I ordered a shaved ice with herbal jelly, condensed milk and their green tea mochi; it was huge and very tasty! After that I ordered a Summer off the specialty and popcorn chicken, YUM!
This place is dirty, drinks are watery, and the place is too small to even sit. They get your drink orders incorrect and will attack you with incredible rudeness when you ask for clarity about the drink. Chinatown is not far for better and cheaper bubble tea. If Chinatown is too far, Winterfell, Ice Cave, and OChatto all have bubble tea with nice service, clean area, and seating space.
I normally am quite ambivalent about boba but I tried their lavender drink and Jin's rose drink and can say that I have officially converted! The space inside is quite small but very aesthetic. The drinks are very well made and super creamy with consistently chewy bubbles and strong but not overpowering flavors. They even have savory snacks like chicken if you want. The only con is that it takes forever to get your order... it took 20 minutes just for my order to come through!
So goooood! The deep fried chicken is very juice, chef cooked it perfectly. And it BONELESS, amazing! 
Also I have the brown sugar bubble milk tea, the bubble is not too sweet and can taste the flavor of dark brown sugar, great combination
Very friendly owner. The lulu mike tea is great. definitely recommend to everyone in the area. 
Haven't get the chance to meet Lulu. Hope next time could see her!
I love their drink and popcorn chicken dressed with fresh garlic. Modern decoration and nice service!
Interesting place. Saw this Taiwanese small eats place pop up in University City so I thought it was worth going to check out. Went by myself one night and ordered what people seemed to really like, which were the sweet potato fries, popcorn chicken, and the standard black milk bubble tea. Boba consistency here is pretty good. However, the amount of sugar in tea could definitely be more as it did taste a little bland (not enough sugar by default; ask for more sugar next time). Sweet potato fries were alright ... decent, but not as crispy as I thought they'd be, but I guess there's only so much one can do with sweet potato fries (I don't think I ever recall crispy sweet potato fries ever). Popcorn chicken by itself is a-ok in the middle, would definitely appreciate if the garlic pieces in the actual snack were not so big as smaller garlic pieces would be so much better. In general, decent place. Not a lot of seating here though so be warned esp. if you're coming here in the winter and place ends up being packed.
I want to like this place -- reminds me of a place back home in Rockville, MD -- but the quality is so inconsistent sometimes not even worth eating. This time, it was burnt espresso (liquid charcoal) and mediocre at best drinks and Servings (as depicted). Very underwhelming every time. I think I've finally learned my lesson.
Lulu has very authentic Taiwanese snacks and beverages. Snacks are freshly cooked, so you might have to wait for a little, totally worth it though!
I ordered a iced cold almond milk tea with boba and it came half way filled up hot with no boba through Uber eats. This is very unacceptable and will be my last time. Good luck!
I ordered takeout from Uber Eats. The Uber driver was super nice. However, the food is not as good as displayed in the website. I have been to the actual cafe, and the Milky Way tastes better than the one from a takeout. The takeout does not have caramel in it, and from these pictures, you can clearly see the difference. The one on the left is from the store, the other one is from takeout.
Great for west philly despite the lack of bubble tea places. 

Environment: great for studying with only a few outlets and limited desk space but still giving it a very homey feel with great AC on hot summer days 

Drinks: incredibly fresh. Nothing that particularly stands out versus other bubble tea places but it just means it's equally as good

Price: just a tad pricier than other bubble tea places but for the location, it's worth the insignificant premium

Other food apps: best popcorn chicken I've had in the city. Surprisingly I've had authentic Taiwanese popcorn chicken but this one blew me away. I'm a sucker for salt and this fit that bill..
I like ordering snacks from this place, popcorn chicken and sweet potato fries are pretty good.

The drinks are decent too but don't get the milk teas. I tried a Lulu milk tea and it had a coffee creamer aftertaste to it, which I don't like.
Cute off-campus cafe with high quality boba! Their classic black milk tea has a rich milk flavor and I'm also a fan of their oolong milk tea. I like that their boba is not too sweet, even before a sugar reduction. Their popcorn chicken is also delicious. Definitely recommend stopping by!

(Note: credit card minimum of $10)
I love coming to lulu! I've been meaning to come for a few months and finally got to come with some friends. There isn't a ton of seating, but most people don't stay, so I've been able ti sit at a table with my friends both times I've come here. I get taro milk tea and it's amazing! My friend gets the brown sugar milk tea and it's honestly so good. I definitely recommend it. There are also amazing snacks. We get popcorn chicken and sweet potato fries. Everything was super tasty.  Overall, I love this place. It's kind of far from campus, but it's worth the walk. It's definitely one of the top boba places in philly.
The best bubble tea i had in a long time. The atmosphere is great. The owner is awesome! She is so helpful and enthusiastic about her job! 

 My go to drink is the sea salt green tea. Trust me, its delicious! The sea salt cream brings out the flavor of the tea! 

Go to snack is the spicy fried squid balls

If you are living in the are i highly recommend you visit
The regular milk tea was actually incredible. I think the tea base they used had something special like chrysanthemum or something extra to give it that beautiful flavor. However, the last time I went it tastes different and I am sad. Still, the fried chicken is tasty also and the rest of their drinks are good. 

Cash only under $10
My search for an alternative to Tea Do and Kung Fu Tea in or around UCity led me a quaint and humble cafe located on 45th and Walnut, Lulu Cafe. With no real expectations, I ordered my go-to Jasmine Green Tea with their best sellers: popcorn chicken and fries. First impressions, excellent. 

Green Tea was brewed perfectly, not too bitter nor lacking in depth. The floral accent of Jasmine was natural, yet not overpowering as I would typically expect. The drink itself was surprisingly harmonious. 

Moving onto their snacks. They have their recipe carefully tuned and developed. Just the right amount of texture and flavor while preserving the ingredients' integrity. Also, what really surprised me was the lack of oil residue. Personally, it was a very clean bite. 

With such a great first impression, I had to give this place another try. Saving the details, let me sum it up in a few words. Consistent, fresh ingredients, and honest flavors. My personal favorites include their Jasmine Green Tea, Mi.lky Way, Royal Milk Tea, Golden Oat, Popcorn Chicken, Fried Shrimp, and Fries. Be sure to try their specialty drinks as they were specifically designed by allowing each employee to create their own masterpiece based on their love and palette for tea. 

My only qualm would be their pricing. Admittedly, a tad higher than your average cafe; however, trust me, you pay for quality. I had an opportunity to chat with the owner and learned she sources a majority of Lulu's supplies directly from Taiwan. Talk about authentic. She wants to share aspects of her culture such as classic Taiwanese street snacks and traditional Boba recipes with her second home, Philadelphia. Lucky us. I have not yet had the chance to visit Taiwan, but Lulu's sure makes me want to in the near future. Don't miss out on this gem next time you are in the area!
Best milk tea in Philadelphia!! I highly recommend sea salt cream and winter melon milk tea. Those are my favorite. I also like all the fruity drinks with Lulu's oolong tea or green tea. For people who like tea flavors in the drink, those are the best. I love visiting Lulu. They always have special decorations for holidays, Halloween, Valentine's Day etc..
Food and drinks are great! Been back several times for the popcorn chicken and sweet potato fries. Service is extremely slow, though. Don't come if you're in a rush.
Small cute cafe in West Philly/University City. They offer a variety of bubble tea and snack options. I went in to try the brown sugar bubble tea but they told me it would take about a half an hr. I opted for the matcha oolong tea. It is a bit out of the way, but if you're in the area you should definitely try Lulu Cafe. This cafe makes a cute study spot. I will definitely be back!
I love lulu cafe! I live near it so it's convenient but I would say it's one of the better boba places on UPenn's campus. The boba isn't too starchy or hard but is squishy and the right texture. The milk tea is creamy but not overpowering , and the service is pretty kind. I really enjoy their regular milk tea or their oolong milk tea. The teas aren't too watered down either. Their chicken is also very yummy. I would highly recommend !
Lulu's!! Not gonna lie I really dislike the space because it's cramped and would be super successful in regards to people staying if it was bigger but if you're poppin in and out it's cute. My favorite thing at this place is the lavender milk tea, with dried lavender on top! I might just be easily amused but I love it. I can't speak to the food as it has never grabbed my attention. The honey bubbles are delicious and now this post is making me want boba. I think the whole aesthetic of the place is good though, I love the french bully, and I love the cups with him on it so much, it really makes it a fun place to go. I wish the food grabbed my attention more, but because it doesn't I only go for boba. Anyway, try this place in West Philly, it's fun. Oh and they don't take cards for under 10 dollars which..mehhhh.
My new favorite boba shop in Philly! I love everything about this cafe from the boba itself, to the aesthetics and decor, to the cute little French bulldog design on their drink cups.

My favorite drink that I've tried here so far is the Lychee Lemon Yogurt drink, a must-try with tapioca and peach popping boba. Their tapioca is well-cooked and perfectly sweet. I have also tried the Milky Way drink (brown sugar latte) and Jin's Rose (rose milk tea), both of which were great and not too sweet. Subtle flavors all around, but in no way did the drinks taste watered-down at all.

It's a rather small space and might feel a bit cramped if there's a rush of people coming in, but I imagine it would be the PERFECT study spot on quiet days. My only thing about this cafe is that it's a bit pricey; the more toppings you add to your drink, the more it adds up. However, once you taste the quality of their drinks, you'll understand why the prices are what they are. 

I look forward to coming back and trying more of their drinks and food items. The cafe is a bit out of the way but is accessible via the 46th St subway station and a short walk. It's because of its location that I don't come here as often as I would like (but maybe it's better for my bank account!).
I was craving bubble tea and we found this adorable gem in West Philly.  The menu first off is very extensive - we had a hard time deciding what drink we wanted to get because everything looked absolutely amazing.  We finally decided on Golden Oat (oat milk + dark roast golden oolong tea with a touch of longan honey and coffee jelly) and Flora; Hua (lavender ice blended with housemade whipped cream, sprinkled with lavender petals blueberry drizzle).  Both drinks were amazing, and the flavor combinations worked really well.

What makes Lulu special is that they have a whole section of their menu where their employees have designed their own drinks and put it up on the menu which is really cool to see. 

We also got a poopie soft serve to share (vegan! truly does look like a cartoon poopie swirl haha) and their flavor right now for it is earl grey; the tea flavor really comes across well and it was delicious. I'm excited to see what the next seasonal flavor is.

We absolutely will be back, there's just so much to try on the menu both drink and dessert-wise! Just as a heads up, you have to order ahead online (they are pick up only right now due to COVID). The wait for our drinks was not long at all. Definitely recommend you stop by next time you're in the West Philly area.
FYI: this isn't anything about their food or drinks but the cafe is named after their dog which is literally the cutest thing.

WHAT WE GOT: Garlic popcorn chicken, green milk tea (with boba), and oolong milk tea 

PROS: Ohhhh my goodness.....why I'm just now discovering Lulu Cafe is beyond me. This place is like heaven on earth. First of all, the smell of the cafe itself reminds me of my grandparent's home in China. So already, extra points for authenticity. The whole place is decorated cutely, with pictures and paintings of their dog, Lulu, on the walls and their menu written out on this huge chalkboard. The drinks are some of the best I've had in Philly. They brew their own teas, from what I'm told, making the taste of it really strong. It's a good mix of the tea and the milk and the whole thing isn't too sweet either. Their boba is also amazingly chewy. I absolutely loved it. The garlic popcorn chicken was on a whole other scale. First of all, they got real garlic pieces going on. Like chunks of actual garlic sprinkled throughout the chicken. Um, yes. And the meat itself isn't dry at all. The chicken was still moist even after being coated and fried. Everything was seriously too good.

CONS: Well, okay. This is only because I live in Center City but it is a bit of a trek to get to this place. Also, there's not much seating on the inside so this is definitely a place where I would grab it and go or go on an off day where there won't be too many people in the area.
Lulu Cafe is a solid spot for bubble tea in UCity. A quick walk from Penn's campus, Lulu Cafe is nestled in the heart of West Philly. If you've exhausted all your options for bubble tea or desserts in the area like KFT, Tea Do, or Paris Baguette, look no further! This place is super cute, niche, and a step away from large chains, this is the place to be.

While my friends and I enjoyed our drinks outside due to COVID-19 modifications, we enjoyed them nonetheless. It was easy to order and receive our drinks using the QR code, but unfortunately seating outside was limited. The Sea Salt Oolong tea was delicious and it seemed that the rest of what my friends had were yummy too.

Would come back and try another drink again! Stay safe, friends!
Legit bubble tea house like I used to frequent in China. Menu is in English and Chinese. Lots of add ons for your drink and you can pick ice and sugar level. But I don't find their drinks to be overly sweet.
