Charming & cozy, Luna is a sweet luncheonette in Old City. The menu is not full of fluff and fancy, it's straight up good solid farm to table classics! Loved the turquoise Fiesta-ware china, and custom Luna mugs. The staff is low key and laid back, not pestering you or rushing you out the door. I had the eggs over easy and my friend had a croissant sandwich, our coffee mugs were always full. Great atmosphere, will be back!
After two visits to Luna Café, I'm feeling confident giving it four stars. During my first visit, I was a little disappointment with the sandwich I got but glad I ended up back there a second time because this experience was much better. 

On my most recent visit, I had the portobello and pesto bowl and it was delicious. It was packed with quinoa, grilled chicken, portobello mushrooms, and corn. It normally comes with chickpeas as well but I asked our server to hold them because I'm allergic. The grilled chicken was cooked perfectly and the bowl came with homemade pesto that was really good. I do wish it had come with more pesto, but I was so deep in conversation with my dining partner that I kept forgetting to ask for more!

Our waitress was nice and service was very fast. She gave me as many coffee refills as I needed which was much appreciated (one of the days!). 

If I return, I'll most likely get the portobello and pesto bowl again or maybe I'll try a different one. There's a few different bowls on the menu and they all sound great!
I enjoyed my meal at Luna, but I'm going with three stars which feels accurate of my experience overall. Our server was friendly and poured us waters as soon as we sat. I ordered the buffalo chicken salad with dressing on the side. 

My salad arrived and was super tasty, but I did need some more buffalo sauce because I like things saucy. There was no avocado on the salad, which had been listed on the menu. So that was a bummer. My dining partner ordered a sandwich, which she later told me was really kind of boring. Mental note for next time. 

No one really checked in with us after we got our food and I had to flag a server down for more water. Our check was dropped without an ask if we needed anything else. And, as others have mentioned, it's cash only. 

Again, I liked my salad a lot so would get that again if I were to return. I wouldn't go out of my way, though.
I think I found a new favorite spot !!
This cafe is so darling and the staff is very nice. Their chicken and waffle is to die for and you can't go wrong with pancakes (with strawberries). Also,  a classic egg breakfast never fails. But let's not forget my dish which was amazing breakfast tacos. Finished off with iced coffee and I was in brunch heaven. It's cash only so be prepared!
I want to like Cafe Luna. It's absolutely charming and in a great location in Old City. I've been 4 or 5 times for lunch on weekdays, each time at colleagues' insistence. Every visit I'm left thinking maybe next visit will be better. It's not. The service is friendly but usually spotty and slow. Every time I've ordered a dish with eggs (twice) they're oily and, in the case of the breakfast taco, soggy. I never finished those orders. Their sandwiches and fries are ok but not worth the price.

Unlike other reviewers, I support their cash only rule. Credit cards charge ridiculous fees, especially for small businesses. CVS is half a block up, so I typically run in and debit something for cash back if, I needed.

I'd give this cafe 2 stars for food and service but have to bump it up to 3 for its cute charm.
My friend suggested this spot for breakfast so I decided to order it through UberEats so we could just relax and chill waiting for the food to come. I ordered the sausage with biscuits and gravy and he orders an egg sandwich with sausage and avocado on it. 

It was delivered very quickly- I guess cause my friend lives close to the place. Was all excited to dig in on some tasty food- but was upset cause it was cold. Well my sausage and biscuits was cold and my friend said his sandwich was semi warm. 

It wasn't the best breakfast I had but still had a lot of flavor. I would give this place another try but would next time go to the restaurant.
Great new cafe in town!  Try it soon--you'll love it, as I did!
I got there 30 mins before closing, but Matthew, my waiter, was so nice and kind and took care of me. The Cafe is very inviting, pleasant and warm.

what's better than warming up with a soup in 25°F night? 
I wanted the soup of the day, and it happened to be a cream of cauliflower. Really?!! I can't stand cauliflower. Ughhh. I got it anyway, all I wanted was to stay cozy and warm. WOW! This soup rocked my world. Smooth and comforting, full of flavor and very superb winter soup. 
Now I know why they claim it's one of the house favorite sandwiches. A rich and creamy grilled chicken breast salad on a bed of crisp lettuce and juicy tomatoes on a perfect toasted everything bagel. It was served with a house salad with honey mustard vinaigrette. Very well-made sandwich and definitely not your typical chicken salad- in a good way! Yum


"Whoa-oa-oa! I feel good, I knew that I would, now
I feel good, I knew that I would, now
So good, so good, I got you"

Four Yelps!
I owe this place at least three stars for the following two reasons:

1) I almost burnt their lovely establishment down during their Grand Opening (more on that in a minute).
2) I am hopeful this new restaurant, unlike the previous one in its place (which shall remain anonyPanini's Trattoria), will not have a staff member outside asking me to dine there every time I walk by. Usually while I'm walking my dog. Or with groceries in my hand. Or doing something similar that in no way screams "HEY LOOKING TO HAVE A GOOD MEAL WHERE SHOULD I GO?!" It's bad enough being harassed by the Big Bus Company folks and 5th and Market. And having to resist buying every adorable dog that's ever in the window at Doggie Style. If your restaurant is good, you will not need to request my presence. I'll be there. No invite necessary.

So to keep with the theme of this review, I will continue to provide my insight to you in list form (you're welcome). Here's what they're doing well.

- Décor - Love the homey, vintagey vibe with local artwork.
- Staff - Incredibly welcoming. Incredibly helpful.
- (Mostly) local sourcing, healthy, yet creative food options.
- Free champagne during grand opening. They had me at free champagne.

However, there is room for improvement.

- Paper napkins + uncovered tea lights = fire hazard. Glad I could demonstrate that to them early in their new adventure. I AM THE WORST. Luna Café, please once again accept my apologies for thinking that fanning a napkin on fire with my bill folder was a good idea.
- Food execution (see next three bullet points).
- Latke Luna - a little more salt/spice/flavor on the actual latkes. However, both dipping sauces were quite nice.
- Fritto Misto - Menu said "lightly fried," but it wasn't quite "lightly" enough. The fish they used was great and was overshadowed by too much breading.
- Caprese Focaccia Panini - Wonderful flavors, but ours was cold in the middle. Sad face.

Definitely going to come back. Probably for brunch (oh hello Brie Stuffed French Toast) and/or a juice (Green juice? Yes, please).
Delicious breakfast. I was craving huevo rancheros and doin his place thanks to Yelpers. Yes, it's small and you get to walk through the kitchen ( I adore that , I think it shows you have nothing to hide) to-get to the few back tables. Our server Rich was delightful and very informative. I had the winning dish although my husband thoroughly enjoyed his, he did agree. I had the huevo rancheros and it was just a flavor bomb. I did share as it was a large dish. He had the frittata with potatoes and it was good as well. I have to take off one star because the food was not hot at all when brought to the table. They were very busy so I kind of get it. Get it out hot folks and you are definitely a winner. My husband wants to go back tomorrow. I always like to try a new place.

Well after having a mediocre experience prior to the Army Navy game yesterday, we returned this morning because we needed some great grub prior to the flight home. There was Rich , happy to help once again. Today we both got the Luna bowl with two eggs ( he got bacon) with the most delicious home fried potatoes with peppers and onions topped with a fresh pico de Gallo and hot sauce. We should have shared because it was huge! But oh so good!!  A lot of West Point cadets were going in as we left and I had to stop and tell them exactly what to order! Lol!  We didn't win the game, but it doesn't matter. We are TEAM USA all the way!!
A friend recommended getting brunch together at Luna Café and so we went. There was no wait as it was New Year's Day, so we had the whole place to ourselves. We were welcomed by the friendliest lady who led us to our table. Waters were brought over soon after we were seated. It took us a while to decide what we wanted to eat, but our server was on standby and came right over to take our orders the minute we were ready. Food came out about 20 minutes after, and was delicious. It hit the spot and was exactly what we needed after a night of drinking. Throughout our meal, we constantly had our waters and coffees refilled. Luna Café definitely gets an A+ for service. Like most brunch places in the city, Luna Café is cash only, and there is an ATM inside the café for your convenience. Also, if you tag your pictures on social media and show it to your server, you get a 5% discount on your meal.
While the companionship of fellow Yelpers was 5 Star, and the overall ambiance of Luna Café nearly so, there is no escaping the fact that my brunch (and that of others) was delivered at the wrong temperature.  

My pancakes, topped with fresh Blueberries, with a side a pure Maple Syrup, were no more than room temp. The dish would have been amazing if brought hot and steaming.  Apparently, the Blueberry Sauce and Maple Syrup were not heated before being poured over the pancakes, or placed on the table, and as a result cooled dramatically while awaiting transport by our server.  The ingredients were first rate, and even cooled had a wonderful taste.  Still, a cool pancake is not optimal for best experience. 

I took the opportunity to talk with the chef to explain what had happened, and suggested the sauces and syrups be heated before use to be sure everything arrived ready for peak consumption.  He was gracious and appreciative for the information. I believe this oversight will be easily corrected.  

Luna Café has a lot of promise.  It has history, charm, friendly service, and an interesting menu.  Fix the small glitches and it will take off.  

I will return soon to find out if the stars ascend.
It took me far too long to simply walk a couple of blocks from my condo and into Luna Cafe for brunch. It's a quant little cafe with excellent service. I had one of the specials, which was cinnamon roll pancakes. They were delicious. Up there with the best pancakes I've ever tasted. Due to a mix up in the kitchen i was also served a Philly muffin sandwich, which they allowed me to pack up for later. It's eggs, Turkey sausage, and a tomato aioli on a Philly muffin. A tasty surprise, as I wasn't expecting it to be so good. I'm generally not a fan of Turkey sausage, but I would definitely get this sandwich again.

Luna Cafe is going to be my new go to brunch spot. I'm looking forward to trying more of the menu.
Cozy cafe conveniently located in Old City, near Independence Hall, and museums. 

Ordered their seasonal dish - Autumn Breakfast Hash which consisted of Turkey Sausage, Butter Nut Squash and Sunny-side up egg.  Perfect autumn dish to warm and fuel up to before a full day of museum hopping in Philly. 

Service is warm, efficient and quick. 

Would visit again.
Delicious breakfast. I was craving huevo rancheros and found this place thanks to Yelpers. Yes, it's small and you get to walk through the kitchen ( I adore that , I think it shows you have nothing to hide) to-get to the few back tables. Our server Rich was delightful and very informative. I had the winning dish although my husband thoroughly enjoyed his, he did agree. I had the huevo rancheros and it was just a flavor bomb. I did share as it was a large dish. He had the frittata with potatoes and it was good as well. I have to take off one star because the food was not hot at all when brought to the table. They were very busy so I kind of get it. Get it out hot folks and you are definitely a winner. My husband wants to go back tomorrow. I always like to try a new place!
Our worst Philly experience ever.  Walk in the door to a table ready to be cleared and the manager walks up to me and my friends and says its going to be a 15 or 20 minute wait.  We say "okay, you guys are clearing this table for us, 20 minutes?"  She says, "yes", and you've got to wait outside (but its raining)....sorry, yes outside... After going outside "in the rain"  for a couple  of minutes she calls us back in to be seated at the table that was being cleared.  

Bottom line, she seemed as if we were trouble,  bothering her.  So we ended up leaving.   I left off the fact that we were African American.   Not sure if that was a reason but it sure felt like it.  Can't imagine the resteraunt can survive if she treats all guests this way.
Firstly, my waitress was borderline rude. Granted it is almost 100 degrees outside today, but being nice goes a long way. It seemed as though we were bothering her by being there. We opted to sit outside. It took forever for her to come and clean the table off. We never got any silverware. 

I took a little longer to order. Basically I got turkey bacon & sausage on toasted sourdough, with gouda cheese. My order took ages to come out. I'm convinced they forgot about it. Then, when I did get my sandwich, there was no cheese. I sent it back, and it took even longer to come back out. By this time, the bread was cold.

I would try one more time.
The first thing that stood out to me was how cute this cafe is. The fresh flowers are a nice intimate touch, they have their own signature mugs, and mason jars as water glasses. 

Our recent visit was for a Saturday Brunch. I ordered a create your own omlette which you can choose up to 3 ingredients. I chose cheese, mushrooms,  and avacado somehow my avacado never made it. It comes with a side of perfectly fried hash. I prefer has super crispy and brown. My fiancé had the cornbread eggs benedict and I'm so jealous I didn't order.  The corn bread was sweet and the eggs perfectly poached atop.  It came with a fruit salad which was a fresh and nicely plated. This establishment is also BYO which is a nice touch we brought champagne and they provided the glasses and a carafe of orange juice ($16). It was a nice sized carafe and we shared among 6 people. 

The service was really attentive and genuinely friendly.  We were ask often about refills and our plates were cleared immediately.  Great job Luna Cafe!
Cozy brunch spot in olde city! They have indoor and outdoor seating and the last time i was there they had live music over brunch which i thought it was a nice touch. They have an excellent menu with a lot of great selection of sweet and savory items. I tried the breakfast tacos and they were amazing and really filling. They are a BYOB establishment so bring your own mimosas to enjoy some excellent food and live music with your brunch. I did order a coffee and it came a mason jar! I am a firm believer that everything tastes so much better out of mason jars. Don't forget this place is a cash only!
This was my first time at Luna and went on the recommendation of a friend. Service was meh. Server never refilled water or coffee. Food was so so. I ordered the 2x2x2 and added the mini pancakes (for an extra $5). The entree itself was $10. Basically, 2 eggs, bacon, toast and taters. The eggs were great - creamy and well cooked. The bacon's texture was cardboard like. Almost like it was microwaved. The pancakes tasted like bisquick. Thin, heavy and lacking flavor. My friend really liked her breakfast burrito though. 

Anyway, a little too expensive for the quality, quantity and service. I wouldn't recommend.
Cash only (incase you didn't get the hint from the notices on the walls, menus, and checks).

Service was by far the worst that I have had in Philadelphia. We had three different servers for our table of 5 and all of them were extremely rude and made every request sound like a burden. 15 minute wait for a table, then another 15 to get water and drink requests. Ordered a loaded potato dish and turkey sandwich. Totally get that a restaurant that serves seasonal and farm direct runs out of stuff but at least please ask before substituting sour cream for Mexican cheese lol.

Definitely not coming back.
Luna Cafe is one of those popular breakfast/brunch places with a long waiting time on weekends. It's branded as a farm-to-table restaurant with some hipster vibes. REMINDER: cash only. I've been here twice with friends and sampled a couple of dishes here. I find the food is decent but slightly overrated on Yelp. 

Let me start with good things. I recommend their quinoa bowls, delicious, healthy, satisfying, probably the best dishes here. My friends said the egg dishes were nicely cooked yet the waffle was about average. I think Luna Cafe tries to offer a healthy breakfast/brunch menu with local ingredients, which I appreciate.

However, two things prevent them from being outstanding. First, service is spotty by old-city-restaurant standard (I usually don't complain about service, but businesses should compare themselves with competitors). Second, food is overpriced. Considering top brunch restaurants in Philly, their prices are appropriate to its portion (Green Egg Cafe, Sabrina's) or its quality/presentation (Cafe La Maude). Luna Cafe charged a simple breakfast sandwich (the early bird) with no extra add-ons or sides at $10, that's pretty pricey even in old city.

I don't see myself coming back unless my friends insist on it. With many acclaimed old city restaurants offering weekend brunch just within a few blocks, Luna Cafe may not be the best breakfast/brunch choice.
Philadelphia has a bagel problem. Or perhaps I have the bagel problem. No matter, they are two sides of the same coin. But the bottom line is that excepting Philly Style Bagels, Good Karma, Spread, and South Street Bagels, most random cafes and fooderies have terrible, frozen, effectively inedible lumps of stale bread they call a "bagel". 

Even with this backdrop, I had high hopes that Luna would have taken their bagelry seriously, given the charming-ish setup. But instead I received a half frozen, rock hard block of loaf with nary enough cream cheese to dent my formidable tastebuds. 

It's a weird thing us victims do, we start to blame ourselves - "my expectations are too high" "it's early in the morning, nobody can be expected to properly serve food at 7:30 AM on a weekday", and other lame excuses meant to misdirect accountability. This self-blaming manifesting as generosity explains 3 stars instead of 2 (of 1).
I was surprised to see this place packed on a rainy Monday morning. I got a bar seat all the way in the back of the restaurant. It definitely has a coffee shop feel to it. 

The service was fast and the staff were easy going and friendly.

I had the Fried Chicken and Waffles. The chicken looked very crispy so was concerned it might be dry however it was moist! What a relief! The white maple gravy wasn't too sweet which I liked. It was a hearty meal. 

One thing I was turned off by was that they only take cash!! They do have an ATM inside but why in 2018? It such an inconvenience especially if you're just grabbing breakfast. Thankfully I had cash. 

Overall, it's a cute place with good food. Go with cash on hand!
*CASH ONLY ESTABLISHMENT*  With that being said, this was a great little breakfast spot. Stopped by here on a Sunday morning, with two of my friends and we were seated immediately at a nice outdoor table, which afforded us the opportunity to have a front row seat as the streets of Philadelphia whirred by us--the good, the bad, and everything in between :-)

 

Gigantic cups of coffee, and relatively inexpensive platters of eggs, meat, toast, and potatoes.  The three of us each had a breakfast dish plus coffee and with a 20% tip we were out the door for $60.
Honestly, I wanted to give 3.5 stars of 5 if I could. It was a nice and cozy place to serve early morning breakfast. 
I ordered omelette and strawberry pancakes. 
Omelette was good but pancake was burn outside and inside was so soggy and mushy so my son had one bite and threw it out and he said it was egg. I tried and I tasted it was like uncooked batter.
Just go somewhere else - I had 25% off so I gave it a shot but honestly we'd have been way better off just going to Eulogy (which we ended up doing anyway for their grilled cheese since the food here was bland and poorly executed). Apparently, the owner of this building just switches out the name and redesigns the menu whenever there's not enough people coming in. According to our waiter at eulogy (who overheard us talking about how bad this was), the waiters and waitresses have to help in the kitchen since the restaurant is poorly understaffed and the cooks don't come in often.

Just don't go here, trust me - go to High Street or hell, even National Mechanics has better everything.
Food is good, coffee is delicious, but why is this place still cash only?! I likely won't be back because I'd rather save the $2.75 ATM fee I get charged here and buy a cup of coffee somewhere that realizes it's 2018 and people are paying for things with their phones.
It was good but nothing special. I had the breakfast tacos which were a bit too soggy and lacked flavor. My friend had the kale salad which was ok. Their lemonade was a bit too sugary and needed some more tart. I liked the ambiance and it wasnt too too expensive. 

The highlight for me was sitting outside and looking at the cute dogs at the shop next door. Worth a stop in if you are hungry but not the kind of place I go back to.
What a cute place for breakfast! Great food! Awesome coffee and service with a smile.  The breakfast sandwiches are tasty, but I had the pancakes and boom: heaven!   Get there a tad early as they fill up fast with tourist and dwellers alike!
The first attraction to this cute little spot was purely geographic. One day I woke up in the mood to brunch but not in the mood to go further than a couple blocks. Luna cafe allowed me to satisfy both moods that day and I've been back a few times since. 

This place is consistently good. The food is fresh and the service is efficient. It's tiny so there is usually a line on the weekends but it goes quickly in spite of the limited seating. If you're claustrophobic I would avoid the counter seating in the back. It's close quarters and not the most comfortable. 

I LOVE the breakfast quinoa bowl with an over easy egg on top. Big bowl and very filling. The cilantro aioli rounds out the flavors but I've had it without and it was still good. Also, great are the build your own breakfast sandwich and the huevos rancheros. 

This is a solid option for your breakfast/brunch needs.
I would give their food four stars because we enjoyed it and it's a cute place with outdoor seating. The issue is that they are next to a dog adoption center that puts dogs in the front window so they are constantly barking and being loud while you're sitting next door. The servers were less than friendly and forgot to bring us some of what we ordered plus basic necessities like cream for the coffee. Also cash only so make sure you hit up an ATM.
Mixed feelings but an overall nice place. I visited Luna Cafe two times on a three and a half day visit to Philadelphia. The first day I had the English muffin with local turkey sausage, smoked cheese and eggs. It was absolutely delicious and the coffee was decent as well.
On the second day, I tried the mini pancakes since they looked incredible and they were more than enough for a full meal though I did add an egg. 
Service was mostly friendly both times I visited. I did see a bit of an attitude when I asked to have a bill split and the same attitude appeared on another staff member when another group asked about paying via credit card. 
The food was incredible and it came out quickly and the restaurant itself is cute and small so I do recommend it. but the staff itself could be slightly more considerate when dealing with customers from out of town/country.
This is to finish my check in review. Farm to table cafe. Cash only and 5% off your check when you leave a review ;) Great hospitality and cute cafe with framed paintings for sale. Mostly 2 seated tables but they can group the tables together for you if more than a part of 2. 

We ordered the strawberry banana smoothie, the strawberries and cream waffles, breakfast tacos with a side of BACONNN. Yummy yummy food and done right.
A delicious and hearty breakfast with farm fresh ingredients. You can certainly taste the difference!! I have also been inspired to make my own version of the thanksgiving croissant!!! Definitely check this place out!
Went there for breakfast on a friday AM.  Place was recommended by a friend and is within walking distance to my workplace.
Tried the chicken and waffles; & pancakes.  I also had a strawberry and banana smoothie.  Took a long time for them to take the order and for the food to come out...


Food was ok, not the best i ever had however not bad for a casual day out.  Service was not great IMO and place was a bit cold (small narrow place and door is almost always opened so recommend a coat if you are going in the winter)

Place is cash only too but they have an atm in the back.
Had brunch with the family and the food was amazing! We were a party of 6 and were easily accommodated 4 at one table and two at the next which was great for the coziness of this restaurant during a Pandemic comeback. The pancakes were delicious and the oat milk hazelnut latte was sooo good.
Luna cafe is cute but it's a little hit or miss. I've had some decent meals and some oddly distributed proportioned meals. 

Staff is nice and attentive and the decor is cute. Nothing to shout about but a nice place to check out.
Cozy little cafe off Market St. The inside was small and welcoming but wanted to enjoy that Philadelphia air and sun. We sat off next to the curbside by the street. 

Ambiance- the staff is friendly and attentive. They had a mild rush but everything came out fast. 

I had split the tuscan chicken wrap with my mom. The wrap was nice and toasty. Who new that such a simple wrap could be well put together? The tomato aioli was the greatest touch. It came with a salad made with a light vinaigrette. 

Inexpensive meal that we had split. A wrap and coffee. We were very satisfied with this little stop.
Luna cafe is small cozy spot on market street in philly. Nice breakfast spot with great yummy choices to choose from. 

The place is small and the staff are very friendly and the food is delicious. The "Luna potatoes" with a sunny side up egg are a great way to start off the day. The hot coffee is a bonus. 

Luna's cafe is a great choice to fuel up for a long day of exploring philly.
This brand new spot on Market street is just what the neighborhood needs. 

From quick bites to inspired entrees, you can get it all at Luna Cafe. The decor is really nice too- a lot of hard work and love went into this place. 

Everyone here is really nice, the service is prompt and the coffee (Philly Fair Trade) is AMAZING!!!
Really good service. Got the early bird and the turkey was spectacular. Recommend with the fontina cheese ... my boyfriend had the desayuno wrap... he thought it was excellent but a little wet (from sauce??). My best friend got the quinoa bowl which looked super healthy and good. My friend nick had a parfait @krameseats which he thoroughly enjoyed. Will be back! Quick and easy.
I came here with some friends for Sunday brunch, and it was ok. 

They allow you to make a reservation on OpenTable, which is super convenient. I called the day before to move up my reservation by an hour, and they were very accommodating. One of my friends arrived early, and they seated him at a table way in the back. It was a little odd, because it was the only table down a long hallway past the kitchen. I guess it was nice to have our own area, but I would have preferred to be in the main dining area.

The menu was heavily focused on breakfast food. In hindsight, I think they actually might have given us the breakfast menus because the brunch menu online has a lot of sandwiches listed that were definitely not on our menus. I usually prefer lunch food at brunch, but I do like eggs benedict, so I went with that. Their "Norwegian Eggs Jefferson" is eggs benedict with salmon, and it was pretty good. What I did not like about the dish was the "biscuits" it was served on. The biscuits tasted like really crumbly dry cornbread...gross! Also, the eggs were overcooked so that the yolks were solid. I like runny yolks with my benedict, so I was disappointed. The salmon was very good but I was surprised that it came fully cooked. I expected lox because the salmon was described as house-cured on the menu, but it still tasted very good so no complaints there. It was served with a side of fresh fruit salad that included apples, grapefruit, and oranges. I was a big fan of the fruit salad, but unfortunately the hollandaise sauce from my benedict overflowed onto the fruit salad, so it all got mixed together. It still tasted ok, though. My friends were also happy with their meals but not overly impressed. It's a BYOB, so I brought a bottle of champagne to celebrate my move to NY. We drank it straight because it was decent quality, and I didn't want to dilute it with OJ, but you can order glasses or pitchers of orange juice if you want to make mimosas.

The service was a little slow, but I think that might have been because we were in that back area. It took around 30 minutes to get our food, and I was pretty darn hungry. Our servers (we had 2) were very pleasant, though.
As visitors in town for a few days, I went here with a couple of my friends for brunch. I ordered chocolate chip pancakes with bacon, one friend got The Lumberjack, and the other friend got a buffalo chicken wrap with sweet potato fries. (Only have pics of The Lumberjack because the rest of us were kinda underwhelmed and didn't think to take a pic.) Fries and pancakes for both orders were over cooked/burnt. Sausage for The Lumberjack was a little underdone. The food was just okay. CASH ONLY, which was kind of a drag, but there's an ATM inside (with a $2.75 surcharge for withdrawals, on top of whatever your bank charges for non-branch ATM transactions).
I have been to Luna Cafe many times for their quinoa bowls, however, today I found a NAIL inside my southwest quinoa bowl. It was IN my mouth! I walked back to show them the nail (I ordered it to go) All they said was "sorry" and didn't offer to give me my money back until I asked for it. I will not be going back to Luna Cafe ever again. Be aware!
I'd been craving good pancakes for ages, so I set on a long city hike on Sunday morning from Fishtown to Old City to find the perfect place- a place that wasn't too busy, wasn't too expensive, and, of course, had pancakes. Just as I was about to give up and get a breakfast sandy from Wawa, I noticed the little sidewalk sign for Luna Café. Though small and busy, I noticed a table leaving, so I decided to take the plunge.

I was riding solo and dining-in (apparently take-out is a thing here). They asked if I wanted to sit at the bar in the back. I was shocked, given the size of the small front dining area, that Luna Café had a bar, but hey? Why not? Well, to my surprise the bar what not remotely what I expected. It was small bar, more of a shelf really, lining a narrow passageway to an emergency exit/ cleaning closet. It was completely secluded and separate from the rest of the café, and I was the only one back there. I was a little confused, because when I walked in, there was a small table for two at the front. When I took my bar seat at the back, I almost felt like I was put there because I was ugly or something, hidden from the rest of the public. I'm used to dining alone, but I still enjoy the company of others. It was bizarre to be on the outside looking in, and I think the service staff nearly forgot me a handful of times.

Speaking of the service, it wasn't bad but it wasn't overly great either. I guess I was just a little salty about being sat, secluded by myself.

I ordered the pancakes ($10) with chocolate chips ($2 up charge), and a side of bacon ($3). The bacon was very greasy, and I would have liked it a bit crispier. Everyone has different bacon opinions though. The pancakes were chock-full of chips (see what I did there). They weren't super fluffy, but I could tell they were hot and homemade. They definitely satiated my cravings, though I think the $12 price tag is a little on the high end.

Luna Café has a cute little set-up for a quick morning bite, and it's located in the heart of Old City, walking distance from great sights and shops. It's about 100 steps from the 2nd and Market stop on the Market-Frankford Line, so public transport is your best bet in getting here. 

I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to come here again. It was a pretty good meal, but the whole experience was rather forgettable.
Great new spot. My wife and I shared the latkes for an appetizer which were pretty fantastic. For dinner, she ordered the black bean quinoa burger which she said was really good and I had the Luna burger which was delicious.

Service and staff were top notch

Definitely worth a try, you won't be disappointed
It was okay. I had breakfast this morning and had a build your own omelette with avocado, mushrooms and tomatoes. I paired it with fruit, but I didn't eat the bread. It was a nice morning, so I sat outside. It's great that they have outside seating, but parking can be a challenge. I had a peppermint tea, but my server didn't refill my hot water. Service was just okay I guess.
The food here is great, I ordered the breakfast bowl and it was really good. The service was good, the only reason they lost a star from me it's because the place is really small and if there's not tables available when you get there you're forced to wait outside.
I'm almost in tears.

I came here from out of town. The food was wonderful, the service was flawless, and the staff showed me so much hospitality and generosity. It's a rare treat to be treated so kindly.
I was going to write this review later, but considering the amount of time it is taking for my food to come out, I'll start now. 

I ordered a side of pancakes with fruit & the breakfast burrito. I ordered the burrito with tofu scramble and WITHOUT cheddar cheese. The food came out timely, but the burrito had cheese, looked as though mozzarella. With that being said, I believe the waitress just brought it to the wrong table. She also never came back to check on me. I had to get up myself & bring her the incorrect burrito. She also did not bring syrup with my pancakes. When I told the waitress about the burrito, I also mentioned the syrup. About 5mins go by, the waitress comes to the table next to me, but doesn't have my syrup?! So now, I'm waiting for my burrito and staring at pancakes with no syrup... (Hence having the time to snap a pic)

After some time, I got the waiters attention & he gave me syrup. He was also the one that brought out the burrito. After about another 10min wait. 

The food wasn't bad, but not out of this world. I didn't snap a pic of the breakfast burrito because at that point, I just wanted to eat. Not once throughout my dining experience did I receive an apology & I was nothing but pleasant. 

Overall I wasn't happy with my experience here. Only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because the food wasn't bad, but for all this, I should have been raving about the food. That's definitely not the case.
Delicious!! 

Highly recommend their breakfast it's amazing! 

The cafe is also really interesting to look around as there is a lot of cool artwork
I want to go back to Philadelphia just to eat here again. It was like eating breakfast at a French restaurant. French toast with fresh peaches and cream.. it's as luxurious as food can get. I had avocado toast with salmon. Unbelievably yummy stuff.

Cash only--important to know ahead of time!
Was so excited to try this place after stalking the menu/adorable interior. Met up with a friend for brunch and she ordered the chicken and waffles while I got the quinoa breakfast bowl. Food was delicious all around, but a smidge pricey for the portions in my opinion. Loved the decor, though!
I visited Philly for work this week and loved the city. My best friend came along for an adventure and we had to stop at this cute cafe since we love the moon and healthy bites! 

We both ordered the breakfast bowl and added pesto (which I 100% recommend!) It was a gorgeous day, so we sat outside. Their menu looked awesome and if I lived in the city, I would definitely frequent this spot for a healthy and fulfilling meal. 

I docked a star because it's cash only and we didn't realize it until the bill came. Since neither of us had cash, we had to run to a nearby bank, but I was charged $5.50 to use it since I don't have an account there. I encourage Luna Cafe to start accepting card payment, as it is a lot more convenient for guests!
Found this place while visiting Philly. The waiter was super awesome. The chai tea latte was delicious! The food was great! Would recommend.
Two days back to back and they still didn't disappoint! They were very busy and the wait for a table for one was about 15min, which isn't bad at all. This time I payed around and had my server make the choice for me, she was a little nervous but I was confident she couldn't mess it up. The hospitality was wonderful and everyone greeted me as they walked past. No one standing still and attending everyone consistently. 

The waitresses choices were spot on, she did cheat a little by giving a sampling of biscuits and gravy (So Happy she did this!). The Breakfast Taco's are exceptionally well done, the chef that runs the kitchen knows exactly what their doing. Pico de Gallo was refreshing and not overly spicy, eggs scrambled to perfection, and the sauce poured over the taco's made them perfection! 

Now for the biscuit and gravy sampling, never have I ever had a biscuit like this before! Flaky and perfectly rounded out with a light buttery flavor, the layering makes me think it was made with Filo dough. The sausage gravy richly flavored and had no grit from the sausage. Perfectly seasoned and not overly peppered or salted, most make their gravy greasy and under seasoned, this will not disappoint! 

Do Not Miss this spot to have breakfast or brunch! This will make your trip or day and will be back for more.
Stayed at the Wyndham in Old City and this was a lovely breakfast option within walking distance. They have a diverse menu with a mix of healthy options and standard breakfast fare. I got the "early bird" and it was delicious. Lunch menu also looked good with a range of healthy sandwich options. 

Opted to sit outside and it was perfect for people watching.
We stopped at Luna on Sunday morning around 10am. It is a small cafe and was almost full at this time, but we were lucky to be seated as party of 2 almost immediately. 

Our server arrived shortly and she was pleasant. We ordered coffee and orange juice for drinks. I ordered an omelette with tomatoes, red peppers and feta and my husband got one with avocado, turkey and feta. Both omelette got potatoes and multigrain toast on the side. We also got 3 mini pancakes. I especially asked my omelette to be well cooked but in the end, I was able to see the egg white and yellow sides pretty shiny and couldn't eat 1/3of it... Also I had a piece of avocado inside my omelet and my husband had none, but he had onions? Some mix and match going on in there... I am not a fan of pancakes, so I would say they were OK. They fill the coffee cups with a pot continuously which is a plus, but for me coffee was on the darker and strong brewed so I didn't drink much of even my first cup, but my husband enjoyed it.

While we were leaving around 11am, it got very very crowded and the door almost opened every minute. I agree with a reviewer who mentioned the door staying open and getting cold. Absolutely true!!! We were close to the door and my feet got frozen literally. If you are a cold feet, don't go there or just find a place at the back.

It is cash only place, so either go prepared or there is an ATM at the back of the cafe. I found ~50$+ gratuity on the expensive side for a brunch (saying this as a NewYorker!) which is quite rushed. we had a 14.5$ for one of the omelettes and 13$for the other which both had no extra's (3ingredients only and priced as 13$ in the menu) we didn't make a fuss for 1.5$ but didn't understand why. 

Overall I give Luna 4 (a rolled over 3.5) It is a nice small cafe where the vibe is local and nice, the food is tasty but apparently they have very high traffic in the place and this affects the service quality and experience not very positively.
Great food in fishtown! The staff was very kind and moved with a quickness! They have so many healthy options and at a decent price for out of town travelers. I wouldn't recommend it for a large group but Perfect date place  oh and nice outside seating area.
I traveled through Philly on my way to a concert and the next day my friend and I came to Luna Cafe after seeing it the day before. The scenery and atmosphere was very kind and welcoming. Our waiter was very nice. The food was delicious and hit the spot. I had the 2 eggs your way scrambled with turkey sausage with fruit and multigrain toast with a hot apple cider while my friend had the Nutella French toast with a side of potatoes with an iced coffee with caramel. From the photo you can tell how much we enjoyed our meals. The only downside is you can't make reservations but we called ahead and they gave us a timeframe for the wait and it's a not very spacious. I would recommend anyone who wants a welcoming breakfast with many great options for a fair price.
The only negative is that the wait staff is apparently not required to wear their uniform or cover their hair. This results in walking by people you don't recognize as staff and praying that your food comes without hair. The staff wore anything from workout clothes to whatever they threw on that sunday morning. It was not appetizing.

The food however was fucking amazing (and hairless)!I had the breakfast burrito and felt satisfied and healthy after.  It contains quinoa, black beans and pico. My sis had apple compote french toast. Some of the best food we've ever had. We will be returning next time we are in town. 

One of the best parts was an acoustic mediterranean band of two playing in the corner. Relaxing and lovely. I took their card and look forward to their first lp. Their website does them no justice : http://www.thecarryons.com/music/
The only reason I wouldn't give them 5 starts is that my girlfriend usually orders an omelette with avocado and 2 out of 3 times they've forgotten the avocado. Other than that, the food is DELICIOUS. Highly recommend literally any of their specials or breakfast items.
Best new restaurant in Old City. Latkes and burgers were excellent. Friendly, warm, modern ambience.
Cute spot with lots of delicious options. Enjoyed a latte and an order of Avocado Toast with tomato and smoked salmon!  Delicious! 

 It can get crowded because it is small and close to many historic attractions in Old City.  Surprisingly narrow, you need to look for it or be intentional about eating there.  If it weren't for the tables of customers outside, I would have missed it.  Glad I did not miss  and plan to go back at some point in the near future.  

Friendly service.
Walked over here from our hotel and VERY happy that we did.  The four of us ordered different menu items and all were spectacular.  My breakfast sandwich was literally the best I've ever had.  The eggs were done to perfection and I can't get over how yummy the sausage was!  

Great server, very friendly and attentive.  Thank you Sarah.  

We loved it and would recommend to anyone!!

The easiest 5 star review in quite a while.
Ate breakfast here both days of our visit. The menu is creative and the food is perfection. The staff is attentive and make dining here a true pleasure. It is small and intimate inside and I can't wait to visit Philly again so I can have breakfast at Luna Cafe!!!
Very disappointing. Staff does not seem to want give even mediocre service, despite having a restaurant that is not busy. 

Food was a little pricy, but considering that you will wait an hour for your food, at least you'll get a lot for your money. 

Biscuits and gravy were very watery. Skip this place.
I'm not sure why they recently decided to switch to CASH ONLY, but there are dozens of better options in this neighborhood that won't force you to run to an ATM. As for the food, the biscuits and gravy were incredibly heavy. I'm a big guy and I couldn't even finish 1/3 of my plate. The biscuits were about as dense and tasteless as I've ever had. Very disappointing. The service was okay, but they never seem to pay as much attention to the outdoor tables, which make up half of their seating. Prices are average for the area. Brunch for two came out to around $30. All in all, not worth a repeat trip.
So. Many things were terrible. 

1. We walked in and the hostess asked if we wanted to sit inside or outside. We agreed we would prefer inside. We saw an available table, so why not? The host replied that will be a wait. We were starving, so we agreed to eat outside. 

2. The table was dirty. I'm not a snob or a neat freak, but cmon, there was cream left on the table from a previous party. 

3. There were bees everywhere. Seriously. It was so bad that I had to tell the hostess that we needed to sit inside. She basically told me all the seats were taken and rolled her eyes at me. I saw other tables trying to move and swatting bees away too. 

4. So, we order and I ask for the sweet potato bowl. During this time, me and my sister had to leave because we were a little freaked out by the bees. My fiancé called to let us know the food was there. Except my food was not. 

5. I'm waiting for my food, and realize by this point the rest of the party was finishing their dishes. The. They brought my dish. It was two pieces of cauliflower and two pieces of broccoli and some shredded carrots on a bed of quinoa. 

6. I was starving by this point, but I didn't want to eat what was served to me. My sister had to give me half of half of her sandwich so I didn't stab anyone. The waitress did not check in once and was no where to be found. 

So, if you're a trendy and hungry tourist, just go somewhere else.
I tried this place again but I got a burned meal. Who does that. I mean crispy. I saw the cashier wrap it so I know she saw it as did whomever cooked it.
The staff is gracious and the spot is beautiful. Best coffee in a competitive block of cafes. A great place to grab lunch after a day of sight seeing with the fam.
Went to this cafe, because of reviews. Sadly disappointed.  We ordered over easy eggs, and both orders came back over hard.  Asked for another egg, received one in less than two minutes, that had zero runny yolk, but not cooked hard.  Also, paid $3.00 for unsweetened tea, not once were we offered a refill.  Ordered an additional side order of scrambled eggs, took ten minutes to get them.  Highly overpriced for the quality of food.  Service was okay, definitely not exceptional.
Food was ok but extremely over priced. Besides Luna charging you for its lack of creativity and tasteless food, the service was horrible. No one checks on you and water needs to be asked for. Maybe I'll bring my camel pack next time I decide to sit outside.
I was a little disappointed. The food was bland and had no flavor. They said their biscuits were homemade but, they served me a cold biscuit. The staff was very friendly and kind.
Had the French toast with apples and whipped cream, Along with service with a smile. It was fantastic!
We were really excited to come to Luna Cafe! But sadly it wasn't that great! Service wasn't good at all had to go inside for refills on coffee and silverware. Are food came out wrong and no one ever came out to see if there was any issues. When we went to pay we asked for separate checks but was told they didn't do that and since its cash only we can just split it ourselves. Over all not a great experience! But the mugs are cute!
Super cute cafe with an awesome staff. The food was great as well, had the apple cinnamon French toast and it definitely hit the spot in between museum hopping!
This was such a good find.

The latte was excellent - best I've had so far on the east coast.  Our French toast was flavorful and fresh.  Fresh whip, hearty bread.  Kids loved their pancakes.  The bacon was fantastic.

Service was friendly.

Be aware that the place is a bit small, so plan for that and bring cash.
Cute spot. I loved the pass through window from front counter to the kitchen. Food was incredibly fresh and tasty. Sourdough bread was toasty and side of sriacha in a cup was a nice spicy touch to veggie omelette. Local coffee was excellent as espresso grind, too. Only wish I had some room for small batch fresh kombutcha. Hot apple cider tasted like liquified apple pie.
Came here after a night in Philly for my birthday and this was the best choice we could have made. I had the Chicken and Waffles with sausage gravy and a side of potatoes. Another review rated as one star.. well that couldn't be further from the truth. If you check my picture I had the majority of it before I remembered to place it in memory. Definitely storing this one for any time I am in the area.
Important note - Luna is cash only, but there's a TD Bank down the block, and an ATM on site. 

Came here for breakfast after seeing the great Yelp reviews and immediately after walking in, we knew we made the perfect choice. The staff is so warm and so sweet, and the place is absolutely adorable (it is tiny, but also has outdoor seating, which is an added plus). 

The menu is awesome and super varied, with really great prices. Immediately as we were seated, our server brought us coffee in the cutest mugs ever. The coffee was fresh and delicious - strong, which was what we needed considering we were at a wedding the night before. 

We started with the loaded potatoes (breakfast potatoes, melted cheese, pico de gallo, and sour cream) to share, my husband ordered the chicken and waffles, and I had the avocado toast (and added goat cheese). 

The potatoes were delicious, and my husband raved about his chicken and waffles (they looked incredible!). My avocado toast was good, my only complaint would be that there were about 4 small dots of goat cheese on them. However, the toast was so inexpensive (and delicious!), that it really didn't bother me. 

All in all, we had a delicious breakfast with great coffee and amazing service.
such a cute neighborhood cafe. I recently moved to the area and checked it out about a few weeks ago. Since then, I've already been back twice. I love creating my omelette and the mini pancakes and the iced latte was delish. The restaurant itself is smaller, so it can be a tight squeeze. I've been on the weekday and weekend, and of course the weekend gets busy so expect that your wait time is a bit longer. Overall, worth it.
So being a creature of habit I turned up an hour early for an interview I had. However thanks to this place it was a pleasant wait. 
I got your standard two eggs breakfast. This is what I normally get at new places because like how can you fuck up eggs and potatoes right?
Have we ever gone into it with a more positive outlook? How could two eggs be improved upon?
Well the homemade ketchup was the first thing that stuck out. I'm a sauce guy. The potatoes where perfectly cooked. I like mine crispy! I got sausage and multigrain toast. The eggs were also cooked to perfection. Runny but a fully cooked exterior with no visible wetness. 
At first I expected the yolk to be cooked through! I was pleasantly surprised when it popped. 
Anyway, kinda disappointed that I don't want the job. I could see myself stopping in here before work every morning. 
Oh yeah... it's cash only! But there's an ATM in the back.
Very yummy food but dreadful service. Server was clueless yet unapologetic. Interior was dreadfully hot.
Sorry to say that I thought this place was only OK. I was hoping to find a new brunch place for myself in the area. It is not going to be Luna Cafe...

It's a small and cozy place and rather clean. They can seat only a small number of ppl. But they do have additional seating outdoors, which is a great option for the warm season. 

The staff was ok, not warm and fuzzy, just did they're job. I guess we all like a nice smile and warm welcome, but as long as the food is good we can do with just ok service.

The food was rather disappointing though :( I ordered a bowl that the server claimed is their popular item. It was a plate of big lettuce with some other food elements spread on top. It's just not the kind of good taste of presentation I'd like to eat when I'm eating out. That's more like what I do when I'm at home and got nothing in my fridge nor the creativity to make it into something. Sorry, it wasn't good :( shame...
Great byob breakfast/lunch spot in old city.  The waitstaff was very friendly and attentive.  The food was incredible.  I had a Belgian waffle with vanilla ice cream.  The ice cream is from The Franklin Fountain, a local parlor with the BEST ice cream around.  My friend had the desayuno wrap, who was also extremely pleased.  I would recommend Luna Cafe for anyone living or visiting the area.
amazing place to come and sit outside with incredible food. great vibe & great service. we each got a breakfast bowl (with pesto) and it was perfffect!! if you're a vegan, this place has what you need. although i did not get the vegan option, there is something for everyone. i don't want to leave!
Cute little quaint place, very hipster. Homey interior and friendly service! We were seated immediately even on a Saturday during brunch time, we must have gotten lucky. 

Although, it is a bit overpriced? The portions are very small, but this place I would consider to be a quality over quantity kind of place. I ordered the build your own quinoa bowl, which had the freshest ingredients and beautiful presentation. Flavor was a bit bland, I had to add pepper and salt which I rarely do to any of my meals unless it's necessary. 

My friends ordered the mac and cheese, HIGHLY recommend. Great light flavor, a hint of sweet and the cheesiness was divine. Personally, I was feeling the healthy alternative which is what I ordered, slightly disappointed but learned for next time that Mac and Cheese is the way to go. 

Also tip: they give you a percentage off if you write a yelp review :)
Service: 10
Food: 10
Atmosphere: 9

Very good brunch spot. I got breakfast. My girlfriend got lunch. The whole menu looked good so we want to go back. It is on a really cute street in old town, and it's right next to a dog store that had dogs in the windows, which was a mixture of cute and depressing but mostly cute. We sat outside but there were a lot of bees so we asked to move inside almost immediately. They were really nice about it and took us in right away, but it was crowded so we went alllll the way to the back in a narrow alley past the kitchen, but it was ok, but that is why the atmosphere was dinged a point. We were also next to a door that staff kept going into next to us so didn't love that. But now the service. I have no complaints; our girl was nice and didn't forget about us even though we were in the back. That's all. Would recommend to a friend. Here's a picture of my smoking hot girlfriend eating.
Had a wonderful breakfast here. Pancakes were light, french toast with Nutella yummy and the omelets were outstanding. The staff was efficient  and helpful. Highly recommend this cafe.
Worse service. Be ready to pay cash and eat what ever they want to bring you. I asked for over medium eggs and they were hard, they offer to do them again and were hard as well. Ordered orange juice and was never brought to the table,yet it was placed on my bill. Not a good experience
Luna Cafe is a cozy little brunch spot in Old City.  You can wait on some couches in the back if you are in line for a table and grab coffee by the register.  I tried the Huevos Rancheros.  They were delicious, and made for a very filling meal. The eggs were runny, the beans and tortillas were perfect.  Couldn't ask for much more!  Paired with some live ukulele and a friendly wait staff, we all had a great experience.
This place is like a doll's house.
Everything looks like a dream. So sweet. 
Is not the most cheap place to go to order a meal, but is a excellent place to go and drink a green juice or a coffee.
The waitress wasn't so nice, a little bit mad maybe, but, I loved the place and how I felt there.
Good coffee; however the breakfast was of low quality. Also the wait time was to long and the waiter forgot to bring my wife the sausage.
The Luna Loaded Potatoes and the grilled cheese were spectacular. My daughter kept saying "there is so much cheese" while she attempted to eat her grilled cheese. We were pleasantly surprised to learn they had gluten free bread. Definitely a winner!
Happened upon this while doing the tourist thing and looking for a cute, local cafe. This fit the bill. Classic cafe cozy with outdoor seating. I ordered the BLT with arugula on sourdough and side salad. BLT was a good portion and the bacon was thick, tomatoes fresh, and bread crisped just right. All were in a good proportion so no one element stood out.

Side salad was larger than I expected, with all fresh produce with mixed greens, and just a light vinaigrette. All delicious, and worth the price. I would definitely come back here or recommend it. Exactly the type of place I like to find when visiting a city.
Problems with the coffee maker is an issue for breakfast patrons. Not good. Pancakes with "Lunaberries" was good. Homemade sausage patties was surprisingly good.  Cornbread was very dry and service slow.  Eggs Jefferson with eggs, bacon, cornbread and a hollandaise was good.
An absolutely lovely experience in every way. At noon on a Sunday, only waited 10 minutes for a table on a comfy couch. 

Cozy atmosphere with a performer playing ukulele. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros and my boyfriend had coffee in the most charming mug (i'll wait until next time for this, but they sell them for $25) and The Lumberjack, which was layered egg, sausage, pancake, and maple aioli. My Huevos (3 separate ones!) were some of the best I've ever had, with a perfectly cooked sunny side up egg and cilantro aioli. 

Lots of vegetarian and vegan options. Attentive and kind servers. Only downside is cash only. I will certainly be back again... And again...
I was staying at the Wyndham around the corner. I wanted to get a nice breakfast. I fell upon this place and after reading some reviews thought this would be the place. First impression, it had this cool hipster feel of an upscale coffee house. Seemed promising enough. I was offered to sit down, I ordered some coffee at first, that the waitress brought with no milk. No big deal, I asked when I ordered my meal. I got the 2 plus 2 plus 2. Eggs, a sausage patty, potatoes and wheat toast. I ordered my eggs over easy as I always do. The potatoes were nice and crispy, a bit over salted but that's just my taste. The sausage patty was good, not gonna lie. The eggs though. They were not over easy or over medium they were over hard. So that wonderful runny yolk you expect was not there. Total letdown. The waitress seemed disinterested in her interactions with all the customers. She didn't ask if I wanted more coffee as it got cold. I guess to make people feel comfortable they dress in street clothes, which is cool I guess, but it just comes off as rolled outta bed and came to work. This place I'm sure does well, location location location. There are some things it does well, but not being able to cook an over easy egg is blasphemy.
Food was ok. Coffee was good. It's cash only!! The service wasn't exemplary. It was pretty empty and we didn't get a refill on any drinks. I was trying to get her attention to ask about some salsa and ask for more coffee, but I just gave up. If service was better I would consider going back. Overall it was ok.
