M Kee is exactly like in China! We go on special occasions, such as holidays when other places are closed.  They're open both Christmas and Thanksgiving. 

The Peking Duck is a steal.  It's only $15.95 per person and should cost $55.95 per person.  We also got dumpling soup, and it was just delicious.  

If you're coming in from NJ, they're located right off the Ben Franklin Bridge.
With friends from Changchun in tow, we came to Chinatown to do some shopping at Asia Market in preparation for some good home cooking, Dong Bei Chinese style.  But, realizing it wasn't wise to go food shopping on an empty stomach, we stopped in at M Kee for a late lunch.  This was a first visit for me, and I found the house to be cleaner and friendlier than most.  The menu was packed with rice and noodle dishes, wet and dry, and at prices that were very compatible with the desire to eat light.  

My friends speak little English, but felt right at home chatting up the servers about the menu and how dishes were prepared.  Once satisfied, they went with Chicken Curry over Rice, Roast Pork and Wonton Noodle Soup (See Photos). 

The Chicken arrived in a bright yellow almost creamy curry sauce, and a pleasantly mild flavor that only required a little tweaking with Sriracha to bring up the heat.  Tasty.  The Wonton Noodles Soup was more than I could finish, with a nest of thin noodles beneath the surface of the chicken consume.  The 4 or 5 Wontons were stuffed with ground Pork and Leek (maybe), and had goldfish tails for swimming in the hot broth.  Very nice.  Finally, the Roast Pork was excellent covered in a gleaming tawny finish.  There was a lot of it for under 7 bucks, and it was the star of the show.  

It was easy to see why M Kee is so popular.  The quantity/quality/cost proposition is great here.  The three of us walked out with tip for under $20, totally sated and agreeing this was great down home victuals.  With prices this low, it almost doesn't pay to eat in my own kitchen.
Roast pork! Roast duck!!! Noodle soups. Good greens. Very small place . No atmosphere, no service. But the food is very good. Get the Peking duck. They serve them in steamed buns rather then pancakes. Rice platters are good and very inexpensive. It's a first rate quality dump. I mean this in the best possible way. Better to get a whole duck and heat it up at home. It's the only way to get it as crispy as I like.
Lunchtime in Chinatown. We open a door and find a clean, homey and friendly restaurant. Great vibes to feel even before my bestie and I ordered. Also, The place was full of neighborhood residents which is always a good thing because we were thinking this place would be authentically Chinese. And it was.
We were given the traditional pot of tea and attended to immediately on a very,very busy Saturday. We decided to order the dumpling noodle soup bowl, the tripe noodle soup bowl, two spring rolls and an order of fried rice to share.   The first thing I noticed was the fried rice was done so well with just a smattering of soy sauce so that the other ingredients in the rice we're not overwhelmed by that strong taste the way they do at other restaurants. I could easily identify the taste of been sprouts, roast pork, egg in the fried rice. It was probably the best fried rice I ever had and my friend agreed. 
Both bowls of soup were full of items besides the thin noodles. The broth and each bowl of soup was very good. I noticed the price was a dollar or two below what other bowls of noodle soup go for throughout the city. And, the portions were large. We left with bags of leftovers.
I was able to get my suburban friend out of her comfort zone and try something other than a traditional suburgatory Chinese restaurant. All she kept saying was how great the food was and I agree. It was tasty and authentic. She has made me promise to take her back there.
The service there was impeccable. We had at least three different people waiting on us because it was very busy and that seemed to be the most efficient way to do it. It worked well here. 
There were ducks hanging in the window so we couldn't resist. We both left with half ducks for $10. My dining companion reported that the person to whom she gave it ,raved about it. 
I had some of mine with dinner and I thoroughly enjoyed it too. 

The seating is tight but by no means are you elbow to elbow. When I pondered that,  to me it made service better. So if you can wrap your mind around that you won't go wrong if you are looking for really good Chinese food in Chinatown..
Your basic, run of the mill Chinatown restaurant. The decor was simple but the food was respectable, it also helps that everything was really inexpensive.

The food:

Roast Pork and Roast Pig with egg over rice- The roast pig had that nice crunchy skin and the meat had good flavor and was tender. The roast pork or char shiu was surprisingly good, I am usually not a fan since it tends to be too sweet but the one here was good, it had a nice balance of sweet and savory, it is worth getting. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=HyFalJvV0d_38PVQ_hwVPQ&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA

Chiang Fun with Shrimp- I thought the version here was OK. The skin was a tad too thick but the flavor was OK, the noodle did feel oily, though. Also, the more you chew, I noticed on odd/pasty texture to the noodle but at least the shrimp was OK. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=pNtndtUexGxmLmbnH4boCA&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA
Visiting Philly Chinatown can be like manna from heaven after suffering from bad local Chinese food closer to me in jersey.

I noticed a lot of 917 phone numbers on storefronts here. Probably a lot of Philly ctown businesses have nyc connections which is not a bad thing.

M kee impressed me from almost all angles. The waiter was thoughtful and informative (very rare at an authentic Chinese place), the food was good and the prices were awesome.

Wonton noodle soup had good broth flavor and noodles were elastic and chewy as I like. The actual wontons were somewhat underwhelming but not terrible. A bit mushy and dull compared to say HK wonton garden in Manhattan. 

I ordered a special recommended by the waiter - stir fried flounder with okra and minced pork in the restaurant's special xo sauce. It was the bomb. The flounder was cut into little chunks and each was stir fried golden brown. This is no easy task. I've stir fried flounder with mixed veggies before and it ends up looking like a mish mosh fish stew. 
The xo sauce was delicious. Hint of black bean and sweet but not overwhelmingly so. It was like a ctown version of teriyaki. The waiter asked me how it was and smiled when I said it was good. I felt a little awkward given that the place was a hole in the wall and the dish was only like 10 bucks but good service is never a negative. I just had to make sure he wasn't messing with me. Ctown waiters are almost never this friendly!

I also ordered a dish of barbecue pork - cha sau ro. Delicious. So fresh and tasty and only $8 for a hearty serving. I had ordered this at Chuan Yue in Edison NJ where it was stale and too salty. What a huge difference it was at M kee. My awesome waiter informed me that you can specify how fatty you want the cuts of meat. I chose half lean and half fatty. Delicious!
I only went here bc Ting Wong (my favorite duck, chicken and roast pig spot) was closed on Tuesday. So when to M Kee to order takeout and wish I could take back this division. This place sucks!  

U will wait forever for takeout bc they're picking through the meat so they give it to the pple that orders roast pork, duck rice combos.

I ordered half a roast duck, scallion chicken, roast pig and roast pork. When I got home and opened the duck I realized it was all the crappy pieces and no breast. The food was flavorless and the chicken was less then cooked a lot of blood. 

I def will not return to M Kee... They can keep there ducks that suck.
I've gotten take out roast pork and duck here - and it's fresh and not too greasy. I stopped in on my way to a concert for dinner. Service was quick. Prices - very reasonable- but the quality of the entree meats are terrible. My wontons had gristle, bone, cartridge and fat- yuk! General tso chicken was the same. We could not eat it all. My duck and rice platter was good but only got 4 small pieces of Chinese broccoli. When the bill came our waitress mis added the total and my husband spent 10 minutes explaining the bill.  We won't be coming back...
Fed a family of 7 for under $10 a person. Ordered dumplings, cashew chicken, roast pork egg fu young, three meats appetizer and two orders of combination crispy noodles. So much flavor in every dish. You can really taste the garlic and ginger. 

I brought family visiting from Hawaii. They are half Chinese and really wanted a taste of home. This was extremely satisfying for them. It's hard to eat affordable in philly so this place is a godsend. 

Cash only! Point to what you want if you don't speak Cantonese or have trouble with heavy accents. Tip generously and enjoy the complementary tea!
Used to be A Ting Wong guy, but my love affair w/ them is over.After their re- opening, the food doesn't seem as good.

After reading reviews, walking by many times and looking at the menu, I finally decided to check it out. My go to dishes(usually from Ting Wong); roast duck & chicken noodle soup, + Fish Filet w/ Chinese veg  were dare I say superior to Ting Wong.The broth was tastier, the duck (yes, a lot of bones) & chicken were fresh and savory. The sauce had lots of fresh ginger; which highlighted the delicate yet flavorful flounder & bok choy.

The nice,friendly smiling lady(something you don't see @ TW) gave me a glass of hot tea while I waited for my to - go order; which took under 10 minutes. I guess this will be my new go-to inexpensive alternative to Ting Wong.
Not the best and not the worst roast duck . I order the wonton mi with a half of roast duck on the side . Duck was very lean and a little salty for me. Noodle taste like super
market  brought and both was so so . Super friendly  service , I came here after a long day of boozing with a friend , the owner was  very welcoming and also gave us free beer Budweiser . Would come back for the service but maybe not my first choice for the roast duck with wonton mi .
Decided to give M Kee a try because Yelpers have described it as a "more presentable Ting Wong." The first sign of concern was that the restaurant had one patron during dinner while 3-star Wong Wong across the street was half full. The birds and pork hanging in the window looked delicious, though, so I gave it a shot.

Sadly, this is the first time Yelp has totally let me down. Though my roast pork was almost as good as Ting Wong's ethereal version of the dish (crispy crust, tender meat, not cloyingly sweet), the roast duck was beyond oversalted and gelatinous in texture. The broth that came with the dish was deliciously savory, but the noodles themselves were flavorless.

The Buddha's delight pan fried noodles, however, was borderline inedible. Poorly cooked vegetables and tofu were scattered across crispy noodles drowned in a gloppy sauce that tasted of nothing but salt and MSG. It was unappealing to the eye and palette, and even worse than something available at a suburban Chinese restaurant.

The bill came to only $15, but next time I'll just suck it up and endure Ting Wong's grimy interior for their superior meats and wok entrees.
First time going to Chinatown in Philadelphia, although we've been to many restaurants in Chinatown in NYC and Boston.  Saw the good yelp reviews and decided to give it a try.

Basically we got in and were offered our choice in table.  After we had gotten settled and started to look at the menu, we were told that the table we had chosen was actually reserved and were asked to move to another table.  No big deal.  After we were seated for about a minute, the waitress came over to ask if we were ready to order.  We said, no, we'd like another minute.  After about 30 seconds or so, the waitress came back, and again, we told her we'd like some more time.  Maybe a minute went by and we were still clearly examining the menu when she came over a third time to ask what we would like.  We didn't want to deal with her anymore, so we just ordered whatever looked good at first glance.

I got the beef with noodles.  Nothing crazy, but nothing too bad either.  Basically it was what I expected for a $7.50 dinner.  My girlfriend got vegetables with noodles in oyster sauce.  It should have really been printed on the menu as spinach and noodles since that's all it was.  And they weren't mixed together at the slightest.  Kinda a blah dinner.  I will say, though, that just as they were quick to take our order, our entrees came out within 5 minutes in classic Chinese restaurant fashion.

Probably better to go takeout on this place if you're looking for some standard run of the mill cheap Chinese food.  If you're looking for something a little more tasty, I'd suggest going elsewhere.  A low three stars.
My boyfriend and I were in Chinatown for an event and naturally I was jonesin' for some authentic Chinese food. We stumbled upon M Kee, saw the roasted meat in the window and immediately knew this was our dining destination.

A true hole-in-the-wall establishment, the restaurant is about as plain as possible with bare off-white walls aside from the bright orange chair rail. The staff dons coordinating orange t-shirts and are as kind as can be. There is a small cooking station up front and the rest of the dining room is small but not claustrophobic.

Part of what I like so much about Chinese food is the generally cheap prices and M Kee did not disappoint. For a measly $5 I got a HUGE bowl of noodles with roast pork and chicken. Now let me say I'm not usually a noodle person so I don't know how big these bowls typically are... but it seemed humongous to me, especially for the price. Both the pork and chicken were so tender and extremely flavorful, though the chicken was slightly... gelatinous? I definitely preferred the pork and ate almost all of it. Unfortunately I wasn't a fan of the broth. I thought the noodles were fine.

We also ordered the sesame chicken which was another large portion for $10. I really enjoyed this - the chicken was modestly breaded and the sauce was flavorful but not overbearing. The bed of broccoli was fresh and cooked well. 

My boyfriend had the fried pork... pork chops? Not sure. It was a plate piled high of thin slices of overly breaded pork. It was very, very heavy and greasy... we only had a few pieces then quit.

I can't say if this place is any better or worse than other Chinatown restaurants as I rarely get the chance to eat in this part of town. Overall I enjoyed my meal here and would probably return to try some other items on the menu, though I won't rush back.

Note this establishment is CASH ONLY.
I agree with the two negative reviewers below.  They rush you in and rush you out.  If you order more than one course, they bring everything at once, even after you ask them to bring the soup first then the main course.  I had asked ahead of time, that they bring the soup first, they ignored it, and brought everything at once.  I told them to take the main course back and keep it warm.  They took it back but did not keep it warm.  I did not leave them a tip.  The person with me ordered sliced duck, and it was full of bone, almost dangerous to eat or swallow.  They're obviously out for the quick buck, and couldn't care less about service.  Not to mention people brushing by you as you eat, as though you were dining in the middle of Grand Central Station.  If they came any closer you'd bump elbows.
By the time you're through reading the negatives about this place (which include but are not limited to barely-friendly wait staff, it being cash only, a unisex bathroom, and so on), you might be tempted to do no more than peek in from the outside.  Then what's with the perpetual number of people eating in and taking out?  Just the food, plain and simple.

As with most other Chinatown places, it only helps if you know Chinese.  If you don't, simply point to what you like on the menu.  All the hot rice entrees, most between $5-7, come with a heaping amount of rice and a generous portion of meat.  I've observed that you actually get a larger portion size if you eat there rather than take it to go (I guess the plate can fill more than the take-out container?).  If you're OK spending more, the casserole dishes (hot pots) are delicious.  I liked the beef stew with dread bean curd hot pot, although be aware that you get tons of beef tendon in there.  (Obviously, don't order this dish if even reading "beef tendon" makes your insides curl up.)  I'd love to try the lamb with dried bean curd hot pot next.  I also really liked the filet steak Cantonese style.  They do flavor the sauce with some sugar - that's how it's supposed to be cooked - but they give you a ton of meat on the dish.  Sometimes restaurants will throw in tomatoes so they can stealthily lessen the amount of meat you get, but this wasn't the case at all here.

So many people come and go for the roasted meat here that it's a good guarantee that all of it will be fresh.  If you're trying it for one, I'd start with 1/2 pound of your meat of choice, otherwise you'll end up with far too much. 

Minor drawbacks include those I listed above.  Cash only so be prepared, but a little goes a long way here.
Close to 5 stars, 4.5 

I was gonna goto ting Wong but my gf convinced me try this place out. I walk by it all the time and thought it was a Chinese restaurant that served american style Chinese food and not down and dirty Chinese food. I walk in and greeted by good signs. All Asian , packed and, that good eats vibe. The menu wasnt the typical Chinese menu but it had the usuals. I didn't feel super hungry and felt sick so i went with the congee with pork and egg. Ordered soy sauce chicken and fried dough rice cake. All three were bomb!!!!  I wish the fried dough was warmer though.. But for that price... It's phenomenal!  The chicken was good to and the portion I thought would be small was crazy big. My gf got wonton noodle with pork. Her dish was served with the broth on the side... Pretty unique approach for philly... I've seen it done on only a couple of dishes ever really. 

Overall I thought the meal was great!  I actually can't wait to go back and will prob try other dishes since everything we got was pretty memorable... I highly recommend trying this place out if you're in the mood for non-dim sum on weekends. Can't believe I walked by this place for years now.
Nina W., you hit a home run with this one. This is a fantastically subtle joint to eat some really good Hong Kong style Chinese food.

As it is not far from my hotel, I gave this one a try at her suggestion. The owners are super nice and accommodating. Their food backs it all up. I had to try their Roast Duck, and I got their pan fried noodles with chicken. It all tasted incredibly fresh, and delicious. Most notably, the duck was superb. Give me more of that stuff any day. It came on a delicious bed of sticky rice which was great in its own right.

I absolutely loved the noodles. Crispy and light and the chicken was delicious. It came in a refreshing sauce and the portion was HUGE. There was no way I could finish all of this! For $18 (side note: cash only), this was some of the best Asian-esque cuisine I have had in a long time. I only discount the food is somewhat messy, and the broccoli I had was overcooked. Now I am just nitpicking. This was a great meal.

Come check this place out. It will make you and your tummy very happy!

Thank you Nina!
Probably now my most frequented restaurant in Chinatown. The place isn't fancy, but they pump out delicious food at low prices. Don't let the meat hanging through the window as you're walking by deter you from trying this gem. You can't go wrong with the two meats and fried egg on rice, where you select two types of meat from a handful of options (roast pig, char siu, soy chicken, scallion chicken, roast duck). This is also really quick turnaround since it's already roasted and they only have to plate. I've just started venturing to other parts of the menu; I had the fish filet and tofu over rice the other night and it was definitely a hit. 

Downside is that they only take cash and the waitresses don't speak adequate English. But just be patient and they'll try their best. They're some of the friendliest servers in Chinatown imo.
Visited M Kee with some family for a new year dinner. We were very impressed by their pricing and offerings. Quality of all the dishes were quite good and authentic to Chinese tastes at the table. Salt and pepper pork chops, roast duck, roast pork, chicken, beef cilantro soup, pan fried noodles, fried fish with Chinese gourd, and snow pea sprouts was most of what we ordered. We were really stuffed and enjoyed everything! 

I will say the servers were so friendly and attentive which is not always the case at Chinese restaurants. They even brought over clean plates for a dessert we had brought into the restaurant. Just very nice staff which really made the experience even more enjoyable.
So I'm always happy to have a new Chinese BBQ restaurant (the ones with slab of meat, duck and chicken hanging in front of the windows) around. I pretty grew up on congee, noodles and rice and I complete adore these places. 

I've gotta let you in on a little test-proof Chinese restaurant secret though. In all seriousness and not those Chinese ancient secret hibbie jibbies mumbo jumbos - only go to a Chinese restaurant that is busy. Don't be shy and people-phobic or think that you'll get better service in a quiet restaurant. First of all, there is a small margin for better service in Chinese restaurants. A busy restaurant indicates better food, or at least better value for the price's worth. Also it means that there's is a better turnaround of ingredients. You won't be eating things that had been stored away for the entire week because nobody went there to order them. Fresher ingredients means... Duh! better food. It is not really that hard to understand. 

I've said it before and I'll say it again. Different from the Western business model, Chinese business earn money from providing faster service at a lower price. So your food will be getting to you faster anyhow. So YES, do go to a busy Asian establishment to ensure your satisfaction. M Kee, however, does not seem busy but the rule is less stringent when you go to a new establishment. It takes time to build reputation, so I went in to test it out. 

Ting Wong, Wong Wong and M Kee's Chinese name "Man Wong" are all based on the word "Wong" which in Chinese means busy-ness or popularity but M Kee still does live up to yet. Ting Wong and M Kee seems to be operated by the same people and you can see that they have similar layouts but M Kee, since it's still relatively new, is far cleaner and brighter. And who wouldn't want a cleaner, brighter Ting Wong with less sticky floors?

The food however left a little to be desired. It's not bad but since there are not enough customers, they have to utilize the microwave to warm the food up instead of fresh cooked rice. I don't really know whether it is because of the cold weather even though it seems comfortably warm in the restaurant but the meats on the plate of rice I received has congealed fat on it which makes it unappealingly jelly like. Also the chain of command still seems to be unclear since I waited more than 8 minutes for this simple plate because people forgot to take my plate out from the microwave. 

The good things they have going for them other than it being clean and bright, is that the servers are friendly. Also, they gave their customer an extra bowl of Chinese soup of the day and it was comforting and delicious. I hope that they get more and more customers and I'll definitely go back again sometimes just because of that extra bowl of soup. Also everything here is dirt cheap as it should be if you are in Chinatown and want customers.
Inexpensive, satisfying, and filing meal- can't go wrong here. 

It's become the go-to lunch place of C-town, kind of like a chinese version of Chikfila or Chipotle. 

Super fast service, CASH ONLY though!
What's great about it ? VERY FAST SERVICE...
I came here because ting wong was close on Tuesdays.. My friend suggested this place.. So I gave it a try.. I tried the Roast Pig and Roast Duck over rice... The roast pig had a funny taste like it wasn't cooked well.... the duck is the same thing.... Weird taste to what I'm used to.. Hopefully it was just a bad batch that I got.. I'll try this again in the future to verify and update my review
The roast pork goes fast, so I didn't get to try that.  My wife ordered a whole roast duck and it was wonderful.  So crispy on the outside, so moist on flavorful on the inside.  The 5 spice, star anise, cloves, cinnamon... it was all there.  Not overly salty and chopped so uniformly, this has to be one of the, if not the, best Chinese roast ducks I've ever had.  Aces throughout spaces.
Here's the trick with M Kee: don't order things that come from the kitchen. But Wing, everything gets cooked in the kitchen, you say. Well, here's the thing: in a Cantonese style barbecue / cafe / restaurant typed place like this there are two different food preparation places. There's the kitchen, which is in the back with all the stoves and such. There's what's called the "water bar", which is the front area where all the barbeque is served and noodles, etc. are made. In general, anything that comes from a wok and can be considered an "entree" comes from the "kitchen".

And M Kee sucks with their woks.

However, their porriage, barbeque, noodles (and noodle soup) and dim sum type things are super good. Probably best in Philly re: value and taste. So don't get something that would require major stir-frying. Don't order anything from a menu heading like "beef" or "entree". Don't get any seafood, especially. And if you do that, you'll have a wonderfully delicious five star Cantonese experience.
this is where my family gets duck.  Its actually really disturbing to see the ducks hanging in the front, but I have to confess that its really tasty.
Four stars. 

I came here for the first time with friends and had the home style fish over rice to go. And we had them the next day for lunch and it was delicious. I can imagine that it would have been better if we had it at the spot. However, the food was overall too greasy.

I would definitely come back to try other dishes. It was a pleasant surprise how delicious the food was.

Cash only.
got delivery some fried rice and grilled pork and duck but NO DUCK AVAILABLE. boooo. the fried rice was delicious and so was the salt baked squid. i wasn't the biggest fan of the grilled pork and chicken (they replaced my duck with chicken). the meat was a bit dry and non very flavorful. the won noodle soup was also very bland, not much flavor in the broth. maybe i'll try again but will definitely be dining in next time
When you go to Chinatown, you should look for an authentic Chinese experience. M Kee is such a restaurant - casual and unassuming. It is typical of noodle and congee places, offering soup noodle bowls, economical rice plates, and full size dinner orders. On a budget? Get a rice plate or soup bowl for $7 that is brimming with food. Want something special? Try a clay pot for about $15. For under $10 pp, you will leave full and happy. 

We ordered the fish clay pot what I liked about this fish was they provided chunky fish pieces - not small pieces that are really big pieces of batter. Oh and make sure you try the roast pork - we thought it was excellent, even though it was late in the evening and we expected to be eating leftover pieces that no one wanted to buy. Sautéed spinach, and flat noodle soup were also excellent. 

Now, regarding service. I have low expectations when it comes to Chinatown restaurants. Usually servers are brusque and overworked. However in this case, our waitress was really sweet. She even asked us if we want our pork half fat/half lean (yes that's the best way to have it). The health conscious may ask for a leaner cut, but hey yolo. Service was good.
Everything here smells delicious, but what I really come here is for the fried bread. They have the long thin one as well as the rounded fat one. I love their fried bread because it's not as oily as some places, and has a denser, bready taste. Also the service is quick and friendly!
One of my coworkers recommended this place for their roast pork so I had to check it out.  We ordered the roast pork for appetizer, beef chow fun, and rice with scallion/ginger beef.  The meal was definitely better than our local takeout place near our house in Havertown.  Service was good and it was pretty empty on a Monday night.  This is place to buy roast pork by the pound from front.  They also sell roast duck.
Ever since the chef from Ting Wong moved and opened this place, I pretty much haven't looked back. 

The chef has brought his culinary talents down a block to do his own thing under his own name, and I respect that.

You come here for everything that made Ting Wong famous.  The Roast Duck, Roast Pig, noodle soups, congee etc.

After sampling most of what chinatown has to offer, this is the closest I can find to anything that comes close to the "dai pai dong" kinda food I love from Hong Kong.
Their "sizzling chicken with garlic hot pot" doesn't actually have garlic! What a misleading title in the menu. 

Just kidding  Besides that, this is a no frills Cantonese comfort food join similar to its competitor Ting Wong. The look and operation of it make it seem like the two are somehow connected but anyway. 

I have a slight preference for Ting Wong when I'm in the mood for congee, noodle soup, and pan fried noodles, but every now and then will stop by MKee for the rice dishes. The one I particularly like is the homestyle fish filet with green beans & rice. I don't even know what homestyle means but it's delicious and portions are filling. 

Last time I checked (months ago), this place was still cash only. Friend and I were short on cash one time and a friendly diner (thanks, Evan!) offered to pay for the rest. All in all, a slight inconvenience but high value and good comfort food.
It's Chinese New Years weekend, and we wanted to get some roast duck, so decided to try this place.  We stood in line (very popular place!), and wanted to get a whole roast duck to go, but someone had already ordered two, so they offered us "half and half" instead - half roast duck, half flat duck.  We accepted, and also got a pound of the roast pork (char siu) and an order of pork fried rice.

The roast duck had awesome flavor - loved it!  It could have been crispier, but was good.  The flat duck was disappointing - the skin and meat were chewy.  The roast pork was amazing - this was the stand out of them all!  Great flavor and went perfectly with the fried rice.  The fried rice was also great.  

The prices here were great, as well, as they charge the duck by half/whole, and not the pound.  Duck has a lot of bones, so I find that it's not as great a deal when someone charges by the pound.  Delicious food - we will definitely be back!
A little gem for authentic Chinese food. Some staples here is the chiang fun, pan fried noodles, roast duck noodle soup, and congee. M Kee also tends to be less crowded than the nearby Ting Wong but the food is just as good.

Both my belly and my wallet loves this spot.
dont be fooled by the ducks hanging in the window! this is a clean and homey spot in chinatown with the sweetest servers! our party of 8 got the roasted duck and pork to share, and i ordered the pork and preserved egg congee for myself, suggested to me by a chinese friend who is a regular. the preserved egg was a little too gelatinous for my taste, but the congee was flavorful and delicious. would definitely come back!
Maybe I came at an off day and during post COVID reopening time in June, but their BBQ pork that I got was not amazing. Not much flavor and the cut of meat was no tender. Additionally, it was $14/lb, which was pretty expensive compared to another place I go to and it is amazing! I was craving some BBQ pork while walking by so that is why I got it, just to try out and see which place I should come back to. 

In conclusion, BBQ pork was meh. I will come back to try other Cantonese food when they open up and when I have time to eat other things.
Just got some takeout for congee and it was decent.
Lean pork and preserved egg congee was pretty good. Great portion for the price.
Snow pea shoots in broth took a long time though. Big portion and was good.
Overall, decent chinese food.
M Kee is my go-to place for traditional Cantonese cuisine! 

This place reminds me of the many restaurants I ate at in Hong Kong. The food is always delicious, fresh, and relatively cheap! This place is clean and quite small, but with a large variety and great quality.

Typically, if I'm eating in, I'll order the duck/pork/chicken in noodle soup or over rice. Their Seafood Pan Fried Noodles are really good too! However, I love getting their food to go as they have great duck and scallion chicken by quarter/half/whole prices. 

My only (non-)issue with this place is that it is CASH ONLY!
Imagine Ting Wong. 

Now, in your mind's eye, drastically clean up the place, slap on a fancy new awning, rip the mirrors off the walls, replace the wait staff with a slightly younger troupe, keep all sounds minimal to just ambient noise, switch out the ducks for smaller, less fatty fowl, and keep the menu virtually the same, but just a notch less tasty and of lower quality.

This is M Kee.

Come here for standard Cantonese fare and for the complementary rice-dish-accompanying soup that tastes like home (if your home happened to be a large Canto household headed by a soup-savvy matronly figure).
Duck, duck, goose! These are some of the delicious animals that will greet you at this jawn. Coming from the Bay Area with good Chinese food aplenty, I'm always happy finding Chinese diners on extended trips away from home. 

We were one of the few customers on a weekday morning and were served promptly. We ordered beef cherng fun, congee with thousand year old egg and pork, and a wonton noodle soup with roast duck. The cherng fun was overall alright but it had the salty soy sauce instead of the sweet soy sauce typically used. The congee was absolutely stunning with generous portions of thousand year old egg and pork with actual flavor! The noodle soup had a savory base and had a good ratio of noodles, duck and wonton. 

Service was wonderful and the waitress spoke English, Cantonese and Mandarin. Our waters and tea were refilled as needed. 

For $14 after tax I would return in a heartbeat any day to fulfill my Chinese cravings.
Omg. How delicious. Don't hesitate. You must go here. 

Yes this is a random shady looking Chinatown spot. That's what you want in this situation. I wanted Chinese breakfast before leaving town. They open 8 am to 11 pm so you can eat here for any meal. 

After complimentary tea, we started with the sweet dough and noodle soup with roast pork and roast duck. So good. Lots of noodles. Lots of meat. Complex broth with great seasoning. 

My husband loved the pork so much we ordered lo mein with roast pork and fried wontons. You love a greasy and savory lo mein with thin slices of onions and roast pork. The won tons had more shrimp than expected and were served with a soy forward sauce. 

The menu was huge. Soups. Noodles. Rice dishes. Chicken. Beef. Seafood. Peking duck is the specialty. We spent $26 and they charged our debit card with no issue.
I come to M Kee at least once a month to have a big family-style dinner with friends and it is always a good time. 

While the interior of the restaurant isn't much to look at, the service is always quick & friendly and the food is always hot, fresh and delicious. 

Most of the time we order a lot of Cantonese dishes that aren't featured on the general menu. My fave thing to get is either the Steamed Pork with Salted Fish (咸鱼蒸肉饼)
or Steamed Pork with Salted Egg (咸蛋肉餅蒸). They also have a killer selection of roast meats, everything from pork to duck and my fave: orange cuttlefish. 

I believe they're a cash-only operation, so be prepared but otherwise, get ready to enjoy some cheap & delicious eats!
Bump to 5 stars. 

This place is simply awesome. I'm getting more impressed with philly Chinatown and excited to see the establishments put out good/reasonable priced food. 

Went here for lunch and ordered the chow fun satay, combo pan fried noodles, and fried donut wrapped with rice cake. All were spot on with flavors--but wanted more satay flavor in the chow fun. But it wasn't a deal breaker. The hot dishes came out fresh off the work. Me and my friend shared everything. 

Super cheap too. Friendly staff and pretty efficient.
We came in here on a Friday evening and the place was empty which should've been a sign to leave. We were the only customers the whole time being there. I ordered congee and my wife ordered roast duck with rice. The waiter was nice and brought us out hot tea but no water. The inside seems updated and clean. However that's where it ends.

The food wasn't good at all. The congee was mediocre at best and it tasted old. My wife's food had a funny smell to it and she never complains about food and felt odd addressing this to management. The manager I assume came over and spoke to my wife and ended up not charging her for the food and taking it off the table. My wife said she didn't believe that the roast duck meat had a smell and that they take care of the food here.

We believe that but is there a chance that maybe one of your ducks went bad and you didn't realize it? Perhaps take the customers complaint more professionally and take what she said more seriously. We felt bad saying something but she wasn't going to eat the meal. I smelt it and it didn't smell fresh and agree with her. We won't be returning here. If you come here and it's empty, don't be surprised.
I am a huge fan of sang kee , which sells the same stuff as this place- roast duck, roast pork, etc but this place is better!

CASH ONLY

I like to get the two meats with egg and rice platter. It's less than 10 bucks and super filling! I get the roast pork and duck. Tender, juicy, fatty-my favorite! The meats come on a plate over rice and they give you the egg separately (top it off with soy sauce). I've been here over 5x. Cheap and quick place!
Huge portions and decently delicious Chinese food. The staff are very friendly as well. I would probably try it again and get the duck!
My work husband and I grab lunch from here quite often! There is a wide variety of choices and the cashiers are very friendly. The only drawback is you cannot use your credit card here; cash only! But, that's standard in Chinatown. My go to is Honey Barbecue Pork - ask for double meat and for ginger sauce! Each entree is substantial and sometimes I even split one entree for both lunch and dinner on a busy day.
Wifey and I decided to go here since she was raving about it. Have to admit, she was pretty spot on. Came starving, and left beyond stuffed. They are not skimpy when it comes to food. Also, the service was great too. They filled my water without asking, checked up on us to see how we were doing, and packed up our food when we were full.

Seafood pan fried noodles - flavor was good and loaded with tons of meats and veggies. I like that it still had a nice crisp to it too, unlike some places where to sauce made the noodles too overcooked.

Chow fun with beef - this was my favorite. The beef was cooked perfectly and the noodles tasted fresh

Sweet dough wrapped in rice paper - not my favorite. They ran out of the original dough and asked if we wanted to try it with the sweet dough instead. I felt it was too soft and sweet for my liking. I would have preferred to try the original one.

Overall: I will definitely be back. I suggested we come back this past weekend, but didn't feel like making the drive into Philly. I can't wait to try the other offerings though.
This is my new place to go for roast ducks and Chinese BBQ pork (char siu).I was craving char siu one morning and none of the store was quite open, it was only 8 a.m. I went on Yelp and found M Kee. I saw really good reviews and checked out some of their pictures. I couldn't wait to try out the food here and I was not disappointed at all. To get to my tables I must first walk by a row of hanging char siu and BBQ spare ribs with another row of roast ducks along with some BBQ chicken wings on the side. The smell and looks of the food itself made my mouth water before ever sitting down.

I couldn't choose what to get but luckily they have a 2 or 3 meat combo option. I opted for the 3 and got char siu, roast duck and roast pig with crackling skin. That's for $13!! Like common, how are you going to get ducks, roast pig and BBQ pork in the same dish for that price? I also had an order of BBQ spare ribs. Oh man was it good! The BBQ ribs came first. The meat was off the bone tender and the outside was glazed with a sweet BBQ sauce. In between bites were caramelized fat that acts as butter for your meat. My three meat platter came out and it was huge! The roast duck was succulent, not too much fat and infused with mad flavors. My roast pig had the perfect crackling skin. This thing was crunchy! I mean really really crunchy. The star has to be the char siu. It had the right amount of sweet and savory and it had a little bit of fat in between its meat that makes it juicy and tender. Also, service here is really friendly, which is saying a lot for Chinatown! No complaints, they even have fresh, hot, homemade soybean milk here. It doesn't get any better than this, and definitely not at 8 in the morning!
great service. friendly and fast. cash only. great prices and delicious food! well worth the money
This place has become a Chinatown staple. 
And that complimentary soup is tough to beat.

Order #169 (fish and ground pork with green beans) and thank me later.
I love the roast duck! 
Reasonable price, good portion & delicious! 
I also like the vegetables (I forgot it was Chinese broccoli or water spinach) they mixed with salted fish! The waiter told me it's a dried fish & stink, she make sure that I know the food before I order. She thought maybe I wouldn't like it. 
One thing I don't like it..., cash only! Lucky! I saw on Yelp about this, so I have enough cash to pay, lol.
My friend and I always get the pig intestines here at least once a month and it's so good  don't judge us please!!! Service is quick and efficient enough that you can have your friend sit in the car on the corner and you'll be out with the food in 2 minutes top. I don't know if it was because it was late yesterday but the experience was so off...it was only 9pm and the intestines were cold, and we got soy sauce chicken there for the first time and meat was so skimp. The rice to meat ratio was probably 3:1. Total for both was $15. Prices aren't bad but Ting Wong's food tastes better in my opinion and the portions are reasonable!
Decent duck/chicken pairing, but the duck wasn't as meaty as I would expect. Was a tad lean, as well, which made the meat tougher than it could have been. The congee/jook was superb in terms of texture and flavor. The soy sauce fried noodles had a bizarre texture...as if the noodles weren't cooked thoroughly. Had a strange bite and a little too salty. 

Overall, nothing spectacular.
I came here for a quick bite in the morning. I was really surprised to find this place opened at 8am. I had a big bowl of their wonton noodle soup for $4.50! :) I thoroughly enjoyed the noodle soup, possibly even more for the price... I also got their Zhaliang (fried dough with rice noodle; dimsum dish) which I was really looking forward to. The fried dough wasn't crispy at all and that ruined it for me. The serving size of it was large too, but it just comes to show that bigger isn't always better. 

The servers were very nice and attentive. The place was sort of hole-in-the-wallish. You're definitely not going there for the decor or ambience. I would however recommend it for a quick bite to eat especially for the price and service. The food was just okay based on the food that I had.
i come here pretty regularly for take outs~ portion is great and a really good value!

my favorite is the singapore rice noodles from mkee~ it really hits the spot every time! the rice platters are always solid whichever one you choose~ the porkchop over rice is for when i'm super hungry!  

i love coming here to get the rice noodle rolls under "breakfast" they do a really good job and offers the one with scallion and dried shrimp which isn't available at the dim sum places in philly~

definitely give this place a try if you haven't been already!
Can't go wrong with meat over rice. Roast duck was delicious, pork ribs were also pretty good. Roast pork probably would have been even better (get the two meats over rice for $6.50, comes with a fried egg). We also tried the seafood pan fried noodles (noodles are the thin and crunchy Cantonese-style egg noodles) and the wonton beef noodle broth (again with the thin egg noodles). Also pretty good, if you like those kinds of noodles. You get so much food though, so it's totally worth it. 

The bottom line is, the portions are huge and the food is cheap. Stick with the roast meats and rice/noodle dishes, and you will be happy.
M Kee is a restaurant that serves really authentic Cantonese food. The menu features all kinds of congee at breakfast time. There are also a huge number of noodle dishes and rice plates available, all priced between $4-6.  While a few Chinese-American dishes lurk on the menu, the emphasis is on Cantonese fare. All in all, this seems like a good place to go for a casual meal. To see the menu, check out http://chinatownmenu.com/MKee.html
Stereotypical Cantonese restaurant with the roast ducks and pig hanging in the front window. You know you want it.

*Hot teapot provided with your meal complimentary. It's more diluted than I've had at other Chinese places, flavor is okay.
*3 item BBQ Combination (BBQ char siu pork, roast pig, soy chicken): I will give this dish points for not being too oiled like I've had at other places - it's quite light here. Char siu was a great combination of sweet + savory while not being too sauce-heavy. The roast pig (thit quay for you Viet folks) had wonderful crispy skin texture and nice flavoring although I will say I've had a more powerful five-spice aroma elsewhere. Soy chicken was alright, small pieces with very crumbly bones, but appropriately flavored. 
*Congee (with pork and preserved egg): $5 and not the biggest portion, it was enough for maybe max two people to share as an appetizer (or one person as a decent entree). They used a beautiful glutinous rice blend to add the sweet aroma combined with the savory pork and preserved egg flavor. The preserved egg is awesome! The texture of the congee is thick and rich, not the thickest I've had at similar Cantonese places but still delicious.
 *Hong Kong Pan Fried Noodle (with shredded pork):I'm a fan! The gravy softens out the crispy texture of the egg noodles underneath. My only complaint is that the gravy could have been more rich and salty. 

Overall quite solid Cantonese, clearly not the best I've had (I hail from Toronto aka Hong Kong's unusually snowy suburbs so I know more than a thing or two about what this food tastes like) but still delicious and very much affordable especially if you aren't looking for ginormous portions but still want to be full.
The food actually tasted fine. Nothing amazing. Just fine. I'm giving this place just one star because of a complete lack of hygiene awareness. I used the bathroom and noted that their soap dispenser was completely broken. No soap was dispensing. I brought this to the attention of one of the staff, and she said "yah yah, we know. Sorry." 
After that, I was completely turned off. I had to eat the food despite this because I was in a group, and felt obliged to stay because others were paying. I didn't want to be rude. But the whole time, I knew that unless there were other employees or customers with hand sanitizer --- no one had washed their hands! GROSS. 
I brought out my own hand sanitizer to share with our group, and our waitress saw this and rolled her eyes. I can't make this stuff up. I will not be coming here again. If you want cheap tasty food -- there are other places in chinatown to find that, and I'm sure those staff members wash their hands.
From the makers of Ting Wong comes the newest restaurant M Kee!  Now its been open for a few weeks now and I was already a fan before it officially opened lol.  

The food is basically noodle and rice dishes.  They have to roast ducks and chickens in the window, but its not as flavorful as Ting Wong but good never the less.  The wontons and shimp dumpling are very good.   The pan fried noodles taste better here than Ting Wong.  

This place is very clean.  Service is fast and waiters and waitress are very polite and efficient.  You want cheap eats you found a great place!  Stop by!  Im might be sitting in the back lol!

Happy Eatings!!
I usually eat at TIng Wong. I love wontons and in my opinion Ting Wong's wontons are pretty awesome! I decided to give M Kee a try and see if it their wontons were better than Ting Wongs. Unfortunately, they were not. I got the wonton noodle soup. I thought that the broth was not as tasty as Ting Wong's and the wonton's filing were not as good. When I eat Ting Wong's wontons, I can taste the shrimp. I was a disappointed with quality of M Kee's wontons. 

On the bright side, M Kee's atmosphere was more pleasant than TIng Wong. It was cleaner. The prices are also as reasonable as Ting Wong's.
This place hasn't disappointed me. I'm a regular here every time I'm in town. I usually opt for the chow mein or beef ho fun with gravy. This time, I ended up getting Singapore mai fun and HK style wonton noodle soup. They fill the take out containers to the brim and both were very fresh and flavorful. We also ordered the bittermelon with beef and it is consistently good every time.
Gotta tell you, this is a hidden oasis in Philly Chinatown. Great food, great prices. the duck and roast pork is fresh and succulent. The owner is nice lady from Toi San. great noodles and Beef Chow fun.

Go to specialty dish- minced pork w scallop w/ chinese okra on rice. Un-frickin-believable!
M Kee is like a nicer Ting Wong (my previous go to place for Singapore Chow Mai Fun and Beef Chow Fun).  The staff is friendly, and the interior although small, is nice and clean.  I only ordered take out but they were very efficient (it was ready in 5 minutes!).  The dishes were great with large, lean cut pieces of meat.  The serving size was also generous and for $6.50, you can't beat that!  M Kee is a great new addition to Chinatown and I plan on consuming a lot more noodles and duck from there.
Although this is supposedly a new place, the interior is pretty lackluster. But I am not one to care much about how a restaurant looks as long as the food is good. This is a decent cantonese style restaurant.  It's cheap, portions are large, and pretty decent in terms of taste. 

There are some hits and misses. The sauteed vegetables with garlic is always good. It's a little bit more oily than Empress Garden (another place I like to get vegetables). Roast duck/chicken were both pretty moist and flavorful. It is a little oily, but I guess that's where the flavor comes from. The preserved fried rice is always on my list to get when I go there. Some things to stay away from - the roast pork fried rice, americanized beef on rice dishes. The roast pork fried rice was a disappointment to me. I don't know whether it's because I had it as take out, but it was pretty bland. The beef on rice dishes were nothing to write home about. It's pretty americanized. I guess they are an okay choice if you like americanized Chinese food, which I feel like eating sometimes.

Overall, most of the dishes I tried were decent, and I always get an extra portion for takeout when I eat here. I will definitely be back for some cheap and delicious foods. I give it 4 stars, especially for being in Philly. I am from Toronto,  where there are tons of good Chinese food. I would probably give it 3 stars if the restaurant was located in Toronto.

P.S. They also serve free soup, which I love!!!! Sometimes they forget to give you, so remember to ask for it.
As the BF is a huge fan of Ting Wong, I wanted to give this place a try. The concept and menu items are all very similar except you get free soup here which could be a hit or miss. We got a bittermelon soup and some of us weren't big fans of it. The BF opted for his favorite beef chow fun (wet style) which he said was alright yet he still prefers Ting Wong's better. The prices are also very comparable to Ting Wong. 

On another visit, I came for take-out since Ting Wong was closed. I ordered wonton egg noodle soup, roast pork and duck. I thought the roast pork was very juicy and duck was alright. The wontons in the wonton noodle soup tasted fake. I didn't like whatever was in it at all. Also, I think the lady may have charged me 50 cents more than what I really owed, maybe by calculation mistake (she was busy chatting up someone else), but since I already paid and was waiting for the food, I didn't even bother to correct it. 

Overall it's a decent place, and a good substitute if Ting Wong is closed, but we would still go to Ting Wong if we had a choice. I would not recommend the wontons (unless it happened to be an off-day) but the roast pork is good.
Having been to Hong Kong, this is a solid spot for authentic HK style of cooking. I got the two Meats and Pan-Fried Egg on Rice. Cha Sui Pork and Duck. It was all under $10, so alot of bang for your buck. The flavor from the meat is already good but adding that yolky texture on top of the rice and meats is awesome. The fried egg really had another layer of texture and flavor.

If you are new to Chinese cuisine, I would recommend a rice based dish with one of their meat choices. Can't go wrong with that. Most of their dishes are pretty solid but there are tons of options, so feel free to be adventurous​ and try something new.

Their servers know an ok amount of English but be prepared to get some confused looks. Bring someone who either knows or speaks Chinese. It's best to already know what you want before making both parties frustrated. Bring Cash. I believe its a cash only spot too. Overall, pretty good place. I would come back here again.
Cheap and delicious, what more do you need besides to BRING CASH! My usual spot is either here or Ting Wong but Ting Wong usually run out of duck/crispy pork earlier so M Kee is a better later spot. Order double meat for your rice platter to get more than you need to satisfy those cravings. If you get chicken, don't hesitate to ask for the ginger sauce, bomb.com

If you're feeling under the weather, get some thousand year old egg and pork congee, you are welcomed!
I think this is a work week sort of lunch place. Decent cheap food, not great but not too bad either. Went in for lunch and got the Hong Kong style noodles with roast pork and roast duck. Pork was quite salty and the duck was okay. They were both warm in spots but cold in spots. After they put noodles and meat on plate they popped in microwave and think that is all the heat they got. Wonton soup were dumplings were a bit rough, and broth was thin.  Nothing remarkable, not sure where all these 4 stars are coming from.
No frills Chinese restaurant with a very extensive, authentic, and quick menu.  They definitely have tasty vegetarian options as well as very tasty meat options. Great choice for cheap, quick, and fast eating.
Great rib special. I have no idea what it was called. Saw it on another table and ordered it. Mix seafood hot pot was great. Shrimp pan fried noodles were average. Roast pork chow fun was good but a bit bland.
Congee was great. It had a smooth texture, ginger accents, and nice depth of flavor. There was plenty of pork and eggs in my $4.50 bowl. Good mix of people dining in and ordering at the counter to go. I wish the fried donut was reheated and crisped up before serving.
I tried M Kee multiple times with poor results. The chiang fun with fried shrimp and chasiu over noodles was too salty to eat. Each time I ordered the roast duck it was extremely oily. The exception was the Peking Duck, which is served southern style with steamed buns instead of thin pancakes, and was actually pretty good. Usually Cantonese restaurants make great beef chow fun, but theirs was stale, greasy noodles clumped together. The wonton noodle soup is just okay compared to the obvious competitor. I would take a walk around the corner to get better food.
their menu items are overall slightly cheaper compared to the other local chinatown restaurants making this place a gem if you are looking to save even more, while still getting similar food quality.  Get a decent sized wonton noodle soup or go for their congee that is only $4.50! They have breakfast items that are pretty decent and cheap as well - $2.50 for shrimp/beef/pork/scallion chiang fun (long flat rice noodles).  Also, another solid place to get peking duck with noodles or rice.

I don't recommend dining in alone if you don't speak any chinese/canto - most of their workers here cannot understand English well (compared to other nearby restaurants) so having any specific orders will get challenging. Seating is pretty limited - only about 2-3 round tables for small groups of people and 5-6 smaller tables.  

random secret for congee lovers: take out order your congee - they give you more of it versus if you eat in
Really good wonton noodles.  We also ordered some fried rice and stir fried vegetables, and much to our delight, the portion is much bigger than NYC cantonese restaurants.  Love it!
Roast duck and overall food taste is good. Staff with limited English but I was able to order and enjoy a delicious meal. It's usually packed and may seat with other patrons.
3 chopped meats were placed on a layer of bok choi over rice for only $7. The M Kee guys were right in saying this was too much for one person, but I was happy to have the 3 to sample from. Though they weren't super meaty, my favorite of the 3 were the spareribs. The lacquered meat crackled under my teeth.  The pride that M Kee has in its roast meats is apparent in its roast pork, whose flavor and texture is miles beyond that which is served at your average take 0ut joint. The duck was my least favorite of the 3, it was all bones and fat and the skin was not crisp enough
Fantastic Duck best in the city. Great for take out or eat in. Only 19$ for the whole duck.
Cheap and delicious Chinese food! M Kee serves various types of roasted meats and rice and noodle dishes. It's a quick place to come get takeout or sit down and eat. One of my favorite things to get here is actually the roasted pork bone. Excellent for making soup or pork base for congee. 

Cash only!
Ever since my girlfriend and I found Prosperity Dumpling in Chinatown, NYC, we've made it a crusade to find breakfast in every major city's Chinatown. We left MD early (0600) to make it in time to have some crucial breakfast dumplings. To our dismay, we found NO dumpling places open before 10:30-- but wait! Here's a store with delicious roasted ducks hanging in the window and a full house at 9:00. Let's do it.

We came in and found a table for two fairly quickly (luck?). A quick gander at the menu and it was a done deal: Sliced Roast Pork appetizer, Chinese Broccoli & Oyster sauce, Roast duck noodle soup, and roast pork noodle soup. We asked the waitress about where to get good dumplings and she replies "We have! Fried or steamed?". This was, indeed, divine providence. Fried.

Waiting for our food, it was great to see a table of travelers (who seemingly hadn't met before) sharing a table and swapping stories of Chinese and German cultures.

The portions were excellent, surpassed only by the flavor. The duck was tender and juicy, the pork was deliciously salty (not TOO salty), and the bok choi was sauteed as I would make at home. The complimentary tea was yummy, too.

I didn't care for the broth as much as some other restaurants, but theirs is still well above average.

Bottom line: If you're in Chinatown and hankering for yummy food and a great experience, stop by M Kee!
M Kee has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in Chinatown. After just two trips, I was sold.

First, M Kee has the best service in Chinatown by far. We've never had to wait too long for the server or the food to come out. Actually, on our last trip, the server came over three times before we were even ready to order. I know this sounds pushy but he was apologetic every time and kept telling us to take our time. It was a rare night out with my grandmother and her grandchildren so we were caught up in some conversation with her (service 5/5).

The food itself is quite good. We have gotten the "three meat combination" appetizer where you can select three meats from the appetizer menu and combine into one. We always get the scallion chicken, roast duck, and roast pork. All three are fantastic. My only complaint is that it's a bit oily but that's to be expected (5/5).

We have also got a variety of other dishes that I don't remember now but, from what I do remember, they all ranged within a 4-5 star rating for me. The absolute best part of it for me was that all the food stayed pretty true to authentic Chinese food. 

The ambience isn't going to blow you away. It's a traditional Chinatown restaurant but I grew up going to these places so I don't mind it. Thus, I don't take too much away from their overall score for it (2/5).

It may not be a first, second, or even third date kind of place...but the service plus food made it five stars for me.
Love the duck... The crispy pork can't be beat... The hardest part about eating here is deciding what to have it is all so good. $6 for crispy pork over white rice... its amazing.
the duck house is to chinatown what the sandwich shop is to the italian market.  m kee is my go-to spot.  the hanging ducks in the front window serve a duel purpose. for some, they are a glowing welcome sign, while to the casual chinese food eaters they can be an intimidating guard dog.  it takes some chutzpah for any chinatown neophyte to hit up a place like this.  your bravery, however, will certainly be rewarded with tasty large portions of freshly chopped up duck and pork served over rice or noodle soup.  the roast pig (not to be mistaken with the roast pork) is my favorite because of the crispy fried skin. besides the fresh chopped stuff in the window, there's also a few things i'd recommend from the kitchen.  first off is the peking duck special. they switch it up a bit at m kee by serving the duck with bao instead of pancakes.  second, is the bitter melon and beef in black bean sauce over rice.  mmm, this is making me salivate by just writing about it.  i seriously love me some bitter melon (aka ampalaya), but just know that it's very much an acquired taste.  i've honestly been disappointed by some of the other stuff in the kitchen, but stick to the basics and you'll leave with a happy belly and plenty of cash to spare.
This place is my go-to for a quick lunch or dinner in Chinatown. Have your cash ready since they don't accept credit. I believe it's one of the "hidden" gems because of its somewhat discreet location as it's not on a popular corner. 

Pro tip for roast pork (and maybe even duck?): opt for half fatty, half lean to avoid drier cuts and it'll taste so much better with your rice and/or noodles. Your heart and arteries might hate you, but your taste buds and stomach will love it! Pro tip 2: check out the hanging meats and see what's fresh as you enter and before even sitting down. Like the last donut and last anything, I wouldn't order anything that there's only a few left. 

For hot rice entrees, I like the beef and tomato with egg, combination and fish (think stir-fried battered boneless fish) with vegetables. Piping hot on a cold day and goes well with the complementary soup during lunchtime, you're in and you're out with their quick service and a satisfied stomach.
I am usually faithful to Sang Kee for my duck and noodle soups but I wanted to try something different. The 9th Street Sang Kee is more expensive than the Reading Terminal Sang Kee which I frequent weekly.
The price here at M Kee is very reasonable and comparable to the Terminal restaurant. It's fast, clean and the staff has been very friendly and helpful. The duck has a more "gamey" taste than Sang Kee but is still delicious.
Haven't been to M Kee in several months. Unfortunately prices have gone up. Now instead of being really cheap, it just inexpensive. The three waitresses were very helpful because we wanted dishes from the chinese menu but we can't read or speak Chinese. Their peoblem is that they speak very little English. They understand us but have trouble speaking our language. The manager is very fluent in both languages so she helped us select two dishes. The first was ground pork, fried fish and chinese okra. Dont confuse Chinese okra with the American variety, totally different looks like a long catus and doesn't have slime. Very tasty. The fried fishe was small squares of white fish coated in a light flour batter--yummy. The ground pork was almost the consistency of bolognese. Really delicious. The second dish was simply chinese sausage(lap chong). It's sweet but also has a definite pork taste. It was paired with chinese broccoli in a very like sauce. The two dishes along with hot and sour soup cost us $37.00 plus tip. Again not cheap but we did not order the standard Cantonese-American duck and pork and wonton soup. Any dinner under $20 per person in this day and age is a bargain. The restaurant is clean the staff is friendly and helpful. Well worth the visit
I like the pork ribs here, but sometimes even after I tell them I dont want meat that is too dry, I still got the dry one, same goes to the honey roasted pork and crispy pork.
One of the BEST restaurants in Chinatown! They're roast duck an char siu are definitely a must when you order! They're congee and noodles are really good too!
Awesome family run restaurant. This is not an upscale place but a humble family style restaurant that really pleased me. Very hot and fresh congee, salty and flavorful pork and duck really made for an awesome breakfast. Open at 8AM.
This isn't your Chinatown tourist restaurant so you're going to get really good food with minimal damage to your wallet. The waiters and waitresses are friendly and helpful - when one of them got my order incorrect, she apologized. I eventually ate what was brought out because it was close enough to what I wanted (rice instead of pan-fried noodles).

You probably can't go wrong with anything (unless you foolishly order something that you know you don't like eating - bitter melon, for example). I'd highly recommend their roast duck, roast pork, and wonton noodle soup.

BTW, if it's a hot day and ask really, really nice, you may be able to get them to make a pitcher of iced tea which isn't on the menu.
I passed through town (philly) today and had to stop in and get a couple ordered to go. Philly use to be my stomping ground and m-kee was one of the places I frequented. Most days I would order the home style fish over rice, my absolute favorite from here. I had them the next day for lunch, which was still good after a quick microwave job for heat. It is a little bit greasy but overall a very satisfying meal. The portion is generous. 

the place has about a dozen tables ranging from 4 ppl to a large round table suited for a large party.  they always have an "asian deli" station where you get your pork belly, duck, chicken, etc.  the house tea is a good price every meal (free).

I went to use their bathroom to wash my hands and it was surprisingly clean.

Cash Only. Bring your $$.
I didn't even know this place existed, until my friend recommended it to me. I tend to stick to my original places and only venture to new places with my friend, since I really only trust his taste when it comes to asian food. Came for lunch and although the place was pretty busy, the service was top notch. We ordered 3 items - beef chow fun in satay sauce, seafood pan fried noodles, and this dough wrapped in rice cake. 

The dough wrapped in rice cake was oh so yummy in my tummy. OMG, the dough was nice and chewy and so fresh. It's not like the dim sum places that are beyond hard if it's been sitting for more than 5 minutes on your table. I'm def craving these now.

The beef chow fun was good, although I do wish it had more satay to it. It was hard to tell there was any satay on it unless you really swoosh it around on your tongue,

The pan fried noodles was also delicious. It had a nice crisp and the sauce softened it up just a tad and didn't make it mushy. The sauce was also tasty, 

I will be back and be bringing the family next time. :-)
The one time we decided to try a new place (rather than our usual Sang Kee), we came to M Kee...and were sorely disappointed.

- Duck was dry, and mostly bones.  pretty much all bones, actually.  Not much skin, not much meat...which is not much good.
- Congee--was a huge disappointment.  Lukewarm, not much flavor, and it seemed like they had some plain congee in back, and just threw the preserved egg in last-minute.  Honestly, the one I make at home is 10x better.
- You tiao (fried bread sticks)--this was the worst.  Cold (not even warm...like actually room temp), tough, and stale--I wouldn't be surprised if it had been sitting around since the morning of the day before.  Seriously guys?  pop it in an oven or toaster or SOMETHING.

I don't even remember what else we ordered...but at that point, my mind was already made up--in the case of congee and duck, stick with tried and true Sang Kee.
To begin with, I don't expect much from Philly's Chinatown. I grew up in California with amazing Chinese food, and have visited Hong Kong several times where the food is always phenomenal. So when I review Philly Chinatown, I essentially give them a handicap.. which probably means this is really a 3-star review but I'm giving them 4 stars.

I had been craving Chinese breakfast food, specifically congee and dim sum. I've walked past M Kee multiple times, noting a good number of customers frequenting the place. Finally I decided to give it a try on a weekday morning, already planning what I'd order:

Congee with roast duck
Beef cheong fun (rice roll stuffed with beef)
Za leong (Chinese donut wrapped in rice roll)

My food all came out nice and hot. The congee was delicious and I was impressed by the roast duck. There were good chunks of meat/skin, without too much fat. Served with a side of sauce. Definitely getting this again!

Beef cheong fun was ok. The rice roll is a bit thick, but overall, when you can't get much better in Philly, it will do.

Za leong was also ok. The dish was huge, which was a nice surprise. Again the rice roll is a bit thick, but the Chinese donut was great. It was hot and crispy.

The meal did come with complimentary hot tea. I didn't realize they also serve soybean milk, or I would have tried it. The server was very nice and the food came out pretty quickly. My bill came out to $12.75, which wasn't bad for a nice brunch for one, with leftovers! Definitely coming back again to check out the rest of the menu (wonton noodle soup, and 3 meat dishes).
Probably the least Americanized of any Cantonese restaurant in Chinatown. Overall, I like this restaurant, but most I have taken here are not fans. They find the food "weird," but I personally enjoy it quite a bit.

But I think their congee is really good, as are some of their soups. I particularly like the soy sauce and chicken too. Service is decent by Chinatown standards, and really nice sliced meats too.

Favorite Dishes:

Congee: Roast pork, sliced beef, roast duck (best place for congee in Philly IMO)

Appetizers: Roast Pork, BBQ Spare Ribs (good), Roast Duck, Roast Pig (outstanding), Vegetable with Oyster Sauce

Fried Rice: Young Chow, Roast Pork, Diced Chicken with Anchovy

Soup: Wonton Noodle, Roast Pork Noodle, Soy Chicken Noodle

Hong Kong Style Noodle: Ginger and Scallion Noodles

Meat on Rice: Roast Duck, Marinated Cuttlefish

Pan-Fried Noodles: Seafood Noodles

Seafood: Dungeness Crab
One day I was craving for wonton noodles and roasted duck so this restaurant met 2 of my wishes.
Everything was great except from the broth, it had no tastes in it what so ever. It was extremely bland like I was eating noodles out of water.
However the duck was very good, they roasted it themselves in the kitchen. They also got chicken, whole pig and pork chop! Remind me the day when I lived in Hongkong.
I went there around lunch time and saw that they were supe busy, especially for the takeouts!
If you like to eat roasted duck go check it out you won't regret it! Even my white husband loves it（had words against my chicken feet though).
They got quite a big menu so I showed it below.
We have been coming back again and again to M Kee on Race Street.  It has by far the best Roast Pork on Rice and Roast Duck in Philly's Chinatown!!
First time try this restaurant in Chinatown located in Philadelphia, pretty small restaurant located in the middle of china town ! All I can tell you they using a lot of MSG , I am very sensitive on it , the roast pig is ok ,soy sauce chicken and the roast pork is so so , the worsted is the beef with chow fun and the congee ! Sorry I won't come back !
