Why can't I go higher than 5 stars for this review?  I quit , I am not going to continue with this soon to be awesome review. Oh I am just kidding my fellow mac and cheese addicts, you know I have to give Mac Mart their props. 

They say if at first you don't succeed, try again until one is successful.  I think that is it, or maybe something of that nature. I came on opening day to only find out they were sold out of this creamy cheesy goodness by 6 pm.  I mean c'mon, this is probably some of the best mac and cheese out there, I wouldn't expect nothing less coming from Mac Mart. 

I could place the blame on Mac Mart for dropping the ball in not having enough, but I won't. I could also place the blame on mother nature for the rainy day. This is where every idiot was out there driving, causing accidents, and jam ups making me late, but I won't though.  I will say this, my second visit made it even more pleasurable where the expectations were met.  

Mac Mart, I am clearly infatuated with your mac and cheese. A cheesy decadent bowl of gratification is what you'll be diving into. Mac Mart has their well known signature bowls, their concocted blends that will seriously have you saying " I want that one, and this one" . They also have a make a bowl where the options are endless, and there goes any kind of self control you think you might have. I am strong and secure enough to say it happened to me, I fell victim to this.  

I went with their Wit Mac, which by the way was not an easy decision to make. A "Wit Mac" bowl is prepared with  cheesesteak, caramelized onions and a potato crunch laying over top. So friggin good, but I added bacon, along with sriracha to this work of art. My masterpiece has now been completed ,and I was in heaven. I seriously wanted to get another one to go, but this time I wanted to get their Crabby Mac, BBQ Bowl ,Cowboy bowl and their well known Marts Mac. That one is a 7 cheese blend by the way, and you can never go wrong with the original.  

The prices are up there, as Stephanie had mentioned with being in the city I can see why. You are also getting a pound of mac and cheese with toppings to fulfill ones appetites, or desires. The crew in here are all in sync , making sure there is a constant fluid pace, feeding the on-goers . These guys have always been jammed packed with those cheese crazed patrons (myself included). If it isn't that well known pink truck feeding the masses through out the city, it's now to their store.   

Mac Mart you guys provide a cheesy, creamy, goodness that needs to be revisited over and over again. Keep up with the great work guys, and I can't wait to see you at Night Market, on the streets, or maybe in your store.
Love this new little nook and all the inventive ways they spin macaroni and cheese! I see some complaints that it's "pricey" for mac n cheese, but I don't agree - each item on the menu is less than $10, which is a great deal when you compare it to restaurant prices for the same thing. In addition, their "flavors" are all so creative - my friends and I ordered quite the variety so as to get a good sampling.

My personal favorite (and the group's): In the Buff, AKA the buffalo chicken mac n cheese. The creamy ranch and buffalo buffer the richness of the cheese w/ just enough spicy kick and give it this savory goodness that makes you take bite after bite. I want to go back to Mac Mart and eat In the Buff all day every day.

Runner-up: Roasted Red Pesto - if you like veggies and pesto, this is the one for you! The Jalapeno Popper is great for those of you who like spicy and cheesy. The Rittenhouse is reminiscent of spinach and artichoke dip - creamy and rich. I don't think you can go wrong at Mac Mart, each option on the menu looks great! I'll definitely be coming back to fill in my punch card (buy 10 get 1 free!).

Tip for the owners, if they see this: I love the tupperware and I'll definitely be re-using mine! To be eco friendly, it might be a good idea to offer some small discount for people who bring their tupperware back. Just a thought!
First off, Mac Mart is my favorite food truck in Philly. So the fact that they were opening a brick and mortar location literally around the corner from my office... oh man you can bet your mac and cheese I was friggin excited! 

The store is just like the truck with an amazing selection of mac and cheese bowls packed into a cute little shop! Of course they couldn't deny that signature bright pink truck and the to-go bags are the same beautiful hue you can proudly carry around Center City that says heck yeah I just got some amazing mac and cheese, BE JEALOUS!

Ok so the mac is amazing, just like the truck! They've got quite a few options and even a build-your-own. I've been here a few times - the last time I got the wit and the time before that was jalapeno of some sort. The wit was awesome... I mean really, how can you deny yourself cheesesteak wit onions, drizzled in ketchup, panko, and crushed potato chips, all on top of the warmest most gooiest most delciously creamiest mac n cheese ever!

Seriously, this stuff is good. Like way more than a little bit. I like it a lot. A lot a lot a lot! As others have noted, it is on the pricey side but then again so is their truck for what you get so it's really not far off base. My ONLY wish is that they offered a smaller portion size! Sometimes I could just go for a mac snac (go ahead, steal that please - Mac Snac TM).

Go eat the mac, right now!
Philadelphia locals, forget your New Year's resolutions, and get ready to indulge in the ULTIMATE comfort bowl of Mac N' Cheese. 
Craving that killer Mac N' Cheese, from Mac Mart food truck, but put off by the possibility of waiting in line for hours to do so?
Well, wait no more, and look no further than Rittenhouse. Mac Mart, is now (officially!) a storefront on 18th street across the Di Bruno Bros. Mac Mart's Mac N' Cheese has been very popular and high in-demand, over the past three years, and still patrons( including me) waits for over an hour for a bowl of heavenly Mac N' Cheese.

Mac Mart has a simple menu. You can build your own bowl of one pound of outrageously good Mac N' Cheese before you select your personal favorite toppings, or get one of the their classic creative bowls. With their cafeteria-style ordering, in just a few minutes, you'll be another proud and happy consumer of Mac Mart, as I always am.

I didn't realize that their legendary Crabby Mac is under the Build-a-bowl section, for some reason I assumed it might be one of their seasonal. So, I tried Mac Mart's Rittenhouse bowl "a classic" that included spinach and artichoke dip (mouthwatering), and Roasted Red Peppers "classic" ( delicious, too.) It's good to change up the classics, as we know them, every now and then, and give them the justice they deserves.
It takes incredible ingredients to create incredible ooey-gooey, piping hot Macaroni and Cheese, that leaves you feeling not just happy, but also cheesy, excited, dreamy, fantastic and of course, incredible!

Four and Half Yelps.
Oh my! There is nothing more manly than mac and cheese in a pink bag.  I'm secure enough about my sexuality to say I've got heaven in a pink bag! From Night Market, to going down to Love Park  just to get another taste of the goods is well worth it. 

Mac and Cheese , I mean you can't go wrong in what ever route you choose to go with. You have your "Marts Mac" in, I'm gonna hit you with this 7 different types of cheesy, creamy goodness topped with a potato chip crunch. I know right, or if you want to bang out their "Barbecue Bowl" with chicken and cornbread mixed in there with their BBQ sauce that they add on top of this work of art. Just capitol D to the amn.. Just DAMN that is bangin! The concoctions alone  will have anyone going crazy for this. Myself I loved the BBQ Bacon bowl, and the Cowboy Bowl. It is safe to say which ever bowl you go with it is a winner. 

I will give you a minute to wipe the drool coming from your mouth before I continue. 

Mac Mart is always on point with the different ways they can make mac and cheese better. I almost forgot to mention they have a grilled cheese they rock out. "Return of the Mac" and yea there is mac and cheese in this sandwich. 

Their Mac and Cheese Kung Foo is very strong, I highly recommend giving them a shot if you already haven't. A great crew works in this truck, offering you the best option (which is all of it) is what you'd encounter. If you are lactose intolerant, load up on those cheese pills and great ready to experience greatness in a cup/bowl.
*update: still just as great almost a year after first trying it. The Jalapeño popper flavor is fantastic, especially if you get cornbread crumbs on top. Just the right level of spicy and creamy


Love love it. Ability to change toppings and sauces, add a crunch, or pick from their creations is great. The cowgirl is my favorite. At the time was a special but I think you can order it. Good mac, tasty cheese with the right gooey consistency, and very filling
This is absolutely one of my favorite places ever. I used to frequently them back when they were a food truck. Now Marti opened up a Mac and cheese shop in rittenhouse. 

It's not big, seats maybe 5 ppl, facing the window so you can people watch while you eat. But it's clean inside and they usually have music playing. 

The staff is nice and extremely professional. I love how fast they respond. 

But the Mac and cheese is off the hook!!!! It's not traditional, which makes it more fun and a bit different. I've been getting crabby Mac for about 4/5 years and I recently tried the build your own w/ ranch drizzle and OMG, it's worth a try. 

The pricing isn't expensive (to me). They range from 8+. The most expensive is the lobster Mac with garlic herb compound butter which is 13+ and comes in a smaller container. BUT they do give a great portion of lobster so it evens out. Additionally, their green containers are reusable, dishwasher and microwave safe. 

COVID restrictions: 
-you can't sit inside so they have a table set up outside which blocks the door. 
-call or text +1 (215) 444-6144 to place your order and they will have it ready when you get there. 
-orders can also be placed online.
-if you walk up and order it literally takes less than 2 minutes for them to take your order, make it & charge you (time it lol). 
-the ladies have been making suburb and NJ contactless delivery to their customers. You pay using venmo, they post their schedule on Instagram @macmart 
-they've also been delivering meals to our heroes in scrubs
I wanted to like this place but alas. 

I gave this place two tries. My first trip I got the Heart Attack - bacon, caramelized onion, and the panko chip crumble. The second time I had plain Mac with the crumble. 

I have to say I REALLY like the crunch topping which is just panko bread crumbs and ruffles chips. Carry on Mac Mart! Onions though were pretty gross. 

My main issue is that the macaroni and cheese base has a plastic-esque taste. Just takes fake and cheap - which is problematic considering it's generally over $10 for a bowl. The portion is generous but still - its pasta and cheese at the end of the day.

One positive - virtual high five for being green. While they do give you your order in take away containers (reusable and convenient for left overs!) they hire a company to sort their trash to make sure they are all recycled properly. 

About 8 chairs for seating. A bit of a sterile-feeling atmosphere. 

It works well as a quick meal but I still hate myself for eating this. This is not feel-good crappy comfort food.
Breakup?
Might I suggest the Heart Attack Mac (bacon and caramelized onions) to mask the taste of your tears.

Rough day at work?
Try the in the buff (buffalo chicken and ranch), which you can eat as its name suggests, while perusing LinkedIn for new jobs.

Girls Night?
Keep it classy with the Rittenhouse (spinach and artichoke dip meets mac, for your "healthy" friends).

Forgot to make something for game day?
How about the Jalapeno Popper? Jalapeno infused mac with creamy cheese dip that's jalapeno business.

Feeling nostalgic for your study abroad semester in Italy but still love America?
Barclay Basil Chicken Pesto (with fresh mozz) is your new amore.

Control Freak?
Build your own frankenmac with toppings like hot dogs, pesto chicken, bacon, philly cheesesteak, TATER TOTS, crab dip, other cheeses (bleu and mozz) and healthy things like tomatoes, roasted red peppers (if you want to pretend you're not about to eat 2 days worth of calories in one sitting), and top it off with an assortment of crunchy toppings (old bay chips, panko, fried onions).

The possibilities are endless but all of them end in you feeling bad about yourself for indulging in this gloriousness (and spending at least $9 on a jacked up side dish). The mac is rich and gooey and delicious, but there's only so many times I can see myself eating here (see above). The takeout containers (aside from a few seats, they primarily do takeout) that are microwavable are a nice touch (and yes, you'll need to eat this in at least 2 settings). 

It's restaurants like this that made me want to get my citizenship. Long live America, and long live Mac Mart.
Mac Mart  is another one of those places that I first tried in food truck form (https://www.yelp.com/biz/mac-mart-food-truck-philadelphia), and was thrilled for when it got a well deserved brick and mortar location in Rittenhouse Square. As an long admitted slacker it took me far longer to go then I intended, but when I did it led to a lunch that was perfect for grabbing on the go and eating in the park.

For better or worse there are some of those who might compare grabbing a huge dish of mac & cheese for lunch to getting a tattoo. And those people might compare getting  a dish of Heart Attack Mac & Cheese with bacon, caramelized onions, and potato panko crunch for lunch to getting No Ragrets emblazoned upon your neck (https://media1.tenor.com/images/033dafc252262f1142e74f14c54a7257/tenor.gif?itemid=5447006)! But there was something about that crispy bacon and panko crunch alongside gooey cheese that made itabsolutely delicious. And the portion was also big enough to last through dinner!

The not as adventurous eater will enjoy the classic mac just fine. But the even more adventurous might find solace in loading theirs with Philly cheesesteak toppings, jumbo lump crab, Margherita pizza toppings, basil chicken, and then some! And if you pay with your card through Square they might even just hook you up with some future discounts in the process ;)
I was excited to try the Mac Mart after seeing them in a video on Facebook.  Macaroni & Chese is my all time favorite side dish, and hearing about a place that takes it and turns time into different variations of entrées, immediately peaked my interest ... What's even better is that they deliver, so on a lazy Sunday, a friend and I looked over the menu and ordered some food. 

I got an "In the Buff" buffalo chicken mac & chesse, and a "Crabby Mac".  To my disappointment, they were not as great as I was expecting. I prefer to have so much cheese in my macaroni you can see it stretch out everytime you pull a spoonfull away from the bowl, and these mac and cheeses were lacking that. The toppings could have also had a more generous portion for the price.

All in all, they were tasty just lacking in the amount of overall ingredients for me, which is surely a preference. I say try the mac mart for yourself and decide if it's something you like or not, because this place seems to be pretty popular.
Philly seems to be sprouting all kinds of yummy new restaurants and eateries all over the city! I wasn't initially familiar with the Mac Mart food truck, so when I first saw this cute storefront with its clean and modern look, I was confused as to whether it was a mac 'n cheese place or a French macaron place. Turns out, it's a mac 'n cheese place with some of the best mac 'n cheese I've ever tasted!

For a (mainly) take-out place, it's a bit pricy, but I'm making 2 meals out of my Barclay basil chicken bowl (over $11 with tax). Everything tasted fresh (for mac 'n cheese), flavorful, and delicious. The pesto was legit. You could taste the basil leaves and garlic, but it was not too overpowering. There was plenty of cheese sauce. The portion was very generous and well-balanced, with plenty of chicken and fresh mozzarella pieces on top. They do have a handful of seats for eating in and some options under $10. Overall, great new addition to the neighborhood to counter the onslaught of healthy new eateries that have been opening around here lately.
This place is beyond amazing. In the buff aka the buffalo mac & cheese is just magical. The free tupperware is also a huge plus! The staff was very friendly & helped me with my decision. I can't wait to come back here & try everything else. 5 stars.
tl;dr the brick-and-mortar location of a popular food truck, pumping out a sophisticated take on a childhood classic

Mac & Cheese: an American staple that even the pickiest of children grew up loving. It's the dish that you crave out of nowhere, and that can immediately transport you back to your childhood. And Mac Mart capitalizes on the nostalgia, serving up the adult version of this family favorite, operating under the slogan "Not Your Mama's Mac." So it's no surprise that the original food truck was popular enough to launch a physical location.

The pink neon sign and bright interior beckon you in, and the aromas of cheese and bacon keep you hooked once inside. A sleek white bar with clear, plastic stools lies along the front window, while a few banana-yellow tables and chairs are situated outside. A digital menu on the left wall displays all of the mac and cheese options that your heart could desire. The friendly staff members make affable small-talk while helping to answer any questions. Choose to eat-in or carry-out in one of Mac Mart's handy, microwave-safe Tupperware. In a matter of seconds, the employee behind the bar will scoop you a hearty serving of mac and cheese (I weighed it, and it's nearly a pound!), and you'll be on your way.

In the past, I have enjoyed the Heart Attack Mac and the In the Buff. Both the bacon and the buffalo chicken provide a robust flavor to complement the mac and cheese base. The cheese itself is gooier and more intricate-tasting than Kraft packets. Moreover, the panko provides an interesting texture and a blast of salt to contrast the soft macaroni.  My only critique is that I wish the macaroni had some crunchy edge-bits or a charred top, but, alas, it's produced in large batches.

This last visit, I decided to try take-out, and I ordered the Crabby Mac. By the time I returned home, the ensemble, unfortunately, had become lukewarm, and the panko had lost its characteristic crunch. Although the first bites were exciting, channeling the robust flavors of crab and Old Bay along with the mac and cheese that I have grown to love, as time wore on the dish began to lose its zing. Definitely opt to sit in and eat it fresh if you can, because otherwise, your meal won't live up to the hype.
Long story short, I received the incorrect container size for a Mac that my husband picked up and it seemed as though the containers were changed. Instead of the owner reaching out to come to a resolution she decided to take it to social media via FB and Instagram. 

Let the bad business practices continue..  After Mac Mart was upset about the last review about the downsize of their containers they decided to post it on FB. They also decided to change all their Instagram and FB posts in support of their reasoning as to why the container was smaller. Instead of just admitting they were wrong an accidentally gave the wrong size out.  Here's some SS to prove it, and this just shows that they do in fact like to their customers. At least on Yelp the business has to pay for bad reviews to be removed instead of just deleting photos on the Google reviews.  Btw Mac Mart, you could have just reached out, apologized and handle this in a professional manner and I would have changed my review but instead it remains as is.
I don't understand how this place has 4 stars. Y'all are either hella nice or you came in here for a drunken snack.

I am a mac and cheese fan. It's my favorite food. I might even be a connoisseur. But this places gives mac and cheese a bad name. 

Everything seems (is?) microwaved. The potato chip crumbs are different but reminiscent of a kid crushing chips into his sandwich at lunch time. And whether you dine in or eat out your mac and cheese is delivered to you in a Ziploc or Rubbermaid style food storage container.

Also, the place is nearly always empty. There's your sign. It's not good. You think it's going to be a good idea because it's macaroni and cheese and you can't go wrong with that. But save yourself the disappointment. 

Not worth it. Panera has better mac and cheese.
Probably ordered the wrong combo. I ended ul getting the chicken ranch mac. The mac itself was good and cheesy. The ranch threw me off and I  found the panko mix over seasoned.  If I stop by again I would create my own bowl
I saw on Philly.com that a new Mac and Cheese place was opening near my office so I had to try it out.   The place is clean and cute but did not have much of a seating area so we had to  take it to go.  

The layout is backwards.  The line was out the door instead of streaming it thru the restaurant so I held the door for a  few people (no choice) and I was the 4th person in line.  Perhaps they can use one of those line leader things where it helps people stand in line in the store?

The mac and cheese was GOOD/TASTY but it was warm.  I'm not sure if it was because it was I had not choice but to take it to go or because it was just not hot enough.  I'm thinking the latter.    I have to say that adding the topping made the meal much tastier.   

The price was a bit much but the portion was enough for 2 meals... $11 for a bowl of mac and cheese.   It's tasty but not an everyday lunch place especially since the $11 excluded a drink and a place to eat my meal.
Full disclosure: I fell in love with MacMart shortly after moving to Philly in 2013 via social presence alone & never got the chance to try the delicious mac [due to insane lines when MacMart was able to serve lunch @ Love Park; my lunch break couldn't fit both a walk from Rittenhouse Sq Park to Love Park PLUS the insanely long lines that more often than not lead to complete sell outs when you were lucky enough to be standing in the line; which is saying a lot bc I typically got 45 minute lunches and I don't punch a time clock]

So, when I ordered my very first MacMart, it was via The Oval in 2014 & and I was one of the lucky few that got to order before sellout, but of course by the time I was able to order, my preferred mac (Spinach Artichoke) was sold out, so I went for #2 choice, BBQ.  My mac was cold. I paid over $10 for mac & cheese (usually 99 cents for a box, throw in a few extra cents for the extra cheese & condiments this mac chef adds, & still you are under $3 net by far)  AND IT WAS COLD. I didn't complain at all at the time; I felt so lucky to have even been given the opportunity to order in the first place after all the Love Park sellouts I experienced, so who was I to complain, this is what happens when everyone wants the same thing.  

Well, fast forward a year, year & a half - to the day of the announced soft opening of the brick & mortar store...  it's POURING BUCKETS of rain outside. But I don't care. How many unsuccessful lines have I stood in at this point for MacMart with NO SUCCESS unless you count the one bowl of NOT SPINACH ARTICHOKE BUT BBQ MAC & NOT JUST REG BBQ MAC BUT COLD BBQ MAC?! My boyfriend & I see the neon in the window was we are hunched under the same umbrella & feel relief... "oh my goodness, the rain kept the other Mac maniacs away, we can actually order quality mac in peace.."

So we thought. We walked in to the small, smart, clean place with 3+ employees with their elbows on the counters just waiting for some business to be told, "Whoops, sorry, the soft opening day is being pushed back due to the City permit situation". My external voice said "Oh, okay.  Thanks."  while my internal voice said "OH OKAY WELL GREAT OF YOU TO ANNOUNCE A SOFT OPENING ON SOCIAL MEDIA WHEN YOU DIDN'T EVEN HAVE CLEARANCE FROM THE CITY YET BC #1 MY BF WOULDN'T HAVE TRAVELED THROUGH SO MANY NEIGHBORHOODS TO MEET ME FOR LUNCH OR #2 I WOULD'VE HAD LUNCH DELIVERED TO MY OFFICE SO I WOULDN'T HAVE HAD TO TRAVERSE THROUGH THE WETTEST DAY PHILADELPHIA HAS SEEN ALL YEAR JUST FOR A BOWLFUL OF DISAPPOINTMENT"

So, MacMart (Brick & Mortar) opens & for the first few weeks I see lines down the block to get in. Well, within the first couple of weeks I happen to walk by at a non-peak time with a coworker & seeing no line, I convince her to try it out. I FINALLY get my first taste of Spinach Artichoke mac (a la the Rittenhouse or whatever they call it now). We are kind of rushed through the line and I kind of have sticker-shock over my total, but maybe 4 bites in I'm beyond stuffed & realize this carb-overload will feed me for a few meals making the outrageous price forgivable.

This experience leads me to talking my very-unimpressed-due-to-the-soft-opening-snafu-boyfriend in to meeting me there for lunch shortly thereafter, as I foolishly thought the staff must've learned how to handle crowds at this point. I show up late-ish for lunch-time 1:30 to 2:30ish, unimpressed bf in tow.... we finally decide on our mac orders, and then as we hand over the cc, I present the Mac Mart "punch" card I was given at my first-ever brick & mortar Mac visit... only to be told despite SPENDING OVER TWENTY DOLLARS ON MAC & CHEESE that day for two orders, you can only get one initial (i.e punch) per visit, regardless of # of mac bowls on your order.  

Let me just break that logic down via capitals for everyone, because surely nobody sticks with a review for this long. MAC MART DOESN'T CARE IF YOU ARE GIVING THEM 1 EXTRA LOYAL CUSTOMER BESIDES YOURSELF, OR TWO, OR FIVE, OR TEN (equivalent to $20 dollars worth of mac, or $30, or $60, or $110) YOU ONLY GET ONE PUNCH PER VISIT & THAT IS THAT.  Of course, to redeem said punches for a free bowl of mac, that means you had to have spent a BARE MINIMUM of $100 on mac & cheese (that's using $10 as an average, if you got JUST naked mac EVERY SINGLE TIME & JUST BY YOURSELF you could spend a mere $82.50) then and only then are you entitled to a delicious bowl of Mac on the house.  

That particular experience of receiving just one "punch" despite bringing multiple customers on-board led me to the realization that I somehow got sucked into the Philly food scene hype, and that it was BEYOND overrated. I have top notch culinary skills myself, and if I find myself in the mood to overload on carbs, I can save myself roughly $5 per bowl of mac even if I buy every extravagant cheese & condiment & topping possible. TL;DR, make your own mac if you can boil noodles & mix in 5 - 10 ingredients.
Heard a lot about Mac Mart over the past few years, so a friend and I stopped in for lunch today; and it was A-OK.

You can see that this is a small place, so seating is very limited to about 6 people inside and 6 people outside (when the weather is nice). 

Everything on the menu is built around a sandwich-sized plastic container of mac & cheese. How others write that they get 2 meals out of this, is beyond me; but my tummy was nearly satisfied by the sized dish that it is.

You have a number of interesting entree choices, based upon the combination of meats, veggies, dressings and other assorted toppings.

I went with one of the more meaty options - the Wit Mac: mac & cheese with shredded steak, caramelized onions, potato chip pano crunch, and a ketchup drizzle.

The meat and toppings were delicious, as was the mac & cheese base, but a little too sparse of the meat for my preference. One could also add meats to their dish for additional price, or create a bowl by choosing their own toppings.

Like others have said, the macaroni was served al dente - with a nice firm texture, rather than overcooked and falling apart into mush. So the macaroni is perfect. And the seven-cheese sauce was great also.

The fountain drink choices were quite limited - pepsi, ginger ale, root beer, some super-sweet cherry drink, and something else I forget. But you could also get a bottled water or other container drink.

The Wit Mac plus fountain drink was a pricey $13.50.

Mac Mart is great for what it is, and for those who love to get their mac & cheese fix in a quick way.
I've been here a few times and always hope for the best. Mac & cheese is definitely one of my favorite foods. Mac Mart is a cool spot to grab & go if you need a cheesy noodle fix.

I tried the crabby mac with bacon. I appreciate the concept of Mac Mart but the taste is just meh.

The employee there was nice.
I should have continued to walk past the bright neon lights. My girl friend was crazy enough to order 3 different kinds, after a day of bar crawl drinking. I, much more hesitant. 

The interior, and the staff are just as cold and bland as the mac itself. Tupperware is a no, especially at such a steep price. I don't care about taking containers home or that they're dishwasher safe. The noodles weren't cooked thoroughly, and an overall disappointment. As Albert Einstein said, "Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results."
Very cute space and a really nice touch with the to-go containers and bags. Employees were also exceptionally nice and service was fast.

That said, I was underwhelmed by the mac and cheese itself - I found the garlic panko topping to over power the entire dish. I tried to remove as much as I could but still couldn't get past that flavor.

I was really hoping since this place was mac and cheese only, it would be THEE spot for it. I continue to prefer Parc and Dandelion for mac and cheese - both filling and priced well.
Bf and I shared the rittenhouse which is Mac and cheese with a dollop of spinach and artichoke and Panko crunch. The portion is huge, thank god we only got one. A rich dish but super good! If you're smart you would not build your own, you'll end up spending so much more on it than you'll like. Service was quick and staff was friendly. They use really good plastic containers which I hope is recycled because that's a lot plastic.
Meh. 4 star review on Yelp? I wonder how this happened. I was really happy to see a place labeled as the "Mac n Cheese Haven" ... until I had it tonight. Lacking cheese and flavor. I was eyeballing the place for salt and pepper. MAYBE it was days old. MAYBE I came on a late night? I'm not sure. But all I could think was: How could you mess this up? The young couple next to me commented the same. It kind of tasted like the cheese was a powder mix. And I agree w/other reviews- pricey for macaroni; $8.25 for just the plain original. To the Yelpers: If your craving some truly delicious Mac n Cheese, go to Max Brenner!!! You'll thank me.
I have walked past Mac Mart quite a few times and have always been meaning to try it well tonight was the night!

I studied the menu pretty intensely and was going to go with the Cowboy (Classic Mac infused with jalapeño oil, crispy bacon, cornbread crunch & Pam Pam's buttermilk ranch) I could not pull the trigger on it as every ingredient would make me feel guilty eating such a meal. I went with the Crabby Mac and added the Basil Pesto Chicken.

I mean its what you expect a gluttanous meal that comes out quick like an order at WaWa. It does the trick but wasn't magical in my opinion.

The owner started this business with a food truck and hats off to him as he has a pretty dam good menu online where you can even order party trays of Mac N' Cheese for as much as $140 for a large tray (they serve 20-30 people).

I can't come back here as its just too unhealthy. That being said look at there sandwich called "Return of The Mac", Mac N' Cheese on buttered Texas Toast! If I could turn back time I would go with that monster of a sandwich as that would fill anyone and it is the ultimate comfort food am I wrong....mouth drooling.

So as I pass this restaurant establishment in the future I respect the business entrepreneur but I do not see myself returning unless I get insanely drunk and want to soak up the liquor with "Return of The Mac".
The long awaited Mac Mart store front has finally arrived!! I've been waiting forever for this!! I'm the biggest fan of the Mac Mart truck, rated 5 stars by me every time.

I would love to give this new store 5 stars also, but I'm docking a star for 2 reasons:
1) I paid $0.50 extra to add diced tomatoes in my Mac, but when I got back to my office and opened the container, there was no tomatoes inside. Bummer, I'm not going to walk back to the store after I've already returned to office from lunch break. 
2) The prices are definitely higher than the truck, but I guess that's a given since a storefront has to pay more overhead costs. Just a bummer paying $10-$12 for lunch when there's a lot of cheaper options around all the office buildings. 

But, what is amazing about Mac Mart still holds true: some of the cheesiest, most tasty Mac in Philly! The taste remains the same, amazing! The options on the menu are SOOO much more than the food truck. They have everything from BBQ, to Pesto, to basil/tomato, and of course the classic Ranch. They even added a new favorite of mine: creamy CRAB DIP with OLD BAY Panko crunchies!  Going back to my roots.. I friggin love Old Bay! Genious addition!

I think the new store just needs to work out kinks of making sure they deliver the items printed on the tickets. Because unlike the truck where you can see your order immediately in an open-faced paper bowl, this is different in a Tupperware container with a closed lid. Would also be nice if they offered a "half" size portion for a cheaper price. But maybe that can be a new addition later ;)  Overall, I friggin love Mac Mart!  Glad to see the storefront has finally arrived :)
A very decent bowl of mac n cheese, but nothing that special. You can build your own bowl, or go for a "classic creation". I got the Rittenhouse; topped w/ creamy sautéed spinach & artichoke dip.This flavors were very good, and the elbow mac were a nice consistency. I just wish there was more topping. The dish as a whole wasn't creamy, cheesy, or gooey enough. The potato chip panko crust made it even drier.
We had the heart attack! It was around $10.28. It was delicious but the mac felt a little undercooked. I'm giving it 3 stars just for the taste.
The bright rose pink truck, the energy, and the Mac'N Cheese - can you say YUM!?
I can't say enough about Mac Mart! 

So Mac'n Cheese? Hoo boy. Like many of you, I grew up in a house where macaroni and cheese was essential, no matter how it was made.

I discovered this magical pink truck for the first time last year, at the Night Market 2016 - South Street West. Right after my first bite, I knew I was in trouble. I immediately singed up to receive their FaceBook updates, and real-time tweets. Unsurprisingly, it was so hard to decide what to have then, with all of the mouthwatering options.

You can try the Marts Mac ( the classic 7 Cheese mac 'n' cheese), or the BBQ-in-a-bowl--anything would be delicious, really. Every.Single.Bite fills my growling little stomach with so much joy. It's just like the good old days, except better! 
Hoorah!

My personal favorite? The Crabby Mac. It's just so fan·tas·tic. 

Five Yelps!
Mac Mart is another food truck gone brick 'n mortar. I'm glad it did because now you can get this delicious macaroni everyday of the week but Sunday. Their attractive store on 18th Street has room inside or outside for eating.  Mac 'n cheese is a classic comfort food and when you taste their original seven cheese potato chip panko crunch macaroni, you'll know why!
Second time trying Mac Mart and was disappointed again. For $10 macaroni and cheese this really is not worth going out to get. The noodles are always stuck to each other and the cheese almost tastes like plastic -- really lacking flavor. 
I tried the The Rittenhouse option all you could taste was the panko bread crumbs.
Definitely a good treat, couldn't eat this everyday but WOW that buffalo chicken Mac is great! Walked by here for 6 months and finally went in! Next up I want to try the Jalapeño Popper MAC.
This place is amazing. I LOVE Mac and Cheese but I never waited in the long lines at the truck, I just drooled over the Instagram pictures and longed for the day I'd have more time/patience to wait. When I heard the store was opening I was beyond excited and finally got to try it on opening day. The Mac is so good and worth being a little on the pricy side. I love the microwavable containers because it is a lot of food and hard to finish. Location is super convenient and staff always friendly.
$12 for mac and cheese is pretty steep, especially considering that the serving size is maybe less than a pound. I had the "In the Buff," which is apparently the number one customer favorite here. The serving temperature was good, macaroni was a solid al dente texture, but the toppings were underwhelming. Additionally, for a 7 cheese mac, the flavor just is not there. The service is cold and unenthused. Layout is clean and no issues with seating.
So often the things that others rave about, I find to be mundane at best (see my opinions on Friends and Sienfield), I'm happy to say this one lived up to all the hype. The food was delicious and my palette and stomach were both supremely happy. I can't wait to come back!  So why four starts and not five? 

-.25 stars for the space (or lack thereof) the place really is tiny
-.25 for no pictures of the dishes on the menu, it can be overwhelming and they'd help ALOT
-.25 for the soda selection
-.25 for the hours. This place would make a KILLING if it were open just two more hours on the weekend. Don't get me wrong, it'd come with some headaches (just ask insomnia cookies) but as someone who gets off work later than most in center city just an hour or two more would rake in the profit.

All those minor nitpicks aside, do yourself a favor and come here. Light on the wallet and heavy on flavor
When Mac Mart was just a food truck, this place was so hyped up. I went to the food truck festival last year and waited in line for probably an hour for this mac and cheese. I think it tasted so good because I had been salivating for it for an hour in line. 

I'll admit that the potato chip panko is unique and the mac and cheese is good, but I really think this place was overhyped. 

My friends and I went to the actual restaurant back in September and we liked it. We loved that they gave us our food in reusable containers and we liked getting to be more creative with how we wanted our mac. However, it was still pretty average, just like my experience at the truck. 

I'm not saying I'll never be back to Mac Mart but I definitely have realized how much this place was talked up! If you go in there expecting to be mind blown, you'll be disappointed.
What a relief, no more 20 minute waits in line at the truck! That ALONE is worth what ever they are chargin at the store haha.  Just had my first bowl from the store, got the "wit mac" which is pornographic combination of really sweet perfected caramelized onions(love those onions!!) and a very nice portion of shredded cheesesteak steak, and of course that mysterious crunchy topping with a lil ketchup action too..I won't lie, I added more ketchup on mine when I got home.  Grabbed my order and drove 6 minutes to home base.  the meal was perfect once I opened the lid, you immediately tell yourself "ok eat half and save the other half for later" but I was like Ghandi fasting hungry and ended up housing the entire portion. It was devilishly delicious adventure direct to my stomach, surprised the flavor police haven't arrested the cooks at mac mart for making mac n cheese too delicious, its not fair, I cant make it like that at home haha!

Price- if I'm not mistaken its $2 more than it is at the truck, I recall the truck being $8, at the store it is $10, but you def 100% get your values worth and a free container and you get  bit more in the portion than the paper boat the truck offered!  Obviously the price went up because their location in center city is too good to be true, and I'm sure the rent there is no joke, like I said previously, im ok to pay $2 extra to not wait in 20 minute lines full of humans texting on smartphones. Plus if you are in car there are some legit "loading zones" around there with 30 minute limits so you don't have to pay the evil PPA just to get your mac mart on.

LOVE the appearance of this location, very groovy neon pink signs will warm the heart of any person, especially if you are stoned its a very pleasant tranquil atmosphere inside the lil shop, and very futuristic with the display monitor menu.  Was surprised a robot didn't hand me my food or something its so sci-fi in there!

Big ups to Marti and Garret for giving the city of Philadelphia truly special.  Mr.Oz loves it!  Will def make it a point to try every flavor variety, especially the rare lobster one!
This was my first time here at Mac Mart Restaurant and I loved it! I always hear about the food truck but I am glad that they finally have a restaurant. 

Menu was loaded with a variety of different mac and cheeses.
I ordered IN THE BUFF which was original mac and cheese with buffalo chicken chunks, Pam Pam's Buttermilk Ranch & potato chip panko crunch. It was really good but I think it was a little pricey it was $9.50 for a medium size mac and cheese. 

Also the restaurant was very tiny and there is not a lot places to sit. There was only 2 small tables outside but this will not be good when the winter comes. Overall, this a great place to eat original mac and cheese or try a different twist with mac and cheese they have:
BARCLAY BASIL CHICKEN BOWL
BBQ IN A BOWL
HEART ATTACK
COWBOY CUP
FAT-N-HAPPY
CORNDOG CUP
"WIT" MAC
THE RITTENHOUSE
JALAPENO POPPER BOWL
ROASTED RED PESTO
MARGHERTIA MAC
Ok, we clearly have some problems... we tried this place yesterday, lost our minds over how good it was, then drove back from Roxborough the next day. No joke, this place is heaven. Everything is so good and portions are huge. Well worth every dime. We live in VA now, but have family here, so we will make this a regular stop along with our other favorite restaurants. For now, we've got our to-go containers ready for indulging when we get to our bed at home lol. Oh man, we're so fat.
Don't ever go here unless you want the staff to screw up your to go order. And I was the only one in the restaurant at the time. Sure they refunded my money, but only after I walked back up there.
This would have been the place of my dreams as a kid. This place carries Mac and cheese and only Mac and cheese but not your mom's Kraft Mac and cheese. Flavors and combinations abound so if you're in Philly for a few days and are a real fan of Mac and cheese then you need to plan out your mealtimes so that you're in close proximity to this place during all eating windows. They're only open for lunch and dinner so you're on your own for breakfast.

I had the Rittenhouse which was Mac and cheese topped with creamy cheese, garlic sautéed spinach & artichoke dip, potato chip panko crunch. It was extremely good. Unfortunately since I discovered this place on my last night in Philly I didn't get a chance to go back to try anything else. To help round out your childhood dreams, this place also has cherry soda on tap so you can totally make Shirley temples.
Lately I have been eating pretty healthy, so I wanted to splurge and order something good.  I ordered the Heart Attack Mac because I wanted to go big.  It had bacon, caramelized onions and potato chips mashed into it.  If you love salty things you will be into this one.  I probably should have started with something more basic, but I have no regrets.  You can eat inside or outside, but they have limited seats here, so it is more of a to-go place.  They serve everything in a plastic to-go containers, even if you eat there.  They do recycle the containers or you can reuse them yourself.
Finally, a place where I can get mac and cheese on the go! I've been to their food truck before, but it's nice to have a brick and mortar restaurant to visit.

Although the prices seem a little steep at first glance, you have to realize that they're giving you a solid brick of mac and cheese -- something that you really shouldn't finish in one sitting but probably will anyway because it's so good. 

Their concept is simple: you can build your own or choose one of their "Classic Creations." I've never actually built my own bowl here since their creations are way too tempting. I've tried the "Corndog Cup" (great for corndog lovers AKA me), "BBQ in a Bowl" (a tad sweet, but still good) and the "Jalapeno Popper Bowl" (spicy, creamy, and awesome). 

Their mac and cheese itself is a little stiffer than the mac and cheese I'm used to; instead of being soft, the pasta here is harder, not quite al dente, but close. It makes the texture of their dishes more interesting instead of just straight cheesy mush. 

Overall, 4 Yelps. Great take out mac and cheese and great for people with self control who can stash away half of the container for a later meal.
Coworker wanted to go here and I said I was done. Was hoping they would have buff chick Mac and cheese and they did!

It was good not amazing. The buff chick was good, the sauces really worked, it wasn't too cheesy. I didn't like the breadcrumbs on top though. 

I don't know if that bowl of Mac cheese was worth the 10 bucks. I wouldn't go out of my way to go back here or recommend it to anyone but nothing stood out as negative. Staff was nice.
That 'Return of the Mac' sandwich is the TRUTH. I was a skeptic, but again...I see my coworkers go to certain places and it sparks my interest. That is some amazing Mac n Cheese. It just melts in your mouth...it's so creamy and flavorful..and then to pair it with Texas Toast...OMG. To be quite honest, I know good and well I'm lactose intolerant, but my stomach apparently loved this stuff (as cheesy as it was) cuz I haven't had ONE single issue since eating it earlier today. Lol. If that doesn't convince you to go, I don't know what will.
Very delicious and heavy.
The mac and cheese itself was very tasty. Good amount of thick cheesiness and paste was cooked perfectly to withstand the weight.
I created my own bowl, similar to the wit Mac bowl. Very good. My only qualm is that I added tater tots (+$1.25) thinking I could literally get tater tots, but what I got was some crunches. So not worth the add in- disappointing. Why isn't this a cheap crunch add in?
The chicken pesto bowl was very delicious as well.
Went during lunch  and it was pretty quick. Friendly service.
Overall, it's very good. It will fill your Mac and cheese craving. Pretty big portion considering Mac and cheese is so heavy. Pretty pricey though ($10-13 a bowl).
Worth the splurge for a treat once in a while.
I had been dreaming of going to Mac Mart for a little over a year and when I found out I was going to Philly I knew this had to be one of my stops. Mac n cheese is one of my all time favorite foods and I love kinds with variety and toppings. Mac mart did not disappoint all of my hopes and expectations. My friend and i each got one flavor and shared half of each so that we could try more than one option. We got the in the buff (buffalo chicken) and the cowgirl cup? I believe which was a bbq chicken with cornbread crumbs. I loved both of them but i think the bbq one was my favorite. I wish I could have spent all day there trying the whole menu. Not only were the toppings delicious, the base Mac n cheese was flavorful, creamy and cheesy. I will be back the next time I'm in philly to try more!
This place is still amazing. What's more amazing is that I actually found parking outside today. I have been coming to the location since it opened. 

While I love the storefront some days it is just impossible to find parking. The macaroni and cheese is always consistent and taste the same every single time. It is hands-down the best macaroni and cheese that you can find in the city of Philadelphia. I got the crabby Mac and it is my second time getting it.  My other favorite is the fat and happy. 

The prices did go up as I believe they were all eight dollars on the truck. Now they range from $9.00 to $10. But the differences now you get a fancy container and you don't have to wait in line for 25 minutes at a festival. 

This place is always well worth the 25 min drive from the suburbs
A place just for Mac and Cheese? Yes pl(ch)eeeeseee!  hearing about this place and I automatically knew I had to come and try it out. I really like the food! You get to build your own or select from the premade menu items! Cheesy? meaty options?satisfying?

the environment is great. The tables face towards the windows so u can look outside. The shop itself is pretty small so there aren't many tables, but that's alright. 

Food comes quick and price for Mac and cheese is alright I guess. I think it's a bit much for how much you get (pretty small) and it's not like it's the BEST Mac I've ever tasted though. I was expecting a bit more since this place specializes in Mac and cheese afterall. Still give this place a try though! It's still very delicious
I love Macaroni and Cheese! Like love it and I loved this place. Staff was pleasant. Inside is small with a few seats along the window. Some outside seating as well. I had the Crabby Mac. The portions are filling. I hope to be back soon!
I've been wanting to try Mac Mart for so long, and finally got the chance. I ordered the bbq chicken bowl ahead of time and it was ready right when I got there. It was delicious, creamy, and packed with flavor. The bbq chicken really hit the spot and added to the experience. There isn't much seating, so it depends on the time of day you go whether or not you'll snag a seat. While I definitely loved my order and think they offer creative and fun options, I would say it's pretty overpriced for what you get, and will probably not be somewhere I hit up regularly.
Holly Mac & Cheese!!! 

We happened to unintentionally stumble upon this place and I'm sooooooooooo happy I did!! It was right next door to a hookah spot that we went to and of course this was the best way to end the night. If every night ended with Mac & Cheese (especially by Mac Mart)... life would be PERFECT!!!

Speaking of perfect, I need to address Mac Mart's ability to stand out as a business. Taking something as simple ass mac & cheese and mastering the product is exceptionally genius. Their appearance is on point and very clean. Their packaging is spectacular. I love having the little container to go and be able to reuse it for other purposes. Also, their customer service is remarkable. 

We were only in there for about 10 minutes. I decided to go with the Crabby Mac, which was delicious. A homeless man walked in and was disturbing the peace. But the girls that worked there were very alert and asked the man to leave right away. Then checked on all the customers to make sure everyone was okay. I found that this situation spoke volumes. Made me feel safe and their customer service left a great impression on me. I can't wait to come back for more mac & cheese!!
Love this place!! My go tos are either the marts Mac  or the wit mac. The Marts Mac is the regular Mac and cheese with Parmesan Panko crumbles. The wit Mac is the regular Mac and cheese but with rib eye steak, caramelized onions and ketchup aka a cheesesteak Mac and cheese! Both are delicious and large portions. If you are creative you can make your own Mac and cheese with different add ins. The Mac and cheese comes in these convenient to go containers so you can take home leftovers! Although it's so yummy you probably won't have many! 

The decor is really cute with neon pink lights. The only reason I deducted one star is because the price is a bit much when it's just Mac and cheese and the hours. It's not open on Sunday's which is generally the day I'm lazy and want Mac and cheese! Overall I recommend it for some yummy Mac and cheese!
The best and creamiest Mac and cheese in Philly!! I am so happy I found this place in Rittenhouse. The set up inside reminds of a chipotle style where you can choose your toppings and create your own Mac and cheese creation! I ordered the special of the day which was the Honey Sriracha Chicken bowl. The chicken was topped with a crispy French onion topping, a drizzle of the homemade Pam Pam's buttermilk ranch, and layered over the classic 7-cheese Mac and cheese base. So good and perfect for rainy days!
The food was good, usually I expect the mac n' cheese to be like..meh, especially after sitting for a long time. Ya know, like when you try and heat up your own and it just tastes...not good? But I even took home my left overs and it tasted fine warmed up. The décor is cold, and very cafeteria-ish. I wouldn't sit here to eat my meal because I don't like the décor. I've passed this place 8 million times because of it's central location and eventually I couldn't think of somewhere to get a quick bite, so I went here. I'd recommend it for take-out, the plastic containers are awesome and I've def reused them for other purposes. However, if you are overwhelmed by options or you don't like a lot of "things" on your food, try just getting it with no toppings or anything. I got the crab mac n'cheese and it was super yum!
I've been a fan of them since they were a food truck. I first tried their Mac in University City. The food here is consistently great. I love spice/heat so my favorite thing to do is add is their jalapeño oil or extra jalapeño to the whichever Mac I order. This isn't like Southern or baked mac & cheese, but it's perfect for cheese lovers, and the topping combos are endless. Oh and the staff who work here have great customer service which is always a plus.
Cannot say enough positive things about this place. Photos are of look inside. Cool decorations and I love the sign on the outside. I've passed this place before and have been meaning to go in, and I finally got the chance to this weekend. 

My family and I had ordered a total of 3 macs, Chicken Bacon Ranch, GF Mac with Tater Tots (the one from the menu that is normally tots+panko crunch+ketchup, minus ketchup and crunch), and BBQ in a bowl. 

I called ahead to check on the status of the GF noodles, and they handled it extremely well and I was very pleased. Also very well priced! Absolutely will be going here again with friends!! 

At first glance, the order doesn't look like it will fill you up, but it definitely does. They also care about the the environment here, which I ADORE! I took home the containers to reuse! They cater as well, which I think is unique. 

Chicken Bacon Ranch: 5/5 extravagant, very cheesy, good mix of chicken, sauce, and bacon so that nothing was too overpowering. 

Gluten Free Order: 5/5 noodles were fantastic! Best ever. Tater tots very crispy. Rich and good balance of cheese and noodles. 

BBQ in a bowl: 5/5 Mac and cheese really is to die for. It's perfectly done. I loved it with BBQ sauce and the panko crunch is just enough that it's not overly salty. The chicken was a little bit tough- but perfect size- but you're not coming here for the chicken, you're coming for the Mac!! 

Service: 5/5! Amazing! Both over the phone and in person, they handled everything so well, so kind and welcoming, clearly have their act together. Absolutely amazing. Support small businesses! 

The menu size has so many different kinds of Mac and cheese! Honestly something for everyone and well priced. 

There is outdoor seating (super cute yellow chairs and tables!) for patrons; it was nice to get to eat it right away.
first off, love their minimal neon decor. the yellow and pink is super cute.

second, their base mac and cheese is great. the toppings are nice and all but i think a plain bowl of their mac and cheese would definitely hit the spot as well. super rich and cheesy - it's something to indulge.

their buffalo mac and cheese is probably my favorite - mainly because the tang of the buffalo sauce helps offset the creaminess of it all, which can get a little overwhelming. i'm used to mac and cheese as a side, so having it as an entree always means there's some left over, which is perfect because the bowls at mac mart are meant to be used as microwaveable tupperware. it's like they're reading my mind.
I am a HUGE fan of mac and cheese, and when my friend suggested we go to visit a store dedicated to it after happy hour festivities, I couldn't pass on the opportunity. Upon first glance, one might miss the store, it's small and located among an odd selection of stores.

Like all indie pop-ups, Mac Mart has the appeal of a unique menu and careful precision in their service. The mac & cheese platter I got was sufficient, sated my fill, but I still felt it was quite small for the price. Not a bargain by any means, but the owners took an idea and ran with it, and now I'm on the other side being served. Certainly a filling option, considering how heavy mac & cheese traditionally is, and I will definitely consider coming back if I have a disposable income.
I used the Ritual app to pick up food from Mac Mart, I heard really good things about it and was excited to try it. I got the jalapeño mac n cheese and it was pretty decent. The bread crumbs on the top were really crispy and added a nice touch of texture. Everything was still warm when I picked it up and the cheese was still very creamy.

Using the app I was able to get a discount on the dish, however, I don't think I would order from here if it wasn't for the discount. Although it was very delicious I think it's a bit overpriced for just mac n cheese.
This place is decent if you're looking to grab a quick bite near Rittenhouse! There was a line out the door on the Saturday afternoon I went, but it moved quickly.

We grabbed it to go (there's limited seating) and sat in the neighboring square. By the time we dived into the mac (2-3 min after being packaged?) the cheese had already become a viscous glue-y texture. And the toppings were a little overwhelming! I could only handle about half the portion before the thick ranch mixed with thick cheese was way too much to be enjoyable. This seemed like the kind of food I'd crave and be satisfied with after a long night of drinking but unfortunately this isn't a late night place!
I am biased towards certain dishes and mac and cheese is certainly not on the top of the list of my go to foods (probably because I'm lactose intolerant). I have to admit though the mac and cheese here is pretty awesome and if you are a mac and cheese lover you will love this restaurant! There are so many choices and toppings and the ingredients seem top notch. I love pesto chicken so I got the pesto chicken item, and I was pleased with it.

Only reason I gave this place 4 stars and not 5 is the price. After tax my mac and cheese came out to be a little under $12. That is up charging way too much for just noodles and cheese sauce sprinkled with some chicken and potato chips!  I judge the value of a restaurant dish based on how easy it is to make it myself at home, which is dependent on the time savings and the culinary skills required to make it. For example, gourmet pizzas are hard to make at home because most people don't have a brick oven. Ramen is hard to make because I don't have the time to simmer the pork broth at home. I pay premium on lattes because I don't have a $2000 espresso machine to make the espresso shots and to create that microfoam texture in the steamed milk. Mac and cheese, however, is dead easy to make (just boil noodles, mix cheesy ingredients and heat it up). I didn't notice any out of ordinary ingredients/toppings at Mac Mart, so I don't think $12 is worth it for repeated visits. Sorry, I don't think up charging for mac and cheese is a good business model no matter how good it tastes. At the end of the day, it's just mac and cheese and I'm a food snob.
This place is like a total scam. $8.50 for marts mac... with potato chip crumbs on top? Lol cmon now. Brought it home and they forgot to cook the noodles lol. You had one job Mac Mart! All the noodles were hard and I felt like I had to finish it because I spent so much on it.

I thought they were joking when they put it in like a 3oz container! I don't get it. If a box of kraft Mac and cheese that makes two bowls for like $2 then how are they charging $8 for like half a package worth of bad Mac and cheese?

Maybe I'm jaded because my momma makes box Mac and cheese better. They def need to lower their price or make the bowls a lot larger.

Didn't try any toppings cause I wanted to see how the base was. If they base isn't good then no toppings will be able to mask the flavor. Plus who puts bbq or ranch dressing on their Mac and cheese? Idk how else to explain this place other than it was a high persons dream lol
The cowboy cup was killer! It was smooth and crunchy with a nice kick to is that totally warmed me up.
This place is great for a quick but delicious bowl of various types of macaroni and cheese! The staff is very efficient and accommodating. I really liked that the containers they serve the meal in is reusable. The seating indoors is limited but there are a couple  of outdoor tables.
This place is mac&cheese heaven! They have so many options to choose from! You can choose from either their own creations or make your own! Unfortunately, I was only able to try the Jalapeño Popper Mac which was to DIE for! I didn't think mac&cheese could get any better than this. I will definitely be back to try their other creations. Can't wait!!!

ONLY DOWNSIDE:
I got super lucky and found seating as soon as I entered, but the facility is TINY. So don't expect to find a seat (especially during lunch hour/busy day). 

They package their mac&cheese in microwave friendly bowls, though. So feel free to take it home to eat.
Our favorite mac and cheese! Online tray ordering is easy and efficient! Pick up was quick and our guests enjoyed every last nite! Yum
I've had Mac Mart now 3 times. Once last year, and twice this year (so far) at the different Night Markets throughout the city. I love this Mac so freakin much, I have to write a review now!! 

When I see that hot pink truck, I start jumping like a little kid and I get so excited!! I will wait in the longest line for this Mac, I don't care! It's that good. 

The BBQ chicken Mac is my favorite so far, but they always change the flavors so you can always try something new! I love that! I recently had the spinach & artichoke Mac, that was killer also. All the special combo macs are better than their 7 cheese original, IMO.  so try something fancy!  The Mac is so creamy and rich, that's what I love. You hardly taste the noodles cause the cheese and other toppings are so rich.. That's how you make Mac!! It should be so creamy that it sticks to the roof of your mouth.. Yes! Mac mart does it right!! 

I got 2 of my friends hooked on it already, who's never had it before. They love it too! And the staff working the truck are so friendly they rock. 

Can't wait for the next night market so I can eat this creamy cheesy amazing goodness all over again! MAC MART!!! Don't change a thing, you guys are amazing.
Holy crap! Their Mac and cheese is amazing! I got the buffalo chicken and the only thing was I could have had her go lighter on the chips on top - otherwise it was perfect. The portion size was awesome and the noodles were creamy with cheese but not mushy. And it's so fast!
This place is affordable, fast, and delicious. I tend to prefer moister Mac and cheese but given that this is essentially fast food, it wasn't an issue for me. This was so good. I got one of the classic creations vs. building my own, but everything looked good and most importantly, everyone looked so happy eating their food regardless of their orders!

It is super filling - one pound of very high calorie Mac and cheese and toppings. Not a deterrent at all for me, but it did mean I couldn't finish it all in one sitting (if you're someone who doesn't like leftovers and who doesn't eat very much, you might not be as into it - but I happen to love them!).

It is a tiny place, so there is hardly any seating. It's not a good place to go with a group (or depending on time of day, even by yourself) unless you have somewhere else to go and eat; Rittenhouse square is nearby for nice weather.

Finally, the service was friendly. There was actually a malfunction with the credit card payment system when I was there, perhaps due to an Internet issue they were having, so my meal ended up being free because they couldn't get the payment to go through. They were so nice about it. I'll definitely go back just to support them - and, to enjoy the food!
The portions are a lot bigger than they look. My boyfriend and I went (he's a very picky eater), and we didn't think it would be enough. We both ended up getting two meals out of our bowls. Phenomenal!
Not sure what the hype is about this Mac and cheese. The storefront and people were nice but the product was mediocre . No real flavor and rubbery cheese. Portion size was good. No need to go back.
As a mac and cheese aficionado, you can imagine my excitement when I heard that Mac Mart (featured on Food Insider) was just a mere 22 blocks away from my apartment. I brought a group of friends to check out the hype and found pricey, oily mac and cheese. Portion size is relatively small (as expected) though the employee was trying to convince us that the container was equal to 1 lb of food which may or may not be true... 

Between my 6 friends and I, we ordered: the regular, cowgirl, spicy jalapeno, bbq, crab and buffalo. My favorite was a tie between the cowgirl and crab. Cowgirl definitely had more flavors and ingredients, making me feel like I was getting more bang for my buck. However, the crab was just plain good. My friend inhaled his entire bowl in 5-7 minutes. I got the regular and of course wanted to eat it over several days. SURPRISINGLY, I found that the mac and cheese tasted better reheated! There was an added garlic smell I hadn't tasted when they served it to me at the store, and I also got to pour away excess oil at home. 

Would I go back? Probably not. I want to sign up for their promos though because I heard Mac Mart had a $5 promotion the week before we came. In conclusion, I think they have good quality food, just not worth the trek and I'd rather spend $12-15 on a sit-down meal at another restaurant in Philadelphia. Shout out for their cool washable and microwavable containers though! Better than recycling and you're also paying for a useful container ;)
Mehhh. I mean Mac and Cheese is normally good but I was underwhelmed by Mac Mart. Good concept though as a specialty Mac and Cheese place with lots of flavor combinations and toppings. I think this place has potential, I just wouldn't come back as is. 

I would recommend them having two sizes so people can get this as a side since Mac and cheese is more of a side dish than a main dish. And I would also recommend actual plates for a dining in option since there are seats (vs the take out plastic container we got)
So I have passed by here many times. They have great signage/design. I love the interior. Its great. So it is my first time here and I ask myself what should I get? Tons of options. The employees offered no really good options. So I chose the crab mac. Its $10. Honestly I do not mind paying it at all. Crab is expensive. Its a cool concept. No worries I got the $10. Then when I am asked for a drink (which ruined it for me). I said I would like fountain water/tap water.  It is August and 90 degrees and I just want water. The employee tells me they only sell bottle water. They are out of 'tap'. I laugh to myself. You are out of tap? You have to be joking. I see the water option on their soda fountains, and they clearly are not out of cups. I hate bottle water ladies and gentlemen. Bottle water is one of the biggest corporate sell outs of the past decade. I dont drink it. It is blasphemy for a restaurant to not offer tap/fountain water to a customer. Especially when I can see it in clear sight. It is pretentious to say you only sell bottle water. And because you only sell bottle water. I will never be back. This place feels like Manhattan and all the things that are wrong with it. And it makes me think Rittenhouse is slowly becoming Manhattan. (which is depressing). I will NEVER BE BACK. Oh and the Macaroni wasnt even that great.
I love Mac and Cheese. Mac Mart makes GREAT mac and cheese. Also it puts incredible toppings on it. Just get the mac and cheese with bacon and a bit of panko crumbs, and you will be a very happy camper.
For being a huge fan of any kind of Mac and Cheese,  I was really disappointed with this place. The Crabby Mac I ordered literally tasted like velveeta cheese, with crab and potato chips on top that didn't seem to go well together at all.
Between the outstanding service, huge portions and amazing food there is nothing they missed at this place! Can't wait to eat my leftovers!
Very disappointed in this place. Wawa has better mac and cheese compared to Mac Mart. The sauce was dry and flavorless, the mac wasn't cooked long enough. Small portion of steak on top. Its a great concept, but poorly executed. I feel like this place is coasting off of the novelty of their product rather than quality. Price point is too high ($11) for a cheap ingredient food to not be good.
*pssst - lean in a bit close*

(Whispers) i don't get the hype here. *shrugs*

Like many, i found this place via Instagram, and was WOWED and intrigued with the yummy food porn photos they'd post. I rarely go to Philly so when we had the chance, i said off we go to Mac mart. The two others i had gone with didn't know their rep by social media. 

I had the "heart attack," which is a bacon and caramelized onion Mac with crushed potato chip topping. Sounds amaze balls at least.  But it wasn't literally the best thing I've ever had. Maybe had i tried another like crabby Mac or the buffalo Mac, I'd have had a better experience. But meh, can't say i would want to go again.

Their staff was super nice and must really love their jobs. So helpful and tolerant of us out of towners haha! I'll be back in philly again...but not to come back here
So freaking good! Their Macaroni totally lived up to all the hype and we will most definitely be back to try more of the different kinds cause there were so many to choose from. 

Update* still obsessed, I won't eat mac & cheese from anywhere else!
I have heard about the mac mart food truck for years and finally had the chance to try some of their mac & cheese at their official store. I realized the store was close to my work when I saw  so many people walking around Rittenhouse with bright pink bags, wondering what they were, I found out it was mac & cheese in those bags!

I tried the "rittenhouse" which has their signature mac and cheese with spinach and artichoke dip on top and panko crisps. I loveee spinach and artichoke dip so I couldn't resist trying this. It was pretty good, but the spinach and artichoke dip was a bit too garlicy for me. I couldn't eat too much of it. I would probably order it again but I will definitely be going back and trying something different from their menu. There are so many options that sounds good. 

Also had the corn dog mac & the cheesesteak mac. They were both absolutely delicious. I am literally going to try everything on the menu. 

They give you the mac & cheese in a re-usable container. I definitely like the idea of that but it makes me wonder how that affects the price, if it does, which I assume it must. I didn't think it was pricey to eat here though, so not a complaint at all. I was full for about $8 which is a pretty solid deal. 

The place itself is more of a to-go place. There were 2-3 tables outside and a "bar" that fits approximately 5-8 people at it. Totally fine by me as there is a lot of places to dine outside or inside in the area. Definitely suggest this place as a must try!
I ate here for the first time today.
The first thing I have to say is not about the food.  It is about those who were working.
I left my bag at the table outside after eating during the busy CC Monday lunch hour today.
I did not realize until I got back to the office a half hour later that I did so.
I had some important things in there.  I quickly called the store and the person who answered was so nice.  They said they were not at the store now but headed back and would ask the girls working behind the counter to look in the meantime.
So I am not quite sure how but they had it for me in their back closet waiting!  
So the staff is awesome.

And the mac and cheese build a bowl kills it especially if you get the ketchup and potato chip panko on top.
I wish there were more stars because any restaurant that has a ketchup add-on is gonna be a true love of mine.
I have never been to the cart and did not know it ever existed- I am so happy this is a brick and mortar just a block from work.  
Tbh, before this place opended and there was just the flourescent sign outside, I assumed it would be a makeup place.  I really love the sign and I am really happy it is mac n cheese rather than makeup.
This is probably the worst Mac and cheese I've ever had. I was so excited to eat here. But the food was lukewarm at best. The noodles were mushy. Too much bread crumb. We ordered the "wit" Mac and the margarita Mac. We each took maybe 2 bites of each and couldn't eat anymore. Absolutely disgusting. I will never eat here again. What a disappointment!
I too was an eager follower of Mac Mart's truck and ate it whenever it was at Drexel's campus. I was so excited when they announced the brick and mortar. I was not disappointed. There is a huge selection of toppings compared to the truck's daily mixes, and the ingredients are fresher and arranged beautifully given the new and improved containers (which are reusable!).
I had the margarita mac, and the tomato and basil was so perfect with the garlicy panko crunch and rich cheese. My boyfriend got the Heart Attack Mac, which is exactly what it sounds like; it too was incredible and had an excellent flavour assortment going. Despite getting carryout, the new containers still kept the mac warm, and it was still hot by the time we got home - 15 blocks away. This place never disappoints.
Very yummy Mac and cheese.. They give you big portions and are friendly. They top the mac and cheese with potato chip panko crumbs.. What more could you ask for!?! Can't wait to go back again.
Awesome Mac n Cheese. Never know one  could get so many variants of the Mac. Will definitely be coming back here for more. Kids and grown ups will love the place.
I have been here several times. the Macaroni and Cheese is outstanding. Creamy, Rich, and Delicious. You can choose add one like peppers, proteins, saffron, etc. I always go for the crab or classic mac. The pasta is always cooked perfectly, and it's so nice to have a place in the city that makes great Mac and Cheese.
Went here on a cold winter night. We actually plan to go to this place way back after the opening. 

Our car park near to this place, we decided to finally try this place.

Man, the cheese that they're using is out of this world. It's not salty or gooey like most of the mac&cheese that i've taste.

We ordered BBQ Bacon bowl with Sriracha on the side. It was the bomb especially during cold night.

Everything taste perfect. The warm cheese and macaroni. The heat from the sriracha and the smoky smell from the BBQ sauce.

One of my favorite place hands down
Really good mac and cheese but a little expensive for mac and cheese.  I like that you can reuse the container that they give you your food in and the staff is super nice.  Very nice minimalist decor.
I've never even had the food truck, but I can tell they made absolutely no changes. The food isn't even decent for being a brick and mortar "restaurant." It tastes exactly how I imagine the food truck food to taste: cheap, fattening, with hardly any effort put in to make it, but hey, if that's your thing, then to each his own.

The inside is so tiny. I can only imagine what this place looks like during the lunch rush.

I can only see Mc Mart's value as a food truck for people who work nearby to get a quick lunch at, not as a legitimate counter-serve restaurant (so if you have more than a half hour, you're better off going somewhere else).
Mac and cheese is really tasteless. Not worth the price at all. Got the BBQ Bowl. Dry chicken,  chewy macaronis, and soggy cornbread "crunch"
So unique to have a restaurant devoted to mac and cheese! I feel like that definitely appeals to a younger crowd, but it is a part of what makes the Philadelphia food scene so diverse as well! I went with the BBQ chicken bowl and it was so good, and filling! I was worried about the price, but it was definitely enough food for two full meals, and the tupperware is microwaveable so it is reusable, which is a plus! Can't wait to return! I just wish there was more seating available
These girls have mac on lock. it was fast, clean and i was stuck in traffic eating allll my food. (and you know i was hot when i saw on Facebook the next day they had a sale) but that is what i love about them... they give and give! 
if you can try the mac with the cheese steak on top.....seriously a top notch!!!!
Mac Mart is awesome. They have great menu items and try new limited time things that turn out to be really tasty. They had a cheesesteak topped with mac and cheese a few months ago and it was so good. When you feel like having a cheat day, this is a great spot.
I was hooked ever since I starting following Mac Mart on Instagram a few months ago but didn't make it out to the store until today. It's a small place with limited seating so I took my order to go. The menu was a bit overwhelming but I played it safe and ordered the Rittenhouse, which is basically a scoop of spinach dip on top of the original Mac and cheese, topped with breadcrumbs. Overall, it satisfied my immediate need for mac and cheese but it definitely wasn't the fresh, cheesy, gooey dish I hoped for. The pasta itself was a little too al dente and the cheese tasted like processed cheese. Personally, I like Panera's Mac and cheese better but the toppings make this option more appealing. Oh, portions are heavy so I recommend sharing an order!
I was a little skeptical on how good a Mac and cheese only place would be. I was way wrong. I got the lobster Mac and cheese special and it blew my mind. I've had every kind of Mac and cheese out there (probably my favorite "bad" food. They do a great job making it just cheesy enough without it being overbearing and the size for the lobster special was perfect. Keep it up!
Passed this place on my way back to my hotel. I love Mac and cheese so I thought I'd have to stop in before I left. I ordered the Barclay Basil Chicken Mac and cheese and I thought it was really good! It could have been better if it was hot and not 'warm.' t could have used more chicken though. I think I only had a few tiny tiny pieces in mine. The crunchy potato chip bits on top were nice and the basil was good. Most of the time basil pesto can be gross unless you make it from scratch with fresh ingredients. If there was more it was finely chopped and hidden. Since they only have Mac and cheese it felt more like a guilty snack rather than a meal. I was starving and had a very early breakfast (granola bar) and ate this at 230 and I'm still a little hungry. Also, it may have been $9.75 and a lot of other reviewers are saying it's ridiculously overpriced but the price didn't really influence my decision. It's not like I'm stopping there every day. For a guilty snack go for it!
I've been to the truck and storefront a total of 7 times now and have never been let down. Cheese lovers this is where it's at. Crabby Mac and Margarita Mac are my fav. Looking forward to more visits.
