Had a ton of fun here.   Food was good fries were incredible.   The bartenders were fantastic. 
The crowd was fun. It was about a ten minute walk from our hotel (Hilton at Penns Landing). Would love to live in Philly just to visit this place more often.
It's too cold to go out bare-chested. I get up and I put on my new blue merino wool hoodie that I have purchased from the Gap. It is new and it is perfect. It flows comfortably over my body and keeps me warmer than any blue merino wool hoodie has ever kept anyone warm before. I fawn over it in a way that can only be described as the love that hand model, Ellen Sirot, expressed for her hands to Katie Couric. Like Ellen and her hands, we are inseparable. 

Oh, we are good. The hoodie was on sale but together we are spectacular. We sit on the train to the city together and we walk to Mac's Tavern, padding and shunning the cold wind. We sit in the back of the bar and raise a hand to make a drinking gesture to the waiter that, in a different context, could land us in the back of a cop car. We make the gesture with such accuracy, and with such ridiculous beauty that the server surely knows to bring over a Jack and Coke without ever hearing a single word.

We await the arrival of our drink, in such an astounding fashion that my drinking buddies share the anguish and dire thirst. They wait too, looking around the room for the server to return. When he does, he douses the blue hoodie in Jack Daniels, stripping it of its perfect nature. The drink is too strong and garnished with a lemon. 

He does not look like a professional, like he never saw the inside of a bar prior to that moment. Patrons stop and stare at the spill. He walks away without ever saying a word. Later, he bumps into me and gets ketchup on the back of the tarnished hoodie. After continually ignoring my perfect requests for another drink and telling me to wait, he finally brings a second Jack and Coke. This one is devoid of liquor. He spills it on my hoodie, pants, and hand. Again, he walks away without ever saying a word. I sit and shake my head, gasping. No one has ever seen anything quite like it.

*Please don't sue me, David Eggers, for blatantly ripping you off.
We wanted to go to Campo's for a cheesesteak but it was raining and we didn't want to wait in line nor try to find a picnic table after waiting in line so we decided to walk into Mac's for a nice seat. 

We got lucky in getting the last booth available for a late lunch on a Friday with no wait. I ordered their steak sandwich and it was ok but nothing to write home about. The steak was a little thicker cut than a typical cheesesteak but it had decent flavor. Hand cut fries and friendly service made for a good experience.
Worst service I have ever had. The bartender, Erica D was rude from the second we walked in. My friend and I were two of three people in the bar and the bartender was behind the bar on her phone the whole time. We asked for food menus...she then threw them down on the bar at us and walked away. She left us with the food menus for about 15 minutes while she SAT at the other end of the bar flirting with the other patron in the bar. I asked her politely if we could order our food and she replied "I'll be down there soon" and continued her flirting. I honestly have never been spoken to like she spoke to us. We ended up leaving without ordering our lunch. 

Do NOT go to this bar.
So glad that we stopped in here for a cheesesteak!! We were doing the tourist thing with a few hours to spare before our flight and of course, had to get a Philly staple. Rather than taking the long trek to the famous chew steak places, we stopped in here (which l, according to our Uber driver was the right decision because apparently only tourists go to pats and Geno's so we looked especially cool for this choice!) Its  a small bar, we had to wait a few minutes to be seated, but the bartenders and servers were really nice. 
It got really loud really fast with a game going on. 
But the cheesesteaks were AWESOME!! This is coming from someone whose cheesesteak experience is mostly cheesesteak pizza and steakums but, I know good food! The fries were great too! I was disappointed being in PA, I always look forward to Yeungling when east of the Mississippi, and they didn't have it on tap! 
All in all, good restaurant, cozy feeling, nice staff and good food.
Food is terrible. Mussels were overcooked, fishy and sandy. Wings were mushy.

It is basically a sport bar where drafts are ordinary. If you are looking for better beer, tons of alternatives around the corner, for example National Mechanics and Eulogy.

Avoid at all costs.


The End.
When I first heard that Mac and Sweet Dee were purchasing a bar in Old City I was a mixed bag, especially since they took over Skinner's (R.I.P. - http://www.yelp.com/biz/skinners-dry-goods-tavern-philadelphia)On the one hand I thought it could lead to another solid option for Old City, which could only be made cooler by the Always Sunny link. But on the other hand I felt that the LAST thing that the part of Old City needed were a bunch of McPoyles and Greenmen running around!

Intrigued yet alarmed, I put off going for awhile until finally a friend suggested it for a spot to get a couple rounds on their birthday. And in the end I found it to be a whole different beast than I was expecting, which in this case was a good thing.

The only thing that really put me off was how compact it felt when things got crowded compared to its former incarnation. whether it meant grabbing some spots by the bar, or piling into one of the many tables/booths towards the back or side, getting a space at Skinner's never seemed to be much of a problem no matter how packed things got. But for Mac's it kind of felt significantly more cramped. Grant it they did move in a lot more taps behind the bar, a good number more bottles, and more TVs; as well as a lot more open standing space brought on by some serious booth removal. So you do get a lot more positives along with the space sacrifice.

Aside from a bit of a grilled chicken sandwich that was alright, I didn't get to try much of the food. But the variety is pretty widespread, especially in the chicken cutlet and gravy fries categories! With 17 rotating taps that include a number of seasonals, and 100+ bottles, Beer flourishes in the way that would make the Paddy's Pub crew proud. So in the end Mac's was not only McPoyle free, it had enough mirth to make one feel like a champion of the sun. and that makes it well worth another do over!
By the time I sunk my teeth into scalding wings then swallowed a strong pint, listening to Fight Fire with Fire, I couldn't stop thinking...

--Mac's Tavern, WHY have I not visited before now!!!--  

Nice layout.  Good beer list.  The food is.... SHAZZAM.

Food: WTF wings were AWESOME.  They should be called "Extra F'ing hot FTW!"  Super hot and tasty.  They are no shit hot, beware.  Burger, probably one of the best pub burgers I've had in years.

Drinks: Nosferatu on tap, I wasn't a fan initially... then like a vampire, it snuck up and sunk it's teeth in my taste buds and I decidedly drained the  dreary draft.

Ambiance: Who stole my iPod of OLD Metallica, Iron Maiden, Sabbath, Zeppelin it was like a 65-85 only playlist.  

Service: With a smile and perfectly attentive.

Mac, 
Thanks for opening a bar as awesome as you and the gang's show.
Sincerely,
John F.
An 'Its Always Sunny in Philadelphia' stomping ground. No seriously. It's owned by Mac and Dee. Being that is a part of the appeal, you must visit. It somewhat resembles Paddy's Pub. I will say the staff will treat you better at Mac's though. This place is the heart of Philadelphia and you wont get a touristy feel at all. 

Its in the Old City section of the city, which has tons of appeal and draws crowds. My advice is to come earlier than later. I frequent the place and it can get crowded any day of the week. The perimeter of the bar is all open for seating with a few booths and tables towards the rear and along the length of the bar. 

The food is pretty good. All items coming in at reasonable prices. As far as the drinks are concerned, they used to have a great bottle list. Lately it's been a bit light. They have drafts and make decent cocktails as well. 

Only downside would be parking but it's a city people. There's metered street parking but best bet would be to Uber or Lyft. If you're staying close by, just walk on down. Please don't speak to me if you happen to grace my presence at the bar. "I'm relaxing. I'm getting blackout drunk and you're leaving me alone."
Honestly this place was getting a minimum of 3 stars no matter what b/c they served some reediculous good gravy fries; and there is nothing more than this homegrown central jerzee boy likes than a heap of steaming gravy fries..well maybe donuts.  I have not had proper gravy fries in the Filth area. but Mac's took care of that and even threw some short ribs on em. Feefawkingnomeenal. Though they said they could feed 4 people...riiight...try one fat asian face aside from a few that my friends picked off my plate when I wasn't looking    (that's right I don't share..even w/ friends).  Their ham, egg and cheese w/ spicy mustard was absolutely shit.
         The bar itself was fine, why r so many people complaining it's no longer a dive? What did u expect when Always Sunny cast bought and remodeled  Skinners? For them to just changed the name and reopen it exactly the same? That would have been a sound business plan. I like a good dive as anyone, but I couldn't imagine eating gravy fries at Frank's or Ray's w/o getting e coli poisoning. Beer selection is pretty good but their only special is 3 dollar Miller Low Lifes which is considered "special" in my book for bad reasons. The bar was  uncomfortably humid and hot considered it was not packed on a Thurs night, but either way Mac's will give me a reason to come to Olde City at night, and that reason is first name "Gravy" and last name "Fries."
I'm not usually so inclined to write a review, but here goes.

Mac's is a great Old City bar with great food, great selection of craft brews, and a friendly atmosphere. Also a great staff and management, who are passionate about retaining their regulars and attracting new ones.

With that said, they don't take any crap from the cheap and/or skeezy and/or idiot population of the surrounding area. They have taken flack on the social media sites for defending themselves against thieves and morons who try and defraud this wonderful business. Three cheers to you guys for posting pictures of thieves and the like, as its not only your business who loses money from these vermin. 

Per the 1-star reviews below, this is the type of a ss-hattery you would expect from local South Philly trash who occasionally escapes his meager existence for a night on the town, going to a non-sports bar to watch a garbage TNF game when there is a new episode of Always Sunny on. Go to a different bar, and stay off of Yelp if you are that miserable and pathetic. Honestly, who has time to put pubes in a drink? Doesn't happen here.
I came here one evening - they had tables spaced out and plastic screens between tables. Staff were friendly and quick. Plenty of great beer options here. Great pub to go to for drinks!
Been here a couple times, never been that impressed. Convinced it only gets a crowd anymore because it's association with ASIP. Beer was...meh. Flavors seemed off. The male bartender (buzzed head, tattoos on arms, tall/skinny) is an absolute prick and talks to women like they're a nuisance at all times. 

Advice: get out of the customer service business, man. Sorry anyone asks for a drink or their tab...at a bar...
I have to give this place a million stars. Yes, the place is a little small, but the "Pirate" reference on the door by the entrance immediately made  my day before I even sat down. We went there for my bday celebration and I couldnt have picked a better place! Our waitress was really attentive (especially for a Saturday night...it was pretty busy) and their fries are amaaaaazing! Not to mention the prices were very reasonable. My friend and I ordered lemon drop shots and they were served to us in tumblers, so not only are the drinks cheap, but theyre generous with the amounts.

But the best part of the night was when Rob and Kaitlin randomly walked by our table. My boyfriend and I are huge (and I mean huge) fans of the show, so randomly seeing our favorite actors 2 feet from us was amazing. They were even nice enough to pose for a picture. I dont know how my bday could have been any better!

My friends and I loved this place and we plan to go back soon!
My first trip to Mac's was solid. A server set us up at a table for six right away and he was on top of his serving game for our visit. When I wasn't sure what I wanted to drink, he brought over a few different samples for me to try. Still kicking myself for not ordering the high ABV coffee IPA that was available. 

A friend seemed to enjoy a hummus plate so I ordered one to snack on. I liked that there were a lot of vegetables and not just pita. For the most part the plate was okay, but the first red pepper strip I picked up was slimy, so I avoided those. The cucumber slices were good but they were layered with some sad looking tomato slices. The garlicky hummus had some random red onion slices sticking straight out of it. 

Don't go to Mac's for the hummus plate. Do go for the beer and friendly service. (And maybe some french fries - those looked really good!)
We hit Mac's for lunch right before the US vs. Ghana soccer game during the World Cup.  We arrived right before the crowd so we were able to get a table right away.  There was only one waiter working but he was able to handle everything very well and we were not waiting long before he took our order.  I had a chicken cutlet hoagie and my girlfriend had the chicken fingers. Both meals were pretty standard; my hoagie was very large and I could only finish half.  The fries were different; thinly cut and very crispy.  The spicy mayo that accompanied the fries was excellent; I put some on my sandwich too.  

It's a small space and filled up quickly prior to the game starting, I could easily see this place becoming packed on a typical drinking night.

The place was clean and the décor was simple and functional.  It's located directly across from my office so I'll be adding this to my lunch stop places.
All that I can say is, I had the BEST best Steak Sandwich in Philly!  The Bourbonic Steak, so phenomenal. My taste buds rejoiced after the first bite.

Three Yelps and half!
My husband and I are big fans of  It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, so yes, we had to come here while in town.

The good news: This is not Paddy's Pub. This is what Paddy's might look like if it were clean, well taken care of, and had good food.

Like many Philly businesses, the space is long and somewhat narrow, with outside tables, high tops, a long bar and booths in the back. They have a bunch of TVs with sports on, and photos of Kaitlyn and Rob McElhenny along with Danny DeVito and Glenn Howerton. 

The menu is generally bar food - sandwiches, burgers, cheesesteaks, some good beers on tap. My husband had a chicken cheesesteak and I got fish tacos. Both quite good -- the fish tacos were served interestingly -- it was assemble-yourself with little piles of tortillas, cheese, sauce, pico de gallo, lettuce and four perfectly fried fish fingers. Very very tasty.

The bathrooms are sort of weird. One stall in the ladies room was teeny, and I had to contort myself a bit to sit down properly. (Sorry, but people gotta know these things.) But they ARE clean, and there are no glory holes.

So yeah, it's a tiny bit touristy I'd say, due to the draw of the show -- but it also seems to just be a solid neighborhood bar with good food and a good beer list.
Having long been fans of Always Sunny in Philadelphia, my wife and I couldn't wait to check out Mac's Tavern.

It's in a great location on market street only a block or two from the nearest subway stop. Lots of TVs tunes to sports, good atmosphere, friendly servers and a decent beer selection. 

Unfortunately, the food left a lot to be desired. We split the muscles and were a bit put off by the fishy taste. Perhaps they had been frozen at one time or just weren't that fresh. Big fan of muscles in general so we knew when it didn't taste quite right. My wife enjoyed the fish tacos but was quite disappointed in the buffalo chicken cheesesteak. Not sure if it was a unique recipe but the bread was hard and the sauce didn't resemble any buffalo sauce I've eaten before. 

Was great to check out the place to say we've been there, but probably won't be back.
We stopped into Mac's after having cheesesteaks next door. The bartender was friendly. Our friend ordered calamari but the batter was very soft & it was mostly fried peppers instead of calamari so that was disappointing. Coming here for drinks is fine but I don't think I'd ever order food here.
Not terribly friendly bartenders (the two men, anyway). Very much a small divey bar which is ok but don't expect any frills. A few tvs let us watch the NBA finals, no wifi, basic pub food.
Terrible experience. We did not realize that the tavern didn't open until 4pm on Mondays; we showed up at 3 on Monday 10-12-15. That's fine, there was lots to see around old town. 5 till 4 we went back to wait for the tavern to open. At 2 after 4 an employee brushed passed us without a greeting, unlocked the door, entered, and locked the door behind him again. 

At 5 after 4, the door was still locked. The bar windows were open and we were seen by the waitress but not greeted. Finally at 10 after an employee for the ATM machine was let in, and we were still not greeted. Finally we peeked our heads in and asked if they were open, and we received a gruff yes from the blonde grumpy looking waitress.

The tavern was still getting set up and they were clearly not ready for business. She rudely told us to sit wherever, and we waited an additional 10 minutes to at least be offered water. Finally she came up to us, looking sloppy and disheveled and rather unprofessional and asked us if we were all 18 because the kitchen didn't open until 5.

At this point we left very hungry and cranky. We had studied the menu very well since we had time, and it was rather small and expensive. Not particularly impressive, but we went for the It's Always Sunny experience. Nowhere on the hours posted or the menu did it state that the kitchen open until 5. 

Highly disappointed and disgruntled we left without and word from the waitress, we ate cheese steaks next door instead. Will not recommend.
Had to stop in because I'm traveling with three 'It's Always Sunny..' fans. 

Multiple complaints:

Waitress kind of sucked. Not polite and rather rude at times. Put all of our meals on the same ticket and looked at us like we were crazy when we asked for them to be split accordingly. 

Menu is quite limited but I'm also a picky eater so..‍ 

Only non alcoholic beverages served are RC Cola and Sprite..? Who does that? 

And to top it off- no free refills on the damned RC Cola! $3.25 per glass and no free refills. 

Mac and Sweet Dee should be ashamed.
Let just start by saying that I started bar tending at 21 and have now been working in the hospitality industry for about 2 years now (10 years total in customer service) this place is seriously lacking service.  As a bartender you should be bonding with your guests and laughing/smiling etc.  I did not get that vibe here.  I got the bourbon steak sandwich it was phenomenal but wouldn't go back for the life of me due to poor service.  

My boyfriend wanted the buffalo chicken sandwich with out onions and the bartender said and I quote " I'm sorry we don't alter our recipes, we've got Chef Ramsey back there" had he been allergic to onions I would have made a big deal but in this case he just didn't like the taste so I let it go.  Thought the whole thing was just weird and unprofessional.

I was expecting it to be more like Paddy's Pub.. Way too expensive and no service at all....
I wanted to love this place so much, because of who owns the place. But, holy god, everything was bad. We came in at the tail end of Quizzo, and it looks like that was fun but I can't speak to that. 

The place is dark. I mean, had to pull out our phones to see the menu dark. The menu is small, so I was expecting some really great stuff because they're only making a few things daily-these dishes should be mastered. 

We ordered gravy fries with short ribs--they were the only edible thing we ordered. They were really great. Loved the horseradish. We also had wings, which were basically hot for the sake of hot. Why? I love spicy and I love hot wings, but there was no other flavor and they were small. 

Everyone was disappointed with their dinner. I got the burger with short ribs because it said spicy on the menu, but AGAIN, there was no other flavor. Just ridiculously hot with no other taste. The fish tacos looked like they handed you a couple fish sticks and you had to make them yourself. What? That's not right either, it's not how you serve fish tacos. One of us got the coconut tenders and there's was literally 3 chicken tenders on the plate. That was it. The food was lackluster at best, and the service. Ugggghhhh god the service. The girl serving us was just so...apathetic. She wasn't terrible, but no one there seemed to give a shit that they had customers. I took one bite of my food and asked her to take the plate back. She didn't ask if anything was wrong, and when she asked if j wanted it wrapped to go I told her I had no interest in eating the meal. No follow up, no nothing. 

The prices are super cheap, if you increased them to serve better products no one would mind. But, this place just isn't good. And since Philly is full of great places to eat, the only reason this place is still open is because of it's always sunny. 

Guys. It's not the actual bar. It's just a place the show creator opened after his success. There's no Mecca here, please stop going so we can get a better restaurant.
I see a lot of bad reviews for this place, but I tend to disagree. They have a pretty decent selection of drinks and one HELL of a steak sandwich. "The Bourbonic Steak" sandwich is an incredible mix of steak, onions, bourbon infused sauce, melted cheese and a crunchy hoagie. For bar food, I am blown away. The sad part of this perfect creation is that it is only offered on the summer menu, and I expect it to go away once the seasons change. Until then, I will continue to get drunk and wonder into Mac's for this magical creation.
I would have given this a four star rating if I were to base it solely on the steak. The rest of the food here is very "meh", and it's pricey as hell for what it is. Go somewhere else for the money, but come here to just try a steak sandwich. You won't be sad.
It's always sunny in Philadelphia. Unless it's dark out, nighttime and the rest of Old City is shutting down early for the night.

My group of four was looking for a bite to eat around 11pm on a Monday night. Luckily we made last call for food at Mac's Tavern before the kitchen closed for the night. 

So Mac's is nothing like Paddy's Pub in It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. It's a lot classier of a joint, although it is pretty cool that it's partly owned by the show's stars, Rob and Kaitlin McElhenney. Despite not being Paddy's Pub, it is a really chill pub to grab a drink.

Last night was my first foray into their menu. On Monday nights they have a special on fish tacos that is $2 off the menu price. The majority of my group jumped on the fish taco boat. The fish tacos were really awesome.  The platter came with four large pieces of tempura battered tilapia and the pieces to put together your own taco which included soft tortilla shells, guacamole, cheese, pico de gallo, peppers and a chipotle mayo sauce. This was the biggest portion of fish tacos I've seen in a while and tasty to boot. It was fun getting to put together the tacos myself. 

So my only gripe was the service. I understand it was a random weeknight in the summer and there was only one person working, aside from taking our order and dropping off our food/drink, my group was practically ignored. My one friend sat there with an empty water glass for the majority of the meal and didn't even get the opportunity to ask the server for more. Had the server/bartender stopped by more frequently, we probably would have ordered more beers in addition to more water. The kitchen may have closed shortly after we received our food, but the bar was certainly open still.

On the topic of beers, I thought the draft list was pretty cool. The beers were eclectic, but simple at the same time. The breweries they carried were off the beaten path, but with classic beer styles. I had the Citrus & Piney by the Hop Concept. I've never heard of this Cali brewery before, but enjoy a familiar tasting imperial/double IPA. 

Ultimately, I'm giving Mac's Tavern a 3-star review. Four stars for food, beer and atmosphere, but 2 stars for service. No worries- I'll be back.
This place sucks. And when I say sucks I mean BIG DONKEY BALLS sucks! I think that yelp owes me a start just for taking the time to write this. The bartenders think there doing me a favor by getting me a drink and "letting" me tip them. And they know nothing of the beer that there serving. Completely incompetent! Oh and the kitchen? Nuff said! People dont waste your time. I think Mac has some serious management/ownership issues. I guess with all that money you can afford to have a slezzy place!
No!  Physically inedible.
I went there for lunch, had the $12 Bourbon Steak sandwich thingy, and it was almost inedible --  I don't mean the flavor was bad, but the meat was so tough that was physically difficult to eat it.  
You can't just bite off a piece like a typically Philly cheesesteak, because it takes 30 chews to split the hunks of meat into two pieces (yes, I counted).  I had to disassemble the sandwich, dump the roll, and saw through the pieces of meat with a knife.  Too bad, because the flavors should have tasted good together -- steak, onions, mushrooms, gouda cheese.

I am a local guy -- I know what a Philly cheesesteak is supposed to be.  This sandwich is more like the "slab of steak on a roll" that you'd get in Chicago, which is fine, if it's edible.

My buddy had the pulled pork - - it was physically edible, but very "meh".

The interior is dank and dark, but I guess that's the Paddy's Pub "crappy local bar"  thing they are going for.   Even if you are a fan of Sunny in Philadelphia (as I am), there's no nostalgia here for the tourists.

Maybe the bar scene there is happening, but not the food.   (Note:  the server was fine, no complaints there)
Have made several trips to Mac's so far and I have not a bad thing to say. Good selection of craft beers on tap and in bottles and cans (and just clap ya hands). Draft list is constantly rotating so I haven't seen the same beer twice.

Gravy fries with mozzarella are legit as well as the roasted garlic hummus. The short rib jack-stack burger alone is worth the trip. The burger was cooked to a perfect medium rare topped with braised short ribs, pepper jack cheese and a mango habanero ketchup. Not for someone who can't handle the heat. I've had the crab cake sandwich as well and not a ton of filler in this one. 

Although I'm no expert in bird law and you can't get a milk steak here, I would recommend you give it a try.
Solid, budget-friendly pub to have some food and a few drinks. Probably their biggest selling point for me was the budget drink menu where all the mixed drinks were $5-7. It's like happy hour except all the time! As unsexy as it may be to order "the budget drink with chocolate vodka and club soda" out loud, it's worth it. Also if you've never tried chocolate vodka with club soda, do so immediately.

I ordered the skillet macaroni cheese with lump crab, and it probably ranked in the top 3 best variations of mac & cheese I've ever had. The food wasn't as easy on the wallet as some of the drinks, but it was reeeally good.

I'm taking a star away because as others have said, the bartenders are not friendly or pleasant at all. Isn't that kind of a main requirement of being one?
1. People who gave this place more than 3 stars are blinded by hollywood ownership.
2. went for lunch while at work waited 40 minutes for a sandwich, common could do better.
3. 1 bartender on a friday with 1 waitress ooo the profit they want.
4. Paid for beer cancell the sandwhich
5. be aware poor food service
6. I worked in restaurants have more people to handle crowd esp. on friday.
7. one star for free beer offer, forget it can not be bought pd for my own beer, shouldhave offer it for free
8. It seem ok at first, LIKE others said miss the dive part too at least org. owner knew how to serve food.
9. its hot, I am sure they do not want ac to save money once its sunny in  Philly goes dark and  off the air, and owner lives on fame of tv show and place
10 a copy cat to dirty franks walls or trying imho to copy the look, never will like someone else said.
11 I might go back on a friday for lunch to see if its the same only way.
12 owner should be ashamed, but if living the highlife probably really doesn't care too much.
13 GET the KITCHEN organized!
14 OK OK, might go during football (american football not that silly kick the ball and stand around game) to have a beer. 

Ok I have recently gone back and appears to be better. This review will change based on exp. LOL!
Came here early on a Saturday for lunch.  Ate outside which was nice.  Ordered two items the braised short rib fries, which were steak fries covered in white prov cheese, gravy and tender pull short rib.  That was excellent almost a Philadelphia version of poutine although a little on the expensive side encroaching $14.  Most expensive fry or nacho platter I've ever seen.  The other item was stellar.  It was a knock your socks off chicken cheesesteak.  It was chopped not diced whole chicken breast on a soft long roll coated with fresh creamy blue cheese along with the right amount of spice on the chicken itself.  The blue cheese and hot sauce ratio were a perfect compliment to each other.  Good service that comes with an everyday yuengling/coors light $3 draft special.
Friendly service, great brew on tap, and you're surrounded by scattered IASIP paraphernalia (mostly pictures) on the walls.  How can you not like the place?  Never tried the food, but I might give it a go the next time I visit.  That is, of course, if I forgot to indulge in Pat's before I enter Mac's!  I just wish that the cast was here more often.  And I wish that they would find me hilarious and hire me for an episode or five.  

Ultimately, nice bar in a good location with gret drinks on tap.  Served to you with a smile.  A bit pricey, and that's why only 4 stars.  I guess I'm a jabroni.
We discovered this place after riding one of those double decker buses against my will I may add.  I prefer to explore on my own via Yelp and save myself 30.00.  However the guide pointed out that this place was owned by Mac from 'It's Always Sunny' so my crew of 6 dudes jumped off the bus and headed in.  There was no Sweet Dee, Frank or Charlie but there was beer.  This was nothing like what I thought Mac would own.  This place was nice; upscale-casual for sure.  

We ordered a few beers and their list of 20 or so microbrews was impressive.  No Miller Lite or Bud was served here.  The rotate them in and out but the focus is on local New England beers and stuff from across the pond for a 1776 kind of vibe.  Maybe I'm reading into that too much.
Anyway, the prices were solid and the bartender was super cool.  He even let us know that there was a real Paddy's Pub which to a bunch of jackass tourists like us, was golden information.  

Mac's Tavern is a cool place.  The type of place you can hangout with the fellas, bring a work client, or even the lady friend and everyone will enjoy it.  Their menu like the bar itself served upscale-casual bar food.  Sadly, it was only 10am when we arrived so I didn't get a chance to try any of it.  I'll be back when I take the lady friend to Philly, so I'll be sure to stop in
Listen... the food here is really good how ever, they decided it was totally OK to fuck me over on my bill...

We came in today (Saturday) and asked if the happy hour $6 apps were happening today, The server told me yes. We ordered. The apps we ordered in question were the skillet mac & cheese with crab. INSTEAD I was charged full price, even though we were sat prior to 6pm.

I said something when we got the bill, the server wasn't sure so he checked with the manager.

I was told since the mac and cheese had the crab added on it, it wasn't considered an appetizer. LOL. NO WHERE ON THE MENU DOES IT SAY ANYTHING ABOUT THE CRAB CHANGING THE STATUS OF THE APPETIZER TO AN ENTREE. 

So with that said, although the Groupon was worth it, I won't be spending any more of my money here, even though I LOVE LOVE LOVE that skillet Mac & Cheese, since the management wants to fuck people over and nickle and dime their customers, you guys can kiss my fucking ass.

Something else that bothers me about this place, is that both times we have gone there, I have been unable to actually get a cold beer or cider... like the taps are setup wrong. WTF.

Enjoy! This review is going over ALL of the review sites & social media. Fucking idiots.
Obviously typical tourist here... Big fan of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.

Pros; decent drinks and food, great location on Market street within walking distance to the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall, busy street, funny bartender, fast enough service, cute-ish divey-type dark-bar feels.. 

Cons; horrible parking - sat at the window and seen 3 people getting parking tickets and 2 people getting towed - all within an hour. Good thing being from the Chicago area - we paid for parking by the Liberty Bell. 
Pretty expensive tab "overpriced, paying for the name?", not the friendliest of people, and too dark in the back of the restaurant 

I probably won't be back, it was just a one time thing. But I'm not giving Mac's Tavern a bad review - since I went here simply for the tourist factor. I didn't expect much.. 

There were lots of people taking pictures.... So I assume there are regulars, but the majority of this bar's popularity might be from us Sunny fans ;)???

Still a good time regardless
Second time around. I have to say that the food is really not my cup of tea.  Being a foodie, as many of us yelpers may be, I would really stick with beer here. With only a few options of a no name label of wine, 2 pages of beer and some so-so food, it didn't satisfy my needs.  The pulled pork was one of the worst sandwiches.  Too much cheese, dry, tasteless, minimal pulled pork with broccoli rabe. This also came with a side of fries, which if we new, we wouldn't have ordered a side of fries! 

If your coming for a beer and the tube, hey, why not!  If your coming for snacks or a meal, I would say, maybe worth another place in town. 

Their trivia night in Wednesday seems pretty decent, but not a big enough draw to get me going back constantly.

My test really- the fries.  They were soft and potato-y, not crispy.  It's kind of like eggs.  Eggs are really hard to make perfectly and so are fries. If the kitchen hasn't mastered that, how's about the rest of the food?
As a lover of Always Sunny, I was clearly obligated to come here. I often hit this place first whenever I go to Old City. It's a cool bar that always has a good crowd. They have a great craft beer list and the prices are fair. 

My two complaints are that the bar is pretty small so it gets very crowded very quickly, and the bartenders can sometimes have an attitude. When I go out, sometimes I don't tip on every single drink ( I used to be a server for 4 years, and I'm not trying to be ignorant, I just don't think people deserve $1 for pouring beer into a glass or handing me a bottle from the cooler). One time I ordered my first drink, a beer,  and when I was walking away from the bar, the bartender threw the coaster I left and huffed "is THIS my tip?". Not ok. 

Overall, fun place to go out. They have outdoor seating in the summer which is nice. Maybe one day i'll run into Mac?
Got a few minutes to spare in Philadelphia- you best believe I'll be having lunch Rob McElhenney and Kaitlin Olson's establishment!

EXACTLY WHAT I HOPED. Felt very local (although what do I know), the bartender was delightful, awesome beer selection, incredible food. So, so glad I drove in to check it out!

#alwayssunny #sunnylove
wow..I'm really surprised by some of the reviews.  I Live right down street and have been there a number of times.  Complaining it's not enough of a dive?  Look I'm all for atmosphere but I was afriad to eat or use the bathroom in Skinners.  And the booths, the booths were gross guys.   I understand the air is a glitch right now but could you at least be happy they put AIr in?  Give them a chance.  Maybe next time be pleasant, introduce yourself to the bartender and chill out.   We've had nothing but good visits.
As fans of Always Sunny, my friend and I made Mac's a must-see while we were in Philly for a night.  We did a self-guided pub crawl, so Mac's was first and 2nd to last in our evening.  It wasn't the amazing experience we were hoping for (no celeb sightings), but it was a cool dive bar with a diverse crowd.  This is the kind of bar I'd like to have down the street from my house, and I'd be a regular.
I've been working in Olde City for several months and have eaten and enjoyed great craft beers here many times.  I often bring along business associates for lunch.  This week I was one of five for a Wednesday lunch. 
 
We all ordered varied sandwiches.  I ordered Mac's Meatloaf (Grilled mustard-crusted meatloaf, lettuce, tomato, chipotle mayo on grilled ciabatta bread $8.99).  When it arrived the whole table fell silent and just stared.  It looked that good.  Fortunately for me it also tasted delicious and was accompanied by Mac's famous fries.  This was comfort food at its best.  

As usually happens, everyone in my party agreed that their sandwiches were all excellent.  The chef here really seems to have his act together.  Every few months several menu items change and I look forward to the new taste delights. 
 
The entrance to Mac's is unassuming and it would be easy to just walk on by.  That would be a mistake.
Idunno... I'm still struggling to understand exactly what they're going for here.  It's definitely not an 'Always Sunny' theme bar - much to the dismay of the hardcore fans who add it as a top on their tour of Philly.  It's not really an upscale dining spot.  It's kinda just a bar - with a very good beer selection, good (but not great) food, good (but not great) atmosphere and doesn't really seem to have much ambition.  I'd come back for drinks if I was in the neighborhood, but wouldn't consider it a destination unless the Always Sunny folks were in town.
We came here solely because of the Always Sunny vibes. It wasn't exactly special in the sense of decor or what they offered on the menu. I got the Mac Collins and was disappointed by the gin used. I guess I expected it to taste less like whiskey and more like gin, and it was kind of hard to drink. The waitress was pretty slow too. It was charming and a decent place but just a bit boring and not really different than a lot of bars I've been to.
I checked out Mac's Tavern this past Saturday night.  I liked the setup of the bar, as it was pretty room and had a lot of TV to watch the Phils' game on.

It was pretty cool to see themed foods from the TV show, so I went with Mac's Chicken Sandwich. It wasn't too bad, although I have to say it was a little on the dry side. They also have a pretty good vegetarian selection too.

In terms of positives, I really liked the beer selection. I went with a Sawtooth, which I have never had before. It was also funny that the server gave me a written list of all the beers-probably an way to imitate Paddy's?

Also, for being in Olde City, the price of food and beer was manageable. Most of the items were under $10. So, a meal for two here was a lot better than going to Kabul for dinner.

Overall, I ten to see this place as fun bar to watch games at, and to pre-game at for your night in Olde City.
As a big fan of the TV show "It's Always Overcast in Pittsburgh," I was saddened to see that this bar was actually not a run-down filthy dive replete with dead rats on the bar-top, grease stains on the walls, vomit on the floors, and broken glass in the drinks.  It was a cozy, safe, family-friendly bar with a great beer selection and prices, as well as attentive bartenders.  Which, as I said, is extremely disappointing.  Maybe Danny DeVito can open a really stank, disgusting bar in Philadelphia that nobody would feel good about bringing their children or grandparents to - a place which would actually create the need for some "Charlie work".
I've always been a fan of Mac's. I stop here just about every time I'm in Philly. Great location, bartender is always nice, not overly crowded, and you can still manage to have a conversation with your people without being drowned out by music. 

If you are coming expecting it to be like "Sunny," you will be disappointed. It's just a regular bar with regular people. Nothing fancy.
Grabbed our drinks at the bar until a table opened up. The drinks and atmosphere were nice. Very disappointed in the service. The waitress was very rude and asked me and my family why we sat down, and NEVER came by to offer food or drinks. Good thing we were from out of town because we would not recommend or go back.
Everyone was coming to Mac's  because of the It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia show. There are some cute photos on the wall of people I'm assuming are cast members. Anyway, that had 16 beers on tap - mostly local and around $5-$6 for a pint. They also had WINE ON TAP, which is not something we have in Minnesota, so that was cool. On Sundays (and maybe Saturday's) they do $5 bloodies and mimosas. Win.

Being in Old Town Philly, parking was a challenge, but after rounding the blocks a few times, we found something. 

The bartender and service staff were super friendly, gave great advice on beers, food and where to go next!
Excellent bar, great beer selection and $3 Yuengling drafts. Didn't eat there since I was just stopping in before going to the Phillies game but what was on the menu looked great. If I lived nearby this would be my local watering hole.
As a huge It's Always Sunny Fan I had to go here and was not dissapointed. The loaded gravy fries were excellent and more than enough for 2 people and Mac's tea was so tasty. So tasty and SO strong, would buy again ;) Would be nice if there was more it's always sunny stuff there but still happy to see it.
Had no idea about this bar. My buddy is a huge "It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia" fan and had this on his Must See List when we spent a day in Philly back in October.

We went in on a quiet Friday night and had a couple of drinks. I had a Vodka Tonic and he had a Moscow Mule. I wished my drink had a little more vodka in it, but it was still decent. One of his friends who was local to the area came through and we chopped it up for a couple of hours.

Service was good and the server checked in on us a couple of times.

All in all, a nice bar and one I'd visit again when in Philly.
Loved our stay here. Went all touristy and bought tshirts too. This place was very clean with a very nice, laid back atmosphere. Warning when they say the wings are hot, they really mean it. My lips were burning for half an hour, good thing I love my spice!

This will become our phili visit staple for sure!
I really really like Mac's Tavern as a bar. I would give a solid 4 stars for the bar! As a restaurant, I give them a 3. 
This place is super fun! It's owned by Rob McElhenney from It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia! They have fun little touches all around from the show! 
My husband and I went for food on a Saturday evening. We were in the mood for wings. There was about a 20 minute wait for a table. We ordered beer at the bar while we waited. When we were seated, we choose to split the wings, Mac and cheese, and order of fries. We ordered the hot wings, which we assumed was a classic buffalo sauce. 
Our food came out quickly! The wings were fried perfectly! But the sauce sucked. It just tasted like chili powder. It was so disappointing since the fry was so perfect! The Mac and cheese was so greasy! You could see the oil separating. The cheese blend doesn't work well and it wasn't melted correctly, so it was just oily. Lastly, the French fries were just ok. They are homemade, so they were really brown. They weren't very crispy and they needed salt. Which brings me to my next point. Philadelphia restaurants do not leave salt and pepper on the tables and it is so frustrating! I always have to ask for it. 
Overall, this place is a great bar. The food could be great, but needs some changes.
I went down from NYC with a bunch of friends for the weekend, and we stopped into Mac's Tavern around 6pm on a Sunday for one drink before going to dinner on the way out of town. We were mostly an international crowd and some of my friends had foreign driver's licenses. We didn't think about making sure they brought their passports, because the laws in NYC and Philly are pretty much the same when it comes to valid forms of ID, and every bar in NYC accepts foreign ID cards.

We had a couple issues with one girl from our group being turned away at bars, but this place was WAY too anal about it. We were a group of 9 and were promptly served drinks without EVER being asked for ID, but as soon as our friend showed her Brazilian driver's license, she was refused service and we were told we couldn't be served anymore as long as she was with us. What did they expect us to do? Make her stand outside and watch us have a good time through the window? We chugged our drinks and left without leaving a tip.

I understand the law and that Philly is apparently very strict with the forms of ID they'll accept, but if the bar is willing to serve alcohol to 8 people who was far as they knew had no valid ID, what was one more beer to someone who had actually shown ID from another country? The bartender's excuse was something along the lines of "you could be from the liquor board and we follow the law here" - if that was the case, they would have asked all of us for ID (and another friend only had he Polish ID and was drinking without ever having to show it) and at that point, pouring one more beer shouldn't have been an issue. Even if we were from the liquor board, they served us without carding and would have been equally screwed whether they served her or not.

I'll never go back to this place, and from now on I'll make sure my friends bring their passports, but Mac's was entirely too anal about it, even after serving the rest of us without checking ID. I'd give them 0 stars if I could.
Great service! So friendly and nice to turn PGA Championship on. And he gave us a couple of tester beers b4 we ordered a couple pints of Horny Goat IPA. 

The Macs Gravy Fries were AMAZING! So fresh and gooey.

Beers coulda been slightly colder.
Have to agree with the many others that service is really terrible. Literally my boyfriend and I just wanted a shot of Jameson to be a patron of the bar as a supporting fan of the owner. After ordering, the bartender said there wasn't enough in the bottle for 2 shots and didn't want to open another bottle? This was at 4:30p on football Sunday...Will no one else order Jameson for the rest of the day? The week even? And then suggested Fireball as an alternative? Because they are so similar. There was some drunk blonde lady at the bar telling her what to do though, I'm guessing the manager, which was very unprofessional. We had wrapped up sandwiches from an outside place and the drunk blonde told the bartender to tell us we couldn't eat them. All we wanted was to get one shot and leave which seemed like too much for the bartender and her drunk boss to handle. We never even sat down! Very uncomfortable situation walking in and having a bar full of super drunk locals stare at you for the full 5 minutes we were there to get a shot of something we didn't want. Very, very disappointing experience. :(
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia and it always seems packed in Mac's Tavern.  While that is certainly a good sign, truth be told there isn't much special about it.  The bar is huge, I mean way to big for the location huge.  The food is decent but the wait for a beer at the bar is ridiculously too long.
I found myself in Philly yesterday and we had to find a place to watch the Caps game that was on in the afternoon.   We parked downtown and walked around trying to look for a place and found an option over on 2nd st.  On our way there though we passed a bar that had windows open and looked nice on the inside, but it wasn't our destination. 

However, I had this feeling that that would be the place we would end up.  After we checked out the place we intended to go and decided against it, we ran into a local who told us to go to Mac's.  We ended up going back and when we went inside the staff was more than accommodating to a few Caps fans in enemy territory.  

They have an excellent selection of beer and their food menu looked pretty solid.  The burgers here looked awesome, although we were still stuffed from cheesesteaks so we had to take it easy.  At one point we did order wings, gravy fries, small fries, and chicken tenders to share among the group.  All of them were quite tasty and it was a shame that we couldn't eat any more as there were plenty of items on the menu that looked great.

Whenever I'm in Philly and need to find a bar to go to, I'll probably come back to this one.
The waitress here on a Saturday night was a bit slow and annoying. Took awhile to take our order when it wasn't full at the bar. She sang along to the music. Found it annoying because her voice was nasally. 

Other than that the mac and cheese was delicious. We each got a drink. I got mac's tea (special drink) It was a lemon version of long island ice tea. Loved it!
How could I visit Philadelphia and not check out something related to the highly popular "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" television show.  Formed, amongst others, by Rob and Kaitlin McElhenney, this bar is a comfortable and convenient location to visit in Olde City.  After wandering around the City Hall area and asking the few people we encountered, we were sent over to Olde City to check out where all the action was at.

Mac's Tavern is very welcoming, has plenty of seating, and offers a wide variety of beer both on draft and bottled.  I was excited to try some of the local options from the Philadelphia Brewing Company, as well as indulge in a few Guinness and Original Sin glasses.  Lots of specials are offered, especially during Phillies' games including $2 PBR and Miller High Life cans.

Speaking of baseball, the day I visited, the Red Sox were having a very exciting game against the Orioles (15-10 Sox win).  As this was obviously not the game of choice to watch in Philadelphia, as the Phillies were playing the Cubs, we sheepishly asked the bartender if he could spare a television to check out our home teams action.  The bar was not crowded this Monday night and without hesitation he flipped through the channels and found our game in the back of the bar.  As a New England sports fan, I know how crazy fans can get, and was surprised/thankful that the staff and other patrons had no issues with us cheering on our home team.

I did not get a chance to try out the food here, but the beer and mixed drinks alone were worth the visit.  The bartender was out-of-his-way helpful and provided us with information on other nightlife hot spots to check out.  Overall, a decent place with solid service.
It's better than bad it's good!

My experience was a beer (coors light bottle) and the crab cake sandwich that was on special. The beer was cold. The sandwich was plenty lump as advertised with some crispy shoestring fries on the side. Service was excellent at the bar and I was very impressed with the vast beer selection. I was there on first Friday and the staff all around handled the crowd like pros, no delays in any area. 

Price was maybe a buck too high, but then again, olde city. I didn't really see or notice anything "it's always sunny" except for some silly heads on the upper walls; quite possible a good thing. I didn't get a sticky dank dive feel given the tasty food, but rather a fun loud bar.

I will return to try their version of a poutine with a different brew.
Went here for a happy hour on a Thursday.

Nice place, quick service, not crowded, decent atmosphere.

Happy hour special was $1 off drafts, but that meant they were still $5.50, a little high. 

Also had their Sweet Garlic wings (large order) $15!!!!! Way over priced. Good but over priced.

Probably wouldn't go back here.
Heyooo!! It's always sunny @ macs tavern. Cute lil neighborhood bar with a casual vibe.
I want to like Mac's. But every time I go in there I feel like I'm back at a Prep mixer, just with the ratio switched. The place is always filled with a mostly-men crowd, which drunkenly hit on any girl that steps in. I think the frat bar nights are behind me, so even the solid beer selection can't really outweigh the sloppy other customers.
Definitely going to give this place another shot but I've been here once and I'm not in love with the place by any means. For the record: I was neither a huge fan of Skinner's nor do I watch "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" - does that make me an unbiased reviewer of this spot? I hope so.

Yes the booths are gone. Deal with it. They were kinda gross.

The beer list looked decent, but nothing mind-blowing. It was your typical fare with a few craft brews and local selections. The really shitty food is gone. I'm not crying about that.

The food has improved for sure. What's truly fascinating is the amount fries that are more or less casserole dishes in their own right. I had some "Pot Pie" fries - which had chicken, gravy, peas, and cheese. It was pretty intense. There's a few other fry dishes that are similar. The Pot Pie fries however kind of fell short ultimately. They were okay, maybe the crazy idea just sounded better on paper. Portion-wise, they were more than a meal by themselves. Be warned.

Shared that fry dish with a friend and we also split a cheese steak. And frankly, I was pretty disappointed with it. For a place co-owned by a bunch of Philadelphians, right in Old City, I basically had some bizarre sandwich as if I'd ordered it in LA or something.

Large chewy steak strips on some miscellaneous roll. It was basically like the horror stories I've heard from some Philly natives who now live on the West Coast. What's the deal with that? Objectively speaking, it was a decent sandwich but not anything close to a traditional cheesesteak by any means.

I'll have to give this place a second chance and document their so-so food in photos, so I have evidence of my criticisms. Honestly speaking though, the food is like a 3000% upgrade from Skinner's dishes. To give it some credit though, I will miss having such a dive right in Old City.
By now everyone knows this bar is associated with the It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia show and a lot of these reviews mention that.  So to warn you, I have no affiliation with the It's Always Sunny show, nor do i have crushes on any of the actors or actresses in the show, or the owners of this bar.  I watched the show few times and thought it was funny.  Also, I used to go to Skinners and whatever it was called before that, and this has always been a prime people watching outdoor drinking spot in OC, so we decided to come here for drinks and dinner.  The difference as of at least yesterday, now that Mac's is here, is that the service at the outdoor tables was great.  The waitress didn't leave us hanging for our next beer or check just because we were outside. On top of that, there are more than 10 beers on tap AND the food was really good.  I had the Seitan Sandwich which was actually the size of two sandwiches and amazing (the shoestring fries it came with weren't great, though).  The app special was mexican style corn on the cob, with chipotle and parm, again - amazing for bar corn (could have come with corn holders, though, it was messy).  My husband went for one of the "gravy fry" entrees - basically thick cut fries with steak and veggies and cheese on top.  Juju Ginger beer  and Carlsberg on tap.  I was only inside for 5 seconds so I dont know if the old divey bathrooms were redone, but I would definitely go back to find out.  
The one thing (has to be something) is that the menus we got handed to us were absolutely gross. Ratty tattered greased up thin paper. The menu deserves better that that and so do I.  Eew!
We totally had to come here wearing our Always Sunny t-shirts, because we are ridiculous.  I really enjoyed this place.   My husband had a salad, which he really liked.  I had the crab cakes appetizer thing, which was absolutely delicious.  We got some fries too, which were great.  AND, we got to play pub trivia, which is always a good time.
Definitely my favorite place to go to in Old City, Awesome beer selection, and the food is pretty good too, you have to try the Mexican Gravy Fries, better than nachos, and I LOVE nachos...fantastic.  Oh yeah, and the atmosphere is very chill, but still lively, dang talking about it I wanna go there right now, lol...
First time here and it was AWESOME! Peter was our server and he alone was 5 stars. Great food, great service, great place.  I will definitely be back!
Nice local bar to grab a beer.  Although this place was made famous by the "It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia" TV show, it doesn't have any of the gimmicky or touristy feel that visiting the Cheers bar in Boston has.  This pretty much is a local neighborhood bar, picked up from it's hidden location and dropped down smack dab in the middle of Old City.  When the bumping bass and flashing lights of the 2nd Street clubs, or the clouds of apple scented hookah smoke become too much for you, this is a relaxing and tranquil place to grab a pint with no judgment or worries.  Also, great pre-game location and an easy spot to have friends meet you at.
My husband & I have been on the search for "our place" - a bar around the corner from our apartment where you can go during the week and know that you'll have a great meal & good drinks without any fuss.  So far, Mac's is the closest we've been able to come to this.   It gets a little crazy (and quite frankly too crowded) for my liking on the weekends, but there's no better place to go on a Tuesday night, sit at the bar, and have some good food & good beer.  
I love that they have Wells Bombadier in bottles, along with a ton of other great local (& not so local) beer selections.  As far as food goes, I'm partial to the fish tacos.  The fish is always fresh & crispy, and the sides that come with it are great too.. guac, pico & a chipotle/lime aioli.  You also can't go wrong with a $4 shot of Jack Honey.  Enjoy!
Don't bother. We ordered the pretzel
battered chicken strips and the aioli fries. The chicken strips were nothing special, couldn't taste any pretzel batter, very small portion for the price. The fries were way overcooked, brown and saugie and the aioli had no flavor. The two beers my boyfriend ordered (first choice was a yueng ling and second choice was an IPA) from their menu, were both tapped, so he had to order a house special IPA, I wanted an Irish Cider, but they didn't have that, so ended up with a blueberry peach cider, not very good. Bartender seemed very unhappy and there was a another loud lady that was behind the bar, not sure what her role was, since she was only seating people, not serving. Anyway, don't bother with this place, not up to the hype.
Probably will not come back. Charged $18.50 for two draft beers. Did they accidentally give me someone else's check?
I went to Mac's after seeing their great happy hour specials. They seemed to have a good bar food menu with nice prices and even cheaper drinks. As expected, the drinks were cheap - but I was disappointed in the food. For their happy hour menu, the portions seemed cut. I can't imagine spending full price for 3 chicken fingers, or a few small wings. Overall, the low prices matched the quality. A lot of dive bars have some charm - but Macs definitely fell flat.
Cool vibe, good beer selection, nice mix of hip hop and cut copy-esque music, and most importantly...awesome quizzo on Wednesday nights. Team Urethra Franklin...what what!
Your typical tavern. Just had some drinks. Relaxing and watching the rain. Beer prices were high. Had a cool local feel for a pub right off of market.
I've been to Mac's now several times and all in all for a brand new business it is a great place. The vibe is good, the people are friendly, and the food is amazing.  A must try is the pork sandwich and the calamari. As soon as the kinks are worked out (like air conditioning) this place will be the best spot for a beer and a sandwich in old city.
A few friends of mine and I are It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia fans, and we decided to take a road trip to Philadelphia to go to the tavern and explore Philadelphia. The service was very disappointing. As former reviews have stated, the bartender and server were both very rude. The server forgot several of our requests and had to keep going back to the kitchen (Ex. I added shrimp to my salad-no shrimp) We were the only ones in the restaurant, and the server walked past our table several times without making eye contact with us. We had to flag her down to correct our orders and then it appeared we were bothering her.  The only saving grace was the Macs Iced Tea. I'm glad we all got to see it, but if you're a huge fan of the show, there's not much memorabilia in the restaurant and the service wasn't great.
Food was okay, calamari was really good, fish tacos okay but cheesesteak wasn't good and the fries were
Undercooked. 
Service was....well, we were told they do not give out the wifi password and that they offer NO additions or subsitutions on their specials....so I couldn't  add chicken for an up charge on the special Greek salad. 

Definitely more of a spot for drinks.....
This is a good little bar in olde city, especially if you are into Its Always Sunny in Philadelphia. They have great beers on tap and also $2 PBR's. I would say it's more if an indie bar than a sports bar, but then again I've never been there for a game. The bartenders are nice and friendly, which is a plus. The best thing that I experienced was always being able to get a bartender's attention and my ability to get a drink as soon as I waved one down, which is a huge plus when you have to wait forever for a drink in other bars in the area. Unfortunately I cannot speak for the food, but I will go back and try it at some point.
Mac's tavern is a perfectly prepared filet mignon served between two pieces of wonder bread. The beer selection is amazing but the bar tender is a beertard (now don't go getting all offended, I truly mean his bear IQ is bellow 70 points so what I am saying is actual fact). There was an expensive ale with high alcohol content so I thought maybe double IPA even though it was not labeled as such. I ask beer dude to clarify, and he replies "uh...yah". Is this him being a douche bag or is he unsure? I throw caution to the wind and order the beer. Not double IPA, not IPA at all. In fact, beer completely lacks any hoppiness. Here is my advice, bartenders of Philadelphia, when you are unsure don't make the mistake that your customer is clueless as well. Just pour them a tiny sip and the worst that could happen is they don't purchase said beer and they pick something they are happy with. Come on people, this is bartending, not rocket science! Strike one. My pals arrive and we head to a table. We all order our food and in very little time, it starts materializing at our table. The mac and cheese is orgasmic. Who would have thought that some crushed up corn chips on top would make all the difference? The french onion soup is also very good, although I feel that the spare rib is overkill. The burger came out perfectly prepared and even the meatloaf sandwich is something to leave out of your conversation with mom so as not to make her jealous. The only problem is that not one of these delectable food items belong to me. The server forgot to punch in my order. Now don't get me wrong, I have a soft spot in my heart for servers as I was one for many years. BUT... girl wrote everything down. How do you forget something that is staring up at you from the paper in your hand? When my poutine (fries with gravy, cheese, spare rib meat) does finally arrive it is awesome. Except that all my friends are finished and ready to leave. Strike two. The final strike is the rediculously loud music that makes it impossible to converse over an extremely tasty dinner. The food and beer are filet. The service and atmosphere are wonder bread. The complete incompetence of the staff is very reminiscent of the joint's namesake. Sorry, Mac-Dude the irony on this one is lost on me.
If you could give it zero stars we would. TERRIBLE. 
And sadly I blame this on the bartender. We ordered soup and after waiting for what seemed like a long time, we asked if we could have it before our entree's came out. He went back to the kitchen and came back out with everything we had ordered. the soup was barely warm and the fish and chips were soggy because they sat in the window while the bartender bitched about everything under the sun to his friends sitting at the bar. 
The worst part is we drove there from Pittsburgh and it was 1 of 4 places we made it a point to stop. So for a bartender to just in a sense not really care about his bar guests for that morning, it really sucked. Not to mention I'm in the same industry, so trey you messed up, because you just took your tip from a 40% to a 20% . We won't be back next time around.
To sum it up, it's an average bar with ties to a very well-known TV show - but that fact doesn't make the food or much else better. When I went they had $4 White Rascal's and on top of that I had the normal gravy fries. $11 for fries, steep to say the least. They were steak fries, covered in gravy and mozzarella cheese and while pretty damn good, I would be hesitant to say that they're worth the price. Service was good, sometimes a little slow, but still friendly.
So I'm still not sure how I feel about Mac's Tavern, I've been here like 3 times, and I've had the food. and drinks. and had good service once, shitty awful service once and okay service once. What does this mean? well I don't know. I enjoy their fries and they have a decent beer list. But when a waitress ignores me and there are literally 2 other patrons in the bar- we have something wrong here. 

I will definitely give it a try in the future, but it certainly has major competition what with so many always winning bars in olde city.
Stopped in here Sunday nite with my family after a long day at the Franklin Institute. There were six of us and there were tables for six in the rear of the place, all with reserved signs on them. What's with that? We might have walked out if someone hadn't wandered over. We sat at the middle table which was a mistake as water from the AC vent above was dripping on my daughter, so we moved to the side table. The bartender came right over and we ordered drinks. Lots of nice craft beers on their list. The waiter finally came over and took our orders. Skip the chicken wings as they were very tiny and overdone, but the calamari was super tender and delicious.
I ordered their half pound burger which was very good. They could work on the fries to get them more crispy. Everyone liked their food and we would go back. Service was friendly, attentive but somewhat pokey, but after reading some reviews, we expected that and it was not a problem. Neat place!
Mac's had to work very, very hard to earn that 3-star rating, and had to claw its way back up from a much lower one, at that.  While there is nothing really wrong going on here, something was just off .

Mac's prides itself on its large beer list which, while it is long, is not really that impressive if you know your beer.  Nothing on there is very unique, and the list is thinned out by the long section of humdrum domestics.  What microbrews they do have are not very impressive either.  While they do have a few hard to find beers, like the Old Speckled Hen, it's mostly made up of the larger, easily available beers.  Honestly, you can go almost anywhere these days for a Bells, Dogfishhead, or a Rogue.  Really, there is nothing WRONG with their section, but its nothing very clever, either.  Their large chalkboard beer list on the wall could use some updating as well.  Many of the choices were no longer available, and it sounds like they may have been gone for a while. 

I also wasn't terribly impressed with the waitstaff, but I did come around on this.  When we first sat down, our guy was a little odd, and gave off an attitude like he had much, much better things to do than listen to my questions about beers that he couldn't answer anyway.  For a weekday, and not a very busy one, either, he was very hard to get a hold of, and probably made it a point to avert his gaze when he walked by.  He did come around a little at the end.  When I was a little unsure on what to order, he gave me three very different samples of some of their best sellers to help me make my mind up.

So, if you're in the area, Mac's might not be a bad choice for the convenience.  The prices aren't outrageous for the types of beer they offer or the neighborhood in which they're selling them, and the food that my friends ordered looked pretty fantastic.  They seemed to enjoy it, and the sweet potato fries I snatched were pretty good.  Unless you got yourself a Groupon, like I did, it's not really worth the trip across town.  You could do better, but you could also do much, much worse.
OK, I've been here once and I think I'm going to love this place!  Stopped by just before happy hour and sat at the bar.  I perused the amazing variety of beers.  The bartender was pleasant and knowledgeable.  The only thing better would be if he was the opposite sex and gorgeous.  But hey, you can't have everything!

The place was just starting to fill up.  It was an interesting mix of blue collar, white collar, and the occasional tourist.  There was even a couple sitting at a table with a beautiful Labrador retriever at their feet. 
 
Although I was at the bar, I was watching the wait staff work.  They appeared to be friendly and efficient.  Always a good thing.  

My beers were great.  Yelpers have commented on the fries so I ordered a plate.  I urge you to do the same.  They are really excellent.  The small size was a meal for me.  They have a large.  It scares me to think about it!

I can't wait to come back for more great beer and to try some of the food.
rude service, overpriced food and drinks, and horrible atmosphere.  who wants to spend money at a place they are disrespected by the servers and bartenders? there are many bars in old city.  no need to go here.
I've been here a few times and each time has been worse than the last.  Most recently, the bartender added drinks that I didn't order and when I called him out on it, he gave me an attitude.  The manager even came over and was rude as well. Somehow it's my fault that numerous mixed drinks showed up on a tab of a couple who was drinking beer all night?  Service - horrible, Food - mediocre, Price - typical Old City.

As a local, I won't be returning to the Mac's tourist trap.
Im relatively sure there is a decent bar somewhere under the thick layers of old city douchiness that cover this place, but its definitely not worth digging for at midnight on a saturday.
I came on Saturday in the afternoon and enjoyed my time there. The staff was friendly and willing to chat with you. They have a decent draft and bottle list. I ordered the Dante Piccante burger and it was spicy, but delicious! I will come back for a bite and beer!
Mac's is located on a street of philadelphia staples, so its a bit easy to overlook.  Went in there because it was owned by some of the people on "its always sunny..." 

Though in the heart of the most historic areas in the city, the bars tries to paint its self as a dive bar, however because everything is new and pristine it tends to look a bit more trendy than divey.

I had a cheese steak and i can say it was right on par with any cheese steak you can get in the city, won't blow your mind but if ur in the mood its a safe bet... I  have also had the cheesesteak eggrolls which i would not recommend.  First because they are $12 for 6 smaller pieces and they are more corn dog and egg roll The beers were a bit pricey at $7 especially for a place that has a subtle hint of paddy's pub, however they do have specials during happy hour that make it pretty cheap

Overall i would say this is an avg bar which can be easily overlooked if it were not owned by some Philadelphia celebs. Not dying to go back, but if someone wanted to go i would not fight them.
Came here on Friday night without a reservation... Waitress said she would come find us at the bar when she had a table open up. Saw a party from the back leave and she grabed a few people and filled the open spots... Then she started filling other open spots with people who walked in after us. The 2 beers we had were great. But didnt get a chance to try any food as the waitress seemed to forget about us and we decided to leave. WIll try back again for food.. Atmosphere was loud, but not overly crowded. Bar has a couple open sports @ 9pm.
Yay!

I came here because I'm a fan of 'It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia' but was pleasantly surprised to find a lovely, clean bar (instead of the mess that is Paddy's Pub).

There's a great selection of beers and several televisions playing various games and matches.

The staff are eager and helpful and accommodating.
I've been dying to go to Mac's Tavern ever since I found out it was owned by Alway's Sunny's Mac and Dee. 

Mac's Tavern is no Paddy's Pub.. which is a good and bad thing. The service at Mac's is definitely better than what you would expect at Paddy's. It did feel a little cramped inside, but the location is small. I loved the Phildelphia decor/theme- but I was surprised I didn't see more Alway's Sunny stuff. The drink selection was pretty decent and the food was what you would expect of a bar. They even had happy hour specials! The prices were reasonable, especially for the location, and I enjoyed everything that I had. 

Mac's is definitely a cool place to check out for drinks while in old city!
Mediocre food. Way over priced for quality. Tried the wings and the salad...nothing to write home about. Had to go next door to Sonny's for cheesteake which was amazing and half the price. And Who charges for one refill on a soda??? This place.
I too was a huge fan of Skinner's prior to this place.  That place will hold a dear spot in my heart.  Gone are the booths, the darkness, the cigarette machine (I don't smoke, but it was nostalgic!), the dive feel of the bar.  In are flat screen tvs (I want flat screens at certain bars...this isn't one of them), a "cleaner" feel (how is that a bad thing?  I don't know...but it is in this instance), more modern.  

Maybe I'm being picky, but it just didn't feel right here.  It just feels so boring in here now, like every other bar - there's nothing special.  It's like if they made Dirty Franks modern...blasphemous!
I was a huge fan of Skinner's, so I am probably a little biased about the changes here.

It has been spruced up quite a bit-- It's a nice bar to hang out in.  But that's it.  It's no longer divey enough to be a dive, and its not upscale enough to be anything special.  A friendly neighborhood pub with some sidewalk tables.

The PBRs are stilla good deal and the food is reasonable.  I had the grilled cheese, which is made with provolone.  I was skeptical, but it was pretty good.  Nothing crazy good, but good.  My husband had the deep-fried cheesesteak (sort of like a cheesesteak egg roll, sliced on the bias) and again it was pretty good.  Wouldn't make a special trip here, but if I was here, I'd surely order some food.

While we were sitting out in front of the bar enjoying our drinks, a film crew did show up and do some filming of the exterior.  No star sightings though!
