From high restaurant prices great things are expected.

No doubt, Macaroni is a high end Italian house just off Old Bustleton Avenue in Northeast Philly, with cool dim lighting, modern appointments, black and white service and outdoor pergola for al fresco drinks and dining. Atmosphere is hushed and romantic. Settling in comes with a full plate of hopeful excitement that a special moment is on the way. 

And, it almost is. 

Our sauteed long hot pepper table tapas was great, but the bread past its prime, and dry. The calamari fritti was excellent with perfect deep frying and plenty of sliced hot peppers. The chicken parmesan was hugh and delicious, while the cavatelli and crab used shellfish no longer fresh and sweet, but fishy like it was a day too old. Finally, the bronzino special was two whole fish fillets in skin that was soft and tender, but plated with a bland mushroom accompaniment and too mild tawny sauce that left the tongue wanting more flavor. At $37, it was a deep water disappointment. 

Most of us work hard for our money and don't like giving it away for a mezza mezza meal. With as many ups and downs as experienced at Macaroni, someone needs to call them on their "emperor's new clothes" reality. If they want to be special and charge premium dollars for the privilege of a table, they need alot more consistency and a bit less pretension.
Prior to heading to dinner, I read the reviews for Macaroni and noted the mixed results.  I was considering taking a pass, but a coworker from another office wanted to try somewhere new, so I rolled the dice.  I am glad I did.

I look at the negative reviews and can't seem to agree with anything that was said:
* Center City prices? I wouldn't say Macaroni was cheap, but prices were in line with the quality and service provided.  We spent about $100 (before tip) on 2 apps, 2 entrees (including the daily special), and 2 desserts.
* Small portions? People know I can eat and I still had to have part of my entree boxed up so I'd have room for dessert.
* It's small inside? So what?  It's not like the tables are small and tight, its just that they don't have that many tables.  I guess that means there might be a wait.  Trust me, its worth it!

Actually, the only con is the lack of a parking.  It is street parking unless you want to park in the shopping center behind it. Not sure if that is technically allowed but I did it and didn't have a problem.
The Northeast has long been barren of any quality restaurants. Unfortunately, it still lacks a truly classy spot. 
After checking in for our reservation, my first impression was that the place was loud. I mean sports bar loud. We were served promptly by the bartender and I asked to see the cocktail menu. I was pleasantly surprised by the drink offerings. I had the New Fashioned, which was delicious. The bar area was extremely loud and was showing sports on the TV. To me, there should not be sports on TV at a nice restaurant. This wasn't some chain, but by many reviews, the pinnacle of NE dining. I continued to be hopeful while we were seated. 
The waiter was pleasant and well informed of the specials. I ordered the Gin and Sin drink next and two appetizers: Brussel Sprouts and Mozzarella e Carpazzo. The Mozzarella came out first and my girlfriend made the observation that it looked like "Fancy Grilled Cheese". This is where I had to do a double take and make sure this wasn't Olive Garden. The dish was decent, but lacked the flavor that one would expect. The Brussel Sprouts were just bad and burnt. Tasteless minus the overly charred with a little balsamic. We were also given bread, but no butter or oil. Weird...
I will take the full blame for allowing us to be seated in literally the worst table in the joint. It was right near the kitchen door, which opened and closed about 100 times. I think that if they put up some type of screen or curtain that would make the table and honestly the entire room more pleasant. The volume in the dining area was actually louder than the bar area. Literally could not hear each other from across the table. Lip reading would be a good quality to have if you dine here. I looked up at the lights and noticed that there were either bugs or large pieces of debris that could be seen in them. Gross, but that wasn't the last gross thing we encountered.
For dinner we ordered the Cioppino and the Filet. The place was busy, but we waited an inordinate amount of time for the main course. The filet was decent. The Ciopinno had alot of Mussels and clams, but only two shrimp and barely any "colossal crab meat". Now the main course wasnt terrible...it just was, well pedestrian. Both entrees lacked the layers of flavor that one would expect at a finer restaurant at above average pricing. 
Of note, we did not see our waiter again until he asked if we wanted dessert. I would expect more attentive service at an upper echelon restaurant. 
We declined dessert, coffee, and espresso. 
Once we both got up to leave is the point when I was really disgusted. The chairs were absolutely filthy and stained. I was ashamed I did not notice it before I sat down. As you can see in the picture, the chair looked like what I would think a mattress does at the Hub Motel (not that I would know lol). 
I only gave this two stars because the two drinks I had were very good. The ambiance, cleanliness, and subpar food offerings would not bring me back here. I did not expect Vetri folks, but I also didnt expect Olive Garden Plus. My advice is to take the drive downtown and go somewhere good...Or clean. Clean would have been nice too.
Went here on a whim. The place looks like they converted an old funeral home into a lounge style restaurant. We had no reservation so were seating in the lounge even the place looked empty. My main gripe is that the food is not worth the price tag. They are trying to serve center city trendy food at the prices you would expect in the art district downtown. Well it is not worth it. Much like a Starr place you are paying more for atmosphere here than quality. I mean their dessert are bought frozen. I know this because we ordered one and it was given to us still frozen. We alerted the waitress and she replaced it explaining that there were two and she grabbed the still frozen one. Classy. Oh well I know too many places that serve way better food for the same or cheaper price.
Ate here with family for a graduation party - about 12 guests. Our table was supposedly ready but we were not sat until close to one hour after our reservation time (naturally everyone flocked to the bar and you know how hard it is getting people away from one, but still). We were given bread, with these delicious peppers, but no oil, butter, or anything else that is normally served with bread. When we noticed, we asked 3 times, and never received it. Our appetizers came out, albeit slowly - got some sort of sausage dish, shrimp, and calamari - the sausage dish was good, but not special, the shrimp were tasty, and the calamari were cold, rubbery, and bland.  The main courses came out almost an hour later (yes, that long) and some were cold. I ordered the fish special, which was cooked well (crispy skin!!!) but just slightly above room temperature at best. 
While the food was okay (2 stars), the service was deplorable. Slow, unresponsive, and didn't receive anything without asking 3 or 4 times, if we were lucky. For a party of 12, we were there for almost 4 hours from entering to receiving the (inflated) check. 
The servers were nonexistent, never offered one wine list nor dessert menu, and literally nobody was around if we needed something. The worst part of it was, at the end, the guy I'm guessing was the owner (short monkey looking guy) apologized not to the payers of the check, but rather to a regular who happened to be in the party. This was very off-putting. I used to hold this place in high esteem as one of the last decent restaurants in Northeast Philadelphia - the owners definitely put a lot of work into it, but now if I want Italian, I'll stay in South Philadelphia or Center City.
We have been here many times before there reopening this is our first return since and for us it appears that something is wrong.We were very much looking forward to a great meal as always, I ordered my usual, Veal Saltimbocca and my wife had rack of lamb.Disappointing is how I would describe a formally delicious dish,bitter as if the ingredients were off, just not that good Iv'e had this dish at least 5 times. The lamb, tender but lacked any real flavor,no seasoning, there was supposed to be a dimi-glaze that was a few small drizzles,nothing to impressive at all... no wow factor here any more.Well, I don't know what there doing differently but it's not working for us,which really sucks because this was one of our go-to places for a real fine meal.

PS:That post by tlo k. reads like an add for this restaurant..IMO
The food was really 4 stars but I take away two stars for the following reasons:

1. This place is WAAAYYYY overpriced.  I for one, do not believe in paying Center City prices in Northeast Philadelphia.  $144 for 2 appetizers, 2 entrees one soup and one salad and get this $11 Stoli Cosmos.  I'm sorry-I didn't realize I was in Rittenhouse Square. 
 
2. Portions were very small

3. They did not have high chairs for kids.  While I did know I wasn't walking into a Houlihans, my baby is quiet in restaurants and I didn't expect that I would have to sit him in his car seat on top of a chair.  They may as well have had a sign saying "No children allowed"  and had they, I wouldn't have been upset.

on to the food...
Seafood root vegetable bisque-one of the best soups I have eve had
Caesar Salad-I have had better
Mushrooms and Crab meat appetizer-meh

Lobster ravioli-one of the best I have ever had

Tiramisu-outstanding.

I would recommend this place, just be ready to pay big money in a mediocre location.
My boyfriend and I made reservations here for our 1 year anniversary. We made reservations for a Saturday at 7:30pm, 5 days in advance. I have been here before and absolutely loved it. We were seated 15 mins late, ok they were busy. We got seated and ordered. Our food didn't arrive til an hour later. The food was hot and delicious but I noticed we waited around for someone to come to our table after that. My boyfriend even said, "where's our waiter? At Least it's nice he's not bothering us during our romantic dinner." Turns out, we got a different waiter. We ended up waiting to get our check and that point I was fuming! Why do I have to wait 30 mins for you to pick up the check to get out of here? On the way out we asked to see the manager. Turns out there was none and we talked to two waiters about our displeasure. We received NO apology or compensation. We are never going back! Oh and our check was $120.00 for two people.
I agree with most of these reviews...excellent food, but a few other aspects could use some work. 
The ambiance is pretty romantic and upscale, most unexpected for Bustleton Avenue! I hear there is a lovely patio that I will certainly be back to check out in warmer weather. 
Service was very friendly, if a bit disorganized. We were approached by three different waiters who didn't realize we already had placed an order, but I suppose that's better than the alternative!
Now, the food! We started with the Kobe meatballs which were fantastic. The red sauce here is the best I've ever had at a restaurant, as was the ricotta that the meatballs were served on. For the main event I ordered the gnocchi pomodoro, and I can't recommend this dish enough. It is one of, if not the best, pasta dishes I have ever ordered out. The gnocchi were delicious and made with the same aforementioened high quality ricotta cheese. The pomodoro sauce was perfection.  It was made with chili oil so it was a bit spicy but it added perfectly to the flavor of the dish. My boyfriend got lobster ravioli, and it was probably the best lobster ravioli I've ever tasted. 
One thing that kinda miffed me...no bread! I'm not sure if this was an oversight or standard operating procedure, but, not cool! With all that delicious sauce, one needs bread to enjoy every bit of their dish. 
We would have had dessert, but by 8:30 on a Sunday they had run out of everything but some tart. I'm sure there it was a good tart, but I was hoping for tiramisu or something, so I opted to skip. 
Now my other point of contention is the price points. Methinks $25 for gnocchi pomodoro, no meat or anything, is a bit much. It was delicious, but as a fellow yelper pointed out, this is Bustleton Ave not Center City!
Despite the skewed price points and egregious misappropriation of bread I will definitely be back for more delicious gnocchi!
When I read the other reviews citing a five star Italian restaurant at this location, I though they were a misprint.  But this place really is that good.  While not cheap, the food is fresh and the preparations unique.  In fact, between the four of us, there was no single food item that was not excellent.
So, first of all this place is way over priced and the food portions are too small. Not worth it for the cost at all. Second of all my grandparents had sand in their clams and when they told the waiter he basically said, "What do you want me to do about it?" 
He continued on with, "Clams come from the ocean. We do our best to get all the sand out." Instead of just agreeing and taking the plate back he came up with a ton of excuses. For the cost of the food here, it's not worth that. I had scallops and found a few bits of sand. How does that even happen?! 

Of course we don't expect a free meal, but at least try to be a bit accommodating. The waiter was just very rude about it and we'll never go there again.
Stopped here tonight for take out. Although I appreciate the fact that they made something not normally on the menu (Spaghetti Carbonara) it was so salty, it was inedible. For $25 for a take out pasta entree I expected much more. Will never go back. There are restaurants in Center City that are way more reasonable with higher quality food.
this is the best restaurant in philly. doesnt look like much from the outside. but when you step in , youre in another world. EVERYTHING is amazing. always consistent.  the bar area is adorable. i love to sit there and have a great glass of wine while waiting for a table. the service is impeccable. its a real dining experience. 
its sexy. perfect for dates or to impress someone. 
its been too long since ive been there. need to get there asap. but being in the NE its just not convenient for my south philly self. but sooooo worth the trip.
My husband and I went back to Macaroni's  on Saturday night 3/25/12..  This was our second time  here one year apart.. The food sadly went downhill, since our last visit. I ordered a shrimp and pasta dish and never had more overcooked shrimp..they were like rubber.. The pasta sauce was bitter and without flavor.. My husbands dinner was not  as good as  the last time either.. He had a steak , that  had a flavorless sauce with it.  My appetizer was also not  good, and lacking flavor ...
When I read the recent reviews, I did not believe them until we experienced ourselves the less then par food.. That is why I have decided to  update my last favorable review.. We were both sad to  see how commercial this once special place has  become..
We waited in front of this restaurant for 10 minutes to be seated. The waiter was nowhere to be found despite only one couple sitting in the place. Once we found him by walking around he told us he was busy and allowed us to wait 5 more minutes. 
I cannot review the food because I did not wait 20 minutes to be seated in an empty restaurant.
Last night was my first visit in years and though some things have changed, I was so very happy to be back at Macaronis. The server was excellent, friendly, personable and attentive. We started with a bottle of red which was very good and worth the $30 price tag, we would have paid much more by the glass. The peppers that start the meal are always delicious with just a hint of spice from the red pepper flakes. To start we had the seared diver scallops, with crispy pancetta atop a parsnip purée, drizzled with fennel oil, HEAVEN. My husband ordered the filet med rare which was served on a basil cream sauce with sundried tomatoes, jumbo lump crab meat and garlic mashed and it was the most tender steak ever! I had the lobster ravioli which was loaded with lobster and in the most AMAZING lobster sauce I have ever tasted, I almost asked for a spoon so I could get as much of it in my mouth per bite as possible! We skipped on dessert and ordered a cheese plate. It had an aged parm, a in house made mozzarella (the star of the plate) and a Gorgonzola, we are suckers for cheese plates :) what a wonderful night and meal and can't wait for a special occasion to visit again!!
Drastically overpriced. Horrendous service. They charge Center City prices for Northeast Philly food. Staff argued with us about the bad food. Got the checks wrong three times.. Rib eye had to be sent back. Worst rack of lamb I've ever had. Coffee was lukewarm. Never going back
The worst service I've ever had ! Being a bartender for 20 years I'd expect more. Hostess was very nice . That was it! 
Old male bartender and other guy in back wouldn't acknowledge us. Two of them and not busy .After being ignored then "bugging" him for menus we decided to tip the hostess and go to the restaurant . We had to ask for drinks ,ask for bread ,and then sat for 90 minutes for our food after asking again !!!! The seating was awful , my boyfriend moved his seat due to an ignorant guy smashing his chair! the noise level was ridiculous. The food was maybe average and way overpriced !!! Way overpriced !! Bunch Of wannabes in that joint ! Waiters don't smile and are not attentive at all!! I never complain about restaurants but This was absolutely awful . Worst service ever! I always overtip... but it this case ... It pained me to leave those awful bartenders a measly 3 bucks . We Will never go back there again and next year my boyfriends  large Italian family will get their gift cards from a good restaurant for Christmas! Not here!
I have yet to be disappointed. This spot is a hidden gem. It's like going in town without the drive and terrible parking. 

For a special occasion or meeting this is the spot.
Macaroni's has just re-opened after being closed for renovations. It now has a larger dining room that is still opened for dinner only, however, they now have a large lounge and bar that is opened for LUNCH at 11am!  The  decor is absolutely beautiful, soothing and romantic. The food is the same as always, phenomenal, no changes there. They have wonderful appetizers, pastas, homemade, of course as well as fresh fish, veal and steak entrees. Pay close attention to their dinner specials, they will always be top notch! The new bar will carry just about any cocktail and wine your heart desires. They have the same staff and owners from before so you need not worry about any changes other than a larger space and more beautified atmosphere. Note*, they now take reservations for dinner so make sure you call or make one on open table.com. Check it out, perfect city feel for authentic italian dining in the northeast.
If I could give zero stars I would! We ordered on UberEATS and for $50 we got chicken parm and chicken Marsala. Not even a spoonful of spaghetti, bread or anything with it. $50 for 4 pieces of chicken. Are you kidding me?!?! Will never order from here again. Someone could have called and let us know they are they only restaurant around that doesn't give you pasta or bread with your food. What a joke!
Came here for the first time on Friday June 30th, my one year anniversary with my now fiance (he actually proposed this night after dinner!)
It seemed nice, the decor was very modern. We were asked if we had a reservation, which of course we did, and the host sat us immediately.
Our table was tiny and next to groups which for our one year anniversary dinner was anything but romantic. We ordered a bottle of wine and shrimp scampi bread for the app.
Bread and Oil came out. No vineargarette, no seasoning, just oil and I'm pretty positive it was basic oil, not extra virgin olive oil. It was nasty. The bread was extremely hard.
The shrimp scampi was served on ONE piece of bread. The same hard ass bread we just had. I was literally floored. It was a big piece of bread but honestly how can you serve one piece of bread as an app? I feel like maybe we should have been warned that it was served on one piece of bread? I think the kitchen should have cut it for us, like every place does if it's served on one piece. Our butter knives could not cut the soggy piece of bread, so we had to rip it.. that's how hard the bread is. Even drenched in sauce, you could not cut it. Shrimp itself was okay. It was a good size but tasted very rubbery. Sauce was fine. Lots of capers.
For my entree I ordered the linguine with shrimp, calamari, mussels, crab, and clams in a white sauce. When served, i was not given a spoon to eat my linguine with, which is how I was raised to eat pasta. I waited about 10 minutes and our server did not once check on us. So I asked whoever walked by for a spoon so I could eat. By that time of course the food was not hot. It was terrible. Seafood was so chewy, like it was frozen and thawed and re frozen. The sauce was so salty. 
My now fiance was so upset that my meal sucked since he picked the place and was so excited to introduce me, his Italian girl, to an Italian place that he found. I literally ate every single bite to not upset him on such a special night.
I ordered a cannoli for dessert and two glasses of Prosecco since they had no Asti (which is a joke btw at an Italian estanlishment) cannoli was basic.
The service was okay. It wasn't fine dining like presented but it wasn't terrible. It was outrageous price wise for diner quality food and service. Our bill was like $200. Literally go ANYWHERE else and spend that on a better meal. 
My date loved his lamb. I tried it, it was very good! The sides that came with it were awful. The polenta cake tasted like straight salt. The wine was great!
This restaurant and my dining experience was the worst part of the best day of my life.. and because of that I would warn every single person of our awful experience. I will NEVER go back and would never reccomend this place.
Bathrooms were dirty.  For the prices in this establishment, you would expect fine dining, it was not.  Side salads or a side with an entree should be included.
If you haven't been to macaroni's you don't know what you're missing. Authentic Italian food with all the extras. Your bread is served with delicious roasted green peppers seasoned and sautéed just right. The filet was cooked to perfection and the veal saltimbocca is delectable.  We tried the menu bonus pumpkin ravioli and they are a savory but sweet addition. The Kobe meatballs are an easy go to. Tiramisu is made in house and is probably my favorite tiramisu of all the Italian restaurants I've been to. Staff is so responsive and attentive without being overbearing. I'm so happy to have found real authentic Italian food with parking and a great atmosphere. They are also following all protocols for Covid in a respectful manner to one another and customers.
The restaurant itself is gorgeous. However, the dim lighting makes it hard for my parents to look at the small prints on their menu. 

 We ordered 2 shrimp and colossal crabmeat cocktail, an eggplant stack, 2 cioppino, 14 oz veal chop, veal primo, special sea bass, special cold corn soup, and 2 sides. 
All the dishes were fairly skimpy except for the cioppino and sides. Everything tasted amazing though.

One thing that I have to complain about is how the server charged my group of 5 for an automatic 20% gratuity, which is only added with a party of 6 or more.
My wife and I had an outstanding meal here without a reservation. 
We were seated at a high top near the bar, which was fine we didn't plan it and a party had a large reservation in the dinning room.

Service was very prompt, we had two waiters asking us what we wanted. Which seemed odd, but we got plenty of attention. Throughout the evening we were asked how things were going and if the food was good. Water was kept filled and things moved along at a steady pace. They were eager to please and be helpful. 
The establishment is 100% Italian. The people around you appear that way, the waiters, etc. 
I enjoyed it. 
The food was outstanding. I had a kobe beef meatball which came out quickly. It was hearty and delicious. Two large sized meatballs came out with sauce and ricotta cheese. 
My wife ordered a salad which she enjoyed.
For the main course I had a wild boar ragout. She ordered a salmon dish. Both were outstanding in flavor. 
The wild boar in the ragout was tender and flavor packed. The noodles were restaurant made and delicious. The various vegetables and other items in the broth balanced the hearty meat flavor well. The portion was large and I could not finish it after the meatballs. 
I had a cookies and cream dessert which was the only disappointment, only because of the size of it. It was a small portion, but it tasted outstanding. 
This is a real gem of a location in Northeast Philly and I highly recommend it.
We had a reservation for alot of people, understandingly it's hard to make room for that many people, but they had told us that they could "accommodate" for us. We get there, and it rained so we can't eat outside, but no one was there to tell us where to go. We ended up waiting 20 before someone even came to help up with the catering and gave us seats. After we all had eaten, we tried telling the owner the issue we had with the service but he said it wasn't his problem. Some things were nice there but there are probably better places.
Came here on a recommendation and it was a special day - wife's birthday so we went somewhere new. No pictures because it was rather dark inside and I didn't want to bother other patrons with my flash.

Who knew there is true fine dining in Northeast Philadelphia? The restaurant has limited tables and I overheard staff mentioning that some customers were in their seats a little too long to able to get the turnover for those with reservations. Overall, my wife and I had a great experience at Macaroni's.

All service staff were attentive and shared duties with our table in providing new silverware and removing old. Everyone was pleasant and we did not feel rushed.

For food, we first shared the calamari and eggplant stack. The stack was lightly breaded and crispy with pieces of tomato and mozzarella in between. This was outstanding and we could have had a full meal of more of this. The calamari also was light and crispy with pieces of pepper and full slices of garlic. Wife wanted sauce (fine dining, so gravy?) with it but still liked it. There was an ample amount in the bowl to share.

For salads, wife had a Caesar wedge which was a half romaine lettuce head with an anchovy and appeared to be box croutons. The dressing looked to be very heavy and overdone on the plate, but surprisingly was light and flavorful and not overbearing for the salad. I had a beet and goat cheese salad which was wonderful. Chunks of red and yellow beets with crunchy quinoa, flavorful orange slices, smooth goat cheese, and a small amount of greens. A great combination of textures and flavors. 

For our main courses, I went with lamb chops and wife had lobster ravioli. We were pretty much full before this came out, but we were still good to finish them all. My medium-rare lamb was spot on and came with a small fennel salad and a potato purée. I had to finish the chops with my hands which got me a look from the wife, "We're fine dining!" "I'm paying, so I'm finishing how I want." Wife's lobster ravioli also looked very heavy with the cream sauce, but surprise number two, was light and fresh. There was what she thought was orange within the dish, and turned out to be grapefruit. A very sweet grapefruit which added dimension to the pasta and sauce. The pasta was finished quickly and when I thought there was a leftover ravioli to try, she said it was just fennel. Oh well. I did try the sauce and it was pleasant and flavorful.

The meal started with some bread and house-made peppers which hit the spot. We would have liked some Parmesan to go with the olive oil.

We ended with some Cappuccino which was very strong.

My Riesling was not dry which I like but I was not asked if I wanted a second which I would have purchased. It was a very reasonable $5.

This is definitely not a go often restaurant. It's not a fun and boisterous place. It is a wonderful special occasion place with great food and service.

$160 including tax and tip for two appetizers, two salads, two entrées, one wine, one tea, and one cappuccino.
I came here with my dad on a Tuesday night.  

It was a pretty good meal.  we got small plates.   We got lamb chops, mussels, seared tuna, and clams casino. 

This is a pretty expensive place and would say quite over priced.  

We ate outside.  I would say it's a great atmosphere.  Would say the food was about 3.5 stars.   For 1 alcohol drink, 4 small plates, and cappuccino, and tip, it was a 100 buck meal.  Not worth it. 

I am saying 3 stars because the food was a little better than average. The outside bar is awesome! I highly recommend the outside bar to socialize!  But so not worth a $100 buck meal. 

My dad stated that the clams casino was average.  It had everything chopped up and prefers the whole clam.  

The lamb chops were good but for 16 bucks we got 2 small lamb chops. 

I loved the mussels!  They were big and tasty and had a great sauce. 

The tuna was average.  Nothing special.
Everything was perfect.
The service is fantastic, the prices are fair and the food is brilliant!
This is fresh hand crafted well seasoned and authentic Italian influenced fare.
The décor is beautiful and the entire experience made us fans.
My wife and I ate at Macaroni's Restaurant on Friday night.  Dinner was at 7 pm, and it was fairly empty.  We were seated right away, even though it filled up shortly after.

Service was prompt and attentive, although the waiter failed to describe my wife's fish dish (Chilean Sea Bass) adequately, since it had clams and a seafood broth, which she has an aversion to.  No problem, the clams went to me, and the seafood broth was not objectionable to her.  She enjoyed the fish.  I had the Linguini Umberto, which contained a medley of shell fish in a light red sauce (I chose red because I was drinking a nice Montalcino d'Abruzzo).  It was a fine dish.

All in all, the service and food were quite good (although very pricey), but the experience was not enjoyable because of the noisiness of the restaurant.  The floors are bare wood, and the walls contain nothing to dampen the conversations (on top of which music was playing).  I found myself shouting to my wife across the table, to be heard.  It was a relief to leave the restaurant and the noise behind.  They need to work on that.
I love coming to Macaroni's, it's a great spot any day of the week (except Mondays they are closed) The outdoor patio P Squared is super chill and there's an addition menu. Inside is fine dining and a lounge//bar area. For large parties they also offer family style dining if planned in advance. The food and service is great across the board!!

For starters you'll get their slow roasted peppers. They're amazing I could eat them all day and I'd be happy. The specials are always unique and flavorful, along with a solid Italian menu you can count on.

The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, be sure to pay attention when they verbally list those specials! Every time I come I try to get something different. Lately I've been on an Autumn salad kick, it's just so good and since it's seasonal I wanna get it while I can! 

This is the kind of place where you definitely want to get dessert, my boyfriend gets the creme brûlée pie every time! I usually stick with the chocolate mousse or sorbet//gelato.
Use to be good still looking for the crab in my pasta.Service was bad also will give it another try to confirm my findings.
Macaroni's is the perfect restaurant for every occasion or even just a casual lunch. I can't even count how many times we've eaten here, but we've never had a bad experience. Everything on the menu is so good. 
My husband and I usually sit at or around the bar but we've also sat out back and in the restaurant side, and service has always been outstanding. 
The staff is so friendly and attentive. When we go for dinner they bring roasted peppers and bread to the table, which are delicious, and the bartenders make the absolute best Espresso Martinis. 
The weekend atmosphere is always fun and you usually see the owner walking around chatting with the customers. 

Just go here. You won't be disappointed.
It's a shame that I've never had the chance to eat here, but I can review their unprofessionalism. After hearing such rave reviews from my girlfriend, who is friends with the owners, I decided to make reservations for the family for my moms birthday dinner. I called not once but twice and was assured my reservation was set. I get a call today, 6 days to the date, saying my reservation was cancelled because of a Christmas party. Apparently my 11 person reservation wasn't  good enough that they said screw us and rented the whole place out for the party! And I would've understood had Dave offered me a coupon or a voucher of some sort for another night, but no, nada! Just said sorry nonchalantly!! Thanks, now we have find somewhere else at the last minute during a very busy time of year. Just from this experience I found them arrogant and unprofessional.
we had planned a celebration dinner for 15 and were looking forward to this event. the ages of my party were 10 to 89. although we arrived on time we were ushered to the outside bar for almost 2 hours. we were not served dinner until after 10. most meals were cold and not edible. cake was served near 12 with no offer of coffee. they already added a great tip to an overpriced restaurant. never again.
Tried Macaroni's for the first time about a month ago with my boyfriend and we were in gym clothes (unplanned dinner) but the staff treated us like royalty still. Loved the food, we got the Cioppino and Fiorentino and it was amazing. I would suggest splitting the Fiorentino though since the sauce was very rich In flavor and texture. Such a great and unexpected find in northeast Philly.
When I entered I requested outside seating and I had a reservation on Open Table with an outside seating option selected but the hostess told me all seats were booked while I watched 3 empty tables stay empty for the entire evening. 

Appetizer took 33 minutes to arrive. A couple that arrived 10 minutes after us had a full table by the time we got our appetizer. We got the Mozzarella corroza that didn't have much seasoning and a lot of oil, not a distinctive taste, more like a soggy wonderbread with mozzarella sticks in mediocre marinara sauce. The entrees made up for the unimpressive appetizer. The filet mignon steak was impeccable (I would recommend this over the other two dishes), chicken parmigiana was pretty good and the bolognese was complex and delicious. Have had better but no distinct complaints on any of the entree dishes. 

The pinot noir was really dry and delicious, my sister had two cocktails, one blueberry and another Margarita, both were good but a bit too sweet for my taste, overall would recommend ordering them with less syrup to those who don't like sweet drinks.

The waitress was sweet and friendly, nothing exceptional but no complaints either. 

The house music was so loud throughout the whole evening our throats were hurting at the end of the evening from screaming over it (this is also why We would have preferred to sit at the outside seats).

Overall experience was 3.5/5. I was debating between rating a 3 or a 4 but went with the lower end of the spectrum due to this being the first of many (across different states and countries) Italian restaurants I've been to that didn't serve bread with olive oil or even butter as a starter.
About 3 years ago, I told a friend of mine that this place must be the best restaurant in the city.  Now, my friend lives in center city and has tried almost every center city restaurant from Capital Grill to Varilli.  After trying Macaroni's he agreed with me.  This is the best restaurant in Philly!  The food is excellent and well seasoned.  The atmosphere is intimate as this is a small place, but that only adds to its charm.  I have been to this place on many, many occasions and I can tell you with 100% honesty that I have never had a bad meal (or ever close to bad meal).  Each time, the food is consistently good.  The true sign of a great restaurant is in its consistency.  Macaroni's is well worth it.
I've been a steady customer at Macaroni's since they opened. I recently hosted three other couples to celebrate a significant birthday. The dinner was memorable. Everyone got something different, from fish to meat. Their praise of the meal made the evening even more enjoyable. 

Macaroni's continues to maintain a high standard for everything dish they make.
Great place.
Simply Amazing! Chris Vegas is the BEST bartender! Great food! Great atmosphere! The food is great.. Try the Veal Primo!
Called early in the day and was told that if I came before 7 or 7:15 pm that Saturday night I wouldn't have much of a wait. Showed up at 6:45 pm and had an hour wait. Okay, it was Valentine's Day weekend. 

I asked the waiter to recommend a wine when I ordered my meal. I still hadn't received the wine when the entree came so I told the server about it. I waited a while for the wine to drink with my meal but never got it. 

At the end of the meal yet another server asked if we wanted anything else and I complained about not getting the wine I ordered (I didn't want it after the meal). He brought the check with a charge for the wine. 

I stopped the original waiter who had not been back to our table since he took our order and told him we were charged for the wine I never got.. He apologized, corrected the bill and brought it back. Then brought complimentary lemoncello drinks for the table. 

The food was very good but it never ceases to amaze me how many higher end restaurants with good food ruin a meal because of mediocre service. When I eat at a mid-level restaurant I don't expect the best food or service and can tolerate some problems. But when I eat at a privately owned intimate restaurant with a pricey menu I expect a dining experience. 

So I would give them 4 stars for the food but the service ruined the meal for me.
I forgot to say how wonderful this place is. The peppers are the best I have ever had. Everything I have had here many times has been great. A little pricey but great italian
If you go here be sure to make a reservation- my boyfriend and I didn't on our first attempt and we weren't able to get a seat when we wanted to eat. 

The atmosphere is comfortable and inviting. (Although a bit warm- had the heat on a bit too much for my taste)
We had a 630 reservation and got there early but they sat us anyway. 
The waiter came over right away and was very informative on the menu and answered any questions that we had. 

For an appetizer we got the Eggplant/Mozz stack. It was delicious, I thought the batter could have had a little more seasoning but over all great. 

I decided to order the Chicken Marsala for dinner as well as a peach martini (which was also delicious). 

I've never had chicken marsala before and I'm glad I waited. It was done really well. Chicken was moist and well cooked. Sauce complimented the chicken. 

We are definitely coming back, there are more things I'd love to try on the menu.
Pleasantly surprised. I lived in the Northeast section of Philly for about a year and a half and never came across this place. The decor was nice and atmosphere inside was very relaxed. Our servers during the meal were also very attentive. 

I attended a sit down retirement luncheon here and we were served ceasar salad, chicken parmigiana, beef bolognese, salmon, potatoes, spinach and this delicious creme brulee cheesecake made with gelato. I enjoyed all of the food especially the salad and creme brulee cheesecake. I am not even a huge ceasar salad fan but that dressing was amazing and the cheesecake was phenomenal. 

My only complaint is the getting a drink at the bar in the other room was a bit slow as there was only one bartender with a crowd of about 15 of us. I also believe I was overcharged for my bottle of hard tea. The menu said $4 and I was charged $5. Of course $1 is no big deal but if everyone is charged extra that will add up. 

I would certainly give this place place a try.
My second experience there was even better than the first! My first time was a simple dinner with two friends and I had the lobster ravioli which was amazing and so fresh! My second experience consisted of a bday party in which our server was the owner! Such a surprise! I had veal primo this time and it was soooo amazing. The price of the food is worth the quality. If you expect excellence you pay for it!! The service is impeccable. There isn't a negative thing I could say about the food, the staff and my overall experience. One of my new favorite restaurants!! I plan to go back as often as I can! I suggest you check it out for yourself if you appreciate good food.
Unfortunately this was my first and last time going to this restaurant.  I ordered lamb chops and they came out rear/red so I asked the waiter to have them cooked more and then 15 mins later he brought them back the same way they came out the first time. The waiter even said I watched them recook them but that was impossible because they were still red and not even hot.  The chef just put them on a new plate. I guess the chef wanted me to eat them the he rated them rear.  I highly DO NOT RECOMMEND this Resturant.
I tried this place with a friend on a Friday night at the end of summer.  It was pretty crowded so I'm glad we made reservations ahead of time!  The inside part of the restaurant is really fancy, with the outside area called the "P Lounge" being more casual and laid back.  We chose the outside because it was a little louder and we wanted to be able to catch up without worrying about the noise level.  There was a bar outside decorated with string lights and a fire by the tables.  The menu had pizzas and different pastas than just the inside menu.  If you're looking for more cost-efficient options, definitely ask to sit outside in the lounge!  There were even some sofas at some tables, so it set the mood to be a lot more casual. 

We got the Kobe beef meatball for an appetizer, which was hearty and filling.  It was a huge portion for just two people so bring your appetite!  We also got bread with some olive oil and we each ordered a seasonal beer.  They didn't have too many choices on tap, but we chose some fresh fruit options.  My friend ended up getting whole wheat pasta with broccoli and enjoyed it.  I chose a pork bolognese dish, which was exquisite and really hit the spot.  I would come back just for that! 

We stayed at the bar after dinner and had another beer.  I enjoyed the feel of the outside area but it was lacking some sort of organization.  I didn't mind it because I was seeking a casual evening, but the wait staff jumped around to different tables a lot.  When we wanted to sit at the bar there were no spots available so we sat at one of the high tops surrounding the bar.  No one came over to see if we got drinks or needed another, so it is up to the patrons to go to the bar themselves.  This is definitely different from any restaurant I've been to before, but I would go back again and maybe try the pizzas!
We had reservations and were seated right away.  There were 7 of us dining last night and everyone was happy with their meal.  I had the grilled romaine salad to start.  It came with several croutons and sliced cherry tomatoes and a Caesar dressing.  Very tasty.  I took another reviewer's tip and had the cavatelli and crab, which came with huge hunks of delicious crab in a spicy tomato sauce.  Had to take half home.  Others ordered the rack of lamb, salmon, penne vodka, chicken Marsala.  I had one if the lamb chops, very tender and well seasoned.

The waiter started us off with roasted peppers and sliced hearty Italian bread.  We asked for garlic bread and were told it wasn't on the menu, but they would make it for us.  It was excellent, grilled bread with just the right amount of garlic rubbed in.

They have a nice bar with friendly bartenders.
I wouldn't go out of your way to go here. It's rather expensive and it's nothing to write home about. 

We called to make a reservation and were told we could only fit on the lounge side (there was only three of us). When we got there the place was EMPTY and the lounge was way too loud. Our server also took an odd amount of time to greet us. For nothing going on in the restaurant I'm not really sure what he was doing. 

Everything is ala carte. No soups or salads with your entree... and I'm sorry $20 something for just pasta... you have to serve something with it. 

I decided to try the spinach salad...SNORE. Pass on this. The lobster ravioli was ok. Typical.

There are a ton of wines to pick from IF you buy the bottle...if not you're stuck with a house wine. 

Overall, I think there are better Italian options out there that aren't chains,  are delicious and a great value.
I reserved a dinner for 2 at Macaroni for Saturday night for my friend's birthday. I called ahead and asked that they put a candle on her dessert and write happy birthday. They said no problem at all! When it came time for dessert, the candle and happy birthday didn't happen.  I was disappointed. It's the little things that matter in restaurant business. Also, food was kind of just thrown on the table. 
Service overall was so so. It started out great with one of the owners taking our order (lots of delicious specials), however, during our dinner nobody asked if we needed anything else or if we enjoyed our meal. Not once did anyone come up. The waiters were literally running around. I get that it's a busy place but no attention to detail at this restaurant. 
However, the food was amazing! And the ambiance is nice too.  I'd go back there for the food but not for great service.
Good food, but way overpriced. We went for lunch today and spent $200 for 4 adults and 1 toddler! We were the only ones there and service was friendly, but not attentive and slow. I had to ask for a menu after waiting about 10-15 minutes.  Probably won't be going back here again. I would rather go downtown with these prices.
One of the best restaurants in northeast Philly! It's so classy! The service is amazing, the food is delicious(although some entrees are a bit pricey. But they're worth the money). The bar menu is very good too! Love the complimentary roasted peppers! Yum! the bar outside is a gem of its own as well, we always go to after dinner! It feels like you're going to a different place! It's a gem hidden in the Northeast! 
P.S you must try the creme brûlée cheesecake*
Went there with my lovely wife for our 36th wedding anniversary tonight. We both had appetizers--she the shrimp and lump crab meat and I the scallops. Both were excellent, though small in portions. I had a garden salad which was also excellent. She had the chicken marsala---she couldn't finis but was excellent, I had the veal saltibocca which was excellent.   Food was great!  Wish it was a little less expensive. They are adding a patio...hope they start a happy hour, I would come for 1/2 price appetizers and reduced drink prices.
Went there over an hour before closing, sat at the dirty bar where 4 other people were sitting and was told the kitchen was closed. Whaaaaa?  It's over an hour before closing??? Left and went to Chickies and Pete's and had a great pizza.
The service was great, however the food was pretty bad! I ordered the filet special, shrimp and crab meat in pesto...well, no pesto in sight, the filet was horrible, and the "sundried tomato sauce on top was cold. My husband got chicken dish with hot peppers and capers and olives, didn't like that either! No pasta, chicken was kinda spongy with a piece of burnt garlic toast. Obviously the people who reviewed this place have no idea what good Italian food is! I will stick to Diamonds and John Henrys and LaStalla much better and WAY better prices!
I was anticipating a delicious meal here after reading the numerous great reviews.  Our meal did not live up to the hype. We had a reservation for three and were seated promptly. Our waiter was attentive and friendly.  He got us a plate of crusty bread and marinated peppers while we waited for the third person in our party to arrive.  My boyfriend ordered a Harvey Wallbanger.  They did not have Galliano, so they couldn't make the drink, yet later it still appeared on our bill.
Our calamari appetizer was good, the calamari wasn't over fried, but lightly done and served with peppers.
Now for the entrees.  I ordered the $38.00 Cioppino, the classic seafood dish consisting of  calamari, shrimp, scallops, and mussels over pasta. Once I removed the shells from the mussels, the dish shrunk in size.  It was just okay. Not nearly flavorful enough. No grated cheese or crushed red pepper was offered. The pasta used was also a bit too thin and was overpowered by the juice of the dish..  My boyfriend really didn't like his Veal Saltimbocca. He found it unseasoned and uninspiring.  My friend has the salmon, which she really enjoyed.
Decor is nice, the restaurant is dimly lit, service was good. Just way overpriced for what you get.  Their P Square lounge with it's small plates and pizza might be worth a try.  Not sure I would eat an overpriced and bland dinner in the main dining room again.
They have reservations available on open table for 9:45pm but then called me 10 min away from the reservation when I was already on my way. saying their kitchen was closed.
I've been here before and came back for a second round of burgers I loved the first time, but this time around it was a completely different experience. The artisan bun was replaced with a small potato bun and the jam and bacon were completely missing from all 3 orders. I only realized the details of what was different after comparing the menu description with what we received once we left. I'm hoping this was a fluke, but considering all 3 orders were wrong it seems more like they were missing ingredients and didn't make the customers aware. Very disappointed.
We ordered delivery from Macaroni's last night via uber eats. The food was completely inedible. The calamari smelled like old fish and tasted even worse. The lobster ravioli was about the same. All of it went in the trash. Very disappointed.
Probably my favorite Italian restaurant.  You can't go wrong with the Veal Primo.  Servers are quick and attentive even when it is crowded.  It's nice to have a center city quality restaurant in the Northeast.
I've heard about this place from many people. So for my boyfriend's Birthday I decided to take him here this past weekend (3/7/2015) since I've heard great things about it. Although the atmosphere is beautiful, the staff was friendly and the food was delicious. The reason why I am only giving 2 stars is this: 

1. I made a reservation for 4 people 2 1/2 weeks in advance. We were sat at a high top table by the bar with TV's. I felt like I was at a TGI Friday's. When we were sat I mentioned something to the hostess and her response was "this is all we have available". I think they bumped us out of the dining room area because they had a few large parties that night. I was very disappointed! 

2. WAY over priced! The bill was $156.00 with out tip. We had 2 appetizers and 4 entrees. For appetizers we had a Grilled Romaine Salad and Mozzerella e Corrozza. Apps were good, but very small. My boyfriend and a friend ordered Chicken Parmesean which was $23 and did not even come with a side of pasta! They had to order sides of pasta separately. The portion was big, but it should have came with pasta for $23.00. 

Although I think that Northeast Philadelphia could use more upscale restaurants like this, I feel that the prices are way too high! I've been to BYOB Italian Restaurants in South Philly that were way better compared to prices and portions. Just a tip for any one planning on going there: Make sure you tell them you want to be seated in the dining area, not the bar.
Totally greasey garbage. My veal chop Milanese was butterflied but had not only gristle but was cooked as if it were not and filled with grease.It took 90 minutes to get and the service was the worst.Save your money this was a total waste.
Waiters were awful! All they did was talk trash about previous customers. They didn't even try to be shy about it. They were loud and said awful things. Food wasn't that great and wasn't worth the price. Will never go back again. Stay away! The restaurant was empty when I went in and now I know why! Stay away
I will review again----bad service---pricy - bread good - food except for salads which were good---entrees not so much

Will not go back---too many others out there
After trying to get a reservation for 3 weeks, we finally were able to get a table at 8:30 on a Friday.  We were seated in the back of the bar (with televisions) next to a door leading outside.  Those who smoked used the door.  The temperature was around 30 degrees.  Each time the door was opened we received and artic blast.  I asked to have another table...."sorry there are no more".  Unfortunately I must return because I have a gift card....Looks like dinner for two will run $150.  To pay that, sit in the bar and have to watch the Sixers and freeze.......I don't think so.
My date and I came here on a Friday night around 9:15pm. We used open table for our RSVP and decided to sit by the bar for food and drinks. The place was very clean and updated. We both ordered appetizers, entrees and dessert. All was delicious! I had the mushroom salad and my date had the shrimp and lump crab meat. Salad was very very fresh and perfectly tossed and the seafood was big chunk sizes! I had the fish for dinner and it came out of what I didn't expect! It was hot, skin on crispy and cooked to perfection! I loved it! My date had the lobster ravioli and it was so good! Joe was our bartender and server and he did a wonderful job! He checked on us and made sure we was good. I had to shake his hand and tell him thank you again before we left. Can't wait to go back and try other dishes from here!
The last time we ate there, it was not a pleasant experience. The food was so spicy that you couldn't even put it in your mouth. It is also overpriced.
The food is good but.....really pricey. For my husband and I it was about $200. That included apps and entrees and desert. The ambiance is really nice especially out back. In my opinion I think they need to put more space between the tables out back. The servers were really nice and they didn't wait a whole minute to take your empty plate away. Some of the portion sizes of the apps seemed a bit on the small side. Now.....would we go there again? No!
I've been here a few times. I have never had a meal that I didn't like. I do feel that they are pricier than I'd like. Lunch offers pizza, which is great! I ordered the Stella, which is pictured below. It had sausage crumbles, arugula, and cherry tomatoes. I would also highly recommend the pasta dishes. All the sauces are light and fresh and the pasta always has a nice al dente bite to it. 

This place is on the smaller side, so I would suggest making reservations to make sure that you don't have a wait.
This is by far my favorite restaurant in northeast Philadelphia and one of my favorite restaurants of all time. My wife and I go out to eat on a regular basis and this is the one of the only restaurants in the northeast that could not only succeed but thrive in downtown Philadelphia.

The inside of the venue itself is sleek and modern. The bar area is also great and the new outside area is simply fantastic.

Now, the drinks. The martinis at this place are absolutely phenomenal. I typically get a dirty martini (which is really difficult to screw up but at the same time is also very difficult to say is amazing, but it is amazing here). My wife typically orders a pomegranate martini which she simply loves.

The food itself is excellent. I have never had a meal here that I was not extremely pleased with. The pasta is homemade and I would highly recommend the lobster ravioli. The seafood is great and the filet is the best I have had outside of going to one of the premier steakhouses in center city (Barclay Prime, Butcher and Singer,  Del Friscos etc.).

The only negative about this place is that the service can be slow at times when it gets really crowded and it can get somewhat pricey compared to other places in the northeast, however the quality of food is WELL worth the price and the slow service can be overlooked given all of the other positives (or just ask for Dave as your server and you are good to go).

Can't recommend this place enough for any special occasion or even on a very regular basis if you can afford it.
This place is literally right around the corner from me. It's nice to have an upscale dinner in the northeast without having to go into the city. Price is reasonable and service is great! This place gets pretty busy on the weekends.
I Love everything about this place!! Loved the environment. Food was amazing! Dinned here with a few family members and everyone was thrilled with their first dinning experience here!
I ate at Macaroni this past week and all I can say is WOW! 

The food is beyond amazing, the staff is on their game and they're extremely attentive and you can easily tell that the owner is passionate about food and proud of his business.

The appetizers, the pasta course, the Tuna Steak I had for dinner and the Creme Brûlée I had for dessert were all flawless and filled with flavor. I thought the portions were a great size, I even had some leftover to take home! How great is that? Amazing food two days in a row. I love this place. 

I live about an hour and fifteen minutes away and I will definitely be returning to Macaroni. It's worth the drive!!
The food was delicious. Definitely left satisfied. However, charging $2.50 for a drink 'on the rocks' without specifying on the menu or making us aware is not cool in my opinion. We were also charged 12 dollars for a martini that was clearly stated as 10 dollars on the drink list. Would recommend the Quattro Formaggiai pizza and paying close attention to your check for incorrect charges.....
This place is a center city restaurant in the northeast! I don't need to drive to the city to get quality food!
The food was absolutely delicious!  Once seated our service was impeccable. The only negative was the wait. We had a reservation through Open Table for 7 pm. We were not seated until 7:40 pm. However, the hostess was very apologetic, saying I'm sorry many times. She asked us if we wanted a glass of water while we were waiting, which was also nice. They told us we could be seated immediately if we wanted to sit at a high top table though we could not do that with my 90 year old father. Everything is a'la carte which made for a pricey meal. We ordered three entrees, two caesar salads, two side dishes, one soda, and one dessert. The bill was over $150. It's a place to dine every once in a blue moon due to the pricing though, again, the food was excellent.
Great traditional Italian family restaurant. Great place for an upscale meal and environment that is relaxing. Definitely recommend this one
This restaurant is EXCELLENT ! A hidden gem in the northeast that I was so glad I found. They have a fully stocked bar and a cute bar area & all of our food was delicious. The one thing that I was disappointed about was that they have an outside area and I forgot to ask about it but we weren't given the option to sit outside (the hostess was not as hospitable as the rest of the staff). I thought it was going to be super pricey but the prices were normal for good Italian food. My boyfriend and I went for our anniversary and we got an appetizer, two entrees, three glasses of wine & desert for just under $100! Our waiter (forget his name) was great and very knowledgeable and professional. The runners were also very friendly and polite. 5 stars for the amazing place. We will most definitely be back!!
Food was amazing but the staff made the experience even better! I highly recommend the Veal Saltimbocca
Greatly enjoyed the food. Wild boar ragout, cabbage potato soup, seared ahi tuna were all excellent. Also enjoyed the salads and chicken florentine. Great bread. Wine and food reasonably priced and portions were generous. Ambiance is a tad loud but nevertheless, a very attractive dining area. Waitstaff friendly and warm.  Only one suggestion--staff could improve their serving skills. Waiters reaching across the table to serve or remove plates is disconcerting. Took 2 or 3 requests to get  water, bread, etc. When observed, the finer elements of waiting tables transform a good evening into a great one. That being said, this alone  is not a reason to stay away. The food was tasty and very nicely presented.  We enjoyed the experience. Will happily return.
My wife and I went here last night for our wedding anniversary.  We have not been here since they renovated the place.  My first impression of the new decor was "wow" the place looks great and is perfect for a nice little romantic dinner without the kids.
The server sat us right away even know we didn't make a reservation.  The waiter was very friendly and shared with us the specials.  We didn't have any of the specials but we shared the mozzarella e carozza and it was delicious.   The tomatoes and cheese were so fresh.  You don't get a large portion but the quality of the food is far superior than any of the chain restaurants.   Our main course consisted of the lobster ravioli and chicken marsala.    The chicken marsala was cooked just right and I like how the chicken wasn't so thick because I like the thin pieces.  I had a bite of my wifes ravioli and it was also appetizing.  For drinks I had a beer and my wife had the chambord sour.  I would defineltly go back to Macaronis again.  It wasn't cheap but the service and food were heavenly.
I....love.....this......place.

Honestly, if I even think about their cavatelli and crab, I salivate. 

I always say this is my favorite restaurant (I HATE when people think it's the chain Macaroni Grill). This is where I choose to come for birthdays, anniversaries, ect. Why? Because the restaurant is beautiful (have a drink outside at the lounge before your reservation), the food is incredible, and the service is always on point. I love that the owner is usually the one to take your order. 

Why on earth would I ever want to drive into center city when this gem is so close? Like I said, The cavatelli and crab is my personal favorite, but there are always amazing fish specials and the filet is incredible (the special with jumbo lump crab is my H's fave). 

I can't leave without mentioning the homemade peppers that come with the bread. I mean....

Go! Now!
Have been coming to this place for years and have always had a great experience. This was my first time back since they remodeled and the place looks great. I do miss that "I found this secret place that serves great Italian" look though. The food is always wonderful here and the service is always friendly. I will say on this last visit that the chef probably wasn't on his game. The ceasar salad was soggy and had to much dressing and my creme brulee was to cold and had crystals in the custard. Normally two send backs would be cause for alarm but this place has always been good to me so I will give it the benefit of the doubt. Hopefully they get it figured out and they continue to offer great food to an area that has little choices.
Wonderful food and great atmosphere. They just put in a new brick oven pizza and it's delicious. The creme Brûlée cheesecake is amazing!!
Had an event here, October 4th. Dave waited until the morning of to move the party inside( I really wanted to have it in their beautiful outdoor space). Although the dining area was just as nice. Dave and his staff went above and beyond to make sure we had everything we needed. And they were extremely pleasant to deal with.  The food was amazing! We had salad, penne vodka, chicken parm, florentine and salmon everyone raves about the food! (A special thank you to chef Tom) I couldn't have been more pleased with how everything turned out.
The food was excellent, the waiter was excellent.  Our issue was with the noise level.  It was difficult for my wife and I to have a conversation.  It was a combination of the decor (hardwood floors) and the other restaurant patrons.  We we surrounded with loud-mouthed diners, who spoke far too loud.  The restaurant needs to move and not tell the current patrons where they are going.  We would go back for the food and service, but are reluctant due to the clientele.
I went here last night. The place was great. Had a 8:45 reservation only had to wait about 5 minutes to be seated. We were sat next to the bar which was a little loud but died down when the table behind us left. The food came pretty fast and was delicious. Waiter was prompt and polite. 5 stars and will be going back soon.
As always, we were not disappointed with our meal and experience at Macaroni's. The Primavera brothers have known how to serve up a dinner reminiscent of a holiday in Italy for years now, with a modern upscale ambiance that makes you feel transported to center city Philly (luckily for us, this gem is tucked away in the Northeast). Dave & John really went above and beyond to make our 5 year wedding anniversary an unforgettable occasion. The Fiora di Latte mozzarella on our antipasto was like biting into a cloud of creamy decadence. We ordered one of our favorites, Penna Vodka- I am positive it is the most perfect vodka sauce that can be made. And of course the bread and peppers are worth the trip alone. We will not be waiting until our next milestone anniversary to come back and enjoy a meal here.
Beautiful restaurant however, after several times eating here I realize its a typical Northeast eating establishment.  The service is ok. The food is mediocre and overpriced for the area.  Also, we ask about the specials.They provided us with a dirty paper menu which was dated the previous day.  Not a good look Macaroni's.....
Disappointed!!    Made reservations for Mothers day for outside and they clearly overbooked.    We were offered a seat in the back.   No covering, no heat lamps.   52 degrees and freezing.   Plenty of empty tables with heat lamps.   We requested to move and were told no.   This is the second time that we walked out.    Not a doubt in my mind we were bumped for another party.   Happy Mother's day.   Ill take my business elsewhere.
I will premise this by saying the food was good. Now the experience itself, not so much. I made reservations for myself, my husband and my son, to celebrate my 40th birthday. The next day they called to confirm. We arrived at the restaurant and she immediately tells us we're being seated outside. This was not told to me the night I made the reservation or the morning I confirmed. If it had been, I would've canceled. She pointed to the outside area and said there was someone over there who could help. I have a three-year-old with me and they attempt to put us at a table that is directly in front of the bar, where there are some heavily intoxicated patrons. We asked for a different seat, they gave us a table off to the side, under an umbrella, by the street entrance. The first server came over and offered us water which was fine. It wasn't until we actually got our server that the experience took a turn. We ordered appetizers they were fine. Our server had no concept of personal space, he was not wearing a mask, which is fine- it is well within his right, but he continued to hover over me and lean on the back of my chair. The fruit spread on the charcuterie board ran off the side of the board onto the table which is a grated table and leaked all over my pants. I asked for our filets to be medium, they were pretty much well done. I asked for a Mojito and was told "we don't have those." I asked for iced tea, and he never brought it. And when I reminded him that I had asked for the iced tea he gave me this smirk as if I was bothering him. When he came to remove our plates, he remembered that I had asked him for an iced tea twice, and then I told him just bring me a coffee instead. That took forever. Finally we were ready to go I asked for the check. 10 minutes go by we still don't have the check. Someone, I imagine of some famous stature came in and the server  took our check and put it down so he could take pictures with whomever this was that came in. It began to rain, our umbrella leaked. The food in general was great, that particular server not so much. And anyone who smoked, stood right in that off street entrance and smoked-so we breathed in cigarette smoke the whole time. I was told the dress code was "nice" but I'm surrounded by people in jeans, t-shirts, sneakers, jean shorts, butts hanging out.  So if you want good food, but don't care about service or the atmosphere, it's ok to go here.
I ordered pizza. The pizza was completely burned on the bottom. I tried to eat around it but it was so burned and nasty. I almost feel like they did it in purpose. Never going here again.
The 2 stars are solely for the atmosphere and the interior of the restorant . The place was beautiful and classy. 

However I CAN NOT SAY THE SAME ABOUT FOOD.. it was HORRIBLE! The price was of a fine dining restaurant, not cheap so I expected at least something eatable! I had lunch with my friend on Sunday and we ordered calamari, shrimp and grilled octopus dishes. The calamari was impossible to eat, it was so damn salty it hurt, also not fresh and super dry. The octopus WAS BURNED it tasted like charcoal, there was nothing else served with it besides dried up chickpeas that you could probably break your teeth on, I paid 18$ for it and i couldn't even eat it it was simply burned and COLD for some reason. The shrimp was on fire! Not in a good way, it was so spicy you couldn't even eat that! Please please hire a better chef or something, the place is so beautiful but YOU CANT EAT THAT FOOD !!!!
Stop with family for Sunday lunch, definitely not a place to take kids, the food takes over 1 hour and there is no bread or anything to make up for the waiting, the place is beautiful and clean, the portions are small and very simple, nothing extraordinary about it, service is ok but not worth the price.
Favorite spot to eat in. NE. Not cheap but food is fabulous. The scratch a tell was outstanding. The drinks are healthy.
Was seated outside of P2 in a tent that had a heater unit that was only half as warm as inside P2 where people were seated. Tables were very close together, too close. Food was great. Post eating our party seat and enjoy drinks and during that time the other tables in the tent had left. Our party starting getting cold and enjoy someone turned the heater off in the tent. At no time did the waitress tells us nor did they even offer us the option to go inside, which was available. We felt that was extremely rude for them to do to us !!
Service is too notch! Everyone was very accommodating. Food was wonderful! Really enjoyed the lamb and my picky eating kids loved the french fries. Seafood was great too. It's hard to believe theres such a nice place in Northeast! Love the outdoor seating & the intimate atmosphere inside.
I was there for my brother's birthday with my 1 year old son. Everything was going well until I had to change my son's diaper. They provided me with a high chair with no problem but when I asked the manager if they had any baby changing stations, he said no. So I asked him if I could take my son inside to change his diaper, since we were outside (because of Covid) He simply said no. I get it, you can't let anyone in because of Covid but my son needed his diaper changed. They should've told me there was no place to change his diaper when I walked in. It was so embarrassing. I had to leave my dinner halfway because of all that.
This place isnt worth the money. For Service, yes but, for food, no. I can get the same quality for less money at like olive garden. We had a group of 10+ and we ordered alot of food and drinks, so the bill was at least $1000+. After about a couple of talking to family, we got our apps and bread. The bread was good. First app was a mushroom toast I think. It was very good. The mussels was good with a nice broth. The calamari was nicely fried and crispy. But when our entrees came out, it looked good but the it wasn't that good. My entree was a cavatelli with crab. I found that the sauce was alittle bit too sweet. The crab was good and the cavatelli had a nice bite to it. But when I had my cousins shrimp scampi, the pasta was not cooked well, the little soup or broth tasted like water. It was not good at all. When I had my brothers chicken parm, the noodles didn't have that nice bite to it. The actual chicken tasted like breadcrumbs and it was not good. The filet mignon was very good. It was tender and juicy. But I expected better food as ither people at my table was complaining that their food didn't meet expectations of the restaurant. I usually would give this 4 stars but, since it was "fine dining" and the prices were high, you expect the food to be very good. The service was great. But the food didn't complimented the food. So my overall rating is 3/5.
