Stuck in jury duty and with the Flower Show in town, Reading Terminal Market was no place to be at lunch time. I hightailed it to Maggiano's, where I hoped I could grab a seat at the bar and a reasonably healthy lunch. 

As luck would have it, there was one open bar stool. I ordered an iced tea and the chopped salad with chicken. In the meantime, I received a bread basket with olive oil and spices - this helped take the edge off. 

My salad arrived soon after and I have to say, it really hit the spot. This salad was huge but I ate every last bite. The dressing was delicious and not too heavy-handed. The chicken was tender. My only complaint would be that the tomatoes were hard. I wish restaurants would omit tomatoes when they aren't in season because, more often than not, they're just sad. 

Lunch was pretty steep at nearly $23 plus tip, but it was worth it since I avoided the insane crowds at RTM.
Don't you dare compare these folks to Olive Garden or Carrabba's!  Yes they are a chain but very likely the best national Italian chain around.  The parent company of these folks owns Chili's and a piece of Macaroni Grill so they know their way around the restaurant biz.  

I stopped into the center city location last night but I've been to several others before.  I needed some quality sustenance before I headed off to another event. 
 
I sat at the bar and ordered a drink and the Italian Sausage Flatbread (Italian sausage, oven-dried tomatoes, Italian cheese blend, fresh mozzarella and basil- $7.50).  The bartender was awesome and when my food arrived it was OMG delicious.  The great thing about this place was I wasn't surprised.  Most of the food here is very good.  All the Italian staples are here and the portions are substantial.  They also specialize in family style dining.  If you come with a bunch of people it can be great fun and a decent value.

What makes it tough here in Philly is the incredible Italian Market restaurants.  They are hard to beat for traditional Italian food.  If this was Houston I might give Maggiano's four stars.  In a city like Philly known for great Italian food they get three stars but it's given with respect for a fine establishment.
As maid of honor for one of my besties, I was in charge of hosting the bridal shower. I wanted to have the shower somewhere unique, so I tried to avoid chain restaurants but Maggiano's was the most reasonably priced and mom-friendly venue.

Up until the day of the shower, Jana (the events planner I worked with) was extremely friendly and helpful. She managed to answer every email and question I had within 10 minutes. Now tell me that isn't speedy! Aside from a visit to check out the event space, I never had to stop by to take care of shower things - everything was done over the phone, through email, or by fax, which is great since I live out of town.

The day of the shower, Jana wasn't there, but the 3 servers in place of her were amazing. They were present without being pushy, and seemed to appear whenever we needed anything. Guests commented how beautiful the room looked - dark wood accents, white linen tables with orange rose centerpieces, and an overall roomy space that still felt cosy and intimate. The food was delicious - for our brunch shower there was an assortment of pastries and fresh fruit, sausage, tomato and spinach frittata, banana french toast, and we were able to provide our own cake. 

We originally planned on 40 people attending, but as the shower got closer, more and more people RSVP'd 'nay'. I worried there would be extra fees but Jana informed me we only had to fulfill was the $600 food and beverage minimum which was easy. 

The best part was when the bride walked in.. Surpriiiiise!!! and seeing the look on her face. She was acually surprised! Whew! Getting everything arranged with perfect timing was a mission. I think it would have been easier if we'd had walkie talkie's. She had a great time which makes all the planning worth it.

I was so nervous for this thing but I had nothing to worry about. Maggiano's and their events planning crew are amazing! I couldn't have asked for a better venue.. And thank goodness it's over.
Maggiano's is an Italian chain with pretty good food and fair prices.  Most times, I have eaten here with just a couple other people, so we all order our own meals and take home leftovers.  However, if food comas are more your thing, gather up some friends and go "family-style."  

If your experience is anything like the one I had with a group of about 20 on Friday night, you will be seated about 30 - 45 minutes after your reservation time.  Just as you start to ponder cannibalism, massive appetizer plates and bowls of salad will be delivered.  You'll be stuffed before the main course yet you will continue eating, because by now there are huge dishes of pasta and plates of chicken.  By the time dessert comes around, you consider calling a wide-load crane instead of a taxi.  Diets, beware.
Over the years, Maggiano's has always been our office holiday luncheon spot. The annual ritual of sharing a tasty and generous meal that brings us to a happy ending. Unbeatable food-coma and another meaningful experience followed by Santa coming to office. 

After more than eight visits, this is what I personally think, despite the fact that it is a chain, and I don't like chain restaurants. 
What I Love:
- Antipasti.
- Stuffed Mushrooms. Waring: you'll be addicted.
- Famous Rigatoni "D" ®.
- Spaghetti & Meatballs.   
- Beef Tenderloin Medallions. My absolute favorite dish.
- Braised Beef Pappardelle. My 2nd favorite dish.

What I Like:
- Caesar Salad: Basic and not overwhelming dressing. 
- Calamari Fritté
- Chicken Piccata.

What I don't Like but I don't Hate either:
- Chicken Caprese. 
- Shrimp Scampi
- Veal Marsala

The dessert? Eh, they are okay.
- Tiramisu: Everyone liked it but me. I'm not a fan of Tiramisu anyway. 
- Crème Brûlée: Okay.
- Gigi's Butter Cake: Delicious. 
- Vera's Lemon Cookies: Melt in your mouth.

Tips:
1) Book in advance for your event.
2) If you are a group of 4+ try the family meal take out style for $60. It includes: Ciabatta Rolls,  your choice of salad ( Italian Tossed, Maggiano's, Caesar), your choice of Pasta ( Spaghetti, Spaghetti & Meatballs, Fettuccine Alfredo Mom's Lasagna), you choose an entrée: ( Chicken Parmesan, Chicken Piccata, Chicken Marsala), and one dozen Vera's Lemon cookies.
3) Enroll in Maggiano's E-Club, and you'll get $10 Off your next visit, in addition to periodic special offers.

Three and Three Quarters Yelps.
This update and higher 4 star rating is for the IMPRESSIVE catered feast we had at my office today.  The lady who delivered it, set up the sterno, poured the raspberry (unsweetened) iced tea and catered to our every whim was terrific.

Large pans of spaghetti, meatballs, chicken parm, ravioli in a creamy-blushish-basilish sauce, 2 kinds of salad, 2 desserts.

WOW.

FOOD COMA.

And - it was all hot and very tasty.  Maggiano's - you have redeemed yourself.
This place was very nice and elegant. Went here for Fathers Day. Got the feel of a great vibe. The food was amazing. I ordered the Linguini & Clams over White wine sauce and it was amazing. We also ordered Shrimp Scampi which was delicious. Will definitely come back here if we ever crave that Italian craving.
CRIMINALS/ CRIMINAL RING /DINING SCAM 

I recently dined at restaurant. It was a PRIVATE dining experience in a banquet room that was not open to the public. There were only servers in room. I do not think the staff realized this but the meeting was a luncheon with about 100 criminologist! I am sharing this to give you more context on the type of people I was dining with. We have a background in CRIME and LAW! The short story is that wait staff stole wallet. There were no strangers in sight and due to this being a private experience, there were two people at door from our group to prevent people who were not apart of the meeting from entering. I initially sought out the manager to get help.  I approached them as though my wallet was lost! I was met with defensiveness...rude managers, who were nonchalant and careless. They refused to help me "find the wallet".  They made various excuses and showed little concern. They however, did say the  staff does not have it. I actually did not think I was a victim of theft. But this was weird... I never thought the staff took it so this was my first red flag. However, I learned that three other criminologist had the same thing happen to them.. When I learn this information I realize I was a victim of theft. All of the women who were victims had wallets stolen out of their purses. It is clear that there is some suspicious activities happening that may involve multiple people. I filed a police report and the other victims also filed a report. When you hear the stories it is clear there is security issue. There Are FOUR people with the same complaint and all have proof we entered restaurant with WALLETS. We all dined at different times. We all have stories which suggest it is an inside job.  In the evening time, I go online to search restaurant reviews. I come across a man who claims they stole his brief case and another woman saying that if you eat here you will not leave with your wallet. After filing a police report the officer shares this is a major issue here. When I brought this up to the careless management, they blamed it on their location and that people came off of the street and possible swiped the wallets. The problem with that explanation is that in some of the stolen wallet cases ....we did not come in contact with other guests or strangers. We were in private meetings having private dining experiences.  The reality is there are likely more victims. I want to make sure I make this post so that you are warned. This incident in addition to others are all documented at the Philadelphia police station which is blocks from the restaurant. Please do not eat here until they address security issues and poor management. This is unacceptable and a terrible representation of the brand.  I will not support this franchise until there are clear actions taken to support guests, to correct this issue, to return what was stolen!  If you have also been a victim of similar crimes at this restaurant please report to police and corporate office. My next step is social media, corporate, and the local news if they do not make this right.
Ive been to Maggianos about 3 time, for my first and second visits I have 5 star experiences. The food was incredible, the service was attentive, and the decor/ambiance was beautiful. When its warm enough I would definitely recommend sitting outside. 

The absolute only reason that I had to deduct the one star was an incident from my third visit. A friend and I were sitting outside and we were just have the best of time I ordered the Mannicotti. It was so delicious and as I was finishing the last few bites my teeth crunched down on something hard. Confused I spit it out and found a thick piece of plastic. I was obviously upset and I flagged down a bus boy who went to get the manager. The manager was the absolute sweetest, he apologized profusely and our entire meal was free. 

The plastic was the only drawback of the entire night and the way that it was handled will ensure that I will return.
If you're looking for canned red sauce and pink checkered table cloth, then this is the place for you, but foodies beware. The first thing that should tip you off is that all their pasta comes out of a box. They even advertise that they "proudly serve Barilla," which, mind you, costs a buck-twenty at any grocer. And then there's the portions sized for horses. Food is edible but for what you pay for, you can have authentic Italian elsewhere. Do yourself a favor and stay away from overpriced franchises and support a local restaurant.
I went to Maggiano's Little Italy for a celebration and made reservations for 8 people a day or so prior.  We had two more people to add to the list so we called and the restaurant said it was absolutely no problem to accommodate us.  So, we arrive at the restaurant on time for our reservation but they did not have a table ready for us and were telling us that we may have to wait a half hour or so for them to give us a large table so we decided to cram into a smaller table.  This was a disappointment as the staff didn't seem very prepared for us and they didn't really even try to fix the situation in my view.  Secondly, the waitress was nice but the service overall in this restaurant wasn't that good.

As for the food, everyone ordered different things but I will speak mostly about my experience of food.  My girlfriend and I split mozzarella marinara which was pretty good but we also tried the steamed mussels Tuscan style which ended up tasting a bit fishy. They contained a lot of beans so finding the mussels was quite annoying and I didn't find the beans to add any flavor to the dish.  Everyone else who had appetizers either said they enjoyed it or thought it was just okay.  My girlfriend ordered lobster carbonara which was okay but nothing special.  Next, for the more disappointing part.

I went ahead and ordered the veal porterhouse thinking it could be a really delicious cut of meat but when it arrived, it was one of the worst preparations of veal I have ever had anywhere.  The veal was very dry and overcooked and the toppings did not add any flavor to the dish.  I was completely disappointed with it and if I was Chef Ramsey I would've threw the dish on the floor and said how it was bloody horrible.  Too bad I'm not him though so I would probably get arrested or thrown out of the restaurant for disturbing the peace.  We also tried dessert but it was just okay.

Overall, I had a poor experience at Maggiano's Little Italy during my most recent experience and don't think I will give this location another shot.  It's up to you if you want to risk spending your money on a low quality meal.

Note:  I have had Maggiano's Little Italy countless times at different locations as well as had many deliveries from here when I lived in center city for a few years and never had this bad of an experience so I can't say if it was just that day or if it is their current operation.  I also did not order the veal porterhouse so that may be why I had better experiences.
My last two Grubhub experiences were atrocious. My first one back in 2015 was fine, but that was spaghetti and meatballs.  Just this one particular week, two orders placed were botched.

First order placed never came. They said the order would be here 9:45 pm.  It never did.  We called Grubhub and they said the order was placed and received.  After some hem and haw, we got refunded. 

We gave them a second chance later in the week.  The lasagna was refrigeration-cold in the center. Not like warm, but cold.  Also, it was a salt lick.

I called them to fuss about the temperature of the food.  The manager was super nice and helpful and said she would issue a refund on the lasagna and also send over a BYGO. 

You see, I jumped the gun here are called them before really trying the chicken piccata (I only took a bite of the chicken at that point which tasted good). After making the call, I started to eat the meal only to find other hidden problems. The chicken piccata with handmade noodles had cilantro in it.   Yes, I'm one of  those which cilantro tastes like a demonized piece of lettuce to me. Also, the spinach was burnt - never ever had I burnt spinach in the entirety of my XX year life. In case you're curious, it tastes like ash tray. I took the chicken, scraped off cilantro and ashes and threw out the rest.

Couple weeks have gone by.  The refund never happened (as promised),  but we did get a $25 gift card. 


Food: good grief ... 
Management: 3
The food isn't bad for a chain. Maggiano's is like Olive Garden - they serve decent Italian food.
The bread they served was ok. It wasn't warm. Olive Garden's breadsticks are 100 times better!! The olive oil for the bread was so so. 
I had pasta with clams and it was not bad at all. 
Overall, its an ok place to eat pasta.
My boyfriend and I came here with his friends -- we were a group of 6 and ordered the family style dinner -- essentially this means that you select 2 appetizers, 2 entrees and 2 desserts from a specific menu and get unlimited refills on all of the above. 

I was pleased with the quality of the food but thought that things came out of the kitchen relatively slowly. I was also somewhat disappointed in how much food was included on each dish. For example, our four cheese ravioli entree arrived with 4 large ravioli each time. My boyfriend and I are vegetarians and couldn't each from the other entree, so we had very few ravioli to eat before the dish was finished and we had to wait for another. 

Overall, great dining concept and I didn't mind the wait times on the food or small portions since we were having a good time. Just think it could have been better executed...
Welcome to the Cheesecake Factory of Italian food. It's a chain, yes, but let's face it, chains are successful for a reason.

Maggiano's is the SAFE authentic Italian restaurant you want to go to when you want a LOT of food, a lot of people, and the look of an old authentic Italian restaurant. 

Even though Philly has many Italian restaurants (Ralphs for example) Maggiano's is high enough on the authenticity meter to keep in your Italian restaurant rotation anyway. As a chain there are few surprises and little if any disappointments, they are the vanilla Italian restaurant but still delivery with huge portions, good prices, and good quality food. You lose a bit of your hipster cred by eating here if you give a damn about that sort of silliness.

Everything I've had here has always been great. Even their plain side-dish spaghetti is still good quality and fresh enough that unless you grew up eating nothing but Italian food and knit-picking how much basil/oregano was thrown on top of half your food you'll be happy here. I also had the chicken parm and thought it was perfect. I've made that dish enough times myself to know they hit it dead on. 

Overall, no regrets and no complaints, would definitely come back.
Okay a chain, and I have spent thousands at the one in King of Prussia and other places around the country for meetings rooms for business and sales. 

This review is for a personal non-business experience.  I was cashing in some Marriott points (across the street which is nice because it was 9 degrees F)  I was STUNNED by how nice Filbert St. looks compared to the 70s and 80s when it was the north side of the Reading Terminal.  

i went with my wife and daughter after visiting my uncle by Rittenhouse Square. We launched my son at 30th Street to ride Amtrak back to NYC/Long Island.   My paternal and fraternal families came to the US from Ireland and settled in Philadelphia in the 1880s.  (legally :-)  )   I went to school in the 1970s at Drexel my wife to LaSalle University.  We know Philly well........go Egg-els.  Fly!!!!!!!

We had a reservation because it is a Friday night and New Years weekend and the tourist count was VERY high.  place was packed and its NOT small.  We were 3 minutes early and waited about 10 minutes and were pleasantly seated.  Hostesses were super friendly.

Greg our waitstaff was swift and accommodating, efficient and knowledgeable.

My spouse's drinks were (by our now New York experience)  decent size and nice potency (lemon drop martini) and my daughter and I had water and club soda with lemon that was endless and always full.

I got a vegetarian minestrone (has no pasta) that was really very very good, and hot was the call on this cold cold night.  For health reasons I try to avoid gluten/processed grains and also dairy.  This is did have probably cheese rind that gave it a great buttery cheese flavor and texture.   Vegetarian not whole food plant based or vegan.  

My wife got a chicken piccata with a fantastic topping and capers and a side of homemade vermicelli.  She is a fantastic cook herself so when this gets high marks ....I was impressed.

Finicky daughter requested an off the menu rigatoni al la vodka that i tested and it was a nice homemade sauce/gravy of small chunky tomatoes and a nice flavor.  She said it was "awesome".....I was relieved.

I was a little more selective as usual, and requested a gluten free pasta (penne) and an all vegetable (no cheese) plate.  It was very wonderful and served promptly and HOT! 

The crew had a hankering (even though it was single digits outside) some gelato.  and we were disappointed by the limited "dessert" options.  (meaning no gelato at an Italian themed restaurant) 

So we ran south two block to Samson on 13 to a gelato specialty place that was FANTASTIC as well.

Mission accomplished - great job Maggiano's on Filbert.
We had a 7:00 reservation this past Saturday and had to wait about 15 minutes. 

When seated our server was friendly, but he was very busy. 

We ended up just ordering 2 pasta dishes - butternut squash ravioli and the gnocchi with Italian sausage. They were both decent but not anything I'd order again. 

Food came out really quick and we were almost done before he came back over. When food was dropped I asked for more bread but it never came. 

Place was PACKED with large groups (families with young kids) and it just wasn't for me. 

Overall pretty cheap though, 2 of us was like $40. 

It's a chain Italian restaurant, you can imagine what it is.
Review intended for a PRIVATE PARTY:

I organized our office holiday party for 30 people at Maggiano's this past weekend and had a fantastic experience. Party planning was made easy by choosing the Milano package ($35 food and $40 open bar per person). We were in the Napoleon room which was very pleasant with a nice classy touch. The service was absolutely phenomenal and definitely added to why the party was such a success.

Food Line Up:

Started with the bruschetta & sausage peppers and onions served on a buffet. The bruschetta was great! I was pleasantly surprised to find cannellini beans in it! Turned out to be very tasty.
Got the Maggiano's house salad & caesar salad served to the tables family style. I recommend both but to request less dressing as it was a little drenched and I had some guests complain.
For pastas we got spaghetti with meat sauce and the four cheese tortellini with pesto. Both good!
Entrees were chicken parmesan and an eggplant parm for the veggie eaters.


Great overall experience! :) Definitely would recommend for large parties
I highly recommend Maggiano's to anyone visiting or living in Philadelphia.  I did note there were locals there as well as tourists.

Lou at the bar did a great job.  Very friendly and great service.  Most of the workers there have been there since the day the place was opened.  Enjoyed the Sinatra music in the background.  Fred a local attorney introduced himself and was very friendly.  Nice atmosphere.

The food - WAS AWESOME.  I am a Fettuccine Alfredo nut - like to throw shrimp on them and with the major fail from the restaurant from the evening before I was not satisfied with my fix.  The noodles you could tell were made that day they were so fresh.  The sauce - was awesome.  The shrimp were cooked perfect and tender - they even removed the tails off of them - nice touch.

Using my foursquare special if you order a classic pasta they give you a free pasta dish to take home with you.  I was leaving the city the next morning and knew I couldn't use it but saw a lot of homeless people around and knew it could get some good use.  Found a senior man about to lay down for the night on the sidewalk outside a church and gave him the meal and he was so happy.  That was a bonus.

I will definitely return - in fact make it a point - to eat here again.  I would highly recommend friends to this restaurant without hesitation.
Just found out that my waitress at Maggiano's deliberately deceived me. Just to recap, the bill was $125 and I had $200 in gift cards (8 $25 cards). I gave her 7 cards so I could add a tip of $35. She never returned with the $175 in cards. After 20-30 minutes I was finally able to flag her down. 

She mentioned they don't do receipts for gift cards (never heard of this) and that they would run the cards at the end of the day. I asked for one of the cards back - thinking that I could only leave a tip of $25 for this annoyance. Not as much as I wanted to leave, but enough for the faulty service.

I just found out that she CHARGED that 7th card .... for the full amount. I'm curious how they aren't able to run the cards until the end of the day but somehow the full $25 amount in this 7th card is now gone. 

Ridiculous and unscrupulous.
This review is strictly for the way the team handled an event our company was holding here and how they were able to accommodate and correct the person who booked this event's screw ups.

I did not have anything more than a bit of calamari and some salad as we were busy putting on a presentation but our guests said they had a good time and that was all that mattered at that point.
Expected way better service and food.

Based on the research and review I saw, we picked this as our restaurant of choice to try for the first time.

As soon as we walked in, I immediately encountered people who just does not seemed like you want to be there. absolutely zero smile.

Sat down and the waiter forgot the bread, was not brought to us until we almost finished the  entree. (The restaurant was maybe 2/5 full)

And the waiter seemed really annoyed when we told him (nicely) sorry we are not ready to order just yet, we are still looking at the menu and also waiting for one of our friend to arrive. and the waiter just gave us a (roll eyes) and walked away said ok.

I normally am ok to ignore the horrible service and hoping food is good at least... it is not the case with this restaurant. the food was below average especially for the price we all paid for between 25-30$ per entree.

Only good part about the dining experience was the dessert.

I am pretty sure there are plenty of good Italian restaurants out there or near the area. But this one was unfortunately quite disappointing.
My cousin had a huge rehearsal type dinner here the night before his wedding.  The staff was great for such a large group of people in their banquet room.    The food is overly starchy and very Italian American, and I really don't dig family style serving in general though.  Like, wtf, it's not cute, and I'm not at home give me my own plate you jerks.
Feeling something on the lighter side today. Stopped in and dined with Kristi.. this young lady was extremely personable...a true delight..

Her recommendations based on my cravings for something on the lighter side for lunch was with-out a doubt on point and truly feeling. The crab cakes were perfectly prepared, popping with flavor and served on a bed of Parmesan coated arugula greens. The sauce  served with the cakes really makes the flavors sing. After the first bite you'll be transported to Flavor Station. 

I've ordered caprese salad in the past as well but this was a new spin on things. The caprese was garden fresh. Fresh mozzarella cheese, basil, and tomatoes were soooo ripe. All of this freshen was crowned with chunks of roasted Chicken. Omg. Thank you Kristi for a Job well done. Delizimo!!
Honestly, this is where you go if you have a big party of hungry people with various food necessities/tastes. I went with 2 vegetarians, and a guy who only eats halal (fish okay), and a bunch of hungry carnivores as well. The family style is a great deal and there's something on the menu for everyone. 

- Rigatoni D - Delicious chicken and mushrooms with a tangy pasta. I usually get this even if I'm just getting take out. Definitely my favorite dish here.
- Stuffed mushrooms - Always a crowd pleaser
- Tiramisu - Very good
- Chocolate cake - Not for the faint of heart but if you love chocolate it's thick and rich and delicious.

Any of the fish dishes and chicken dishes are also great. The ambience it good and I always have a great time.
Services was perfect. The food was freshly prepared and very tasty. I had the beef tenderloin medallions with Marsala sauce. It was wonderful! Very comfortable atmosphere with open dining room. Highly recommend this restaurant!
Maggiano's remains wildly popular here in the Convention Center area of Philadelphia, and for some great reasons.

Just gonna get it out of the way that Maggiano's picked an inherently great location (being near the Reading Terminal Market and the Pennsylvania Convention Center), which keeps it at the forefront in people's minds and eyes.

We stopped by for a workday lunch at noon on a Friday, we were the only customers inside and I was shocked to see how empty it was. Even though Maggiano's only opens at noon, I'd still have expected it to be crazy busy right off the bat on a weekday. But alas, what do I know; I only review restaurants, not run them! Hahaa

Another surprise that you might not expect: it was *cold* inside! Again, this was when it first opened at noon; I'll skip a beat and mention that it was completely comfortable within the hour, once many more customers filled the tables inside. Nothing to be alarmed about, just an FYI.

It happened to have taken 30 minutes for our appetizers to arrive, from the time that we ordered them. We literally had to flag down our waiter and ask when food might start arriving. Food finally came out about 10 minutes later. We were on a business lunch, mind you; not that we pointed that out.

I will skip another beat and say that a manager later came out to talk with us, and profusely apologized for the delay of food. In fact, she was nice enough to complement our meals with free desserts at the end - for all of us. So that was sweet, literally! 

Maggiano's has a rustic interior, which tends to be common for traditional Italian restaurants. This is especially a great place for a that special date, a special celebration, or even just a great treat to yourself just because you are you! And the waitstaff were all very kind, and are dressed in white shirt and black aprons. It's a classy place!

The tomato & basic bruschetta was my appetizer of choice. The toasted bread was perfect - with its crunchy outside and chewy inside - to hold the heavy pile of chopped tomatoes, basil, garlic, and balsamic vinaigrette.

I ordered the chicken parmigiana and pasta for the main course, which was delicious, and plentiful enough for a hearty serving. The dish itself didn't knock my socks off, but there was nothing to complain about. Both chicken and pasta were done perfectly, and the sauce was thick and succulent.

Again - the manager took a moment to visit with us as we were finishing out main courses, and offered us free desserts for the delay in serving our food. The way to a man's heart truly is his tummy, and the entire visit made me happy!

If you can't make it down to Philadelphia's Italian Market (can we still call it that these days?), then you could do a lot worse if you don't try Maggiano's Little Italy fine dining restaurant!
Came here for my cousins birthday, we had a party of 6-8 people. We had reservations and were seated quickly. 

The food was really good. We ordered off of the family style menu. All of the portions were just enough for all of us and we had no complaints. The dessert was my favorite part! 

Although the food was great, we definitely felt rushed during our meal. Which kind of ruined our experience there. Maybe because we had sort of a large party? Who knows. I will be definitely giving this restaurant another try though.
So we ordered lunch for the office. I offered to pick it up. I'd never been here so I thought I was picking up a couple pizzas or something. I got there and there was a buffet waiting! 
The service was excellent. They were all about making sure we had enough cutlery and serving utensils. Then they even helped me get it to the car. I was upset that I don't carry cash anymore. I would've loved to have tipped them for going above and beyond on such a hot day. 
I'm not sure what Maggianos is known for but their salads aren't just filler food. We got two large bowls of Cesar and blue cheese with bacon and they were excellent. We got ziti, spaghetti, some type of mushroom noodle dish, two types of chicken. 
My only criticism is the chicken parm was very dry. I would classify it as overcooked but no one else complained so that might just be me. The other chicken was cooked to perfection. And of course plenty of bread and butter!
I'd like to go back when i'm not with the work fam. I might just get a salad when I do.
This is a indoor-dining during COVID review -

Maggiano's has reduced the number of tables indoor to maintain appropriate social distancing. All the staff was wearing masks as were the diners when not seated. They also kept enough space for us while waiting to check in and waiting to get seated.

They still have their entire menu which was great with the addition of "take home a classic pasta for $5" with a purchase of an entree. We love their lasagna, so quickly took advantage of this promo for lunch the next day.

The ricotta garlic bread, mom's lasagna and shrimp diabolo were all very yummy. They started us with table bread and were quick to refill my SOs soda without prompting. A manager checked on us a few times which also made us feel special. Our server Eliana was exceptional.

Overall we were very pleased with our first indoor-dining experience during COVID, especially because it was an icy night.
Staying at the Marriott across the street for business and called at 8:00pm to place a big carry out order. When I called, the carry out host answered right away however the issue is when I requested to order the moms lasagna. I had already ordered a few other items but the person stated that she was just told they were all out of the lasagna. I'm kind of confuse since they don't close for another 2 hours which was such a disappointment however after a long day at work we all were hungry. So I went ahead and only ordered for two people. I placed an order for calamari and the chicken piccata. I tasted both items and I must say it was really good. I wish the wait time wasn't so long for takeout and wish they didn't run out of a basic item like lasagna which almost everyone of my party wanted hours before closing.

Overall this chain restaurant definitely don't meet the high quality level of customer service I am use to at the Tysons Corner Virginia location. I probably won't ever order takeout here again when staying in downtown Philadelphia.
I've heard a lot about Maggiano's and was looking forward to dining here, and to be honest I was a bit disappointed. I've had good and mediocre Italian food before and the food here leans toward being very mediocre. 

Our server was very friendly and provided excellent service. I came with a large group and she was continuously checking on us to make sure everything was good. The interior is nice and spacious and good for a group. 

In terms of food, I had the chicken francese and the chicken was delicious. The rest of the dish, sadly, failed to live up to my expectations and was just a bit sad. Through the group I went with there were mixed reviews regarding a lot of the food. I also tried some of the shrimp scampi which was very bland and lacking in flavor. Overall, I think if you're looking for really amazing Italian-American food you may want to try looking elsewhere first!
I had a pretty good time at Maggiano's and I've been there twice.  The service is pretty good and the wait staff are very helpful with knowledge.  The food was delicious.  My bf had the veal and mushroom ravioli and it was GOOD.  I'm usually turned off by the thought of eating veal, but one bite and I was hooked.  I ordered the Rigatoni dish and it was a big ass portion.  I had leftovers for my trip back home.  I also tried the tiramisu and it was good too.  It was very rich and decadent.  The only downside of this place is the wait time.  It took about 30 mins for a table on a sunday night, but I'll keep waiting for that delicious tiramisu.
I believe this may be the first time I've ever given a chain restaurant more than 3 stars!  I went against my normal inclinations to avoid chains, especially in cities, and visited Maggiano's while in Philadelphia last week for a late lunch.  It was a horribly rainy and cold day and Maggiano's was open and convenient to where I was staying.  I was surprisingly impressed!  I took a seat at the bar and the bartender immediately befriended me.  I wanted a glass of wine and he willingly poured out some of his favorite reds for me to try (it looked like I had ordered a flight).  I made my selection and he kept the wine flowing all afternoon.  I ordered the chicken pesto pasta which was quite tasty.  I couldn't even come close to finishing it.  Their bread was crusty, warm and fresh.  The service was fantastic and I really did like the ambiance...so much so that I spent about 3 hours there.  Although I'm not sure I'd be back to eat again, given the many great restaurants in Philly that are on my list to try, I'd definitely come back for a drink.  Or many.
Hostesses is rude & unfriendly!!  

I was in town for work & decided to walk to a nearby restaurant by my hotel & since this was near I decided to give it a try.  I should have just gone to Chili's!  

I walk in & asked for a seat for one. The hostess ushered me to a table facing the bar & in front of the dining area. Before I can tell her I did not want to eat in front of an audience she walked away without saying a word. I find her demeanor extremely rude.  She acted like there was a long line behind me (there was nobody) & I was an inconvenient. My waitress was nice, but it took a few minutes for her or anyone to come greet me or give me any water. 

I started with the creamy chicken soup. It was very creamy & rich. For an entree I had the lobster pasta dish. In the menu it stated that it is suppose to come with a creamy white sauce, but its actually fettuccine. I changed it to a creamy garlic sauce but what I got was pasta saturated with butter...gross!  The portion was huge & I only had 4 bites before I decided I had enough butter in my mouth.  It was not good in my opinion. 

I asked for the dessert menu and when I placed it down my waitress asked to "borrow" it but she never came back with the menu. She was the only person who spoke to me.  I ordered the mini creme brulee & it was decent.  However, the portion was perfect for me.  When I left there was two hostess in front, none of them spoke or thanked me for coming in.  They just stood there & stared at me as I walked out.  
 
The hostesses here are rude & the food is passable. Olive Garden to me taste a whole lot better! I'm definitely not coming back & I'll be sure to tell my friends & family to avoid it!
I have had (mostly) great meals here and a few OK ones, you just have to know what to order. I have been to the Maggiano's in Vegas, King of Prussia and many times in my own city of Philadelphia. I come here a lot because everybody likes Italian and everyone I take here leaves happy. You get a TON of food, where one entree usually serves two (or three!) The two entrees that I weren't thrilled about in the past were the Rigatoni D (I like more sauce in my pasta plus it was too mushroom-y) and the Pasta Carbonara (Just wasn't a fan). However, the Taylor Baked Ziti and Vodka rigatoni couldn't be better! This place is definitely worth a try!! Especially if you are trying to please a wide range of people.. you can't go wrong with Italian!
Doesn't really blow me away. Both times I've been there have been for work dinners. The first was just a small party where we ordered individual platters. Run of the mill Italian food, but not bad.

The second time we ordered family style with a large party, and that was more enjoyable. There's nothing here that will blow your mind, but it's a safe place to bring a lot of people - who doesn't like Italian food? 

I will say the family style portions are HUGE. Even sharing with several people, we had boxes and boxes of leftovers.
Maggiano's gives huge portions. It is a good place to go with friends. The food there is good. I enjoy it for getting together with my friends, and don't regret it. I give the food there a 3 or 3 1/2. I love italian food, but if you want GOOD Italian food, its not the best place. However, the tiramisu dessert, I give a FULL 5! The tiramisu is amazing, and never had any other tiramisu like it! I would go there again just for the tiramisu.
Maggiano's is a chain and I have visited their restaurants in Atlanta, Georgia; Orlando, Florida; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Las Vegas. You can say that I am a fan. To speak to the chain as a whole, each restaurant offers a warm and cozy feel created by the warm tones of the wooden tables, the dark wood bordering the walls, and the dim candle lighting. Although I can see the place working as a date place, I see it more as a family place with the red checker board table clothes and the large round tables. This is especially true when it comes to the menu options as well. If you are less then a party of three a trip to Maggiano's can be a little bit pricey. However, if you re four or more I highly recommend ordering the family style meal.

I always order the Family Style Meals, and although they may appear a little pricey at first it's definitely worth the price! The way this system works is that you order two appetizers and two salads and they keep bringing you as much as you want. I recommend in the Philadelphia Maggiano's as well as any of the other ones I previously mentioned to order the stuffed mushrooms which are very juicy and flavorful and have a nice crunch to them with the crusted parmesan cheese as well as the Maggiano salad. Now it is extremely unlike me to be raving about a salad but trust me this one is really good, it has a sweet dressing that is balanced out by a robust cheese -  what I think is gorgonzola cheese or bleu cheese.  After you've had your fill of your appetizers you go on to the main course which features two pastas and two entrees. Here is where the Philadelphia branch scored average. I found their Chicken Marsala and Baked Ziti to be a little bland; I think they could both have used a bit more salt. The Chicken Parmesan was good but nothing stellar either. After you've enjoyed multiple refills on your main course selections naturally you get to pick 2 dessert items. I recommend the tiramisu and the spumoni. I think, although I may be biased as a dessert connoisseur, they recovered with desserts. 

The service is average. The waiters are kind and attentive, but naturally you feel as if they do not come around often enough since you're constantly asking for refills. Just be mindful that you're probably not the only one in the restaurant who ordered family style. 

All in all, this is a great place to hangout for a few hours while pigging out on generally good food with a group of friends.
For a chain restaurant, this one is really good.  Everything is really delicious and the wait staff are super friendly and very accommodating, especially if you are a large party.  My company takes us for a holiday luncheon there every year...which starts at 1:00 and lasts until at least 5:30.  While there, we never feel rushed, and they are always quick to bring us whatever we need.  My favorite is the calamari...cooked to perfection and never chewy...yum!
REVIEW OF DELIVERY/TAKE OUT ONLY

Okay, okay, it's a chain, I get it... BUT if you're feeling really lazy, Maggiano's delivers via diningin.com, which is phenomenal. And at least you know what you're going to get. Also, they cater to big office events. Way better than getting Subway sandwich platters or Marathon salads for the umpteenth time if you're burning the midnight oil....
Oh, they try to so hard...

I'm half Italian and hate chain restaurants, but I won a gift certificate to this place, so I felt obligated to go and try it out.

The staff was pretty good, very attentive to the point of almost annoying, and kept sweeping crumbs off the table which I love.  They managed to get us out in the hour I get for lunch.

The food was super salty, not terribly tasty and the pasta was WAAAAAY over cooked. Mushy gnocchi=eeew.

If you're from the midwest and never eaten real Italian food, I'm sure this place is great, but I still recommend going to a family-owned restaurant as the best way to explore most cities is through its food.

I've heard from a bunch of people that they're good for groups.
Just had our Amtrak company Christmas party here with about 100 people. The room was ready promptly for us and it looked very nice with two bars on each side.

The service was quick and friendly. Refilling drinks as needed and bringing our the different meal selections.

Our bundle included rolls, bruschetta, fried ravioli and salad as a starter. The mains were gnocchi with Italian sausage, chicken parm and fettuccine Alfredo. Dessert included apple pie with ice cream and NY style cheesecake. 

My table of ten, including myself, were not exactly impressed by the food. Gravy seemed like it was gold because it was lacking on the parm and ravioli. We asked and received a bowl that was for one person-not ten.
The rest was unmemorable. I understand  the difficulty of getting  meals ready and prepared to come out hot for 100 people and maintain its integrity, but still we all left feeling a little  disappointed.
My hunny decided to go crazy and had a ton of food delivered to my apartment. It was fantastic bcuz I got to taste a little of everything. The Rigatoni D is as good as everyone says. I'd say by far my favorite of all the dishes. The cheese ravioli was a bit heavy, but I liked it nonetheless. Probably wouldn't order it as a main dish tho. The shrimp pasta was good. LOTS of shrimp. Cesar salad was great. The salmon was over cooked. The butter cake was phenomenal. The chocolate cake too. I really enjoyed it all. They didn't deliver my Pellegrino, but that's fine. After all he went through with them canceling the original order, I'm just glad I eventually got to eat.
Been here almost 2 hours still waiting for our entree. neat! Did they have to google 'how to make a martini?' Cause it took longer than anything else and was warm. 
Decent bread.
Our waiter Ally was simply amazing! Very accommodating and met our every need. The ambiance was also welcoming and comfortable. 
The food was very good I had the crab cake eggs Benedict which was so yummy and cooked the way I liked. Also my friend enjoyed her dish of the French toast with a side of scrambled eggs. However the cranberries in the French toast weren't really her "cup of tea" but otherwise we both enjoyed ourselves. The mimosas had us nice and giggly
We love Maggiano's and we don't have one where we live. My sister surprised me by informing me there is one in Center City! So we had to check it out of course. It's a pretty typical Maggianos... it looks like all the others, except for the lovely view of the Reading Terminal Market. I don't really have a ton to say - it was a pretty normal excellent Maggiano's experience. I got the gnocchi, which I usually don't get, and our server asked if I wanted to add sausage to it (yes please). I LOVE the Maggiano's sausage and often get the penne so I can have it, so gnocchi with sausage was like perfect. Cocktails were good, service was good. No complaints!
I always order the Family Style Meals, which are definitely worth the price! I actually enjoy the appetizers and salads much more than the entrees. We usually get some combination of stuffed mushrooms (I always crave these for days afterwards), sausage and peppers, mussels, calamari, and Maggiano's salad (they have a great dressing!). You can eat an extraordinary amount if you carve out some time and refill your plates multiple times before moving onto the next course. Ask for refills ahead of time since they take a while! (We definitely asked for stuffed mushrooms at least 3 times.) Both times I have been to the Philly Maggiano's, the waiter has told my group that he couldn't believe we finished everything. Oops.

The service is pretty average. The waiters are nice, but do not come around enough. This is probably because we wanted a decent number of refills, so I don't fault them too much. We just flagged them down. The lobby looks really nice, and the dining area is fine.
Good food is good food. I don't care if you're a chain, a food truck on the street or a five-star-rated restaurant. I think Maggiano's has very good food. Anyone I've ever taken there comes away amazed. I've even given up the drudgery of making Thanksgiving Dinner in favor of their Thanksgiving extravaganza. It's 
delicious, festive and a good value. We leave with leftovers and there is no exhausted cook left to do a pile of dirty dishes. Go check out Maggiano's and see for yourself.
We did the family style meal! Such a great deal for the price! We tried the Caesar salad , mozzarella sticks, chicken parmigiana, muscles, chicken cattitore and tiramisu and cheesecake. Everything was huge portions and great flavor. Will definitely visit if in the area again!
My first time at Maggiano's tonight, and I must say, I am thoroughly impressed. We had a reservation but still had to wait about 15 minutes. But it was a Friday night at 8pm, so it's to be expected. 

we get seated and got our appetizers rather timely. I ordered the Crispy Zucchini Fritte for an appetizer and it was delicious. Had the Rustic Chicken and Shrimp ziti for the entree, and it too was absolutely delicious. The prices were average for the type of restaurant, but the portions are enormous. I usually finish my food and seldomly take leftovers to go, but halfway through my entree my body could hardly take anymore.. But I didn't want to just box up less than half the dish so I had to summon all my strength to finish. 

Here I sit, about 3 hours later, and i'm still stuffed. All in all I had a great first experience there and will definitely be returning.. hopefully on a night that is not so busy.
Ok I love the food... it was your classic Itailian fare. The spaghetti bolognese was so delicious!

BUT! (on our second visit)...

My boyfriend got food poisoning from the chicken parm that he ate. He was so sick for a day. When we called Maggiano's to tell them, they were so rude and didn't want to listen at all. We weren't complaining... just hoping they would tell the Chef and look into it, to prevent other people from getting sick.

We'd go back, just maybe not eat the chicken...
Went for a nice lunch to celebrate a friend's birthday. Service was great as it was a slower time of day. I LOVE the fresh, warm bread that you get at the beginning of the meal. I had the fries calamari appetizer as my meal because it was HUGE. Also, I'm a fairly plain person so I was thankful that there were no peppers/ onions/ cheese/ sauce nonsense mixed in with the dish (marinara on the side). 

At the end of the meal, our server brought us awesome lemon cookies with super fun candles for the birthday girl. She also split our checks very graciously without any attitude, which was appreciated. 

Overall great atmosphere, cute Italian decor, good service, and great food, especially for a chain restaurant! 

Definitely will be back.
We had brunch on a Sunday morning-I made a reservation on Open Table for 10:30 but they don't open until 11. It was very quiet. I think there were less than 10 customers the entire time we were there.

My husband had Lemon Blueberry Pancakes and I had Chicken and Waffles. The food was awesome! We also had drinks - Italian Spritzer and Mimosa. There was so much food we took leftovers back to our hotel around the corner (Home2 Suites, which I also recommend). 

Next time we're in the city I'd like to try lunch or dinner here. According to our server everything is made from scratch.
Maggiano's has always been a favorite restaurant of mine and this particular experience was right on par with the rest. They restaurant was crowded as expected at dinner time. One of my few complaints from the visit is that we had a reservation for 7 but we were seated until about 7:15/20. 

However once we were seated the service was timely, our waitress was caring and attentive and our food was absolutely delicious. 

The house salad is a must try it perfectly wets your appetite for and of the entrees. The Gnocchi and sausage is definitely one of their heavier dishes but it will last you a while and keeps well in the fridge. 

My only other complaint is that the cocktails were tiny. I ordered a mule expecting it to come out in a normal sized mug but it appeared to be a miniature version of that. 

Pro-tip save room for dessert you'll enjoy anything you try off their menu. I also loved how you can get the dessert in different portioned sizes!!
Really basic dishes with nothing unique. With that saying, this is still a safe Italian place if you have no where to go. Ask for butter for the bread. They won't just give it to you. I wait a long time for them to bring the butter out. Felt like the waiters ignored me sometimes. Won't come back
Met some family members here for a nice dinner during our overnight visit to Philadelphia.  I personally had no idea that this place was a chain of restaurants.

You walk in here and there is a really -- classic looking -- wood bar with very amiable bartenders (kudo's to Louis the bartender for having a bit of fun with my little boy as he sat there drinking his coke as we waited for a table.)  They certainly had a crowd there waiting for tables (well it was New Years weekend after all.)  This place is right across from the Reading Terminal Market and the Marriott Hotel -- it is obvious how it is easily found and more to the point, once you sit for a meal there, it is easy to notice how and why people flock there -- the food is just plain enjoyable and they serve plenty of it!  Although they seem to have individual dishes, it appears to be more common for them to serve "family style" (think big doggie bags even once everyone been liberally served.)  On top of that, everything seem to be made fresh to order (salads included), and the wait-staff is very accomodating, personable and thorough (interesting to learn that our particular waitress was, at one time, a park character at Disney.)

To top off dinner, we enjoyed a bevy of wonderful desserts, cappuccino  and ultimately the bill -- which, for the most part (considering we were a party of 6), was fairly reasonable.  And we left there with a few bags full of take-out tins with the yummy leftovers for the two+ hour trip back home to NY.  We look forward to visiting there again when we get back to Philly.
I dunno, I just feel so guilty going to these "family style" places with ridiculously huge portions that no one could possibly finish. I'd rather not be contributing directly to rising food prices, global hunger, and general wastefulness. 

I had baked ziti with sausage, it was pretty good but not great. The 1/2 salad was big enough for two people to start with, but not good enough for one person to bother eating.
My friends and I ate here because we were from NYC and had no clue that Maggiano's is a chain restaurant.  Had I know this fact we would have tried to find a smaller, local restaurant to patronize.  

The food was great though.  I had the cheese ravioli and the marinara was to die for.  We also tried the fried cheese and I still dream about it.  Even though this restaurant is in every major city these days, it doesn't mean it isn't good.  Worth the visit!
What can I say? Everyone has eaten here and Maggianos is one of the most popular chain restaurants ever. The food is good with their legendary huge portions. The service Is usually great, with their crisp white uniforms. The bar is great, with some very inexpensive food specials. The bread and the Wine selections are satisfying and the Dessert choices are big, tasty and dramatic to say the least. All good huh? Not really. The incessant droning of the Sinatra-esque music is so annoying that you want to grab that funny looking manager and pimp slap him until he turns that crap off so you can interact with your friends and family sans the El Lamo soundtrack! The food issues that I have a problem with are: I prefer pan-fried Meatballs over baked ones, The Italian Sausage is so puny and tasteless, that it doesn't match the rest of the menu. And the pizza needs to have more choices. The Chef is a good natured big guy that loves to cook. Can you ask for more?
We went to Maggiano's while in town for work. I'm not personally a fan of going into chain restaurants, especially when I travel. We sat immediately and the service and food were both good. I don't think the food was very memorable but it came out hot and as ordered.
I don't typically review my dining experiences by break down like this but it seemed the best way to lay out my thoughts on Maggiano's.

Ambiance/Atmosphere = 3.5

Classic red/white checker board table cloth, high ceilings. Overall nice space but very loud. 

Food = 4.0

Solid, well prepared Italian.The pasta was al dente, the steak was cooked to order, the bread was warm. 

Drinks = 2.5

Here is where things went astray; I ordered the Perfect Rob Roy Up. Our server returned to the table twice to apologize for the drink delay and assure it was coming. When my drink arrived it was in a rocks glass; already sweaty and warm.

Service = 2.5

Our server seemed over tasked. See above drink issue, our waters were dry most of the time we were at the table. On the positive side he was very friendly.

Avg = 3.125

Maggiano's breaks down to a solid 3 stars, with solid food for your dollar.

Cheers!
Prices were expensive and did not match the informality of the restaurant's setting. There food took more then a lot of time to come. Waiters obviously know there way around a thesaurus, but not a check book. People where making phone calls in the middle of the restaurant showing us there lack of crowd control. Food was okay, but table were small and inconvenient to dine at. The setting of this restaurant made me utterly frustrated and wanting a better dining experience for my dear grandmothers 75th birthday gala. Upon the well inticepated departure I reached for a mint to freshen my breath, the mints where not refeshing and tasted bad.
I've had mixed experiences when it comes to this chain restaurant, but I must say this experience in Philly was quite pleasant. I sat at the bar and ordered veal piccata and it was delicious! It came with a bowl of spaghetti pasta, but I would have preferred angel hair pasta! Anyway, the veal was tender and cooked perfectly! #pleasantlySurprised
Went here with a party of 9 and one child the evening before the broad street race. It's a tradition if my teammates and I. The food was pretty good. I was told the shrimp fra diavlo was spicy but it wasn not spicy to me I added chili flakes to it. The asparagus had no flavor so I added lemon juice and Parmesan. 
The waiter was very kind and considered but also slow. It took a while for things to come back like a straw for my water for example. 
The food took over an hour to come out so we didn't get food til almost 10pm and our reservation was for 8:45. The wrong food was brought out for one of my teammates so she had to wait even longer to eat. 
They did a solid job of giving us the right checks and bringing us bags for our $5 classic take home pastas.
Maybe my standards are too high for Italian food or something but it was just ok to me. I guess I should preface this with the fact that my order was only from Door Dash so I didn't experience the actual restaurant. Overall they give nice portion sizes but lack in the flavor department. Basically no more or no less than what you'd expect from a chain Italian restaurant. It serves a purpose and you should base your expectations on that.
Stopped in a maggianos when out of town for work. I selected a seat in the bar to attempt to get some quick service to get in and out in minimal time. Unfortunately it took a while for a waitress to ask me for my order. 

I got a bud light on draft which was served cold and relatively quickly. I ordered the veal Picatta as a main and was really impressed with the flavour of the dish. The dish was cooked quite well however why have pasta as the standard side, how about a salad or other option. I think they should get more standard non pasta accompanies to the dish. 

I was able to get the check prom plenty which made up for he lack of attention at the start of the meal. Also my water glass was rarely empty which I appreciate.
All I can say is that I had one big belly of unsatisfaction. I went here for a holiday work luncheon and we had a reservation of about 20 people. They would not seat us until EVERYONE arrived, not just a majority (17). This really boggled me because the table was set up and ready for us and we had ordered the family style menu ahead of time so no on-the-spot ordering had to be done. 

Sure family style is great because you get tons of food. But it's tons of heavy cheese greased carb loaded food. I love cheese but this was too much for me (especially for lunch and having to go back to work afterward). 

The fettuccine Alfredo was by far the worst. It congealed into a greasy mess. The seared pork medallions were dry. 

I think the most enjoyable parts were the Calamari Fritte and the Bruschetta. 

Also they had Darjeeling Tea which was great!
I have been here a few times and had lunch here today. The service was great! We were a large party and they clearly knew how to handle large groups. Which is a nice change. We had previously ordered family style for the group. The salad was a bit odd because it was just lettuce, some onion, and a little bit of Gorgonzola cheese. It said it was the maggiano's salad. There was no dressing. Would not suggest that. The stuffed mushrooms were really delicious though! For our entrees it was family style lasagna or chicken rolatini. Both were good. And for dessert apple pie or tiramisu. Overall, the food was good. I am not generally a fan of chains such as this. But I enjoyed the food today.
I came here for date night with my boyfriend. It's in downtown so be prepared to pay for parking. Good news, they validate your parking if you park above the restaurant so take your ticket with you! 9 bucks!

We made a reservation an hour before we showed up. The place was pretty busy but we were seated right away. 

I had kind of low expectation because I know it is a chain and chain pasta is usually not the best. I was pleasantly surprised. The hostess and the server were very nice. The server explained that all the food is made to order...fresh so you can basically change any dish to your liking. We had fried calamari and bruschetta for apps. The calamari was sooooo good. I asked...can I just have the rings. And that's what I got. 

For our main dishes we got braised beef and angel hair pasta it was in some type of white sauce and linguini and white clam sauce. Both were really delicious. My linguini was hot and fresh and came to the table with whole clams and chopped clams in it. I was completely satisfied with every aspect of my dinner and would definitely go back to try some other dishes.

Our total bill came to 78 dollars. I feel like that is expensive for pasta but it was good pasta with fresh ingredients. This total cost included an 11 dollar peach Bellini. Expensive as heck but it was delicious.
I would have given the full 5stars if not for the hostess that had taken my reservations originally. I called 3 days in advance to when I needed my reservation for. This is how the conversation went.

Her: maggiano's how cN I help you
Me:yes I'd like to make a reservation for Friday? .... Hello??? 
She full blown hung up on me.

I call back 
Her: maggiano's. How can I help u?
Me: uhhh yea I just called to make a reservation and u hung up on me?
Her: ok so what did u need?

Uhhh ru serious?!?!?! How about u NOT hang up on me.  I digress. I make my reservations for 7. Ok done. Next day I find out there was going to be more to the party. I call back lucky me same girl picked up. I asked to ADD 3 extra people to my reservation. She repeated what said. Wenget there today? My reservation was made for THREE people. NOT 10. Really?!?!  

The hostess that was working really accommodated us well.  The food was fantastic. Apps we had the fried zucchini and muscles. Omg to die for. Entree was spaghetti and meatballs and a linguini with clam. YUM. I will definitely be back!!
So I'm back in Philly for work. I have a large group (15+) and I thought hey, why not give Maggiano's another chance. Reasons: 1) close to the hotel, close the convention center, offers family style dining (which makes ordering so much easier).
I made the reservation and the restaurant called to confirm. They said my entire party had to be present to be seated together. I told them, no that won't work. I will pay on 1 bill and 1 credit card but people will be coming and going. Due to everyone's schedule that would be difficult. I will be more than happy to order and keep ordering as needed. 
The person I spoke to told me that it was restaurant policy and repeated that if my entire party was not present then we would not be seated and our reservation would be canceled. 
SERIOUSLY?? I walked past your restaurant a few times and it looked pretty empty during lunch and at dinner. Are you that cash flow positive that you're going to enforce a dumb policy? Do you realize that you could be generating great business if you worked with your guests instead of enforcing a stupid policy?
Go someplace else.
I have been to Maggiano in other cities but not this one. We had three people in our party and others in the party were really happy with their food. I was a bit disappointed with my salmon though. I am a bit picky when it comes to seafood. The salmon was not fresh; I could taste the freezer burn fillet. Secondly, the fillet was over cooked and it was dry. Third, it had no flavor. I would have given this a place a two or three star for this. However,!i was very impressed with the service. The waitress was very good, which compensated for the low rating on the food. There two people in our party that needed some modifications on their dishes. When we presented that to the waitress, she accepted it welcomingly. This type of accommodation is always appreciated and noted!
I have visited the Bridgewater location several times at the lunch hour and have always been pleased. This Philadelphia location, however, was a disgrace. Service was horrible. After we had waited about 30 min, I had to flag the waitress and ask for bread for the table and more utensils. She still didn't bring enough utensils so we ended up grabbing some from the next table as it was empty. Forgot my drink order so I had to ask for it again after too much time had passed. Some of the dishes came out cold - how do you mess up ravioli?? Some of us were considering dessert but changed our mind after so much of time had passed and no sight of our waitress. Instead, we spotted her halfway across the room and gestured for the check.
I took friends here that came visiting from out-of-town.

Service was prompt and swift, active throughout, the table clean and the olive oil and bread on the table waiting for us as we sat down as a group. This is a group with a big appetite, too, former football players that they were.

Food itself, came out hot and in portions that actually tried to fill my friends. From the gnocchi (best my Italian friend has had at a restaurant in Philadelphia, apparently), to the sausage & chicken pasta, this place served food that was tasty, although unremarkable compared with what people's parents used to make.

Good for bigger groups, they can definitely schedule up reservations for you. They also have a e-newsletter that has coupons and specials that make this place cheaper and better.

Dessert - not bad. Tiramisu was good, but not the best I've had in Philadelphia. The cheesecake was decent, too.

We went at a peak period, so it was busy, and thus we understood that our food would take some time to reach us, and they had extra bread out in short order after a request. At least we didn't leave hungry!
Yes its a chain.  You cant really tell its a chain though......

I've been here multiple times in the last few years.  I have always had decent service and thought the food was good to really good.  If you want to try to compare it to the big chains such as Olive Garden and Carrabbas, this place beats them hands down every time.  Better decor, better menu selections, and huge portions of food!

You cant always please everyone.  For me, this is a great place to eat dinner or entertain clients.  Huge good portions of food and the best part is the prices.  Cheap prices for decent food in downtown Philly!  I'm not sure why people that dislike chain restaurants write bad reviews about them?   I don't really like them either, but i give credit where credit is due.  This is a good place.
Nice spot, chain, ...eh.
I was in town for a convention and since this place is right across the street from the Marriott, we couldn't help but stop in. 

The GOOD: lovebird special, your choice of appetizer (we got calimari), 2 main courses (Filet medallions for me), a dessert (cheesecake!) and 2 drinks (a glass of red wine) for only $70.

The BAD: they cant cook a steak to save their lives. but hey, even though it was over cooked, they covered it in a nice sauce so that hopefully I would have forgotten how I ordered it (med rare). 

Overall: about as good as a chain restaurant could get with an Italian theme.
Three of us ended up near Love Park on a cold and wet Sunday night.  Hadn't planned ahead, but saw Maggiano's on this helpful site. It turned out to be a tremendous surprise. 

As soon as we checked in at the front, we were shown to a spacious but comfortable table.   Water, fantastic warm bread, butter and olive oil were ready for us as soon as we were seated.  Drinks arrived quickly.

Our server was professional, gracious and knowledgable.  Appetizers were full of flavor and just as described on the menu. We had three different entrées, and they were all brought hot and timely,  cooked to perfection, looked and tasted great. 

Overall Maggiano's is a fantastic, well-run, restaurant with professionals in all areas and most importantly tasty authentic food offerings that couldn't have been better.
It was a business party that I went with. We had a small prvt room in the back area. 
I've heard so much of this place and I've had take out from here once.
Let me start by saying, I'm NOT the biggest fan of italian food. 

Walking in, I didn't really notice the decor. I was starving so headed straight for my table in the back. On the way out though, I looked around the place wasn't as fancy as I thought it would be. Maybe it was the checkered table cloths. 

Our servers were nice and quick. Though I would say, I only had my wine glass filled ONCE and this was an all you can drink event so not sure what's up with that service. The waitress came to take my glass, I thought she was going to refill it but she never came back...so i was stuck with my water for the rest of the meal. By the time I realized she wasn't coming back, dessert was upon me.

The food was fresh. I enjoyed the salad, the calamari and the bruschetta the most. It was served family style and they kept bringing out more...who was I to say "No"?

The main meal consisted of: 
-Herbed chicken- Disappointment
-Shrimp+crab cannelloni- It was okay
- Lasagna- I love me lasagna...had 2x servings
-Salmon- meehhhh
-Steak- It was okay...at least not dry but needed some more flavor


Dessert-
Tiramisu- Have had better
Apple turnover with ice cream ?- It would have been better if the turnover was warmer.

Then the shocker of the night. I COULD NOT take my left over's home. 
Can you say my jaw dropped? I mean really?

I'm the type to go to buffets because I can't eat a lot at one sitting. Also, if a meal is good, I feel no need to rush and stuff my face when I can eat to my content and take the rest home to eat on my couch while I watch my netflix. 

If the waitress kept refilling my wine glass and I was allowed to take whatever i enjoyed home, I prob would return but at this rate...it's a hard sell to get me back. I was soo annoyed at the spillover of food that was going to end up in the garbage. I mean the meal was already paid for sooo why can't we just take the rest home? WASTEFUL!
I came here for the first time last Sunday with a party of 14. My girlfriend and her cousins were taking their grandparents out for a surprise lunch in the city. We were early for our noon reservation, but were seated immediately. We had 2 waiters for our table, and both were very good. No one had to wait at any time through the meal for a refill on their drinks. We ordered everything family style. For appetizers we had the fried calamari, stuffed mushrooms, and Maggianos salad. The calamari was obviously frozen, and had way to much breading. Not impressive. The stuffed mushrooms were very good. The stuffing consisted of breadcrumbs, spinach, and mozzarella. For our entrees we had the chicken parm, 4 cheese ravioli, salmon, and the spinach and chicken manicotti. The chicken parm was dry. There was barely any marinara sauce on top, and it did not come with spaghetti noodles, just the breast on the plate. The salmon had a lemon taste to it, and was not of a high quality. I would not recommend it. The ravioli were tender and had a good taste. The best dish was by far the manicotti. If I returned here, I would get that. For dessert, we had the cheesecake and apples and ice cream. Both were very good, but nothing special. The service was top notch however, all the way through the end of the meal. With all the excellent Italian places in Philly, it is hard to say I would go back here for average food. I will say, that as far as Italian chain restaurants go, this was the best I have been to.
I totally forgot about this place in my recent review spree.  I'm often in center city with my mother or other older family members.  This always presents me with the interesting challenge of finding places to eat that are nicer than the standard casual chain, but not too far out of the comfort zone of those who frequent casual chains.  It was on one of those missions that I found Maggiano's.  

On our first visit, we had 7 people who were fresh from the flower show with a variety of food allergies, preferences and pet peeves.  Despite the fact that the restaurant was absolutely jammed with similar parties, we were greeted warmly and seated promptly.  Our server, Odie, was amazingly fast, friendly, and understanding.  One person in our party is gluten sensitive, which always presents a fun challenge in an Italian place, and he was not only offered gluten free pasta, but was given special attention in all aspects of the meal.

The food was decent in a "you get what you expect" kind of way and, though it was not authentic by any stretch, it was satisfying and plentiful.  

I was so impressed with the service that I actually emailed the company.  They responded by sending me a gift card and a nice letter, which I thought was pretty awesome.  It tells me that this particular chain values positive feedback as much as most respond to negative. 

I've been back since with my partner and have always enjoyed my time here.  It's not fine dining and the prices are slightly high for Italian fare, but it's a good fallback when you're looking for familiar and simple.
Unfortunately, I had a pretty bad takeout experience here.

My eggplant parmesan literally had 4-5 cloves of garlic in it. I am a big fan of garlic, but this was just excessive, and I had to pick big chunks out of my food. Unlike their normal eat-in portions, their takeout portion was tiny. I had actually chosen Maggianos because have eaten at other locations quite a bit and know their dine-in portions are usually ginormous. I was running Broad Street the next morning, so I was trying to get a good bang for my buck while carbo loading, but it just didn't pan out the way I had hoped. Thankfully, they included some bread in my to go bag, so I was relatively full after my meal (and I did have enough energy to finish the race the next day!). I just don't think I'll be getting takeout from here again.
Good service. People here smile a lot which was a good experience :) 
Music was good and I loved their food.
Was in town on business and checked out this nice place across the street from my hotel. The bartender Lue helped me on my wine selection and then recommended a great pasta dish. 

The staff was very friendly and my wine glass was never empty without Lue checking on me. 

I'm happy to give this place 5 stars.
Do not come to this location, you will do so much better going to the location in cherry hill NJ, you will have much better parking, the staff there are so nice and caring, I do not know why but the food quality is much better and more for your money. Any way I went here for my restaurant extravaganza for my birthday weekend. I went to all my favorite restaurants from ocean prime to del frisco's. I was tired so I did not want to drive to NJ that night on a sunday. The chefs kept screwing my food up they sent me a salad with no dressing the guy who brought it out just through it on the table, my waitress was in a bad mood by the time we were seated with her, the kitchen sent me out hard pasta and the manager acted like he did not care. I ended up just having water for dinner. I will never come back in the city for this crappie location. Again do not go.
Fairly expensive, bad service and ok food. If you're in town try one of the zillion places that's not a packaged chain. Try any of the great places near rittenhouse (18th and walnut) which is walkable from there if the weather is nice.

Our server disappeared for over 25 minutes so we tried to get drinks at the bar but the bartender refused to serve us because we were seated at a table. Needless to say - I will never go back.
My boyfriend and I came here for Valentine's Day in Feb 2010. Great food. You will leave stuffed! P.S. - Don't come here if you are on a diet. Some form of pasta in your dish is a must!
Huge portions. Better than olive garden. Way too many little kids running around. Hit or miss.
I had the shrimp fettuccine diablo. Shrimp was cooked well and there was a lot of shrimp even for the light version. But the hand made fettuccine was way over cooked. Very disappointing. Sauce was also very mild without any spices. 

I also had the Spumoni, which is a mix of 3 Italian ice cream. This version is not layered but came as 3 scoops of mix of 3 flavored. Serving size is great and texture is good. But the cherry flavor way over powered the other  two. The bread was fantastic. 

Waiter was very good and took care of issues very well,  

Hostess was gone all the time. Not sure she had too much duty or what. She was very polite but there were customer waiting all the time.
I must say this was my first time eating at Maggiano's Center City Location normally I venture out to KOP. However I must say even though this one is smaller its no different.

My bf's 29th birthday brought me to this specific Maggiano's. We made a reservation for 7:30 pm our table was ready at about 7:20 pm. The staff is very friendly and efficient. I waited a little longer just because I wanted a booth but that was my choice.

Starts off with another waiter who pours your water and bring out fresh bread and pours olive oil.

Then your actual waiter comes and ask what you would like to eat. Its very impressive :) 

The food was excellent I ordered garlic shrimp linguine and my bf ordered chicken parm which I must say was wayy better than my dish I was a little jealous.

Wait staff is very attentive and he deserved his whole 18% tip. 

Even though they do not sing Happy Birthday they will put candles on any dessert that you may order for the person's birthday.

FYI they do not have half or full portions anymore there is just one size however its all big so what the heck just go for IT! lol...

DEF WILL BE BACK!
so yummy!!! dont go on a wkend youll be disappointed its so crowded. i now get takeout and serve at home. its the best
This is our office's "reliable" spot, as it's a 2 minute walk away, and the food is consistently good.  We often remark about the scent of garlic when we walk past on our way to work in the mornings.  Most often when office meetings run late, we segue into continuing discussions over lunch or early dinner.  Maggiano's can handle larger parties and we've never had to wait long, even without reservations.

We've ordered "family style", a la carte, soup/salad, and happy-hour appetizers/drinks.  They've all been rock-solid.  The atmosphere is really nice, especially for a large, chain restaurant attempting to look like a small, local Italian joint.  The menu is broad and there are always specials.  Service is generally good, though the kitchen can get slowed when they'e a number of large parties.  (In other words, plenty of offices have their Christmas lunches here, and the kitchen works hard to keep up.)

The location is terrific, for locals and out-of-towners, with three large hotels and the Convention Center in walking distance.
We ate here on a recent Friday night.  The town was jammed with the Dad Vail's, weddings and graduations.  We walked in and got seating for 14 thanks to the hard work of the hostess.  The service was good, attentive but not hovering.  We ate family style, which they require after 10 people.  The food was great.  Bread and olive oil for the table.  The house wine was good.  Chicken Marsala, bruchetta, profiteroles and tilapia were just some of the things we ordered.  All good.
My food was very good although my server disappeared during the meal leaving me scrambling to pay. This was after she asked me to participate in the online survey where  I gave them a glowing reviews however everything went downhill from that point. I was to receive a free dessert which I was going to order to go. After finishing the survey I placed my order with my server Jen who disappeared for about 10 minutes I then spoke with a bus person to ask them to locate her. After another 10 minutes she did not appear I approached a second person who will then in turn spoke with someone else who then came out they did not identify themselves but took my payment I explained the situation that I was to have a dessert. I also gave him my leftovers to pack I waited an additional 10 minutes now were talking about a total of 30 minutes of me waiting for my food to come back packaged for me to leave. At this point I went to the hostess I rehashed everything and explained I need to leave for the theater I was then approached by a manager Cody who said to come in again and asked for him he'll take care of me I don't know if that means I called the next day still no response I will call again on Monday. By the way I never saw Jen again!!
Absolutely appalling. Two stars are for the food, which was very delicious. First- our waiter...pulls up a chair from a neighboring table and begins with "so how y'all ladies doing, what we drinkin?" This is at 2pm after us being at the flower show. He continues to very pushily get a drink order, to the point where my sister-in-law very sternly replied "water is fine for me". My mother in law and I had already ordered cocktails. He goes on to try to engage with us by asking where we are from...well this brings on a story from him in which he drops the Fbomb while loudly chewing his gum tableside. I asked for a recommendation between two dishes and he told me to not get either- they were not any good, then suggests an entree, of completely different tastes and protein (but $20 MORE in Price) I don't know how and why this behavior would ever be acceptable or considered good costumer relation. So disappointed in the whole vibe, I thought I was going to a nice establishment, but found myself in a lack luster diner environment.
Husband and I had lunch there today, after attending the FLower Show.   All staff - from front desk to busboys - were friendly and professional.  Our server, Sean, was great!  Knowledgeable, friendly, professional.   All food - from the bread through dessert - was excellent.  Although many folks shy away from 'chains' for decent Italian food, I have always found Maggiano's food to be of high quality.....and the ladies' room is clean!
I love Maggiano's, it's consistent and classic.  Last night, Saturday, it was very crowded so we decided to sit in the lounge instead of the dining room.  We ordered our food but there must have been some type of mistake because it took over an hour and a half to arrive.  We saw people who entered after us eat, and pack up their food before we even got ours.  Once we did receive the entrees our pasta was dry (as if it had been left out) and my order was incorrect.  We could tell the waiter was under a lot of stress so we let some things go.  My cousin pulled a boss move when the waiter asked if we wanted dessert.  She asked if it would be for free, and he said he'd pay for it.  That's why I gave this place 3 stars instead of 2.
Okay it's a chain.  And probably not the most authentic Italian that you have ever had.  But, the service for the couple of reunion meals (w/ people we haven't seen in almost 10 years) was impeccable and seamless.  When the focus is on the company and a feeding a crowd, it's okay that the tiramisu isn't like the one that nonna used to make.  Service was great, the food just okay.  For what it was, it was a nice experience.
Spent the weekend in Philadelphia for the Saints game. Stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn Center CIty and this was close by.

We had a nice relaxing late lunch here after a buggy ride and walking all over the place.

Great, great bread and the dipping olive oil was very nice and fruity.  No appetizers but the entrees were delicious.

I had the Chicken Francese but with garlic mashed potatoes, and the other guests had flatbread, lasagna and an alfredo style pasta of some kind.

The food was excellent, the service relaxed but attentive and the staff very friendly. It was a good experience and a nice way to spend a bit of extra time on lunch.
Legendarily large portions...but a good option for take-out since you know you'd be carrying food home even if you ate at the restaurant.  The Spinach Salad was tasty and fresh; Mom's Lasagna was also good, but I preferred the Taylor Street Baked Ziti with a tasty sausage inside.  The classic pasta portions can be doubled for only $5...a great way to stretch those leftovers!
