It's called Magic Carpet because their veggies will have you flying high! I chowed down on their jambalaya wrap and it was so good that I couldn't believe it was healthy.

For such a small truck Magic Carpet sure does offer a whole LOT of goodness. it might just be the veggie spot with the most variety. aside from plenty of awesome sandwiches they have soup, salad, pasta dishes, Greek, falafel, and so much more. and it's all so inexpensive and magically delicious.
The other day I was walking around thinking about the societal benefits that hippies have contributed towards American civilization.  After 15 minutes thinking about all the anti-war protests and liberation of the shackles of taking responsibility, I remembered what is possibly the best contribution.

And that contribution is Magic Carpet.

They serve fresh food that is tasty, veggie or vegan, and in a friendly way.  It's cheap and warm and oh so delicious.  Sometimes a co-worker and I will take a bus from Center City to go rock it when we have time.  It's that good.  I wonder what keeps them from opening up a restaurant proper.  It's probably that they don't want a building owning them, man.
Let me start this out  by saying that I love meat. I eat meat all day, every day. I dare to say no gluten or soy substitute in the world comes close to having that "hearty" taste. Yet, it was a recommendation from my co-worker that kept Magic Carpet in the back of my mind. After getting out of class early, I headed over to the cart, which had its legendary long line. It didn't take long though, because there were two guys manning the windows. When I was prompted to order, I blabbed the first thing I saw, the Dervish Delight. It came in a round foil tin with a lot of stuff. A lot of stuff indeed.

There was a salad, pita bread, hummus, taboulli and falafel. The pita bread was separate, but everything else was smushed together. Despite the fact that the lemon I had was a tad on the sour side, I was satisfied!The hummus tasted fairly fresh and the falafel had a little flavor kick to it. I didn't think much of itl, but something....(My stomach?) kept nagging me to go back. I caved, and this time tried the Bella Donna after reading some reviews on yelp. It was delicious to say the least. The veggie meatballs were warm and doused with cheese and hot sauce (I strongly recommend that combo!) At the bottom was some sort of rice with veggies. It was soooo good. I never have the heart to order anything else. The BD only cost $4.50, a la carte. Their menu is online, so get a good look on their other veg options.

In short, their food is awesome!
Which is the cooler truck?  Truckasaurus, or the Magic Carpet food truck?  Until the day Magic Carpet breaths fire, or Truckasaurus serves cheap, delicious, vegetarian lunches, the answer will remain cloaked in clandestine mystery.
It's the best and only vegetarian food truck I know. I like this place, but every time I go, the line just disheartens me...it's always at least 10 people deep when I swing by.

 **shrug**, oh well, I guess I'll be late to class. It's worth it. I've never successfully come here between classes and gotten to my next class on time.

The first time you go, it's a bit daunting because the menu offers so many options and the hungry masses behind you are already inching closer to you, salivating about their orders. Get the Magic Meatballs (tofu meatballs, red sauce, and cheese) and the daily specials--they're are always delicious. I can't believe this stuff is supposedly healthy.

Last note, the prices are fantastic.
This food cart is awesomeness made tangible, and what they serve is fabulousness made edible. Perhaps the people sleep inside, and I could steal the whole thing while they were sleeping and move them to New Haven?

I had a seitan based dish, and the seitan was spectacular. The whole thing was perhaps a bit healthier than I would have liked, leaving me with the desire to eat some french fries . . . but that seems more like a personal problem than a complaint about Magic Carpet.
For me, eating at MC has followed what I assume the pattern of drug addiction must be like. It took me a while to try it; when I did, it was even better than I had heard. I started off only consuming their sublime falafel pitas (with everything on it, extra hot sauce) only casually, with friends. I mean, I don't have a problem if I only eat them socially, right?

Then I started to think about that falafel more frequently, as early as 10:30am. I  got one and ate it by myself once -- but it's still a casual thing, you know? Then I went 3 times in a week, and finally, you can find me standing at the corner of 34th and Walnut, vacant of food trucks at the hour I arrive, waiting in a cold sweat for MC to arrive, my $4 in crumpled ones shivering as I hold them out expectantly. 

Note: I saw a comment in a previous review that suggests that MC is the best food truck in Philadelphia, a bold claim, to be sure. I'm generally hesitant to attempt to claim which item in an innumerable set is the best (best pizza in the city, etc.), but I must say that I agree this temerarious fellow.
Let's be honest, Magic Carpet is hands down one of the best lunch trucks in the entire city. Just a few blocks away from school and work for me, I sometimes eat here 3 or 4 times a week. Both Debbie and Dean are nice and they hook up some huge meals for little money. I usually enjoy the 'Dervish Delight' which is hummus, falafel and tabouli over salad. Try it with 'everything' which is balsamic, tahini, sesame seeds and hot sauce and I swear you won't be let down. The 'Calico Katy' which is veggie & tofu chili over salad is also a personal favorite.

They always have new specials like seitan satay and a variety of fresh baked cookies. If you live, work or go to school in UCity and haven't made it to Magic Carpet yet, you are definitely missing out.
Four years at Penn and countless trips to Magic Carpet.  I'm far from a vegetarian but the food is great.  My staple meal was the falafel pita sandwich, tahini, hot sauce, and sesame seeds.  The seitan is excellent and the meatballs are good if I remember correctly.  

It doesn't get five stars because the lettuce was not always great and the guys at 36th weren't always friendly.  34th location still gets 4 stars but it's closer to 4.5.  The prices also went up every school year.  When I started, the sandwiches were $3.25.  When I graduated they were $4.25.  

The lines are always ultra long so be prepared to sit, but it's really worth it.
Magic Carpet is one of the better lunch trucks in University City. 

The service is quick and typically friendly. The falafel is well seasoned, but beyond that nothing spectacular. The quality is something between Mama's Vegetarian and Maoz. I do like this cart more than the 34rd and Walnut location. It is cheap and filling, just what a college student needs.

I wouldn't go out of my way for their food, but it is satisfying.
This is the second location of Magic Carpet, which is also located on Spruce Street.  There are 2 main things to know:
It is all vegetarian.
If you are not addicted already, you should be.

If it's your first time and you swing by during the lunch hour, be warned that a long line will precede you.  However, do not - I repeat - do not stray to either of the carts that flank Magic Carpet.  You'll regret it.  Stand in that line and order the bella donna (tofu meatballs, cheese, red sauce, brown rice w/veg + pita $3.75).  I just finished one.

I'm not a vegetarian, and I love this stuff.  Ok, I confess - I've never actually tasted anything else on the menu.  I'm one of THOSE people.  But it's good enough to get me in line at least once a week, and that's good enough for me!
This is the best food cart on Spruce street in the UPenn area!

Okay, maybe I have not tried enough to pass this off as truth. But, it is the best I have had.

I am not a vegetarian. In fact, I love my meat and insist on it with most meals. But, on occasion, I will have a meatless meal. This was one of those occasions.

After consulting with Yelp and several friends, I decided the Magic Carpet was worth a try.

I got this dish called Dervish. It came with falafel, hummus, and tabouli, on top of salad with pita bread. It was fresh, well portioned, and very tasty. In fact, if you like these food items, this will please your senses very much.

I must say, if I were a vegetarian, I probably would be okay with eating at the Magic Carpet every day.
This is an absolutely amazing food truck. I'm not a vegetarian but I go to this places once or twice a week for lunch. The deal of Carpet Ride (Large soup with any half sandwich)is only $6. 
Magic meatball, Seitan Grinder are both good. They have daily specials, such as veggie burgers and some kind of lasagna, also good choices. 
Lastly, they have another truck at around 36 and Spruce St.
In Philly, we ate out of food trucks. Crepes, fruit, hogies, you name it, you can get it from a truck.  

Magic Carpet is the best food truck around. It's been 4 years since I moved out of Philly and I still crave Magic Carpet's veggie chili. This chili was amazing and powered me through some really long nights of.. studying!  MC is completely vegetarian and everything is delicious.  Super cheap, fast and friendly staff! 

There is another location on 34th & Walnut where all the food trucks (and engineers!) live. 

Go for my sake if you are in the area.  I miss you Magic Carpet and your delicious vegetarian food.
I used to go here every once and awhile when I worked at the bookstore.  I normally would get their vegetarian chili, which is by far my favorite chili ever.  This is where I learned to put cinnamon in chili, yup, I would've never figured that out.  I don't remember trying anything else, because I would always be in chili mood.  The lines are sometimes ridiculous, and when you are hungry and have time constraints like I was most of the time, I would opt for the fruit salad truck, which would leave that empty chili-less void in my stomach for hours later.
Loved it .. I went today after reading all the reviews on here in hopes that being as though school Is not in session there wouldn't be a long line... And there wasn't which gave me time for one of the guys to give me a recommendation.. I got the meatball pita DELISH .. Will def be back to try more
I went to school by this cart for two years, so I had lots of chances to eat here.

The main items such as the fake-meats and cheeses that go onto the pita sandwiches are delicious; however, it is usually the rest of the meal that turns me off a little. Pitiful lettuce and dry, flavorless pitas usually turn me away from their sandwiches.

The daily specials are usually soups, chilies and lasagnas. They also happen to be really delicious usually, so give them a try instead of the 'magic meatball' if it looks good to you. When I order the specials, I am rarely disappointed. 

One real benefit of Magic Carpet is that they have a very nice selection of bottled beverages. I really enjoy the Ito En teas which aren't at every food cart.

Lines can be long at lunch due to their popularity, but Magic Carpet manages it well with two service lines.
There are so many choices for food trucks in the University City area. This one always seems to have a line, so I took that as a good sign. It's also vegetarian, which is an added bonus. 

I had trouble deciding on my order since everything sounded good. I ended up deciding on the seitan sandwich ($6). A friendly, helpful guy took my order and recommended the sandwich with tahini, pepper jack, and hot sauce, which sounded like an amazing combo. In about a minute I had a hot, fresh sandwich. 

I walked for less than a minute to get to a spot to sit and eat. Flavors were good and the portion was perfectly sized to make you full and satisfied, but not stuffed. However, there were two elements of the sandwich that were disappointing: 

1.) Strangely, the peppers and onions that were mixed in with the seitan were way too salty. Sometimes there is issues with mock meat being salty. While the seitan was salty, it wasn't overly so. It was those veggies that threw it off. 

2.) There was a lot of liquid in my pita, and even though I ate my food almost immediately, it disintegrated right after it was made because all the liquid from the seitan mixture. I didn't have a fork, and it quickly became a huge mess. 

Again, the flavor was nice, so I will give it another try one day. Maybe another menu item would be better.
There is no better testament to the all out deliciousness of Magic Carpet than the variety of patrons.   

Sure, the line can be long,  but its a great time to get to know your Phellow Philadelphians.   Students and surgeons, office dwellers, Union gents in coveralls and hardhats,   young and old... we can all break (pita) bread together under the unifying green awning. 

The falafel is standard. It's crunchy, and not too oily, but I like mine with a bit more spice.   The daily specials or the "meals" (over rice and veg with a pita)  are the way to go.  I particularly enjoy the Adriani and the Bella Donna.   With extra hot sauce, please!   Snag a lavender seltzer or any number of micro-brew sodas out of the ice, grab a sunny bench on Penn's beautiful campus (I like to sit by the big Button for particularly good people watching)  and nosh your way to Nirvana. 

Maybe chat up a new Phriend.    Show the MC crowd some love and don't forget about them in the summer.  Their lines drop when students leave; so May-August is a great time to try them out.
MMMMM Magic Carpet. The line outside (both trucks) is enough to let you  know how great this place is. So many options, so many sizes, and you can either have it in a sandwich or a container with pita on the side) which is what I usually do, since a stuffed sandwich can get messy. The Belladonna is delish, as are their more Mexican-inspired dishes. Of course, I throw hot sauce on everything anyway.
The best felafels in Philadelphia. If you want better, you will have to get on an airplane to the Middle East, or a train up to New York.

The felafel balls themselves are tasty and moist, the sauce is good, and the guys in the truck are friendly. A perfect option for lunch.
I eat here a lot.  It's right behind the school of design, so I only have to walk about 10 feet (and downstairs) from the studio in order to grab a yummy meal.

Food never disappoints.  I haven't tried everything on the menu, but I've tried a lot.  Almost everything can be made vegan which is great.  Prices are reasonable too.  Below, foods I've had:

seizan (favorite) - seitan, veggies, rice, tahini, hot sauce.  Moist, yummy, filling.
falafal - I prefer it with rice and veggies.  Very crispy and good.  Comes with a wedge of lemon that really makes it special.
southwest wrap - all in all, meh, when compared to other foods
adriani (stuffed grape leaves) - love these.  Lemony and good.  Get these in a combo with another meal if you're hungry
African peanut soup - yumtown USA


Just try not to go between noon and 1, as you'll be in line for a long time.
Holy yum! 

Since my boyfriend has been a student at Penn he has been snapping pics of his vegan lunches from Magic Carpet. I typically visit late on Friday evenings so I usually miss Magic Carpet as they leave Penn's Campus in the afternoon (located by the Penn Design building). 

Based on my boyfriend's recommendation, I ordered a Dervish Delight which is a giant bowl packed with falafel, hummus and taboulli. Everything tasted so fresh and the portions were HUGE for the $8.50 price point. 

I absolutely loved my experience here, including the super friendly staff and can't wait to order from this food stall again... SO GOOD!
The Magic Carpet truck is the only lunch truck I frequent. I can guarantee that I can get a sizeable portion of food that will do my body good for about $5. All of the food is prepared by the Magic Carpet folks in their offsite, commercial kitchen so you won't be getting frozen falafel balls here. Their portions are generous enough to cover you for lunch and the afternoon munchies that hit later in the day. It's best to try and sneak in early right around Noon or you are sure to have to contend with a substantial queue. Just like Pat's or Geno's, be sure to know what you want, how you want it before it's your turn or the other hungry customers are sure to grumble as you hem and haw over El Gringo or Magic Meatballs.

Definite pros:
- no cross contamination from meats
- no msg laden crap
- folks who speak great english
- freshly prepared meals
- beverage options that aren't just huge bottles of sugar-y soda

Cons:
- the long line
- having to choose between lots of tasty options.
Dude, lunch for $3.50ish? I'm a fan. Just the right amount of wild rice and veggies. The lady always adds tahini sauce, a bit of hot sauce, and cheese if you want. I feel awfully healthy and with a few extra bucks in my pocket. Woo hoo!

I should probably try other things next time... the menu overwhelms me and I freak out when I get to the front.

Expect to wait 15 min in line.

Edit: The seizan thing is delicious. Perhaps a bit too salty but this is a vegetarian jackpot.... I'm not vegetarian but I love the diversity of options and don't miss meat!
I also crave this place now that I am gone.  They had a great seitan pepper steak salad.  Their seitan with peppers inspired me to try using seitan for a vegetarian version of cheese steak hoagies out here in California.  I'm not vegetarian, but I could have eaten at this place every day.
I rock the Magic Carpet whenever I can (i.e. when I have the money - it's $7.25 for one of the full meals).  Even if you're not a vegetarian, I guarantee that you will find something filling that you will absolutely love here.  The Smurf n' Turf always goes over well with my meat-eating friends.  Start there and then work your way down the menu.
The Magic Carpet food truck is one of the best around University City Philadelphia, if not all of Philly. They're well known and have been interviewed by several newspapers and networks, and I've had some of the best mobile vegetarian fare there in my life. 

I used to think that I could never be a vegetarian, but with Magic Carpet, it's actually possible. Their vegetarian meat dishes taste just like better-tasting versions of the original -- almost anything I've tried (perhaps with exception of the falafel, it's good but not the best), surprised me with how good it was. Their portions are well-sized for their price as well, and the service is ever-friendly.

Try the magic meatballs and the lasagna -- both fantastic -- just watch out for the line!
Being new to the Philadelphia area and UPenn, my coworkers have introduced me to the new world of food trucks on Spruce. 

We went to Magic Carpet today, braving the seemingly endless line. It wasn't until we were nearly at the front that I was told it was a vegetarian place. What?!?!?! I'm a carnivoire! I don't do vegetarian stuff!

To my surprise, it was freakin' good. I had the bella nova meal, which consisted of rice, veggies, and tofu meatballs (although ground up) topped with cheese. Holy cow...I mean, tofu.

It was the perfect size too, and for only $5.50!
This place has been a staple of my diet for the past 22 years and my only complaint is recently the portion size has gotten a bit small. I've ordered the small Bella Donna many times before and every server would fill the little cup to the brim, but the new girl doesn't. I miss the young guys who used to serve in that truck (Ryan and the newer one).

Anyway, on to the food. Many of the items are, indeed, yummy. The best bang for your buck are the regular size portions of the meals like the Bella Donna, Seizan, etc. The veggie burger on Fridays is absolutely delicious, absolutely the best veggie burger I've ever had and I'm normally a meat eater! However, if you want more of a meat experience, do try the Bella Donna meatballs. The combo meals with salad and entrée are good, but a bit pricey. However, these guys always use the freshest ingredients. I could really taste it in their rice and veggies. The burst of juice in the squash is just amazing.

I'm not a big fan of their wraps. I've tried several and I think they're a bit dry. Their specials every day (of which the veggie burger appears every Friday) are not to be missed, especially if you'd like a change from the everyday menu. The Jambalaya and Fra Diavola are not to be missed. I'm not a fan of their tofu or falafel, but I know some people really like them.
I'm not a vegetarian but I come to this food truck often for lunch. The line can sometimes be impossibly long and the trick is to come at off-peak hours. The owner is super friendly and always gives me great recommendations for what to try. The prices are also extremely reasonable (~$5)

My go-to dish is the Bella Donna (Tofu Meatballs on a bed of rice topped with cheese and sauce). I also order the seasonal menu offering when its available. They're usually delicious. My favorite one is the Peanut Sate. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone (vegetarian and non-vegetarian alike).
Ok so I shouldn't compare it to Goldie at Franklin's Table to be fare.  Because I didn't even taste the food because of the unsanitary handling of the food.  The guy serving me took money from 2 people before me, and without putting on gloves handled my pits. Full palm pressed down on it to cut it then he proceeded to stick this same hand inside of it. Disaster waiting to happen.  So I'll never go there again and if you value your health you will not go there either.
I once saw an episode of MTV Cribs where Tommy Lee bragged about having a Starbucks machine installed in his basement. Well, I wish I could have Magic Carpet set up shop outside my future office. No fuss, on-the-go, "global vegetarian" food for cheap? Yes please. I will miss being able to grab lunch here on a semi-regular basis :(

You know that one food truck line, on the corner of 34th and Walnut, that is always about twice as long as any other? It's Magic Carpet's, you can be sure of it. Don't worry though, it'll only last about five minutes, and even then it's worth it (that's what she said!). I really don't get anything here anymore other than the Bella Donna wrap, which is lunchtime comfort food at its finest - it's basically a burrito with an Italian twist, as it is a garlic herb wrap stuffed with warm, tomato-saucy rice, "magic" meatballs (supposedly tofu, but doesn't taste like tofu, or meat for that matter... but whatever it is, it's good!), and vegan cheese. Add some hot sauce to that, and you'll be in vegetarian heaven. 

Their various wraps of the day often sound tempting, but as I haven't tried one that trumps the Bella Donna, I've found that resisting ordering adventurously is well-rewarded :) The veggie chili, though, I will vouch for (especially on a cold winter day!), but I wouldn't waste a ride on the Magic Carpet by getting their sandwiches or falafel, which I find lackluster.

The cookies here are great though, if you're lucky enough to nab one before they sell out. The best flavor I've had is the banana oatmeal walnut chocolate chip, and I hear they are vegan too, which is quite frankly a miracle of nature!
This was my go-to food truck all year for lunch, while attending classes nearby. The food is fresh, interesting, and manages to provide lots of options for those following gluten-free AND vegan diets. There are always freshly baked gluten-free, vegan cookies, and the service is always really friendly. I've gotten the various salads on multiple occasions, and love topping them with stuffed grape leaves, and then various kinds of dressings and sauces. Reliably good, and you get a lot for your money, too!
Magic Carpet is a West Philadelphia institution.  The Falafel is great and the magic meatballs are a must-try even if your a meat lover.

In terms of a healthy and delicious food truck meal, look no further.

Note: the line is VERY long during most lunch times, this is merely a sign that the food is great.  The line moves pretty quickly, so don't be discouraged!  On second though, be discouraged, just means more for me!
Okay, I've been to this truck twice now, and I am not disappointed.  I will say that it's not the best mediterranean food I've ever had, but it's pretty, pretty good.  It's a sloppy mess, but a pretty good sloppy mess.  I've had the falafel and the baba ganouj sandwhiches.  They're both wonderful, and I cannot believe how great toasted sesame seeds are!!!
After getting incredible service and taking my first bite of the falafel pita, I knew I had to review. To start, this cart is so cheap. $5.50 for a falafel pita is fantastic, especially if it's delicious. And growing up outside of Dearborn, Michigan--you learn a thing or two about falafel. And the lady who made my pita was probably the nicest person in the food industry I've met in Philadelphia. The only downside was that the they included some celery with the greens in the pita, and I'm not a big fan of celery. 

The banana chocolate chip cookies were pretty great. Banana-y and nutty is a great combination.
The Magic Carpet is awesome.  It's obvious that's popular and yummy b/c they always have a long line during lunchtime.  it is completely vegetarian- stick to your bones goodness!  even though it's full of veggies- it always completely fills me up.  Their stir fry steitan, magic meatballs, bella donna on rice or pita/salad are great.  Their daily cookies (someone told me they were vegan!) are delicious.
I will wait in the rain, cold, sleet, snow, or sweltering heat to get a Falafel salad from Magic Carpet because it is that good.  Honestly, you can't go wrong with this truck so order anything, and try something new.  I highly recommend trying all the wraps they have, they are phenomenal. Also, don't forget to check out the cookie of the day, they are always funky flavors like banana and pecan or blueberry and chocolate, but they are pretty tasty.

The best part of this truck is that it is so cheap, I never spend over 9 dollars for a very satisfying meal.  Bring cash or you will have to pay a .50 surcharge for using your credit card or just buy a gift card you can use and reload your card.   

PRO TIP: Go to the truck either before 12:00pm or after 1:30pm to get the shortest lines possible.  I do this all the time and it never fails.
I remember eating their Belladonna almost every day my last year of college, so obviously it was what I compulsively ordered yesterday.  $5.50 for a meal?  Ok,  I guess, but next time I would forgo the pita and save myself 75 cents.  Hello budget!  

Belladonna:  still filling, still nommy, still makes me bloated.  But now with the added addition of rocks!  Good thing I wasn't plowing through this the way I usually do, or I may have lost a tooth!

Mostly I was just glad to have a healthy(ish) food option.  If my Philly adventures end up bringing me to Penn's campus with any kind of regularity, look for info on other foodstuffs here.  

Oh, and I went at 1:30 and had to wait about 2 minutes.  Soooo the way to go.
Magic Carpet is hands down the best, and maybe the most unique, food truck in all of Philadelphia. They serve only Vegetarian and Vegan food. I like the Seitan Salad. The prices are very reasonable. The Seitan Salad is a salad overflowing with seitan and you can have it topped with cheese if you like. All for $4.50. Can't beat that. The people who work the truck are good people.
Warning: Most times, there is a line. It's worth it, if you are able to wait. I get there usually at 11:30 and there is little or no wait. Get there at noon. Ack! Be prepared to wait.
Honestly my favorite lunch truck by far. I've been here on multiple occasions and the food is always beyond expectations, just on account of it being some of the most flavorful food I've ever tasted. In particularly, I highly recommend the Seitan Salad- it was easily one of the best things I've ever eaten in my life. On top of that, the guy that serve you are extremely friendly and fast.

The only drawbacks is that it's very busy, but that's to be expected given the quality of the food.

Tip: If you can wait, the line is usually pretty short around 3pm. Also, in general, I recommend getting the salads over the sandwiches. It's 25 cents more, but you get to take pita with you if you like and the pita is of only decent quality and I consider the experience better when I can consume the best parts separately from the okay.
I'm pretty impatient when it comes to waiting for food, so it really says something that I will wait 20 minutes (at the peak of lunch time) to order from Magic Carpet.  The food never disappoints.  I mostly hover around the Seitan grinder (like a vegetarian cheese steak in a pita), the magic meatball (tofu meatballs that are actually good!), or the hummus pita (recommended to get it with balsamic dressing and toasted sesame seeds).

I really can't get enough of this place!  I've braved the line in the dead of winter and the heat of summer.  So lucky that I work in the neighborhood.

(BTW they DO accept credit cards, but I think it's a 50 cent surcharge.)
The food at Magic Carpet is fine. The falafel is often quite dry and the hummus is quite bland. Other items, like the Bella Donna I enjoy but feel no passionate urge to write home about it.

As for that mythic line, it seems like its partly due to the incredibly slow pace with which they move that seems to generate hype. That old truism that wherever there is a line people will just randomly join it. Some people think this is part of the truck's charm. While other trucks try and serve you the food as quickly as they can, the people at Magic take their time and will engage you in conversation about their tastes in music, the weather, student life all while moving at a leisurely pace. That's not shade: If that kind of interfacing is your cup of tea, you will find this charming. To my mind, however, its no indicator of the actual quality of the food.
I'm not going to lie. Initially, I really didn't understand why people love Magic Carpet so much. The first time I had one of the meals here, the flavors seemed really strange and I thought that the whole meal was...soggy.

Thank God those feelings didn't last.

I totally get it now.

Magic Carpet is one of the best food trucks on Penn campus, and if you couldn't figure that out already from the massive line they always have, I'm telling you now. I'm by no means a vegetarian, but I am completely willing to eat a meal devoid of meat if it comes from Magic Carpet.

Come lunchtime everyday, my stomach immediately begins to crave the moist, gooey, savory, and spicy flavors of the Seizan meal. There's just something about starchy vegetable rice topped with juicy, moist peppersteak, gooey, melted cheese, and hot sauce that really makes my stomach happy. 

Clearly, my recommendation for people here is the Seizan meal. However, all of their dishes are quite good, and if you're not a fan of seitan peppersteak, give the Bedouin meal or Geisha meal a try. The falafel is fantastic here, and the tempeh salad has a nice acidity to it that complements the rice.

Magic Carpet also has a great selection of unique sodas and drinks, and it's also one of the only food trucks on campus that accepts credit card.

Do yourself a huge favor and go to Magic Carpet.

If you don't like it at first, give it some time and then try it again. You'll fall in love, I promise.

P.S. This location is incredibly convenient for Penn engineering students, but I've noticed that they give out slightly less food than the cart on 36th.
I completely agree with everything everyone says about Magic Carpet.
It is the best lunch truck option on campus, hands down. 
I'm particularly fond of the Foo Chow with everything on it. 
I have never had even the smallest issue or complaint with the dudes running the show, the food, etc.  If the worst thing you can say about a place is that the wait is long, then I'd say you've found a winner.
Magic Carpet is hands down the best food truck on Penn campus. It's no wonder that this truck always has the longest line - if you arrive around noon, be prepared to wait up to about 10 min until your turn to order. I love my meat, but Magic Carpet does wonders with its veggies and gives you a delicious satisfying lunch for $4-6. I am a big big fan of the magic meatball pita sandwich, but I've recently converted over to the meal deal version of this sandwich, called the Bella Donna. It's pretty much the same, but I like that the meal deal has veggies and rice with the meatball, sauce and cheese which makes it a little less messy to eat. Plus there's a pita with that too if you can't live without the pita. 

I've also tried the seitan peppersteak... which I can't say I'm the hugest fan of. I'll just stick to the meatball and falafels for now. I don't know... it just doesn't live up to what it could be I guess. If you are a fellow meat eater, I'd probably stick to the other options on the menu... and there are many!
I dont know if it is me, but literally almost everything here is salty. The hummus, babaganoush, seiten, the dressings, and the soup have been consistently salty. As a vegan, I really wanted to love this place but I could not.

All the special wraps are so mushy. There is no texture and I felt like I was eating overpriced baby food. Everything just blended together and there was really no flavor. I have gone here so many times to try different things, but the ones I've tastes all had mushy textures. If it tasted delicious and had a mushy texture it would have been forgivable but it tatses and felt like mush with hints of tomato or mushroom or whatever the main ingredient was.

The hummus is very salty and over priced. I would rather go to center city and buy hummus from trader joes than to eat the salty hummus here. Even the dining halls have better hummus. Do not get the hummus and babaganoush here. They are a waste of money.

The sieten is also very salty. Although it has nice texture, it was not very flavorful and on the saltier side. 

The tempeh was actually ok here. It was not very memorable but at least it did not make a negative impression on me like the ones mentioned above.

The cookies also are a disappointment. the cookies without chocolate are Vegan. However, they are so crumbly and do not taste like cookies at all. They taste like mushy yet dry oatmeal with hints of spices.
Excellent, tasty vegetarian selection.  Bella Donna is a favorite!  There is always a line at this truck--- an at it's sister @ 36th and Spruce.  It is a must-try, but try an hit it before noon or after 1:15 to avoid the wait.  Only complaint is the food always gives me gas... But it's still worth it! 

Tofu meatballs taste almost like real meatballs.  Hot sauce goes well on practically everything they have.  Fresh pita to go along and a selection of interesting ginger beers an sodas off the beaten path.  Great place for lunch if you can get it fast.  I'd have given five stars, but based on the fact that I often feel overfull/bloated/run-down after eating it, I can't go as often as I'd like.
OK. I joined Yelp just to write a review for this truck. That's pretty serious. Now, I'm not a hater by any means, but I was so disappointed by the food at this truck that I thought I should warn others. Let me start by saying that the people who run the truck are very friendly. Also, the food is affordable. Those are the positives. I gave the truck two stars instead of one, because I can only comment on the two things I got there.

Also, I will divulge that I am 50% Syrian and I went to lunch here with my 100% Lebanese co-worker. We've been eating Arabic food our entire lives: both homemade and in restaurants.

1. Falafel Sandwich - The best part of this was everything BUT the falafel. The taste of the falafel itself actually almost made me gag. Everything else in the sandwich was excellent - fresh vegetables, etc. But you can't mess up the flavor of the falafel. I recommend Amsterdam Falafel in Washington, DC, if you are ever down that way, for a model of what falafel should taste like.

2. Tabouleh - Worse than the falafel. First off, almost entirely wheat/barley, with only hints of parsley flecks scattered throughout. It's supposed to be the OTHER way around - primarily parsley. So much so that when you go to restaurants catering to a broad audience, it's called "Parsley Salad"!!! It was also entirely too dry. Good thing they included a lemon with it to help it out a little. Still couldn't salvage it.

Those are the only two items I tried; I'm sure there are other items that are absolutely delicious. But I won't be going back to risk it after my experience. My co-worker and I promptly walked to McDonald's and got some food to make up for all that we threw away from this lunch truck.
Was a big fan of Magic Carpet until today when I found a roasted bug in Bedouin meal. You don't want to be in line waiting for 20 minutes and served an insect in your vegetarian meal. The quality has definitely deteriorated over the years and with new staffs at service you don't get a full box of food which was a common practice by the lady who you don't see more often these days.
Magic Carpet is one of my favorite places to get lunch.  The food is delicious, healthy, freshly made, and customizable.  Plus the owners give great tips on how to order.  They suggested combining the tahini and balsamic dressings on the baked tofu (both sandwich and salad), and it really is the best!

I've had the Bella Donna (tofu meatballs in red sauce over rice and veggies), the Magic Meatballs (same thing minus the rice in a pita), the baked tofu salad and sandwich, the falafel, the excellent vegan baked goods, a few of the wraps, and everything has been tasty and filling.  Most items are under $7.  Can't beat that!

I would recommend Magic Carpet to vegetarians, vegans, and carnivores alike!  Get there around 11:45 to skip the line, although the line moves fast and it's definitely worth the wait!
Excellent quality! Always friendly service, good prices. Definitely my favorite food truck!! Highly recommend the Foo Chow (baked tofu over rice). Also, cookies are really great. Generally they always have some sort of chocolate in them (personally not a chocolate fan), but the ones I have had are always yummy.
Food (9.0/10) = Ordered the Bella Donna (yes to cheese and hot sauce) since it was the most mentioned dish on Yelp.  This dish was delicious and the tofu meatballs were amazing.  The rice underneath the meatballs and cheese was nicely done.  Will ask for extra hot sauce next time.  

Ambiance (??/10) = Magic Carpet is a food truck...

Service (10/10) = The people here are really friendly.  Since this was my first time here, they gave me some recommendations for my next visit.  Will definitely try them the next time I stop by the Magic Carpet.

Overall Opinion = Probably the best food truck I've visited that's around the Penn campus.  Only giving this 4 yelp stars since I've only tried one item from this place.  If I could say the Bella Donna was one of the best things I've eaten in my life, then this place would get the 5th yelp star.
Yumm-o.  This is as good as a lunch cart gets.  And pretty darn cheap too.  I'm far from a vegetarian, but I went one day with a co-worker on a whim and was so happy that I did.  The food tastes so mealy that you don't miss the meat.

I loved their chili and the ranchero wrap.  I have the best of luck with the specials hanging on their window instead of their regular menu.  Not that their regular menu is bad, but the daily specials are extra yummy.  I'm also indecisive so having it narrowed down to the three or so specials is much easier than a big list.  The hot sauce on the side is a nice touch, and they sell a variety of all natural drinks.

Only downside is that their line is the longest in the land.  I feel awfully sorry for the fruit truck sitting next to them.  I wonder if they have line envy or benefit from the overflow.
This is my "go-to" veggie spot, while I'm at work. This is def one of my favorite food trucks. There are tons of other food spots around, but Magic Carpet has the yummiest vegetarian options.  From soups in the winter to tasty salads and wraps in the summer, they cant be beat. I've threatened to kidnap the owner, since no one else seems to get it right, when it comes to vegetarian food. 

Just have time to wait in line. There is always a line, I promise. But, good things come to those that wait.
this truck used to be my (almost) everyday lunch stop when my diet was strictly vegetarian. the owner is very friendly and he'd like to encourage customers to try out new things and recommend dressings/sauce. 

interesting enough, if you choose cheese and hot sauce, all the items under daily meal or whatever that's the second group on the menu, come out the same flavor. 

they don't serve soup in late spring or during summer. which makes perfect sense.  

only thing they serve turns me off: spinach pie. I feel trader joe's has better spinach pies :/
When I was in grad school, I must have had 3 to 4 meals a week at Magic Carpet.  Everything they make is so darn yummeh... the magic meatballs, the rice with veggies, the hot sauce, the chili, the "special of the day" curries you can catch on a lucky day, even those egg-free vegan cookies.  Holy crap, the cookies!  Definitely an under-appreciated feature of the Magic Carpet menu.  I wish they'd start up a second truck downtown... I think there's a space free right outside my house.
1. Popular
2. Efficient
3. Vegetarian

Consumed: 
Bella Donna

Magic Carpet is probably ranked in the top 3 for best food trucks around Penn campus. However, my first time was disappointing. The Bella Donna I ordered was wayyyy too salty, but my friend apologized on behalf of the cart and claimed that it usually taste better. Maybe it deserves a second chance--grace to a food truck.
Magic Carpet is one of the best food trucks I've ever tried! Fantastic food, always fresh and tasty. My favorite is the grape leaf wrap, which is not what they are famous for, but what can I say, I love dolmas.  The only con is that they love to put celery in their salads, and I despise celery...But the food is so incredible, I do not mind picking out the celery bits out of my wrap, just to enjoy the fantastic melt of flavors that do not leave you feeling greasy or heavy.
Ate this all the time when I was vegan.

It's good, though not as awesome as the vegans say (or as I used to think when I was a crunchier man.)  I'll still eat there, but it's not my favorite food truck anymore. Not by a fair sight.

There are two - one on the 34th/Walnut corner and one at 36th/Spruce. Why two just steps away from one another? I have no idea. They're exactly the same.
I do enjoy the food here.  I would skip the salad and the pita, and just order a side dish, a soup, or a meal.  Good flavors, feels healthy, and even though the lines can get long at lunch, they move fairly quickly.
So so so so good.  I had high expectations after a friend recommended Magic Carpet, but the Bella Donna was even better than I imagined it would be.  I had lunch here three days ago and I'm still thinking about it now.
So good! I still don't understand how they can fit so much food in such a tiny cart... their menu is huge!

I had the McManchu combo platter (basically a seitan cheesesteak over rice), which was a great choice. Salad was big and fresh, rice was stuffed with awesome veggies (kale, zuchinni, etc.), and the seitan was as juicy as fake meat can be. My girlfriend had the Bedouin meal deal, which featured the same delicious rice and a handful of crispy, flavorful falafel balls. Again, huge portion for a paltry price.

Will definitely be back (probably more than I should, too).
This is the best vending food cart that I have ever eaten from. Let me preface this by saying that I am neither vegetarian nor vegan. The healthy food options here are superb! The style of food is more Middle Eastern and Mediterranean. 

Everything that I ordered from this food truck has been delicious. The line near UPenn's campus can get fairly long during the lunch hour. 

Here is what I tried so far:
Spinach Pie
Falafel
Taboulli salad
Greek Salad
Pita Sandwich on whole wheat pita with baba ganouj, w/ salad

They have two carts 11am-3pm Monday-Fri:
courtyard at 34th and Walnut streets
Spruce St. between 35th and 36th
Always a good option when I'm studying in the library at Penn and I don't have time to go somewhere too far for a meal. I've tried a few things, but I've found that my favorite is the falafel sandwich - the meals that come with rice tend to be a little to heavy for me and lead to a food coma instead of productivity, which is terrible for long sessions in the library. I'll note here that I like spicy food (like really like it) and I'm not a fan of the hot sauce that they use here. It's more heat than flavor and to me, it's like what's the point. SO you might want to take it light on the spicy sauce.

I would say overall that the food cart is 4.5 stars because it's one of the few in the area that take credit card (mastercard and visa) and cash; however, their prices are steeper than surrounding trucks and the quantity/value doesn't match for some choices on the menu so I am rounding down to 4 stars total. The line is usually really long around lunch time and they leave around 3pm during the week so make sure to plan your trip accordingly (ie make sure you have enough time to wait in line if you're going around 12 and don't wait too long).
My favorite food truck in Philadelphia.  All of the options are vegetarian friendly and can be made vegan friendly too.  I've eaten a number of dishes here with the peppered seitan.  All were delicious! The truck is pretty popular, so be prepared to wait in line for a bit.
After hearing about how amazing Magic Carpet was and seeing how long the lines were every day for the 4 years I've been at Penn, I finally decided to get the highly-recommended magic meatballs pita sandwich yesterday and was actually.. kinda disappointed. I can eat vegetarian food just fine, but I don't like it when they try to imitate meats I guess. Just give me vegetables or tofu as it is please. I might try the falafel or something else before giving up on Magic Carpet but considering this experience and the long lines.. doubtful.
I was so psyched about the extensive vegetarian menu, but I was not thrilled with my lunch. My magic meatball pita sandwich was a soggy mess and falling apart when I tried to eat it. Luckily I had a fork, but the wet pita was a no-go so I ate the insides only, which tasted more like salt than anything else. I'll try this place again but will definitely order something different.
I came here for lunch 3 days in a row for a week. I'm not a vegetarian but after hearing about how great this place is I really wanted to try it out. The first time I came I was so overwhelmed by the menu and I wasn't sure what to order. The guy working gave me a suggestion of mixing the seizan and bedouin for a meal so I had that. Although I wasn't blown away the food was still really delicious and great for the price!

I always get the meal deals and it comes with pita. I've had the foo chow, the seizan, the bedouin and the bella donna so far. The foo chow was very average and I would not recommend it. I really like the bella donna and I've gotten it so many times. It's definitely my go to. They also have daily desserts and I am always so tempted to get them and I have caved a few times. The cookies are so soft and chewy! I have heard great things about their pasta specials as well. 

Try to come here during off peak hours, the lines can get crazy long. Before noon and after 1 40 seems to be better on most days.
Dishes here are really hit or miss for me. Even though I am primarily a vegetarian eater, this place just doesn't have the same appeal for me as it apparently does for others (the line gets extremely long during peak lunch hours!)

I've tried; baked tofu with a salad, Bella Donna, and Seizan. The Bella Donna was probably my favorite and would be the dish I'd order again. The baked tofu had a weird rubber-like texture with little to no seasoning/flavor, and the Seizan meal just tasted slimy and weird with a whiteish cream-like sauce. Weird. The faux meat was floppy and had a weird aftertaste as well.

I'd love to try the baked goods as well as the veggie buger. I've tried a bite of some of the burrito/wraps and those are good.

Overall; there are some hits and some misses on the menu. You'll have to be patient to find the ones that take you to a whole new world!
Decent vegetarian truck that serves cellulose-tastic hippie chow for about four to five bucks a pop. The highlight of their menu is their tofu meatball dish, the Bella Donna, which was quite good but somewhat bland (lacks the delicious taste of animal suffering, says the carnivore in me). Their Samosa wrap is actually very good as well, when you can get it fresh (or at all, as they seem to serve it only sporadically), otherwise like their other wraps it tends to be a homogenous mish-mash of potato sludge with optional carrot and pea chunks. Don't bother with their falafel; I hear Casablanca has better, and Rami's definitely does it better.
This offers cheap, fast (once you get to the front of the line) vegetarian options if you're at Penn.  While it's not as good as some of the Middle Eastern trucks on my campus, it's decent and a good for a quick lunch when you need something that you can eat while walking.  If you're into seitan, they have it here, along with the requisite falafel.
Amidst a crowded, high-quality food truck scene in University City, Magic Carpet emerges as one of my favorites. Excellent vegetarian fare and great cultural food options make this a go-to for lunch. The long line says it all about the popularity of this spot.

I particularly enjoy the daily specials, especially the Bella Donna wrap. It's convenient to eat and absolutely delicious. Only caveat: make sure to get there before noon if you want to snag a daily special! 

The only item I don't order is the Foo Chow. But you can't go wrong with any other dish!
I'm so glad they are back at 34th and Walnut location. The "Magic meatball pita" was fantastic and just as I remembered. The owners said they are accepting orders online and also doing some local delivery around the Penn campus.  Great to have one of the Penn food staples back in business! Yummy
