Main Street Pho is phonomenal ;) Seriously, the food is fantastic. Two out of the three times that I dined at Main Street Pho, I ordered the brisket Pho. I couldn't be more pleased with how the dish came out. I ordered it with vegetable broth and rice noodles, and every thing was extremely flavorful.  I honestly wish that I could give this restaurant a 10 star rating! Not only is the food on point, the staff is incredible. They really go above and beyond. I had the same waitress twice, and she remembered that I liked the tea from the last time, so before I left the restaurant, she gave me the tea in a to-go cup (This is the only place where I actually enjoy drinking tea). The staff seem to really enjoy what they do, and they make the dining experience so much fun! I will definitely be going back for a fourth and fifth time.
As a vegetarian, I thought this place would be a good option. Since then menu states clearly that it has vegetarian broth I thought I was safe!  Unfortunately, this place has officially scared me away

The service here was really great and polite. I ordered the fried vegetable dumplings (I wanted steamed but that wasn't an option) vegetarian pho special. 

The dumplings came out at the same time as out pho (our companions appetizer came out way ahead of their pho). They fried dumplings were gross, fried so that the dumplings were crumbly not crispy. 

The pho tasty great and I like all the toppings they give you. My problem is that when the bill came out showed vegetable pho special sub beef broth. I NEVER asked for beef broth and as a vegetarian for the past ten years I was really upset. I tipped my 20% and left. Even if I said something to them it would be too late.

So to all the vegetarians and vegans out there, be warned! I would not trust this place and would not recommend it to anyone.

EDIT: I updated the review to give them one star back since they refunded my meal. I do appreciate that. I still would be wary coming here.
Finally a Vietnamese restaurant in Manayunk! Came for the grand opening and the service is fast and the food is on-point. Delicious steak and flavorful brisket pho - the broth is good and ingredients are fresh. My girlfriend (who is Vietnamese :) ordered the pork chop vermicelli - and we both felt that was flavored well! She did note that fish sauce was watered down compared to what is traditionally served. We also got bubble tea - which she really enjoyed , and the Vietnamese coffee, which I felt lacked some sweetness but was overall good. Will definitely be back here again ! We also really enjoyed the shrimp summer rolls.
On a cold Fall night, F and I were looking for something to warm and fill our bellies...Main Street Pho to the rescue.
When we walked in many tables were taken for so late in the evening, a good sign.
Our servers were very sweet and helpful. F and I both ordered Pho, but two different ones. Both were delicious.
As we enjoyed our meal and the night got later, the crowd thinned until we were the only couple. But, we never felt rushed or uncomfortable. In fact, the opposite. We were able to chat with the lovely servers which made the evening even more enjoyable.
We will be back when we are in town.
The best pho on Main Street! I know what you are thinking, it is the only pho on Main Street. Still, I've had a lot of pho in my life and it is very good here, even if just a bit smaller than average.

Starting with the atmosphere, they seriously cleaned this place up. While it is a bit cozy, all signs that it used to be a quick cheesesteak place are long gone. I'm not sure if they take reservations, but if they do I recommend one as it seemed to fill up quick on both of my visits.

Food quality is great. You can pick your protein in a variety of their offerings which is cool. The shrimp summer rolls were tasty and had plenty of shrimp. The beef pho had everything I was looking for and a good mix of flavors. I spiced it up a bit, but feel free to dig in as is.

Service is still coming along. I don't think they expected to be so busy so quick. I'm sure they will work out those minor details and I look forward to watching them grow!
I love a good pho and I'm always in search of the sublime. 

On a recent trip to Philly, my long-time-since-6th-grade BFF informed me that our old favorite Pho Hoa spot in South Phila had closed. She'd seen reviews for this spot in Manayunk. My grandmother was a 'Yunker so I always feel at home in that part of the PHL. Let's go! 

My usual order of summer rolls & Pho Tai. Pretty damn good. The waitress was soft spoken when repeating our order, but everything came out as expected. The broth was great and a healthy portion of meat. 

If you're in love with the pho, you won't be disappointed for this part of town.
This place is dope. I recommend it. I try to go at least once a week. It's close to my building so it just works for me perfectly. 

Main Street is already a cool place to do just about anything. Eat and chill. Eat and turn up. Drinks. Shopping. Cafes to read books and have conversations. Places to just run and ride bikes and walk dogs. So, this place being added (its new) is a plus. 

Super chill vibes and a dope atmosphere. Soon as I walked in, I was quickly greeted with a genuine friendly approach by the owner. He's a cool guy. You can sit anywhere you like. I'm going through the venue, and one of my favorite ways to begin building relationship at restaurants is asking them to make suggestions and then picking what they suggest. So, that's what I did and he offered something that's not even on the menu. (Just ask for this special with the grilled chicken on the side of some pho - you won't regret it.)

I also ran into a friend from Instagram. Funny, but just added another cool element. 

The prices are amazing. You'll get great food on a budget. The staff is friendly. The place is nice and small. I always go alone and it's perfect. But I've seen people with friends and it works too. 

Check it out.
Amazing!  The tofu and veggie pho are great!  The texture of the tofu and the seasoning of the broth are perfect.  They have a big bottle of hoisin sauce on each table to drizzle over your pho for extra salty sweet flavor.
If you love tofu make sure you try the fried tofu app. It is well worth it with a delicious peanut sauce.  
I can't wait to go back and try their other delicious vegan non-pho dishes.
Delivery pho- It's do it yourself delivery pho with their delicious broth and fresh veggies and beef if you like. Pho always hits the spot,  especially when you're under the weather. Their dumplings are also delicious.
Good but just shy of really  good. Went for lunch yesterday. Shared a fried tofu app. It was good but not served with a sauce . If they topped it with a few crushed peanuts and cilantro. A nice sauce on the side it would have been wow. It wasn't. Spring rolls were very good hot and fresh. Again I had to ask for a sauce. Shared a chicken fried rice  and a Salt and Pepper Chicken. To their credit. The chicken isn't on the menu but the chef made it for me. ( they have salt and pepper shrimp on the menu.) Both were good. But fairly expensive. The restaurant is small but cute. It's clean. They were doing a strong take out business. The server was very good but was doing everything herself. Wait tables, cashier, pack Togo, fill sauce containers. She had her hands. full. I forgot my phone in the car so no pictures. I would definitely go back. Lots of good smells and attractive food. Pho looked great.
Really enjoyed this food! We got the vegetable dumplings as our starter. The dumplings were very crispy and yummy. I got the chicken dumpling pho which was also extremely delicious and served with egg noodles. You can get rice noodles instead if you'd like. The service was great and our waitress checked in on us many times. 

COVID- there is outdoor seating and they provide hand sanitizer at your table! They do not have a contactless menu though.
I came in hoping for the best since this place is run by actual Vietnamese people.

Off to a bad start already ordered with only a table of two in the restaurant (who had finished eating and was just waiting for their Thai Tea). My friend and I were talking when almost 10min later they finally put our order into the system. If you take that long to put in orders when it is slow I wonder how it is when it's slammed. They all stand by the register talking not paying attention to you. Serve is just not there. 

To start we got fried chicken dumplings. Mostly filler, not much chicken. It's okay. Nothing I would write home about or crave to order again. The grilled chicken vermicelli is bland. The chicken has almost no flavor. As a whole the flavor was meh, not even average. Your better of at Cafe Saigon in Northeast Philly. My friend kept adding Hoisin sauce to his bowl because it lacked so much flavor. 

I got the Main Street Pho Special. Highly disappointed. The broth was definitely not the pho broth you are expecting. If you want authentic broth you need to go to Pho 75 (Northeast Philly) or Pho Ha (South Philly). You can tell they didn't spend time making their broth and took shortcuts. Meats were the same. Actually I feel like their beef balls are straight out of the package bought at an Asian supermarket. And not enough meat in a $10 bowl. I never add Hoisin sauce to my pho, but this time I did to get some more flavor in my food.

My friend and I usually walk our full on just eating our entrees at other Viet places. We walked out not even feeling half way fully here. If you are looking for more authentic Vietnamese food. This is not the place to go. If you're looking for very white, Americanized Vietnamese food convenient to you, this is your place. 

For me I wouldn't go back. I give this place 1.5 Stars. And they will probably read this and know exactly who I am.
So I'm Vietnamese and not gonna lie, but this was a strange pho. It's not bad and it's a little too sweet, but it's definitely an outlying strain from the usual flavor. I got the classic beef but I definitely wouldn't call this Vietnamese pho. Maybe Vietnamese fusion.

Got it to-go and it's a bit pricey for what you get. A few bits of beef and a small portion of sprouts. I was telling my co-workers that their to-go containers were interesting cuz in California, we get to-go bowls. Not this weird styrofoam container and weird long container.
My favorite pho joint outside of philly. 

I usually swing in for some take out. I've ordered the Brisket Pho, Beef Noodle Stew w/ Egg Noodle, Rice dish w/ bbq pork, and the beef wrapped in grape leaves. Most of these were great. 

For the beef noodle soup, the egg noodle is a pass, get it with pho noodle. They provide a generous serving of beef chunks that are super tender and delicious. The pho is great with a good tasting broth. Noodles are good. Brisket is so so. Beef w/ grape leaves are chewy and delicious. Rice w/ bbq pork is good too, but go for the pho.
Food is okay. 

I walked in and thought the place had a good vibe, and it was packed! I saw and heard viet people in the back so thought this place should be alright and was thrown off by a menu that didn't have any viet on it (I'm viet and know my dishes better in viet compared to English) 

My gf and I started off with spring rolls and egg rolls. The rolls were decent, good if you've never had viet food. The peanut sauce (given with the spring rolls) was watery and had no flavor to it - it'd probably taste better with some fish sauce instead. The sweet chili sauce (given with the egg rolls) was really good, I overheard that one of the servers makes it herself. 

We both had the beef pho special and it was decent even though the broth tasted more like chicken than beef. I enjoyed it but there are places in Chinatown and south philly that's better. There wasn't too much meat (enough I guess) but there was a good amount of noodles though which I appreciated. 

Overall, not bad but definitely not the place to go if you want authentic viet food. The only thing about this place that irked me is when a Viet gentlemen presented my bowl, he said "pho" in the most American accent possible. I know it's being nit-picky but the least they could do is respect our culture and pronounce it properly.
A Vietnamese BYOB with vegetarian options?! HALLELUJAH!! This place is exactly what Manayunk needs! The space is small but cozy and totally worth the wait for a table during busy hours! The food comes out quick, hot, and fresh! The pho broth is delicious! I see myself dining in or taking out on the regular :)
Not sure if the people giving this place 4 or 5 star reviews, have ever had Pho, but it was quite awful. The service was lovely, but the food was subpar. The Pho was bland and reminiscent of Oodles & Noodles. The pork dumplings were flavorless and fried too hard.  The crispy spring roll platter was the best thing we had, and it was mediocre at best. The coffee was awful and served in a glass half full. The menu needs to be revamped- wasted money.
Grilled chicken  pho. That's literally all I have to say. They have been pretty consistent over the last year I have tried them. The broth is flavorful. The chicken is delicious grilled.  I get extra hoisin and siracha for the kick but if you don't like spice then you really don't need it.It's perfectly good all on it's on. 

They also have some decent fried wings. I tend to get the salt and pepper seasoning. Even when I asked for more, it wasn't enough but you the flavor on the chicken is already good and the breading is light. 

My go to pho spot.
Ordered take out from here.  Got the spring roll sampler, curry chicken and Main Street platter.  Very skeptical of ordering soup from take out so even though Pho is there specialty opted for other menu items.  Spring rolls were okay.  Curry was slightly different than Indian/Thai flavor kind of more of a generic McCormick seasoning flavor.  The Main Street Platter was a little lack luster in regards to flavor as the vermicelli only came with a side of rice wine vinegar.  The shrimp, chicken and thinly sliced beef on the Main Street platter was great though.
I'm Viet and from California so my standards for Viet food are high, so I am going to be naturally biased.  I was excited to see that Main St Pho is owned by vietnamese but thoroughly disappointed in the authenticity, quality and quantity of their food.  I understand that they have to cater to the population here who probably don't know what they're eating, but at least fully deliver on the dishes that are served. Spring rolls lack the pork, peanut sauce lacks the hoisin sauce, chicken was dry, portions are small for the price, fish sauce was diluted beyond recognition.  Either way, I recommend this place merely for the convenience.   Service was attentive as well.
The bf and I are kicking ourselves for waiting so long to try this place out!! We were both so excited that it opened but we waited for a cold rainy Sunday to come here.

We were greeted and seated immediately. There are only 10 tables or so but they move fast and even if they were full I don't think we'd have waited long. 

We ordered steamed dumplings to share, spicy lemongrass chicken and a pork pho special. The food literally came out in 5min it was incredibly fast. Our waitress was spot on by telling me the lemongrass dish has a nice mild kick! 

The pho was flavorful and large and they had sauces at the table to add to it. All portions were more than generous and we took some of each entree home. 

Overall the meal was delicious and very affordable for the amount and quality of food! We left full and happy and the service was friendly throughout. We will be back often and are so happy to add this to our list of "go-to's"
This review is only for the Vietnamese iced coffee! It's amazing for all the real coffee lovers. It came sweetened with milk(I usually don't sweeten mine) but it tasted so good! I just had them add a little extra coffee and it was perfect! I hate waiting until they open at 11 to get it though!!
First we get ramen on Main Street, and now pho?  As a fiend for noodle soups of all kinds, I was very excited to try this place out!

The interior is very nice - a definite upgrade from the Tony Luke's that occupied this spot previously.  I love the cafe feel that starts with their cute sign hanging outside of the store.

As far as food, we tried:
Beef Pho: Pretty good. Since I am used to ordering Pho Tai, I was thrown off for a second by the waitress's follow-up questions on what type of broth and noodles I would like, since you can completely customize your bowl.  I went with beef broth, rice noodles, and raw beef eye round.  It's nice that they allow you to mix and match your broth, noodles and protein!  Everything was tasty and I happily polished off my portion.  My personal preference is for a punchier beef broth but this one was still good, plus you can always amp up the flavor with the sauces at your table.

Mixed Green Salad: Good overall.  We added shrimp which were excellent.  They had great flavor, were perfectly cooked, and had a nice caramelized exterior.  If any dishes have the option to add shrimp, I definitely recommend it!  The salad itself was very fresh and crunchy, however it mostly tasted like plain lettuce to me.  The menu says this dish is supposed to include a "special dressing," but I'm pretty sure the kitchen just forgot this as there was no dressing to be found.  I only saw this note about dressing while looking back at pictures of the menu, so I'll know for next time in case it's forgotten again.

The service was a bit slow on our visit but also pleasant, so I can forgive some long waits since I'm sure they are still ironing out some kinks as a new restaurant.  I'm glad to have Main Street Pho in the neighborhood and will definitely be back!
My Dad loves Pho so while he was visiting from Iowa we had lunch. I had pork dumpling and my Dad had the beef pho and it was fantastic! Although, they didn't have chicken wings, which I obviously didn't need anyway, the food and service was great. I will be a repeat customer!
Taste is average. Food is expensive for the portion and quality. $15 for dishes that typically cost $11-$12 elsewhere. Service is super slow; multiple times takeout orders are not prepared until you walk in to pickup. Even when called in, after waiting 30-40 mins as told, still have to wait additional 20 mins even when there is no customer eating inside. One time is forgivable but terrible when repeating itself. They clearly dont respect people's time.
Been here eat in and eat out; both superb!  Prices are very reasonable and BYOB sweetens things a bit.  The ambience for eat in could be improved by the quality of the food is top notch!
Our favorite local pho spot, although the broth can be really inconsistent. Sometimes it's amazing and other times it feels like it's missing something, which is a shame because when they're on point it really is delicious. Either way we'll keep supporting them cuz the world needs Pho!
Not great.  Got two pho extra protein delivered with a summer roll sampler. 60$ with tip.  Maybe 4-5 oz. of beef total, 3/4 cup of broth with half the beef floating in it so it was tough af.  No lime, bean sprouts were slimy af - disgusting/inedible, broth flavor ok although pretty cloudy.  Like 5 leaves of Thai basil.  Summer rolls were all lettuce.  Ehhh, I'll stick to South Philly joints.  2.5 stars.
This place is consistently great. I love the shrimp pho. My husband likes the other dishes but I'm obsessed with the shrimp pho. It's
Always hot, packaged well and delicious.
My boyfriend and I have been here a few times. The service is always so friendly & so fast. We really appreciate how nice everyone we've interacted with is. The raw beef eye round pho is just so good. I was worried to order anything that says "raw" but just look at the picture if you haven't had it before. Their shrimp spring rolls we've gotten every time, and they keep getting better. The owner said the steamed chicken dumplings are the best, we tried them and he was right! We are so happy to have a great Pho spot in Manayunk!
We were exploring this area and after climbing up and down some Manayunk hills we needed a quick bite, I yelped some spots and decided to drive to this spot. 
Cute spot with a few tables outside, my SO asked for a outdoor seating and we were lucky enough to be seated almost immediately. 
I couldn't decide between the shaken beef and the spicy lemongrass chicken, the owner/server advised that the lemongrass chick was more popular, and my SO got the grilled chicken banh mi with mango bubble tea. 
Although my order came out a good 5-7 minutes before my SOs banh mi, the portion was large enough for both of us to share. 
Definitely a good spot to get a few bites.
We chose to order take out Pho for our NYE dinner this year and were generally pleased with everything. Unfortunately I feel like we've had some absolutely exceptional Pho and Ramen around the city so although this place was definitely good it wasn't amazing but a great stand in for the area if we don't feel like going all the way downtown.  I got the vegetable Pho and my husband got the beef brisket special.  I have to say that mixing in the sides adds a lot to the soup and helpful to manage your spice level so that's a must do.
I've been here a couple times and never actually left a review. Which surprised me as I try to leave good reviews (too often restaurants are brought down because most reviews come from dissatisfied customers)

I've had a variety from their menu, both pho as well as their apps and entrees, and all have tasted delicious. It's affordable and the wait staff is awesome as well. Place is small, but they turn tables quickly, so the wait is rarely long. 

Absolute gem of a place, you should definitely check it out.
I was looking for a pho place in Manayunk and this place came right up. It's pretty new so I hadn't hear too much about it from anyone. It has a welcoming storefront and charming dining area. I got the pho special, without the beef balls (yuck). Instead I substituted those with some bok choy. It came out piping hot within a few minutes, and had the customary additions of basil, bean sprouts, jalapeño, and lime. As far as pho goes, it tastes pretty identical to many other ones I've had, which isn't a bad thing by any means. Just prevents the 5-star rating. Will definitely go back here in the colder months- it hits the spot on a frigid winter day.
Small restaurant with quick and friendly service. We stopped in during the lunch rush and there was very little wait for our food and though almost all the tables were full the service was very attentive. 

We ordered the Spring Rolls and the Beef Pho Special. The Spring Rolls were average at best, but I was impressed with the Pho. Maybe not as good as what I used to get while I was living in San Francisco but it was definitely close. Come in hungry because portions are huge. Prices are super cheap. We had all this for under $25!

Everyone here was so kind and even the owner came around to see how we liked our meals. He explained that they had just opened and they were still tweaking the recipes so I expect the place to get even better as they work out the small kinks. I will definitely be back.
I would probably give this place 4 stars if the service was better. I think I had bad luck with my waitress. This place closes oddly early for Main Street and she tried not to seat us way before the oddly early closing time. The manager told her to seat us. She then wanted to take our order before even bringing us water. Anyway, she sucked. The whole time she sucked. When she wasn't being a terrible server she was being a loud over-sharer and I could hear her from the kitchen. At least they were making her scrub dishes. OMG why won't she shut up?  She just ruined my dining experience. Ultimately, I'd recommend trying the food because it's good. Just hope your service is better than mine.
As I was visiting family in Philadelphia, I was craving some Pho. I looked this place up on Google and so far it was really good. They're new to the strip of eateries and prices are not bad either!! They do have a last seating at 8:30pm which is reasonable and they offer take outs. They have BOBA here as well. The chef personally came out and delivered all of our food to us. He's is a very nice and kind gentleman and my family had nothing but good things to say about this place. It is a small place so I'm sure it can get crowded in here during lunch and dinner peak hours. We experienced all great things here so whenever I'm in town, I'll gladly come and dine in again. Thank you for the delicious food!
I was really anticipating the opening of a pho restaurant on Main Street and finally tried it out on a chilly rainy day. The menu is extensive and offers a variety of appetizers, bobas and main dishes. I like that you can choose to create your own pho down to the broth, protein and noodles. I got a beef broth pho w rice noodles and pork wontons. The broth was decently flavorful, but what disappointed me was the noodles tasted rather plain; like they hadn't taken on any flavor from the broth. They also stuck together and seemed to take over the bowl - usually I'm not one to complain about too much noodles but it made it a little difficult to eat! The wontons were delicious and really soaked up the broth well. Service was speedy and the servers were all attentive and friendly. Would give it another try again soon.
Came all the way from Newark, DE to have this delicious food! Great service! Great atmosphere! The Pho was delicious as well as the rice dishes. Highly recommend the Grilled beef in Grape Leaves as a starter!
Like most people who live in Manayunk, I've been waiting for a Pho restaurant to open up. Sometimes traveling to China town or to Washington Ave to hit up the usual suspects is a little too far and a hassle on its own. But thank god, we finally have a spot in our little town that's walkable and delicious.

I'm hoping Main Street Pho starts delivering soon. :-)
I ordered delivery from their website. Reasonable price, Huge portion of food and fast delivery. I ordered beef soup pho(that's what I was craving for, really good), summer roll (so so, I don't recommend ) and rice platter. I divided the beef pho in two bowls and still decent amount. I will order again.
My wife and I had the summer rolls, which were amazing!  We both had the beef Pho (first time) and it was good. The broth was tasty.
This is my favorite Pho place. It's so good! What a treat. I am planning on ordering regularly during the close down to make sure they can weather it.
I just love it here.  It not fancy but everything is good.  I got the bok choy in garlic and it was great and not greasy.  We have been many times and it is always solid.
I ordered two spring rolls. 
One of the worst spring rolls ive ever had. 
Usually in spring rolls, you put meat along with shrimp and other veges. This is the only restaurant ive been to that didnt put meat. The price for two was five. I dont know if thats significantly cheaper than most places but they were below mediocre.
I love this place!! As a pho newbie, the waitress was very helpful with her recommendations. We had fried dumplings and spring rolls as our appetizer, then both got the beef brisket Pho. The broth needed a bit of Siracha and hoisin sauce, but after that it was great. We went around 5:45/6 and as we were leaving there were no open tables, so go early for quicker service.
Loved it! Finally had a chance to try this gem on main and were very pleased. We tried the shrimp/pork steamed dumplings which were delish. Also tried one of their daily specials- egg noodles with pork and chicken and loved it! Pretty decent pricing for the portions! The service was quick and the staff was extremely friendly. We will definitely be back!
I was disappointed with my last visit. The pho broth was weak, it didnt have all the meats in the soup that were listed in the menu description and what was there was very meager.  I didnt receive Hoison sauce or sriracha in my takeout bag (ordered it to go).
Decent broth. Wish they had more of a variety of beef- fatty tenderloin, cartridge, tripe etc
Phó here is good and clean but 5 dollars for a can of sparkling water??? Literally robbing people for their money.
Only 2 stars... maybe I've become spoiled by Pho Ha on Washington Ave. but this place is lacking. Lacking hospitality, lacking space and lacking flavor! I had the vegetarian spring rolls to start. They had an interesting crispness but void of any real taste inside. I had to douse them in sweet chili sauce. Next I had the beef Pho with rice noodles. Again, not exactly bursting with flavor, more like falling flat without flair. My friend added everything in the restaurant that wasn't nailed down just so he could eat it, AND HE EATS EVERYTHING!!! I won't be returning to this travesty but the other customers seemed to enjoy it. If you are trying to impress someone, do it elsewhere.
What a pleasant little place!
My friend and I stopped by late in the evening for dinner and I was extremely surprised by how nice everyone was. I told the waitress that this was my first time trying pho after she gave me my order and she was so sweet about it- giving me recommendations and showing me what to do. Eventually the owner came to speak to us and seemed genuinely interested in our stories. He told us how he got the place started and the atmosphere of the place was just really nice overall.
The pho tasted good (though I have nothing to compare it to), the spring rolls were tasty, and the chicken was delicious. 
Would definitely recommend if you're looking for a casual place to eat! They definitely know how to treat customers right. I hope to stop by there again one day.
I saw this place on GrubHub and decided to try it out, and from the perspective of paying attention to and accommodating the order, the restaurant did great!  I called ahead of time to ask about gluten-free options, and the person I spoke to was quite knowledgeable about it, which was a pleasant surprise (many Asian places aren't well-versed in gluten allergies).  When the food came, I saw that everything was marked gluten-free as I had specified in the order.

As much as I wanted to like this place due to the above, unfortunately the flavors weren't all there.  Lemongrass pork didn't have soy sauce to be GF, but it was still missing something I couldn't fully place but wanted to taste.  Spicy beef pho wasn't all that spicy and was a tad light on that pho flavor.

Also unfortunate, though I get it happens - while eating the lemongrass pork, I found a hair in the food, which was disconcerting.

Overall, not bad, and I appreciate the attention to gluten-free, but not quite the flavors I hope for when ordering Vietnamese food.
I can't speak for the pho but the summer rolls and dumplings were ok.  The vegetarian summer rolls were not substantial. I don't think it was stuffed with any vegetarian ham at all.  The sauce lacked the typical Vietnamese peanut sauce elements like hoisin.  The dumplings were actually cooked nicely but the dipping sauce was quite weak.  The flavors need to be stronger in order to balance with the bite of the crispy friend dumplings. I am curious to try their Pho next time.
This is the best Pho place I ever been around the area. Highly recommend: beef pho, love the soup; fried rice, spring rolls and fried tofu. I will bring more friends in it's also really good location beautiful town. Love the place place the taste!!!
YUM -- I have eaten a lot of dishes here (banh mi, pho, main dishes) and everything has been good. I'm vegetarian so I get the tofu versions of each (I especially like the lemongrass tofu rice dish) but my wife is a meat-eater and from a Vietnamese family, and she likes the food just as much.
Got carry out from Main Street Pho and it was great! Very large portion sizes, great price point, and carry out packaging was very helpful-- all of the Pho components were separated so that it did not sit and get gross while transporting it. Will be back soon!
Food was "OK" we made a stop here for lunch but could tell right away this is somewhat of an Asian fusion type of place. It was worth a try but can probably find better alternative for Vietnamese food.
Good pho a little pricey but the owner is very involved, had a missed order and called me back personally to work it out . Greatly appreciated will continue to get my pho fix with you
Love their grilled pork banh mi sandwich.  Such a great grab and go lunch.  It's delicious, the bread is crunchy, flaky on the outside and super soft on the inside.  The meat is grilled to perfection.  It's our goto lunch.  I keep wanting to try all the other dishes but I always go back to the sandwich, just loves it.
I decided to try the pho at Main Street since I didn't feel like driving to South Philly or Northeast for pho. The reviews on google and yelp wasn't bad either.

My husband and I went on a Thursday at ~4:30pm and it was completely empty, which made me a little hesitant the restaurant was empty. The bowls of pho are $11-$12, which is a bit pricey than we're used to but we decided to try anyway. 

I ordered the Main Street Pho Special ($12) which came with the round eye beef, brisket, tendon, tripe, and beef balls and my husband ordered the Beef Round Eye Pho ($11). It took about ~10-15 minutes before our pho arrived. The pho, noodles and meat were pretty good. However, they were a little stingy with the meat in the Pho Special. 

Overall, the pho was pretty good and a good substitute for those that live in the Manuyunk/Roxborough area without having to drive to South Philly, Chinatown, or Northeast Philadelphia.
Omg! I grew up in Vietnam and never before have I found a more authentic place.  I finally get to taste the unmatched stewed beef bread, reminding so much of my childhood. Besides pho, you can consider this dish too.
Don't get the shrimp pho. They don't know how to clean them properly and I had shells and veins in my soup. Ate nothing and still paid for half. Thank goodness I had ordered spring rolls before hand or I  would have left hungry. Disappointed
Vincent and team make great Vietnamese food, large portions, great bursting flavors and wide ranging menu.   Highlights:  wings with tamarind sauce on the side, mixed grill especially the grilled pork over vermicelli, pho that is bursting with Unami and flavors not salt and top it off fried banana in egg rolls.  Everything is top notch. They separate the elements of the pho. It's perfect. No one likes mushy noodles and bean sprouts.  It is our go to it should be yours!
I ordered food on a special promotion that this business was doing. I was unable to pick it up so I asked a friend to get it. This is what she told me when she dropped it off. 

I was very disappointed and humiliated. For starters, this place acted like they didn't know what I was talking about when I asked for the order. Then they spoke to each other in their language staring at me. No one told me what was going. Then they began to help other customers. I stood for a long 5 minutes confused. Then I was asked to step out the way and sit on the side. Customers were staring at me. Finally they gave me a couple dry hard rolls. They didn't even bother to give me a bag for a to go order. Strange!!! Every other customer got a bag. They made me feel very small. 

We live, shop & dine in Manayunk and we have never been treated this low before. Horrible experience!
Excellent food, nice decor, friendly and helpful staff. My favorite is the spicy lemongrass chicken, but everything is good. One of my favorite places in Manayunk.

They're doing takeout and delivery (through GrubHub) during this COVID-19 shutdown. I ordered from them directly and picked up so they would not get hit with GrubHub's cut. If possible, I suggest you do the same (for any restaurant) during this crisis. And leave a big tip!
Food is OK, not amazing. I've had much better summer rolls and pho in Chinatown or north philly.
Can't order Mam Nem here; they only serve Nuoc Mam. I like my Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio with Mam Nem.

This place reminds me of an Americanized Chinese-takeout jawn -- but where they serve Americanized Viet food. Almost unauthentic, if I daresay. It's okay, nothing to write home about. Pho is decent. Portions are small, as expected. Every restaurant in Manayunk-Roxoborough has the worst portioning ever, with the most expensive prices. Maybe portions are small cus I'm fat or maybe it's just the pandemic and every restaurant tryna make a profit. I think my pho is better than theirs, to be honest. But who wants to spend hours on a weekend making pho. ‍
Perfect spot for some yummy pho. Good portion of noodle to meat.  Good variety selections. Nice and delish! Price is pretty competitive to the area, not too much. We got a pho soup and a grilled pork bahn mi for $30
I usually like this place but today I ordered some chicken pho and first they didn't put the lid on completely and half of it spilled out into the bag and second there was a fly in the remaining broth that was left. I threw the whole thing out because I was completely grossed out and annoyed. Don't think I'll be back here any time soon.
Incredibly delicious. Warm and cozy atmosphere. We had the veggie spring roll as well as the regular rolls which were delicious. 
The veggie pho and grilled chicken pho was ordered for the main course. These did not disappoint one bit. I highly recommend everyone to come. Consider Ubering because parking is difficult. 

Also, they have delivery option which I'm going to use regularly.
The Pho was good. Next time I'll probably try the Shrimp Pho to avoid the imitation crab meat. The Summer rolls were fresh and delicious with the peanut sauce. I enjoyed the Manyunk atmosphere.
