I have had the Malbec Argentine Steakhouse bookmarked for a while & decided on a Friday 'date night' to give it a try! I am glad I did-the ambiance was delightful and the decor was rustic and reminded me of restaurants I visited in South America.

Now-Let's get to the good part--food and drinks!  Began with a nice 'Malbec' from Chile & also had a dry white with my meal--both delicious!  Our starter plates were Chorizo w/Sausages & Mussels--Love the flavors of both!
Entree's were:  Chilean Sea Bass & The Porterhouse.  I was pleased with the Sea Bass & my date enjoyed The Porterhouse equally!

Our waitstaff gave great recommendations and was attentive.  He informed us about the 'Happy Hour' and invited us to come back and check it out!   

I will be back for sure!  Overall a quality place!
The Argentine restaurant Malbec is located in a well-known colonial building bordering Society Hill's historic Head House Square.  You'd expect a pseudo Williamsburg eatery here and from what I heard this was a colonial tavern for years.  So Malbec has some cred to overcome .... but guess what? - it does.  It's left enough features to insure any diner would know they are eating and drinking in an old space but they have still added Argentine touches to fit in with the new cuisine.  And perhaps most importantly they are serving up very good food from lower South America and have built up quite a following.  Malbec is a  winner.

Beef in an Argentine restaurant will always be the main feature and it takes many forms here at Malbec.  Both the beef empanada and the beef en brochette are tasty dishes .... and become more so with the addition of the ubiquitous Argentine chimichurri sauce.  I think you'll also be pleased with the quality of their chorizo which is another popular dish.  Order an Argentininian Quilmes beer and you will be all set for a tasty meal.
I want to come back and up the rating when I get to try the regular menu, but I came here for restaurant week a few weeks ago and I waited until now to review since it wasn't really all that memorable. I wanted to convince myself it was better, but my experience is what it is. 3 1/2 maybe, if for the ambiance and great wine list alone.

Between the 3 of us, me and my two guests started with the calamari, the soup, the salad and the empanadas. Calamari was very delicious, crispy and flavorful, probably my favorite part of the meal. Salad was just okay, way too much onion. Soup was also just okay, pretty bland. The soup at Pret is better. Empanadas were tasty (how can you hate on melted cheese?) but also pretty basic and very heavy on the flour/dough. Tasted like something I could make at home.

For entrees, we got two steaks (I believe they were flank/flat-iron style) and the breaded chicken dish. I was a little disappointed that even for restaurant week, the entrees were very limited and they offered two similar sounding plain chickens that weren't adventurous (breaded or grilled). Perhaps this is the Argentinian style, as I'm not familiar, but nothing about the chicken wowed me.

My steak was cooked perfectly, had a nice char and a tasty chimichurri sauce. But would I return for just that? Probably not. Perhaps if I do return, I'd get a NY Strip or filet and gauge the flavors by that. On the side, I ordered french fries (I love the combo of steak and fries!), but they were such a disappointment - super greasy, undercooked and rubbery/soggy. I found myself snacking on my guest's creamy mashed potatoes, which were delicious.

For dessert, we tried one each of the caramel flan and the tres leches cake. Both were decadent and tasty, if only a little too sweet (but definitely get one of them if you love sweets). 

Service was good, but unfortunately that night the kitchen was backed up, so the chicken entrée came out 5 minutes after the steaks.  Getting the bill took a long time, too.  Not our server's fault, obviously, but worth noting.  When we got our bill, it was WAY high.  I usually never double-check bills but the amount jumped out at me.  Upon further inspection, they charged us for a completely extra $35 restaurant week meal.  I'm sure it was just a glitch, but still.

Ultimately, there were both low and high points so I'm not dismissing it entirely.
Had a great time last night with my husband who is Argentinean, and also a talented chef (hence a tough food critic).  After living in Argentina together for a number of years, I took him here as a surprise to make him feel more at home in PA.  We had the parrillada para dos with a bottle of malbec.  For dessert we had flan with dulce de leche.  

The good:  Fair prices for the neighborhood, authentic and delicious Argentine asado.  Relaxed and fun atmosphere.  The morcilla and molleja were both a very pleasant surprise - DELICIOUS!   The other cuts were great as well.  Authenticity was top notch, we felt like we were back in Argentina.  We really enjoyed it.  Our servers were very attentive and we felt very welcomed.

Small critique:  The salsa criolla was a little heavy on oil, lacked a pinch more of salt, vinegar and garlic.  The dulce de leche was not as authentic tasting, tasted more like caramel than dulce de leche.  All in all though, these were very specific critiques from an Argie chef.  Everything was delicious.  

We will most definitely be back!!!!
This restaurant came with high recommendations from friends.

Let me start with what I liked:
The chimichurri sauce was amazing and the skirt steak.

Now onto what could be improved:
We had made a reservation 4 days prior, because we had 6 in our party.  When we arrived the hostess said she didn't have any reservations.  It turned out not to be a problem as we were seated quickly.  Once seated, our server, Donte, took our drink order - which we had to repeat several times.  After some time, he comes back to confirm the drink order, which was incorrect then leaves. I would say it was about 10 minutes for us to get 2 waters and glasses for white sangria.  It was an additional 10 minutes for the last person in our party to get their coke. 

After he delivered the beverages we placed our orders, we had 2 appetizers and 6 main courses. We watched as other tables ordered after and received food before us.  The waiter came over to apologize for the delay in the kitchen (even though the place was not nearly at capacity).  Finally the entrees arrived BEFORE the appetizers.  The waiter came over and started with, "Guess what happened."  I responded with "Our empanadas went to another table." He said yes.  No asking if we still wanted the appetizers or not, but the entrees were already there and were hot, so we wanted to eat those while fresh.  After a few minutes of us eating our entrees, the appetizers come out.  At this point we really didn't want them, but they were put down.  Both appetizers, the empanadas and melted provolone, were not very good. The melted provolone dish, I imagined sat there while the empanadas were being made, as it was just a moderately warm disk of provolone.  

  I had the rib eye, I was supremely underwhelmed by the taste and preparation.  The bit of skirt steak I had was delicious.  After we finished the entrees, the waiter came over to tell us that dessert was on the house due to the service, which we didn't want because we had dessert plans already.

  When the bill came, there were no comps, no discounts, and no management came to our table, even though they had been visiting other tables that night.  I would not come back to this place nor would I recommend it.
This place was really amazing in all aspects.
We made a reservation since we weren't sure how crowded it would be, but it wasn't necessary. The restaurant is set up in a way that accommodates many people but you aren't right on top of each other nor can you hear the next table's conversation. 
The food was incredible, probably one of the best steaks i have ever had, my friend said it was the second best for him. The service was great as well, very friendly, attentive yet not overbearing. 
I would say if you love steak and wine, or just either one, check this place out.
This would be a great spot for a date, dinner with a few friends or even a solo night at the bar (you can order food at the bar as well).
Will definitely be back!
This place was not fantastic, and it was not by any means terrible. My steak was expertly cooked and displayed a lot of flavor, my guest had the pork chops her's had a complete lack of flavor, but, the mushrooms & onions "slightly" made up for it overall? Based on the price dinner for 2 at $160 w/ tip and a bottle of wine (they charge $68 for a $19 bottle of Catena! As a self proclaimed oenophile I have to ask, "WHY?") 

I give Malbec restaurant a solid 3.7 stars (rounded up to 4.00 because the wait staff was very thorough) minus -1 star the bathroom was extremely cramped in the basement and as a 6'4" individual I had to literally duck to use the facilities not joking! Also the music was really hit and miss every other song was like "what is happening??!!"  and as someone who loves LOUD music this was probably 4-5 dB over me jamming out while I clean my house, not conducive for conversation, or, a romantic atmosphere??!! 

Change the tune Malbec for $160 we deserve a lot don't we? assuming you continue to charge 5 STAR PRICES...
I visited Malbec on a weeknight for dinner and drinks and had a great time! The COVID-19 distancing setup they have in place for outdoor dining is well done. I will say that service was a bit slow, so we did have to be on our toes to flag down wait staff to order more food or drinks.

We ordered off the happy hour menu during our time there and all got Red Sangria, which was a great deal at $5/glass. To eat, I had two empanadas - the spinach & mozzarella and the mushrooms & cheese. They were a great portion size and absolutely delicious! After eating so much cheese and bread, I felt I needed to order something with more nutritional value, so I also got a grilled brochette (skewer) of seasonal vegetables. This was less of a happy hour bargain than the empanadas or sangria, but still tasty.

Overall I definitely recommend Malbec for outdoor dining during happy hour and would be glad to go back soon!
My wife and I ate at Malbec for Valentine's Day! 
Glad that we did, we had a great time! The food was very good, service was excellent. We started with not one, but two baskets of bread! The bread itself was good, but it was really just a sidekick to the chimichurri that they serve with it! Their chimichurri is out of this world!!! I wish that I had a jar of it to take home & eat with a spoon! We had their Valentine's Day pre fixe, all of the courses were delicious! I can't wait to go back to order from their regular menu.
Overall a positive experience. It's a very dimly lit restaurant that has a romantic ambiance. We had a party of 4 on a Friday night for Restaurant Week and the owner Walter was there to host as well as check in on how our experience was, I'd never seen that before at another restaurant. It really says a lot about valuing customers. 

We ordered the Parrillada Argentina, which offered a little bit of everything (short ribs, sausage, blood sausage, sweetbreads, and skirt steak as well as 2 sides) along with 2 of the prix fixe menu. 

The highlights were definitely: the empanadas, skirt steak, chorizo, and tres leches cake. The tres leches is easily the the shining star, and some of the best that I have ever had, with each bite being so decadent and moist. 

Only concern of the night was that one of the pieces of pechuga de pollo was for sure undercooked. The texture was like a medium rare steak. Outside of that, everything was tasty.
Came here on Sat night for restaurant week.  The location and ambiance was cozy chic casual.  There is indoor and outdoor seating.

Positives
- drinks were on point.  Their specialty cocktail Tango was strong and refreshing at the same time.  I had another drink and was very well crafted as well.
- nice interior mood

Negatives
- service was so so but it could just be restaurant week
- none of dishes were a stand out

Overall we had a good time but probably explore other options.
We ordered delivery (COVID19) and were not disappointed. Ordering online was easy. Our food came about 20 mins earlier than we requested it even though requesting a certain time when we delivered so I missed the delivery man's call. However, the delivery service was great, he called multiple times and left a voicemail. He responded readily when I called back and the food arrived promptly. We had two empanadas which were fantastic (flaky crust despite coming via delivery and really good fillings). I got the ribeye and my wife the steak Milanese. Her steak was great. Breading was not soggy and was flavorful. The ribeye was perfectly cooked as I requested and fantastic. It came with a chimicurri side which I used sparingly but it didn't need it. 

Overall, we really enjoyed it. I can't wait to go in person when businesses are safe to re-open and try the cocktails and wine and ambience.
Amazing steak and sea bass! The roasted red pepper sauce with the sea bass was delicious. The trio Calamari tasted amazing ~ The atmosphere is very beautiful and the waiter Donato explained the specials well! We came from NJ to try this place out because of all the other Yelp reviews! Excellent service and food! The owners of the restaurant were very friendly and made sure everything was going smooth which it was! Best Argentinian restaurant on the spot! Will come back again soon!
Definitely call days in advance for Friday or Saturday night reservations. Parking in this area is hit or miss with meters but if you do have to park in the garage on Lombard St go online and pay for parking for $15 bcuz they will charge to $25 cash only to park on a Friday or Saturday night. The is a sign as you go in that tells you this but some miss it. They only accept cash.

The restaurant itself is small inside, the front room mostly taken up by the huge bar. Tables are very close to each other and the noise level is really high and excessive, we could not hear each other across a two person table due to other diners so close and loud, loud background music and not enough tapestry to absorb even a little bit of sound. It was like everyone was trying to talk over the music and each other. A quieter background music would really be great for such a small, brick walled space, or put sound dampening tiles on the ceiling. For this reason alone we will not return to this restaurant. When spending $150 on dinner I'd at least like to be able to talk to my date. 

For appetizer we had Chorizo malbec - excellent sausage. Perfectly slightly spicy. Served in a red sauce with peppers and onions. This was a delicious starter. We also ordered an appetizer special called Tres Rabas, or calamari cooked 3 ways - grilled portion most charred, made it taste like burnt ashes, part that wasn't burnt was good in the house dressing (chimichuri sauce), sautéed portion in a pesto sauce, fried portion was ok but calamari were thinner. Served with 2 dips; a marinara and what tasted like a ketchup/tartar mixture. All 3 bowls had plenty of cooked peppers and jalapeño to help bulk it up and look like it's more calamari than it is. The calamari was fresh and cooked to the perfect tenderness except for the charred grilled one of the trio.

For dinner we had the porterhouse and filet mignon, both with their delicious mashed potatoes. You can't go wrong with steak at an Argentinian steakhouse! The porterhouse  ($40) was about an inch thick and very fatty on the side opposite the filet. My filet mignon ($31) was as expected for an 8oz filet. Both were cooked to perfection, his medium and mine mid-rare. Filet just melted in our mouths. The cook on the steaks was definitely the 2nd greatest thing about this restaurant. 

We also tried 2 different Malbec wines, his was red and mine was the slightly lighter blush malbec. I thought it was perfect, i typically don't like the 'bite' of a malbec but the blush was just light enough. 

Maybe the 2nd best thing was the Flan dessert. Josh accommodated my request for writing on the plate. Cheesy? Absolutely, and that's just how we roll. 

The reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 3 is because our waiter Josh was an absolutely fantastic 5 star server. He was so attentive and friendly and even accommodated a special request for our dessert. He wiped clean the table after appetizers after taking away the plates, he offered us fresh silverware between our courses, and kept our glasses of water full. Josh really made the experience worth it.
Writing this review saddens me cause I enjoyed the place so much I visited twice in three days.  During my second visit I was not given my credit card back after being swiped.  I was in a rush and forgot it.  The next day I called and was informed the restaurant was closed and I would get a call back when they opened.  I proceeded to check my account and my credit card was swiped twice for over 100 dollars.  My American Express reads SEE ID on the back of the card which makes this even more disturbing.
Say the least I won't be returning to this restaurant.
I have been trying to dine at the Malbec Steakhouse after I came across the restaurant a few months ago. I finally had the opportunity to enjoy a meal here last week.

Upon arriving at Malbec, we were surprised to find a quaint establishment nestled into a neighborhood. We were seated at a high top table near the wall. Our waiter arrived and took our drink and appetizer order. I went with the shrimp and cheese empanada. My hubs ordered the chicken empanada. We decided to try the Parrillada for two as our entree with a side of mashed potatoes and a side salad. 

It didn't take long for the empanadas to arrive. I dove into my shrimp and cheese empanada immediately. I enjoyed the flakiness of the pastry. The shrimp and cheese filling bursted with flavor. My hubs said his chicken empanada was okay. He vowed to try the spinach and cheese empanada next time. 

There was a short wait until our main course arrived. The parrillada arrived on a cast iron skillet. It contained two churrasco steaks, two ribs, one blood orange sausage, and another sausage (the name escapes me at the moment). I loved the fact that the parrillada came with chimichurri sauces. I like to add sauces to my meat when they need some extra flavor. I decided to try the ribs first. My rib was tender, seasoned, and cooked perfectly. My hubs dove into the steak. He loved the flavor of his steak. Next, I made my way to the steak and thought it was just ok. I had to use the chimichurri sauces on the steak. I think the ribs were my favorite bc I felt the ribs had more flavor. Neither of us liked the sausage. I wish we could have substituted them for another meat option. As for the sides, I felt the mashed potatoes were creamy and smooth, but very small for a party of two to share. They came in a small bowl that was just enough for one person. The salad came in a small bowl as well and wasn't really large enough for a party of two to share. However, we were very happy with our food choice thus far and still had room for dessert. Therefore, I opted for tres leches cake. My hubs had the bread pudding. 

I loved that size of the tres leches. It wasn't too big or too small. The texture was fantastic. My hubs felt his bread pudding should have been served with ice cream as this is something we have seen at numerous establishments. He felt ice cream or whip cream would have made a great addition to the dessert. 

We would like to thank Malbec for a solid meal and hope to return to indulge a bit more.
Went there for restaurant week with my partner and we both had a great time. The food was so good! He order the grilled steak as a main dish and that was delicious. Perfectly cooked. I got the milanesa beef, which was also amazing and reminded me of something I used to eat back home. Also I absolutely adored their playlist. Very fitting with the ambiance. I'll definitely be coming back!
I really want to like this place, especially since I live right around the corner and love steak.  I think it needs more time, because it has potential.   I spent $100, which I'm willing to do for a great meal - but my overall feedback is everything served to me was very plain.   Filet and fries came out and there was nothing special to it, just plain.  I think I was expecting flavorful food because this is an argentine steakhouse.   Maybe my expectations were high and that altered my thoughts overall.   There wasn't really anyone there, so the two people working were all over us trying to take our plates away :-)  I will go back and have wine at the bar, but will not spend that kind of money on a meal there until some improvements are made.
I Would like to say this place it's really worth it, coming from New York this is a new spot to visit. Since there are no Argentinean food around. So good and so worth it. They have lots of wines, and the sangria it's so tasty, we had a few pitchers . I would say one of the best so far, if you want to try something good that's the place to go.
My husband and I had never been to Philadelphia and we asked a friend which restaurant she would recommend that had good food and was quiet enough to have a conversation. She recommended Malbec! When the taxi dropped us off in front of the restaurant we were apprehensive, we were early for our 5:30 reservation and nothing not the entire street was open. We walked through the town and thought about changing our restaurant choice to a tall ship restaurant... so very glad we didn't! The food at Malbec is fantastic! My husband has the sea bass and said it was the best he'd ever had! I had the filet mignon cooked to perfection! The waiter was very nice and attentive to our table of four. The interior is quaint and cozy and has a great neighborhood feel, very nice experience! Highly recommend!!!
We went for saturday brunch, mainly choosing to try it because of the outdoor bubble seating. It was a very sunny day, warm enough to be eating outside but windy. I called the morning of, asking if they had any availability in the bubbles and they said it wouldn't be a problem. We walked in as they were opening at 1, and there seemed to be no one there except for one young server. We asked him if we could sit outside in a bubble, even though none were set up. He was very polite and promptly set one up for us, even though we had to stand around for ten minutes waiting. The bubble was very warm even without a heater because it was sunny, but I'm sure they would have brought a heater as well if it was necessary. We were the only table there the whole time we stayed, and the same server was the one who took our order, brought us drinks and food, and might have even cooked our food from the way we saw no one else there. The three of us decided to share some dishes. We got one of each of the spinach and mozzarella, ham and cheese, beef, and chicken empanadas. The empanadas were all delicious, the dough was fried perfectly, the only one that wasn't really worth it was the chicken one as the filling was pretty dry. Next, we shared the tortilla espanola, which honestly really wasn't very good, it was just a bland frittata with some potatoes. Finally, we shared the parrillada for 2. The meat was just ok, I wouldn't say good, especially for an argentinian steakhouse. Overall, I think it's definitely more of a dinner place than a brunch spot. The only reason I would see for coming here is the empanadas, so you might be better off coming for happy hour. Considering the quality of the meat, I think they would be much better off labeling themselves as an argentinian restaurant rather than an argentinian steakhouse.
Great food, especially the meat platter! Staff was very attentive and accommodating.

Wine selection is ok.
Went to neighborhood new Argentinian steakhouse. Showed up without reservation but was seated promptly. First thing waiter did was to apologize for a potential long delay in food delivery as they were busy. It went all downhill from there.
 Cocktails took forever to arrive but Mgmt did  comp them. People seated after us were served their main course and we still hadn't even gotten any bread which was fine as it was awful anyway. I think it was a Wawa shortie roll cut into pieces. 
Food was adequate but unmemorable. The best dish were the empanadas but could have used a bit more filling. Salad was plain and steaks were sized well but lacked any pizzazz. Passed on the overpriced desserts and decibel levels are extreme.

Won't be returning anytime soon until they are more seasoned in their food and delivery.
This is a lovely restaurant, came here on a Saturday evening. My boyfriend and I ordered the Parrillada for two, and was very pleased. Our server was nice and attentive. Would definitely return.
I stopped in late on a Tuesday night to grab dinner at the bar.  Was so thrilled to see Quilmes beer on the menu, a throwback to when I lived in Argentina over 20 years ago.  The restaurant is beautiful and inviting.  Bartender was very friendly and accommodating (though I was the only one at the bar), and my food was amazing.  As others have noted, Argentinean food can be a bit plain (sano - simple, down to earth, and healthy).  But my milanesa had some garlic kick to it, and it was just right.  I can't wait to go back with the family and try the parrillada.
Came here for dinner the other night. Luckily happy hour was still going on and we were able to get in some $6 glasses of Malbec and some appetizers on happy hour.

We got the beef empanada and the ham and cheese empanada. Both were good and the dough was very good! Very crispy and flaky and not too thick at all. We also got the steak brochette which was good as well. We just wish we had asked for some chimichurri sauce on the side.

The main courses were more lackluster though. Being a steakhouse, I was looking forward to our entrees but I felt both cuts we got fell short. My NY strip was more well done (as opposed to medium rare). The entrana was cooked well but I wish both had more chimichurri sauce/taste to them.

I would definitely come back for happy hour to enjoy some drinks and some empanadas though, they were the real star of the show!
This is probably my favorite steak restaurant in the Philadelphia area. There has been your regular steakhouse, the fogo de chao for Brazilian steaks but no Argentinian until Malbec came to the city. We make reservations and were quickly seated and felt very welcome. Our server was from Argentina and the owner stopped by to see how we were doing and he was also from Argentina that's when you know this is the real deal. We ordered a beef empanada for appetizer and it was very delicious with tons of meet, there was also their house bread which was really good and fresh. For the main we had the "parrillada" for two which we pair with a bottle of Malbec wine from Argentina of course. This parrillada was to die for!!! It had everything you can think about from short ribs to Argentinian chorizo to blood sausage and churrasco (skirt steak). Every bite was full of flavor, meat was very tender cooked to ordered. Finally, for dessert  we went with bread pudding with a side of "dulce de leche" and a "yerba matte" hot tea to help cut the grease (apparently is an Argentinian thing). Price is not bad when you compared to other steakhouses and what you are getting here is high quality. We are definitely coming back! RECOMMENDED!
Tonight, I have chosen to try Malbec as part of the venture from philly restaurant week. It is known to be the Argentina SteakHouse. With their pre-set menu, I have chosen salad, chorizo, grilled salmon, and tres leches. Meanwhile, my partner has chosen soup, calamari, Churrasco, and flan. All of the dishes are amazing and they definitely have exceeded my expectations for Argentinian food. The salmon was grill just right, not dry at all. With a touch of the balsamic glaze which amplified the flavor. Same with the Churrasco, it was so favorable while juicy and tender. The desserts just hit the spot. They were sweet, and I just loved it. By the time we finished with our food, we could barely make it out of the restaurant. Hands down, this is a great experience and I would definitely go back there again.
I've come here twice already. The steaks were excellent. I ordered the filet both times. The chimichurri that comes with it is incredible. They also have a nice wine list, fully stocked bar, and friendly service. The owner also was going around making sure everyone was happy. 

I have a good feeling this place will be successful, and I plan to check back in frequently.
In a beautiful safe area of Philly a historic building housing an authentic Argentine Steakhouse. Tira de Asado was delicious and perfectly grilled. Mushroom empanadas were excellent. The house Malbec was very good, but slightly smallish pour. Ravioli with pesto was excellent and garlicky. Wonderful ambiance.
Amazing food and courteous staff. We ordered the picada Argentina (charcuterie board), parrillada argentina (meat sampler - added the chitterlings), and flan. Everything was delicious and we had another meal worth to take home. Would definitely recommend.
There name says steak house but I would not call it a Steak house as I am use to.
Asked the waiter is the steak priced at 39.00 Prime he said yes. The steak is supermarket quality at best not prime fatty thin I couldn't enjoy it. 
The owner and staff are awesome the Ambience of the place is amazing if that's what you're looking for but the food was mediocre they should change the quality other steaks to prime charge another $10 but serve steak that's delicious not a choice Quality steak.The pricing is OK we had shrimp cocktail shrimp a very small for what we expected but we also ordered a lobster tail which was the best of the whole dishes.
During this time when restaurants are closing down I would love to see this place make it and make it big they need to serve better quality meats better quality seafood I will return one more time and give it one more chance maybe they were out of steaks I don't know but they need to step up their game.I'd rather pay them a little more for great quality food then leave disappointed the owner is amazing didn't want to tell him how bad the meal was because he was great guy but he needs to see and know what his kitchen serving you should eat the steak and see what he thinks of it.
Don't sell prime steaks and end up serving choice.
We love this place. During Covid it's especially accommodating but I have to be honest the food is so good that this is not just a Covid review this is clearly a wonderful restaurant in Society Hill Philadelphia!
We've been waiting to try this new restaurant since the announcement that it was opening and tonight was the night.  The restaurant has been open for just a week so we expected some glitches in the overall experience.  The atmosphere was excellent.  The decor is comfortable and welcoming.  The bottom line, and most important piece, is that the food was delicious.  No question - we had a party of four and all meals were fantastic.  The only reason why this is not a 4 or 5 star review is because of the glitches.  I am confident they will be made straight and we will be back to visit again soon for sure.  The issues were that they were out of Dulce de Leche - an Argentine staple.  You cannot be out of Dulce EVER at an Argentine place.  Never ever.  My cappuccino was served hot....and with no coffee.  It was hot milk.  Another in our party got his capp room temperature.  They gave us new coffees and our bread pudding was on the house, which was a nice gesture.  Also, our server knew absolutely nothing about the menu at all - a miss that did not cost him (we tipped him fully as it's a brand new place) but really, the servers should be able to answer questions on day one.  We are looking forward to a return trip soon.  We had a nice talk with the owner at the end of the evening and he was extremely welcoming and friendly.  Can't wait to visit again and hopefully bump this rating!!
After reading all of the reviews of this place, I was so excited to try the food and experience this restaurant during restaurant week. However, I was extremely disappointed by the service and the food. The empanadas were great, but it took forever for them to come out. First our server came up to our table and said that we should have gotten our appetizers already. Then again the host came up to us to ask if we had a server even come by our table yet. At this point we had been seated for 30 minutes. Next the entree took even longer and when I asked for an ETA, I was asked if I wanted to take it to go. Not sure why that was offered, but I just wanted to make sure we weren't forgotten--I've worked in the restaurant industry so I know sometimes mistakes happen. But clearly I was right given that our food arrived cold, not even room temperature. I had to send it back because I couldn't even eat it. Lastly, when our desserts arrived, our server dropped it on the table with no spoons and for about 10 mins we sat there waiting to even eat our desserts. She came back with the bill before we even got our spoons adding more insult to injury. At that point, we just wanted to leave because we had been there for way too long for mediocre food and service so we left shortly there after. Apologies were few to none and it was clear they just wanted to us to pay and leave so we did just that. I couldn't have been more underwhelmed by this restaurant.
Just got some great takeout from this place at a very reasonable price.  The steak, chicken, and empanadas were awesome.  This is a great neighborhood place that deserves our support.
Great food and flavor. Had the chorizo and the sausage and the churrasco. Everything was delicious. The dessert was insane. 5 start food, the service was done nicely and the attention from Dante our waiter was excellent. 
Will recommend it anytime. Enjoy it
Made reservations for restaurant week after a friend recommended. Quick back story- they do not take reservations on Open Table, so what I thought was a reservation for 2 at 5:30pm on Friday night, turned out to be a reservation at another Malbec named restaurant in Washington DC! 
Thankfully my SO checked it, so we called the restaurant and they were able to get us a table at 8:30pm. At this point we were already at another restaurant for happy hour and starving. Waiting till 8:30pm seemed highly unlikely, so we decided to head to the restaurant and wait at the bar for the table. 
After reaching at 6:15ish, we were surprised to find the place only 30% full. We were seated almost immediately and the server brought us the restaurant week menu as well as the regular. We decided to go with the regular menus. 
Ordered a couple of drinks and settled in, we ordered the patatas brava and chicken and beef empanadas! 
All three were amazing! I mean #devourpower! 
I took the 2 points of only for not being on Open table and having to call the restaurant to make a reservation, secondly although it is a quant little place, it was quiet dark inside and made it really difficult to read the menus or to see our food. 
However I am surely going to go back for the entrees!
First time coming here after reading the awesome  reviews. If u love steak this place is a must try. It's a different take on flavor because of the background of the restaurant. The atmosphere is romantic candle light setting. Very relax and staff and the owner are very friendly.
While visiting Philadelphia I came across this Restaurant ...  Born and raised in Argentina it felt like a must try. 
The place is really nice, authentic decor and great ambient.  My waitress was argentinian as well so it was a plus. 
Food was absolutely perfect! I got "Milanesas a caballo" and it was out of this world ... so yummy! I paired it with a glass of Malbec. It was perfect! 
The portion was way to big for me but I guess it was "regular size" for same other customers. Big for me but not enough for sharing ... too delicious  
I could eat here everyday, unfortunately I live out of the state. 
Great place! Definitely recommend it
So, my Grandfather was a butcher. My Dad was a butcher. Both uncles on my father's side were butchers. I was a pastry chef, then a bartender, then a server...in my opinion, this steakhouse was so delicious and had a cute, funky fresh vibe (and great wine). Sean , our server was warm, accommodating, and admittedly, easy on the eyes! lol
We live in Queen Village and will definitely return! (Especially since Im on a no carb diet!)
To die for!!!
Had a Chilean sea bass with the Russian salad... OMG, great flavor very smooth to the  palate with a delicious and flavored sangria
Excellent place to eat a romantic dinner.  Food and ambience was excellent.  I ordered the parrillada argentina, which is a combination of different meats.  The chorizo was amazing.  Along with our dinner, we order a Malbec called Elsa Bianchi, which the owner recommended.  That was just the icing on the cake.  The service was superb.  Our waitress kept on checking on us constantly and made sure we had everything needed.  The owner of the place also came by and made sure we were taken care for and they had met all of our expectations, WHICH THEY DID!!!  Definitely one of my favorites in Philadelphia now.
As a neighbor, my wife and I are delighted to see a very good restaurant open in the Head House Square area of Society Hill.The owner greeted us at the door and provided an introduction to the Argentinian cuisine. The soup of the day, a vegetable soup with a cream base, was superb.  My wife's empanadas were also very good. The steaks were excellent with a very nice peppery sauce that was not too sweet. The mash potatoes were a bit on the dry side and could have used some more butter.  Although the steak was served hot, the potatoes were curiously served only lukewarm.  Unlike other reviewers, we had no problem with the quality of the service, although there was some lag in bringing the wine when we first arrived. On busy nights I can imagine a possible issue. Still, Malbec has been open only five weeks, and likely still working out the coordination between servers, bar, and the kitchen 

The house wine, a Malbec (of course) was excellent, served in very nice large glasses with narrow stems. There is a very good range of quality wines available, as well as several craft beers. It was refreshing to see some wines starting at a reasonable price point, rather than the $40+ at some other establishments.  

The decor is very pleasing, with a certain rustic elegance. The only quibble we had was the acoustics. We share the concern of another reviewer that this place can get very loud--especially with low ceilings and lack of carpet.  My wife and I had some difficulty having a conversation with parties at only three or four other tables. The background music is not too intrusive in itself, but on top of the din of other voices, is a bit much. The owners should consider hiring an acoustic consultant to advise on ceiling and wall treatments to mitigate the sound issues. 

Overall though, a great new addition to Society Hill. We very much hope Malbec is successful.
Amazing ! Great service food was delicious! Customer service was awesome!I recommend it any time best Argentinian restaurant in town !
What an excellent restaurant! I had a wonderful experience here and am looking forward to coming back again and again. First and foremost, the Filet Mignon was absolutely phenomenal. It is as good if not better than what I had at the famous Cabrera Norte in Buenos Aires. 
The restaurant itself is thoughtfully decorated and has a great ambiance. I particularly liked the layout with the bar situated in the middle and the tables and booths running around the perimeter. This way you never have more than one table in the immediate vicinity of you, which creates a sense of intimacy in the space. 
The owner, Walter, is warm and gregarious. We had a great conversation about his restaurant and I wish him success in his wonderful enterprise!
My favorite steak house in the city.  Portions are huge, meat is well cooked and delicious, and everything tastes just like there. I was in Buenos Aires few months ago and this place reminds me  of there so much. The atmosphere, the music everything.. perfection. The service is also awesome.
Sensational! From the moment my wife and I received our appetizers to our last bite of dessert, we were treated to a sense-filling experience that we didn't want to end. The meats were fresh, cooked to perfection and seasoned delectably. Their house Malbec really allowed us to appreciate the quality of all the ingredients in our well-stuffed beef empanadas, the churrassco, and the rich sea-bass that we shared. The servers and manager were wonderfully gracious, and they will be seeing a lot of us.
Our waiter was so high that after he took our first course order, he just wandered off. After a little while I was able to catch his eye and got him back to finish taking the order. The food was okay. Nothing special. Prices are slightly lower than the best steak houses in Philadelphia. But the quality is also slightly lower. Even though it was my birthday I did not want dessert. I just wanted to get out of there. The chairs are especially uncomfortable. It is as if they chose the chairs so that no one would linger very long. I'm not planning on returning.
My girlfriend and I never ever leave a place without taking any leftovers but at Malbec we ate everything and tried a couple plates... they were booked and had to sit at the bar but luckily we had a great bartender, josh, who prepared very tasty cocktails. We noticed that he was trying very hard to give exceptional customer services and the owner should take in consideration giving him help from barback because appear to be the only bartender. We are definitely coming back and seat at the bar with josh ...
Came here a few weeks ago for restaurant week. Made a reservation and was seated right away. This is a cute intimate spot in society hill. We split the sausage calamari and empanadas which were all delicious!! The empanadas are a must! And while at Malbec you have to get a bottle of Malbec which complimented all of our meals. For the dish I ordered the chicken which included two large size chicken breasts that were grilled to perfection.  And finally topped it off with a leche soaked cake which melted in your mouth. A+ for this place!
If you like flavor that isn't easily replicated then you will love Malbec. Wow. I was so impressed. We got empanadas and churrasco as appetizers and they came out quickly, were reasonably prices and delicious. I got the skirt steak and it was everything that I hoped it would be and more. Cooked to perfection and dipped in chimichurri sauce. Amazing. My wife loved the homemade white cream and strawberry for dessert. The waiter was friendly and informative and the food came out quickly. We live in New Jersey and are already planning out next visit. We were going to go to another popular steakhouse in Philly for my birthday in April but we will be coming to Malbec instead.
Every time we travel to Philadelphia Malbec is a must!!! 
We decided to spend New Year's Eve again in the beautiful city. But before we brought in the new year, we decided to have a fabulous dinner. We went with the prefix menu they had for the night and it was the best decision we have ever made! Everything everything everything from the appetizers to the desserts was AMAZING as usual. We have never been disappointed every time we have dinner at Malbec. Their sangria is amazing but also their signature drinks are to die for! The service is excellent and the staff is like family. We love Malbec!
Just came back a few months ago from Argentina, so to relive some authentic flavors for a nice dinner out was exquisite. 

I've passed this place dozens of times and finally have it a chance. Def good value, and would go again. 

I got a steak and paired it with a Malbec. The provoleta (fried cheese) was pretty amazing and the empanadas also a good start.
Aweful! Insulting! An embarrassment for the tradition of South American Parilla. Parilla this bad we call "Parillada Chilena" (inside joke).

We ordered the Parillada for 2 for like $56 and it was so egregiously bad that I'm literally offended.

First of all, when you serve intestines as a dish you're supposed to wash the sh!t out of the insides. They did NOT. They served grilled intestines filled with dung. As if this wasn't bad enough, the steaks that did include were tiny and thin. The 'blood sausage' was mush and the ribs were also small portions and salted beyond recognition - and I love salty steaks. We ate the steaks just to help fill our bellies because of how much it cost.. big waste of a date night.

Even if everything were delicious this would be overpriced, but it wasn't and it is. I will NEVER return and I hope you read this before going because this place is a scam.
I just wanted to pay Malbec a great compliment. Just had dinner this past week for the 1st time and the food was excellent. We ordered the empanadas which were great. And for dinner I shared the meat sampler for two. It came with a skirt steak, sausage, blood sausage,
sweet breads and ribs . Plenty for two people and also came with side dishes. The drinks
and wine menu were also great and I enjoyed the argentinian music playing. Very nice service and atmosphere. I hope this restaurant is successful in the neighborhood and here to stay.
I came to Melbec Argentine Steakhouse during restaurant week. From the time we entered the staff was super kind and was helpful by being extremely knowledgeable about the food and wine they serve. The steak is on point! The flavors that the meals bring is an adventure in itself. Check out my pictures and find me on Youtube as "Roaming For Chow". I do restaurant reviews!
Great place for a date night - quiet, excellent red wine and empanadas. The steaks were pretty good, though my wife's was under cooked and mine was a little on the salty side. The charcuterie was okay, but it did feature a very good blue cheese. Their chimichurri is fantastic, and served quite liberally. Overall, a good steak house with a romantic vibe, when you're just trying to chill.
The steak was amazing!! The decor was very traditional and elegant. They also had dancers dancing Tango. It was very cool to see that while enjoying a steak and Sangria. The customer service is also on point. Definitely recommend for like a date or special occasion. This is more of a place where you dress up type of restaurant.
Great food and wonderful atmosphere made this a great night for my family on a recent visit. The steaks were cooked perfectly. The chorizo sausage appetizer had a wonderful flavor enhanced by some grilled peppers and a delicious tomato sauce. My wife loved her avocado and hearts of palm salad. The dulce de leche dessert was also wonderful. The only knock on this place is that the service is a little slow, but other than that the food and friendly atmosphere make this a place that I would definitely go again.
Finally made it out to Malbec and we were not disappointed! The intimate setting and overall ambiance was welcoming and made us feel special and taken care of. The bartender was our server and he was amazing! Perfect suggestions attentive service and awesome personality!
I had the paella special and my husband had the platter for two people And it was all delicious. The meat was cooked perfectly and flavorful. Servings were very generous. 
We loved the experience and will definitely be back!
Great place with an interesting vaquero decorated interior design.  Fantastic happy hour that goes from five to eight. Loved the ceviche and empanadas. I recommend staying away from the short ribs. I have had them twice now and although they look delicious they are eighty five percent fat and fifteen percent meat.
Great experience for my first time here. Ordered the empanada as an appetizer (beef and cheese and spinach). Ordered the Bife de Chorizo 16oz boneless w the Malbec sauce as an entree with asparagus for a side. To finish it off we had the best flan I had. Brenda was our waitress and gave us her honest opinion and she was on point with her choices. I highly recommend!
Loved every bite!!  Ceviche was perfectly seasoned!!!  My husbands not big on Latin food and even he enjoyed it...
Came here for restaurant week, and was disappointed. Service was sadly lacking, and the food, with the exception of the skirt steak, was average. The ambience was nice, it has a hippy Latin bar feel to it. 

Our waitress was not timely, she messed up on our orders, and we had to ask for things multiple times.

The appetizers were ok, we had the fried calamari which was soggy.

The skirt steak was the best part of the meal.

The tres leeches was ok.

Overall, on ok experience, no desire to come back.
Our party came upon this rustic attempt at an Argentine steakhouse (maybe en el campo, Che) because the California pizza kitchen/pizzeria-Stella-something had a long wait and there wasn't space in the waiting area where they'd instead squeezed tables for poor diners huddled by the door. I hadn't wanted to eat subpar pizza anyway, but had acquiesced to the misguided foreigner in the group. 
Probably would have gone back if the gel-haired host--at Malbec--with his overly-rehearsed, saccharine voice had just told us the wait-time. You weren't even that busy dude, how'd you forget about us? And I saw you, later, shaking drinks out for the desperate bartender. Good of you to help him *after* he'd endured the dagger stares of the hangry parties waiting for the tables *you* led them to believe would be available. But this review isn't for you, gelhead. 
I am writing this review for the bartender there tonight, Josh. Josh, you deserve way better, my man. Stop selling yourself short. Them useless buffoons just stressing you out. That lumbering sausage-fingered micromanager laying his clammy paws on your shoulders breathing down your back and telling you how to do your job. Fool need to take off his Nordstrom Rack blazer and refill my water. Oh Josh. You don't need this kinda stress.

Food was decent. Busser also knew what he was doing
Came here for dinner with a group of friends. 

The steak itself deserves only 2 stars. I asked for medium rare, but apparently it came out as medium well done. It didn't taste good as a medium well steak either. 

However the appetizer and the drinks were quite good, hence comes the third star.
Loved this place specially the appetizers. The mollejas are really good, as well as the chorizo and morcillas. Cannot miss the empanadas. Also leave space for dessert with the dulce de leche crepes
Made a reservation for 8:45. Still at the bar waiting an hour to celebrate my birthday like a normal person. Kept walking pass telling us "oh 10 min, they are clearing a table now." Hour went by, and they try to make a table in the back right next to the fucking bathroom. Sorry for the foul language very upset as I sit at this bar and constantly be asked my the bartender "they haven't sat you guys yet" there is no way we wait an hour and a family (of course same race as them) sits before us. This was the first and last time we will ever come here. All people of color. Please beware. 

Not to mention when we finally sat down. They waited forever to come and take our order like we have been in your establishment already figuring out what we wanted. Josh the bartender is the best thing to happens to this place. The waiter(god bless her soul) was soo scared of us that she accidentally put her hand in my birthday cake. Ctfu. I'm laughing because I'm not one to really make a big deal out of things but that has never happened to me. 
We shared bday cake with josh because he deserved some having to deal with us at the bar his entire shift lol. The food itself was not worth the wait, drinks made by josh were. My sister kept apologizing for the experience. Not her fault or the waiter. There need to be something done about reservations that are made. I remember going to a restaurant and the host told me and my sister, who were walk-ins, that if there reservation came in we need to get the fuck up. Lol completely understandable. Wish it was the same thing here. Not to mention a family was seated before us. They tried to make it up with what seemed to me like pitty champagne. Was good. Really wish my bday went better. But the party must go on. Added a pic of the fries omg deliciousness and the empanadas. 
Just another point JOSH I don't know how much they pay you but please find somewhere you are appreciated. We had to watch a man scream at him about a poorly made drink that josh didn't even make. No one had josh back. Not even the manager who made the damn thing. Wish you the best Josh.
Had a great meal there during restaurant week. My husband (from Guatemala) and our friend (from Puerto Rico) and his girlfriend (gluten-free) all truly enjoyed our meal, the wine and the atmosphere. Planning a dinner for these folks can be difficult, but this place was delicious. Freshly made empanadas, fresh skirt steak (owner goes shopping for the meats), and delicious flan means we will be back soon. Plus the decor is awesome. All in all, a wonderful meal.
We started off with the bruschetta w/ shrimp and empanadas.  The bruschetta looked great but had absolutely no flavor and I was actually pretty grossed out by it by the third bite.  The chicken empanada was the highlight of the meal.  It was delicious!

Then the entrees came out.  The steak was ridiculously fatty.  Had to cut off and discard huge parts of it.  The pasta w/ seafood was bad.  Room temperature and super bland.  Again, absolutely no flavor to anything.  Very disappointed in these costly entrees.

The ambiance is ok, nothing special.  Food was pricy and extremely bland (except for the chicken empanada).  Service and drinks were fine.  Disappointed in the overall experience because we were really looking forward to it.
Malbec was our choice for the 7th night of Restaurant Week. The crummy weather caused us to be a few minutes late, but we were seated right away.

Julie was our server, and she was very friendly. I ordered the arugula salad, spinach empanada, steak w/ fries, and ice cream. My boyfriend chose the arugula salad, calamari, steak with mashed potatoes, and ice cream. I also had a glass of their red sangria, which was delicious.

We both felt like the food was very nice overall, and that we would return- maybe with out of town guests. Our steaks weren't cooked to the temp that we requested, but I had a view of the kitchen, and they were churning out steaks quite rapidly, so I'm not surprised that happened.
We just tried Malbec this past week for first time....did a pick up during the pandemic.  We found them on the the www.savephillyeats.com website which has also been great for local restaurant support.  They operate very safely as they advertise during these challenging times...well done.  Food was solid right from the terrific appetizers (don't miss the Empanadas...really loved the Ham & Cheese one in particular but all three varieties we had were wonderful) through the Steaks (good size, very tasty in their preparation) to the really memorable Tres Leches cake.  We'd go back for that cake alone!  We also shared an order of their homemade Fettucini with the Walnut Pesto Sauce.  We'd go back for that alone as well....several family members still raving about that today.  We want to go back when the pandemic is over as the atmosphere inside looked very nice as does the Society Hill neighborhood.
It was suggested to me by my hair stylist to try this restaurant. This restaurant did not disappoint. They accommodated us last minute and the food was delicious!!! Steak was perfectly cooked and my branding was also  I gave the restaurant a 4 one because of outside dining, although we had a heater at our table and our waiter could not have been nicer.
Just left and immediately had to write this review because I'm still dreaming about the food. The person I was with had the ribeye with fries and I had the filet with mashed potatoes and we sent our plates back completely clean. It was cooked perfectly with delicious flavor. We each squeezed a tres leche cake in, and sent those plates back clean as well. The service was phenomenal as well. We will most definitely be back.
I went here for restaurant week, the empanadas were a great start, but that was the only good course of the meal. I ordered the steak for my second course and was given a thin cheap cut of NY strip that was seasoned well but tough as a tire. The tres leches cake was good according to the people dining with me, but the flan i received for dessert was bland. Throughly disappointed with the experience.
Carne here with a friend for restaurant week. The food was fine and could be summarized as "can be better elsewhere." The chorizo and empanadas were the best part, and even those were just somewhat above average. We got the recommended skirt steak -- it was cooked right but the flavor was middling at best. The sides are fine again, but nothing special. Tres leches was great; the flan felt rubbery. 

Service was, frankly, abysmal. We waited for half an hour to 45min between every course even though we told the waitstaff we had limited time. Memorably, the flan came out a full 25 minutes after the tres leches...

Overall, a disappointing visit.
Loved it, my steak was prepared to perfection. There was not one bite of fat and the flavor was delicious. Loved the mashed potatoes and salad.  Drinks were great and service was good!
We came here for brunch during restaurant week and it wasn't too busy.  I ordered the Beef Empanada and Omelette de Vegetables.  The beef empanada had a nice flaky crust on it and a mix of egg and beef inside, which I found a little too greasy and suspect that they needed to strain the filling a bit more before using it.  As for the omelette, well I had a hair on my plate and noticed it immediately before the server set it in front of me (see the picture).  It definitely wasn't mine.  The omelette picked up the flavors of the orange that was set up as garnish on the dish and had a hint of butter to it.  The potatoes were fairly standard so nothing special about that.  I had a Diet Coke and was never offered a refill despite having an empty glass for half my meal.  I visited the bathroom before leaving which was a little small but noticeably dark.  Fair to say that I was a little disappointed in my visit.

I don't normally update my reviews so soon after a visit but I must make an exception here due to the lack of professionalism displayed by the owner that I had no choice but to take a star away.   There is 2 golden rules in marketing 101: 1. The customer is always right and 2. If the customer is not, go back to rule number 1.  Writing in caps is equivalent to yelling at me and no customer should ever be subjected to being yelled at over any  medium.  I take pride in writing unbiased, fair reviews based on my experience at each establishment in order to provide a public service to the general public.  The reason why I don't send food back or complain during service is I prefer the well rounded experience so I can provide a review that is based on an establishments best efforts in the ordinary course of business.  As for this experience, I refused to consume any of the food in direct proximity of the hair on my plate, including the crotons, and I had eaten 6 morsels not bites of the potatoes so at least 95% of the potatoes was left on my plate mostly because it just just standard and not worth the carb load.  So next time, a little fact checking with the patron might be nice.
I don't usually write bad reviews for restaurants, especially in this economic climate, but I feel I must warn people not to spend their money at this establishment. 
I went during restaurant week and the food we were served was not worth a 10th of the price we paid for it. The empanadas were really good, gut every other dish ranged from mediocre to terrible. The soup tasted like it was out of a can, the salmon was so dry and bland I could only finish half of it, and I had to request salt from the waiter to rescue the french fries and mashed potatoes. Then the tres leches cake had the texture of cornbread, I kid you not. Restaurant Week is an opportunity to get creative, but the dishes we were served were incredibly simple. If the food is simple, it has to be impeccably made and the food here was anything but. 
The service was also incredibly slow. We probably waited half an hour between our appetizer and entree. I'm guessing there are major problems in the kitchen. Considering the high prices, I strongly suggest you take your hard earned cash to one of Philly's other stellar dining establishments.
By far, the best, juicy, tender, and savory Argentinean steak we have tried!!!! We had short ribs and beef skirts, and sausage. Our waiter, was amazing and suggested the perfect choice of sides. I had a drink called, Valentina, which had the perfect sweetness and spicy added to it. My only suggestion would be to open a restaurant in Dallas, Tx so it can be closer to home for me! Thank you for the amazing food and service!
Decent food, decent drinks, decent service. Went for restaurant week; portions were super small. Regular dinner menu is super pricy, not sure if it's worth the $$
This restaurant was so awesome for our New Year's Eve dinner. We enjoyed everything from the house salads, empanadas, rib-eye steaks, the meat sampler for two -and the French fries and mash potatoes sides. The drinks were also very good. We highly recommend!
We waited 15 minutes for a bubble/igloo which was supposed to have been reserved. Empanadas off the appetizer menu were stellar; calamari: not so much (they were 50% fried peppers.) The first round of cocktails were delicious (I got a tequila drink with a fig ("higo") and my girlfriend got a margarita with rose petals). I asked for the bartender to surprise me with something tequila based and, well...it was truly awful (tasted like bitter campari liquor). The pesto fettuccini with shrimp (camarones) was very good; the plate was kinda small I'd say but it was tasty...the mashed potatoes were bland...the ribeye was supposed to be medium but was actually rare (far more rare than any steak I've ever eaten). They took it back, cooked it further and it came out fine. Our bubble/igloo heater ran out of propane about halfway through the meal (this was a freezing cold night in December); I notified the waiter right away who said he'd remedy it. After about ten minutes I ended up grabbing a heater from a nearby empty igloo myself. The tres Leches was dry in the middle (it's supposed to be saturated). The dulce de leche ice cream was ok. The flan was ok. (Consider this: I'm a gringo and by no means a chef: I've made better tres leches and way way way better flan myself). All of the deserts were decorated with some kind of dulce de leche icing that had the taste and consistency of a highly processed cake icing in a tube. The cappuccinos were good.
I had a good time because my girlfriend took me out to celebrate completion of my degree program; that said, I've been in an exceptionally good mood recently. That said, it took a lot of things wrong to make me write this. Also, I really hate to complain at the risk of sounding like a snob. Plus, on paper the place looked really stellar (in fact, I would have chosen it for an evening out myself.) Unfortunately, I think they have a lot that they need to work on. There were about 3 waiters, 1 runner and one bartender managing about 6 tables of 2-4 people apiece, so from my observation they weren't too strained but I could be wrong. I also know it's COVID but as a hospital nurse, I'm pretty much annihilated every time I'm on the job; these guys didn't appear to be. I've also worked extensively in hotels/restaurants/hospitality so I think that lends me a bit of credibility when it comes to appraising food service. Food service aside, the pandemic/sanitation standards were top notch: the bathroom was pristine, the staff always wore masks (including over their noses, which too many other people often fail to observe). The staff always had on rubber gloves, too. Maybe emphasis on safety end sanitation cost them points in food and service quality. Maybe everyone that worked that night was new. Who knows. I hope though that it was just an off night for them because the place had the ambiance and menu offerings of a really great place to dine.
I've always wanted to try because it smells so good when I'm walking or driving by. So tonight I told my husband I wanted steak but I wasn't sure where to get a well seasoned, perfectly prepared juicy steak from. So I went here (yelp) seeking help & it reminded me of this hidden gem. So my husband and I ate here. We had the calamari (so tender) empanadas (chicken and beef) OMG so flavorful, paella (good, my husband loved it!) & ribeye steak (Bursting with flavor) & it was all delightful. So good I want to go again and order the order foods I seen that I want lol. Our waiter was perfect (Antonella) so bubbly and radiant. Her personality was one of a kind. but unfortunately she's leaving to go back to Argentine in May  (best wishes). We will be returning very soon. It's YUMMY. Just go! (the pictures on here do nothing compared to the taste you'll get) 

Oh one last thing... how can I forget this one small detail that set the tone for all the dishes. The Chimichurri's were AMAZING I ate it on EVERYTHING!
Food was ok the steak had a lot of fat and was overcooked. The igloo was cold even with the small heater in mainly because the edges are not sealed properly.
My second time in Malbec Argentine and it didn't disappoint. I ordered beef empanadas and Morcilla . Yummmm. Not to say that the Parrillada para 2 was outstanding. The meat
was tender, perfect in seasoning and done as per requested. Service was good and tentative. I recommend this place !!!
This place was very cute. My boyfriend and I went here on Valentine's Day and they had a prefix menu (although you could've ordered from the regular menu as well). The menu included an app, entree , and dessert which was $57 each which I guess is a reasonable cost for Valentine's Day. The mojito was delicious very light on the liquor but I did enjoy. The coconut shrimps were okay, the coconut shavings were a bit burnt which was my only issue with it. Both mine and my dates steaks were very juicy and delicious. The entree's were overall the best.  The main reason I gave this restaurant a 4/5 is because of how close the tables were. The only thing separating the tables was a stand up plastic border yet I was still able to reach over and possibly tap the person beside me. I was able to hear the conversations of the people next to me even though they were speaking pretty low. I think they should be more strict about their Covid restrictions.
I recently came to Malbec on a Friday night for date night. 

As always with downtown locations seriously consider whether you want to drive or pay for parking. The closest lot was 25 dollars for the night. No hourly rate. Malbec is a located right on the corner and not hard to find. The decor is sort of old school steak house. Although we sat at a table I saw some booths that were decorated with pillows and decorative cushions. The restaurant is small. Our table was sat in a walk through aisle really close to the bar. I had a fear that someone would walk by and knock something off the table. The atmosphere was loud. I take into consideration that it was a Friday night but the fact that our table sat next to the bar probably didn't help.

We order beef empanada, shrimp bruschetta, filet, skirt steak, salad, crepes and tres Leche. 

The empanada was delicious. The flavor of the beef was really good and the pastry was flaky and crisp. The shrimp bruschetta was okay. There was so much piled on two pieces of toast.  It was a little cumbersome to eat. The entries of skirt steak, and filet were a little lackluster and pricey for what they were. While the skirt steak had okay flavor it did not have a lot of chimichuri on top, which was the main flavor component. My date ordered the filet. While he said the flavor was good, he mention that it was not very hot. We could not decide if it this was because he order or medium rare. Our sides were all fine and I really enjoyed the dressing for the house salad.

As for dessert the tres leche was creamy and good and the crepes were very sweet but had great dulce de leche  flavor.

I gave 3 stars because I thought the food was just okay. The $144 bill did not match the quality of experience that I had here. I'm not sure that I would rush to come back.
