I really wanted a chicken crepe from here, but the online menu said they "may can fulfill" the order depend on the moment. I didn't understand that so I just ordered the lamb manakeesh type flatbread. My wife ordered a potato and cauliflower wrap. 

The taste of my lamb mana was all there, but i was really surprised at how small it was compared to before. All good, I get that's becoming the norm at some places. I pretty much folded it into a wrap lol

My wife's wrap was HUGE and she really enjoyed the flavor. I asked for a bite, but she wasn't in the sharing mood because her wrap was so tasty. Maybe next time she will share. OR maybe I'll just order a wrap.
I have fallen in love with this Lebanese comfy, casual, cute cafe in University City! Beautiful atmosphere, superb staff, and delicious food are all the reasons why I plan on making this one of my "go to" spots. 

The establishment is so clean and spacious, with cute trinkets and decor scattered around. Seating is very causal which will make you feel right at home. As you walk up to the counter to place your order, you'll notice just how nice and friendly the staff is. They are very accommodating and patient with their customers. After placing your order, grab a seat as you wait for them to call out your number. 

I ordered the Chicken Tawook Kabob Platter with rice which came with two sides - I chose the Lebanese Salad and Muhammarah. I waited about 15 minutes for my meal to be prepared and to pick it up from the counter. The chicken was perfectly grilled with ridiculously good seasoning. The Lebonese Salad came with fresh veggies and mint. It was so refreshing and light; a wonderful side to accompany the heavier items (being the meat and rice). Lastly, the Muhammarah was SPECTACULAR. This red pepper and tomato spread was of such unique taste! It also had walnuts which added a great crunch to the creamy spread.

After finishing half of the platter, I was beyond stuffed and had to bring the rest home (which I definitely did not mind - it made for a great midnight snack!). Not only was I walking out with leftovers though - my boyfriend and I were sure to get some baklava to go! We chose one pistachio and one walnut which were both just as delicious as our entrees! Flakey, buttery, sweet, and the perfect dessert size portion. I personally took favor to the pistachio so that will be my choice for next time!

All in all, I had a wonderful first time experience at Manakeesh, and am already looking forward to my next visit! Highly recommended to anyone with a zest for eclectic food!
We got the chicken and beef manakeesh which are Lebanese flatbread pizza. The flavorings were very unique, I thought the chicken one was better. The beef one was strange because it was ground beef pieces instead of slices of beef. I wasn't a big fan of that. 

The left side of the store is a cafe where you order meals and the right side is a bakery with many baklava selections and other Lebanese desserts. They even had coffee, tea, and fruit juices. I didn't get to try anything from the bakery but will definitely be back to try more items.
I been coming to the keesh for a few years now and I've previously been one of those eaters who sticks to an item they like and doesn't venture away. I've been obsessed with their chicken curry crepe so long that when i ordered something new today, i could see the puzzled look on the cashiers face lol

Today's review is about the ginger beef tibs with rice, tabbouleh, and naan. 
The beef tibs were juicy and had that little chard crust on the outsides. I really didn't taste the ginger but i remembered that its west philly post gentrification taste modification so some of the food has been toned down to appeal to a broader audience. No shade to the gens. The tabbouleh was amazing and sooooo fresh! It really balanced out the spice of the beef and rice really well.
I would have preferred  a littlemore beef but overall it was very very filling for the $12 price point.
Thank God! A place that is authentic, delicious, and owned by people of middle eastern descent! Lebanese food is completely different from Indian or Pakistani food. People get confused! Totally different regions. The restaurant is actually quite large; dining area versus bakery area. Manakeesh: Arabic pizzas (large or very mini) with homemade dough and middle eastern toppings. Choices: meat (very tasty), mixed arabic cheeses, zaatar (thyme mixture), or spinach. Try them out! I haven't tried anything else here; only came once. But can't wait to return. Parking in this area at Walnut St and 44th St seems mainly residential. Therefore, I parked at a large Supremo Grocery parking lot. It is very close to Manakeesh (about half a block up on Walnut toward 45th). I suggest bringing a friend and eating at the restaurant (for your first time). Mainly because they use a coal-fired oven for pizzas, and eating it fresh is a must. I might be just a TAD bias because I grew up with these flavors! :)
Where to start... this is one of the few places that offers authentic Mediterranean flavors in Philly. Delicious grilled meats and kabab choices, and the manakeesh (pies) never disappoint. If this is your first time here, I recommend the shish tawook sandwich with some Muhammara on the side, and you can't go wrong with the cheese or sujuk (beef sausage) pies. In case you have a sweet tooth, manakeesh offers a bunch of baklava and sweets options!
What an amazing discovery!  

I have driven past Manakeesh probably about once a week for the past year, always wondering what it was like and mentioning how I wanted to try it out.  This past week, I finally made my way over, and thank god I did!  (I have been there twice since :) )

Manakeesh is a cozy little cafe-like bakery making FRESH from scratch Lebanese baked goods and foods.  They serve Turkish Coffee and other espresso/coffee/tea drinks too.  The menu includes some appetizers, Lebanese flat breads and wraps, and a few platters.  In addition to the main cafe room at Manakeesh, there is a connecting small Middle-Eastern grocery shop with a full smoothie & crepe bar.  OMG.

The first time I was at Manakeesh, I ordered the Turkish Coffee.  It is very strong coffee with Cardamom.  It was served piping hot and was delicious.  I also got a to-go order of the Tabbouleh.  The small is pretty big and was less than $4.  It was full of fresh bright green parsley, amazing.

I had to come back to Manakeesh with my fiance- Middle Eastern food is one of his favorites so it was only right to bring him back and get the full experience.  We ordered the Za'tar Flatbread (with veggies: cucumber, tomato, onion, olives) and we each got a platter- he picked the Chicken Schwarma and I got the Beef Schwarma.  The platters each came with hummus, salad, fresh pita bread, and the meat was served over a very large bed of rice.  We could have just ordered one- it was a ton of food.  

The Za'tar flatbread was outstanding.  I highly recommend trying it, especially if you haven't heard of Za'tar yet.  Get it with or without the veggies- I'm sure both ways are fantastic.  Everything here is cooked in an open-flame oven which gives the bread an amazing smoky flavor.  

The platters were also seriously awesome.  The meat was super flavorful and very tender.  I don't typically like to fill up on rice, but this rice was delicious and worth it.  The hummus was a bit oily for what I prefer but of course it tasted amazing.  I also enjoyed the salad, it was light but had some fresh pita chips sprinkled over top which was a nice touch.  The pita unfortunately came out about 4 minutes after our platters, so I took mine home since it was so big anyway.  It made for a perfect late-night snack that night- still probably the best pita bread I've had outside of Israel.  

This place is legit.  It's the real deal.  Highly recommend.
Healthy and tasty food with a large variety of options. Their falafel salads and platters are great as is their hummus. The shawarma isn't the best I've had though. The added bonus is the coffee shop next door.
Manakeesh is pure & simple a classic on the Philly food scene. This Lebanese bakery and café has been around for a long time and hopefully will be around for a long time to come.  All the on-the-spot baked manakeeshes that they serve are the best I have ever tasted. You can't go wrong with whichever one you order. On this visit I had the cheese and zatar combo - totally delicious!  And from the bakery I ended the meal with a delicious shamiyyat with pistachio on top. All this in a wonderfully spacious and comfortable atmosphere (I think the building was a bank in it's former life) with service provided by a friendly staff.  In warmer weather there's even an outdoor café to the side of the building to enjoy your Lebanese treats while you do your homework or surf the internet. No wonder Manakeesh is so popular!
My intent was to drive home and eat my kafta manakeesh at the kitchen table, like a Human being.  However, I made it barely two city blocks before I was kicked in the head by the spicy, earthy fragrance of the ground lamb/beef wrapped in warm and crispy Lebanese flatbread.  I also noticed that the bag was dripping "meat juice" all over my beautiful leather seats.  I had no choice but to park illegally and tear into this thing.

Bliss and Euphoria!  I can't stress to you enough just how fucking good these flatbread sandwiches are.  The juxtaposition of warm, freshly made flatbread with boldly spiced meat/veg filling is brilliant.   And so cheap!   Half way through eating this sandwich, I wanted to jump out of my car, run down the street, and hi-five a homeless person.  

For dessert, I had a 'nut bar drizzled in honey' - also quite good.   I look forward to exploring the rest of the menu, which includes varied meat/veg options as well as desserts and coffee aplenty.  I did not indulge in espresso, but did note a pretty legit looking espresso machine behind the counter. 

Overall, pretty incredible... well worth my car smelling like lamb and cumin for the indefinite future.
After my third time at Manakeesh, I'm finally ready to write a review. Why three times, instead of my usual pre-review requirement of two? Well...in spite of all the other adoring reviews, and in spite of the fact that Middle Eastern/Mediterranean cuisine is my favorite, I just wasn't having great luck with my orders, until this past Friday. 
So let's start with the best, and work back to most disappointing;
On Friday I ordered a grape leaves wrap for dinner. I knew that I really liked their stuffed grape leaves (or, as known by their Greek name, dolmades) and how can you go wrong with fattoush salad (hold the onions!) and baba ghanoush? Well, they forgot to hold the onions, but they did call me not 5 minutes after my pick-up to apologize and offer to replace the whole meal. I told them not to worry, and I was glad I did (the onions were few and easy to pick out anyway). It was a really great wrap, and a perfect portion. Flavorful and filling, but not too much so. My partner got the falafel platter, which he really liked, but the massive hummus portion packs a punch - you might not want to finish it in a single sitting. 
So I knew I liked the stuffed grape leaves thanks to the ma'ali platter. That was from visit number two. Sadly, that was the only thing I completely enjoyed from that meal (which I shared with my partner, together with a cheese manakeesh). The fried cauliflower, eggplant and potatoes were tasty enough, but so loaded down with oil that I really didn't feel great soon after. As for the cheese manakeesh...I just don't get it. What am I missing?
My first visit was the biggest disappointment. I ordered the cheese and spinach manakeesh. The spinach was so briny I could barely eat it. I guess I was expecting a more Greek-style cheese-spinach blend, and this was not that. I mean, I love pickled cucumbers, but Manakeedh goes super heavy on vinegar and pickled foods, at least on everything I've had.
Not the most glowing review, and it really feels more like 3.5 than 4 stars, but I gave the full 4 because the service is great, very quick, friendly and mindful, and everyone else I've gone with has really enjoyed their food. I'm really tempted to try one of their vegetarian savory crepes, but I'm not sure yet if there will be a fourth visit. Stay tuned.
This place is great.  We've stopped here for dessert numerous times after eating at one of the other fantastic restaurants in the neighborhood, but yesterday we finally went in to try their savory food.  It is very well-priced and delicious.  The pita, puffy and hot from the brick oven, was so wonderful, and it perfectly compliments the creamy hummus.  You have to love the attached Halal grocery store too.
What a great place to come and get some authentic halal and Labanese food! If I lived closer to here I would definitely become a regular. 

I usually get halal food from local food carts so it was nice to come to a sit down restaurant. This was also the first restaurant where I tried specifically Lebanese food, and I honestly wish I had tried it sooner. 

The staff working here is really friendly and made great recommendations for what we should order. We shared a plate of hummus, which is absolutely a must get! It comes with their house made bread, served warm right out of the oven. It was so good I had more than my fair share of it. I ordered the chicken shawarma wrap. The portions here are huge! I saved half my wrap to eat later. And even hours later when it was cold, it was still delicious.
Great food and service, arrived close to closing time and one of the workers gave us the chicken shish tawook he was saving for his dinner!! 
They have very good tea and mint lemonade too
Manakeesh is so good! It's a must try if you're in the area. It is very authentic in flavor. I have so many recommendations. 

I love their cauliflower and batata. They also have a delicious hummus, and baba ghanouj. 

The balilah and the fool are great, flavorful entrees! 

They have a nice mint lemonade. I've also tried the cheese omelet and waffle during brunch hours. I had loved those as well. 

Five stars! Support a great local business!
I'm not the kind of person to give only one star easily. I'm usually forgiving and a pretty easy customer... But yesterday's experience at Manakeesh Cafe was totally surreal.
The star goes to the food, because it looked good, smells good and from the half baklava I stole from my friend, tastes good. The thing is, I could not try the food for myself...
My (male) friend was in line in front of me. He ordered, got his treats and paid. I was the last customer in the line and the man behind the counter disappeared in the kitchen. I waited. He came back out, made eye contact with me, and turned back to the kitchen. I waited again. "They must be busy" I thought, giving them the benefit of the doubt. He came back out again, talked to some people and walked back in the kitchen... At this point, it was kind of obvious he had no intention of serving me. I decided not to make a fuss and just leave.
I'm a pretty plain Jane, generally polite, and I was dressed more than appropriately... What was wrong with me that I couldn't get served in that bakery, I don't know.
Not a good first impression... Thankfully, I'm not one to stick to first impressions, especially when it's about service, so I might give them another shot someday.
I've been eating here for almost 7 years now and never left a review because they were just so awesome and the word of mouth was doing the trick for them. They are always busy, full of customers and just doing well. I was an advocate of this place.  I can easily call myself a Manakeesh veteran as I would order from here atleast once a week. No seriously. I would. 

Why I am leaving this review now is because in the last 2 years or so their service and quality has deteriorated a lot. They are now almost always late with their food orders. Absolutely rude and unapologetic about it and frankly do not care. The Manakeesh I knew used to warm, soft, caring and really welcoming. The quality of food is also now just okay. 

They are still one of the better lebanese fast food restaurants in Philly as not a lot places are as authentic with their flavours as Manakeesh is. Their menu also is very representative of Lebanese cuisine so full props on that. 

Please improve your service, start caring more and really no other middle eastern cuisine serving restaurant would be able to compete with you! 

TL:DR - Service sucks. Food quality is good. Order the Tawook wrap. The Lahm Manakeesh. The Combo Manakeesh and a bowl of Hummus. Best items on the menu.
We headed over to Manakeesh on a warm Sunday night in September. Manakeesh is a really great place for a causal relaxed meal, coffee, a snack or treats from their bakery. The place was pretty full with just a few empty tables inside. There were open tables outside. There was in interesting mix of customers also. Everyone was very friendly. The interior is charming and clean.

The menu is straight forward and everything seemed made to order. The portions were very large. I had the Shawarma and my wife had the spicy fish. Both tasted fresh and the Hummus, salad and French Fries were outstanding. 

We took some Baklava home for dessert and that was also really good. Manakeesh also has a nice selection of coffee and smoothies. I am really happy we finally made it to Manakeesh and I am already looking forward to returning soon!
Manakeesh! I'd been stalking you on Facebook and Yelp, ogling your flatbread sandwiches and exotic sweets. Yesterday afternoon, when I saw a "now deal" on Groupon, I decided that the day had finally come to taste your Lebanese wonders. So I grabbed the groupon and a good friend, and I headed across the river to West Philly.

They have two outdoor seating areas: one in the front, as well as a patio on the side. The interior is open and airy (the building was formerly a bank), with Arabic designs decorating the exposed brick walls. They really did a great job with the space. It's lovely and welcoming.

From the equally welcoming staff, I ordered the following:

-Veggie manakeesh: possibly my favorite of the manakeesh...es.

-Lahm bajeen manakeesh: ground beef with tomato; second favorite. This one and the veggie would be good ones to try first if you're new to this type of food, because they have familiar flavors.

-Kafta manakeesh: ground beef with lamb and parsley. For me, this one fell under the "glad I tried it, but wouldn't necessarily order it again" category.

-Honey manakeesh: this, presumably because of the liquid-y nature of the toppings, came wrapped up instead of flat. It's basically a hoagie-shaped wrap of fluffy bread filled with honey and "sweet cream" (tasted similar to ricotta) that you eat like a giant sandwich, while getting honey freakin' everywhere, like a slob. (Or that might just be me.) My Iraqi friend tells me that back home, this was a standard breakfast for him. I can confirm that it makes a lovely accompaniment to one's morning tea, because I had my leftover half this morning. The honey provides just enough sweetness without pushing it all the way into dessert territory. (They use raw honey, as well.) Love!

-Sfeeha: mini meat pie, which you can order individually or by the half-dozen/dozen. Adorable and delicious.

-Fatayer: mini spinach pie. Same deal as above; almost as adorable and delicious.

-Some type of sweet cake that I cannot remember the name of.

-pot of tea, which is served in a stainless steel footed teapot on a tray with two small glasses, one mint leaf in each. (Completely irrelevant aside regarding handle-less teacups: After burning my hand on many a piping-hot cup of tea in my day, I often absentmindedly wondered why the Asians and Arabs, who drink so much tea, never embraced the whole "teacup with a handle" idea. But now it occurs to me... if it's too hot to touch, it's probably too hot to drink. Hm. Makes a lot of sense, actually.)

So I had quite the mid-east feast on my first visit, but there is still a ton of stuff I want to try. (Nutella manakeesh with banana and hazelnut shavings?! Want/need.) I've made it a personal mission to sample the entire menu.

If I lived in the neighborhood, I could easily spend all day here studying (they have wifi), sipping tea, and snacking on savory sfeehas.
A friend recommended us to come here. We arrived around 8:40 and ordered the chicken shawarma platter. It was a busy night apparently, and we ended up waiting around 40 minutes. However, they were super kind, and gave us free baklava as an apology for the wait. Normally i am not a huge baklava fan, but this one was really good! The chicken shawarma platter was also really delicious, and the hummus was one of the best we have ever had!
The food is good, but I have issues with their service. I ordered just a schwarma (a sandwich), to go, nothing else, and it took over an hour.  Their waiter would twist the cook's arm to make him food immediately, there was no regard or consideration towards addressing my order, and I'd see patrons come and go while waiting for just one sandwich.  The cook supplies the waiter with food quickly, yes, but completely ignores customers who want food to go.
Really nice doors.

Ok, ok, so that has nothing to do with the food but I really did think the doors were rather cool.  Sue me.

Armed with a living social coupon, we chose to indulge in the combo manakeesh (with veggies) and the labneh.  I can't decide which one I liked better.  On one hand, the labneh was on very soft, tasty bread with excellent yogurt, honey and cucumber which made it be light but have a ton of flavor.  On the other hand, the combo had cheese, thyme, sesame seeds and more veggies (olives) on a crusty bread which I'm still thinking about as I write this review.  You might just have to go for both.

On the sweets side, their house made concoction with semolina and pistachio was off the charts.  It wasn't too sweet and it was delicately balanced.  I also got to sample pistachio baklava, this nut bread that was drizzled with honey and a couple more sweet things that I will definitely return for.

The place seemed decently authentic, if judging by the clientele alone and the prices were very reasonable.  The guy behind the counter who was very pleasant walked us "first-timers" through the menu with patience and relative ease.

This is a really good place.
We have been coming here pre-Covid-19 and in general, the food is good but the service is always left to be desired. We visited the place for a quick pickup this past weekend and unfortunately, the disregard for the safety of the customers and the employees was really appalling! the first thing you see is the 2 guys responsible for taking orders,  the cashier, and handing the food to customers were not wearing masks. If you are familiar with the place you will know that the cashier area and the brick oven area (where they make the manakish) are next to each other, and the cashier was constantly talking to the chefs responsible for the brick oven area. While one of the chefs was wearing a mask during our visit, the other one was putting his mask on and off every time he wants to talk, laugh, or interact with the cashier. Which defeats the purpose of the mask. Everyone that was coming out from the back kitchen was not wearing a mask either. They had a ceramic wrap on the counter which is a very poor attempt at having some sort of shield (similar to what you see at grocery stores) since it would not even reach the hight of any average-sized human. The purpose of covering the counter area is to protect both workers and customers, having this wrap way below one's head where anything coming from your mouth will easily land on the other side is pointless. Lastly, the person responsible for bagging the food was constantly touching his face and hair while bagging everything. 
If you care for your safety I would not recommend this place, especially during this pandemic. While the workers might not be infected with Covid-19 (figures crossed) the many people coming in out not wearing masks might be and I guarantee you their germs have at least reached your plastic bag!
I would give two separate rating for this place: One rating for the savory food, another rating for the bakery.

It's definitely a clear 4 or 5 stars for the bakery. Everything I've had there from the baklava to the macaroons are delicious. If you like these types of desserts, you won't be disappointed here. Unfortunately, my dentist tells me that man alone can't survive on desserts. 

I've been to Manakeesh a handful of times now (like probably close to 10) and I've never once been wowed with the food. It's NOT bad-- it's just a little bland. Their flatbread is definitely the star  but everything I've ordered on top of it has only been okay. The pizza just tasted like normal pizza on a flat bread and probably something I could easily recreate at home. I've had the Tawook (chicken on flatbread) and the chicken in the sauce can be a little soggy and a little sour a combo that just isn't entirely pleasing for poultry. I've also had the falafel platter which is actually good-- the falafel isn't oily but it may be a tad overcooked as they're pretty rock hard. I've also had the all Veggie platter which ended up being like 2-3 veggies so it also wasn't really super awesome. 
So in summary, I definitely like this place but it's not what I would call the most flavorful experience of Lebanese food. However, the staff here is really great and nice and fantastic about answering any questions you have about the menu.

Oh and note: they close for prayer from 1-2 so just make sure you get your lunch fix in before 1! They definitely will serve you if you walk in at 12:40 which is really clutch of them.
I came here on a Sunday afternoon with 2 friends to order takeout. The service and the food were both meh in my honest opinion. Although they had outdoor seating, the tables didn't seem far enough apart for it to be safe.

Their menu is quite extensive so we were all able to select choices that seemed like they would be good. After ordering, we sat at a table near the counter waiting for our name to be called. The place was not busy as only a few people came in after us. After a while of waiting, we noticed that several people that had come after us had already gotten their order and left. My friend eventually got up to ask about our food. That was when we realized they'd prepared our orders a while ago but never even bothered to call us up! By the time they gave us our food, it was already lukewarm so they tried to half heartedly reheat it on their stone oven. Given that we remained in the line of sight of the cashier the whole time and the place barely had other customers at the time, there was no reason for them to not call us the moment our order was ready. 

I ordered the chicken shawarma wrap so I can only speak to that. I asked for it to be extra spicy not realizing that they used siracha instead of actually peppers for their spice. I'm not a fan of siracha so that ruined the meal for me to be honest. The chef said he added extra siracha to make it extra spicy, but in reality it just made the wrap soggy and not that spicy. I came home and ate the chicken with some leftover coconut rice I had. That wasn't a bad combo, but I shouldn't have to supplement a meal I paid for with food I cooked myself. 

The hibiscus drink they sold was pretty good so no complaints there from me.

Overall, I wasn't a fan of the food or the service I received. They might have other things on their menu that are better, but I don't think I'll be returning any time soon.
Nice place.

We went here during the peak of Covid and everything was perfect.

The baklava in particular was to die for.

Also, you can't go wrong with anything from the hot food menu.
Over a year later than expected, I finally got back to Manakeesh. It's a bit different than I remember. There's a juice shop add-on where the soda fountains were. I actually tried to come back sooner but they were closed for Ramadan. So after looking over the menu, I was set on trying some different things that caught my eye. This is what I had... chicken shwarma, chai tea hot, basboosa, and a napolean to go. I had a yelp deal and that stuff came to $20... just over it with tax.

Here's why I'm giving 3 stars again. I learned my lesson from the last time, but they didn't. The service was awkward. I said that I wanted a shwarma and just like before I wasn't asked what I wanted on it. I also said that I wanted some desserts so I walked over to the other side. The woman just stayed at the register. I had to flag her down and wave for her to come over. After I chose what I wanted and paid up. I watched the guy making the food (he was stellar) and again I noticed all of the vegetables. So I asked him what comes on the shwarma. He told me and I told him what I wanted... instead. Done deal. I went outside to grab a table. My shwarma came out, but my tea didn't. I had to go back in and ask for my tea. She flat out forgot.

The shwarma itself was pretty good. It was my first time trying it. It looked a bit different than what I had seen elsewhere, but it's not a big deal. I definitely want to try some other varieties. The basboosa (semolina cake?) was good... thick and syrupy. It had an interesting texture... a lot like cornmeal. The tea was alright, but I thought it was a bit over priced for the small cup. But I do know chai costs a bit more. Now for the napolean... I waited maybe an hour and half to eat it. And the top layer was so hard it bent up my plastic fork. I had to really let it sit in my hot kitchen for a couple of hours for it to soften up. When it finally did I really liked it, but it was mushed up from earlier. Did they give it to me frozen? What if I wanted to eat it right away?

Also, there were indeed paper towels in the bathroom this time. Other than that, a couple brought their dogs to the outdoor patio. I didn't appreciate that at all. Period. Not to mention some woman parked her double baby stroller in front of the patio doors and walked away. On the plus side, there was a shift change while I was eating so when I returned my dishes the new cashier was MUCH friendlier and much less awkward.
I don't know what the heck is going on with Manakeesh lately. It's some kind of upheaval going on there and it is making the service really bad. I go here with my home girl all the time but until they get it together we might be going somewhere else. Went today and it was nowhere to seat, the Muslim ladies that where working the juice bar where extra snappy, sassy and short (so unbecoming of Muslimas). They where taking so long to cook my omelet I just asked for my money back. The guy at the main counter, I'm assuming English was his second language. I asked him if he rang my drink up 3 times....he said yeah. I pick it up and go to walk off and he almost chased me down saying I didn't charge you for that!!!  Too top it off, I guess the Muslim lady at the Juice bar was trying to be stank cause she saw me and my home girl coming out with strollers, she has twins by the way, and she just intentionally stood back arms folded watching us struggle with the heavy doors. on the way out. 

I was curtious enough to hold it for her though when I would have been well within my rights to let it slam in her face.

Manakeesh won't be getting my money again anytime soon.
A friend of mine had a nearly expired GroupOn and generously asked if I wanted to spend it with her for lunch at Manakeesh.

I've never been to Manakeesh, it's a little off the beaten path for me. Walking from my workplace in University City to Walnut and 45th felt a little bit scary, but I had my "city face" on. 

Once you get inside the restaurant, it's a whole different world from West Philadelphia's neighboring blocks. Whoever renovated this spot did a wonderful job. The lighting is just right, it's created by beautiful hanging fixtures. The walls are adorned with gorgeous fabrics and wallpapers. You can see right into the kitchen where the chef loads the flatbread "manakeesh" into the fire.

I ordered the vegetable manakeesh and we split an order of baba ganoush with a pita. If I was to make one complaint, it would be that I felt bloated for 24 hours after our meal. That was entirely my fault for stuffing my face with the delicious flatbread. The manakeesh had a mildly spiced paste of vegetables and sliced celery on top. I had the option to have cheese, and I asked for the salty Lebanese cheese on top. The baba ganoush was delightful, but I'd rather have had something other than bread to dip into it. 

Dessert: don't leave without ordering something sweet. We split some sort of honey-flavored, cream filled, semolina concoction. Delightful.

This place is very inexpensive. The manakeesh I ordered was under $5, the baba ganoush under $4. The proprieter saves money on staff by having you bus your own order from the table. The food itself came out fairly speedily, so it makes a good spot to sit for an hour lunch break.
WARNING, mini rant alert.....

A couple of years ago while at NYU I met a Pakistan guy and he took me on a date to eat some of his culture food. I had some lamb dish with a bean mix that had a lot of oil and loads of pita bread. All in all, I HATED lamb after that (the guy too....we'll not hate but you get what I'm saying. He was annoying and pompous) so I promised NEVER to eat anything that resembled that meal.

Now that it's half a decade later, I've clearly matured and wanted to try something different then my usual choices of consumption. Although I wasn't a dare devil and made a safe choice, I had lamb again and boy oh boy was I in for a MAJOR surprise at this place. My Gyro was soooo DELICIOUS and hefty. The lamb was NOT over cooked, over seasoned and did not leave a nasty after taste. The wrap was pure awesomeness and super soft!!!! You can actually split one Gyro with two people.

This place will be in heavy rotation! 

Lemonade was too tart and I didn't like the location of them because the lid is cut wide open at the top. (front of the register where people are talking and placing their order). Either change the cups or place them on top of something.

Customer service was straight forward and price was cheap. My meal was $12.00
For the past two years, I've always made a visit to Manakeesh whenever I was in town.

Food (8.5/10) = I've been quite habitual with Manakeesh, ordering the the Tawook (marinated chicken) flat bread + iced coffee every visit.  If a killer combo works, why change it? I love the flavors of the Tawook.  The real story with Manakeesh are the baklavas.  They make many kinds, but my favorite ones have the pistachios.  Manakeesh probably has the best baklavas in town.  Tried a date filled cookie on my most recent visit to this neighborhood establishment, and it was really good.  Will probably get a batch of baklavas and these date-filled cookies to take with me before I  leave town.  Bottom line, the pastries at Manakeesh are fantastic.

Ambiance (8.5/10) = cool decorations from floor to ceiling.  The beautiful display for their pastries makes it hard not to get something.  

Service (8.5/10) = great service, and always with a smile.  The first time I visited Manakeesh, I had no clue what to order.  The folks took the time to give me recommendations, and also informed me about the different baklavas they make.  Everything sounded good, and I ended up buying 2 of each type of baklava.

Overall opinion = West Philly is certainly lucky to have this special neighborhood restaurant.  It's a sure thing that I will continue to visit Manakeesh every time I'm in town.  If for some reason you want to deprive yourself by only getting one thing from this place, get the Baklava.
I went there recently and the cashier was really rude. The food got a lot worse since I been there a couple of months ago. I guess this happens to many restaurants as the become famous they think that people will come back whether their food is good or not. And by bad I mean really bad food, the babaganoosh was so garlicky, and the manakeesh were wet and tasteless, and the falafels tasted like dog food it was really disgusting. We didn't finish our food and I didn't even bothered to tell them because at that point there was nothing they could do to better my experience. Im highly disappointed.
First time I ate here-- 
I can't ever remember eating food with more garlic. I had the marinated chicken manakeesh. I'm a garlic fiend. I love garlic but this was so much that I decided it would have to be a "once every six months" kind of place for me. We also ordered some other manakeesh which wasn't as good because it didn't have that pungent yogurt sauce on it, hummus, something else and a dessert. The dessert wasn't that good and was kind of expensive. 

I absolutely loved the atmosphere--the painted dishes, lighting, tapestry on the walls.
They even offered me a cup for water when I declined a bottled drink.
I eventually realized that the guy at the counter was so extremely friendly because he was flirting with me in front of my boyfriend.

The second time I went, my experience was not as pleasant and the food was definitely not as good.The first time we went, I didn't buy the Yelp Deal even though I could have as I found this place through yelp.

Two people at the register didn't know how to use the Yelp deal, so the owner came out to do it. We wanted to add an order of falafel to our order of a chicken shwarma platter and a beef shwarma platter. The owner made a joke, I guess, and said maybe next time when I'm not using a yelp deal I could come back and get some because they were all out. This made me extremely uncomfortable. If he didn't want to honor the promotion, why did he sign up for it? This was the first time I ever used a yelp deal, and made me feel like I was cheap or something. Of course, a large line piled up behind us and I felt responsible for holding other people up.

The food itself was not very good. The chicken and beef shwarmas seemed to have different spices and a lot of ginger in the beef. I didn't like it that much because all of the meat was like chopped in little teeny tiny pieces. I mean minuscule, chopped, tiny pieces. I was hoping the chicken shwarma would have been like the chicken that is sliced off of the spit. The salad was ok, the hummus ok, and the large portion of basmati rice really dwarfed the meat even further. The portion of beef was significantly less than the chicken. It was somewhat funny that my boyfriend and I sat picking at the chicken, thinking it was beef, until the beef came out. The beef had a tangy, vinegary flavor. I really did not like either. I did like the homemade pita, but not enough to save the experience.

We drove across the city to come here and definitely will not again.
I don't know why anyone bothers eating fast food when you've got Manakeesh around. Best pizzas I've had in ages. Or rather, Manakeesh-es? Definitely go for that eponymous dish; I had no idea what a Manakeesh was before I visited here. 

Everything else on the menu was real tasty and affordable too. They have tons of vegan pies and wraps too, and a falafel bowl is a great party snack for everyone. The pastries here weren't too sweet, which is exactly how I like my pastries. If you're into that, definitely give their cheesecakes a run.
Review based on delivery 
(2/2015)

I have walked by this place and can tell it's a popular place to eat and/or shop for some specialty groceries.  
I ordered through GrubHub after seeing the pics of all the types of manakeesh.  Labanese pizza?!  I love love LOVE pizza, so I was intrigued. 

Ordered the Lamb Lahm Bajeen Manakeesh, Spinach and Cheese Manakeesh, and the Gluten Free Platter that comes with hummus, baba ghannoush, falafel, fattoush, and grape leaves.

Delivery was faster than expected which was an awesome surprise since I was starving.  The estimated delivery time was about an hour to an hour and fifteen minutes, but delivery arrived around 45 mins.  Awesome!

Now this is where they lose stars.  They deliver their flatbreads, folded in half.  So it's more like a quesadilla than a pizza.  I would recommend that maybe they could invest in some recyclable pizza boxes for their Manakeesh items, so these could be delivered flat.  I was able to unfold the lamb one, but the spinach and cheese was a fail because all the toppings ended up on one side.  Definitely disappointed by this.

I did like the flavors/spices in the lamb.  The spinach and cheese was nothing spectacular to report.  Also, the platter was pretty standard.  I've definitely had better falafel and I had to reheat them since all the other items of the platter were cold which made the falafel arrive cold as well.  Enjoyed the baba ghannoush and the stuffed grape leaves. 

All in all, I would have rather ordered an amazing pizza from somewhere else and be more content with that, then with what I've sampled from here, especially if you compare that with the money that was spent on the above.  
I won't be ordering delivery again, but would be up to  going and having a sit-down meal at this spot.
Pretty terrific baklava.  Baklava is one of those things that I have a hard time walking past without tasting.  The baklava here is one of the better that I've had, a nice balance of honey, pistachio, and flaky filo.

Very tasty coffee.  The Turkish coffee was exactly what I was looking for.  I also tasted some sweet coffee drink with raspberry in it that was surprisingly good.  

The Beef Shaarma (wrap with spicy beef, tahini sauce, tomatoes and herbs) made for a great meal on the go.  The bread made for a good base of the wrap, the beef was tasty and juicy.  

I'd like to go back and try some more.  The juice bar looked interesting, but we needed caffeine at this particular moment.  

There was no room to sit when I was here, this place seems pretty popular.  I can see why.
BEST DESSERTS IN UNIVERSITY CITY. amazing baklavas, i especially love the pistachio ones! it's impossible to decide from all the baklavas available, so i'd recommend to just order all and share with a few friends!

the manakeesh were hit-and-miss - chicken was good, but the shrimp was too salty, spinach and cheese was good, but the lamb was strange. (do order and eat here, a manakeesh tastes best freshly baked, not sitting around in a takeout box)

excellent service all round, and this is a very feel-good place that's great for when you want to study, eat, or just relax with friends.

two very enthusiastic thumbs ups!!
Update to my review because I've eaten more food here and it's wonderful! Portion sizes are great, especially for the price. My friend had the baba ganoush and it was incredible. I couldn't stop eating his food. I ordered the beef shaarma and the portion was huge! Everything was so yummy. They cook the meat perfectly, add tomatoes and pickles, topped off with some house made sauce. I don't even like pickles, but I loved the way it all tasted together. I plan on coming back and having some manakeesh. I got an whole tea pot with my meal. Once again the house black tea is a hit. I love this place!
I love Manakeesh. I have been having beautiful meals, great conversation and sunny porch lunches at this place since it opened. And they just keep improving! They recently redesigned the dining area and coffee shop space (Bliss). If you are up for a hearty Lebanese meal filled with creamy hummus, perfect chicken shawarma (and some of the best fool) proceed to Manakeesh immediately. You will be greeted by friendly faces, a beautiful dining area and Bliss directly to the right, where you can order all the good Lebanese coffee, delicious crepes and absolutely delightful smoothies. (I would be remiss not to mention the best baklava). Honestly, there are way too many menu items that are overly delicious to include in the review. I've never had anything I haven't liked here. And they are always improving and adding new things. The patio on the side of the restaurant is beautifully quaint and on a warm day it is the best place to share your meal with friends or alone with a book. This place makes me happy.
Definitely look at the menu ahead of time before heading to Manakeesh. Otherwise you'd be standing behind the counter for a bit or even worse, holding up the line while you decide what to order! 

Food was great at this fast casual eatery and extra points for having Sriracha (do it). I can't get used to Turkish coffee, though. Can't wait to come back to try everything else on their menu.
Manakeesh was SO GOOD. I was excited to try out the restaurant, but was cautious because a few friends whose opinions I really respect had given them 3-star reviews. My experience was absolutely 5-star caliber. 

The menu is extensive. I'd checked it out online before heading in and still was somewhat overwhelmed by all of the options. So that you can reduce the awkwardness of staring above the head of the guy at the counter, they have printed menus available. The cashier was also very helpful for suggesting what we might want to eat. I went with Lauren S, and on her recommendation we decided to share hummus, the shawarma manakeesh, and the honey manakeesh. The shawarma manakeesh was the least exciting of the things we received - it was fine, but not exciting enough that I would order it again. But oh my goodness was everything else delicious. The hummus had great flavor - almost a little lemony. The small was the perfect size to share among the two of us and was served with warm flatbread. I knew we still had 2 flatbreads to go but could not stop eating this. The honey manakeesh was delicious. I would seriously eat this for any meal - breakfast, lunch, dinner, dessert, 2am drunk food, whatever. It is delicious sweet cream and honey wrapped in warm flatbread and I want to ask it to marry me. 

After all of that, we still managed to find room for dessert ... rather, about 6 desserts. During our meal we were tantalized by the display of many different pastries. When we walked up to order we were again stricken by the paralysis of a million delicious options. The owner very patiently answered every single one of our questions, which all boiled down to, "What is this? What does it taste like? Do we want to eat it? Do we want to eat it more than the thing you just told us about which sounded delicious?" Because we have no impulse control we basically ordered everything that looked good. It was all delicious. I couldn't tell you what everything was called so just point at whatever strikes your fancy and eat it, you won't go wrong. 

I have to mention that one of the highlights of our meal was the owner's son - who looks to be around 9 years old and was helping serve food when we visited. He was absolutely charming and helpful, bringing us our food, checking to make sure we didn't need anything, and happily discussing dinner and dessert choices with us. It was a pleasure to see that the whole family is involved in this family restaurant!
So so so wonderful. Wonderful for the community - someone has finally taken that beautiful old bank building and done something with it. It's casual but warm and classy on the inside. The food is very inexpensive, well and freshly prepared, and delicious. They have a proper espresso machine, a friendly staff, and FINALLY another place to grab breakfast in the morning or meet up with a friend. I have to say, I was so tempted by the sweets that I almost had cake for breakfast, but my labenah manakeesh was wonderful. I'll be back again and again.
I blame this place for 10 pounds I need to lose.  Thanks.  

Food is spot on every.single.time.  I love the chicken tawook platter.  

Attached bakery is especially cruel.
I started coming here when it first opened many years ago. I don't come here as often, but when I come I always enjoy their food. Their main savory section do not open until 10am, but it takes a bit to heat up their oven. However, they serve drinks, crepes, and various Lebanese sweets earlier. If you have not tasted their baklava, please try them soon. I especially like their cashew baklava; their baklavas are just sweet enough, phyllo right texture of crispness, and generous amount of nuts. Every time I come here I try different food. I have to still say Saad's wraps and kebabs outdo Manakeesh, but Manakeesh's hummus, tabbouleh, grape leaves, and of course, manakeesh are very good. 

The ambiance is nice, on a nice day you can eat indoors or outdoors. It gets quite crowded later in the evening, so I usually go there earlier. I am simply happy we have Manakeesh, along with other delicious Middle Eastern places in West Philly. I usually just walk around so parking is a non issue for me, but if you do drive parking can be a bit tough. If you are not lucky to find a parking nearby, just prepare to walk couple of blocks.
I moved to Philly from NJ about 6 months ago and have been looking everywhere for a Turkish/Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food without much success, kind of spoiled after having Efes (my best friends Dad is from Istanbul and claims its better Than most of the food there) in Princeton/New Brunswick, best baklava I've ever had in the whole world including the places it comes from. I have to say not only was Manakeesh equally good for the desert, but I think they made the best hummus I've ever had after trying 100+ kinds over the years (it's my go-to appetizer) probably on par with Zahav except a fraction of the price and maybe 10% better. Also not sure what the name is but the warm
Hummus w chickpeas in it was phenomenal too. Lebanese salad was a little bland but super fresh and definitely a huge portion so still gets 4.5/5 stars. Can't wait to order this again, finally found my Philly Efes!
----------update
It's been about a month and after several additional orders including the Fatteh which is one of the best things I've ever had, I have to say this place is true gem, We have ordered about 20 things off the menu and they have all been above average, and I've only had delivery, am looking forward to stopping by some day soon to eat there.
Oh man. I was never all that much of a fan of baklava and Lebanese pastries. But one visit to Manakeesh changed all that. All of the pastries were moist and delicious. And who knew that there were like five versions of baklava?

They also have a smoothie bar that looked really good and they serve coffee and flatbreads too. Haven't tried them yet but if they are half as good as the pastries...
Mmm loved being take out from here! I ordered via their website, I was a little surprised to see all the sides cost extra, but it ended up being a lot of food with good proportions so I'm fine with it. My favorites were the curry chicken shawarma and baba ganoush with the pita bread. The beef was a tad tough, but my husband enjoyed it. The shawarma seemed to have more meat versus the kabob. 

It was busy on a Saturday night, it would have been helpful if they had a separate pick up line rather than us having to wait in the line where people were placing orders.
DEAL ALERT: I've come here twice with livingsocial deals and despite the fact that this is way further away from center city than I usually go, it was totally worth it. If I lived closeby I'd definitely be here a lot. I saw people studying and hanging out here and it just seems like a great place to chill out and eat delicious food.

SERVICE/VIBE: The staff is friendly. Atmosphere is very casual, relaxed, and nice.

FOOD:The portions are huge for the prices, we took home a lot of food for $20, even after 2 people eating a lot. The baklava is great, so is the hummus, and baba gannouj. Tried the shawarma manakeesh and the lahm bajeen manakeesh and both were great! Pita is fluffy, warm, delicious, and huge.

VERDICT:Will definitely go back if I'm in the area or if a deal comes up, or maybe even if I'm feeling like some really good hummus and pita.
Being from the Middle East and knowing this food category pretty well, I'd say that I was skeptical when my sister and brother-in-law told me that this place was "amazing". We ordered a whole spread of flat breads along with mint tea and I was shocked by just how fresh everything tasted. I had just gotten back from a two week trip to the Middle East, so I can honestly say that this is as close to being there as it gets when it comes to finding manakeesh in the US. I've tried places in NJ and NY but Manakeesh in Philly has the best zaatar and cheese flat bread I've had in this country!
Love Manakeesh. Consistently some of the freshest baba ganoush, hummus, and labneh in the city. Amazing (and inexpensive), especially on a hot summer day: lots of light little snacks to cool you down. 

The three stars is for the experience, NOT the food!

My friend and I stopped in last week, on one of those stinky summer days. While the food was light, refreshing, and flavorful as usual, ordering was chaotic, and we were both a bit unnerved to see some of the counter AND kitchen crew wearing their masks incorrectly. 

Ordering: it's counter service, with outdoor seating. So.... do we sit at the seats first and someone comes out? Do we order at the counter, grab our food, and bring it back to our seats? The entire thing was confusing, and a lack of signage or instruction from the cashier made it even moreso. Even just a verbal heads up from the cashier would have done the trick: "You can go wait by that counter for your food." Something! Definitely a little awkward.

But whatever, I can put up with awkwardness... the masks though? Please just wear them correctly. It's a shame, but I probably won't come back for this reason alone. 

Like I said, great food, but the entire experience was a little awkward/unnerving.
My coworkers and I ordered from here for delivery.  The delivery charge was five dollars, which was unexpected for a delivery not more than two miles away.  No utensils were included and the bag with the hummus was not positioned right, so the large container slid on its side and oils leaked out.

One coworker ordered the laam bajeen and was disappointed that there wasn't any tomato sauce on it.

I'd ordered the shwarma platter and there was no pita with it.

The menu mentioned free baklava with a call-in delivery order, but there wasn't any included.

We spent about forty dollars with tax and tip, not including the delivery charge, and while the food was OK,  it simply isn't worth it.  

I note that the paper menu does say delivery, but Grub Hub doesn't.
Manakeesh is my new go-to for lunch. The delivery is always quick and the food is so good! The falafel platter is AMAZING. Hands down the best falafel in the city... yes I just said that. The fattoush salad is delicious and the pita is to die for. Hummus is good, but I've had better. Will definitely be back to try more things!
Really couldn't think of a reason to do less than five stars.  The food is super, especially for the price.  I'd recommend hitting this place up when the weather is nice enough to enjoy their private little patio area.  The spinach and cheese manakeesh and the pistachio baklava were the food highlights for me.  
The staff members were among the most friendly I've ever encountered in Philadelphia - no exaggeration.  They were so curious about whether or not I liked the food - that's a first!  
Their homemade hot sauce is also a treat - make sure you drizzle.
I've been here twice for take out. Both times they messed up my order. The first time I let it slide. The second time I asked for a refund. They refused. So, I did a chargeback. Caveat emptor: if you order food here, and they mess it up, they do not want to accept responsibility.
I can understand the plethora of four- and five-star reviews, but I'm gonna have to go for a three on this one.  The food was very solid, but there were a few quirks of the service that makes me knock them down. We were a group of 8, and some of us ordered together (groups of 2 or 3) and others flew solo.  It was not the easiest of groups to manage, I suppose, by nevertheless...

The hummus and baba ghanoush made a great opening act.  The bread came out hot, and piping fresh.  But then the server came back and TOOK AWAY a piece of bread!  He gave us 1 too many apparently.  And he took one away just as my friend was tearing into it!  Weird, right?  I mean, fine, maybe you should only get 2.  But it's bread, not truffles!  And PS, bread adds $1 onto the price of each of these; if you hold your horses, you can use the bread of your manakeesh and forego extra. 

Then the manakeesh started flowing, and the server just kind of put them down without explaining which was which, leaving us all to fend for ourselves in figuring out who got what and whose was whose.  It was finally sorted, and I will say that the chicken tawook was my favorite.  Moist chicken, great garlic sauce.  The hot cheese and red peppers was pretty disappointing in the lack of cheese.  The lamb lahm bajeen was also tasty.  Falafel was solid.  Then we realized two orders of labneh never came.  So we went to ask for them, and then they arrived.  

Pretty much everyone got a fresh lemonade ($4) as well.  They came, without ICE!  Apparently they were out of ice... so so much for our thirst quenching, cold lemonade.  It comes with a free refill, as well, so there was ice in time for that as they ran out to get some.  But two ice cubes in the refill didn't really cool me down.  And worst, I highly doubt the lemonade could fairly be called "fresh".  

So, all in all, decent food, weird quirks of service, but the prices are good, so, perhaps I'll make a repeat appearance.
The desserts at Manakeesh are very good but pricey.  I especially like the date ones.

This is the first place I had manakeesh, which is like a flatbread pizza with different toppings -- some flavours I like better than others, so I definitely want to try some more.
Delicious middle eastern food in a serene setting. The spinach and cheese manakeesh was oozing flavor and it was fun watching it be made. Didn't try the pastries but they looked amazing!
I grew up eating tons of Middle Eastern food and really want to find a place to get my fix of it in Philly.  I heard this was the best place around, which doesn't bode well. 

The staff behind the counter move at a snail's pace.  We had to wait 15 minutes in line just to place an order.  I have heard from others that this is typical.  It was hard to find a table as this place feels more like a coffeeshop with people sitting on laptops and working.  There was a big leak in the ceiling and a huge bucket splashing full of water next to us.  The place was chaotic and dirty.

The food was average and expensive for what it was.  I said I would never go back here.  About 6 months later I went to a party with catered Middle Eastern food.  It was really, really good.  Turns out is was from Manakeesh.  Shocking.  Perhaps it tastes better when you are not in a dirty, slow, cramped environment?
If I could give zero stars I would. I do not support this behavior and I call on them to fire this individual for the attitude given to me. See photo and post for more details. Arab worker threatened to hit girl customer although girl was calm and did nothing wrong.
SUMMARY: 3.5/5
Overall, Manakeesh is a solid lunch spot for delicious Lebanese platters and desserts! The Chicken Tawook is a highlight, and you should definitely check out the bakery for some yummy snacks, as well. For Penn students, the store is just a "short" walk north of campus and also has a cafe area with free WiFi to study at. The food is delicious and definitely worth checking out, albeit the wait may be a bit long and the prices just a bit high. 

FOOD & VALUE: 3.5/5
My boyfriend and I shared a Chicken Tawook platter with hummus, fattoush, and fries on the side. (We weren't feeling that hungry which is why this, along with our dessert and drink, was more than enough for the two of us.) The chicken was definitely our favorite part -- super tender and full of flavor. The salad was also really fresh and paired really well with everything else on the platter. The fries were great, as well. We also ordered a fresh lemonade at the register.

While we were waiting for our food, we also browsed the bakery section and couldn't resist ordering a hot kanafe (a dessert made of semolina, sweet cheese, and syrup). The cheese filling was very thick and creamy, and made us super full. But as someone who had never tried a kanafe before, this was definitely a great first experience. 

In terms of value, I would say that the prices are a bit on the pricier side. In all, we spent around $25 for a single meal with a drink and dessert split between two. While the sides are huge, we wished that they gave us more chicken because it felt like we were just getting full off the fries. 

SERVICE: 3/5
As other reviewers mentioned, the wait is a bit long and it's a bit confusing trying to figure out whether your order had been called. We ended up just hanging around the counter instead of sitting at our table because we didn't want to miss picking up our food. 

EXPERIENCE: 3.5/5
The setup and ambience of the store doesn't feel like many other lunch spots I've been to in West Philly. The outdoor seating area is really nice to eat at, especially during the summer. The store itself is really big with lots of seating. Also, free iced water and WiFi. Would definitely come back!
This place is really great for a quick bite, any meal of the day, a coffee, a sweet and much more. They offer casual Lebanese/Arabic food. This place is pretty much always packed or just a few empty tables. 

The menu is straight to the point and offers the staples in quick Arabic food. The manakeesh are fresh and very delicious. They aren't shy with the toppings either. I had the combo which is zaatar & cheese. They offer a variety of different toppings such as meat, veggies and so on. 

You will also find the basics like sujuk, kofta and shawarma. The shawarma was so delicious. Flavor was there and it was definitely fresh. 

If it's Arab sweets that you are craving than this is the spot. All the traditional basics are there;baklava, kataifi and mamoul. They also have a nice coffee selection and even Turkish coffee which is hard to find (well, at least good Turkish coffee!) in this area - or anywhere outside of the ME. There's a smoothie bar also available! I'm really happy that I found this gem! Brings me right back to the Middle East
Manakeesh is the ultimate restaurant for the smartphone addict. They take deals from every chic mobile restaurant  thing, including foursquare(free dessert), yelp(yelp deal and check-in discount), localty, and levelup. 

 They have a peanut butter cup thing that is phenomenal. The hummus is good. The manakeesh is basically their version of flatbread and the chicken schwarma is very good.

Oh yeah, this place is super cheap for the quality of the food.
Turkish. Coffee.

TURKISH. COFFEE.

TURKISH! COFFEE!

This is how your thoughts look on Turkish coffee. Don't worry, it's more exuberant than threatening. Once that thick slurry of coffee, cardamom, clove, and other stuff that my palate isn't sensitive enough to detect, you get that nice, warm jolt of WAKE UP HOMIE IT'S TIME TO WRITE A NOVEL.

I come here with a friend for three to four hours at a time, sit in the cafe area, get me a big pot of Turkish coffee (TURKISH! COFFEE!), draft maybe 1500 or 2000 words, and then browse yesterday's baklava ends to bring home to the missus, and fail at that because I've eaten most of them by the time I get home, telling her that they didn't have any left through my fillo-crumbed lips.

Bonus points: everything from the charcoal grill is delicious, as well as the mint tea.
Ordered delivery because Manakeesh is one of the ONLY places in Philly that does shish tawook and my partner was craving it! He was NOT disappointed - both his chicken shish tawook (kind of like a chicken kebab, but heavy on the paprika?) and my chicken shawarma were excellent. Sides were also good - we got the labneh, the muhummarah, and the tabbouleh (which was my favorite!). Prices were great, too! Definitely will revisit soon.
This was my first trip to the cafe/bakery. They have a special price on fruit smoothies on Tuesdays -$3 each. The bakery had a good variety of cakes, cookies, and middle eastern desserts. My friend got a mango smoothie, with you hurt, and loved it. I looked at the menu on the cafe side and will return for lunch. I'll update my post once I do that.
I am on a Manakeesh moratorium. The food is soo good that I had to quarantine myself , hoping that none of my friends would bring it to my house or that I wouldn't be in that part of neighborhood. 

Hello. My name is Brooke and I have a Manakeesh problem. 

Everything. Is. Good. 
Get the za'tar and do not share it with anyone. These meals really should be share with friends and loved one but if you order for a group, get one za'tar for each person. The sujuk (spicy sausage) is my favorite however the vegan falafel is fantastic/amazing. 

Their baklava is literally the best I've ever had. I watched a friend of mine eat twelve pieces of it in celebration of passing the bar. Yikes!!!! 

The restaurant is really warm, with the owners almost always running around in the background. Delivery is prompt and the delivery guys know enough about West Philadelphia that they know where my house is (it's confusing to some). 

In summation, even if you put your finger down on the menu (blindly) you will find something fantastic to consume.
So I had to give this place another shot, since the first time was only based on delivery.  Bf wanted a fruit smoothie so, after doing a short Yelp search, I settled on going to Manakeesh. (And for my own selfish reason of wanting some falafel).

It was a gorgeous Sunday afternoon and we sat outside.  (Love spots with outdoor seating!) You have to order inside first, but they'll bring it out to you.  

This time I got the falafel platter and bf got a fruit smoothie and then the lamb platter.  The falafel was dry and stale.  And you know why?  Because they are pre-fried and then sit in a foil container awaiting to be reheated, for who knows how long!  No bueno dudes.  
The salad was abundant and the hummus was satisfactory.
I would choose the lamb over the falafel but only if I had to choose between the 2.  It was more flavorful and the rice was nicely cooked.  Salad and hummus accomapained that platter as well.
I'll give it up for their fruit smoothies.  Delicious!!  For the price, you get almost a meal in a cup.  So, Manakeesh, You've earned another star with me.  But I still am not impressed with the food I've had, especially for the cost.  

I will probably find myself coming here yet again to try something different... because I do believe third time can be a charm, and because I'm an optimist. 


(Review update for lunch 4/12/2015 )
I am so glad that there was a sample of baklava on the counter one day. Otherwise I would not have ordered any, since I thought I didn't much care for baklava. But I was wrong. I don't care for that tough, soggy, sticky stuff that other people call baklava.  The baklava at Manakeesh is awesome and I can't get enough of it.

Manakeesh itself is a grilled flatbread with stuff on it: spiced ground meat, or chicken, or other things. I often come here to eat one when I want to get out of the house and I want to eat something light that isn't sweet. The price is good, around $5. I also like to get a pot of tea, for $1.75.

I was going to give Manakeesh four stars, but then I thought about how beautiful it is inside and how happy it makes me to eat here, to pour the tea from the graceful teapot, to look at the beautiful decorations in the room, the high ceiling and the big windows, the brick oven where they cook the manakeesh, and to sit with many different-looking people speaking different languages and think how happy I am to live in West Philadelphia. I love just being in the space, and that is worth five stars.
Worth the price, as always. Their vegetarian options are just as good as their meat options, and although it gets busy, splitting a platter with a friend can be a fun dinner experience. I ordered pick up for the falafel platter for a friend and he enjoyed every bite. They hand make their bread right in front of you so you know that when you eat it, dipped in hummus or whatever you get, it will be light and delicious.
The bakery on the side has its own name, but their smoothies are fresh too, and they have super authentic baklava, mamool, and other treats. Also great crepes.
I have been coming here for a couple of years now. It is my absolute favorite cafe in all of the city. It is inexpensive. You can come here just for the freshest dessert and a sharing pot of traditional mint tea (GOOD crepes, waffles and fruit, mamoul, baklava, smoothies) or for a complete meal (rice, meat, pita, salad, the most delicious hummus ever, and more)

There also make espresso drinks. One of the rare places that do a lot and still do it well.

The ambiance is relaxing and cozy. It is well decorated, tasteful, but casual. No matter when I go, it is always bustling with mixed clientele from all backgrounds.  It dies down for a moment during prayer time at the mosque down the road. There is also outdoor seating for when Winter finally gives up on harassing us. It's a great place to hang out for hours and no one will judge you if you break out a deck of cards (n case anyone was wondering). There is also free wifi.

It is a very successful business, and I hope it stays around for good!
We used a Yelp deal tonight after hearing rave reviews of this great West Philly spot from an Egyptian friend who swears the baklawa is the best in the city. Because we visited during Ramadan, the restaurant wasn't taking food orders until 8:15pm, after sundown. We hopped onto the very busy line -- we were lucky to get one of only a couple unreserved tables in the restaurant -- and ordered fool, batata, and one each of the combo (zatar & cheese) and kafta manakeesh. I grabbed a fresh lemonade and my partner got a mint yogurt drink from the case. 

The wait was long, but I think that was mostly because the folks who were there to break their fast had ordered their food ahead. At sundown, we were all served one date, to break the fast with something sweet, and then other tables started getting their food. The special lamb kebabs looked great! 

Our food took about 35 minutes to come. The waiter was very apologetic, and I knew they were unusually busy for the holiday. The fool came first, and it was awesome. A few minutes later the manakeesh came, with our order of batata off to the side. The batata was not amazing; they turned out to be roasted diced potatoes with a faint taste of garlic and cilantro, and I thought they could have used a bit of salt. The manakeesh were AWESOME, though, and don't get me started on the baklawa we took home for later.... We'll definitely be back!
Quite possibly my all-time favorite place in Philadelphia!  It's taken me so long to write a review only because I've been hoping to keep this place all to myself, but I see from the other reviews that my secret is out!

Manakeesh is an incredible place with delicious food, friendly people, and a unique ambience.  It's a great place to spend the day, catching up with friends, and trying all the amazing desserts in the display case, one by one.  The Combo & Veggies Manakeesh is my favorite of their savory options, and I love the Walnut Maamoul.  

On top of all that, the people at Manakeesh are incredibly nice, and you feel like family as soon as you walk in the door.  Keep up the great work, Manakeesh!
It's high time I review Manakeesh, my favorite neighborhood (and potentially favorite EVER)  place-to-get-food. I don't want to call it a cafe, because I don't usually get beverages here (although they do make a killer chai latte). I also don't want to call it a bakery, because bakeries don't usually make amazing sandwiches (although they do make incredible cookies). I don't want to call it a sandwich shop, because it's not exactly sandwiches in the traditional sense...freshly-made, perfectly crisp yet doughy flatbreads with a boatload of fillings (both meat and veggie-friendly) are deserving of a better title than "sandwich." 

So what do I call this place? I guess I'll call it, my favorite Manakeesh place. The prices are right. The food is obviously great (they know me by name and I go here at least once a week. I almost cried when they went on vacation). The service is super-friendly. The cookies are a delight.

It's my mission to make it through the entire Vegetarian menu. So far the favorite is the combo- half za'tar (like a ground thyme paste, but don't let my poor description put you off from trying it. It's an herby, salty spread) and half cheese. I think they make their own cheese and I want to buy it in bulk.

My only gripe is that they don't have a separate pick-up line from the (looooong) ordering line that leads to the two cash registers. This is obviously a problem because it makes me wait longer to get my Manakeesh on. But as always, it's worth the wait.
I happened by Manakeesh one afternoon and was struck by the building facade.  Upon looking inside, I made a note to comeback with at least one friend in tow.  It didn't take much convincing to find a good friend to see what the bakery had to offer in terms of Lebanese food.

A friend and I stopped in for breakfast and coffee, a welcome break from the usual Saxby's fare.  Both of us were impressed by the friendliness of the staff and the decor, which highlighted Lebanon.  

The food, in a word, is heaven.  I had the Manakeesh (flat-bread sandwich) Combo.  It was a mixture of thyme and cheese.  While deceptively simple, the sandwich was full of flavor and the flat-bread inspiring.  Other than my more traditional morning meal of Bagels and Lox, it's been a long search for that perfect and filling breakfast.  Filling, but not heavy, Manakeesh (available with honey, cracked wheat and tomato paste, fresh veggies, et al) is a must.

You haven't lived until you've tried one.  For the meat-eater, Sujuk is delicious.  You could play it safe and stick to more traditional American breakfast fillings, but I doubt that you'd want to after experiencing the other flavors.

If that isn't enough to make you want to head for 44th, the nice, friendly, and caring staff coupled with the available wi-fi will surely make it more difficult to resist.  You won't be sorry for seeking out the Manakeesh Bakery.  In fact, it's so good, I have a new favorite place to go in the mornings.
This place has a lot going for it, but they do need to get a few kinks worked out before they earn a special place in my heart.

Things I like:

The ambiance manages to be roomy but cozy at the same time, which is an impressive achievement.  There are some (but only some) outlets, and ample seating both indoors and out.

The food is also a strong point.  The manakeesh (for the uninitiated, a pizza-like flatbread dish) are well-prepared, flavorful, large, and reasonably priced.  The coffee is pretty good, and the creme brulee is very good (and a reasonable $4 and change).  They've also got some good signage going for them, so it's fairly easy to figure out what the yummy-looking-but-totally-unfamiliar-baked-thing is, and how much it costs.

Things I dislike:

Organization FAIL.  The lines are extremely slow.  The family in front of me actually left -- despite being next in line -- because of how long it was taking to place their order.  I also saw two separate groups of people go up to complain that part of their order had been forgotten or hadn't yet arrived.  I don't know if this is recent opening jitters or a more pervasive problem, but it definitely interfered with my enjoyment of this place.  (That said, the staff are perfectly friendly once you actually get to them!)

They also advertise free Wi-Fi, but in reality there's a purchase code that expires *every hour*.  I get that they don't want people buying a cup of coffee and sitting all day, but having to buy a new something-or-other every hour to continue using Wi-Fi is a little unreasonable -- especially when you've already paid a decent amount for a meal, coffee, and dessert.

TL;DR: I like this place, but I want to *really* like this place.  If they can get their front end a bit more organized and ditch the draconian Wi-Fi policy, they'll be a solid 5 stars.
Came here for breakfast to try the breakfast manakeesh- the woman told me she didn't serve that food at her area so I assumed the other part of the restaurant wasn't open. 

I ended up ordering the chicken curry crepe with chai tea latte. The crepe flour was AMAZING and packed with the chicken curry- like TOO much that I couldn't finish it. The chicken curry was delicious but because it was a bit much, I got tired of the taste. I would love to try the other crepes tho because again, the flour was freaking amazing: crispy yet fluffy. 

Also, literally the best chai tea latte I've ever had. The service wasn't the friendliest but I look forward to trying more opens. PLUS FREE WIFI!
This is THE place for Lebanese food. Reasonable prices, hearty portions, and delicious food!! Admittedly I'm not too well versed in Lebanese food, but I think this place (with a cafe and bakery attached) is such a unique restaurant. I certainly haven't seen anything like this in Center City. 

My go-to is the platter: I've tried the ginger beef and Lebanese beef (they honestly taste the same) with fries, hummus, pita, and the tabbouleh (finely chopped parsley salad.)

As for the manakeesh, it's a meat-or veg flatbread reminiscent of a pizza. Out of the ones I've tried, I prefer the spicy chicken one (tawook), but the kafta and yogurt/zatar ones are great as well.

I think a manakeesh and a platter would be more than enough for two people.
Never ever have I seen this much food variety in the US for a Halal eatery all under one roof - literally everything you can imagine all in one place : from breakfast / brunch / dinner to desserts, smoothies to fresh juices.  Ample variety / portion and decent pricing.  My brain was doing flavor overdrive trying to figure out what to eat - wanted to try it all.  Beautiful / hip interior with a middle eastern & college cafe vibe.  Also has outdoor seating with overhead covering during the warm weather / rainy days.  The food was super good - great awesome / wide wide wide variety : too much to list but has everything ( even the finicky will go away satisfied ).  They have a section for the bakery and one for the main eatery - both have great cozy seating arrangements.  Staff was uber friendly as they were busy arranging their homeland delights.  Very welcoming and culturally diverse area - they have a variety of restaurants around the area within walking distance along with mosques, cultural centers and a great overall vibe.  If there was any drawback it is finding parking.  Overall, AWESOME, would highly recommend.

PROS - everything : variety, great hip ambiance, ample seating, good size portions, nice staff, great menu selection, big bakery within the facility, cozy seating ... a great place to sit back, enjoy a meal and experience global culture.

CONS - wish there was a parking lot, hard to find parking

OVERALL - MUST visit if your in the area..
The grilled meats as well as the manakeesh ( small meals on a single fresh baked pita) are quite tasty. 

Be patient when ordering and picking up food. There is a lot going on in this place. It is certainly a place where learning and cultural exchange can happen. 

The decor is pleasant with a soaring veiling and lots of windows as is the middle eastern music.  

First and only place I have ever eaten mamorah. (Sp?)

This place is worth checking out. I also enjoy the fattoush salad, the grilled beef and the fool bean dish are tasty ask for a side of pickles and olives. Crepe, coffee, baklava and smoothies also great treats.
If I could give no stars I would. The customer service of one of the cooks was horrible. I drove 2.5 hours for him to tell me to come outside and fight him after I told him to have patience, he messed up an order and blamed the cashier for his mistake gave my friend attitude and when I went to make sure everything was okay and told him twice in a calm voice to calm down and have patience in his native tongue, he retorted back with who tf are you, come outside and fight me. I'm 5'4" and female and he was about 220 lbs and 5'10" and he had the nerve to tell a 21 year old girl to come outside and fight him. This restaurant needs to get their employees in order. When I called back the manager wasn't there so I told the employee who saw the whole thing go down and he told me he would inform the owners but I highly doubt he will be doing that. I understand pressure can impact a person, but violence is never the answer.
This was the best delivery service I had in a very long time. The food was wrapped and prepared very well. It was truly delicious. 5 stars!
Way over priced. The food was "meh". And quantity is small. In addition to small quantity and below average quality, they left out several items from my order. I called to figure out the food they left out and they said they'd call back and never did. I left a significant tip on a takeout order bc I know restaurants are hurting and then got majorly shafted.  So disappointed with this place. Go literally anywhere else.
I was craving a Chicken Tawook wrap from Saad's they were closed. Decided to go to this establishment and saw something similar on the menu. It was definitely not what I expected. I did not like it at all & it was nothing like Saad's.
I have been here a couple of times. Each time the service has been relatively quick and the staff has been extreme helpful and friendly. It is affordable and delicious. I have had the lamb shwarma platter. WOW. It's a lot of food. You can easily make it 2 or 3 meals pending on how hungry you are. I also had their hot cheese manakeesh. It was extremely flavorful. I can't wait to try more kinds! Their sweets are always good. The juice bar attached has delicious juices and smoothies. Their chocolate chip cookies are where it's at! Soft gooey goodness. This place is definitely on my radar for quick, flavorful food.
One of my favorite places in Philly to chill and eat well affordably. I highly recommend the manakeesk kefta. Its a freshly made personal size pizza type dish topped with tender ground lamb with spices.  The bread is made there from scratch and is perfectly baked in an oven on the premises. It has the crispiesr crust youll ever have.  All the meat is halal which is very lean and high quality.  They also have many other "toppings" as well as sandwiches including vegeterian choices such as falafel. 

Besides great food they also have a a gourmet selection of coffee, espresso, teas and other drinks as well as an amazing assorment of freshly made middle eastern (baklava etc) and western pastries...the best ive had in the city. And if that wasn't enough, theres a juice bar over  in an adjoining space where they also make fresh crepes ...as well as a great litlle middle eastern/ arabic  grocery store.  Oh and they have free interrnet (for customers) and it has a nice european cafe, chill atmosphere.  The service is chill, freindly and extremely prompt. I am so greatful its within walking distance from my apartment.

Highly recommended
I stopped here on Wednesday morning for quick manakeesh breakfast! We ordered the regular manakeesh with cheese and also lamb manakeesh. On the side we had hummus and falafel as well. The food was pretty good but the falafel didn't have much of a taste to it. I also felt like the manakeesh should've been a little thinner with more toppings. The service was okay the guy at the register didn't smile much and felt like he was rushing to get the order through even tho it wasn't really busy. I might come back in the future.
Go to Manakeesh! This place is soooo good. Their grilled kebabs are to die for. The flatbreads are so soft and fresh, the hummus is so smooth, the salads are crisp and flavorful, and the environment is warm and communal. They also do fresh squeezed lemonade with mint that I LOVE- perfect complement to their food. The baked goods are top notch. I also love that when I go there, the place is full of happy families with their children. Manakeesh is one of my top favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. The quality and taste of the food is bar none! Please go there!!!
PROS: Cheap, giant portions, great flatbread, nice ambiance
CONS: Vegetarian toppings

I ordered the zatar manakeesh and the falafel manakeesh. I gotta say, I've had better falafel elsewhere and the zatar was way too salty that I couldn't even eat it. It sure seems like the meat toppings were better. The flatbread itself was really good though!
Great food, but call in your order.

It takes awhile because it's made to order. This is great if you want fresh food and can sit and eat in, but in the pandemic world it's not so much. This place is pretty busy, so it's usually got a good amount of people waiting and while there is social distanced chairs, it's up to the patrons to really follow as the staff doesn't really care. 

If you sit, it's okay, but it's a good 15-20 minute wait if there are orders ahead of you. When you do get the food, it's best to eat it fresh. I eat in my car.

My favorite is the Lamb lahm Manakeesh. It looks like crap, but the lamb is flavorful and yummy. Definitely recommend this.

We also ordered the Kafta Manakeesh, which is ground spiced beef. While flavorful, i definitely prefer the seasoning in the Lamb Lahm.
My grandfather is Syrian, and the food is similar. Honestly I haven't had a spinach pie like that in YEARS. The baklava was fantastic and not syrupy like the greek counterpart. I can't wait to try the kibbeh!
We are a group of 22 collegiate ultimate frisbee players and the staff at Manakeesh were extremely polite and helpful while working to accommodate our large group. The food is incredible with very generous portion sizes. There is something on the menu for everyone and for every meal! We definitely recommend this restaurant and would be dedicated regulars if we did not live so far away (we ate there twice in one day while visiting Philly).
My bf and I decided to try this place out on a warm Sunday morning bc I was craving a smoothie - but we stayed when we smelled the delicious food. 

Things we got:
+Smoothies (5/5) - no added sugar, tons of fruit options and you can even add almond / soy  milk / greek yogurt to make it creamier. They also have options like dates/honey to sweeten your drink if you prefer
+Cauliflower & Potato wrap - my bf and I LOVED this wrap. It was filled with creamy hummus and tahini and we added hot sauce. 
+Falafel wrap - more filling than the cauliflower wrap, this was filled with tomatoes, onions, falafels, pickles etc. Also delicious, but a little more dry than the cauliflower wrap. 

Also, prices are unbeatable here. You can get a wrap for about $6-7, which is more than enough for a meal. Also the wraps are unbelievably good - soft, fluffy and come out hot! 

We will be back!
We went here for baklava after having a late lunch nearby. I had forgotten how much I love, love, love their food and their staff.  The place is spectacular.  I had three desserts (yup, three) that included a Lebanese shortbread stuffed with dates (you can never go wrong with this one), selected one of the three types of baklava, and also tried for the first time a chocolate cookie.

I was shocked, though, to see the new (well, since August, apparently) smoothie bar.  OMG, We eat smoothies all the time, and this place had the real deal: smoothies made from fresh fruit and veggies and not a lot of junk.  

Like the Terminator, "I'll be back."
Favorite spot in West Philly.  I feel like Manakeesh single-handedly kept my wife and I alive for the past three years.  The manakeesh are delicious, and the pastries are exceptional.  With the addition of Bliss, they now have smoothies and desserts covered.  Beautiful space, delicious food, friendly people.  

Abd deserves to be singled out for being an absolutely outstanding manager.  He really makes this place special.
I've been coming to this place on and off for years now. I've seen it grow from a small one-room shop to a large beautifully decorated multi-sectional restaurant, smoothie bar, and dessert space. The food is always really good (the manakeesh, labs, veg platter, basbusa, Arabian sundae you name it!) and the staff is professional and helpful. I appreciate how the inside decor is so elegant but the atmosphere is down to earth and homey. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to treat themselves at a decent price. Thank you to the owners and staff for many great years of service!
We were in Philly for a midday event after which craved a Lebanese lunch. We know the cuisine, especially my wife, who is from Beirut. Manakeesh was pretty close by so we ordered a few things over the phone to pick up as we drove there. 

The place is totally, authentically Lebanese. They were taking the bread for our order out of the oven as we arrived. The chicken shawarma is the best we've ever had in this country with real toum (garlic spread) and juicy meat. The baba ghanouj is smoky and a little chunky, like homemade, addictive and not at all bitter. The zaatar bread and beef lahm bajeen, amazing. 

We are going to go to Philly more often knowing Manakeesh is there to brighten the day and will try out other dishes without hesitation.
I've been here twice. The spinach and cheese manakish and zaatar manakish are both delicious, withh the right amount of spices and toppings. The baklava is truly excellent - different types as seen in the picture, not overly sweet with a creamy flavor, it can function as a main meal in and of itself. Sometimes when picking up you have to get their attention or else they'll have conversations with each other in front of you, but the food is excellent.
The flatbread sandwiches here are great, and they have a wide variety from cheese to beef to lamb (although it is easy to confuse the beef lahm with the lamb lahm) to the chicken tawook to even salmon.  The chicken tawook is spicy with a creamy, garlic-based sauce, FYI.  My favorite is probably the lahm, which is spiced ground beef with minced peppers and onions - very flavorful and a perfectly complement to the fluffy, thick flatbread.  The hummus is also solid, as is the baba ghanouj.  Both were very flavorful without being too salty or spicy.  The labneh was good but basically just a thick yogurt-based spread.  It goes very well with the lahm flatbread, though.  Overall, the food is great and it's in a very convenient to the Penn campus.  I do like the fluffy pitas at Hummus more, but the flatbreads here are great (the pitas here are the thin ones).
Manakeesh is almost a great place, and then something or the other happens every time I'm there that makes it less than awesome. They've got a really lovely space in West Philly, and even though I personally think that Saad, which is across the street has more authentic food, if I'm going to sit down, then I end up going to Manakeesh.

It's got a pretty nice outdoor seating area, and the food's not bad if you order the right thing... (hummus is A+, and the zaatar and labneh are actually comparable to the kind I'd get back home in Dubai). But the service is all just so out of it? Like... is it everyone's first day at work or something?? It's kind of frustrating. But I guess if you're doing take-out or you don't mind the loopiness, it's a good place. And the outdoor seating really is quite lovely.
First time enjoying Lebanese pastries, za tar and Turkish coffee. Definitely would go back again and try the Crepes and smoothies from the bakery next door.   This is one of my favorite things about living in Philadelphia because I am exposed to experience cuisines from all over the world. :)
