Stopped by on a Thursday evening to catch the first half of the first Eagles game. They weren't too packed, and we were able to find seating right away at the bar to get a great view of the TVs. The place is pretty big with some table seating also available throughout. Bartenders were friendly and attentive.

We were brought complementary popcorn that was seasoned with crab fries seasoning, which is freshly popped on location and gives the brewery a nice scent. Then we ordered the pretzel with beer cheese. The pretzel was a little bit smaller than I'd hoped, but it may have been one of the best beer cheeses that I've ever had. We also ordered a variety of beers throughout the night, which were pretty tasty.

I want to minus a star just because I do wish they had more beers, but they did have a decent selection. However, I'd add that star back because they actually have great happy hour specials!
I had been to this place a long while ago and I didn't love the beers or the food at the time. Last night I was there for an event upstairs that was catered food and had a few of the beers. I was very impressed.

The food that was put out was just appetizers... Crab balls, steak eggrolls, variety of little sandwiches, and then veggies and dip. Everything I had was really good.

The best beer I had was the IPA, simcoalition. 

I was surprised by the place and am happy to write a good review for them. I did not try many beers, and also didn't have a chance to try anything off the menu, but based off the few things I did have I was pleased and would certainly come back for dinner when in the area.
I sat here going back and forth, back and forth, checking 3 stars, taking one off, going back to add it again. Over and over and over. Now I'm ready for a nap. 

Manayunk Brewery is alright; I mean it in the best possible use of that adverb. 

I dislike beer so I have nothing to say about what they brew, how they serve it or the way it tastes. To be truthful, I don't even know how much of a selection they have at any given time, nor do I know an IPA from an IPO. Uh. Yeh. One I think is brew. The other is something with stock, and not the chicken broth kind. Right? So, you are annoyed, thinking, why is this damn, verbose fool even bothering?

Because I like the canals in Manayunk is why.

When I first moved back to Philly, I was staying at an air bnb until I found a permanent address. My grandparents live in Roxborough and they wanted me to bunk with them. Much as I adore the folks, I'm still young enough to want to stay up past 8 p.m. I am fit enough to feel a-okay walking around the house in the altogether pre and post shower but I'd hang myself before I did that in front of my grandmother, nor would I darken their bathroom counters with my cosmetics, toenail polish and potions. There's an old saying my fraternal grandmother used to use, "Distance lends enchantment" and let me tell you, these are very true words. 

Mo, my queer hostess at the air bnb, was having custody issues with her ex-wife and pressed me into being "Dear Warren" and going out for drinks and a burger one night of my stay. Since I had been on The Other Coast for some time, I couldn't even begin to suggest a place close by so Mo took charge. That's how I wound up at Manayunk Brewery. 

It's BIG. Plenty of seating inside, but as the night was humid but still comfortable, we opted for eating and drinking outside. The night we first went, there was a local band playing outside and we asked to be seated as far away from them as possible. That was easy since the outdoor set up is as generous in size as inside the brewery. Nothing against the band but Mo wanted to vent and I wanted to be able to listen. Our server gave us a nice table for 2 with the canal right behind us. 

Mo ordered something sudsy, I ordered a gin and tonic and we looked at the menu. If you like to drink beer, the menu seems to carry things that are simpatico with it. Pizzas, a variety of burgers in various states of garnish, wings, hummus, fries, poutine, a plethora of salads, more substantial dinner items like scallops, fish and chips, sirloin, scallops and ribs. Nothing fancy, no vegetable foams or sous vided stuff, but solid food that will soak up booze and keep you from falling into that canal. 

I went for a classic burger, medium rare with cheddar cheese and Mo got meatloaf with all the accoutrements-mac and cheese and cornbread. Our server kept the drinks coming and the food was delivered fast and at the right temperature. We got checked on to be sure we had all the napkins and condiments we needed. Mo bitched and cried into her beers, I enjoyed my juicy burger, my good gin and tonics and the canal at my back. We stayed until almost closing, maybe 1 a.m. No one rushed us, pushed food or booze on us. In spite of Mo's woes, I was relaxed, adequately tanked, well fed and felt like I was getting a big, easy slice of the real Manayunk.

My hearty recommendation for when you want a slow, pleasant, unpretentious evening with no surprises other than looking at your phone or watch and finding out how just how long you've been sitting, eating,  drinking and vibing with the canal-so if at all possible, sit outside.
I had Sunday brunch here with 5 others. We were seated quickly in the cramped dining room. Most of the food was hot but some was just warm at best. Overall a nice selection and the live band was a great touch. A bit pricey but I would return.
Probably the best place to go around the Manayunk area! There's $5 cover CASH ONLY!! (I went on a Friday night and it was kind of empty around 10:30. But an hour later the place was pretty packed. There's a dance floor that's outside by the DJ as well as multiple bars and an upstairs seating area. There's also a sushi bar and some other appetizers available during the day, but the kitchen was already closed by the time that I came so we didn't get to try out any of the food. The music was top 40's and some old hip hop/R&B. 

Great place to go to and spend some time with your friends over drinks. Staff was friendly and attentive even though the bar was crowded. Will probably be back soon!
Great place to catch live music in Manayunk in the Summer.  While not quite as awesome in the Winter, they still bring in a good crowd, the type that won't have you wondering why you bothered to pay cover to get in.

Honestly, their brew has gone down hill, but at $5 on main street at least they are priced fairly.  Their sushi is fair and their pizzas are great, but slightly overpriced.  Go for the atmosphere and eat if you're in the mood for a post-dinner bite.

PS If you are looking for Coors/Miller/Bud specials, you are in the wrong bar.  They carry a few bottled beers, but remember it is a microbrew!
Held a happy hour here awhile ago. Thanks to a light dusting of snow, we didn't have the best turnout; drivers get creative when the elements turn sour. As such, there was tons of curb parking along Main Street.

With multiple bars, flatscreens, and a DJ at night, this jazzy venue is classier than I expected a brewery to be. Even for its size, it's not a bad date place since it's split into sections. (Wouldn't be surprised to see a wedding reception here.)

There are lots of creative drinks on the menu. Sampled their wings, which were forgettably average, but for a $5 happy hour special, no real complaints. Eyeing my neighbors, I noticed the quesadillas looked good, and I'm definitely getting their pizza next time.
Go, and pretend you are healthy by getting the Brussel spouts. Then revel in every delicious bite with the pancetta and hint of white wine. Try not to spoon up every bite. Try harder not to lick the still warm skillet. 

Wash it down with the cucumber jalapeño marg. You won't be disappointed. 

Ambiance, view, food and service all get 5 stars.
My favorite part of the Manayunk Brewing Company is that they brew their own beers. I've never had a Manayunk Brewing Company beer that I haven't enjoyed. Their collection is pretty varied too with various IPAs, blondes, and ales. 

Aside from being local and awesome, it's a pretty cool spot. Mad props for them for withstanding flood after flood. They even have the flood/water lines marked off in their restaurant. Needless to say, there's been major damage and they keep reviving. 

I was there with coworkers on my most recent visit, and it was the perfect location for that type of happy hour. There is a concern with some Manayunk spots that it'll be mostly younger folks, but the Brew Pub was really appropriate for our mixed-age crowd. 

During our visit, we ordered the quesadillas, hot crab dip, hummus plate, zucchini fries and southern fried chicken littles to share. All were tasty, above-average bar food. 

I love coming to the Brew Pub in the summer and sitting on the deck, but the high top tables near the bar were perfectly comfortable for wintertime. 

Keep on Brewing and I'll keep on visiting!
After driving around Manayunk for a good hour trying to find parking during the Arts Festival, I was feeling pretty hangry (hungry +cranky = hangry).  My group of three decided to hit up the brew pub since we know the food is decent and it was right in front of us when we finally hit Main Street.  Oh how I wish we had kept on walking.  

We entered the restaurant and, despite a plethora of open tables, the hostess had to "get something ready" for us (did they not get the memo about the annual arts festival that would be taking place all weekend?).  We were eventually seated against a half-wall, very close to the tables that were backed up to us.  Table space was tight, and I threw my purse on the back of my chair.  

We ordered nachos which were delish but kind of small considering they were $12.  The brewery's own Bohemian Blonde and Whistle Whetting Wheat went down pretty damn easy but could have been a little colder.  Perhaps it was right about the time of my second beer when the shady characters seated behind me ganked my wallet right out of my purse.  

Or maybe they waited for our main course.  We would have been easily distracted as the food didn't come out for a good long time and we were all pretty focused when it finally appeared.  My friend and I each got salads that were good but again on the small side.  My bf had a margarita pizza that he wasn't overly impressed with.  

It was at this point that we decided to cut our losses and get the check, which after about two drinks each and the aforementioned fare, came to $80something dollars (not including tip).  Kind of hefty for a lunch that didn't leave anyone feeling very full or very buzzed.  Reaching for my purse, I knew something was wrong when it felt light.  A missing Coach wallet that included identification, methods of payment and various membership cards will do that.  

Also missing was the couple who was previously seated at the table behind us.  According to their server, they had soup and then paid their check in cash... probably my cash.  Fuckers.  I wonder; at what point in their dating history did they discover their shared love of soup and stealing?  

I know I can't fault the brewery for the actions taken by two assholes.  That wouldn't be fair.  But I can fault them for their unprepared staff on a big weekend, slow service and small plates with large price tags.  The food is decent for sure, but there are a million other places on Main Street that I'd rather check out in the future.

P.S. To the people who stole my wallet: I know you can't use my debit or credit cards because I cancelled them immediately (sorry about that), but if you plan on doing any shoe shopping in the near future, could you do it at DSW and use my membership card?  I get $10 gift certificates mailed to me for every few purchases.  Thanks!
I'm seriously hovering between a two and three stars, here's why.

Let me first say this: I don't f around in Manayunk because I can not stand the twists and turns of the streets around there. How can a street run both ways but only be big enough for one car at a time to pass through? (is there a Manayunk listing I can go rant on?) In any event, the thought of coming here did not excite me but I was pleasantly surprised one, to find ample parking and two, the scenery. Hot as I was and sweating many bullits I was happy to be overlooking the river and watching people pass by on the bridge above. 

Good thing too because once we were seated no one, not one soul paid attention to us for almost 15 minutes. There were other tables being tended too and there was a large gathering of staff at the bar chatting and sipping beverages. Finally, a girl who was taking care of the people next to us wanders over and asks if anyone was helping us. We don't have menus, we don't have drinks? I could have gotten very flippant here but I restrained myself. 

My sister, the responsible one for dragging me here ordered a Caribbean punch and the lemon grilled chicken. Hers arrived before mine and it smelled divine. I got the All Day Stout (limited options, you know why) and a Poke Bowl. I asked them to keep the onions away and while they did do exactly that I found the bowl lacked other ingredients that were listed in the description. There were no scallions. I love scallions. Scallions are technically onions so I forgave this but they are listed as two separate ingredients. There was no siracha at all and the dish cold have benefited from the heat. Instead I got a side of wasbi. How was I to incorporate that into the dish cohesively. A sauce would have made better sense. They were also pretty conservative with the avocado and cucumbers. I left unsatisfied but I'd go back for the view.
All I can say is this place HELLA sucks! 

Check my reviews, I'm rolling 60 deep and this is my first 1 star review. That in itself has to mean something. 

So here it goes, I will explain in detail our terrible experience. We walk in around 7PM and get seated on the patio right away. From this point our experience went downhill. No joke, we waited 20 minutes for a waitress to come over and even greet us. Now after 10 minutes I was ready to just walk out but my sister who lives in the neighborhood convinced us to stick it out. I should have went with my gut and just walked out, but out of respect for her 'hood i stuck around. 

Finally, the waitress comes over and rudely takes our drink order without even introducing herself. No joke, you would have thought that taking the drink order was the biggest hassle she ever faced. 

She comes back with the drinks and then proceeds to take our dinner order with the same rude attitude. When the food comes it is mediocre at best. I ordered the brisket sandwich which was bland as hell. Our other party members ordered a pizza (no sauce and dry) and two sushi rolls and no joke this was the WORST sushi I have ever tasted. It wasn't fresh at all and the rolls were falling apart. 

We hoped to order a few more beers but the waitress never came back to see if we wanted any more. Finally she comes when we finished eating and just throws the check down and walks away. We respond with a tip representing the service and the waitress has the nerve to chase us down and call us out on a sub par tip. I responded with a "yeah, the tip reflects the service." 

Again, check all my other reviews. As a Yelp Elite I take pride in reviewing restaurants and bars with integrity and this is the first time I EVER felt the need to give a 1 star review. 

Please take my advice and not give this establishment your business.
Arrived for happy hour with several people from work. We had a social time and the deals for happy hour pushed us to this location.
The selection of beer is primarily their own brews. I had a few and thought they were decent beers, not great but good enough for the evening. They have cocktails and wine lists as well that offer many choices. 
We ordered wings and quesadilla due to the half price deal for happy hour. 
The wings were slightly spicy and cooked well. The quesadilla could have used more cheese and other things between the tortillas. It was slightly dry. 
Along with happy hour came a pizza bar and pasta. They were luke warm to eat, the heating lamps did not keep it hot. But, the food was a good idea coming right from work. 
Their is validation for parking, but you have a two hour window of time at the brewery or you still pay $10. 
Service was not very attentive for our group of 5. Waitress did separate bills kind of, we all had things on our checks, but not the items or drinks we ordered. We just let it slip and paid. 
Decent enough place but some improvements could be made to push it over the top.
You can't beat good food and good jazz. The moment I recognized how good my food looked, and the jazz set started a nice tune, I knew I was gonna have a good time--a good time I had! 

I ordered the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich with siratcha sauce and housemade chips. All was delicious and I enjoyed it. Two others I was with got scallops with risotto. They said it was pretty good but what stood out to them most was the risotto. Someone else said the fish tacos were very good as well. I tried the mahagony wings and it was made exactly how I would want my wings to taste. It was plump, had a nice crisp from the baked/light frying, and the sauce was really good! I actually thought it should've had more. The nachos were really good too. 

The jazz was great! There were some great musicians up there playing the sax, trumpet, keyboard, guitar, drums and flute! They play every Tuesday at 7. It's open mic too.

All in all, a nice Tuesday get together!

Parking can be limited in this area.
I went there on valentines day with a group of my friends. We took a big table and at first we were just going to approach the bar to get beer but a nice waitress came up to us and took our orders. She never asked if we were on separate checks or anything so I assumed that she knew that we were since we were such a big group and when I was a waitress we were always told to ask if the table was together or separate. 

Anyway, my room mate goes up and asked for a separate check. Kira S, as I later learned her name, who was one of our waitresses was very quick to jump down his throat. She replied with " No one asked for separate checks." and he apologized for which she responded with " If I give you a separate check I will not give anyone else one."

 Not knowing about this happening I went up to the other lady who was serving us. I asked to cash out. and she responded " No one told us you needed separate checks" and I responded with an apology and she said "I don't even know what you got" and I said I could tell her. Kira S then jumped in out of no where and in a very harsh tone said " Not a single one of you said you wanted a separate check" and I then replied that I had a similar POS system and I could tell her what I got and she could make a separate one and that she didn't need to be so upset about it and Kira said " No one is getting upset calm down." so the other waitress gave me my check. 

I noticed that my check didn't have gratuity added and the other two checks did so I found Kira and approached her. I asked " How much is the gratuity for the table?" and she was like " Yeah. There's gratuity." and I said " I know but I saw it was 3 bucks on each check and I didn't know how much it was altogether" because I wanted to contribute to it. in a sharp tone she said " It's $7. I split it on two checks I can't just not charge you gratuity." And I walked away because she gave me the answer but with attitude.

My other room mate came in and got one beer and Kira yelled at him, not sure what the specifics were on it but he looked upset and immediately paid us money and left the bar.

The next thing that happen was Ms. Kira stood with two girls who were drinking at the bar and LOUDLY talking about us, pointing at us, and staring at us. The last and final insult of the night was when I tried to get the other waitress's name. I very politely asked " Excuse me, are you Kira or is she?" and she yelled " No!" at me and left. Up until all of this happened, we were collecting a large tip for them from everyone since it was valentines day and it probably sucked for them to be there. After this happen that tip went to the absolute minimum. 

We won't be returning. Although the beer is delightful and the food is great every time we have gone there one member of the staff or another has given us shit and for no reason. We're not demanding, we're not rude, we always tip heavy, we always recommend the place and bring in business, and we all come from having jobs of servers so we're more understanding than most. But the staff at Manayunk Brewery is absolutely rude even on a slow night. Get your shit together and stop being so fucking miserable to everyone right off the bat (especially the mean faced silent door people) because that makes people hate your business and feel uncomfortable because people don't go spend money to be made to feel like shit.
Drink local! Love this spot. Make sure you're sitting outside if the weather is nice, they have a ton of seating out on a patio right alongside the river. Solid draft list with a little bit of everything to please: darks, lights, and sours. Friendly servers and a bit of everything on the food menu as well. They also serve sushi.
4 stars... debating 5!!!

Was here Sunday for the Steelers vs Eagles Game. I was proudly wearing my steelers jersey in a field of green and was hoping not to get spit in my food or on me (joking... sort of).

But in all seriousness, I was presently surprised by quite a few things. 

1) Sushi? Last time I was here, beginning of summer I believe - they didn't have this or I didn't know of it. But dang... sushi was on point. Delicious and as fresh as can be. 

2) Free wifi inside only (doesn't reach the outdoors) - so that was nice for me to check on my fantasy football leagues while watching the game... drinking beer, and eating amazing food.

3) Eagles stomped my Steelers??? I was expecting a pretty close match but wow. Wentz. I'm happy for you Eagles Fans that actually look really good. 

Anyhow. The bartenders inside are really actually the ones that make me want to put a perfect 5 out of 5. They were extremely friendly and appreciated the witty banter we had going back and forth for the Steelers vs Eagles game, but was still accompanied by exceptional service. They were great - didn't expect anything else.

The food was on point. Sushi seriously gave me the thinking that I'll definitely be back here again. To try other things in the menu as everything tasted so damn good!

My only reason for leaving 1 star off -  is that during the game, they had some drink specials and a dish special. I think what would have really put it at 5/5 if they did more specials for their food. Like half off appetizers or something of that sort. It was $8 Margarita Pizzas only and everything else was at full price basically. No biggy... appreciated the special pizza... just would have been nice to have a bigger selection. 

Great place!
I went to the M!anayunk brewery for brunch one Sunday morning with a couple of friends to enjoy a long leisurely sunday brunch with a live jazz band. The Manayunk brewery is on Main street in Manyunk near the river. 
 The location of where they serve brunch is in the basement and  I love dining in the basement, it's so east coast. The spot is really nice clean and very appealing to the eye. It has a long bar and multiple seating rooms. They serve a old school brunch with everything, eggs benedict, omelet station, carved roast beef, ham and fried turkey.( couldn't believe they were disgarding the crispy skin) They really have too many items to list. The price is around 20 bucks not including adult beverages. The band is real smooth and soothing and helps Set the mood for a long leisurely brunch.
 Reservations are a must, especially with large parties. And l there's plenty of TV's to keep track of our teams.,
Food: Basic bar styled food but I would say its on the better end! Came here with a small group of friends to enjoy the day with some nice food and drinks- the food was all delicious, I ordered a nice and juicy burger and was pleasantly surprised. Unfortunately, I found my drink to be absolutely terrible. I ordered a margarita and originally, I thought there must've just been a mistake and asked if the waitress can order me another one since the original one seemed extremely watered down. To my surprise, the second order was exactly the same and I felt like it was definitely a waste of of money. 

Cost: Everything was decently priced- nothing too crazy expensive.

Environment: Due to COVID, they have seem to have been following regulations of limiting people with seating. They were fortunate enough have such a beautiful outdoor seating option and so my friends and I were all seating outside comfortably- there were umbrellas to provide some nice shade as well since it was a bit sunny the day we went!

Service: The service was a tad slow- not sure if it was because of the decreased staff/waiter/waitresses but eventually we all got our food and enjoyed our time there nevertheless.

Uniqueness: Nice place to go for some well executed basic dishes- would reconsider ordering the margarita next time though!
We come here once a month or so during the spring amd summer for the last few years. The service has gotten worse each time.

Today the outdoor part of the restaurant was 3/4 empty and the bar was full. The rude hostess was asked if we could grab a table in the shade ( 5 were open) we were told they were on a 30 minute wait because the kitche was backed up. No problem we could wait for food and would like a seat for drinks. We were told again she couldnt seat us because it was a 30 minute wait.

Ok  I asked can we sit near the bar along the completely empty wall of 16 seats, in the shade and have drinks there. We were told no because they save those for people ordering food. At this point i realized i was talking to an idiot. We were polite and said we would try someplace else and went to Ryans.  Food is better there anyway. 

Its will be a long tome time before i come back here if ever. Each of the last few times we have come some slip in the service has been seen but today needed a review. 

You guys need to fix your people. You just dont loose a customer for today you loose one forever.
one would think that having lived in the yunk for 8 years i would have known about the brew pub's all you can eat brunch feast. but, sadly, no... well, not until today! 

tho quite pricey considering that i don't NEED to eat the amount of food necessary to warrant the steep $21 cost, i did do my best to get my money's worth (and haven't needed to eat anything else since!) my made-to-order veggie omelet prepared @ the omelet station was huge & delicious and would have been a meal aplenty for me...but alas, i loaded up additional plates with roasted potatoes, half a bagel with cream cheese & veggies, fresh fruit salad, french toast with blueberry sauce and an assortment of pastries. a ton of food, right? yet i didn't even scratch the surface!!! there was SO much more, including more lunch-y dishes like meatballs and chicken marsala that didn't stand a chance at getting on my meat-free plate. 

coffe/tea is included in the set price....not mimosas/blood marys...but they're a pretty decent deal at only $3.50 a glass. servers don't have to do much here during brunch other than bring drinks and clear plates, yet our table of 11 seemed to have our mere 2 water carafes perpetually empty with no server in sight with whom we could request a refill.

the BEST part: the live jazz band playing while you eat! that alone helped to turn what is a complete douchebag bar by nite into one of philly's classiest bunch experiences outside of a center city hotel. so while brunch was great, and the back deck can't be beat, the combination of the "eh" beers, the "ugh" late nite scene and the "huh? where'd ya go?" service definitely costs the brew pub a few stars.
I've always been a supporter of this brewpub. With their diverse menu (typical bar fare + decent seafood/sushi), they cater to a variety of palettes. Home brewed selection is constantly rotating, and they offer some pretty mint weeknight specials (e.g. Thursday nights are $3 for most 12 ounce pours).

What brings this establishment up a notch is the ambiance. Among their amenities, they have an outdoor deck overlooking the Schuylkill for the warmer months, an area/small stage indoors to host live music, and a partitioned room/bar for private events. 

Bring a large group, your date, or post up solo at the bar. It's a good time.
Great location, great building, horrible management. 

We sat at our table and waited 20 minutes for silverware. We asked one wader who said he would bring it to us and ignored us for the remainder of the time (even when we called for him just feet away). By the way, this place was empty. Like, really?

Our waitress finally made it and we ordered BBQ ribs and nachos (spending several dollars more for extra toppings). The BBQ ribs were dry and the nachos had enough toppings for 2 chips. I so wish this was an exaggeration. 

The waitress saw our food and admitted the chefs are not doing their best and just want to go home. When she brought the bill she provided no discount of any kind. I asked her to take one of the meals off and that it is ridiculous that we have to pay so much for something we could not eat. 

She went and spoke with the manager (whom provided body language that is was OUR problem and not theirs). I could see her laughing in the distance. Instead of the manager coming over to our table to resolve the issues, our waitress came back and told us the extra toppings price was taken off. 

On my way out, I asked to speak with the manager. I told her the concerns we had and she just gave attitude stating that their quality of food is consistent and implied that we should be grateful that she took off the price of the extra toppings we never had in the first place.. This is a bad manager. Managers should be able to take criticism and use it to improve the restaurant. Her poor management skills show how low her standards are across the board. 

It's a shame because it's a beautiful building and if the service and food were any good, I would go back. Unfortunately, I will not.

*Note: this review is for 3/28/2016.
My gf and I had a wedding on NY day and needed to kill sometime before the church. She had a craving to visit her old stomping grounds since she lived in the area for years. We decided to eat at MB&R. I was expecting a run down, stale beer, rough enviroment and terrible food. I received quite the contrary! Walking in I was impressed with the layout and warm atmosphere. We sat at the bar (several Tv's and probably a good place to catch a game) and ordered some brews. I went with the girly Raspberry beer and it was awesome! She went with her typical IPA. High alcohol content and after a few we felt the alcohol kick in quickly. The food is typical pub fare HOWEVER they have a sushi bar which is strange (it didnt open until later). The bartender was cool and quick. I had the turkey sandwich and she had a salad. Both were very good. If you are in the area I recommend stopping by to try one of their home brews and grab a bite.
I've been to Manayunk Brewery a few times to go out, but today was my first time there for food! (and it definitely won't be my last). It is amazing how different the atmosphere changes so quickly from saturday night out to sunday brunch. 

For sunday brunch, it is about $22 for adults and $11 for kids. There was a buffet of food including all of the staple brunch foods and even an omelette station. Everything I tasted was delicious! My favorites included the home fries, mac and cheese, and mini cheesecakes. The only thing not included in the set price was alcoholic beverages and juice. 

The best part about the brunch was the live jazz band. It was the perfect touch to a great sunday morning!
If you are looking for well priced all you can eat brunch in Philadelphia, this is it. For around $24 this is a great deal. The spread is nicely laid out. Some of the items that you can choose from are salad, eggs Benedict, lox and beagles, grilled salmon, mac n cheese, baked chicken, London broil and much more. I love their omelette and home made waffle station.  There is also a variety of deserts to choose from. The only negative thing I can say is that they serve sushi late in brunch.

The aesthetics of the restaurant are pleasing to the eye. They have great views of the river on the deck. Which is great because they have outdoor seating if you choose. There is a great jazz band playing to set a relaxing mood. I have to say that they are kid friendly which is definitely a plus. 

They also sere flights of beer, a unique trait for brunch. Overall a solid place for brunch.
I wouldn't know how the food or beers on tap are here. 

My wife and I went there for lunch today, walked in and were immediately greeted and sat down by the hostess. We saw that the place was pretty empty, maybe about 3 or 4 other tables had people and nobody was at the bar. It was a Tuesday afternoon after all.

I sent a text to my friend as soon as we sat down. My wife and I talked and waited for a while, nobody came to serve us at all, but servers were walking around. After a while, we noticed that a table of people who came in after us has already gotten drinks and their food order was taken. So I looked at the time, then I checked the time stamp of that text I sent when I arrived and realized that we were there for a half hour with zero acknowledgment. In a half empty restaurant while people around us were getting taken care of, even those who came in after us.

We got up, took our menus and handed them to the hostess at the door - I figured she would have noticed something was wrong when we still had menus with us. But she just thanked us for coming and didn't pick up on my frustration. While I was more than annoyed at the experience, there was no point mentioning it to anyone there. I don't see the need to argue with anyone, plus we had already made up our minds about the service there and simply wanted out. 

If it was a bustling weekend evening or something, I would sort of understand a bit of confusion. But again, it was dead in there. Shame too, because I like Manayunk's beers and the Brewery looked great.
The Brew Pub is by far my favorite summer happy hour spot. The outside deck looking out on the river is fantastic and often has a steel drum band playing. The food is great - appetizers are fantastic, and I would recommend the steak salad. And if you like sangria, you are in for a treat. Their summer sangria is absolutely delicious, light and refreshing.
DO NOT HOLD YOUR PRIVATE EVENT AT THE MANAYUNK BREWERY

Our wedding ceremony and reception were held at the Manayunk Brewery. Working with the brewery was very unpleasant. The private event staff was extremely unprofessional and confrontational. When we initial expressed interest in hosting our wedding at MBC, we worked directly with Paris Rose, the Sales and Banquet Manager. When we began to work with her, she was very pleasant and communicative. When I did my 45 day check in is when planning took a turn. In the response to my check-in email I learned that Paris would be traveling out of the country and would not be on site for day of support and coordination. Instead, her assistant Jenn would. At this time I had never met Jen or had any conversations with her regarding our wedding and was uncomfortable with the new plan ESPECIALLY since I had to initiate the email to even find this out. Because of Paris' travels, I was told that we would have to hold our rehearsal more than a week before our wedding, although this was not feasible because the majority of our wedding party was traveling to Philly for our wedding. We decided on the Friday before our wedding, opposed to the  Saturday rehearsal. 
A week and a half prior to our wedding is when we did our final walk through and met Jenn (who did not stay for the complete walk through). As we conducted the walk thru, SEVERAL details that were previously discussed were no longer optional:
1. Red Couches: When we originally toured the event space we were told that new furniture was being purchased and neutral slip covers would be placed over the red sofas in the upstairs bar area. We were told that this was never promised to us. 
2. Furniture Display windows: Paris promised us that the next door furniture store removed its window displays whenever the brewery had a wedding ceremony on the deck. We were told at our walk thru that only the signs in the windows are removed. We took the initiative to stop in the furniture store to ask the manager if she would be willing to remove the display pieces, and she agreed, and also noted that we were not the first couple to be given misinformation. 
3. Passed hors d'oeuvres: Our contract stated that we wanted passed hors d'oeuvres opposed to stationary. We paid the butler fee to have passed Hors d'oeuvres and this was an oversight that we caught during the walk through.
4. Bridal Suite: Do not expect a designated space where you can keep your belongings or a space where you can take a moment to yourself. Initially we were told that we'd be able to use the Jazz room to hold our belongings when we arrived, however during the walk thru we were told that that was not an accommodation we'd have
5. Ceremony Chairs: We wanted to use the deck tree as the back drop for our ceremony. We were told that it was "impossible" to accommodate our guests with a half circle and that they would arrange chairs however they felt looked the best. 
****When booking the Manayunk Brewing Company (which I do not recommend, especially for a big event like a wedding) follow up in writing to confirm all previously discussed details. 
Working with MBC created so much anxiety. We never knew what to expect or what new changes would arise. 

We arrived for the rehearsal 2 days before our wedding and realized that the wrong chairs were ordered. When we brought it to the attention of Jenn she said she didn't place the order so  I located the email showing the conversation requesting Riesen chairs opposed to the Samsonite chairs. We were then introduced to Tracee who was extremely confrontational, and lacked empathy. I was told that the wrong chairs being ordered was not a big deal and that they may or may not get the chairs we wanted. I had to ask Tracee to lower her tone because she was yelling and to change her body language which was also confrontational. We ended the chair conversation understanding that MBC would call us the next day at 10am for an update. My maid of honor had to call MBC the morning of our wedding to get an update

Our wedding day was beautiful, but the amount of stress and anxiety that was created on behalf of MBC was not worth it! At the 45 day mark if we had a plan B we would have cancelled our wedding and moved on to a different venue. I will never patronize MBC again. After our wedding we have not heard anything from the brewery. No apology, no follow up nothing. The private event team needs some lessons on customer service and hospitality.
This is my first time being here for brunch as an adult. I honestly can say that it was just okay. I always love a good brunch buffet and the selection of food was great. However the  food that day was so so. The eggs Benedict could have used way more hollandaise sauce. The fried chicken could have came from a box or frozen bag. The salmon was over cooked. I like the fact that they had smoked salmon and trout. They also had different types of sausage like pork, turkey, etc. The live jazz was nice as well.

The other thing that I disliked was the automatic tip on all bills for brunch. I am by now means a bad tipper, but quite frankly the waitresses didn't do much work. After asking the waitress for a cup of coffee she brought to me then politely informed me that coffee was self serve. The buss boys clear plates and cups. While the waitresses bring out bills and take drink orders. At 21.99 per person I would come here again for the view but it wouldn't be my first choice because of the food.
This is the kind of place I never thought I'd like, but it works.  I usually only get sushi, and it's very good for price.  They also have complementary popcorn, which pushes it over the top for me. Good sushi and all you can eat popcorn?  Yeah, somebody figured out my weaknesses.  It can get crazy out back on weekend nights; but you can still, usually, stay mellow at the bar.  

I've seen reviews where people said the waitstaff had attitudes.  I've seen them give friends of mine attitudes; and frankly, they deserved it.  Something in the air in Manayunk makes people act like a**holes.  I'm glad to see some of the people here keeping these people in check. Treat them well, and they seem to return the favor.
We went with a group and shared so we got to try a pretty good selection of their offerings including sushi, pizza, sandwiches, and salads. Everything was really good, the music was good, the interior was pretty nice, and the servers were friendly. It's a little pricey, but if you're not stopping in every day it doesn't matter.
My favorite thing about manayunk brewery isn't the beer... it's not bad but I never go for it. They have a very decent menu with plenty of items to choose from AND a sushi bar. So you can say that I mostly come here for food and it doesn't hurt that they have good drinks and beer. Will always be our first choice when my girlfriend and I can't decide what to eat. We can all be happy in manayunk brewery.
Always have a great time - one of my favorite spots!   The bartenders are incredibly friendly and always eager to please.   The food is great - I love that the menu changes seasonally.  The new gluten free menu is fabulous- not just stripped down versions of regular menu items.  The patio fireplace is a favorite spot to sit when it's chilly and the upper deck bar is one of my favorite weekend spots in the summer - amazing view!!  All around crowd pleaser here, something for everyone.
So being a Chicago native who once lived in west Philly a few seasons ago, I relished my trip back to Philly to visit an old friend for his birthday. He lives in Manayunk within two blocks walking distance from Main St. and that's where the night began on a Thursday night after I arrived from my flight.

I was impressed by the sheer space of MB&R and was promptly greeted by all the staff, bouncers, and waiters (my friend is a regular here and happens to be friends with the owner's family, shout out to Paris & Dylan). The rest of the night was kind of a blur as the midnight hour ushered in my buddy's birthday as shots of patron and double orders of jack-n-coke were being tossed back like baseballs in a marathon extra-inning no hitter.

Highlights 
- Nice atmosphere inside of the dining area and the multiple bar layout of the entire space. We kept bouncing from one area of the Brewery to another which made it convenient to order a round of shots as we did a merry-go-round around the compound.
-Friendly bartenders and waiting staff. Name dropping like the Game, I gotta say it was good to be amongst friends as the night wore on and my friend eventually collapsed over after almost 20+ shots and mixed drinks barely being able to stand up on his own support. Luckily he had a few of his friends, myself included, to help him stagger back to our ride.
-Food. Even though I only sampled a small portion of the menu the sushi caught me off guard being that this was a brew-pub/restaurant but surprisingly it was well prepared and the fish was pretty fresh as well.

Closing thoughts. Patron is always a good idea before international borders begin to cross into Tennessee Whiskey country, but what's a party without a little Jack to spice up the evening's entertainment? Big outdoor deck for summertime fun with a nice scenic view of the waterway below. Music as expected wasn't the main attraction, but the scenery was an interesting mixed crowd with everyone seeming to enjoy themselves.
Oh my gosh I have never had such a good Halloweekend. My boyfriend and I bought tickets to the Brewery Halloween Bash. We purchased the 35$ VIP tickets and it was SO WORTH IT. It included an open bar, a small buffet, and a DJ in almost every room. 

By the end of the night the entire place was insane (in a wonderful way) and we stayed there from 8-2. The open bar consisted of real cocktails and drafts as far as the eye could see. Will 100% be returning not just for halloween but possibly a brewery tour too. Great job!!
Always a safe bet to come here. There's a little bit of everything on the menu... including sushi. 

My friend got the flight of beer which is actually a really good deal for like $10.00 to sample all the beers on their menu. She got the poutine and wings. Both which looked great. Their wings are definitely a decent size as well. My friend said avoid the Caesar salad since she got that the last time and was kind of a let down.

I've been here a few times. I usually go for the poke bowl but yesterday I got a Philadelphia roll and a spicy tuna roll. Both were good.. but maybe a little small for the price at around $8.00 for a basic roll. 

The happy hour menu is also awesome because I believe it is half off beers so they end up being pretty cheap for beer made in house. 

I also like their overall vibe.. good spot for a date or hang out with friends. Most of the time the service is good. I'll be coming back.
WEDDING RECEPTION REVIEW:
I. LOVED. EVERYTHING. HERE! Paris, my doll & savior, she was amazing! Throughout the entire process, she was honest (with me, the groom, and the coordinators) and always made sure I would have my visions come true. Even when I was worried about seating, space, food, etc. she would accommodate whatever I needed, while reassuring me that everything would work out (She was totally right). Paris was super easy to get in contact with and was so much fun to work with (I'm kind of sad that I won't have correspondence with her anymore). My guests loved the MBC & absolutely loved the beer options ("beware of the Rise & Grind"-- I was told :-D). We went with a cocktail style wedding a.k.a. appetizers only, and people were full & happy all night long- Including me! The bartenders were patient and fun, the servers were sweet and smiling and it was just a complete BLAST. I wish I could do it every weekend. Thank you so much MBC crew! (Photos attaches are not professional)
This place has an amazing view of the river from the back deck.. ... I ordered a salad.. and it was great.. .. and OMG I ordered this soup.. it was a crab chowder... and it was DELICIOUS! .. my waitress was very nice... very accommodating .. The space is HUGE.. apparently if the entire place was full it would seat about 500 people.. you could never tell this from the street.. they have multiple bars.. and they also have a little sushi bar... its neat.. lots of TV's and speakers to hear games..  it has potential to be awesome.. .I'd like to go and try other foods.. and if that soup is any indication of the other foods they serve then I'm sure I'll be pleased.
Love brew pub for dinner, drinks, or a full night out.  The freshly prepared sushi is probably my favorite thing on the menu, but the pizzas, sandwiches and salads are nothing to turn your nose up at.  Love their beer, some standard, some rotating, and especially love it on thursday nights when beers are $2 until midnight.  8% alcohol beers will have you falling of your stool before you know it, as at least one beer in the lineup usually is.

Love that there is a "secret" upstairs club/lounge with a dance floor, bar, couches and huge window looking out onto main street.  I say "secret" because I had been to brew pub probably 15-20 times before I knew that the sketchy stairway by the bathrooms didn't just go up to a storage closet.  Think your girlfriend is just taking a really long crap in the bathroom?  She's probably upstairs dancing with some dude at the "secret" club.
First time here in a long time! We were seated quickly and the staff was friendly and helpful. My friends were super pumped about the $11 flights! Our food and drinks came quickly and no one had any complaints (well, could've done with a little more cheese for the cheese fries...). Definitely a different experience coming in on a Monday night than on a weekend. We had a good time this round though!
An extremely mediocre restaurant all around.

the service, seating area, decor were all just so so. we got seated in the patio area where the heater was  either cooking us or off completely on a cycle. I usually don't feel the need to comment on the chairs but they were extremely small - even as a decently  small person I felt slightly uncomfortable in the chairs so I can't imagine how comfortable it could be for anyone larger.

the service was friendly but disorganized. decor was nothing notable. though we were in the patio area, we were not treated to any of the views.

the beer selection was great! they had interesting names and a good selection of the lesser common types and - sours, porters, and more.
we ordered nachos (absolutely massive) and fries. the nachos was a big dish but with little flavor or anything special. the shredded chicken  on top was useless. the fries were not hot and not crispy and the sauce seemed to be melted American single cheese. blegh

fine place to hang out but try better for good food
Came here for brunch this past Sunday and was definately pleased! Service was spectacular and food was delicious. Also, mimosas and bloody marys are half price during brunch. :-)

Lox n bagel...AMAZING! It was one of my favs there that day. They had salad, fruit salad, pasta salad (wasn't too fond of this one), eggs benedict (mmmm), scrambled eggs, turkey and pork sausage, bacon, home fries, french toast, waffles, omlette station (which I did not have a chance to eat bc I was overstuffed), swedish meatballs, salmon, fried chicken, bbq chicken, etc etc etc. There were plenty more, but I'm sure you rather just go there and find out for yourself. Oh, don't forget to use the apple cinnamon butter they have right next to the french toast area. OMG!!!! MMMMMM. 

I will be back! See you soon
After being at a Manayunk food tour we were so close to the brewery that we just had to check it out.  We popped in around 2 pm and we were the only patrons at the bar. Very nice modern bar with beaucoup tables with waitress service. 

As mentioned we went on a food tour so this review is for the BEER only. We tried a sampler - flight if you like, of 8 beers; with a bonus 9th being hopped cider! All this for $8 ;quite a bargain.

This being summer the beer offerings were seasonal as expected. They were mostly lighter beers with the exception of Monk from the Yunk. The Bohemian Blond I could have totally done without but if you're a lite drinker you may want to start here. Other beers were fruit oriented with a wheat base while one was a peanut butter porter that was drinkable in the warmer weather.

I've had Manayunk beers before and they are a quality brewery. I guess I wasn't blown away with any one beer this trip. Notable selections for me included the aforementioned Monk and the sour beers.

Looking forward to coming back at the change of season; perhaps the fall
Paris Rose and staff at the Manayunk Brewing Company helped make Oct. 8 2016 the best day of our lives.

We rented the space from 630 to 11 p.m. and had our ceremony and reception upstairs in the River Club. We were able to decorate to our liking but the place is beautiful alone. The walls, doors, floors, red chairs and mirrors and pictures are all amazing and make decoration less of a hassle.

Paris answered any and every question we had quickly and helped reduce stress as I was a bit of a "Groomzilla" Lol.

The menu turned out great and everyone loved the food and hors d'oeuvres.  The drinks were strong and the bar tenders did an amazing job and worked quickly. No one had to wait long for another drink.

There was plenty of space for our DJ and photobooth and there are so many great areas to take pictures inside of the River Club.

We can't thank Paris and the staff enough and we are already planning to have our 30th birthday party in the same location.
This spot has been my go to when I want to grab a beer during Covid. The staff is kind, helpful, and respectful of the guidelines. The patio In the back on the river is huge, with fire pits on the uncovered part and a fireplace on covered side. 

Food/drink: 4.5 stars - the beer is top notch. My favorite is the Belgium triple and the schwarzbier. With Covid I've only tried a few of the apps but I've heard awesome things about the sushi! 

Service: 5 stars - Amanda is great along with the rest of the staff. They are all helpful and make you feel comfortable. When I was here with my parents they let us change tables from a high top to a lower table without issues.

Atmosphere: 5 stars - The patio is huge and very spacious for Covid times. I've sat in the uncovered and the covered part. Both are awesome but can't wait to hang out at the huge inside bar.
I would start by saying first and foremost the atmosphere is 5/5. The place is massive, with multiple rooms which each have their own vibe, and absolutely fantastic outdoor space. 

Secondly, the food was very well done brewery food. Nothing special, but everything was tasty and servings were large. We just got sandwiches, the Mac n cheese, and some apps. 

The drinks were great! We had a few shots that were all generously poured, and tasted great. I had two of their beers, and each had a great flavor.

Great brewery spot!
This place has a great location, a great building, good beer, and pretty decent food, but there's no reason that anyone should subject themselves to the treatment that the owner, management and a portion of the staff here give customers.  I don't know if it's still going on, but a couple of the employees at the Brewpub used to pull a scam to steal from customers.  About a year and a half ago, realizing that they had done this to my table on my way out the door, I tried to turn around to talk to a manager.  The person at the door insisted that I couldn't turn around without (re)paying their $10 cover charge.  I explained that I just wanted to go back in to clear up a bill issue with the manager, and they still refused to let me in.  I offered that, if they preferred, they could ask the manager to come to the door, at which point their security guard began to threaten me.  At that point, I figured that the small amount that they'd stolen wasn't worth the trouble of dealing with them.

The next day, I called to tell a manager about what had happened.  I would have thought that he'd be glad that someone told him, instead of just steering people away from the place silently.  When I finished the story, the manager asked "Why the **** are you telling me?"  So, I asked to speak to the owner.  The owner was audibly drunk and yelled "You people all just want something for nothing!!! [A bunch of expletive laden nonsense.]" (Mind you, I wasn't asking for anything.)

After that, I, obviously, was reluctant to go back.  Some friends cajoled me into it a couple of weeks ago, though, and the experience was again poor.  My food came out cold.  I asked if they could reheat it but the waiter seemed unable to handle that on his own.  The manager came over and told me that he knew I just wanted my meal for free and that he wasn't going to do it.  In the end, my food was never reheated.

The owner of the Brewpub and some of his managers are truly abusive people.  You're online, so you can find plenty of more egregious stories of their misconduct for yourself.  As much as this place has going for it, do not risk going here.  Hopefully, after alienating enough people, they will go out of business and someone capable of treating others with basic dignity will take over that location.
First time visiting the Manayunk Brewery since moving here and this place was recommended from someone we bought furniture from. Not the most solid source but turned out to be pretty nice. The entrance is down a little alleyway off of Main St and you walk right into a big open area with a little stage for live music off to your left and a sushi bar just behind the hostess stand. Considering this is a brewery we were a little confused about the sushi, but also being people that love sushi, we were happy about it. We asked to sit outside because we saw they had outdoor seating and boy do they. A short walk through the indoor seating brings you out into the outdoor but half covered bar and seating area. The bar itself is covered but when you walk a little bit past the bar there is additional outdoor seating, as well as a countertop to sit and overlook the Schuylkill river flowing by. 

We sat at the bar as we wanted to try out the happy hour (4-7pm, 1 dollar off all drinks and discounted food). I started off with the Monk from the Yonk and it was very good, tasted almost like a Golden Monkey from Victory Brewing if you are familiar with that. My girlfriend got the Moscow mule which was also delicious and my sister got the Brew Cider Sangria which was interesting but good. The bartenders were very nice and answered all of our questions we had. 

As for the food, we ordered the wings, the chicken quesadilla, and the pizza, all off of the happy hour menu. The wings were wonderful and almost comparable to a wing restaurant, although we aren't really sure what flavor we got as we were never asked, it was very good regardless. The chicken quesadilla was awesome as well and they definitely did not hold back on the ingredients like some places do for quesadillas. Finally the pizza, it was alright but just tasted like a frozen pizza you would make at home.  

Overall, it's a great scene and I definitely will be coming back to check out the rest of the beer and the large menu.
Stick to the beer, my cucumber jalapeño margarita wasn't great. Food was good and really cool atmosphere.  Super relaxing and killer music.
Solidly good food at pretty reasonable prices. 

Great, fresh beers (LOVE the Schuylkill punch - makes me happy). 

And a gorgeous, large deck with that is always a good place to hang out and always a good time.
I rarely find reasons to go to Manayunk, and this place is not going to convince me to go back. We went over the summer and the experience was just all around bad. After wandering through the maze that is the insides (it is really like four restaurants poorly fused together), we finally gave up and decided to sit outside, even though it had recently rained. We managed to find a dry table under an awning, which was nice--the rest of the place was a crush of people with nary a free table or chair in sight. Unfortunately, most of the beers our party tried to order simply weren't there; they were out, but hadn't been replaced yet. The beer that I DID try (Schuylkill punch, possibly?) was warm, flavorless, and simply unappealing. For the prices they were charging, having it served in plastic cups was just tacky. The food was unmemorable. Yep, I'm staying in the city from now on!
This review is solely for the late Friday night drinking experience.  

$5 cover, $2 coat check, and normal-priced drinks....so it's pretty standard.  I only ordered vodka cranberries, though I'd like to come back during the day and try their nice selection of local craft beers.

What impressed me was the size of this place.  Perhaps I'm used to always being jostled around in tight spaces in Philly pubs, so this was a nice change of pace.  Huge main bar/restaurant area, followed by another bar in the back, another on the side with fireplaces and an entire upstairs one.  I love bars where you can move around seamlessly if you're sick of the vibe in one room and need something new.  I also heard there's a patio out back in the summer, so I'll definitely be coming back for that.

DJ was pretty decent, started off with the regular top 40s and throwbacks and finished off the night with electro & house.

Favorite part of the place was the photo booth, which was a lot of fun and got progressively funnier as the drunkenness of the night went on.

Crowd was a weird mix of Philly U & St. Joe's bros and an older crowd from the city, but there seemed to be a nice tolerance for very, very drunk people who should've been cut off hours before.

Bonus:  pizza place right across the street for when you get the drunken munchies!  

Be forewarned:  competing with other groups of people for a cab in shitty weather on Main St. was kind of a pain in the ass, so have arrangements in advance.
This is one of my go to spots on Main St and I haven't been disappointed yet. The ambience is really nice and casual. The inside is huge and there's also an outdoor section with a nice view. The food is always pretty good and I like how they have a variety of cocktails for the non-beer drinkers like myself. The have a wide selection of food on their menu and even a sushi bar. I've had the spicy tuna and Philly rolls which were both really good. 

This is a great spot for a date or a group of friends. Don't except to be blown away by the food or service though but you won't be disappointed either.
We stopped by for lunch and beers after a long trail run up in Wissahickon. And on a beautiful spring afternoon, you can't get much better than beers on the deck overlooking the Schuykill at Manayunk Brewery. 

Solid selection of their own brews--both the pils and Bohemian blonde were quite refreshing, though the IPA is tasty (albeit hard to drink after a run). Food is a notch above what you get from most breweries, though the inclusion of sushi is rather...odd. I steered clear of it myself, as breweries + sushi typically don't go together, and settled on a sandwich and fries. Not just fries, but glorious beer-battered fries. I could make several meals of those alone. 

It was pretty lightly populated mid-afternoon, though I hear it turns into a royal sh*tshow as the evening progresses. Not sure if I would frequent it then, but I'll definitely be back for post-Wissahickon beers.
Came here with two friends and their kids. The staff seemed quite courteous of the high energy three year old. His food came out quickly and he was quite satiated. 

I tried their beef sandwich with cheese. The meat could have been more moist, though the dish did come 'au jus' so I guess I shouldn't really complain. The french fries were great, loved them. Crispy but thick with a little beer batter for good measure. 

I had the peach beer and then the Schulkyll Punch (raspberry) for fruity beers they weren't too fruity...or rather they didn't taste like fake sweet stuff (ie malt liquors). 

All in all, not all that crazy special but certainly okay for a beer and sandwich kind of night out.
***3.5 in the future world where yelp let's us do half stars***

My beer loving family was in town so I figured the jazz brunch here would be the perfect place to take them. 

While I'm not a big fan of buffets, this is the only option on Sunday so we made a reservation and showed up around 12:30. 

We walked in to a very beautifully decorated place and the band was already creating a wonderful atmosphere! 

They were the star of this brunch by far and if not for them my rating would not be so high! 

It took awhile for our waitress to greet us and she had to yell over the music to explain everything. For some reason they think adding 18% gratuity is convenient for their customers... it's a buffet cmon 

Anyway, the buffet is straightforward with your classic breakfast foods like eggs, meats, potatoes, bagels (no toaster), waffles, baked goods, omelette station, and the non-breakfast foods included pasta, meats, and some salads. 

Most of the food was meh, the waffles were too soft for my taste and the eggs Benedict was over cooked but no surprise there. 

The beer was everyone's favorite part! We got the sampler and some other drinks. 

Also note: only coffee/tea is included in the buffet. Juice is extra- weird! 

Overall, I won't be running back for this expensive brunch but it was a fun experience to have with a group and the band/booze kept us happy throughout!
Checked out this place with some friends. I had previously been there but it was during club hours. 

To begin, it was a beautiful and unseasonably warm Sunday so we decided to sit outdoors. The host told us there was a bit of a wait ( because warm weather). I gave her my number so that she will text us when seat becomes available. 20 minutes later I get a text, we grabbed an outdoor seat on the patio. 

To start off I tried the Rise & Grind cocktail which is basically spiked iced coffee. I only managed to drink a 4th of it before switching over to Sangria. 

I decided to order the chicken quesadilla with a side of Guac (avocado is bae). Now the quesadilla was good but nothing to brag about. My friend order the same thing and felt exactly the same. I did love that it was more crunchier than traditional tortillas. The chicken could've used just a little bit more flavor. 

Our waiter was extremely busy as there was alot of people eating so it was often a bit of a wait before she came back to us. I won't fault her because she did an amazing job. 

I particularly enjoyed the view and the variation of indoor/outdoor seating environment . I would definitely like to come here again for brunch and hear the live jazz band they have. The décor is entertaining and very informative. Check it out if you have a chance because the view of the Schuylkill is pretty nice and relaxing.
Manayunk Brewery is one of those brews that I have enjoyed several times in can form and have been meaning to pay a visit to for awhile. So when I found myself visiting the area a little more frequently it became the first spot on my list to visit. And after a couple of visits I can definitely call it a full package brewery that has a lot to offer!

Upon entry my first impression was noting how freaking huge the Brewery is. But in this case that adds up to a lot of perfect bar arrangements that cater to any patron, whether they prefer grabbing a stool at a massive bar, lounging in a booth with multiple friends, grabbing a center table for a date, or standing to watch the big game on a projector screen!! They even have a mini-store for picking up merchandise and limited release beers, and plenty of room for private parties!

In most breweries when you see 10+ beers on tap it becomes pretty difficult to choose that perfect brew. But since Manayunk has an extraordinary deal that allows you to order a flight of ALL THE BEERS, that problem is pretty easily eliminated. It's also given me plenty of opportunity to relive old favorites like Monk From The Yunk, try new favorites like the Sir Dank A-Lot triple IPA, and gave me an easier time of trying less appealing beers like their Mint Chocolate Chip Crunch Porter (just not my thing).

When looking through the menus the first two things I noticed was how freaking huge the main one was, and how out of place the secondary sushi menu seemed to be in a brewery. But after enjoying a few pieces of sashimi I can report that it somehow works. But I've also enjoyed offering like their southern fried chicken littles, the traditional Cuban sandwich w/ pulled pork and thinly sliced ham on Swiss, and their Kennet Square Pizza with all the mushrooms and goat cheese!

Add in a Live Jazz Brunch with all the fixings on Sunday, and you have plenty of reasons to visit!
So I have been here a few times now and keep meaning to yelp but always forget so here it goes.

The beer is great I am especially fond of the IPA as I am a girl that enjoys my hops!  The food is so so.  I have had there Pizza which is pretty decent and there calamari app was great, but nothing really stood out to me when I had dinner there.  The outdoor dining is great!

The crowd is what you would expect some young professionals but also a lot of popped collars and short skirts.  not really my cup of tea.  Best to go on a sat afternoon and try to avoid it after 10 unless that is your thing then enjoy and pop that collar with pride!
Great location in a cute town. I can see how this place would be packed outside of this covid time. They provide hand sanitizer which is nice. The outdoor tent is a great idea and youre not crowded at all. They have a lot of unique options on the menu for a brewery; like sushi. The food came out really quick I was impressed. Simple but nice food presentation. We had a Cesar salad and some sushi. I was surprised at how good the sushi was. Reasonable prices too. I would definitely come back.
Everything about this place is pretty amazing. They have their own sushi bar section, their own brick-oven for pizzas, etc etc. The ONLY reason it's not 5 stars is bc they don't allow FLIPPIN DOGS outside??? What the heck Manayunk Brewery.
On Sunday it was 70 degrees and sunny so my boyfriend and I decided to venture to Manayunk for the day. After walking around all day we decided to put our name in at Manayunk Brewery for lunch on their outdoor patio. We had to wait about 45 minutes, but it ended up being 100% worth the wait.

We were seated by an extremely friendly hostess who led us to our table on their shaded outdoor patio. We each started with their delicious Pink Peppercorn beer. I love that they only serve the beers that they make in house and explain their process on their menu. We loved the Pink Peppercorn beer so much that we decided to order a $9 sampler with all of their beers. We had fun sipping on each one and experiencing all the flavors going on.

Since it was so hot and sunny we were both really in the mood for a burger or sandwich to go with our cold beer. I ordered their veggie burger and my boyfriend ordered the pesto chicken sandwich. The veggie burger was good, but definitely did not taste homemade :( Our food also came with some crunchy housemade potato chips which were delicious!

All in all, Manayunk Brewery delivered exactly the kind of experience that we were looking for on such a beautiful day. Can't wait to come back!
Great space for large and small events.  Food is decent and of places I've investigated for baby showers and various similiar events, it's very affordable for what you get.  Service can be trying if you are the event planner, but I don't believe the guests were affected by some bad attitudes I ran into.  I've been to a high school reunion AND a baby shower in their event room and the space translated well for both!
Went for lunch while my family was in town visiting Manayunk for the first time. I immediately thought of Brew Pub as a nice place that we could sit outside on the deck during a beautiful Saturday afternoon. 

It was graduation weekend for a few colleges so it seemed busier than usual for lunch. We had to wait at the bar about 20 minutes before being seated but we didn't mind since we got a chance to try out some of the micro brews. I tried the Manayunk Wit, which was their version of a wheat beer. My father tried that Lager and liked it, but wanted it to be a little darker. 

For lunch we had an assortment of things - the coconut shrimp appetizer was good, nice and crispy with a nice spicy dipping sauce. My dad had the crab chowder which he though was some of the best chowder he's ever had. 

For my entree I got the lobster crab cake sandwich... be warned, it's pretty small and if you're not into eating a bunch of french fries for lunch you may want to go for something else. The flavors were good, but certainly not that unique. My bf ordered the brisket sandwich (which he's had before) and it was so flavorful and delicious. I loved the blue cheese horseradish sauce that came with, it perfectly complemented the meat. The little bro ordered the chicken parm which was pretty basic. His only comment on it was that he thought there was too much cheese - I think there's no such thing as too much cheese, but he's a weird kid. 

All in all it was a pretty good experience, maybe my rating is on the high side because the weather was so perfect. Our server was extremely nice, but service was a little slow...probably due to all of the large parties for graduation lunches.
*Wedding Venue Review*

I was here on Sunday for a family wedding. We initially went into the "main" entrance down the ramp and into the bar. I loved the sushi area and the big bright tap list on the wall. It wasn't too loud but there were a lot of people there watching the football game. I would have loved to hang out there. Upstairs, the ceremony and reception were in the big room which was plenty big for our group and had stations with DIY sliders, cheesesteak, and stir fry. The food was fresh and hot and tasted great. We also had a private bar for the cocktail hour and reception with (what I think was the same tap list as the main bar). I only had one beer (the Rise & Grind) which was fantastic, but I tried sips of other beers and they were all really well made. I even brought home a four-pack of the Crunch and the King Crunch back to CT! 

Manayunk itself is a cute little town and I am hoping to come back and check it out.
A brewery with full sushi bar!? Yes please! For being a brewery, this place has same really great food. Get the Hot Crab Dip to start, it was just the right amount of crab, spices, and creaminess. All of the entrees sounded good but we got the cherry glazed salmon (which was really good!) and 2 sushi rolls.. The Volcano roll and the Manayunk roll. Both good proportions of filling to rice, so pretty well made. :)

Loved their beer. The most popular option is to get a flight of all their beers for about $10? This is a good thing to do, since some beers were not what we expected. 

Downsides:
-Parking: this is a problem for pretty much everywhere in Manayunk, but it looks like the meters out front are free after 6pm
-Service: when our waiter was around he was fine, but sometimes he just disappeared. We noticed the waiters were all just hanging out in the next room. We had to wait multiple times with empty beers
I don't know why people are complaining about this place, me and my boyfriend stopped in here because he had a job interview in the area, and it was pretty amazing.

Every single beer I tried was absolutely fantastic. We tried the Schuylkill Punch, Tripel Lindy, California Dreaming, Oatmeal Stout, the ... something Cru, and maybe one or two more whose names I can't remember. 

You can try all of their beers in a sample size to see if you like it, and I'm not even a girl that likes hoppy beers but their California Dreaming which is a freaking imperial ipa was so great, it finished really smoothly and didn't try and punch you in the face like other hoppy beers. The schuylkill punch was probably my favorite though, it's a lager with a shitload of raspberries but it doesn't have an overwhelming fruity taste, its just really nice and crisp and refreshing.

Aside from having fucking awesome beer, the bartender, whose name was Christopher was hilarious and attentive and kept us entertained the whole time we were there with general chit chat and stories. 

We didn't try any of the food, but honestly I wouldn't go to a brewery to eat anyway.
So...this place. We went here for brunch. And we brunch all over the city. A different place every Sunday. But this place, ugh.

We got there at 12:30ish. They were serving a brunch buffet for $22 but if you wanted to sit outside you had to order from the menu (totally fine). We wanted to sit outside, but then they informed us that we would have to wait because they couldn't give us the lunch menu until 1pm. Ok fine - but can we sit? No, you can't sit. Not until we can serve the lunch menu, wtf?!

The whole place was crawling with unnecessarily pretentious staff (you're on a river and it's green - come on) who could not believe that we would be persistent and ask to be seated at the restaurant where we would be spending nearly $200 within an hour or so. 

The food was mediocre. The setting was nice - white umbrellas against the river and deck. The inside looked big, but dark. Our waitress was nice but not so happy with our request to move an unused umbrella to just partially cover our table of 13 people. 

I feel like I go out to eat almost every day. I travel all over. And I know when pretense is inevitable and somewhat understandable. Here it is not. I was entirely unimpressed. If it weren't for the serenity of the outdoor seating I think it would be a 1-star.
It gets the job done.  Good moderately priced food that will satisfy everyone in your group.  They have great beers made on site with high alcohol content typically going for $5.  Cover ($5) on the weekend from 10p-1a?  Sometimes there is a long line and sometimes the crowd seems slim since the place is huge.
The first time I went there I was like WOW, but then I realized WOW was really for the outdoor deck seating and not so much for the Beer and definitely NOT the food.

It took me a while to figure out this place. The beers are always good, no matter which one you get, they are never bad, never AMAZING, they are just good. I tried alot of the beers from the beer menu they give you when you sit outside. Unless you are really into Basil, do not order the Basil beer, the flavor is pretty strong.

Food is what really disappointed me. I've tried the Fish tacos, chicken pizza, the hummus plate and some kind of spicy chicken dish. AGAIN! Where are the flavors? It just was not enough refined.  Also, I don't like my beer served in plastic glasses, even if it may be convenient on the deck, I want real glass.

I am giving it a 4 star because I do have great memories and am very fond of this place :[ but it truly is more of a 3star. It would be an amazing place if they worked on their food a bit, I mean I'll still drink those beers, they are pretty good, if not the best!
I am absolutely horridly shocked by the quality of food at this place. By FAR, the worst sandwich I have ever had IN MY LIFE. 3 of us ordered the chicken, brie, and pineapple sandwich, and every single one of us absolutely hated it. The sourdough bread was old, the chicken was so ROCK SOLID that it cut the roof of my mouth! My friend tried to cut hers but the knife wouldn't even cut through! How can they even serve this?! The brie tasted like plastic, and when they say pineapple salsa, they literally mean one tiny cube of pineapple.

Fries also tasted like cardboard... not just cardboard, but old bland cardboard. If I could I would rate this place negatively for food. But, I have to be fair and say the location along the river was nice, and the servers were helpful, which brings this place up to 2 stars.

I really don't understand how they can serve the food they did. Maybe they assume people will be drunk enough to not care about what they are putting in their mouths. I wish I could say I am exaggerating, but trust me when I say I am actually trying to be nice. Nonetheless, I would definitely recommend AGAINST coming here for food, but to give a fair review, would say this would be a nice place to come in for drinks.
I've been here a couple times and enjoyed it both times. We ordered the quesadillas and the Kennett Square pizza and they were both delicious. The beer selection is great (try the Oatmeal Stout) and the prices are reasonable. Free popcorn at the bar is a nice tough. All in all, not a bad place, even with all the choices in Manayunk. The canal walk behind it is nice, too.

Special Note: Outdoor seating when weather permits.
This rating is based off only during day brunch. I have not been here for dinner or lunch. 

The place looks like an old factory from the outside and it's so beautiful with such a relaxing vibe inside. The jazz band was amazing and I could sit there and listen to them for hours. 4$ mimosas which were really good because the orange juice was freshly squeezed and the champaign was decent. Bathrooms were clean and service was great. 

Now Food!.... it is buffet style... pasta salad was delicious, eggs Benedict were OK I've def had better ... bacon was cooked perfectly, fried swordfish was so so good. The grits were BANGING... the lox was not fresh and too fishy. The baked salmon was flaky and fresh and sweet but perfectly seasoned. I did not have any pastries or omellete but it all looked so good. I've been to buffets before but this was elegant food for a buffet with a lot of loved put into it. We sat inside because we wanted to hear the band but we did go outside to check it out and it's a really nice seating area on a lake I believe or maybe the bay not sure I am not familiar with the area. I would recommend trying this place out
I am in love with the outdoor deck here. This is THE place to be in the summertime enjoying drinks and listening to the live music (most of the time). You have to try all the different brews they offer (don't drink miller lites!)
I've been to the Brewery many times and each visit is worse than the one before. The very first time I was there was just for drinks. We sat at the bar and had some quesadillas which were decent. Pretty pleased overall. One of the next times I was there was for dinner. I had their veggie flat bread pizza which was sub par at best. Not very flavorful and the flat bread was really soggy...eww. The last time I was there was a Thursday night and it was absolutely empty however there was a dj blasting dance music right next to the bar. The only person dancing was a 40ish year old woman and although she was really enjoying the music no one else was...at all. Needless to say, we left shortly after arriving. Having to yell in an empty just doesn't make sense. 
So far, the Brewery has been hit or miss for me. Definitely love their Manayunk Lager but not enough to go there often.
4 star brews, 2 star food. For beer, they offer an a solid group of longstanding favorites and switch up the other half of the beer menu with seasonal surprises that never disappoint. you can try a relatively inexpensive flight that will allow you to try every beer they have on tap so you can bring home a full growler of your favorite!  Ok and now on to the food: (the food used to be 4 star, but then the food went WAY down hill) It peaked around 2009 - 2010. The calimari in particular went from being great to mediocre to bad. They used to serve way fetter quality calimari with 4 great sauces (marinara, tang duck suace and honey mustard) sauces and now serve TARTER sauce with the calimari that has a fishy tatste. The other food has experienced a similar decline over the past 3 years. My last visit was my last time to ever order food there again. Stick with their beers, they are still good as ever!
This is a wonderful place for a Sunday Jazz brunch. For $20, you get so much good food (salmon, ribs, made-to-order omelettes, toll house cookies, Arnold Palmers) and music (yay for harmonicas) and a pleasant, diverse, friendly ambiance - that you'll be hooked. The walk to parking lot along a calm canal is worth it alone.
I went here for New Year's Eve and it was great! The atmosphere was fantastic and the drinks were great! It was pretty crowded but you didn't feel like you were on top of each other because they opened the upstairs. 
This brewery was very unique. It had pictures and old items across the brewery. They had multiple different bars so you never had to wait long to get a drink. They also had food as well! If you were not VIP they still had food stations set up. I was a VIP and we had a table. At the table our waitress kept giving us food and drinks. She also made sure we were okay, and it was not that long of wait considering how packed it was. 
The downstairs was pretty relax. They had a dj playing music, but the upstairs was where the party was at! The upstairs was pretty massive and the dj was great! The music was fantastic and the atmosphere was great!
I highly recommend coming here for New Year Eve! I heard that their Halloween party is great so I can't wait to go there! I also want to go here and sample their beers. I know for a fact that I will be back for sure!
Absolutely horrendous. Ordered hummus platter and the vegetables were wilted and look like they had been sitting out for days. They seriously looked like they were pulled out of the trash. Sushi roll was way overpriced at $14 and looked like something prepacked at a gas station.
Normally this doesn't work, but Manayunk Brewery does a surprisingly good job being everything to everyone. Brewery, sports bar, restaurant, patio, event space, and SUSHI BAR all rolled into one.

The beer is good, the general menu isn't great, but I will absolutely come back for the sushi. This is a rare spot where you can satisfy your sushi craving, but other people you're with can opt for (an albeit mediocre) pizza.
This place is pretty cool.  It is spacious inside with a warm ambiance.  Starting later in the evening they have live music.

Well, it was kind of counter productive for me not to order a home brewed beer at this place, but I couldn't decide what I wanted to go with my fish dinner.  So I opted for a Blue Moon in a bottle.  They have about 8 home brews on tap and a small selection of bottles and macro-brewed beer.  My date had one of the home brews and said that it wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything spectacular.  We both agreed that that is better than having something bad, and for me, I can't really tell what a 'good' beer is; I just know what I dislike.

For dinner I had the Talapia Fillet (a white, flaky fish) over garlic mashed potatoes, with a side of steamed vegetables and a white cream sauce.  It was great!  I haven't had a meal at a restaurant in a while where I said to myself, "This is a meal I'd actually want to pay for."  For $16.95, there was plenty on the plate.  In fact, I was unable to finish it.  That is a rarity.

My date had the grilled chicken sandwich.  It was tastey, however, the fries are beer battered.  If that isn't your thing, ask for another side dish.

We were so full that we didn't get to order a dessert.  Their menu was amazing.  I was already for the peanut butter mousse.

Overall, their prices for entrees ($12-$25) are priced well for the portions and quality of food that they serve.  They have long tables for big parties and they have a separate area with a sushi bar.  (I looked over the sushi menu and the prices were typical for an order [6 pieces] of a Philadelphia Roll (~ $7).

There is a bar/lounge on the second floor.  If you use the men's bathroom up there, there is an attendant that will hand you a paper towel to dry your hands.  In addition, there are a slew of cologne's, deodorants, and other grooming products, if you're into that sort of thing.  Have a one dollar bill ready because this guy won't readily break a twenty.
I'm a big fan of brew pub food but for some reason the Manayunk Brewery was a solid meh for me. 

The atmosphere, the staff, the food, --and yes, even the beer --all suffer from the same 'so what' factor. Add in the trek we had to make to get here and it's just not worth it.
I blame myself for my experience here. We were down the street already parked and saw the negative reviews and continued to walk in because I saw that someone said the nacho were delicious. I love nachos to a fault. 

We were seated immediately and it seemed to be perfect timing because many tables were clearing. After sitting for what seemed to be forever, I looked at my check in and noticed we had been here for 15 minutes already and have not even been noticed by a server. I asked the hostess and she had a server see us immediately. That was great but the fact that the server didn't even apologize for the long wait was a red flag. A 20 minute wait to even have a server acknowledge us is extreme. 

After a server came over it was a mediocre experience. We had nachos to share as an appetizer and they were good and we split a margherita pizza. That was more than enough to fill two of us. They weren't bad but it was not something that I would go out of my way to eat again.
On a bike ride around Philly, we stopped in Manayunk to check out the eateries and settled on the Brewery.

We walked to the back, and were immediately seated.  The hostess attempted to seat us in direct sunlight in the middle of the deck, when there were plenty of tables waterside available.  We requested a waterside table and our wish was granted.  (We got to watch every other "table" that was seated after us decline the same table until someone took the bait & finally sat there).  The hostesses both had a snip in their attitude.  The only chill that I wanted to feel is a good  drink down the back of my throat.  But beside that .... 

Mango mojitos are off the hook. Oh My God!!! Ordered the grilled chicken parmesean and it was delicious.  My date ordered the white pizza and loved it.

The service was excellent & the prices were not too bad. All in all a great time & I would definitely go back here.
Case and point, I was here for dinner and tried to order a drink while waiting for a table to open up. I had my license looked at for a minute, given back, then they asked for it again, took it to another person who then proceeded to take out of sight. (It's illegal for someone to take your license out of your sight for security reasons.) When I asked what was going on, they accused my ID of being fake (which it's not!), and when I finally got it back, it had been folded and pinched so hard that there's still a visible crease on the back of my ID. They acknowledged that they don't have one of those special ID lights nor do they have a machine to verify IDs. After sticking up for myself, I was kicked out by an unfriendly security guard.
We came here for lunch in the middle of the holidays. It was pretty empty (day after Christmas), but the atmosphere was nice and quaint despite such a large restaurant. The menu was great- large variety of choices. I settled for the special- grilled cheese with three cheeses and bacon and tomato.  This was a very adult grilled cheese and was delicious and filling.
Quite possibly one of my favorite local views in Philly!

Get away from the tourist traps and make Manayunk your home. Enjoy local bands on weekends, outdoors eats and pretty stellar sour brew offerings. Literally your next favorite summer outing, trust me!
I've been here many times; usually I have a decent experience and enjoy the food & drink, but on my most recent visit, the service is what really ruined my dinner. I enjoyed my burger and my cocktail, but a server spilled someone else's cup of au jus (from a roast beef sandwich) all over me. He initially had no idea what he did, so I spoke up and asked for napkins/help cleaning up. He never even apologized. I asked to speak to the manager and I told her what had happened. She told me that my meal would be comped...however upon receiving the bill there was just a discount.
This place is way nicer than i remember it from my college days.  i guess it turns more bar/drinking scene after 11 pm on the weekends? we were there a bit earlier for dinner. their menu is more extensive than i expected, and portion sizes were large.  warning: it gets reallllly loud when the band starts playing. 

i thought the pizzas looked a little weird/ not normal but no complaints on taste from the people who got pizzas. i got sushi (yes, they have sushi. its odd.) and it was good, decent sushi. very fresh.   apps were good (calamari was the best i have had anywhere, zucchini fries were a little too thick cut for my preference). The granny apple sandwich was also enjoyed by members of our party.  

Our server was AWESOME!! her name was Lindsay. she was accommodating and very pleasant. even though we may have been a pain in the butt. hopefully she thought we were entertaining.
To best experience Manayunk Brewery & Restaurant, I would highly suggest coming here on a warm summers eve.  The inside is cool also, but the outdoor deck seating, with a live band out back is amazing.  Sippin on some Schuylkill Punch (Raspberry-flavored beer) that is made by the brewery is fabulous with a warm night, good music and good friends.  Didn't eat any food, but will be going back again sometime to try that.  Our server was great, and the beers and mixed drinks were fantastic.  There is two levels to this bar, both inside and outside, which is a plus since it does get crowded rather quickly.  I'd suggest if you are meeting friends, arrange to meet before 8:30pm to avoid lines at the door, and I believe a cover charge also.
I really really liked this place! It was a great atmosphere to just sit and have good drinks and food. 

I had the honey IPA and I typically try to get different beers each time at a place like this but I liked the honey IPA so much I had 3 of them! 

We also got sushi and then later had chicken wings. Both were delicious! We spent several hours here and our waitress was very attentive the entire time. When she had to leave for the night we moved to the bar. 

Ill definitely be back here to try more menu items and other beers!

Update....

The wings dont taste the same as they used to. Every beer here just doesnt taste good. If they kept the honey ipa around all year that would be nice.

The service here also is lacking. I barely see my waitress. 

So for now, I wont be back for a long time.
I came here with my friends from outta town yesterday, we were all on our electric vehicles. These people who work at the establishment, were so kind and welcoming and polite and accommodating to us. They made us feel at home, we chatted up the other patrons and skated outta there feeling full in several ways. 

And this wasn't the first time. My friends from NYC love coming here when they come to Philly and MB has always treated super well. The food is frikkin amazing, the staff is dope and friendly, and the space is just fantastic!! We'll be back again for sure!!
Love the Brewery!  It's our go to when we have out of town guests.   Have great food.  The stone over pizzas are delicious.  Brewski Burger is awesome, along with the Skillet Baked Chocolate chip cookie!  Love all the beers they brew, especially the  SCHUYLKILL PUNCH Raspberry Ale

The location is great on the river.  They have a lot of outdoor patio seating too.  The weekend nightlife there is fun too with a live band.  Cover is $5 after 10pm.  There's a couple bars indoors and also outdoors.  There's another bar upstairs with some seating.  The second floor banquet room turns into a DJ/dance floor.
Schuylkill Punch... How I miss you.  The beer, not the drinking water, silly.  This is the place that truly started my love for wheat beers, the raspberry flavor was just perfect, without making it not taste like beer.  And I was always amused that the beer you were handed looked just like the murky water running out by the back deck.

I went to a catered event upstairs here once, the bartender was very good and their buffet was just as good as if you had ordered off the menu, which is an accomplishment.  The atmosphere upstairs was great for a group event, I highly recommend it.
On my way to Philadelphia I took a side route to alleviate the chocker block of the Schuykill expressway. I found my way through a town called Manayunk looking for a bite to eat and a beer. Unfortunately it was a very disappointing experience.

I was delighted to come across the local micro brewery in a very small unique town. The entrance which was a bit of a challenge since the front door doesn't operate and eventually found my way to to the side entrance. It had a good look though. Clean, welcoming and spacious. Possibly a hidden gem for lunch. Upon entering I was greeted by an empty restaurant and a very lovely hostess that offered me a table or the bar. I chose the bar.

The reviews told me the sushi was good but it wasn't available at lunch. I ordered an IPA because it is usually a safe bet. It wasn't bad. It wasn't great. Looking at the menu made me a bit queasy. Very much basic American bar food. Burgers, sandwiches, wings and a lot of fried options. No imagination and I began to worry about my choice to stop in this place.

The very nice bartender told me the brewery and restaurant had been in operation since 1996. This gave me hope. My food the California grilled chicken sandwich arrived after 45 minutes. The bartender was busy talking to another employee at the end of the bar and failed to check on my order. At this point I was regretting my decision to stop here. When I got this attention I ordered one of their cask beers and he went to fetch my food. 

My food was served and I tried the IPA cask beer choice. I usually prefer cask beer to beer that has additional nitrogen or carbon dioxide pressure. The beer was bad, very undrinkable and I told him. For a brewery that has been in operation since 1996 I expected more. I expected greatness. Not swill. I asked for a glass of water and tried my sandwich which was basic, small and cold in the middle. Nothing special here. He asked me about the food and I told him it was still cold he offered to heat it up and I decided to leave. I paid the bill and left after using the toilet. To my surprise there was a vendor in the mens that played music and sold perfume or paper towels for tips. This was to my surprise and shocking to have to pay for toilet use. Hopefully the brewery will work with a better brewer because there is a lot of potential here. The Manayunk Brewery was a chance stop and very disappointing. I wished I had kept moving. I would suggest others to keep moving. There must be better options than this in Philadelphia.
Checked this out with a large party for brunch the other weekend.  Never been here on Fri/Sat night but heard it gets pretty rowdy. 

They do cheap adult brunch beverages, mimosas and bloody marys, but are really strict about serving them no earlier than 11- it was like 1050 when we ordered.  Weird.  The only brunch option is a buffet.  They have live jazz music while you eat.    For twenty some dollars all you can eat and coffee.  Not usually a buffet person, don't get my money's worth.  But, this place can be the exception.  From eggs benedict , omelet bars, and carving stations there's something for everyone.  Personally, I probably ate $20 in smoked salmon.  Normal.    Everyone enjoyed their food.

Service was good.  I enjoyed the signs for 'high water level' around the restaurant.  Why not 5 stars?  Kinda pricey.
My Family recently came here for the Sunday Brunch & at $21 a person, it's hard to beat. 

The food was AMAZING & they had something for everyone to enjoy. Everything from an omelet bar, to fresh fruit, to french toast, to a carving station, to lunch options like salmon and veggies, to dessert. I didn't try a single thing I didn't like. It was all delicious, which isn't always easy for a buffet. My three favorites were the French Toast, the green beans and the mini chocolate chip cheesecakes. 

Coffee, tea and soft drinks are included in the brunch price, alcoholic drinks are extra. 

As if the food wasn't amazing enough, Manayunk Brewery also has an awesome atmosphere. During the brunch there was a live Jazz trio.

I highly recommend the brunch!
Went here on a date and ordered sushi. They waitress said they were running behind because they ran out of rice and needed to make more??? Thought this was bizarre! When my rolls finally came out the presentation was awful and the taste was even worse! Worst sushi experience of my life! I also had crab dip and a Cesar salad as apps and both were very sub par. Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone and will never go back!
I usually make it a point to stop by here when in manayunk but I probably won't be back. Waited close to 45 minutes for chicken wings. By the time they got to the table, we still had no napkins or silverware. The sauces for the wings also never arrived. Took another fifteen minutes to get the sauces and still no napkins or silverware. We asked for the manager who took another twenty minutes to come to the table. When she arrived she began arguing with us. Nasty attitude and snatched the wings out of my friends hands. Couldn't believe a manager would speak to someone like that. We ended up leaving as she continued to yell at us on the way out.
