And I'm a professional athlete I do not like GMOs fillers and MSG ...Funny story these people did nothing wrong besides be to embedded in their opinion. I was treating a group of friends to a nice evening meal at any restaurant that they wanted to go to they chose Mandarin Palace.  I'm a professional athlete who plays for the Philadelphia Eagles I don't eat Chinese food but I do like to go out and eat with friends. So I compromised I got a salad down the street at Sweet greens great salads they have excellent service. So I walk in with my sweet green salad and I ask the server who was very kind and understanding if I'm able to bring this salad in while my friends sit and enjoy their food we were seated and given menus. While my friends looked at their menus I started to eat, I had my food already and I hadn't eaten all day. Just when we where l about to order the manager comes out and says we don't allow outside food you have to leave. I proceeded to explain to him that I understand but I'm paying for this meal and that I don't eat Chinese food and on a strict diet so I would just like to sit here enjoy a nice meal with my friends at their location. He stayed persistent and insisted that I leave. Now I understand a restaurants moral code and belief system but I also believe that the customer is always right and being that the restaurant is BYOB ( bring your on beer and or alcoholic beverages) you would think that they would make accommodations for person in a party of people that doesn't partake in eating Chinese food. And they caused a scene I'm never been more embarrassed in a restaurant. Myself and all of my Friends left the restaurant , they lost out on a lot of money because I planned to do it big for my friends who had just graduated from Drexel. I'm asking you the people of Philadelphia to not support restaurants that treat customers this way. 
They're worried about one salad opposed to making some money if I was the owner of this restaurant I would be pissed about the management.
Better than ever Hong Kong wonton soup and the best sushi too! The hot food (hot n sour soup and Hong Kong wonton soup) arrived piping hot and the sushi arrived perfectly chilled. The sushi was fresh and delicious truly perfect! I ordered the Christmas roll - every bite was perfect!

I love the delivery man! It was so nice to see him again! I have to tell you that Mandarin Palace offers great sushi, and their other Asian cuisines are delicious too. And their service people (phone and delivery) are the nicest people! Call them order some food you will be very happy!!! What more could you want?
So good I ordered again! Please see photos of Christmas Roll and Love Roll. Also reordered both soups (Hong Kong Wonton Soup and Hot n Sour Soup) and shrimp with veg combo for next eve dinner ( tonight). I took a preview taste of the latter delish! Last night i enjoyed a portion of Hot n Sour Soup after sushi rolls. One complaint, the Love Roll came with spicy mayo. I don't recall that it was included in the description, in the future i will just say no mayo as it is not my thing. I prefer wasabi as the only heat on my sushi. 

I also tasted the Hong Kong Wonton Soup and the broth is even better than last time and HK wonton is delicious! If you've never tried Hong Kong Wonton Soup you will be pleasantly surprised! It's a large exotically seasoned meatball wrapped in a very thin and light noodle package it's the opposite of the classic American style version which is dominated by a thick noodle wrapping. Please Hong try Kong Wonton Soup you will be hooked. What more could you want?
Yep sushi was so good I ordered it again last eve. I'd Christmas Roll and Spider Roll. Soooo good! Fresh as can be and tasty too. Also ordered hot n sour soup and Hong Kong Wanton Soup for the weekend. I just finished the H&S soup and yum it packs a lot of flavor and heat. I have Hong Kong Wonton Soup in my fridge for tomorrow. Can't wait. The best leftovers! What more could you want?
Cheap Chinese food doesn't get better than this! We order this every week on our "cheat week!" It's DELICIOUS! Here's our go-to's:

General Tso's Chicken: SOOOOO good! And you get plenty of it! 
Chicken Fried Rice: Yummy!
Miso Soup: Again, a healthy portion
Scallion Pancakes: Don't even get me started! 

They deliver super fast, GrubHub always tells up around an hour but realistically it's always under 20 minutes! So far, they haven't messed up a single order (fingers crossed) Highly recommend for anyone craving some unhealthy amazing Chinese food! YUM!
I wasn't a fan of my meal here at Mandarin Palace. I found this place on Yelp and I decided to try it- despite the reviews being somewhat of a mixed bag. Some good, some not so good. I would have to say I should have trusted my gut- because I was throughly dissapointed in the quality of the food. The Beef & Broccoli was swimming in a gelatinous sauce that was completely unappetizing, and the Sweet & Sour Chicken- well I'm not sure it even was chicken.  Here's the information- you do what you want with it.
Well...I should have read my previous review to refresh my memory before ordering last night.

American Dream Roll - I was expecting this to be gourmet from all the premium ingredients in the roll and the price. Far, far, below my expectations.

Kao Pao Shrimp - So listen to this folks you pay $15.50 and need to pay $5.00 which is a discount from the $7.00 they charge for fried rice! To simplify you get NO RICE for $15.50 order for Kao Pao Shrimp!! This dish is also a bit too spicy to enjoy and not worth the money.

Miso Soup - $5.50 for a quart of Miso Soup...really??

INGRAIN IN MY BRAIN DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS SPOT AGAIN. 

Also, they do not read any special requests I wrote please make the Philadelphia roll with just avocado and cream cheese and they disregarded, I even wrote I would pay extra if it cost more to put avocado in it instead of Salmon. I mean I am only spending $59.00 on this order but okay I hear you loud and clear now Mandarin Palace just like you heard my request for my roll.

Hogwash!! If you ask me....Next!
Ahh, Wonderful Shrimp. If I had only ordered you alone, we would be looking at 4 stars right now. Good sized shrimp, coating still crisp under all that sauce, and crunchy steamed broccoli. Truly "Eating Hi-Excellent".

Unfortunately your counterparts are dragging you down with them. Chicken with Garlic Sauce is content with being middle of the pack, Egg Roll is past his prime (but still has a few tricks up his sleeve with a little soy sauce and mustard), and Wonton Soup basically mailed it in. What's with that guy, he wasn't even trying!

Next time, you and I shall dine alone. Actually, bring Dumplings if you're feeling frisky. She's got untapped potential.
Did I really just rate a place 5 stars?  Yes!

I love it sometimes when decide to wander about in a different city without the iphone  telling me where best to go.  Like the old days, sometimes this is how you discover the best places.  

Was it 5 star food?  Okay, perhaps not all around (but for our main dish)--- but for the super friendly service and super cheap prices - Yes!

Old school Chinese restaurant which I'm a sucker for since it reminds me of my childhood going out to eat every weekend.
Delicious wide noodles with duck sauce and lots of tea.

Very good hot and sour soup  chock full of ingredients and good wonton soup.

Then the star of the night ... Huge portion we shared at an attempt to be healthy:  Steamed chicken with broccoli.  In the past when I ordered this back home it was always rather blah and the thick, corn starchy sauce it would come with on the side was never any good.

This chicken was steamed to perfection along with the broccoli and the garlic and ginger sauce on the side- to die for.  Seriously I need to know how they make that sauce!

I told our waitress this is better than anything we have had in NYC's Chinatown.
Oh how I wish I could order from here all the time.

Thanks Mandarin, for the friendly service and making me see there are still old school Chinese restaurants around serving good cooking.
I knew I should have just driven my ass to Chinatown!

I decided to order take out from this place which is kinda in my neighborhood.   The menu was pretty decent, lots of the typical run of the mill Americanized selections.

I got the szechuan chicken, with an egg roll and wonton soup.  Pretty standard huh?  Well that's what I was hoping.  But nope....let's just say I was very unsatisfied with the quality and had to go out and get something else to eat.  To me it was that bad.  

First of all the eggroll was the greasiest little sucker, which wouldn't have been that bad if it was actually tasty.  The wonton soup had the worst tasting broth and very 'unusual tasting' wontons in it.  Mystery meat?  Who knows.  At least cover it up with some spices or something.  It was bland to say the least.  The szechuan chicken was blah to the extreme.  No spiciness to it and just a bad sauce, with poor quality meat.

I hoped for the best but was left feeling empty.
I went to Mandarin Palace because I got one of their takeout flyers in my mailbox. After looking them up on Yelp, the consensus seemed that it was "good Americanized Chinese, but nothing special." I thought I was okay with that. I just wanted something basic. I thought I didn't need anything special.

Turns out I do. Or rather, I did.

Yes, I left feeling full, and I left with food for lunch the next day (even after ordering the dinner special, which is typically a smaller portion). But my tofu/veggie stir fry was just so damn boring- even after I requested a boost of spice.

If I learned anything from my experience at Mandarin Palace, it's that SPICY does not mean FLAVOR. 

The next place I want to hit up is Su Xing, the veggie place on 15th and Sansom. I'll let you know how it is.
The BEST vegetarian General Tso "chicken" i've eaten ever!  It's not overly bready overly fried tasting gluten lumps.  It's very taste.  The texture is very meat like and there's not all the fried battered taste.  SO GOOD.  The sauce is nice and spicy and flavorful as well.  

The delivery is very quick and the prices are reasonable.
WARNING! BYO Utensils...seriously. I ordered take out for the office and they refused to give us utensils. Also, they completely messed up our order. Becareful. Make sure to open your food before the delivery man leaves. Otherwise, THEY WILL EXPECT YOU TO EAT WITH YOUR HANDS. We called and received awful response. The man literally told me to eat with my hands. 

In addition, the food is soggy and cold. Delivery took almost one hour, but the weather is nice outside and we are less than 15 blocks away. 

Massively disappointed. Do not order from this place, there are plenty of better places to order for Chinese. This place is awful.
Great delivery Chinese! I decided to get delivery from a new Chinese place, and Mandarin Palace fit the bill. They menu has all the Chinese favorites from Lo mein to General Tso chicken.  We ordered a few orders of steamed pork dumpings, beef lo mein, general Tso Chicken and a shimp and lobster sauce combo. All total, the bill was $43, great deal! The lo mein was perfect, had large chunks of beef and plenty of veggies. The General tso chicken was flavorful, not overcooked and the portion was very large. The dumplings were perfectly steamed.  My wife and daughter seemed to like the shrimp and lobster sauce. I'll definitely order again!
I ordered take out on Saturday night. An hour and a half goes by and they still have not delivered my food. I get a call back saying they tried calling me and left my food on top of my door. Obviously it's the city and would have got stolen if it was the case! They refused to deliver new food or refund me. They could have rang the doorbell! An hour later, a neighbor from a few houses down says they found sushi on their stoop and was wondering if it was mine.
If you read my review of Square on Square, this was similar in experience. Just weirddd service. And we were the only ones there for most of the time. 

When asking about certain dishes, she seemed totally confused. Throughout, she showed ZERO enthusiasm, or any emotion at all. We had to ask several times for basic things. The plates we used were appetizer plates because she didn't change them out for entree plates. We had to ask for serving spoons for the entrees (we were doing family style). Had to ask for chili oil several times. The paying sitution was so weird. Overall WEIRD. 

Entrees ordered: 

Garlic Eggplant with Tofu-probably my favorite. I love ordering eggplant when I'm out because it's time consuming and tricky to make at home. The tofu in here was amazing. 
Singapore Noodles with Tofu-I love singapore noodles and thought they made it well. Wish they had a little more kick. Were a little dry so the chili oil helped. 
General Tso's Vegetarian Chicken-This is one of my favorite Chinese dishes! I found these to be not crunchy enough and way too sweet. Didn't think they hit it on the spot. 

Not sure if I would return again. The vegetarian entrees were $10-12 and filling, but not mind blowing.
I am a regular every week for their lunch special 2 rolls and a soup/salad. however the phone service is VERY RUDE. I called at 11:30 to place my lunch order. 
The person on the phone was in a rush to get me off the phone didn't bother to get my name or time- they hung up!! 
After my work meeting I called back to modify my order that I would be picking it up at 1:30, the girl on the phone was less then apologetic and told me it was already made. I told her I didn't want sushi that's sitting out for hours 
Here's a tip for phone orders, ask for a name and time for pick up!!
Favorite Chinese food in the city, bar none. Mandarin Palace is my go-to spot for take out. Their fried rice is especially amazing. Today, I ordered in and ate in the restaurant for the first time and the food was even better. I will definitely be ordering in more often. The chicken and broccoli tastes incredible, and when paired with the pork fried rice it's even better. Great flavor, not the usual take out blah flavors. The service was nice, the food came out quickly and was plated well. I will recommend this restaurant every time someone asks about take out in Center City. Prices are reasonable, and the restaurant is clean.
We surprisingly really enjoyed their food! We've had multiple Chinese delivery failures, where quality of food was blatantly low. But happy to say we didn't have that problem here. We ordered Sweet and Sour Chicken, General Tsos (Very tasty), Shrimp Lo Mein, Scallian Pancakes, Garden Salad with Ginger Dressing, Chicken Fried Rice. We honestly couldn't complain about any of the above, we thoroughly enjoyed our order! And personally, they've always had decent delivery times as well. I say, try them out.
I ordered the crispy roast duck and fried Taiwanese sausage for delivery. The crispy roast duck was very dry and tasted like orange every other bite. Either the duck was marinated unevenly in orange juice or orange slices were randomly placed on top of the skin. The Taiwanese sausage I ordered ended up being Cantonese lap cheong. I was charged $7.95 for a few sliced links of sausage, when buying the whole package from a Chinese supermarket would've cost less than $5. 

Maybe in the future I'll try this place again for Americanized Chinese food. I will definitely stay away from the appetizers and anything with duck.
This reminds me of a simple restaurant on Canal street in Manhattan. This isn't the best Chinese food you'll have and all of the dishes on the menu are pretty standard "americanized" fare. Service is prompt though and the wait staff are friendly.
We chose this place because they stuck a menu under our hotel room door -- I now, not the best reason to choose a service. 

the good: it arrived promptly and was mostly edible.
the bad: one of three meals was good. One was okay though did not seem like curry as ordered. The third was inedible.
"Meh. I've experienced better" fits my review better than "A-OK," so that's why I'm going with a 2.

I've only been here twice. The first time I had a delicious Chinese meal. The reason for coming here was due to me purchasing a groupon for $40 dollars worth of sushi. Little did I know the groupon only went towards the sushi purchases, not the other entrees, so I was unable to use it. The service was okay. I had asked for a glass of ice water and the waitress sent out a glass with warm sink water. I felt like this was a warning sign of things to come.

So I decided to come back and order nothing but sushi. My friend and I were the only ones in there for dinner. We decided to go all out and order the "Sushi and Sashimi for 2" for 54.99. It's described as including: "Ten pieces of sushi, eighteen pieces of sashimi, one tuna roll, one chef's special roll and one California roll."
Sound great right? The main buying point to us was the "Ten pieces of sushi" and the "eighteen pieces of sashimi." We ultimately thought we'd be able to pick what 10 and 18 pieces of sushi/sashimi we wanted. Wrong. This felt like false advertising.
They brought the platter out, which was neatly organized, the rolls were delicious, as was some of the sushi. But the sashimi was hard to get down, especially when there was eel involved that still had it's scales/skin on it.

I wasn't completely wowed by my meal here, and was a bit disappointed to find out there was no free refills on the soda beverages. 

Suffice to say, I don't think I'd be returning back. The chinese food was good, the sushi was alright, but why come all the way out to Rittenhouse Square for asian food when you can get a better quality deal in chinatown? Word of advice when dining out in Philly for Chinese: stay in Chinatown.
This place is by far the best sushi in philly. Although deceptive in name and appearance, behind the chinese restaurant facade is a sushi bar that puts out the freshest fish and most unbelievable rolls in town. beyond that the price is a fraction of what you pay at Zama and the like. Since discovering the sushi here I've been back at least weekly. the staff is friendly, warm and provides excellent service. I make it a point to bring new friends every time i come, selfishly in hopes of ensuring this amazing restaurant is here to stay. Cannot stay enough good about the sushi.
The place is nice, the staff is friendly, and the food tastes good.

But I got food poisoning from the beef, so.... 1 star.

I'll try the chicken next time.
I tried out Mandarin Palace because of a living social deal. It is located in the rittenhouse area and was a pretty good place to go for lunch. They have sushi and chinese dishes as well as lunch specials for both.

I had the Wonton soup which is the best I've had in this area mainly because the broth was really good. The wontons were also decent as well. For an appetizer, I had the Tuna tartare which was amazing and the sauce for it was great too. For my main roll I had the Alaska roll which was a spicy salmon roll with avocado and salmon on top. This was a good roll, but the presentation of the roll was the best I've have ever seen for sushi as well as the tuna appetizer. It's about average price for sushi and was really great quality.
I have to be honest, my girlfriend and I only came here when we couldn't get into crazy sushi next door and I could not be more pleased that we ended up in Mandarin Palace.  Immediately after entering we were given a table and they opened our wine bottle (BYOB!!) and gave us crispy wontons while we perused the menu.

We only ordered the sushi so that is all I can comment on, but next to Zama and Morimoto it is the best sushi in Philadelphia and for less then half the price.  The presentation was awesome and the quality of the fish was as good as it gets.  The people working there really seem to care about the product they deliver.

We had a quick chat with the sushi chef after our meal and found out that the restaurant was recently renovated and given a fresh menu/ambiance.  I hadn't been previously but whatever they changed must have been for the better because I will certainly be back for more.
I used to love ordering Chinese food from this place!  Maybe it's my body adjusting to eating healthier that when I eat this food now, my stomach gets upset.  I was disappointed, really looking forward to my old favorites, but I just can't stomach (pun intended) the heavily laden fried food anymore.  

I also feel that the customer service and delivery needs improvement.  I waited for 45 minutes for delivery in the middle of the afternoon, not a busy time!  The people on the phone weren't very helpful.  

Disappointed...
We've never had a bad delivery from Mandarin. Their Chinese food is our ultimate cheat day go-to. The only thing I end up consistently doing when I order their Lo mein (which is great)... is adding a splash of salt (but this could be my preference). Our order usually consists of sweet and sour chicken, Lo mein, lucky couple with vegetable fried rice, and scallion pancakes. Yesterday we tried their Pad Thai and it was pretty dang good also. It had a subtle after spice. Btw delivery is within 30 min!(at least for us). Here's some pics!
This place has always done the trick for me with sushi and Chinese food. It was a go to neighborhood spot for me when I lived in Rittenhouse. They are very prompt with orders and have been every time I've placed a takeout order, which makes my type a personality happy. I think I dined in once, and it was fine - nothing fancy, but they don't strive to be. I returned today, despite not living in the neighborhood, and once again, my order was, in fact, early.
Well, I can say 'The New Mandarin Palace' has been remodeled and they have added a Sushi bar so now They have Chinese, Malaysian, Thai and Japanese food. The remodeling looks nice, with different light fixtures and new tables/chairs. Looks more contemporary and with a Japanese flair. The menu is HUGE and can be overwhelming when you visit the first time. They still serve hot tea but no longer give you fried crispy noodles as a snack.

I like this restaurant but noticed they no longer have the Vegetarian proteins (aka Seitan, Wheat Gluten) and lunch specials no longer include an egg roll or soup with order, only fried rice. 

I will come back. It is busy at lunch time during week, but still a relaxing occasion. Today I tried their thai food (Chicken Pad Thai ) and had a cup of Miso Soup. The Miso soup was  savory, with little bits of tofu. It wasn't salty like at some places. The Pad Thai was fairly good too, but, it's NOT my favorite thai noodle dish(they do not have this on their menu).

I would say, this restaurant has been consistent with flavorful food, friendly staff and nice atmosphere, before and after remodeling. I have been coming here for 9 years with various friends/co-workers. 

I can't wait to try the sushi.  It looks fresh and delicious. Next time, I will sit at sushi bar and watch Sushi chefs...
Go to spot for Chinese take out. Consistently good over the years. Arrives on time, orders are correct, food is hot and delicious. General Tso is white meat chicken with a spicy sauce. I wish they would throw in some more crunchy broccoli that didn't get soaked in the sauce, but that's about it.
I've ordered takeout from here a few times and it's pretty consistently tasty. 

Their prices are fair, and they have a huge menu with everything from pork fried rice to sushi, so there's really something for everyone. 

Delivery is usually pretty prompt (less than an hour after ordering), and the food has always arrived hot and fresh. 

I'm a fan of their gyoza and their wonton soup. My boyfriend always gets the dumplings and pork friends rice and loves them both.
They are quick and deliver to ucity? Nice!! The food was really yummy, the guy got the general tso chicken and I got general tso tofu. It wasn't the crispest tofu ever but the flavor made up for it! The lack of insane wait time was phenomenal as well, I typically expect to wait hours for grub hub food but this came before expected delivering hot food and crunchy tempura veggies. I'm in!
We ordered delivery today for lunch. We have eaten at this restaurant several times in the past but we figured some of the quality might have to be sacrificed for delivery.  Boy were we wrong! The food arrived 20 minutes earlier than we were quoted. The food was hot and delicious.  Even the fried wontons were crispy and hot. The General Tso chicken was amazing.  I highly recommend that you stop in, or get takeout delivery from this restaurant.  You won't be disappointed!
Food arrived in 25 minutes, super fast and efficient for a Chinese spot! The prices are alright for the soup and sushi, and the sushi quality was actually surprisingly awesome. Hot and sour soup came with delicious crispy  wrapper pieces to put in it, the sushi came with spicy wasabi and fresh ginger, and the salmon teriyaki was fine with some crunchy veggies inside. The noodle, rice, and entree dishes are a bit expensive in general, with average chinese food quality so nothing special there. Fresh salmon and avocado in the sushi made my night though!
I ordered from this place two times within the past week and here is my rundown on the food. Ultimately a disppointment but read on for the scoop :

Wonton Soup - There is something off with their wonton soup I am sorry but the first time I tried it I thought it may be too salty but this isnt the case. The broth has some lemongrass flavoring in it or something odd its ashame too because the wontons are not bad but I will possibly not order from here again ever due to the fact I want good wonton soup when I order Chinese food.

Eggplant and Tofu - extremely average. I felt like there just wasn't enough flavor in this dish.

Shrimp with vegtables combintation - Not bad, but again nothing speical about this meal. Flavor was lacking, fried rice above average but nothing to write home about.

Dumplings - This is kind of the deal breaker. The dumplings just do not look right, take a look at the picture. 

Bad soup, below par dumplings, and lackluster main entreees = me no a come back.

Still searching for that decent Chinese place in the area unforunately.
It's just OK.  The atmosphere is about 1 star - the food about 4.  Good for delivery to "the office".  A Mandarin Restaurant on 20th is better and Square on Square is even better.
Food was ok.  The place did not look too appealing and the service was not good, the waiter seemed to be in a very bad mood.
Mandarin Place is amazing because they have sushi and a full Chinese food menu. If you order for delivery call them directly and avoid a delivery fee up-charge! 

I feel the sushi is higher quality than one might expect. I love the yellowtail jalapeño roll. They have a lot of sushi to choose from. The tuna here tastes like real ahi!

The Chinese food has always been good for me as well. I usually stick to appetizers. The crab cream cheese puffs could be better, but otherwise everything I have tried has been really good. The workers are always very nice and delivery is fast, I think because they use bikes and avoid traffic. This is a good place to order from for your Chinese takeout and sushi needs!
This place is our go-to Chinese food place. It's so good and delivered within a reasonable time and always delivered hot. The General Tso chicken is so so so good. It's actually white meat chicken and minimal breading. Other places have a mixture of chicken looking filler and tons of breading. This place has actual chicken and the perfect amount of breading. Crab Rangoon is yummy here too. 5 yelps!
Gotten takeout from here a few times.  Generally, okay.  Not great, not awful.  Food tends to be a little greasy and overpriced for standard "chinese store" fare.  I assume it's the location driving up the price.

I made the mistake of trying to get chicken lo mein on a Sunday, which apparently they just don't do. Strangely, it was on their online menu, and a pretty standard dish. Luckily there are other places in the neighborhood that are more accommodating.
The service was bad and the sushi was sub par.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The food is your average chinese food.  However, the brazen and rude delivery guy made the experience distasteful to the point of removal from our ordering options.  We will not be ordering from this restaurant again.
This place I've come to enjoy and is conveniently not in chinatown. The menu is huge so I haven't tried too much, but they serve free tea, fried asian chips and duck sauce before the meals. It has a nice sit down atmosphere and is alittle better put together than many chinese places in the city which basically have plastic tables and lawn chairs.

They have a large thai section, but it is Thai from a chinese slant. The pad thai doesn't taste like what you'd expect but it's still good. Their chinese food is good as well.

When going with a few chinese students, we were brought all sorts of off the menu items for chinese new year. They also mentioned if we call early, they can make some more non-americanized dishes for us. It just added to the experience.
Don't be fooled by the old Mandarin palace reviews it has been updated and is now offering sushi. I'm not a big sushi fan but I was surprised by how delicious the battera roll was and the spider king was also incredible, and the presentation of the food is what you would get at a high end establishment .This place also has some very good Ho Fun no matter what protein you get with it. The staff was friendly and vey helpful and Leo's sushi specials are insanely delectable
Chirashi ^_^! Great tasting! First time trying, but love , love, love it so much! It was so so so so good! The server is nice and the sushi chef did the excellent work!@-@
I agree with the most recent reviews and echo their responses! The "New" Mandarin Palace is remolded with an open feel and excellent sushi bar! Everything has been updated and is very clean! The food is just as delicious and exceptional!

They truly cover all cultures and dishes from Chinese, Japanese, Thai, and so much more! They have a very LARGE menu and it's really hard to just select one thing or dish! I suggest trying something  new each time due to the fact that it could probably take you a year to try one of everything or combination. Seriously!

The sushi made by Leo, the co-owner, is amazing! He really has fined tuned his craft of edible art and really showcases this in all aspects of the dish. The quality of the fish is exquisite and fresh. 

I have been for lunch and dinner and look forward to calling this restaurant my "go to spot!"

I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant if you want to savor delicious meals, quality and timely service, reasonable prices, and overall solid dining experience!
Have been going here for years, therefore, let me lay some knowledge on Ya'll...s

The good:
*Hot and Sour soup
*Seafood soup with or without the noodles
*Lemongrass seafood soup (make sure you tell them to make it 1/3 the spice otherwise your toilet god will be pleased but your lower intestines wouldn't)
*Vegie/Pork dumplings
*General Tso's chicken
*Singapore mai fun

The bland:
*Eggroll - the dough is too thick and over saturated with oil
*Chicken with garlic sauce - somehow the chicken is always bland, like a piece of gum that was chewed for 10 hours straight and then left on the sun for a week (no, I didn't try such a gum but I do have a vivid imagination)
*Beef with onions - I got a food poisoning once from their beef (like somebody mentioned below) so I just avoid it.

*My regular server, Wendi is not there anymore. So sad!
Best sushi place in town. Rolls are consistent, ingredients top quality, and prices reasonable. Owner/chef will work very hard to impress clients. Highly recommended.
Not even going to write much as everything I was going to say has already been written by Aria S. below as we dined together with two others!

The experience was pretty weird, and our stomachs feel kind of weird today too. Give a shot and see what you think?
My husband used to think I was crazy for loving Chinese takeout and now he is a junkie. Turns out, he has turned me into one for Mandarin Palace takeout. We used to get takeout from somewhere in Spring Garden and I have no idea how he came across this place. Yelp24 most likely. 

Usually, I get a chicken dish but this time was craving shrimp fried rice. Their shrimp fried rice is reediculous. So reediculous, I was sad when I finished the leftovers. So sad, I ordered more the same night I finished the leftovers. I told you I was a junkie! But to make myself feel better, I ordered my husband's "fix" the beef lo-mein. For $20, you have two of the happiest people in 
Philly....
Tried this once for takeout - ordered vegetarian chicken w/ broccoli.  The texture of the imitation meat was very mushy, the sauce was greasy and the taste was bland.  

This place may be good for inexpensive standard Chinese food, but for vegetarian specialties Su Xing House is much better.
If you don't want to spend top dollar at a fancy "fusion" spot, but also don't want cheap mystery meat Chinese food - this is your spot. Perfect middle of the road, tasty and authentic Chinese food restaurant. Service is always solid and the food is always yummy. General tso's tofu, veggie lo mein and scallion pancakes is the regular order. Perfect and satisfying every single time.
Mandarin Palace is one of the best Chinese/Japanese takeout places in Philly. 

Of the 8+ dishes we've ordered from them, all have been hot and delicious. The prices are all fair and they even have a solid assortment of sushi!

The best part of MP has to be the service. They have always been incredibly fast and almost always beat the GrubHub arrival estimate. Their delivery guys have been courteous and thorough and have even biked to us in the middle of a snow storm!

We love you Mandarin Palace.
From the outside this looks like just another cheap Chinese restaurant, but don't let the simple street view fool you. The food is priced low, but the quality is easily worth two or three times the price. My wife and I had delicious meals, beautifully plated, and generously portioned. The service was great, with a friendly, helpful waitress, and timely delivery of everything. Not to mention that the decor is great, simple, but elegant.
Thought it was decent quality. The combo platter for sweet and sour chicken was good and the sushis were alright. I did particularly like the sweet potato tempura roll, however the crab rangoons weren't good. Overall, decent. I did however find it slightly over priced for the quality.
Yum!! I wanted sushi, the boyfriend wanted Chinese...not many places meet that criteria AND deliver to Fairmount. This place fit the bill so we gave it a shot.  About 25 min after the order they were at our house for delivery.  The spicy tuna roll was very good as was the basil shrimp fried rice...a very nice "southern" twist on an old standard!!  My picky eater boyfriend gave rave reviews to his chicken lo mein. While this doesn't sound like much, in 1.5 years I have not heard him compliment a lo mein before.  We will definitely be ordering again!!
On the inside, Mandarin Palace is an old school, cheesy Chinese chow hall -- think red vinyl banquettes, little bowls of fried noodles, fake pagoda accents on the wall.  As such, I see this as more of a take-out place.  

In terms of the food, I've always enjoyed it.  Is it the best Chinese food ever?  No.  Is it creative? spicy? garlicky?  No (although I haven't tried the Southeast Asian dishes other Yelpers rave about).  But is it solid American-style Cantonese?  Yes.   Do they accommodate my random requests? Yes.  Can they steam any veggie and serve sauce on the side for when I want to be good? Yes.  

They're always quick, friendly, and priced fairly.  I have no complaints.
Absolutely disgusting. Ordered a chicken dish and the quality of the chicken meat was disgusting and very bad.
Got so frustrated that I want to write a review about them in google and yelp.
This is dumbed down Chinese for the masses. Got the pork lomein, and had a hard time distinguishing the tiny slivers of pork from the noodles. Lots of onions though. Small portion for the money, but I didn't really want to eat more than they gave me. Also got the Kung pao chicken. I hate when they use small diced chicken, a ton of celery, and little else. Average on the taste. Will not be returning.
I ordered seafood Tom Yum soup, it was full of tomatos and imitation craps but no other seafood. 
I ordered also Salmon with garlic sauce, first of all they delivered Chicken with garlic sauce,charged me the price of salmon, and when I called they didn't even apologize and told me that I said chicken. Then why the hell would you charge me the price for salmon??? Bad service, not great quality..... not worth going there or delivery
Delivery Review Only.

4 Strikes and they are out.
1. Delivery came over 30 minutes Late

2. With a delivery charge, I expected the driver to, you know, deliver it. Instead he called from cell and made me come down and hustle out to his car, and was put out.

3. I get inside and see that we have no chopsticks, utensils, or napkins. Given, I just moved here and haven't unpacked, I specifically asked for these when placing order. Called them back and they said, oh we are are closed now so too bad and refused to help us. and were super rude about it. So I slurped up soup and ate my dinner with shish kebob skewers.

4, Order was screwed up. Given previous two bad interactions in 10 minutes, I knew there was no hope for correction so I gave up and ate their mistakes.

and the food was very, very average.

Will never ever order here again.
I don't know why I don't like this place more.  The vegetables seem fresh, the service is always fast and their General Tso's is consistently good.  I don't really like how they make their eggplant in garlic sauce (it's a weird light brown/green sauce) but it's decent.  The dumplings are yummy (they're not the typical Chinese takeout, extremely doughy with salty dark red mystery meat inside) and they give you a sizeable portion (I think there were at least 6 large dumplings).  Maybe it's because it always feels like a ghost town in there and the food just stops short of being really tasty.  I think the portion sizes are ok--not too big and not too small.  As some of the other reviewers say, this place is your standard take out joint that just has a big seating area.  For lunch, the prices are good but I think the prices for dinner are a bit high.  If you're just looking for decent Chinese food, this is the place to go.  Otherwise, I'd just go to Jo Jo's for better value and taste.
Amazing sushi!! This place is so underrated. I got the love roll and the battera roll. Their avocado salad and pork Gyoza were really good too. They seriously rival crazy next door. And ARENT rude and uphold your reservations. Detour crazy and come to Mandarin Palace.
Very impressed with Mandarin Palace. Great service. No uncorking fee. We only had sushi but it was absolutely fantastic. Wonderful presentation. Apparently they have just renovated and redone the menu and interior and it definitely shows. Only came here over crazy sushi because of a groupon but this meal will make it very hard to choose one over the other.
Delivery was on time and food was still hot! I like my usual steam chicken with broccoli, but this I also tried their Buddhist Delight (vegetarian, and good) and Scallion Pancake (a little too hard and lacking scallions).
Overall, I would come back.
We ordered sushi from here and never got the order. When we called mandarin they yelled at us profusely. Extremely terrible customer service, they have no respect for their customers.
I had a Groupon for this place.  It was cool...  decent sushi, but nothing special.  We got a few rolls, I got a few pieces of sashimi (tuna and salmon) and I also ordered the soft shell crab.

The crab tasted like it was fried in old oil.  The fish for the rolls and sashimi was fresh and the service was great!  The two servers we had, the owner and the men behind the sushi bar were so kind and polite!!  They were even nice to the annoying girl  who kept asking about the mercury in the fish.

I'll definitely be back.
Don't know what happened but this place took a nose dive in quality lately. They used to have the best General Tso's chicken in the city. Maybe they changed chefs, ingredients, something, but the order I had last night was nothing like what I expect from here; dry pieces of over cooked chicken. What was worse was the pork fried rice we got, which tasted off, weird. We stopped eating it after a few bites, but was enough to make us both sick. After years of ordering here, I'm done.
Was there recently with friends. Had both sushi and Chinese dishes. Great food and service. Place was nicely decorated.
typical Americhin food like you could find in a strip mall in Nebraska. tried the scallops with broccoli, asked for it spicy with brown rice, that nauseating sugary, starchy sauce that Americhin food is defined by arrived , with white rice.. they did have some chile sauce upon request which i could dip my scallops and broccoli in while trying to get that gross corn syruppy starchy stuff off them.. they offer a few things steamed, i shoulda done that so that my food would not have been adulterated with the sugary sauce which apparently customers across the u.s.a. demand.. why i ate here when i could have walked for a little bit and been in chinatown i have no idea. i won't repeat the mistake. service was good, friendly - but i just don't have a tolerance for this kinda stuff.
Mixed up orders with other restaurant. Late arrival. Food was ok.
We just ordered a dinner from Mandarin Palace through Grubhub.
The restaurant makes a combination of egg drop and won ton soup that my husband likes.
I ordered the duck for him that was mostly Lettuce and fair but my dish
was supposed to be Chicken and Cashews.
I opened the lid of the container and all one could see was celery.
I thought that when I spooned the dish, the chicken would show up.
That is robbery. $11.00 for a container of celery, carrots, and some red pepper.  What looked like chicken was certainly not prime but tiny pieces left over from some other dish.
If I wanted a vegetarian dish, I would have ordered from a vegetarian restaurant.
Chinese restaurants use turkey because it renders more meat than chicken.  My dish should have had beautiful slices of turkey.
Will never return to Mandarin Dump.
My friend and I went on a dinner date here last night.  The Chinese food was delicious!   We each had Wonton Soup, Sesame Chicken and Pork Fried Rice.  All of the food was delicious and yummy!  The food was fresh, cooked to perfection and the service was excellent.  I'm definitely planning on returning!
General Tao chicken bland, over priced full with almost all broccoli. Most of the containers aren't even half full. Worst take out ever order 70$ worth of food received nothing close to that and they forgot my stuff never ordering again
Mandarin Palace was good.  I don't like it as much as Szechuan Hunan, but it was a place I would go back.

A couple of things:
1) The portions on the combination platter are not as big as a lot of other places, which is good and bad.  Bad because you get less for your money, good because it prevents me from eating as much.  :)

2)  The fried rice was kind of boring.  Common thread with my Chinese food reviews is that I like my pork fried rice with big pieces of pork and lots of egg.  This was a little dead.  It kind of reminded me of the rice at a Panda Express.  Good texture and everything, but not much going on.

3)  Very quick service, and a nice dining area for a Chinese place.  (Not that it matters since I always do takeout.)
Horrible food. Horrible service. I ordered shrimp and broccoli and chicken wings. I asked if they could make it spicy and it didn't have any flavor at all and the shrimps were mushy. I asked if they could put ketchup on the wings since I was getting my food to go and they said "No, we put it on the side." My gut told me to cancel my order right then but I didn't because I was so hungry. If you are looking for good Chinese food, and good service this is not the place.
This has been my second visit here. I absolutely love it. Their sushi is amazing. So fresh. So hard to find sushi so delicious and fresh. My favorite are the California roll and rock and roll. The California roll is so fresh. The avocado is so ripe. The rock and roll is just delicious, the whole roll is deep fried. Can't go wrong with that! The last time I went I got one with eel. And eel isn't my favorite but here it might be. Wow was it good. The only things I am picky about here are there miso soup. I feel it could use my miso paste. Also the house salad with ginger is just okay. It doesn't have a lot of ginger. All of it seems to sink to the bottom.  I can't wait to go back again! Best sushi ever!!!
French comment : excellent restaurant chinois. Carte très riche, nourriture de qualité, service impeccable et cadre sympathique. Très bon rapport qualité/prix. Je recommande vivement !
What the heck, it was Christmas Eve in Philadelphia and we wanted to keep tradition.  At best this is a 2 star, location is good, service was good, food was less than average.  Lots of msg and good wantons.  We had the wonton soup, average, not hot, then we had spring rolls nice size but very average.  Main courses were tofu and mixed veggies, uncle Tao chicken, Peking duck and spicey Beef.  

Price was very good $70 for 4 people including tax and tip.  

But

My stomach will never forgive me.
i don't understand what other people are talking about. i've been eating here for over 5 years and i have no complaints. there southeast dishes are really good. one of my personal favorites are "    thai curry shrimp    " and "    lemongrass noodle soup    " if you have never eaten here before i highly recommend you try this place.
Ordered the lunch special of broccoli beef. Also ordered a rainbow roll. Food came out pretty fast.  Felt like the staff was bored because they were all just standing around. As soon as I finished - they immediately came to table to clear it off. Roll was good. Fish tasted fresh. Overall decent experience. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here - but for a lunch spot close to the office - sure!
Great little gem in philly! We decided to have dinner here after a long day of walking. The staff was very courteous, and dealt with indecisiveness very well. The restaurant was not too busy which was good for us because we were seated as soon as we walked in. I noticed they had sushi on the menu but I didn't order any of the specialty rolls. Our food was brought out at a good time. I ordered shrimp noodles which were probably made to order because they were very hot. They are pretty generous with the shrimp. My water cup never went empty which is always a favorite thing of mine considering I drink a lot of water. The prices were fair and overall a great little place.
I had the wonton soup to go and it was so good. The wontons weren't necessarily anything spectacular/out of this world but the broth tasted very fresh, light and I think I tasted a hint of ginger that knocked this soup out of the park for me.
I asked if the Chicken and mixed vegetables had Gai Lan in it - the guy behind the desk mumbled "yeah. It as everything mixed together".

Ordered to go. When I went to pick it up, the bitch behind the counter did not even acknowledge me. she ignored me for 10 minutes doing nothing while my food got cold. finally someone came out of the back and handed me the food that was sitting next to that witch.
Got it home - guess what - no Gai Lan. Not even Chinese vegetables  - broccoli, peas and bamboo shoots (are those even veggies?? Where is the Bok Choi, the Gai Lan, Chinese cabbage???).

What is up with Chinese places in Philly? Are white people in this town so insular that they just shovel shit down their holes without wondering what it is and are satisfied as long as it is smothered in MSG and Duck sauce? It feels like I am ordering in a Raymond Chandler Chop Suey place in 1950. I thought we moved past that.
AVOID! This is the first time I've eaten here for a lunch take out: sweet and sour shrimp with hot and sour soup and eggroll (all for $7 including tax--cheap if it weren't absolutely terrible!)

HOT & SOUR SOUP
I never got to try this because, upon arriving home, I realized that they gave me their version of wonton soup: yellow liquid (yes, it was actually yellow colored) that tasted slightly salty, otherwise with no flavor, and two thick pieces of dough (the "wonton").

EGGROLL
It was deep fried, thick flour skin and filled ONLY with shredded cabbage. That's it. There was no sauce for it.  

SWEET & SOUR SHRIMP
4 pieces of large deep fried dough with 1/2 (they actually split each  lengthwise) small sized shrimp inside. 

FRIED RICE
Rice sauteed in oil and soy sauce. No flavor, VERY oily and with some pieces of veggies precut (the frozen kind).

The greasiness of this lunch and the lack of anything but carb (rice, flour, moredeep friend flour) and oil rendered it inedible to me. I was starving, but couldn't eat more than a couple spoonfuls of rice and drank the yellow liquid "soup". Avoid if you want edible food!
Wasn't too busy. Fast service and I loved every dish they served. The Summer rolls,  Vegetable fried rice and the 4 season dish were superb. Both me and my wife are in consensus on adding this place to our favorite list.
It's a very Chinese restaurant. They must be very fond of their home dishes. Love the pork with fried rice. But I have waited for more than 30 minutes for my dish to turn up. Reasonable price.
Just got delivery from Mandarin Palace for the first time tonight as our usual place was closed and it was recommended on the NextDoor app. I have to say that I am extremely disappointed for many reasons:

For reference we got the Moo Shu Chicken, an egg roll, and General Tso's Chicken

1. The General Tso wasn't very good, cost nearly $15 for a very small amount, and we were charged an extra $1.50 for subbing brown rice which made the dish very expensive 

2. There was an option to order from a few different platforms online and each had different menu items listed and drastically different prices so I decided to call

3. When I called I wasn't given a total or estimated delivery time 

4. The Moo Shu was absolutely terrible (see photo). I had to add salt AND soy sauce to the dish to make it edible. It also had A LOT of egg and very very very little chicken. It also was lacking in mushrooms, which I love. It was basically egg and cabbage (again little chicken and mushrooms). I am honestly very upset and disappointed. 

On a positive note the delivery came pretty quickly and the Moo Shu came with both rice and pancakes. 

Overall we will 100% never order from here again.
I ordered the lemongrass seafood soup. It was not as good as other laksa soups I had. 

The scallion pancakes were good - but it's hard to mess up fried dough. 

Mediocre at best. I should have known that a restaurant with a menu that large can't keep quality standards across the board.
Underwhelming spring rolls (maybe I was expecting more like egg rolls). A little too greasy for me. Pork fried rice was just average. The prices are fair and more reasonable than other places in my area. I've been spoiled by great NY Chinese take out. It was my first time here so maybe some of the other dishes are better.
Good soot!
We got a little bit of everything. 

Two orders of The generals tofu, scallion pancakes, white tuna rolls, sweet potato rolls, egg rolls, and Philadelphia rolls. 

Honestly most places do not have Sushi and Chinese so this place is pretty cool. 

Most places that don't solely do Sushi suck at it. This place does not suck at it!
We ordered curry chicken soup, chicken teriyaki, sweet potato tempura rolls, vegetable egg rolls, and vegetable dumplings. Everything was fresh and delicious!! New favorite takeout spot!!!!
We ordered take out last night and the food was fair at best The rice was not fresh, shrimp curry had no sauce at all , just steamed veggies and over cooked shrimp , garlic eggplant was average , the sushi was good however had. a piece of plastic in the rice I called  to give feedback and they seem to tell me that's how we make the curry , and she didn't want to hear anything . Maybe it was an off night for them 
We know that there are many places to get great asian food from ,,
Great spot for takeout in downtown Philadelphia. I ordered the Rock n' Roll special roll and General Tso's Chicken with fried rice. The Rock n' Roll was great! Great taste and made fresh. The sauce that came with it was delicious, too. The General Tso's Chicken and fried rice was also good and a good price for only $10.50 for decent sized portion. Would eat here again when in the Philadelphia area if I'm in the mood for takeout.
Prices are reasonable. Above average Chinese for dining in or local delivery. Atmosphere is clean and inviting for a sit down meal that will not cost you an arm and leg in Philly. Tonight I am having the Curry Chicken with snow peas and onions, add broccoli, except they substituted instead of added. It's okay though. I'm in a rush. Still the flavor is great, onions supple yet slightly crunchy, and just the right curry heat. A family of 6 in the window try to calm a squealing toddler. Nice people. 4 out of 10 on public parenting. Thankfully they departed prior to the consummation of the curry.
Solid Chinese food in center city.  I wouldn't say it's really good, but it's not bad either.  Wonton noodles aren't freshly made.  The broth is flavorful and not too greasy.  Lomein is cheap and has decent flavor.  I wouldn't go here for a special Chinese food lunch or dinner but if you're looking for the cheap take out chinese, this place fits the bill.
