I've been carrying on a mission to come try out Mango Mango over a  period of time now. All my family ever do is keep on raving about it over and over and over again. So much that it has became my main priority that if I ever land my two little feet in Chinatown, I would make the extra effort to stop by this place and judge it for myself.

Little did you know, that day has finally happened! Arrived here on a beaming hot Saturday afternoon and the place was already filled up. Yes it was scorching outside, so what a way to treat yourself to a chill delight. The only negative thing I can say about my experience was narrowing down to what I really wanted to try. 

My Mister and I decided to get the Strawberry Mango Juice Sago with Rice Ball & Ice Cream. Also, the Mango Strawberry Slush. The portion seemed small, but decent enough to share. Both were delicious. My favorite part was the mango ice cream indeed. Service was great and our overall experience here was good. Seriously can't wait to go back.
This place offers a lot of different desserts. We had this thinly wrapped mango ice cream dessert. It was pretty good. Creamy and sweet.
Mango Mango is a hidden gem located on Cherry St. I didn't know it exists until I saw a advertisement inside Xun Yu Si Kao. After a family brunch at Xun Yu's, we wanted something cold, sweet, and fruity. So we decide to hit Mango Mango.

Any yelpers ever try Fruit Life in Chinatown? Well, Mango Mango now sits at the same location of Fruit Life(I've heard FL moved to another location). 

As we entered, there were no seats available. We waited nearly half an hour for a table to
 become available. After we seated, it took a while to order and it took another half an hour to get our food. We got Vanilla Waffle sandwich, Mango Snow white slush, Mango Sago, and Mango Strawberry Slush. I have to say everything were very delicious. It was so freaking tasty that we waited another hour for more take outs( I know we are crazy lol).

I absolutely love this place, my only issues is the speed. That's why I give them 4 stars rather than 5.
Mango is my favorite fruit and I have been dying to come here. To my surprise this is a sit down dessert place. So if you're not planning on paying for service/tip steer clear. My boyfriend and I came here around 7:30 PM on a Friday night, not too crowded and we were seated right away.
I ordered A1 which was mango ice cream with tapioca and pomelo. My boyfriend got the green tea Sunday with jelly. I would have given this place 5 stars but I'm knocking off a star because they ran out of mango ice cream. How can your name be mango mango and you don't have mango ice cream. I ended up substituting with vanilla ice cream.
I loved mine except for the fact that the pomelo was super sour, not ripe at all so I had to avoid eating it. My boyfriend liked his as well except that there was too much jelly that it was overpowering the green tea. 
Hopefully next time I come back here they will have mango ice cream.
Wandered by this gem in Chinatown. Decided to stop in for some dessert. Super cute decor inside but it was really packed so we decided to take our dessert to go. Ordered the green tea waffle ice cream and a mango ice cream with tapioca and glutenous balls and something. It was all delicious! Would definitely be back
Mango Mango is an Asian dessert chain with stores in a few major east coast city. Located across the street from Bonchon, the space is pretty open with seating up and downstairs. Their desserts can be ordered for takeout, or you can sit down in the establishment and order from a server. Their dishes are pretty reasonably priced - desserts run about $7, and the drinks are about $5. My favorite is the snow white (which is coconut) mango juice with sago and pomelo and mango ice cream. Despite it being a dessert chain, I find that their dishes are never too sweet. Perfect for a refreshing after dinner snack if you're ever in the area!
Literally the only reason why I like this spot is because of their Mille Crepe cakes, but besides that this place is not recommended. First of all, the credit card minimum is $15 so if you're just planning on satisfying your sweet tooth while trying to not overindulge you still may be forced to get two or three items to reach that limit. I've only been here twice. The last time I went I just wanted a crepe cake, but I got a drink because I knew there was a minimum and my total reached $14 but the waitress still made a comment about how there had to be a $15 minimum, like seriously? 

Anyways, the customer service is terrible. The girls will rarely come to ask you if you're okay unless it's packed in there. We had to go down one time to freaking pay the bill because the server wouldn't come upstairs like that's ridiculous. When we went down, two servers were available and they were just in the back talking instead of trying to be accommodating to customers. Not to mention ONE crepe cake and ONE drink took 25 minutes to come out.

I am a woman of mixed race and my boyfriend is of color and I get uncomfortable racist vibes from some of the servers here. 

I swear if I could get crepe cakes from somewhere else in Philly then this place would never see my face again. BUTTTTT, I do REALLY love the crepe cakes which is the only reason why I'm giving Mango Mango three stars.
Love this place - in part because mango is my favorite fruit and I would happily eat fresh mango every day. I even love eating around the pit and getting the fibers all stuck in my teeth. 

So a whole dessert shop centered around the magnificent mango? Yes please. 

- Mango juice with mango chunks and lychee jelly. Perfect for a blistering summer day. (And every day.)

- Snow white juice with green tea ice cream, red bean, and rice balls. Is there a more Asian dessert? Possibly not. Really nice blend of textures - my favorites were the chewy rice balls. By the way, each of these desserts is around $8-9 so by no means cheap but they do fill up the plates to heaping. 

- Also ordered the hot black sesame paste soup with peanut mochi. Brought me immediately back to childhood. Mango mango's version is probably a little less "authentic" than other places in Chinatown - it's a lot thicker and sweeter, which is to say, exactly how I like it. I think "chun" sesame paste soup is runnier and more bitter, with more of the sesame flavor, but I absolutely loved this. 

Plenty of seating with both upstairs and downstairs tables. The waiters were all really friendly. Just wished they could use less plastic everything.
Stumbled across this place looking for another place. Loved everything about this place. The atmosphere, seating, and mural on the wall, the staff and lastly the desert we amazing. My new fave is the coconut ice cream...heavenly!!!!
You wants mango?  Then come to all things mango at Mango Mango!

So when I saw the opening sign a few weeks ago of Hong Kong-style desserts, my interest was piqued.  So  I was excited that this place finally was opening its doors in Philly....

....but sadly, I think I want to like this place more than I do.

Desserts are made well and the mangos were as ripe and tasty as you could hope for.  So you'll get mango ice cream with mangos, and sago.  A downside is that it's kinda expensive what it is, which I'm chalking up to the price of a decent mango.  But while everything is decent, it's all a bit plain and recombos of the same 7-8 ingredients.  Also pass on the mango pancake, I downright didn't like it.

I think the Philly location is suffering from some grand opening pains as service was unorganized.  It seemed the servers were all catering to whatever table as opposed to being assigned.  

A nice addition would be Honk Kong style coffee but maybe I'm just too reminiscent for Hong Kong and I want a nice one stop shop.
Fresh fruit. Great ice cream. I honestly have only been here once so far but I'm dying to go back to taste more of the menu. Definitely a more unique dessert sport than your usual cupcakes and brownies so definitely give it a try!
I've been back here multiple times and tried many of their menu items: Mango shaved ice with mochi, mango mochi balls, assorted mochi bowl, among others. They were all delicious!

This time I had the mango shaved ice that comes with mango ice cream and fresh mango pieces ($13), to which we opted to add on mochi for $1.50. The plate was piled with a mountain of light and fluffy shaved ice with smooth mango ice cream and ripe fresh mango. I was very impressed by how light their shaved ice is and the huge portion that was brought out to us! We were able to split this huge dessert between 5. 

I've never been disappointed by mango mango, they're always consistent and fresh, delivering good quality mango desserts.
tl;dr a Chinatown cafe that lives up to its namesake to deliver some tasty and refreshing mango desserts

Like many other Chinatown restaurants, this one has a specialty, and it should come as no surprise that Mango Mango churns out some great mango desserts. The front window showcases plastic facsimiles of the desserts on a square shelf equipped with overhead lighting. The inside meanwhile is deceptively large, with tables along the deep interior all the way to the counter and a staircase leading to a second level. The whitewashed walls and wooden furnishings lead to a distinctively modern interior, including metal pipework shelves across from the entrance. Note, Mango Mango only accepts card for purchases greater than $15 (after tax). This past weekday night, the restaurant was quiet and nearly empty. Service was prompt and friendly, and the staff were more than happy to help my partner and I navigate the thick menu.

We decided upon two desserts: the Strawberry Mango Juice, Sago, and Lychee Jelly with Mango Ice Cream and the Snow White Mixed Fresh Fruit with Sago and Grass Jelly. Within 10 minutes, two large glass goblets were brought over to our table, both of them filled to the brim and above, one a vibrant gold while the other a cool white. The mango juice dessert had a large scoop of the ice cream and plenty of toppings. The jellies provided a unique texture to the dish, while the fruit was fresh and perfectly ripe. The strawberries especially added a nice crisp and was a nice complement to the heavy mango emphasis. The mango ice cream was good, but I believe that it could have a more robust flavor. On the other hand, the mixed fruit dessert fell flat. The juice tasted vaguely of mango but overall seemed like glorified iced water. This ice had cantaloupe as one of the fruit options, which I found to have a detracting flavor. The only saving grace for the mixed fruit was, well, the mango! If you go, make sure to get a dessert that really highlights the restaurant's namesake. 

Each dessert was a tad pricy at $7, which is nearly enough to buy a full dinner in this neighborhood. While not my go-to dessert cafe in Chinatown, I'll make it back to Mango Mango the next time I have a major hankering for something sweet and refreshing.
Mango Mango is a cute little dessert shop in Chinatown right across from Bonchon and within walking distance from many of my favorite restaurants. I'm a fan of their interior decor - a blend of modern vibes (with wall murals) and Japanese shows on the big screen TV.

A bit on the expensive side but you can also get combos. All their desserts look amazing though. The durian crepe is pretty good. We tried the Ube soup with sago and rice balls but were disappointed, kind of bland.
Got robbed in broad daylight here! Sat down to get a bowl of mango sago dessert, the dessert itself was alright but the mango was a bit sour. The bowl cost $6.50 and only when I was ready to pay did they tell me that the minimum for card purchases is $15!!! I had no cash on me so had no choice but to order more stuff to get the total to $15. I ordered the mango pancake to get my total up to $13 something thinking that including tips it would get me over $15 but the staff again refused to take my card, saying that the tip could not be included in the total, so again I was forced to order another item, (I eventually chose mango mochi) in order to be able to pay and leave. Ended up spending $21 including tip and tax. 

I believe that the minimum for card purchases is WAY too high for a store that sells relatively cheap food. For reference, the bubble tea store next door only requires $5 minimum for card purchases. Also, staff should inform customers before they order that the card minimum is that high so they aren't trapped and forced to order half the menu in order to be able to leave if they don't have cash.
PERHAPS THE BEST DESSERT IN CHINATOWN!

I have been to Mango Mango a few times and both times, the desserts are excellent! For $7-8 bucks per dessert, you can't go wrong with anything on their menu.

The interior design of the place is very charming with a modern rustic and warm feeling. They have an upstairs dining area which is also very cool and exciting. I do have to note that both times that I have been there, it was short-staffed and there was a slight wait but the service was great! Goes to show how popular this place is even on some weekdays! Not to mention the CRATES of fresh champagne Mangos you see under the stairs!

Their mango ice-cream is a MUST. This is probably the best mango ice-cream I ever had, period. It is SO fragrant and creamy. You can smell the freshness of the ice-cream as it arrives on your table and the taste is very very fresh- far exceeds my expectation! Anything on their menu with mango is fantastic - so you can't really go wrong (although HIGHLY recommend getting something with their mango ice-cream). 

The menu selection is quite large, with nice selection of curated desserts. I am bummed out that a few desserts were sold out when we were there (the hot ones) but it just means I would need to go again next time! Recommend this place for dates or just become you are craving some mangoes!
I was absolutely delighted when I saw Mango Mango open up shop here.  I've been to the one in NYC before and was so chagrined there wasn't one here.  Despite its location down a small side street, it definitely isn't lacking for business.   It replaced Fruit Life and kept most of the interior the same.  In fact, the mural of Hong Kong on the wall was preserved, as was the mural of people eating under umbrellas painted with a "Mango mango" logo.  

My favorite aspect here is the fresh fruit they use for their drinks.  In fact, there are probably more boxes of fresh mangos here (stashed discreetly underneath the staircase) than at the Chinese grocery store across the street where these mangos are likely from (note the telltale purple boxes match the Chinese grocery store's mango boxes).  That being said, the prices aren't terribly cheap.  One Snow White Mango Slush will cost you $5.  That said, the mango tastes so fresh and smells so fragrant that you literally gladly hand over your money.  Mango Mango sort of borrowed from Fruit Life in the sense that they made themselves a sit-down place, which is nice in some way, but you can be stuck waiting for service or someone to notice you when they're busy.  And they do get busy.  On a Saturday evening, you could be waiting 30 minutes just to take one of these fresh mango drinks to go and probably even longer for a table to open up.

Despite those minor drawbacks, I can't wait for my next trip here again.
Uh...I'll have one of each thing on the menu..please and thank you! And its so cute inside! With a open two-story and a loft upstairs, its airy, but cozy. You can either order to-go or wait for a table - which did not take long at all on Easter Sunday. It was really hard to choose one from the assortments of ice cream, sweet soup, crepes, crepe cakes, and waffles. So I settled for the mango nutella waffle and a side of green tea ice cream. My parents shared a fruit tea, the moo moo cha cha, and the mango ice cream. My sister something delicious(don't remember what it was) and my brother-in-law got the crepe. The waffle was a little too dense for me, was expecting it to be light and crispy, but it had a good flavor. I love green tea anything so can't go wrong there. The service was a little slow as was the wait for the desserts, but everyone was nice, My parents enjoyed their drink and desserts - just the right amount of sweetness, which they love. Each dessert is about $6-8 so not a cheap date for sure, but its ok to treat yourself now-and-then. There are too many choices to not come back to try.
I've always wanted to try Mango Mango whenever I go to New York but never got the chance to. I'm soooo happy that they opened a location in Philly! I love mango.

I came here with my boyfriend last night and the first thing we noticed was a smell in the restaurant. It was a bad smell. Not sure if it was dirty wet cloth smell or a durian smell. I love durian so I couldn't really tell what it was. 

But anyways, it was pretty busy for a Thursday night. A few tables and lots of takeout. Our sever was really nice but didn't seem too knowledgeable when asking him questions about the desserts. 

We ordered a Strawberry Mango Juice Sago & Red Bean With Mango Ice Cream and a Snow White Mango Juice With Red Beans. Both were really good and it came out within 2 minutes top! I also "accidentally" ordered a Green Tea Slush. When I say accidentally - I was asking about the drink but then the server just put it in the system and ordered it for me. Luckily, it tasted good so I kept it the drink. 

Will come back again very soon. Prices were okay. Dessert was fresh. Def recommend!
This place is great spot for drinks and dessert. The mangoes they use are fresh and the few items I have tried are delicious. The only small issue is that it is a little pricey, but for great taste and fresh fruit, it feels worth it.

I got the mango and strawberry slush, which was absolutely delicious and a must try. The service for us was rather quick, and we will be back for more.
I love mangos. In Taipei I would eat mango shaved ice for dessert until I would get sick (there's a lot of eating to be done!). 
I'm so happy and excited this place is open, and perfect for summer! Yes, there are 8 million mango desserts. And frankly you pretty much can't go wrong with any of them. 
If you're going with a group, I highly recommend the very large mango shaved ice. Fluffy light shaved ice topped with mango ice cream, mango chunks, and rice balls. Who doesn't love rice balls?? 
You can see the cases upon cases of mangos-super fresh.
The best part?? Nothing is overly sweet. It doesn't taste like they add a ton of sugar to anything! Just perfectly mango.
One word if you are a mango lover - Mangolicious.
This came up as a surprise when we were roaming around Chinatown in philly.
For a mango fanatic like me, wide variety of options in menu made my excitement ten fold.
I'm not sure from where the mangoes are sourced during off season, they were delicious.
Never have I ever had a combination of mango, jelly & sago and the first experience itself was truly awesome.
Mango desserts we tried were too good to be true. Special mention for waffle with coconut ice cream.
Love Mango Mango, always crave it when I want a subtly sweet and refreshing dessert! 

Snow White Mango Juice with Sago and Pomelo with Ice Cream: Snow White portion is icy so would recommend getting the version without. Everything else in the dessert is delicious! Super creamy ice cream and the  mangos are fragrant and sweet.
I was torn between three or four stars. We visited on Sunday and ordered the crepe with nutella  mango and coconut ice cream. It was delicious. We were told it would be about 10 minutes but we ended up waiting for it for about 25 minutes. We received water when we arrived but our cups were never filled again. My daughter ordered the cantaloupe slushie and it was good. The cantaloupe tasted fresh. We ended our visit with an order of mango mochi. Again, once our order was put in (we added it on) it took almost 20 minutes to arrive at our table. I didn't understand all of the waiting. The concept is cool. I was a bit taken aback that it was wait- to- be- seated and formal ordering when the menu is only desserts and the cups were paper. I would have been down with that had we not had to wait so long for each item.
Mango Mango Dessert is located next door to a small temple and across the street from a hair salon. 

My husband and I came by here on a Friday night a little before 9:15 am. We were greeted and seated at a small table right away. After looking over the menu, we ended up getting:

A20: Mixed Fruit Sago With Coconut, $7 prior to tax ($7.56 after tax, prior to tip)- This dessert comes with coconut (although you can also choose to have mango instead) milk, tapioca balls, grass jelly, mango pieces, sliced bananas, strawberries, cantaloupe, honey dew and a clear jelly. This dessert is a perfect size to share with another person (or if you just want a big dessert on your own, I won't judge). Great flavors all put together in a large ice cream glass. Since there is ice in the coconut milk, it does appear to be a little liquidity though but that didn't bother me. It does make the dessert cold and the air conditioning is just blasting in this place. 

Service was fine while we were here. Our water glasses were refilled a few times during our time. 

I would definitely come back here if I lived in this area and also recommend this place for those that really love mango, as they have various of desserts and drinks that feature the tropical fruit. 

Please note that there are 2 unisex restroom in the back, pass the register. It was clean upon this visit and adequately stocked with the essentials.
I was going to get boba tea but then passed this place where they actually use real fruit and less or no fake flavored powders. Usually mango is sour in America but this mango was amazing taking me back as if i was buying off a fruit street cart in Thailand. Place smells of the durian stench so I knew it was legit. Mango smoothie my friend got had amazing flavor and texture probably the best smoothie I have had in my life.
Mango's are by far my favorite fruit and when I saw this place had opened up, I ruined my competition prep and had to try it. Oh man, it did not disappoint. Everything was beyond fresh and felt so refreshing and light. I tried a few things here and it was heaven

White snow ice with mangoes, mango ice, red bean, and some jelly. Had my first bite, and I couldn't stop. I even got brain freeze a few times but devoured the whole thing. Upon leaving, I really wanted to try the black rice, so I ordered the green tea smoothie with the red bean and black rice. Mmmm, drooling! It was so good, however, the black rice did get really hard/frozen fast. Not sure if this is preventable in the future (I guess drink faster and get more brain feezes? LOL)

I will certainly be back and try EVERYTHING else on the menu!
Summary: Still needs to work out their timing, very slow for their opening weekend. Located in Chinatown with limited parking

Came here around 1 on a Saturday on what I think is their opening weekend. It was fairly packed a d we had to wait 10 min for a table for 2.

We then waited 1 hour for our mango shaved ice. It was very good and luckily we didn't have anywhere to be. Not worth a 1 hour wait, so hopefully they work out their timing.

Mango shaved ice ~14.00 Definitely share this! mango shaved ice that was very smooth but mango flavor is not that strong by itself. Surrounded by mangos and rice balls, topped with mango ice cream
I will give them 3 stars because while our desserts were delicious, it took an hour for us to get to try them! We were seated very quickly despite it being a busy night which i'm thankful for. But the desserts we ordered were very simple so i'm a but confused as to why it took so long for us to receive them. We did enjoy them a lot though and will likely be back. Hopefully next time we aren't waiting quite as long!
This place is so nice; you have to say it twice. (I'm so sorry I'm corny)

Stopped by one late night and we got mango w/ sago and herbal jelly. The mango "pancake" which was soooo good, it's like a dumpling but thin layer and filled with whip cream/cream cheese and fresh mango! We also got the Green tea mille crepe, this was my first time having it so I don't haven anything to compare it to but the match they use was a bit bitter. 

Service was fast and friendly, and everything came out pretty fast. Nice place to come and share a bunch of dishes and hang out. I will def return!
One of my favorite dessert places to go in Chinatown- sweet/fresh/delicious!

Whenever I visit, I love to get the A5. Strawberry Mango Juice Sago Lychee Jelly with Mango Ice Cream! It is extremely well balanced in my opinion, since I don't love super sweet desserts. The mango juice is refreshing, the mangoes+strawberries are fresh/crisp, and the rice ball (in place of the lychee jelly) adds a perfect chewy texture. The mango ice cream, to complement the dessert, is perfectly creamy and not at all overpowering.  

I wish the sago had a bit more texture since I'm used to a chewier feel- it tended to give very easily- but that's up to preference. The price is a little high in my opinion though. One dessert took a bit longer 20 minutes and I wish the customer service was more composed but understandable for a busy Saturday night. 

Definitely bringing more friends to this spot since the mango desserts are such bangers.
I'm a big fan of the Mango Mango desert chain, and this Philly location did a great job. We were there at 8pm on a Monday night, and while there were definitely a good handful of patrons there, they were able to seat and accommodate our party of 11 on the lower floor by putting some tables together. Our party sampled a little of everything on the menu- from the ice cream based to drinks, crepes, and layered crepe cakes. my favorite was the fruit ice desert, which featured fresh fruit cut and placed over shaved ice and coconut milk juice with various mochi and jellies for added texture. I also liked the mango ice cream- so delicious. I feel like you cannot go wrong here!
My friends hyped this place up and it did not disappoint! Our party ordered the Mango Shaved Ice and added Durian in it as well. The shaved ice was huge and was shared among 5 adults, but we still couldn't finish. My favorite part of the dessert was definitely the durian chunks and mochi balls (they're so chewy!!)! The server was really nice in letting us know before hand that the mango is not too sweet as the fruit isn't in season.
Mango Mango is a really hip dessert place on Cherry Street. When we arrived on a Sunday night over Memorial Day weekend, the place was nearly empty when we left about 30 minutes later it was packed!

We ordered the Mango Mango Combo A - Special mango juice sago & pomelo with mango ice cream, snow white juice with mango & black rice & mango mochi. This was really, really good. I never had black rice and it went really well with the other flavors. The other was the Green Tea Mille Crepe, which was also very good. They don't have coffee and such but they do have excellent teas.  

4 solid Yelp stars.
I always stop by here when im in chinatown. They have the best desserts in my opinion. I always opt for the mango ice cream with sago, jelly and fruits. The dessert are refreshing and delicious. The portions are big enough to share amongst friends and they have a huge variety of desserts. Ranging from ice cream, to drinks and even crepes/cakes.
I have been to the NYC locations and never been disappointed. One of my favorite places to get dessert. 

My recommendations: Mango mille cake, Durian mille cake, Coco mille cake, Mango juice with mango ice cream - everything is heavenly! I'll try the Matcha mille cake next!
One of the few, if not only, sit-down dessert placed in Chinatown! This place is always popping, so expect a wait, but turnover is quick; we've never had to wait more than 10 minutes. Cute, clean, but slightly disorganized/inefficient service. Also, they frequently run out of items by night time, so come early! 

They have a mix of Asian/Hong Kong style desserts, along with plain ice cream options for those not interested. Of course, as with the name, anything with Mango here is quite delicious. Tip: their shaved ice is huge (much larger than pictured on the menu!), and can feed about 4 people.
Good concept, terrible business model and execution. I don't think the staff there understand what customer service entails. Aside from the fact 60% of the menu items were unavailable to order because the employee mumbled that they ran out of ingredients or the machine is broken, the quality and taste of the dessert was mediocre at best.
My absolute favorite dessert place in Hong Kong is known for mango-based desserts and Mango Mango reminds me of that! The desserts are essentially the same, and taste wise, they're pretty similar as well. The glutinous rice balls paired with the mango ice cream and bits of mango are heavenly. The drinks are also delicious if you're grabbing it on the go. The pancakes with whipped cream and mango are so soft and not too sweet.  This place truly takes me back to HK.
I love this place! I'm not one to go to a restaurant specifically for dessert but I wouldn't mind this place!

By the time if this review, I've been here 3 times. I've gotten different things each time I've been here and it doesn't disappoint. 

I don't remember the slush I had in the attached picture but it was actually really good! Herbal jelly, lychee jelly, strawberries, mango, banana with coconut juice (or milk?) and coconut ice cream. It sounds like a lot but it was really amazing! 

Tip: try any of the slushes similar to this with mango juice in it and mango ice cream. I actually prefer those over this but you can't go wrong with either.

The mango crepe (or pancake, sorry, I can't remember what it was called) I had was also really good! Sadly, it doesn't come with mango ice cream but the mango syrup and pieces of mango really pair well with the mango crepe/pancake. The best thing is, it's layered and between each layer is this mango cream. Each bite is just so fluffy and airy with a tint of sweetness from the cream. If you put it all together with the pieces of mango and syrup, it's like a huge mango explosion with so many different textures in your mouth, leaving you satisfied after each bite.
Cute little dessert cafe in Chinatown. The name says a lot as there are a bunch of mango dessert options but there are plenty of other things without mango. 

They are open late on weekends which is nice if you are looking for a late night snack. Varied Asian specialty desserts and beverages to chose from. They also have crepes and waffles with ice cream for more mainstream options.
I went with a group of 6 on a Sunday night after dinner. It wasn't too crowded and we were seated right away. The ambiance is very kawaii- chic with lots of detailed decor. We ordered the Combo B which came with two of the bowls and the mango pancakes. We also ordered a side of mango mochi. The bowls come with a mango ice cream ( or sorbet?) which were very refreshing and delicious, and of course generously packed with mango cubes. The rice balls in one of the bowls were the star of the night, having a really nice chewy consistency. The mango pancakes were also very tasty, filled with a light cream that wasn't overly sweet, on top of a slice of mango, wrapped in a sort of sweet skin. The mango mochi was better than I expected. The mochi was very soft compared to other types of mochi I've tried, and each were filled with a cube of mango. It was such a unique combination of textures to me that worked well together! 

Our main takeaway from the night was that every dessert dish has FRESH mango in it. My friends kept raving about how sweet and juicy the mangoes were!!! Definitely enjoyed our experience and will be back!
This places reminds me of Hong Kong.
Tons of mango focused desserts.
The A2 with Mango juice, sago, and pamelo was delicious. Sweet and flavorful. Topped with mango. Could use more sage and mango, but overall delicious.
Friendly service and lots of seating. Will definitely be back for more mango!
I'm such a fan of Mango Mango and their authentic Taiwanese desserts. My all-time favorites are the taro mochi (with taro, red bean, grass jelly, and boba oh my) and the hot redbean past soup with rice balls. If you're going to treat yourself to a calorie splurge, this is definitely the place to do it. The seating areas are always kept very clean and the staff is very attentive. Orders below $15 are cash only.
They're opened again for sit in. My favorite item is their coconut mango smoothie-o. Their durian pancake is so good too. Wait times have gotten much, much better since my last review. Also considering it was their opening week, I should've cut them a break. Thanks for making one of my fave drinks and a great go-to asian dessert spot!
Very cute place with friendly staff! All their desserts were really good and the tea we drank, summer rose black tea, was really good as well(:
BEWARE! Minimum $15 to use debit/credit card! 

Food: their menu is huge and I was a bit overwhelmed with the choices. The mango icecream was not sweet at all. I believe it's because they make their own icecream, due to the boxes and boxes of mangoes near the counter. There is also an option to make your own crepe/waffle. 
Price: my dessert was $6.50 and wasn't a small serving so it was good enough. 

Place: they have a take out and dine in option. Some objects are not available unless you dine in. 

Service: service was very good. Our server was just dozing off a bit but she was still nice and she tried to be attentive.
Been to this dessert location many times, and it never fail to impressed me with the many varieties of desserts. I love the place because of the cozy vibe that the place shows itself to the customer. 
The servers is very nice and willing to wait until you  make your decision of what to eat. 
Boi I would definitely recommend this place for people who want to try different kind of desserts
This place is our all time favourite dessert place in Philly China town. We highly recommend the mango mille cake and mango pancakes. Lovely customer service! We did try to order the mango shave ice one time and the waitress honestly told us it would be too much for two of us to finish it. So we revisited with our friends to try out the shave ice, it was huge and I meant it! It tasted yummy but only ordered it when you came with the group. 4 of us couldn't finish it but maybe you could.
Great late night dessert place! Came here around 10 PM with a friend and had no wait for a table! They are located in Chinatown and are open till 12 AM on the weekdays and 1 AM on Fridays and Saturdays. 

We split two things - the matcha crepe cake and the mango/ice cream/rice ball sampler. Both were amazing! The matcha crepe cake was a very delicate and tasteful dessert. The mango dessert was my favorite as it was filled with very fresh mangoes and the icecream and rice balls paired so well! 

We saw that a lot of the dishes had durian in them, and neither of us had ever tried durian. Our waitress offered a small piece of durian for each of us to try! Definitely wasn't my favorite taste (tasted like sweet onion) but was so nice of her to offer. 

Overall, a great dessert place with awesome service! Will definitely come back here.
My favorite dessert place in Philly! I ordered the Mango Crepe Cake and the Mango Juice with rice ball and ice cream. Because I had gotten it delivered, the ice cream had melted, so I would recommend getting it without ice cream if you are getting it delivered. Regardless, it tasted delicious! The mango juice is thick, like mango nectar and the mangos are so sweet, the best mangoes I've had in a while. The crepe cake was also amazing, with each layered of thin crepe filled with mango flavored cream--the perfect amount of subtle sweetness. You can't go wrong with Mango Mango's mango flavored desserts!
Came to this place at night with a couple friends. I'm not so into the slushy oh but I was into their Icey deserts in those nice glass bowls. Surprisingly they are pretty tasty. 

I enjoyed the crepe cake although a bit on the soft side. The crepe was really light and fluffy and more whip cream than I thought.
Love this place and hate this place cuz of how good the yummy durian crepe cake is and how bad the parking is! There is parking lot for $10 but I just don't want to pay $10 for parking for a slice or 2 of cakes! But I suppose with this parking obstacles it'll help me from buying new pants size hahaha 

$8 per slice and I can totally eat 2 pieces per seating if there's no such thing as fat/diabetes!!!! 
I ordered a total of 9 slices of durian crepe cakes and 1 slice of matcha crepe cake in a 3 days span! As I'm writing this I can't wait to go home to eat some more! Very soft and moist but not soggy. I love both but durian is the winner! I love that stinky fruit! LOL

Their hot desserts were yummy, we had red bean past soup and mo mo cha cha. Mo mo cha cha is a winner out of those two. Coconutty and creamy and smooth. Where as the red bean was just watery. 

Overall all I want is durian crepe cake lol
Whenever we take guests here, they really enjoy the novelty of the mango-filled menu. We opted for the matcha green tea crepe and the mango shaved ice this time. The crepe cake was great, as always. The shaved ice, while HUGE in portion, left something to be desired - it didn't have much in terms of actual fresh mango, leaving just an artificial tasting mango-flavored shaved ice with a dollop of mango ice cream + mochi. On another note, the staff is fantastic.
Mango Mango is a gorgeous little sit down dessert bar. We tried one of the sample platters and I have to say, everything was delicious. Mango ice cream, mango mochi, mango anything- they probably have it. The desserts are well made from fresh mangos and carefully crafted to look incredible- if you go with a group of girls, they will be taking pictures for a while.

It's priced like an NYC dessert bar but also kind of feels like one- a bit fancier than the rest of the places in Philly. Service was reasonable. The aesthetic was well designed- lighting is great for photos and overall fun experience. I will return.
While I've only been here twice and had beverages both times for takeout, I have yet to leave unsatisfied. Mango drinks are the bane of my blood sugar, and I'm always looking out for the next big thing after trying Mr. Wish's, and I found it here at a shop dedicated solely to mangoes (who would've thought?)

The Special Mango Juice Slush-O is a rich, creamy, and delectable mango slush with some kind of jelly or bubbles at the bottom that improve the texture of the drink. They top it occasionally with grapefruit meat, which gives a hint of sourness to it.

Definitely going to come back here to get my diabetic fill.
The desserts here are crazy good. We each got the strawberry mango juice sago and lychee jelly with mango ice cream (phew, a mouthful to say).

The title tells you exactly what's in it. If you're like me and have never heard of sago, they're teeny pearls of chewy goodness. The base of the dessert is the mango juice though I would say the dessert is 90% topping, 10% mango juice. The combination of fresh fruit with lychee jelly and ice cream made the dessert feel more healthy! 

The size of the dessert is supposed to be single serving but if you're coming in right after a meal, I'd recommend sharing it with another person. 

We also got the mango mochi. My friend says they've run out of these by the evening so come earlier in the day if you want some! At first when you take a bite, it seems pretty ordinary but wait until you get to the center of the mochi. A giant chunk of fresh sweet mango awaits!
For a place called Mango Mango Dessert, you know you have to order something with mango in it. A majority of items on their menu are mango based desserts (no surprise). I love mangoes in general, so I knew I would probably like their desserts. 

We tried their mango platter (available for dine-in only) and mango pancake. The mango platter was such a well crafted trio sampler of some of their popular mango desserts. My favorite thing on the platter was their rice balls with mango juice and mangos. The rice balls are small and perfectly chewy. Overall, everything on the platter was very refreshing. Their mango pancake was interesting. It was filled with a lot of cream. Of the two things we got, I liked my mango platter more. If you like mangos and crave a refreshing dessert to cleanse your palette, this place is for you.
Finally, you can get some authentic Cantonese dessert in Philly Chinatown! Having lived in Guangzhou for a few years and visited Hong Kong frequently during that time, I've waited far too long for some delicious Cantonese dessert to arrive.

Here's a brief introduction, traditional Cantonese dessert is often soup-based, which is also called Tang Shui (糖水, means sweet soup), with traditional ingredients such as sweet red beans, snow fungus, and sticky rice balls. Hong Kong dessert chefs combined traditional Cantonese dessert with Western dessert and created a range of new Cantonese dessert often with tropical fruit. Generally, Cantonese dessert is fruity, mildly sweet, and less creamy than Western dessert.

Mango Mango Dessert is a chain that has a couple of locations in New York City. They serve both traditional and new Cantonese desserts. On their opening day, we ordered a mango juice sago and mango pancakes (a wrapped dessert with mango and cream filling) to go, which blew my mind! I'll definitely come back! If you haven't but would like to try some Cantonese dessert, come here ASAP.

My only complaint was the wait time. We waited 20+ minutes for our order, but it was their opening day and the place was packed. I hope this would improve as time goes by.
Mango mango is one of my all-time favorite dessert places. I first tried mango mango at the NYC location in china town and then I found one close to Edison. Now that mango mango is in Philly, I'm super happy!! 

My favorite is their mango juice and the rice balls! Can't go wrong with the sago drink as well. The rice balls are chewy and the texture is also doughy. The mango juice has the right amount of sweetness pair with the mango ice cream. I also love their mille crepe. This time I got the oreo. So good! Can't go wrong with oreo anything!

The service is super fast and the food came out so quickly. I was happy. The place is also very spacious and I would love to come back again.
Save some room for dessert! This is a great spot for dessert after your meal at Chinatown. I like how this is a sit down place where you're able to mindfully enjoy your dessert. They have a lot of variety to choose from. My favorite was the durian crepe cake (not pictured).
Been here a few times. First time I was not super impressed, but my other experienced were decent. I enjoy some of their desserts. The mango pancake is good, love the cream in it.  Sometimes the mango at the bottom of the pancake is not ripe enough so it can be a bit harder and a bit sour. 
I enjoy the flavors of the mango sago and mango/coconut sago. Sometimes the mango ice cream in the center can be a bit icy.  
I would give their durian Mille crepe cake is a 5/5 though!
Love this place so much! It's my third time here and I still have no complaints. All three of my experiences were amazing. 

The first time I was here, the told me their mangoes were a little sour that day, so I might want to avoid anything mango related, which is 90% of their menu. I think that was a really good gesture because they could've not told you and made more profits. But instead, they were very honest even though it may mean that they will have less business that day. 

Anything mango related are really good. I especially enjoyed their sago in mango. The mango ice cream isn't that special, so I would prioritize other desserts. When pairing mango with grass jelly, it has a really good taste so would also recommend that!
Ummm NEW FAV place! I'm so happy to have stumbled upon this gem. I was originally just going to get a bubble tea at tea do, but got distracted by this place and ended up getting a massive mango shaved ice and a matcha millicake. Everything was sooo good, it reminded me just like home. I love everything about this place, from interior design, their advertisements, to their actual dessert. I live an hour from here and i only came here twice this month. YUUSS cheers to mango mango. You will definitely see me here again soon. I've also tried the matcha ice cream waffle sandwich, that was pretty good as well. I was low key hoping the waffles are the actual Belgium waffles though. Those super sweet ones. But it was still delicious. Tip: if you get the mango shaved ice, you probably can't finish it by yourself! LOL
Mango is really in season and things are really sweet! Have to say i thought it was a bit pricey, but it was worth a try. Order the mango combo. Which had assorted mango dishes such as mini rice ball with mango juice. Mango ice cream with lychee jelly and mango mochi. The mochi was soft and really rich. The mochi inside tasted sour compared to the other mango outside of the mochi. Maybe because the mochi part was warm when making the mochi? My husband order the mango pomelo with mango juice and sago. Delicious !
Mango Mango is the paradise land to all the mango lovers everywhere that we never knew we needed. 

I am super excited that more Asian dessert places are finally coming to Philly, as I feel like they've been in New York for the longest time. Mango Mango offers a modern, yet universally palatable approach. While many of their menu items include mangoes, there are a few that do not for any non-mango lovers. I have noticed that there aren't quite as many options at the Philly location as they do in New York, so if you're expecting the same menu, you will be disappointed. 

The desserts are still delicious. I love that they have low sweet to very sweet options that can truly appeal to all palates and ages. I haven't tried anything that I didn't like here. Personally, I must say that the drinks fall on the almost too sweet side for me, so I would be careful, but it was tasty!
Mango's one of my top 3 favorite fruits so I was excited to come to a place devoted to it. I came here and tried the Oreo crepe cake and the mixed fresh fruit with sago and grass jelly. For the 2nd dessert, you can choose coconut water or mango juice as a base. I chose coconut water and loved how refreshing it tasted. This is definitely a desert that tasted better than it looked. It would be great for a summer day. It was light and not heavy nor too sweet. This isn't to be confused with Mngo Cafe in San Diego! They played cool and modern music here. I wanted to try the durian dessert but didn't want to get an item that I couldn't share with my non-durian-eating partner. The interior is very trendy and has wifi. The worker here gave us complimentary li xi red letter bags since it was almost Lunar New Year. I've had over 7 crepe cake flavors before but have surprisingly never seen Oreo until I came here. It was very nice and not too sweet as well. I don't prefer crepe cake over regular cake but the concept is very nice. This place is a chain with many other locations all over the US and Canada. They were out of mango ice cream the day I came but it ended up not interfering with our orders. They also sell waffles, pancakes, mochi, hot tea, and slushees.
I love the fresh fruit with sago and jelly with coconut milk (thats the one thing I always order).  Its a decent price for a dessert and the amount is very fulfilling. I've brought many of my friends there to eat multiple times and we all loved it! Would definetly visit again.
I tried this place for the first time and was pleasantly surprised by what I had. I ordered the mango mochi and the mango pancake and let me just say this - the mango pancake is the dessert of my dreams. The "mango pancake" is a beautiful mango crepe stuffed with a slice of juicy ripe mango and fresh, lightly sweetened cream. It is a traditional hongkong dessert, but I love how Mango Mango made it - with a single thick slice of fresh mango instead of cubed, sweetened mango. I inhaled 2 of them in 5 minutes. Can't wait to go back and try the matcha rolled crepe, the layered crepe cakes, and the various shaved ice!
If you love mangoes this is the place to have dessert and not feel guilty. Refreshing jasmine tea as well.
I went in mango mango at two o'clock on the third and had a really good experience, there was a wide variety of desserts that expanded beyond the typical selection of bubble tea and crepes- which I appreciated and it gave me incentive to go back there and try more 
What really impressed me was the waitress working, she was so sweet and friendly despite literally having four different tables sit down at one time when I'd arrived and having to handle the register
She was the only one on the floor but was so fast and attentive and handled everything so well and smoothly
I am myself a server and was impressed, I'd wish I'd caught her name, she's really doing a great job
I like that this place is open late, when other dessert places after a night out are closed. This is a great place to introduce your friends to a one-stop tour of ingredients and creations in Asian desserts that you might not easily find elsewhere: liberal use of rice balls, nut and bean pastes, and tons of fruit (mostly mango, but also durian) in combinations such as soups and ice cream bowls and alongside piles of fruit, jellies, and tapioca. 

Waffles were okay. The mango juice and ice cream desserts with rice balls were good. The menu is extensive and there will probably be something for everyone.
Doesn't matter where I'm at but I must have dessert. Life is too short so must have my dessert.

The decor of the place was cute. It was very suiting to the title - all about mangos. The color is a yellow-ish orange color, of course mango theme. The menu is 80-90% mango because it's a mango dessert place, hence, the name. 

The food was okay. I had the mango smoothie cream drink and mango mochi. Both were lukewarm to me. The mango smoothie drink had mango hair/fuzz which made it a little challenging to drink because I had to pick it out every time it gets stuck between the teeth. It wasn't bad but there's a place back home called creations that has won my heart when it comes to mango drink and mango mochi.
The best dessert place in philly
I went to here, got a [ special mango juice sago&pomelo, mini pudding and matcha Millie crepe ]
I like the design in this fancy place!!!
I want to recommend everyone come In to try!!!!
You will love it
For what it's worth, Mango Mango boasts a skillfully designed, relaxing atmosphere and more importantly, an expansive menu with both dairy and non-dairy selections.  Came for dessert after a friend's birthday dinner and there was a big table calling our name.  Our party of five was seated right away and we took our time scanning the menu.  One of my friends was mulling over an option including durian, which is such an exotic fruit it is even banned in some countries, and because it's not commonly requested, the server was kind enough to bring a small dish of it for the entire table to sample.  Some didn't mind its semi-garlicky taste; I, however, was not a fan, so I settled on the vanilla sundae with strawberries, whipped cream, and chocolate syrup.  Everything about our experience was for the most part good, though my only gripe is that they have a $15 minimum if you pay with a card, so bring cash if you don't plan to spend that much!
This is the third time my hubby and I visit Mango Mango. So glad we discovered this place last year. They open late which really works for us. We usually stop by after a concert. Hubby loves the mango ice cream with fresh chunks of mango, strawberries and lychee. I tried different things every time. Loved the coconut juice with mango and black rice. Also tried the strawberry mango slushy - very refreshing. Next time must  try a durian dessert and anything with sago and red bean. The last visit, we actually had to wait in line, but it was worth it. They need to get more tables and chairs to fill the empty space as this place is getting popular and crowded. Can't wait to visit again.
If I think back to my time abroad in Hong Kong, this place reminds me of all the small dessert shops there. Mango mango has a lot of what you expect from a Hong Kong style dessert shop. You have the juices in a glass, well in this case it's mostly mango, you've got ice creams, and you've got random pastries and desserts like mochi. I came here with a friend passing through the area in Chinatown, craving some dessert. It has a cute aesthetic on the inside, and it was packed full when we arrived.

We opted for the strawberry mango juice with sago and ice cream and a mango juice with sago and lychee jelly. Both were pretty great, nice and sweet. I really liked the mango juice with sago and lychee jelly, since all the flavors worked well. My friend enjoyed hers as well with the strawberry mango combo, but I wasn't a big fan of the strawberries personally. Also, both of us weren't a fan of the mango ice cream, had a different taste than what we were used to. Still, would definitely recommend for anyone with a sweet tooth, or just someone missing a nice Hong Kong style dessert.
Such a fun place, I wish we had it here in Miami.  We stopped there after eating a lot of food at a nearby restaurant. I loved it even though I was already super full walking in. Great menu, the mango shaved ice takes home the trophy though. Remember, this is not for one person and nobody should try it eating alone...I did and I was defeated badly by this delicious monster of a dessert! Can't wait to go back!
I would like to start this review with the 1 star not for the food but their service. I love Mango Mango Dessert and their smoothies but after my visit this weekend on Sunday I will never be back. The food is not worth the Disrespect on the staff with the Horrible Customer service. I walked in and two girls are just yapping away with no Hello as I asked for a menu to and asked to order Togo. I knew what I wanted as I asked for the Mango Smoothie both girls looked at each other and laughed. At this point I'm just so confused as what is so funny about this. This place is called mango mango. One girl then pointed and say yeah no don't get that Mangos are so sour... Like that makes no sense why would you say that when the name of your store is "MANGO MANGO" I then asked what is like that or something like that to drink both girls looked at each other and laughed as again I don't know whats so funny and both said I don't know just choose something else. I then got mad and me and my 4 friends ended up leaving and went next door to buy 5 drinks. I wish I can say this is the first time that I received bad customer service here but isn't and I should of known better the first time. To conclude everything If you guys want a average desert and horrible customer service this is def the place to go!
My favorite place to get dessert in Chinatown.
My wife and I order the Mango Shaved Ice every single time. It's the best thing on the menu

The waitress, Kate, is always friendly and knows the exact dessert I want as soon as I walk in.
More than just cute looking desserts, the quality and taste is phenomenal. Food was worth the price. By far the friendliest staff service experienced in Chinatown. Will come back to try everything on the menu
Cute dessert spot in Chinatown! Good variety of desserts and drinks on the menu. I highly recommend anything mango flavored!
Listen...maybe I'm just completely naive to Asian desserts...but this was the best dessert ever. EVER. Not only was is delectable and inspiring...it naturally promotes portion control. Like everything is small and cute so you don't need to overdose on it. ANYWAY, down to the brass tacks: my girlfriend and I got the mango mochi; the brown sugar Bobo puff; and the green tea Mille cake.

Mango mochi: bro, why are other people NOT putting a piece of fresh mango in their mochi?!?! The contrast between the mango mochi chewy outside and the fresh mango core...I don't have words. It was all so subtle and gentle with the taste buds. 

Brown sugar bobo puff: brown sugar jelly, cream, crunchy flaky exterior, this dark complex almost coffee like shell...I just...can't reach for words on this thing. It was blissful.

Green tea Mille cake: ok...so...this really hit me hard. I'm a green tea junkie. Mille cake is already such a special dessert because of the texture alone. What mango mango did here is take it higher. Most people just use some subtle green tea. Something "people pleasing". Mango Mango went straight to the heart of the connoisseur: matcha. It almost gave me gunpowder green tea vibes. It's like....more of a dark leafy green veggie flavor; but don't let that put you off. It's perfect in this dessert.

Hats off to Mango Mango! I'm impressed!
If you're a lover of mango, this place is for you! From fresh cubed mango to mango ice cream, juice, slushies, and even shaved ice, their mango is always ripe and flavorful. 

If you're not crazy about mango, no worries, there are plenty of other options. For those with only a mild sweet tooth, I recommend the taro balls with herbal jelly. The durian dessert is delicious but definitely not for the faint of heart as the fruit is an acquired taste. And skip the mango pancakes, they're basically balls of mango syrup and cool whip wrapped in a crepe-like skin ... not worth $6.

Overall, the food is tasty and service is prompt but pricing is more on the expensive side. Suggestion for the owners: The menu's a bit overwhelming with most dishes featuring the same few ingredients in different combinations. I think a "choose your base and choose your toppings" approach may be more conducive.
I walk by Mango Mango all of time on my lunch breaks and have never stopped in until last Saturday, but that cute fake dessert in the window has tempted me several times before.

I was surprised to find upon entering that they have table service and a full menu of mango and other fruit inspired Asian style desserts. Also they serve drinks, including pots of various hot teas.
My partner and I ordered one of the combos to get a feel for everything and was surprised with the amount of food you get for $17. It's three full size desserts and they are all fresh and delicious tasting. I will note that almost nothing on the menu is dairy free so probably not great for primarily vegan folks or those who are lactose intolerant. 
I also had some earl grey lavender tea which was super fragrant and yummy. I will say that I think the cost of the pot of tea (which provides about two small cup servings) is kind of excessive at $5. 

Only complaint is that the service is a little slow. Had to flag someone down both to order and also to get my check. Would return if I was feeling in the mood for some mango action.
My friend brought me here after his first experience which he absolutely loved. I am glad we came even though I was stuffed from dinner right before. It was a really cute and cozy place with good lighting. We were seated right away.
We tried the Strawberry Mango Juice Sago & Lychee Jelly with Mango Ice-cream which was A5 on the menu.
Service:
Our server was really sweet. We checked in at the front and picked our own seats. Our server came and found us and walked us through the menu. Throughout our time there, we just felt pleasantly welcomed and it was a super friendly environment to be in.

Food:
Our desert was amazing. My first sago drink ever. The sago came with fresh fruits and mango ice cream, so refreshing!!!! We devoured it between the two of us within minutes 

I am so excited to come back and try the other desserts they have here!!
Desserts!  For me desserts are to be lightly sweet filled with subtle flavors and a great balance.  Mango Mango definitely did the deed for me.  We ordered the first mango dessert on the menu and it was pretty phenomenal. No surprise why this joint is called Mango Mango.  We also ordered the ube hot soup and a slice of the matcha cake.  The three of us really enjoyed it.  

Philly's Chinatown is one of the best Chinatowns of the States in my opinion and this place did not disappoint.   Great spot to bring a date as well.
Mango. Mango. Mango. It's the perfect dessert spot for mango-lovers. They have a variety of desserts, ranging from multiple-layer-crepes to ice cream-and-mango-soup drinks. The service can be a little slow, but they make great desserts. My friend got a fluffy mango pancake, which wasn't quite as advertised, but was still delicious. It's a great addition to Chinatown's already bustling asian-dessert scene. Make sure you stop by - especially if you love mangos.
Came here from word of mouth and it definitely didn't disappoint! I may be biased but I'm a big fan of mango food dishes. I got the mango sundae and it definitely satisfied my palate! If you ever need a go to dessert place, this is the place to go
My favorite dessert place in Philly! I may be a little biased because mango is my favorite fruit, but this spot was recommended as super authentic according to my friend who used to live in Hong Kong.

The mango pancake is a personal must-order. It's a sizeable chunk of mango and whipped cream with a crepe wrapping; what's not to like? I also love the mango ice cream with sago, pomelo, and 1/2 mango juice, 1/2 coconut milk. One of my mates loves the mango ice cream with  mango juice and rice balls.

One time the server warned us that the mangoes happened to not be as sweet that day, but we ended up ordering mango desserts anyway. There was no problem at all; the mango was still delicious. We greatly appreciated the honesty, though.

If this place ever goes away, I will cry.
I love fruity, Asian desserts so Mango Mango has been on my list to try. To beat the heat we stopped by to get some
dessert on Saturday. It was fairly busy and we had to wait about 5 minutes for a table.

I got a mango with sago and coconut milk and snow. The mango was fresh and the entire dessert was delicious and not too sweet. It's a great place to get together with friends or for a date. Service is really spotty and slow which is nice since you don't feel rushed to get out but not ideal if your meter is running out. A great place I'll definitely come back to again! I gotta try the durian dishes.
Very nice place to hang out. 
They have a wide selection of shaved ice, ice cream and crepes.
The service is fast and friendly
Have seen this around in New York when I was working there over the summer and I have heard its tourist status in New York, but I was surprised to find one in Philly Chinatown as well! We got the crepe cake and this cup dessert thing. The crepe cake was very good, very soft with a lot of cream in between. This was my first crepe cake and I was not disappointed! The cup with the milky liquid and the aloe, red bean, etc. was interesting.. I am not sure if I will recommend it because I didn't really like the liquid mixed with aloe, but I am exciting to try some of the other dessert like gelato.
Really easy to order and not a long wait at all! I was worried about getting the desserts that are usually in a bowl but they package it in containers nicely where it's easy to take home with you. I ordered the mango with coconut milk and rice. I'm happy the rice was delicious and not super hard from being in the coconut slushie.
This dessert place has been on my radar for a long time since I've heard so many of my friends whom got addicted to it lol. I and my other two coworkers stopped by on a Friday evening. We got seated right away, and we were super excited to eat!!!
We got 2 orders to share: A mango sampler A dessert and an Ulbe Soup with Sago and Rice Balls
Mango Sampler A is a cold dessert that has mango juice, diced mango cubes, ice cream, and grapefruit (garnished). Mangoes were fresh, soft, and sweet. Not soggy and not fibrous at all!!! It's so so refreshing!!! This  actually helped me to cool down the heat from an 85 degrees summer day!!!
Ulbe Soup with Sago and Rice Balls is a purple yam warm dessert. It's super flavorful and addicting!!! The soup was condensed, soft and smooth. Its so fun to eat, especially its even more satisfying if you eat the soup with those white rice balls. They're chewy but soft, and you kept going back for more! What a great combination!!! Who invented this!?!?!?

This place has lived up to its hype! Writing this review makes me want to come back to this place so bad! Baby I will be coming back for you!!! Wait for me!!!
The Mango Millie cake had the texture of a soft waffer and didn't really offer that much flavor, now I'm not exactly sure what the 2 icecreams are called since they came with the combo but they both were great and the mango pancakes are a must if you go! The staff was nice and the food came out fast.
I'm so glad Mango Mango is in Philly. There's a decent amount of seating so this is a great place to go with a group for dessert. Pretty much anything you get is good but you're probably best off getting something with mango considering the place is known for their mango desserts (lol).

Service is decent and they refilled my water when needed. Our waitress was also helpful with recommending dishes and also offered to give us samples of durian to try since we weren't sure if we wanted to try durian mille crepe. We ended up getting durian mille crepe and snow white mango juice with sago and pomelo with ice cream. If you like durian, you should try the durian crepe cake. If not, try something with mango.

There are a lot of options so you're bound to find something you like.
Good place to chill with friends and grab a refreshing light dessert that is fruit focused and kissed with different sweet options from the mundane to the exotic. They have something from everyone's tastebuds. 

We tried multiple thumbs up recommendations the mango, lychee, strawberry with sago and ice cream was my favorite.
This is a cute spot for a night out on the town in the heart of Philly. My boyfriend and I were looking for a sweet treat and came across this exotic experience. The restaurant was very clean and the staff were pretty friendly. The menu had us venturing the world of Google and YouTube learning more about what durian is. We were very thankful to our waitress who warned my boyfriend against getting that flavor of ice cream seeing as he had  never had it before. 

We first tried some soup like concoction. It had tapioca balls in it. It had a sweet taste to start and then ended with this fishy/seafood taste. I thought it more of a clam chowder dessert. It wasn't horrible but definitely an acquired taste. 

Next, I had the waffle with strawberry banana Nutella and hazelnut ice cream. It was  delicious! My boyfriend had the crepe, which was also really good. It was a great first time experience. I would definitely come back again.
Got there at 9:30 and was told we couldn't sit and eat our crepe even though they didn't close until 10 and three tables were still seated.

We ended up ordering the crepe to go and it was delicious! The many had other dessert options including cakes, and tea&dessert combos.
