A bagel shop in the Rittenhouse neighborhood   - nice coffee and decent sandwiches. Very limited seating inside the window with bar stools, so plan to take-away. 
They do have a grill that makes the real eggs, so I do like this place. Some restaurants  microwave theirs which I don't find appealing. Very inexpensive and friendly staff as well.
Decent Philly bagel place, but with NY prices. I'm a NY'er, who spent a weekend in Philadelphia. I went to grab some bagels and juices. I was immediately greeted by someone who took my order and assured me with paying. The place looked neat and the gentlemen was very friendly (aside from his Eagles hat, everything was perfect)

Two bagels, two juices and a muffin was about $15 bucks. I found that to be a tad on the expensive side, but the service and the product were good. I would return here in the future.
Staff is SUPER friendly, the bagels are awesome (especially the super cinnamon and the cinnamon raisin). Prices are fair and there's always enough coffee. It can get pretty busy here during the morning rush, but the staff keeps the line moving swiftly. My waist line hates them but who care! 5 Stars!
The egg white asparagus and mushroom bagel is amazing. You can choose whichever cream cheese and bagel you want. I got the jalapeño cheddar bagel with garden vegetable cream cheese. This bagel is a winner: the perfect amount of spice from the bagel, filled with enough flavor from the cream cheese, and it stuffs you up so well because of the eggs.

The perfect breakfast.
This location always has salt bagels. Do people not like them?! Eating one (with cheese, tomato and mayo) results in a most pleasurable experience. It's high up there on my "Favorite Things To Do" chart, alongside cleaning my ears with Q-tips and taking a pee after a long car ride.

Oh, how I love you, salt bagel.
AUGH.  Truly awful.  The bagels here have to be among the worst I've EVER had.  EVER.  I swear.  Not fresh, not tasty, just plain WRONG.  Avoid, avoid, avoid.  Their coffee sucks too.
i came here hungry ready for a quick bite and wasn't let down. i got a pork roll egg and cheese on a croissant and it was fast, fresh and delicious! the workers were friendly and the inside was clean
The hotel I was staying at wasn't too far from here. Don't let the name fool you. Their bagels DO NOT taste, look, feel like bagels from Manhattan. Their prices do. Had a bagel with scallion cc since they don't have olive cc. Smaller bagel which was palatable. Had the next day a "pork roll" & cheese on a everything. The Taylor Ham, yes Taylor ham her in Jersey, not pork roll, tasted off. Didn't have the same flavor as what we serve here. Anyway, their coffee was good. Surprisingly.  
I guess since I live near the mecca of bagels it's hard to compare. Yeah I know it's a chain but for people to think that's what bagels should taste like, they are surely missing out.
A wide variety of fresh, flavorful bagels? Yes please! And they have a griddle that they make real eggs on as opposed to those spongy things at other chains? Even better!

The line moved fast, the food was hot and good, the prices were reasonable and staff was decent. I needed food and fast and this place was great for what it was and made me happy.
Stopped by while walking and grabbed a latte. For half the price of Starbucks, you can get a simple, tasty coffee. Their bagel sandwiches also look delicious although I did not order one during my visit!
My only negative comment is that the coffee making system seems a little inefficient. You order the bagels before the register so they're ready when you pay, but the coffee is made at the register while you pay. I felt a little bad holding up the line, when I wish the coffee could have been made quicker.
It was just ok.  The staff was not friendly perhaps since they are so busy they go into robotic mode but a "Hello" would be nice.   

This small location was on a busy corner so street parking is the only option although I'm sure most people stop in on foot in this busy Center City location.

A few window counter seats.

The bagel didn't taste as fresh as other locations (ex Clifton Heights).   

I doubt I'll be back.  I didn't see anything special at this location especially since it's $1.09 for one plain bagel.
I was first introduced to Manhattan Bagel around thirty years ago. Even before Yelp was a thing I wanted to spread the word of these fresh as can be bagels at the age of seven. My family and I introduced the bagel to our family dog and she was probably the most enthusiastic participant I have seen devouring a Manhattan bagel since. 

I will continue to preach on about Manhattan Bagel and they really do introduce some quite interesting seasonal items - just look at the picture of there newest creation the Pretzel Pastrami Egg Sandwich I took below!

Whether you choose a toasted or fresh bagel, cream cheese or butter, breakfast meat or delectable fish, I think you will be happy with your experience with this bagel joint I know I was.

As always people SYOY!!
Stopped in here for a quick breakfast while visiting my friend who lives a couple blocks away. 
I was looking up at the menu & had a guy ask me if I was ready to order... then 20 seconds later, another guy asked... then 10 seconds later yet another guy asked... 
I felt uncomfortable & quickly decided on a honey whole wheat everything bagel with LF veggie cream cheese... and no one was standing there this time. It only took about 5 seconds for one of the 5 or 6 guys to take my order, then he gave me a ticket. I took the ticket to the cashier & he said, "uhh I can't read that, what did you get?" I told him my bagel & the total was higher than it should be so I asked & he said "and the water?" (which was almost empty) and I told him I brought it in with me. He said, "Oh, yea, that's not even the brand we sell." (A simple mistake, but I was already frazzled from his coworkers.)

The bagel was fine... not the best or worst I've had... and more like whole wheat everything.. I guess I was expecting it to be salty & slightly sweet but there was no sweetness. Cream cheese was good. Overall I was just  very thrown by repeatedly being asked if I was ready when I was clearly staring at the menu. Not writing it off but not looking to go back either.
Yum. Wishing I had a manhattan bagel near me. I stopped in before heading to the Made in America Fest this past weekend and grabbed a snapple and two egg bagels with egg and cheese. Hit the spot. 

Liked the customer service and the quick in and out food line.
This place gets busy, so get your bagel in early

For about 3 or 4 bucks, you're getting a good bagel sandwich. I got the egg and cheese on...

Me: Wheat?
MB: Sorry we're out
Me: Everything Bagel?
MB: Sorry we're out
Me: Blueberry
MB: You got the last one bro...

Moral of the story, early bird gets the bagel. Also, coffee was mediocre I wouldn't recommend it.
Obviously Manhattan Bagel is not a 5 star restaurant, but it definitely has some awesome bagels. What I love about MB is the consistency. From store to store you see the same consistency and preparation so you know what you are getting. This one had my BEC (bacon, egg and cheese) on a toasted everything perfectly and quickly prepared on a Sunday morning when I needed it the most. Thanks Manhattan Bagel, you really saved the day and my stomach from a wicked hangover.
What they deserve is zero star.I went last week and took one dozen bagel, apparently they mix old bagels with couple that are new.
Although I put the rest of the bagels in the refrigerator the next day it had already fungus on it. I've been to many countries and I never seen bagels like this, no taste, not enough sesame and very bad quality spread cheese.
A dozen cost $17 on top of that cheating just because they don't care about their customers with all their greediness and cheating.
Philadelphia is truly lacking in the bagel department. One on hand you've got the saran-wrapped, cream cheese filled numbers that the lunch trucks leave out in the sun all day. As a formidable alternative, you've got Cosi's wait-in-line 20 minutes for a revolutionary square bagel, or you've got watered-down franchise numbers like these.

At least the chains back home (Bruegger's/Einstein) had tact in bagel-making. They specialized in freshness, and while the bagels themselves would never make you consider a second the way that Northern New Jersey's bagelries might, they sufficed.

Manhattan Bagel is truly just a Dunkin Donuts posing as a bagel shop... only Dunkin Donuts has good coffee. Mayor Bloomberg should sue the company for advertising these tasteless balls of dough as having anything to do with a 14-mile island. Terrible... I'd sooner eat a lunch truck bagel than these.
Wow! I can't believe how many people don't like this place. Granted, I've never had a real New York bagel and I was also just visiting when I came here, but I thought I'd give it a review.

I liked the place just fine. I wasn't floored, but I liked it all the same. I had an egg and cheese bagel. It wasn't as good as a biscuit, but I was still satisfied. 

The staff was fine. They didn't knock my socks off or anything, but I thought that they were nice.

Overall, I recommend it if you're visiting. My experience was good.
This particular Manhattan Bagel rules for a number of reasons: 
1. Location- close to everything & makes for some great people watching while you enjoy your bagel looking out the window
2. The dude who takes your order-  he's hilarious and i love his accent.  All the other employees were way nice, too.
3. (and most importantly) the bagels are delicious.  They do lox and a bagel some serious justice.
YUCK! This morning was my first visit to Manhattan Bagel in Philadelphia. I ordered a pumpkin bagel with pumpkin cream cheese. It was the worst bagel and cream cheese I've ever had. The bagel was small and thin, the cream cheese was almost watery, and they didn't have the courtesy to include a napkin in my to-go-bag. So, when the watery-pumkin mess went all over, I didn't have anything to clean it up. The bagel was rubbery and after a few bites I just threw the rest out. It was gross. I will never go back.
was here an hour ago, three of the four employees had no idea what was going on - when there were 5 customers in the store. 

it took 20 minutes to get our food, 2 bagels with cream cheese and a BLT on a bagel. the bagels were handed to the wrong people the first time. then i guess the BLT was forgotten about ?

the cashier wrote the orders in horrible handwriting and his coworkers had asked him numerous times what the orders said. 

a younger, dark skinned man with thick rimmed glasses was the only person to acknowledge the issues and was apologizing heavily. 

get it together, seriously.
The hash browns at this place are terrible. They always come out soggy.
The people working were very confused about what food they still had in stock and didn't make it clear they basically had nothing left to order.  We watched two other people order well after us and still had to wait for our very simple sandwiches.  Once we had finally received our sandwiches, they were incorrect and we were missing our sides.  I had eaten here before in a pinch, but this will be our last time.
It's a chain.  It's in a neighborhood with some great bakeries.  Why not have a croissant or a cup of La Colombe nearby?

But if you want a reliable egg-on-a-bagel, this will do.  It's no H&H, but it's not terrible.  They also gave out some big coupon booklets recently, so I stopped in for my free cup of coffee.  La Colombe is the really good, but it's not free.
The staff member dropped my bagel on the floor and still used the same bagel.can u believe it....the owner said u no throw away you use same bagel it cost money use use use.
Fresh and delicious food at a convenient location to Rittenhouse Square. 

The Lox (salmon) bagel with cream cheese, onions, and capers was excellent as was The Rueben sandwich. I grabbed a chai latte to go along it which was also very flavorful. Choice of whole or skim milk. The lady was nice enough to reduce the amount of sugar in it so that was nice.
I dont get bagels often but I really had a desire for a fall-themed bagel.  I stopped in here today and was delighted. They had a terrific California something or other bagel that had a bunch of dried fruits and seeds in it.  They also had a pumpkin bagel that was spectacular. Best of all, the service was terrific. They asked several times if I needed anything to go with the bagels, specifically mentioning butter, cream cheese and coffee at various times.  My bagel was perfectly toasted with the cream cheese quanity I requested.  Prices seemed in line with every other bagel place.
I'll preface this review by saying I've only ever ordered a bagel with cream cheese, which is pricey but tastes good. I'll also say that I never go during a busy time. 

My problem is with product delivery and customer service. At least three times I have opened up my bagel at work only to find barely enough cream cheese to cover all four quarters (I do like that they quarter the bagel for you). Other times I find it barely toasted. One time it was either stale or baked(?) because the whole bagel was toasted, not just the surfaces. Another time I ordered my usual, got to work and found that there was no cream cheese! I wasn't charged for it but I had ordered "bagel with cream cheese" and didn't know I wasn't charged for what I wanted due to using charge card.

I will say that one time they asked me to wait because they had burnt my bagel and wanted to make it right. Props but not enough.

Finally, they have weird customer service. A woman came in who made it clear she was a regular as she ignored those in line to pay (I had already paid) and proceeded to hand over a $20 for a bunch of cups of coffee.
I've had their bacon,egg,and cheese bagels a few times now and it's my favorite morning starter.  For the same price as Dunkin' Donuts, you get real egg, melty cheese, and legit bacon.  The toasted bagel is perfect.

Do this place.
First, the bagels:  not great, not terrible.  They're certainly not as crusty and chewy as the best bagels, not as purely bread-like as the worst.  Kinda eh, but acceptable in a pinch.  

I sampled the ham, egg & cheese on a bagel, and the cheesesteak on a bagel.  The latter wins points for novelty and local sense of place.  

They have fresh-squeezed OJ, which was good, and coffee, which was only OK.  If you prefer a strong brew, the much better Joe and La Colombe are only a few blocks away.  

Some of the staff (the ones involved in food prep) were friendly, others (the heavyset cashier) were efficient / functionally rude.
This is probably my favorite bagel spot in Philly. It's super convenient and quick if you're in a hurry. Even though it's a chain this one is particularly impressive with their preparation time and freshness (I always get avocado and tomato on mine). I love that they offer bagels to be scooped out in the middle because you can still enjoy the deliciousness of the bagel of your choice but with fewer calories! They recently added cold brew to their menu and it's absolutely delicious!!
I wanted to give them 3 stars but hey - let's be honest...I'm probably here twice a month on average, which is probably more than any other food retailer, with exception to starbucks and la colombe. I would never drink coffee here. I do not serve myself, thank you very much. By definition, it cannot be good coffee if I have to pump it. What is there to say? The people who work her are courteous and make an effort to give good service. Yes, the have a tendency to run out of plain bagels in the early afternoons on weekends, but that's what I get for waking up late. With the dearth of good bagel places in the city, I prefer MB. I guess 4th street deli also has good bagels, but they charge more...and don't have lite cream cheese. Or lite anything...
Meh, was expecting a lot better.  Salmon lox bagel & cream cheese for $8.50?  I can get that for $4.50 at Au Bon Pain in Liberty place.  Highway robbery!  The egg & cheese was only $2.80, and the egg was fresh, but underwhelmingly small portion.  All other breakfast sandwiches around $6? Robbery again.  Coffee was average, $1.80 for medium, but there's no Splenda and no cinnamon. Disappointing.  I won't be coming back., not unless the prices drop several dollars.
Went here because I haven't had a bagel in awhile and my friend wanted to try it.  I ordered an Everything Bagel Toasted with cream cheese, pretty standard I think..  Got back to my office and opened it up, and it's not toasted..  

I will not be returning.
Been here a few times since it's convenient and I keep hoping the bagels will get better, but they are really terrible.  Coming from NYC, I guess I've been spoiled but the consistency of their bagels is similar to thick stale bread, the flavor is completely lacking--overall, it's just a very unsavory piece of bread.  The prices aren't even cheap!
Mediocrity.  Came here when I was in a huge rush and Hip City Veg (next door) was bustling and Nom Nom ramen had a long line.  Spent about $6 on a latte and a stale bagel with veggie "light" cream cheese, tomato and cucumber.

Bitter overpriced latte.  

BLAH.

Waste of calories.

Not goin' back.
This location needs to work on their customer service. They cater to the regulars...one in particular in a fur coat..even when there is a long line. Someone should not be able to walk off the street, just stand by the register and order what they want. They should have to stand in the line like everyone else. It's a common occurrence there and I'm tired of it. Do better. Make everyone stand in line no matter how much they tip.
I was craving lox and bagel so I popped into Manhattan Bagel just to see if they even had lox spread which would do the trick.  They actually did have lox and bagel on the menu for $7.99 which was fine with me because when you gotta have it, you're paying premium prices no matter what.  It was awesome and perfectly hit the spot.  I like mine on an everything bagel with tomato and red onion.  Great location also.
Although I believe this place is kinda expensive, my lox n bagel was quite delicious! Mmmmm!!!! As you can see from my pictures, they did stuff it with the right amount of items. Capers, onions, tomatos, cream cheese, and of course the LOX! It tasted so fresh. I think my everything bagel kind of took it over the top though.... Made my sandwich a lil too salty, so next time, I'll be ordering it on a plain bagel.

I also ordered a small coffee. I made myself a vanilla nut coffee with some cream and sugar. The vanilla nut flavored coffe has such a nice aroma to it! I can still smell it now even though I had it yesterday...lol! 

I def will be back, but not too often bc $10 for breakfast all the time will cause a huge dent in my wallet
I'm glad I decided to give this Manhattan Bagel another chance.  This time around the workers were very friendly and the bagel was good.  I may come back again!!
I wasted $28 on food from here. 13 years of NYC bagels told me immediately.." this ain't it". The bagel had no substance to it. The fixings were skimpy at best. NYC bagel sandwiches have at least a inch of ingredients that make them a meal all by themselves. Are avocados scarce in Philly, because I got like 3 slices? The bagel was just bread and the crossaint wasn't any better. It wasn't flaky, buttery and had no volume. Sausage/cheese/ fried egg were cold as ice. I had to put it in the toaster oven.
I ordered the Croissant Classic with eggs, avocado and Turkey bacon.  This is what came to me.  Literally not a croissant at all which was the whole name of the title of the item I ordered.   Unreal.
New Yorker here. These ain't NY bagels. 

But, there was a woman working there who was as nice as could be. As nice as you could get. 

5 Stars for Customer Service
1 Star for the Bagels

Cream cheese looked decent.
Good bagels around Rittenhouse square. They are super reliable for catering, so I often order from here for events. They have a wide variety of bagel and cream cheese flavors. I haven't had a bagel in store, but I've been pleased with my big orders.
Food is good but overpriced. Staff is very unfriendly and seem like they hate life. Manual receipt system seems to cause long waits and food served out of order. Would not go back.
This was probably the worst breakfast sandwich I've ever had. It felt like I wasn't eating a sandwich just stale bread. There was barely any steak or eggs on it. The bread was dry and the size was smaller than what I paid for.
I think I've been to a few other Manhattan bagels in my time. I've never had much of an opinion on the chain. I love bagels though. 
I've been to this particular one quite a few times throughout the virus shut down. It is one of the few places that opens up normal time these days. 
So let me preface it by saying I really appreciate the workers and the fact that they are on the front lines and working. So these stars are for the workers and their service. 

Unfortunately though the things I've tried just suck. 
I've jumped around the menu a bit too. Doing bagel cream cheese or bagel sandwich combinations. I got egg white, avocado, bacon on an everything today. It tasted a little like plastic. 
The only other thing I can compare it to would be the Fisher Price cheese burgers that I played with as a kid. 
The coffee is pretty bad too. 

I'll keep going here. I pray they don't recognize me and spit in my food.
Very disappointed, bought this to take to an outdoor brunch with my friends and unwrapped to find a completely burnt bagel.
I the only one in the store with two workers, and it was the longest wait. One on the phone and the other doing everything except helping me, it took 5 minutes for someone to take my order, then another 7 to make the sandwich. Lady at checkout made me pay twice because she messed up the amount the first time. Picked the sausage bacon egg and cheese on a croissant. Pretty pricey for the size, but everything tasted good. 

While someone was in the bathroom, a worker walked by with 2 rolls of toilet paper and realized they were in there with none. She put them on the counter and left, and the other workers let 2 other customers use the restroom without TP even after knowing it was all out. Kind of rude.

Croissant sandwich was alright though, and the cheese made it super tasty. Would've asked for it more toasted if I knew, but alright. Bagels looked average.
I think this place has some of the best bagels in CC. A bunch of funky varieties of bagels and some great cream cheese. I got the jalepeno cheddar bagel, which was really great. My coworker got the lox and thought it was awesome. The staff were super friendly and the prices are definitely fair
Omg these bagels are so good. I went here after a night of drinking honestly expecting to get any run of the mill bagel and was thoroughly surprised at how good these were. Not only did it get rid of my hangover but was so delicious as well. The staff was very friendly and helpful. 

I dont know what they do to these bagels but I need to figure it out because any bagel sandwich I've had since has left me very disappointed.
A simple place with simple bagels. But the employees are extremely friendly and genuinely care about getting your order correct. My go to place for when I want a bagel. 

For what it's worth, I'm from Central Jersey. No bagels compare to those from the homestead, but these are decent enough.
I just got a breakfast burrito at this place and it was the best breakfast burrito I've ever had!
Eggs were good with a lot of flavor. 
Thank you for an amazing breakfast.
First and last time at this place. Placed an online order, came in a few mins before it was ready and expected to wait a few mins, no problem. After I walked in, none of the 3 women there acknowledged me - it was actually kind of strange. I stood there for another few mins and then another woman, seemingly the manager, walks out and I tell her I'm here to pick up an order and what my name is. One of the women who saw me come in, responded to the manager saying "it's not done yet" - okay, I'll wait. I wait another 5 mins and see two people come in and order their sandwiches and get them all in the time I'm still waiting for my single sandwich that I ordered nearly 15 mins ago. Finally I walk up to a different woman and ask and she goes and hands me a bag that feels cold. Once I get to work, I head to the microwave to heat up this cold ass sandwich and see that they made my sandwich wrong too. Who thought ordering a breakfast sandwich was so hard? Yeeesh.
Just moved to a new apartment and this place is right next door - wow!! One of the best bagel sandwiches in philly. Got a ham, egg, cheese on everything bagel and it was the perfect melty consistency and so delicious. The coffee was mediocre but the bagel sandwich was good enough I'll still give five stars. Definitely a new go-to spot!
I didn't discover this franchise until my early 20's and I'm so sorry that I didn't know about them sooner. They blow Dunkin breakfasts completely out of the water. You can taste the freshness of their bagels and breakfast sandwiches and I have never had a bad experience at this place. Their coffee is on point too
