I had lunch at Marathon on the Square for the first time this week because it was a convenient meeting place for myself and my dining partner, both of us short on time and coming from other meetings in the vicinity. I arrived first and was seated inside. When my companion said he'd be late, I planned to order for the both of us but it was really hard trying to get my server's attention. I didn't catch her until my friend arrived. 

I started with the matzo ball soup because I was really hungry and needed something ASAP. It's a Best of Philly winner so I thought it would be great but it was pretty plain. I did like the al dente vegetables in the broth but the chicken was intensely dry (how is that possible in soup?!) and the matzo ball itself seemed like a waste of carbs.

We both had blackened chicken caesar salads. I thought mine was too lightly dressed and asked for additional dressing - something I rarely do. The salad was fine. My friend really liked his. I had a bangin' caese the day before at another establishment and it was hard not to compare. 

Lunch came to $42 with tip which seems really steep for two salads, a soup and no beverages aside from water. I'll probably look a little harder next time I need a lunch spot.
Last night Alicia and I were tearing up the town, running from one place to another and realized "oh crap, we really need to eat!" Lo and behold, we looked up and there, right in front of our eyes, was Marathon. Taking it as a sign from the universe, we went inside and were seated right away, despite the fact that we were dressed like we were straight outta 1986 (we were going for a theme...).

The menu choices were vast and since I can't ever make a decision, I went with the first thing that caught my eye:

Garlic mashed potatoes.

And they were delicious. Like, ridiculously delicious. That and a Golden Monkey beer made me very happy, as did the music (Joy Division? Oh yeah!). Our meal fortified us enough to run off to our next destination and got us through the rest of our wacky night out. (Bonus points for the gorgeous menu cover with an illustration of Tinkerbell...not really sure what the story is there but it was quite lovely).

Damn, now I can't stop thinking about those garlic mashed potatoes. I think I would have licked the bowl if it were socially acceptable!
Well. This was my second time here. I must say, I had a far better experience the first time. Sadly, maybe this place has gone downhill or just had an off day? We'll never know. What I do know is that my meal was just mediocre, at best.

I was super excited for a Bloody Mary in my slightly hungover state. That's such a good cure, right? I was told I didn't need to ask for it spicy because they make it "very" horseradish-y. But to me, if you put too much horseradish in, it's a goner. Quite frankly, it's downright gross. I took one sip and knew there weren't going to be any more sips. It was not drinkable in my opinion. Strike One.

Strike Two would be the service in general. Our waitress definitely seemed annoyed. Annoyed at us, annoyed at her job... annoyed at life perhaps? One will never know, but have ya ever heard of "fake it til you make it?" That's what you've gotta do to make the bucks, in my opinion (and it my experience!). 

Strike Three was the food. It was pretty bland to be honest. I ordered the swiss and mushroom omelet with hash browns and toast. Just very blah, no seasoning. I had to dump on some salt and pepper and still nothing. The best thing on the plate was the whole wheat toast, I swear! 

Pretty bummed after a good meal a while back. Hopefully they'll rebound someday!
Thirty seven dollars and an hour or so later, my companion sighed and said, "well, next time I have this idea all you have to say is 'meatloaf sandwich,' and I'll remember this day and we'll go somewhere else."

Yes... because while a chipotle meatloaf sandwich topped with caramelized onions and mushrooms and served with hand-cut french fries sounds fantastic, it's a cold slap of reality when said meatloaf sandwich arrives: a thin slice of pale "meatloaf" on top of a piece of generic white bread, topped with a handful of mushrooms and onions that have indeed been cooked (though "caramelized" clearly has a different definition in the Marathon dictionary than it does in mine) and doused with some kind of scarily artificially red sauce, accompanied by a sad pile of anemic french fries.  My breakfast quesadilla fared no better, though I think the turkey sausage that obviously journeyed straight from the freezer to my plate was the final nail in the coffin. 

On the plus side, we were eating outside with our dog, who gives absolutely RAVE reviews to the soggy meatloaf sandwich remnants (and the generic frozen turkey sausage for that matter).  Also, the coffee was hot and generous and the little pitcher of cream that came with was adorable so.. yay?
Came here on July 4th for dinner, it was four of us and didn't have a reservation but they took us in with no problems.

We sat inside and get helped right away. The food wasn't the wow, but decent and the service was superb!

Thank you!
I had a good time having dinner here with a friend sitting outdoor. The street is steady with cars but not to a point that you feel it's a distraction. 

We enjoyed some good entrees. Love the trio and the sauces it came with. I'm craving for some as I'm writing this review. Love the ribs, the sweet potato fries and everything that we ordered. 
Hope to come back again on our next meet up.
I've eaten here many times, and today was probably the last. Here's the story of the worst experience dining in Philadelphia I've ever had. Ever. EVER.

My husband (a vegetarian), two friends, my baby, and I came here for brunch.

We put in our first order:
- coffee with milk (I asked for whole or 2%)

coffee and half and half came out

Ok, I thought. Not a big deal.

We put in an order for food:
1. Breakfast special burrito (just without the chorizo)
We asked about 5 times to make sure it's vegetarian with the chorizo taken out. 
This was the ONLY item we asked for to be altered from the menu.

2. Huevos Rancheros
3. An omelet
4. Another breakfast burrito (no alterations whatsoever)

Because we were starving, I asked for some muffins or bread. This is where things started to break down. 
The waiter told us that they didn't do muffins. They don't do muffins - nope, not at all. Not now, not ever. 
(I believe him even though my office gets Marathon catering with muffins.) 
Ok, can we get an order of home fries and have those come out soon? Sure, he says.

He leaves and comes back 5 minutes later.
He apologizes but they are out of chorizo. Bummer, I thought. I was excited for my huevos. Ok, well, that's two orders we had to adjust, and again not a big deal. We can get any other breakfast meat in our orders. He recommends bacon. Ok, sounds good. But apparently, his "system" erased all of our previous orders so he had to take them down again.  We repeat our orders. 
1. My husband asks for the breakfast special burrito without the chorizo
2. I ask for the huevos, but with bacon instead of chorizo
3. Omelet stays the same
4. My friend asks for the burrito with bacon (since there's no chorizo available)

And those home fries. 

Another 5-8 minutes goes by and our waiter comes out again and tells us he got in a fight with the kitchen staff about our order. Apparently they can't take the chorizo out of the beans for the breakfast special burrito and they can't make the huevos with bacon.  Ok, well this is weird - I thought they didn't have chorizo, but now they can't take it out of the beans for the burrito... So we change our orders again:
1. My husband asks for a regular breakfast burrito (again making sure it's vegetarian). I ask as well to make sure it's vegetarian.
2. I change my order to the Eggs Benny - I forget the name of them off the menu, but it was on the brunch menu.
3. Omelet stays the same
4. My friend asks for a different thing because again they couldn't take the chorizo that they didn't have out of the burrito. 

And the home fries. At this point we were very hungry so we asked for the tex-mex home fries as well. 

About 15 min later our orders come out and my husband's burrito has chorizo in it. It has the thing we were told twice the restaurant ran out of. It was the thing we were told we had to change our orders for twice. And it was my husband's, my vegetarian husband's, burrito, which we asked about a number of times.

We got two orders of home fries and tex-mex home fries. That's an extra order of home fries. 

I asked to speak to the manager. He came out and was very kind and apologized. He comped us the home fries and had a new burrito brought out for my husband.

Then, the waiter came out again and started telling us that he's paying for the home fries and that the brunch shift was the best one and he's no longer working it. Now he's trying to make us feel bad. 

To top things off, I see a giant basket of muffins on the counter when I run in to use the bathroom. (The muffins we were told they didn't have.)
Marathon is consistently great! I love coming here for breakfast/lunch. They have an extensive menu with options for everyone! I came here for lunch with a friend today. We made reservations in advance through Open Table and we were seated right away when we arrived. 

I had the daily quiche and it came with a side salad. The salad was basic, but good! The dressing was a balsamic vinaigrette and it went great with the quiche. The quiche was vegetarian. I can't remember all the ingredients but there was definitely broccoli in it. I loved the flavors! It was fluffier than a traditional quiche and the bottom wasn't really a crust, more like crispy cheese? It was so yummy! I had a cappuccino to drink. It was honestly a little lukewarm when I got it. I wished that it was hotter. 

Overall, it is a great and consistent restaurant! I will definitely be back.
I've sent back one meal in 42 years. I would have done it tonight, but the kids were there and time couldn't drag on. Marathon on the Square should be woefully ashamed. My meal was virtually uneaten. The roasted chicken was overcooked, the broccoli undercooked, and the potatoes were dry. My daughter even thought the hamburger was bad (when does a kid say that?). I brought this to the waitress's and manager Rory's attention twice EACH. Rory apologized but eagerly noted that several other dishes were served without complaint. The check arrived. And, yes, the inedible entree was there. Shame on them. Worst meal in over a decade. And, yes, I'm still hungry.
Our party of four dined here for a business lunch last week at 12:45pm. We had reservations and were seated promptly. The restaurant was busy but not too loud.

The service and food were both very good. 

Three of us got smoothies (I got the strawberry mango -- not enough mango) and we shared the Cheesesteak Wontons to start, which were pretty good. I liked the dipping sauce.

For my entree I enjoyed the Southwest Salad with Shrimp. It was a generous portion with layers of flavor and texture. Two others got salads and one person got an omelette. Everyone was satisfied.
Thankfully this Marathon location survived the bloodbath of the last decade when a number of locations closed. The name difference ("...on the Square") here just means it's a little fancier (in their eyes) than the other Marathons and is located a block from Rittenhouse Square. 
It's always been 100 percent consistent since it first opened, and I suspect that may have kept it alive. Their burgers are probably the most popular menu item and for good reason ---if you're a burger aficionado and have somehow let Marathon's version pass you by, it's highly unlikely you'll be disappointed. Other menu entrees are always excellent as well, like the chicken parmigiana plate, Thanksgiving turkey platter, and the appetizer selection is very impressive. 
Service is always solid, the bar makes a spectacular (and huge) weekend brunch Bloody Mary, and delivery and/or takeout is almost always fast, the food packaged in a way so it doesn't arrive soggy. There is a real dearth of similar restaurants in Rittenhouse, so as long as they keep up the great work, they have this particular market to themselves. Highly recommended!
Okay .. the ONLY REASON this place is getting 3 STARS from me is because the food was delicious. Everything else was a disaster.  

Everything started okay. I came here with my sister, my mom, and my son who sat in a highchair. The gentleman in the front got us situated at our table and he kindly offered to take my stroller and store it in the front of the restaurant and out of our way. He was great. Our waitress was not.

Man I wish I remembered her name. I need to do a better job at getting the name. She was condescending and with a "I don't feel like being here" attitude from the beginning. If you don't want to be a waitress, then don't be one. Do us all a favor, for real. She was unhelpful with the menu and unapologetic about items that were not available. She basically took our order and never came back. This place serves drinks in smaller then usual glasses, which is fine as long as the waitress comes back to fill them up as needed. We sat without drinks for about 85% of the meal. She was also no where to be found. This place is NOT that big. If your not seen on the floor in such a small place, then your probably not doing a good job. Finally she came back with our order. Before she left I asked her to bring back a extra small plate, so I could give some food to my son. I would prefer he didn't eat off the table, you know? Well that literally never happened. Since I was waiting for her to come back so I could eat, I was paying extra attention to where she was. And she was behind the bar with her back to me chatting with the bartender. Then she was over by the waitress station chatting with someone else. Then she disappeared into the kitchen. WOW. My sister ended up going to the waitress station herself and getting the plate I had waited long enough for. As she picked up the plate, the waitress of the year came out and said "Oh, I was just coming to bring this to you!". Yeah, no thanks. 

The Salmon Burger, the Turkey & Grain Burger, the Grilled Chic Cobb salad, and the fries were excellent. Well done on the kitchen's end. 

I might not remember a name but I will always remember a face. When I go back to enjoy the good food this place has to offer and I see my favorite girl at the head of my table, I will kindly ask her to give our table to someone else who can do a better job serving us.
The one special thing about this Marathon is the location, otherwise; it is a typical Marathon Grill. The real attraction to this place is the beautiful and busy Rittenhouse Square area, plus the inside decor and setup is the best of any other locations I have dined at. 

I went during brunch and the food was definitely good and satisfying, plus our waiter was the best and made sure we always had what we needed. I ordered the chocolate chip pancakes with a side of crispy bacon. While the bacon was perfect, the pancakes (at least the chocolate chip) need a little work. There were barely any chocolaty chips in my large three stack of golden goodness. For some reason, the few chips I had were all melted in the center instead of throughout the pancakes. It was a little disappointing since it was similar to eating a order of plain pancakes. 

I would definitely visit Marathon again: the music and atmosphere does give this location a different feel.
We were hankering for margaritas as per usual. These were the color of a margarita but tasted like well toilet water...no toilet water tastes better....

We sent them back. We went home.

The waiter told us the goofy way they make them. Sorry marathon, just go buy some mixer. Oy!
The best thing about Marathon is the Happy Hour from 5-7 and the Late Happy Hour, from 10pm - close. $2 draft beers, $3 martinis in four flavors, and huge $4 flatbreads with gorgonzola, pears, and walnuts (normally $9). This is when the Marathon On The Square becomes a good deal, especially for the pleasant, chic, upscale-but-not-stuffy, atmosphere.
The largely 'comfort foods', 'breakfast foods', salads, and fancy sandwiches menu really seems hit and miss, a lot of it overpriced come the end of Happy Hour. The frittata was the worst frittata I've ever had in my life. It tasted like someone poured raw beated egg into a porcelin ramekin and nuked it for a minute or two. (The waitress claimed that the restaurant doesn't own a microwave, but the rubbery taste suggested otherwise). A lot of items are mediocre. The calamari is good if you have a strong stomach for excess grease. The sweet potato mash has been great on all occasions, and the arugula salad with lemony dressing was appropriately airy. Desserts here are a little basic  (apple pie, brownie with ice cream)-- banana bread pudding is the shape and weight of a small brick. I say find something you like and don't venture off the beaten path much. Or just come for Happy Hour with friends.
I have always loved Marathon. They have a wide selection, and the good is reasonably priced. When I lived in Philly, it was always a place that I took guests from out of town because everyone can find something on their menu.

My most recent visit was after flying in. I had some errands to run in the Rittenhouse area.  I was hungry after traveling, so Marathon was a great option. I love this location because I used to live in the neighborhood. It has a more intimate feel, and everyone is friendly. They even let me leave my luggage behind the hostess stand. 

We had the calamari for an appetizer, and then a turkey burger with a garden salad. I chose the lemon vinaigrette dressing, which was really good. The calamari was lightly breaded, and came with a delicious sauce which was a little spicy. As for the Turkey Burger, it was flavorful, on a multi grain bun, and big! It comes with lettuce, tomato, bacon, and onion. Delicious. 

I heart you Marathon!
Oh how this place has fallen from what it once was. 

Stopped by for an early dinner after not having been here for a few years. (I used to live down the block and was a regular here for a long time.)

The decor is cute, the menu is more casual than it used to be, but still looked interesting. We were seated and served promptly. Because it was early, there were only two other tables seated, so we expected to be in and out quickly.

And then we waited.

And waited. 

Drinks ran dry. Plates were cleaned. And still we waited. 

And waited some more. 

It was a solid hour since our food had been brought and no one even glanced at our table, let alone came over to check if the food was OK, if we needed more drinks, etc. 

Finally, I went up to the bartender and asked if she could please find someone, anyone who could give us our check so we could leave. She ended up doing it. Ten minutes AFTER that, our waiter came over and cleared the plates without a word. No apology, no attempt at explaining what happened. Just grabbed our plates and the check and walked away. 

The food was fine -- but nothing to write home about. So unless you want mediocre food and an exercise in zen mediation while you ponder the nature of time and the meaning of life, avoid. 

There are much better ways to spend your time and your money  all over this neighborhood.
The food is consistently good here. Nothing super-great or fancy or overly amazing or even that original, but consistently GOOD, all the time. 

All day breakfast, yummy eggs and pancakes, giant giant giant salads that you can, like at all the mg locations, mix and match with whatever you like. And consistently interesting enough specials. 

Also, soup. MMM. Matzo ball soup. MMM. 

And the manager, Renee is the sweetest person in history.
Highlight: Speaking for the brunch menu that we had on Saturday. We ordered the Grilled Chicken Omelette and the Salmon Egg Scramble and Perrogis. Overall: food is heavy just as American brunch is known for, dishes were a little too salty, or too bland, or too oily. Service can get busy so definitely make a reservation in Philly for any brunch interests b/c the lines are insane here. Great spot with scenic views b/c it is right by Rittenhouse Square for those who want easy access to the park and rest of Philly while they are visiting or running errands. They do make excellent muffins, however. Definitely get a 1.80$ muffin to munch on while you are waiting in line or waiting for food. 

Food:
1. Salmon Scramble- smoked salmon is known to be salty- and if you want a salty dish, then you want this one. The first few bites are awesome, but the portion size is large to the point that the last few bites get to be a bit of a struggle bc once the food cools down, without much other seasoning (there are capers and pepper in this), you really are eating a salty salmon-y scramble. Comes with potato wedges to dip in ketchup. 
2. Grilled chicken omellete with broccoli- I thought this dish was the opposite- it was quite bland. I think they could have flavored this dish more with more herbs/dimensions/salt. If you're someone super health conscious and want something with almost no salt and more fiber and less butter/oil then order this dish. 
3. Perrogi- these, I learned were dumplings that are fried with mashed potatoes inside. This place has theirs with cheddar-if you want a very heavy dish that is alittle bland in terms of texture variety, potatoey, and filling- then this is your go to comfort food! 
4. Muffins: the corn muffin is EXCELLENT. they have blueberry and chocolate chip as the other 2 options, but you really want this corn muffin. 6/5 anyday 

Service: Call and make reservations. Philly brunch scene on weekends is insane- can wait up to 1 hr for many places.
I remember going to Marathon On The Square many years ago when it first opened but I forgot how AMAZING the food was until my recent visit!!! The food is not only amazeballs and the portions are very large, they run the restaurant like a master clocksmith keeps Big Ben on time!!! I really love this restaurant! The staff seems to be constantly in motion with no time to stand around and do nothing. For the past couple of weeks I have found myself sitting at the bar/counter to avoid the packed restaurant during brunch hours getting to know the many customers who frequent the restaurant. The prices generally run $10.00 to $11.50 which I think is pretty reasonable considering the large portions! If you decide to do brunch, you have got to order the "Banana Bread French Toast" which is more like a desert than a breakfast! It's my new favorite!!! If you decide to pull up to the bar..... Ask for Jason and tell him Christian sent you!!!!
Cute location, but the entire daytime wait staff could use some retraining. (Sometimes you can't retrain "Rude and Oblivious AF") I sat waiting to order as the majority of aforementioned staff sat idle. I thought, "perhaps it appears that I'm not waiting for them and that I'm just engrossed in my phone" ... so then, I put my phone down and assumed my most Performative "ready to order face". Two of the idle staff began a private conversation about preferred afterwork hang out spots. They walked away oblivious to my need to order. 

A man walked in and sat down. One of the ones who had been conversing in front of me goes and begins helping the new person. I still sat waiting with my ready to order face. 

Since I began my meal, no one has asked me if I needed anything or if the food was to my liking.  (The person who took my order came back and stood in front of me and then proceeded to engage their coworker in conversation about another patron) 

Positives: the person who brought my food was polite. The food tastes good. It came out fast. Back of the house is on point. 

I will never come here again. Perhaps that was the intention behind the poor service I received.
Had lunch/brunch on a Saturday and we enjoyed it immensely.  Cheese steaks were hot and fresh, the special bacon grilled cheese sandwich was so good--crispy and melty. I had the Dark and Stormy cocktail and it hit the spot, equallt relaxing and refreshing. The coffee was perfect.
Marathon is great because it's pretty consistent and there is something for everyone on the menu.  
- Cheesesteak wontons are fantastic-- definitely a favorite
- Turkey Burger is good-- the burger itself isn't anything spectacular but I love the fig jam, apples, and smoked gouda!

Can't wait for the rad outdoor seating to be back!
I liked eating here though I didn't actually enjoy my meal. The eggs Benedict's holladaise sauce was just not quite on the mark, the potatoes were equally eh. Coffee was tasty. We all shared an order of the chocolate chip cookie dough pancakes...which were...well...surprisingly, creepily satisfying...gluttony.

Seriously though, the eggs benedict looked great but tasted forgettable.
The salmon burger was a bit dry for my taste. The "Marathons" used to be my favorite restaurants in Philly, but they have fallen off considerably. The last time my bf and I went to this location, the place was completely empty except for us. I think it was 8:00 on a Friday or Saturday, so that was strange.

I prefer Marathon for breakfast/brunch. They get a little lazy with their lunch and dinner.
What drew me to Marathon was the fact you can control how healthy your meals are. Your burger options range from lean salmon to fatty beef. Likewise you can choose to have your burger with salad or fries. 

I ended up trying the turkey burger with a side of Caesar salad. Flavor wise, the burger  was well balanced with turkey, apples, gouda, and dijon mustard. Although the  menu said the patty would be topped with bacon I was not fortunate enough to receive any. The accompanying Caesar salad was poorly dressed and therefore bland. 

Keeping with my healthy theme, I washed my salad down with a green smoothie. The smoothie was almost dessert like in that you couldn't tell there was any spinach in it due to the frozen yogurt base. I personally prefer having a slightly raw taste in my green drinks; however, I appreciated this approachable take on a healthy item. 

All in all, I enjoyed my meal at Marathon. Although my burger was missing bacon and my Caesar salad was bland, I still left satisfied. I will definitely return.
DOG FRIENDLY! We came here to sit outdoors because my friend had her dog with her. The host was very accommodating and we were seated right away on a Sunday at 12:30 without a reservation. The menu had a lot of different options, including some specials which made it tough to decide what I wanted! I ended up getting the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich which came with homefries. It was a pretty standard sandwich. Others in my party got the turkey burger and veggie burger which both looked fantastic, and paired with fresh salads. You can't beat the location and prices either.
Stopped in midday for a drink on a hot afternoon. The whole place was quiet and empty.  After all it was around 2ish on a Tuesday. The specials board was done up with chalk and looked very arty. The bar was clean and the bartender regaled me with stories on how she was on a reality TV show a few years ago. All in all, it was alright, I can't  attest to their food quality or service since I did not order anything, but for a quick stop to grab a couple beers, it worked out well.
Absolutely fantastic management and team with great prices and solid food.  We had a table of 20+ and the manager was able to seat us all, even with last minute additions.  Everyone was happy with the food, especially the Marathon burgers and the turkey platters.  The veggie burger was a hit as well.  If you are in the mood for the 1/2 rotisserie chicken, get here early as they ran out by 8 pm tonight.  The service was great and it's a good option for a group dinner.
I think this place deserves its 3 star rating. It's average. I've come here a few times now for brunch and happy hour, and it's a solid choice. I love it in the summer when they have tables outside on 19th street. For brunch, they never seem to have a terrible wait. I think the longest I've waited was 20 min. They have a good amount of lunch options on the brunch menu, which I like. The salmon burger is pretty good, and I love that you can sub a salad for fries on the side for no extra charge. 

Their happy hour menu is pretty weak. 3 beers for $3, but the Yards was the only decent choice the other day (no thanks, tasteless domestic drafts). They also have $5 cocktails, but the margarita I had the other day was a little too tart for my liking. And the only food they offer are the cheesesteak wontons and fried calamari appetizers, each $5.
I've been to Marathon on the square many times over the years. I used to live close by and go during movie nights. I don't live close anymore so it had been many years between visits. I was excited to go back for lunch twice recently to see if it was still as good as it used to be. I started one lunch with the cheesesteak wantons. The wantons themselves were good but the sauce had too much of a kick for my tastes. My entree was my old standby, the meatloaf. It comes in 2 circular pieces now, with mashed potatoes and spinach. It was as delicious as I remember it. I'm not a person that likes veggies, but the spinach was surprisingly tasty. I cleaned my plate. At another lunch I had the Marathon burger. It comes topped with Vermont cheddar cheese and bacon. It's a great burger that was cooked a perfect medium. It wasn't quite juicy enough to compete with the very best burgers in the city, but it's certainly a burger I could order again and again.

For dessert I've had both the lemon cake and the apple pie, with vanilla ice cream. The lemon cake was awesome. It was right up there with the top bakery lemon cakes. The apple pie comes topped with whipped cream and it's delicious. The desserts here are better than what you get at most restaurants. But the ice cream was disappointing both times. I can't put my finger on it but something is off with their vanilla ice cream.

This Marathon is a rare thing in Rittenhouse Square. A welcoming reasonably priced restaurant that still gives you great service and high quality food. I do work close by and Marathon on the Square will become a regular part of my lunch rotation.
On the surface this is the 'basic b*tch' of eateries. Mainly because it's where they all go, but also because of the menu and strictly Center City locations. Pretty and hip enough to be 'in', but really no originality. 

If you go, you'll find that the food is actually quite good and is locally sourced. The service is attentive. Menu not as expensive as its locations would imply. Overall a good experience. 

If you don't know what you want to eat, they'll have something that will suit everyone in your group. And it'll be good more times than not.
I like this Marathon... it's cozy and candle-lit and just right if you want to sit down to a good meal without paying fine dining prices. We started out Sunday night with a plan to celebrate my kid turning twenty with her favorite food...a good ole fashioned burger. I was pointed towards Lucky's Last Chance by fellow helpers in yelp talk ( thanks yelpers!) so we headed to Queen Village. The Eagles were playing but somehow, through sifting through info I thought Lucky's  didn't have a TV. Welp, I was wrong. The TV was fired up in Lucky's and so was the crowd and there was no room in sight for our party of seven. We called Marathon on the Square and they said they could seat us...and seat us they did. They even had the game on at the bar but the crowd was low key and the people at our table that were trying to pretend they weren't disappointed about missing the game to celebrate my kid got the best of both worlds! We ordered up chicken tacos (nice crunch with the cole slaw), lots of burgers (cooked just right, flavored well and delicious french fries) and a few types of salads. The food was good, the service was good and my kid was happy. This is a sweet spot in a great location. (PS I'm still interested in trying Lucky's. Just gotta make sure the Eagles aren't playing in the playoffs )
Thinking of a quick beer and fries at a great restaurant?   Considering marathon on Spruce?  Think again

Kinda cool outside and a little damp.    Thought it would be great to have a beer and fries while walking my pooch.   

After gaining attention of someone inside I asked if my pup and I could sit outside      As no one was sitting outside, there was no problem finding a seat

Problem?

After sitting at a table with a menu for 10 minutes i realized they completely forgot me and my pup.   Actually had to call them on the cell to remind them we were there

Food server finally arrived.    Ordered my beer and fries

10 minutes later beer arrived

Problem?

No fries

Called again to remind them we were outside

Fries came 5-10 minutes later.    As I had no napkin, fork knife etc, I asked for them and was told they would bring it right out?!?

Guess what.... they forgot again

Called  them to, once again, we were still outside

5 minutes later ... I caught a Marathon worker as they walked by and asked them for the napkin, salt, pepper etc.   

Fries were fragments (looked to be leftovers - see photo) and service was absolutely non existent

The thought of Marathon Grill on Spruce is so much better than the reality (at least on Spruce).  

Just sayin

Don't help perpetuate horrid food and service by rewarding bad behavior.

 Go somewhere else
Despite being so close to where we live, Marathon Grill went unreasonably unnoticed by us until more recently. We went once about a year ago when an out of town guest wanted to have a cheese steak. We opted to avoid the trite options of Pat's, Geno's or Jim's and decided to keep things closer to home and try Marathon's take. We really enjoyed the grass-fed beef, the onions and peppers, and their own cheese sauce. I've spent most of my life trying to avoid food that involves the word "whiz," so I appreciated this homemade touch.

Although we really enjoyed our lunch there, we didn't go back for several months. Our visits since have all been for brunch and we had success with those meals as well. We've enjoyed options from the menu like their whole wheat banana almond pancakes and their breakfast quesadilla. We've also liked some of their specials, such as their pumpkin pancakes and their breakfast burrito.

If we were in the mood for a boozy brunch, we've taken advantage of their beer list specializing in local beers like Yards, Troegs, Sly Fox and Victory.

Since moving to Philadelphia, we're grown to appreciate how many of our meals originate locally, so we love that Marathon has their own farm and attempts to get whatever they don't grow from other local farms.
I've been to every single Marathon and this might be my favorite. Helps that there is a full bar. And cozy outdoor seating as well as a corner spot which allows for lots of indoor window seats. I was there for brunch with a friend...I ordered the lox and bagel platter and she got some kale quinoa shit that I would never have gotten. Great service. They do a good job there's a reason why there's four of them in the city and they been around for so long!
I lived around the corner for a couple of years and was a regular customer, although it has lowered my enjoyment of the regular Marathon Grill spots thanks to its ever so slightly different (and superior) menu.

Everything I have had is good, with special nods to the matzo ball soup, turkey salad, and gigantic enough for two chicken breast. 

the brunch is excellent, and apparently there are good happy hour deals though Ive never really been there for drinks. 

beat the table squeeze by ordering takeout, perfect for sitting in the park
I'm a lover of Marathon. Have been since I moved to Philadelphia.

I made my first visit to this particular Marathon on a Thursday slightly before noon (we were hungry!). They have cozy outdoor seating and the atmosphere is breezy and light, inside or out, in the warmer months. This is probably my new favorite Marathon location.

My mother enjoyed the Center City sandwich and I had one of my Marathon favorites, the 'Old School' Chicken Salad sandwich. This has whole grain mustard. Enough said. The service was quick and attentive. 

Didn't quite expect local beer (a Victory Summer Love) to be $6, but that's okay.

You can always count on Marathon to please - whether you're doing brunch, lunch, dinner, with old friends, family, or out-of-towners. It's savvy, simple, and delightful.
We waited for more than 10 minutes after being seated and never had a waiter or waitress come to our table. No problem, sometimes there is confusion, so we flagged down a member of the staff and asked if we could order. He brought us water and told a waitress that we were waiting. She continued to serve the tables around us and ignored us. Meanwhile it wasn't busy at all, the place was about half full. We had to get up and walk out. If the service was that bad before ordering, I can't imagine how long it would have taken to get our meal.
Such a disappointment.

I've eaten at the Marathon at 40th and Walnut a few times (always good food and service, though a bit overpriced) and was expecting a similar experience here.  Unfortunately, I am not even able to review the food because the service was so awful that my guests and I left before we even ordered.  

We were seated right away and provided menus; on a Saturday evening the place was surprisingly empty (including the outside seating, I'd say it was 1/4 full).   Despite the relatively few tables, my guests and I waited over 8 minutes just for our water - and we only got that after we flagged down a waiter who was refilling another table's glasses.  Having already neatly filed our menus away (clearly sending the message of "we're ready to order") we waited another 5-10 minutes without service, although we did notice the speed in which unused tables were being set and readied.  Again, we flagged down someone (this time the host) and said we have been waiting over 15 minutes and no one's come to take our order.  He apologized and quickly took drink orders.  Our drinks were quickly served (just 1 diet coke & 1 iced tea) by someone we believe was a manager (compared to the wait staff/hosts, she was dressed in more 'business' attire: suit jacket, etc).  We thanked her for the drinks and again mentioned that we were still waiting to order.  Again, another apology and a promise that someone would be right with us.  

Once we were nearly done our drinks and had STILL not given our order, we decided to leave.  When I asked for the check, explaining that we just wanted to pay for our drinks and leave because of the poor service, they apologized again and said the drinks (1 diet coke, 1 iced tea) would be on the house.  

The phrase "it's the least they could do" seems beyond appropriate.
Loved brunch here! Zagat has it rated well for a reason. Everything was delish and well worth the 15" wait. Can't wait to go back and also check out dinner -- wonderful that they do take out & delivery!
I came here with my mom for breakfast on a Saturday morning. We didn't have to wait at all and it was almost 10am. The waitress was very friendly and super attentive to us. I got the fried grilled cheese which was basically a breakfast sandwich but it was delicious. My mom got an omelet that she enjoyed a lot too. 

Overall I will def be back for another meal.
The best way to describe this place is consistently mediocre. Like it's never that great, but it's always passable. Given this description, you might be surprised that I come here regularly. When you're craving a solid salad or - in my S/O's case - a chicken parm, Marathon is here for you. What works in Marathon's favor is its price. It's a tad cheaper than other restaurants with prices hovering somewhere in-between fast casual and proper dine in, which is honestly necessary or else I probably wouldn't frequent this place. You will leave satisfyingly underwhelmed.
I've eaten lunch at MOTS at least 100 times, and had dinner there a bunch. It's a very good restaurant (I've tried most things.) A few of my lunch faves: The grilled Cubano sandwich, spicy chicken quesidilla, and the Center City salad.

They also have great service. They are very, very attentive and greet us when we arrive. It's one of my real faves in the city.
Decided to go for a nice brunch on this pretty Sunday. I've walked passed this place a few times, each time it's filled with people; plus there's nice outdoor seating. Inside was warm, inviting, televisions hanging, and jam packed with people. There was a 15 min wait at 1:00pm when I arrived, so I opted to sit outside. Problem is, they barely paid us attention with how busy it was on the inside. Our waitress was no where to be seen a few times. BUT the food was good. I got the Moroccan Salmon Salad- and I would definitely get it again in a heartbeat. Totally recommend giving it a chance.
very good meal with lots of options to please everyone. friendly service. Good veggie burgers with sweet potato fries, salads, cheesesteaks, chicken, mac and cheese. Good happy hour $3 beer specials.
The burger was great and I'm not even a big meat fan. I asked for medium rare and they didn't burn it. The salads are tasty, breakfasts too.

The wait staff is friendly and the African bread man is nice to look at. 

I go to this place because it is close to my job and not as busy as the other Marathon restaurants. It's fairly priced, clean, and you can eat outside if you like. 

This place is just an American-cuisine spot that is not too showy yet is still part of a chain--so don't expect the most fantastic experience of your life. But it's a good place to come to for breakfast, lunch, brunch, dinner, and even come with a bar. Right in your neighborhood...if you live in Rittenhouse, that is.
I am obsessed with this place.  Every time I get the Moroccan salmon salad and french fries as an appetizer and it's delicious.  The service can be a little off when they are busy, but usually they are very friendly and I love the indoor/outdoor feel.
The worst service, overpriced food, loud room with terrible acoustics, rude management. I will never go to Marathon again. 

I'd been to the various Marathon locations multiple times over the last couple of years, and always thought it was okay. No more. My experience here this summer has made me decide never to return. 

I ordered the steak frites medium rare and received it very over cooked. When I asked to have it replaced, not only was I given a hard time by my waiter, but when I was told that the manager would speak with me, he never came over. Later I approached him to ask what was going on as I waited another 45 minutes for my meal, and he was aware of the situation but entirely unapologetic. 

Never again.
We're not sure what happened to this restaurant, but we were there today and had to leave. In the past we've had a good experience here, but what is it? Management? Or mismanagement? An empty restaurant, 15 minutes later, we didn't even have water, I guess the manager and staff were taking a break.
I used to eat here five days a week. Really. For years... and I wasn't sick of it. The servers knew what I wanted without asking (even special requests). They brought my soda to the table the first time they came. Again, the just knew. The food always came quickly and it was always right... and always good. MOTS is a block from my office and I could reliably get in and out in less than an hour. It was predictable.

One day during the summer everything changed. Everything was still reliable. Reliably unpredictable. Sometimes I wait for 10-15 minutes just for a soda and the opportunity to order. More than once, I waited for an hour for lunch (a salad). Sometimes it took 10-15 minutes to get my check. Soup was cold. Food was wrong. I stopped going. Every so often I go back... just to see if maybe things are better. No luck yet. 

I can walk 5 blocks further, have lunch nearly anywhere else, and be back in the office more quickly. Every so often I want one of my old favorites on the MOTS menu. So... I try it again. It just hasn't been totally right since. I still really like the Center City Salad... and the Vegetarian Chili... but it's not the same. Disappointing.
Went here for breakfast after the gym today.  This location is super loud but I feel like marathon is a good little chain that I can appreciate.  They have their own marathon farm in brewery town which seems cool and anytime I've been here the staff has been excellent. 

Note the tofu scramble has butter unless you ask for it I be vegan 

I really appreciate all the vegan options at such a classically typical establishment.
I have tried every Marathon location many times and Marathon on the Square is consistently better than the rest. 

Better selection than the other Marathons, the food is always hot  (when it's supposed to be) and fresh, waitstaff always accommodating of special requests. The ambiance is much nicer too. Just be sure you don't get seated too close to either the front door or the air conditioning vent! 

I have eaten here hundreds of times over the years and have enjoyed virtually every meal. It is also the "go to" place when out-of-towners visit. Repeat visitors always ask to go back. There are a number of long-time waitstaff, but every so often a new waiter pops up.  Also don't judge the food by how well it keeps when carrying out or getting delivery. Definitely an excellent choice for brunch, lunch, and dinner!

The pros: varied and tasty menu, breakfast avail all day, doesn't break the bank

The cons:  can get pretty packed for sat and sun brunch
Whenever I want to break the monotony of my dining experiences the atmosphere of this location is always the ticket. Only because of where this restaurant is located does on feel like it is upscale or ritzy but it isn't - At All.

 This location can get pretty busy as well as the other two location and with the route 17 bus and other cars going by it can seem similar to the 16th St. location but that's fine.

The day I was here, it was a beautiful, sunny day which is when I prefer to go here because its always busy in and out.

 I ordered my favorite, Banana pancakes with bacon and a tall glass of milk. This always hits the spot and I like the carbs it gives me to go use up after several hours prior to a working out.
The servers here are very pleasant and attentive. At least when I'm there they, are. 

Not all of the staff have gotten the memo to be kind, pleasant and attentive however but I think they have their picks on who to be this required way with or not but it should be across the board that they show professional courtesy to everyone that comes through those glass doors.
What happened here?  I live a couple of blocks away and dine here at least once a week.  The service has been going downhill over the last year.  Do they even care anymore?  I was in for lunch on Thursday and sat at the bar.  I had to ask for a menu, ask to place my order and point out to them my food was sitting under the heat lamp before anyone brought it to me.  Mind you there were 3 employees standing right in front of it talking paying no attention.  Also, I find it tacky when their manager is taking phone orders and every time she hung up made comments about the individual she spoke with.
Solid dining experience. Plenty of tables available at 10am on a Saturday. Brunch, I had a Marathon Burger while dining partner has Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough pancakes. Priced right, service was solid. Excited to come back for drinks and sit outside when the weather gets nice.
Lousy.  Have been passing this place for months, finally gave it a shot.  A completely mediocre brunch.  Worse than most diners I've been in.  Potatoes cold. Pancakes dense and cakey. Crappy maple flavored table syrup.  Greasy fatty bacon as thin as paper. Everything was pretty much the quality you'd get at a crummy hotel breakfast.

So I began to wonder why the food was so bad.  Then I realized there were as many wait staff present as patrons.  And that perhaps the reason the owner isn't investing in better food is because he or she is paying a large staff to stand around.

Whatever the reason, I won't be back.  Not alone.  Not with friends.  Not ever.
oh marathon. i eat here fairly often as it's 1) open late; 2) close to my place; and 3) one of the few places to get soup. 

and yet... the food is mediocre on average. some things are really good -- the soups, the burger is pretty solid, the cobb. but where marathon fails, it fails hard. things like the calamari, which attempts to be upscale when it should just be good, and the southwest salad, which i can honestly say was one of the worst salads i've ever had. 

mots bills itself as organic and farm-fresh and all that, but it should really ditch the gimmick in favor of better tasting end product.
This place is an all around solid and great restaurant. Great location, nice ambiance, modern decor, good vibe, outdoor seating. The food is delicious and consistent and very fairly priced. The cocktails are some of the best in town although they are a little on the small side. My wife loves the "adult milkshakes."

Tonight, I had the chicken noodle soup which was obviously homemade but nothing too special and the chicken quesadillas which were really good. My wife LOVED her Moroccan Salmon Salad! The salmon was perfectly cooked and had a delicious cinnamon rub. She switched out the greens for kale and was very pleased. 

I've had burgers here before as well as some of their specials and was always satisfied.  

Definitely recommend this place for solid, delicious, fairly priced (if a little unimagined) food.
My favorite Marathon Grill. This is my go to for take out when I don't feel like cooking and my go to for brunch when I don't feel like thinking. I've eaten dozens of things on the menu, never have I had a bad experience. I love the decor of this location and the relaxed atmosphere. Some favorites are the breakfast items, the turkey club, the burger (get ready to not move for hours), and many of the salads.
Overall a very pleasant experience.

We went for brunch and I got the ham and pepper omelette which was cheesy, flavorful, and cooked perfectly. My fiance got the marathon breakfast with the banana pancakes. The pancakes had a little crisp to them which we found very nice.

The service was good, the coffee was fresh, and the price was great. Great option for brunch. I look forward to trying lunch and dinner.

Edit 04/07/14 - I am giving this place an extra star. I've been here several times now for lunch and dinner and its always great. I highly recommend the Moroccan meatballs, meatloaf, turkey burger, and chicken pot pie.
I give this place 3 stars, at best. It has a great location, but that is by far the best part. The food is decent, I'd recommend breakfast or the lunch and dinner specials. Prices are reasonable for the portions and quality considering the area. My continued gripe for the 4 years I've lived here is the service. So bad. Sometimes rude. I almost think they try to hire less experienced servers. They don't refill water, they don't own up to their mistakes, and the hostesses always seat me and my guest in the most annoying small area, even when it's not full. The front could use a lesson in customer service.
I've been to other Marathons at some point, and have experienced everything from good to awesome. My boyfriend and I were wandering around on Sunday and decided to pop into this particular one for brunch. We were immediately seated outside and moments later greeted by a friendly server who brought us coffee and took our order. Boyfriend ordered some fancy french toast. I ordered a basic breakfast of eggs, bacon, homefries, and toast.

If you think it's impossible to mess up a basic breakfast, let me introduce you to Marathon on the Square. What came to me was a pile of firmly-cooked scrambled eggs in a puddle of grease, a couple of pieces of potato in a pool of grease, and a few pieces of soggy bacon in a pond of grease. If the sun were brightly shining, I'm pretty sure I would have been blinded by glare.

I'm not exactly a picky diner, and I can count on one hand how many times I've sent something back to the kitchen. I grew up in Jersey diners, so I've had my share of greasy breakfasts. This mess was just inedible.

Our server offered to bring me a new plate of food, but I just requested it be taken away and off the bill. He did both, though offered no apology - it wasn't his fault, but it would have been a nice touch. I will not be back to this Marathon.
Marathon does free deliveries on grub hub now!!! 

Fast service.

Same old food...but if you're in a pinch for a burger/sandwich/salad it's nice.

The smoothies are great! Love the mixed berry with honey!
I like that I can count on Marathon for a good salad and a plate o' hummus when that's exactly what I'm craving (which is fairly often). I'll be honest--I haven't strayed far from their salad menu, (aptly dubbed the control freak menu), which lets you pick the lettuce, toppings, and dressing you want. It's dependable and decent--not particularly interesting--but certainly a good place to go with a group, when you're trying to please many different palates. Do beware, that if you order bread just to munch on, or ask for extra pita with your hummus plate, you will be charged!
I decided to treat myself to a nice meal and I'm so glad I chose Marathon on the Square.

The ambiance is great.  Non-pretentious chandeliers, mood lighting, and I was able to sit at the table by the window so I could people (and dog) watch.  Good start!

The elderflower collins was a fantastic drink, and I chose to ignore the price tag, because I was feeling fancy.  I had two ;) big spender, I know.  They were just so good.

I also ordered the vegetable capellini, which was full of asparagus, tomatoes, mushrooms, spinach, and garlic.  It was a good amount of food and I was very happy with it.  A wanton chocolate chip made its way onto my plate, so that was quite strange, but the server and I had a laugh about it. 

Overall, a great experience, and I will certainly be back soon!
Had a fantastic brunch here with three friends.  We showed up at 10am without a reservation, so seating was not a problem.  As a DC resident, I found the prices shockingly reasonable, especially the generous portions and delicious food.  I enjoyed the vegetable quiche, which was mainly cheese (mmm...cheese), so basically it was the best quiche ever (seriously, great texture, vegetables were well incorporated, just delicious). One friend got the burger, which came with some of the best sweet potato fries I've ever had.  Overall, fantastic food for a reasonable price!
I was a little wary about trying this place due to some of the bad reviews on here. We decided to take a chance on it anyway on a busy Saturday morning in March.

We were seated immediately, and greeted by our very pleasant server just a minute or two later. Our mimosas came to the table fast and so did our food. The food was delicious! I created my own omelet with fresh mozzarella, bacon, and asparagus. My boyfriend got the banana bread French toast and my friend got the loaded grilled cheese. We all loved our meals, the service, and definitely the mimosas.

The prices are also really fair for the city, particularly for this area that is just a few minutes walk from Rittenhouse Square. It was only $25pp with one meal and two drinks each. Very reasonable.

I will certainly be back!
Marathon is a decent neighborhood spot offering standard breakfast and lunch fare at moderate prices. There is nothing that blows me away about their food, or anything else for that matter, but also nothing that stops me from coming back when I'm in the mood for a sandwich and a beer, or brunch when I don't feel like waiting in forever-long lines elsewhere in the city. 

This Marathon location is always pretty busy during brunch, but never such that you will be waiting for longer than 10-15 minutes in my experiences.

The service is decent, relatively quick seeing as how busy they usually are, and mostly friendly. Haven't really had a bad experience with service here.

Food is mediocre. Nothing I'm raving about, really, exception being the matzoh ball soup. They do a build your own salad for the control freaks out there. Their breakfast menu is pretty decent and you'll get a large portion. Prices, eh... kinda expensive for the quality of food you're getting, but it is center city. It's not outrageous. Only bug complain on price is for their drinks. A mimosa should never cost $7 at a place like this unless they are using real/good Champagne. They're not.
Bad experience! Came in after Christmas shopping and was pretty hungry. Service was very slow and by the time food arrived I didn't get what I ordered. Had to wait until almost closing time (10pm) to finally eat some dinner. Overall not impressed with any aspect of the dining experience. The food wasn't bad but nothing to rave about and the server was nice but not very good.
Marathon is a great place for a casual meal with friends. Great smoothies and muffins in the morning! Love enjoying a good chicken noodle soup under the heaters outside.
This should be a 3.5 star review because it's better than a three but less than a four. Listen my lady friend and I ordered delivery from this place last night because we were hungry. I was so tired I could barely sit up to eat. It's the truth. Anyway, the Caesar salad wasn't really worth sitting up for and the marathon burger was slippery but cooked well. What I mean is I ordered medium rare and they did a well job in cooking it medium rare. Am I helping here? You'll want to find out about this place for yourself so go there to eat or drink a beverage. Well you can't "eat" a beverage. Can you? I don't know, I'm not you.
I went here Saturday night and was very pleasantly surprised. My last Marathon experience was over a year ago at the location on 16th (or 17th) and Sansom...and it was awful!

I ordered gazpacho, which was very refreshing and flavorful and the chicken breast for dinner. The chicken was amazing. It was bone-in and had perfectly crunchy skin. It was served over polenta, and surrounding the polenta was a sort of chicken gravy with more chicken pieces (I think dark meat) and lima beans. This may not sound that appetizing, but it was absolutely delicious. I have renewed faith in Marathon, at least that location.

I did see that someone had an experience with a rude waiter, but the waiter I had was awesome. Very attentive and checked on us multiple times to make sure everything was okay.

A good experience all around.
This place is great!  I come here somewhat frequently depending on my craving for breakfast.  My boyfriend and I arrived on Saturday AM around noon and sat right down.  We were given a cup of hot, strong coffee and mulled over the menu.  We ended up splitting a chocolate chip cookie dough pancake.  He got the swiss and spinach omelette, and I got the breakfast quesedilla.  Everything thru and thru was delicious.  The food came out quick, hot, and with everything we need.  I would have liked to see a bit more cookie dough presence in the pancakes, but maybe that's my inner child that just wants to eat cookies for breakfast.  The quesedilla was also amazing.  I love that they don't skimp on the cheese!  Service was generally good.  I reached the bottom of my cup of coffee a few times, but generally, i found the service enjoyable.

The only strange thing was when i asked for a to-go box, i was brought a tiny little thing.  I had to literally squish 2 pieces of quesedilla and potatos in there... and cram the box closed.  I heated them up this morning in the toaster oven though and man were they good!
The service was slow and bad. Our waitress, Francesca, was also rude. 

She took 15 minutes to bring our drinks. I asked for the dressing on my salad (thought this would make it easier than on the side) and ended up with no dressing on the salad. I had to eat half of the salad without dressing because she didn't come back to the table for so long. When she did, I asked for the dressing twice before I got it. 

My father-in-law ordered salmon with his salad and it was served without salmon. Francesca rudely told him that was because he ordered it without salmon. 

And, my husband overheard her telling another table that she would be happy when we left. Rude and unprofessional. 

We won't go back.
OK - you need brunch and you're too lazy to make the trek to the place that you really like.  Or, you're starving for a quick and easy dinner and don't feel like going out for an expensive trendy meal.  This is your place.
Cya, Marathon.  We were in for the last time this past Sunday for brunch.  It was a disaster.  Had to flag down a server to place our order.  Tables around us were being delivered incorrect orders.  I sent you an email and you didn't even have the decency to reply to it.  Never again.
Good service.  I'll give them that.  On a Friday night, they got all the food out for our party of 12 at the same time so they get an extra star.  But the food was two stars.  I had the crispy buffalo chicken sandwich, which was neither crispy nor sufficiently buffalo, but was a chicken patty.  I was expecting something like fried chicken on a bun.  Not so.  The flavor wasn't all there either.  My wife's salad was meh.

But there's one guy working there who looks like Charlie from It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia, so it has that going for it.
I really like Marathon on the Square.  It's a fabulous place for lunch or dinner, and they have a nice selection of food and booze.  I came here for lunch in the later afternoon, and it was pretty empty.  I'm not sure what the service would be like if it were more crowded, but we had a very prompt and attentive waitress that seemed like she would be just as good with ten full tables as she was with two.  I had the Marathon Salad, and my friend had the grilled chicken cobb salad.  Both were excellent, and they make all their dressings from scratch, with I think is a huge bonus.  We also had a side of fries, which were delicious.  I had a jasmine tea with my meal, and it was also excellent.  For dessert, we tried their Philadelphia Cheesecake, which was really good.  I think Marathon is a great place to go in Rittenhouse for excellent food at a reasonable price.  I will definitely be returning.
Terrible service, and they changed the menu, which is now a shell of it's former self. What a shame, this place used to be great.
I remember going to Marathon On The Square many years ago when it first opened but I forgot how AMAZING the food was until my recent visit!!! The food is not only amazeballs and the portions are very large, they run the restaurant like a master clocksmith keeps Big Ben on time!!! I really love this restaurant! The staff seems to be constantly in motion with no time to stand around and do nothing. For the past couple of weeks I have found myself sitting at the bar/counter to avoid the packed restaurant during brunch hours getting to know the many customers who frequent the restaurant. The prices generally run $10.00 to $11.50 which I think is pretty reasonable considering the large portions! If you decide to do brunch, you have got to order the "Banana Bread French Toast" which is more like a desert than a breakfast! It's my new favorite!!! If you decide to pull up to the bar..... Ask for Jason, he's been there for 13 years and tell him Christian sent you!!!!
Good food, but crazy that their catering van driver is criminally aggressive a block and a half from the restaurant.  Would think they might realize they are trying to kill their own prospective customers.
I would love to be able to write a review but I didn't even get past the hostess.  We asked for a table for 2 on a Sunday night (it was not busy) and she tried to seat us at a small table between several tables so I declined as it was not busy, so after rolling her eyes and getting a cloth to wipe down a booth she just threw the two menus down and walked off.  Ummmm, no thanks, there are too many options in downtown to put up with that! Goodbye!
Food is ok, but wait time can be dreadful and underestimated by servers on weekends.

Nail in coffin was waiting 45 minutes to be seated after being told it would be a short wait. Since we were trying to catch a train, after the delay we had to change our order to "to go". After waiting another 45 minutes for a salad & burger we were finally given the food, apologized to for the delay, and offered a free desert as recompense. We politely declined, as we didn't want to wait another 45 minutes for the "free desert" and miss our train.

Did not enjoy being strung along with the various wait times, and as a result never plan on eating @ marathon again.
I am only in the Rittenhouse Square area on rare occasions so the only reason that I went to marathon on the Square in the first place is that I know a server, Yvonne, who works there. She was at the front to greet me and sat my friend and I at a nice window table looking out on 19th Street. Yvonne gave us time to look over the menu and she made helpful suggestions. My friend ordered the vegetarian chili to start while I had the calamari. The chili looked thick and hearty and was an ample portion for an appetizer. The calamari was not overly fried  and came flecked with a few hot pepper slices which I could have used more of. Yvonne instructed me to ask for extra peppers next time. Still tasty though.
For our entrees my friend ordered the organic meatloaf platter which came with mashed potatoes, wilted spinach, and barbeque sauce. I had the Crispy Chicken Parmesan which was served over capellini with marinara, mozzarella, and parmigiano-reggiano. Some basil in there also. Straight forward simple meals, well executed without being pretentious. Both of us could only eat half of our entrees and got the rest to go. We had no room left for dessert. Maybe another time. 
The meal was fairly paced though the entrees came out while we were still on the first course. So Yvonne had to hold them back for a few minutes. But that is a good problem rather than having the entrees take forever after the appetizers. 
When we left the dining room was only one-third full. Yvonne said that it would be busy and steady later on. So we missed the rush. We left around 12:30pm. 
I would recommend this restaurant because the service was very good, the food was all excellent, and the ambience was nice, especially if you like the oldies music that was playing throughout our stay. A neighborhood institution that performs well and is not going anywhere anytime soon.
I'd give a 3.5 but going four. Went for breakfast and food was good, not great.  Service was good and place is clean. Loved the home fries.french fries not so much.  Turkey BLT was good and bunch quesadilla was good.
Service was slow and not attentive, food was less than par and the beer selection was lacking. Went for a good dinner received an inedible meal half cooked and over seasoned. Not a good meal
The manager Vicki Izzo said she was going to send us a gift card and she never did . I have her email and not only did she not send us a gift card ... She never answered my email when I emailed her to call her on her bad service. Terrible service all the way around . We will never eat here again nor would I recommend it to anyone . They are only interested in the money they. An make off you . If you have a complaint , they do not care and will not honor anything they promise . Just interested in making a buck ! Terrible !
I'll make this short and sweet.

Pros - none
Cons- where to begin
1.  took waitress 15 minutes to get 3 bloody marys because she forgot about them (I saw the look of panic when she looked at our table and was like "oh shit!  they ordered $30.00 of cocktails and all my incompetent ass had to do was ring it in and walk them over and I didn't even remember to do that") ..there were only 2 tables in the restaurant
2.  My server brought out my burger which was well done, I asked for medium rare so I had them remake it.  This was after the fact that it took  25 minutes to make 3 sandwiches one of which was wrong.  These numbers are not good folks.  I  did not get an apology and didn't see server again until next burger was brought out (which i saw sit in the window for about 5 minutes).  It wasn't even the correct burger and there was no side of fries.  I was going to have them remake my second burger but lost my mind and told them to cancel the order.  After the second attempt at a simple cheeseburger I still did not receive an apology from the inept server/ some type of manager come out to say sorry..I employ a bunch of dumb asses.  

Moral of the story:  Never setting foot in there again!
I eat here at least 3 times a week if not more . The food is good and price is reasonable for as much as we eat out.  We had a problem once, when they gave us The Marathon Rewards Card after talking about it and how we save, if we eat there a lot . They did not tell us that we had to go on line and activate it . We went back for another meal and handed the Rewards Card and the waiter said, you have to go on line to activate it but, just bring in your receipts and we can fix it. Next time in , we did just that, and brought our receipts in ,and out came the dreadful manager . He proceeded to tell us that it was too late , and there was nothing he can do, which if you are a manger , you should know how to make a bad situation better. OK, we paid our check and left unhappy, and a bad taste in our mouth about The Marathon. We went in tonight and I ordered a salad with Chicken . It came out and it looked a little light on chicken . The waitress asked how everything was and I was not planning on complaining but, since she asked, I said well it is very good but ,it looks a little light on the Chicken . She offered to take it back and put more Chicken on it.  Out comes the dreadful manager again . I think his name is Corey or Seth  and said he would have to charge me, as there was a whole breast on it.  As if I would lie . In any event , I eat out a lot . I  will  never eat there again , and they should fire Corey or Seth or whatever his name is. Worst manager and does not know how to handle good paying customers. $30.00 x4 is $120.a week . I guess they can afford to lose business. I am going to report him, as I feel very strongly that The Marathon is a great restaurant with good food but, having a bad front runner can kill your business. People need jobs today, and in the restaurant industry, with thousands of places to eat in Rittenhouse Square , you need to be top of your game ! I hope this helps Corey or Seth to realize that he is not invincible and needs to remember the customer is always right.  Why ask ,if you really do not care or want to know how everything is?

Ps ... I called the director of operations , Vicki and she made the experience so much better ! She was friendly courteous , and most important put the business in perspective ! Great experience with her !
I went here with my cousin, she was born and raised in Philly and knew right where to go, when I said I wanted to go for breakfast.  Everyone at the hotel where I was staying raved about Marathon.  I loved the ambiance.  It was a bit awkward when we first walked in, because no one greeted us and we had to chase someone down to put our name on a list for breakfast/brunch.  The wait was short and we were seated at a cute window seat.  The tables were a bit close together, but I was really happy with my meal and our service.  Breakfast is my favorite and I loved the twists on normal fare.  I would definitely come back here again when I visit Philly.  The price was affordable and the food was good, portions were excellent.
Marathon on the square has incredible food. You don't feel sick after eating there and it is always a good choice. Sometimes it's busy, but it's worth the wait. I had a great waiter named Chris, and he brought out the food very quick. He checked back with me often to see how it was but not so often that it was annoying. With a medium price point, this could totally be my new spot.
I come here pretty regularly. I recently ordered take out and it was not great. I got the salmon with ground mustard sauce but they never put any sauce on it so it was just plain salmon with no seasoning. The Asparagus were also subpar. One looked like a bite was already taken out of it. Just little oversight but will make me think twice about getting takeout or at least checking my meal before I leave there.
Terrible food. Terrible service.

I live really close to this location so I always want it to be good and yet I'm disappointed every time I visit. Today I went for brunch with my boyfriend and his waffle was cold, the bananas on top of it looked old, and his bloody Mary was the most disgusting bloody Mary he's ever had so he didn't even drink it. The next time the waitress walked by I commented to my boyfriend, "If your drink is disgusting do you want to send it back?" And the waitress didn't even acknowledge the comment or even provide good customer service that was like-- I heard what you said-- do you want me to get you a new drink? 

Also my water glass was left empty the entire meal until we paid our check and then all of a sudden it was refilled. I couldn't even get the attention of my waitress for 10-15 minutes to ask her to refill the water and the place wasn't even that busy.   If the other waitstaff sees me looking around you would think they would get my waitress or even themselves ask me if they could help me. 

The only reason why this place is still up and running is because it's the only cheap restaurant on this side of the park. I'm just disappointed every time and will definitely not be going back. They definitely hire people without experience which is ok, but only if they put them through a really good training program.
Got the sampler with chicken fingers, calamari, and plain fries (we were waiting on them) and a side of Caesar salad. Everything was good.. chicken fingers were a little dry though. I'd come back here but more so for a casual dinner
Definitely a more casual place but this is my husband and my GO TO. Never been disappointed. Their chicken finger appetizer and Cobb salad are truly the best ever (and I have ordered many cobbs in my day). Brunch, dinner, marathon is the best easy choice.
My friend wanted to come check out Marathon as it is literally down the street from her, and who doesn't want to just walk a short distance for food? 

I was literally starving when we arrived (thanks to the 9+ hour drive to get to Philly in the first place...) and was tempted to eat everything; it all looked so good. But there was an interesting smell in the air, it was barbeque and that's when I noticed the special of BBQ ribs and my decision was made. The meal came with a full rack of ribs and sweet potato fries. I ate everything on my plate; it was all just so good! The fries were perfectly cooked, the ribs were heavily sauced (which I enjoy) but had a great depth of flavor and smokiness. I only wish they had that as a permanent menu item so I could count on it the next time I visit. I also ordered their version of an old fashioned, which came in a martini glass--that's definitely a first for me. Besides being thrown off by the glass, it was good.

Overall, Marathon was a nice dining experience and the service was great; our server and other staff were nice and friendly throughout our meal. I wish I had a chance to try their other dishes (especially breakfast) but hope to return at my next visit.
Solid place if not terribly inspired  cuisine.  The great thing about Marathon is that it is a pretty big dining room and large outdoor area so you can usually get in during busy times.  I went there for brunch on Sunday with a party of three.  No problem.  Friendly and eager wait staff.  I got an order of turkey sausage and blueberry buttermilk pancakes and the rest of my group had omelettes.  They made a couple of substitutions with their orders and that was no problem.  Solid place and good for groups.
Went here for breakfast today (Saturday), arrived early 8:20am and was the only person here. Pretty light volume here at least early, only 2 other tables taken by the time I left. 

Had the bacon, Swiss, and tomato omelet. Very good. The bacon was nice and thick. Came with bread and potatoes, which were good. Nice fresh slabs of butter for the bread. The part that seemed out of place was the cheap 2 cent Kraft jellies for the toast. Given the attention to how everything looked on the plate and the presentation of the butter, a first year culinary student would have put some high end or homemade jam in a small serving dish to go with it to finish the setting. At the very least spend and extra quarter for Knotts Berry farm jam or something similar. Service was very good.
Super tasty sandwhich, decent amount of flavor. Really good sweet potato fries. And v well organized pickup situation with timing etc.
