I can't really say why, but when I'm out of options on where to eat, Marathon Grill seems to be the first thing that comes to mind. Maybe it's the consistent mediocrity or the yelpworthy matzoh ball soup, but either way, whenever I'm there, my expectations wither and indecisiveness swells. Their robust menu always makes my head spin, but I can't complain - the ability to order breakfast all day makes eggs benedict a reasonable option at 10pm. Now that's something.

My roommate's a fan of the chocolate chip/cookie dough pancakes; something she often substitutes for her otherwise ice cream laden dinner. They also offer "control freak" salads - an idea that I think must have stemmed from their West Philly location after all the food-scared Penn girls requested modified meals. I once overheard a fellow student request mustard as her dressing. Ick. 

I have to say though, it's pretty great having that "if all else fails" option, and I give them props for offering such a smorgasbord. Don't expect the best rendition of your favorite meal, but hey, at least it's there when you can't think of anywhere else.
I wasn't expecting much from Marathon Grill and I ended up walking out thinking I just ate the best sandwich ever. Their grilled pressed sandwiches are excellent.

I don't really know how to explain Marathon Grill. Is it diner food? Is it as good as any chain like Cheesecake Factory? They've got a little bit of everything to offer and a whole lot of choices.

I started with a blueberry and honey smoothie. The waitress got confused and asked me if I wanted it non dairy. No way! I love my yogurt. The smoothie was thick and full of blueberry. It was slightly tart. It was nice.

For lunch we got the proscuitto and mozzarella and grilled herb-marinated chicken pressed sandwiches with salad. My sister asked for the salad dressing on the side. They gave her dressing on the side and they gave me no dressing at all. I stared at my lettuce and thought, "It looks naked." No worries, the dressing on the side was plenty for two salads. Yummy simple caesar salads.

As for the sandwiches, the proscuitto and mazzarella is really awesome. It's pressed really flat and toasty. The most amazing part of the sandwich is the fig jam. I found it interesting they also made the sandwich with sourdough bread. It's rare I see sourdough outside of San Francisco. The chicken sandwich was not as great IMO but my sister really enjoyed it. I found the goat cheese too creamy and pungent. We ended up finishing everything.

Marathon Grill is good. The restaurant is pretty dark (navy walls with paint chipping) but it gives off a relaxing vibe. At the time we went, the whole place was chill and the service wasn't in any sort of rush. We got to take our time and enjoy our meal in peace.
Good choice for a casual brunch/lunch, especially when meeting up with friends.

Mac and cheese appetizer is a large portion great for sharing, or to order while you're waiting for the rest of the food.

Turkey club sandwich is too tall to properly eat.  Turkey is dry (although fresh), so be sure to order extra mayo on the side.

Caesar salad has a very weak and slightly acidic dressing, it's not really a traditional version, but it's good.

Omelette's are huge and cooked great.  Feel free to order off menu and make your own special requests.

Pancakes are also huge, we usually order a plate with brunch for the table to share.

The green shake sounds kinda gross (spinach and yogurt...) but it's actually really, really good.  If you're not starting off brunch with this, you should be ordering the bloody mary or mimosa.

The staff is really attentive, the busboys almost too much so as they'll be there to clear your plates as each person finishes.  You almost get the impression that they're rising to get you out the door so they can turn the table, and then you look-up and see the 4 groups of friends and 2 small families pushing strollers waiting for one of the tables to free up.

Come early or come late, but "just after church" is by far their busiest time so be prepared to wait.
Here is my issue with Marathon's delivery service.  There is a 50/50 chance I won't get what I ordered.  And when I call to say I got the wrong item, they never seem apologetic.  

Unfortunately Marathon gets way too much business to take the time to make improvements.  It's a shame because there is a lot of potential, but since most people don't seem to care about the problems they make a lot of money anyway.
This place is crazy. I came here from New York to celebrate my 27th birthday and wanted to have a brunch. We ordered drinks and they denied serving drinks to us due to our ID's. Legitimate ID's with names legible along, UNEXPIRED, and we are all beyond 21. They said they are denying ALL of us as one of us had an older ID (that was still valid and not expired). We are 27 mind you. WE WERE ALSO THE ONLY MINORITIES IN THE RESTAURANT AS WELL. HOW CONVENIENT. NEVER EAT HERE. THEY ARE DISGUSTING HUMAN BEINGS. 

I also called and spoke to the manager who could have easily resolve this situation, and he decided to hang up on me instead. This is a case of racial and age discrimination. I'm so happy he cares so much of how his customers feel.
I was very very very disappointed by my experience here. I was really excited to visit this restaurant because I always passed by it when I'm walking around in the city. When we first entered, I was excited, the place was set up nice... very cool and full of light. 

It took us a few minutes to pick out our entrees and appetizers but the waiter kept coming back promptly even though we told him we need a few moments before we make our decisions. 
We order hummus, a chicken sandwich and a burger. The hummus was so unappetizing, it tasted like canned hummus...no freshness at all. 
I didn't taste the chicken, but my friend wasn't impressed at all. 
My burger was absolutely disgusting. It was burnt, unseasoned, nothing about it made me want to eat it. I have tasted yummier McDonald's one dollar menu. Very disappointed in the food quality.
I appreciate Marathon for its consistently delicious, unpretentious food at a reasonable price point. 

Brunch is awesome and I'd recommend anything from the menu- also don't sleep on the specials! 

Lunch/dinner wise, highlights include:

-Control freak salad: tons of fresh options to build a massive salad for when you're pretty hungry but don't want anything heavy.
-Grilled salmon plate: comes with mashed potatoes & gravy, asparagus and a whole grain honey mustard sauce. I crave this weekly.
-Chicken fingers appetizer: super light on the breading so they don't feel too gluttonous. Four tenders are served with honey mustard, but I prefer em with the avocado ranch.
-Matzoh ball soup: when I'm not super hungry I'll usually get this with a side of mashed potatoes.
-Baked mac: no explanation necessary.
-Green monster smoothie: spinach, apple juice, banana and probiotic yogurt.

If you're in the area and can't decide what you're in the mood for, Marathon is a safe and affordable option.
Breakfast here was so-so, and it did take quite a while for the food to get served to my large party of 13, though it was probably because we had such a large party and we came during Sunday brunch. I tried the huevos rancheros, shiitake mushroom omelette, and the pumpkin pancake, all of which are on their seasonal menu. Omlette didn't feel so special, just the fact that it had shiitake mushroom, and it was quite cheesy! The huevos rancheros definitely felt rather plain, and the tortilla didn't compliment the dish as it should have. The pumpkin pancake had a delicious flavor of pumpkins and cinnamon spice (didn't even need maple syrup!), but was a little more on the wetter side, though it was nice and fluffy! Loved the candied chopped nuts on top of it.
Apparently this is a bit of chain in Philly that has been buying out, and therefore replacing, all the locally owned family diners. A little sad, but not a bad replacement.

We went for breakfast, so I didn't sample any of the beers on tap. But it seemed like most of the selection was local brews with only one of the standard watery American beers. Our waitress was so friendly and wonderful.

The food? Quite delicious. This was the last meal for my group of friends before heading to the airport (and who knows how long you'll be in one of those places), so the large portions, nice variety and comfort-food-with-a-twist was just what the doctor ordered.

The place looked great. The service was superb. The food was scrumptious. If I lived in Philly, this would definitely be a staple.
Marathons in the city of Philadelphia are a thing and this one is very adequate. I was thinking if this were a diner, I would rate a four star. But alas, it's not... so the bathroom matters (it was pretty dirty) , the stuff on the floor matters (trash, bits of food) but the food is definitely decent. I had the crispy sesame chicken salad and it was good. The salads here are always good and they do have breakfast items (a few) that they serve all day. (But see? It's not a diner) I had a cocktail, my kid had two Shirley Temples (she also ordered the pirogies  and said they were good) If you're out late, don't have reservations, want something akin to a diner but isn't a diner, this is a decent place to stop. Serves a good purpose in this city.
Had takeout from Marathon.

Meatloaf was pretty tasty.  Solid.

Turkey plate was hard to eat.  Actually, I didn't want any more after trying a bite.  Turkey was overcooked and dry.  Stuffing was overly salty.  Maybe the turkey didn't travel well for takeout, although overcooked is still overcooked whenever you serve it.

Somewhere between 2 & 3 stars.
As bustling as the streets of Rittenhouse on a Saturday morning, Marathon appears to be a reliable weekend brunch spot. The place was packed but we only had to wait a couple minutes for a table. We were seated by the window for perfect people watching.

Initial impressions on service were so-so but our server turned out to be friendly and quick. We were on a bit of a tight schedule so I appreciated the fact that we could have a nice brunch without waiting around all day.  

Breakfast options are served all day to the best of my knowledge. I stuck with the eggs, bacon, and multi-grain toast for my entree. Sounds basic but I wanted so good energy for the rest of the day. Everything was good and the bacon had a nice sweetness to it. Multi-grain toast was good too. Chris had the Philly Cheesesteak omelette which was good.

After finishing our meal and 2 cups of coffee we were on our way. While I wouldn't call Marathon exciting or unique, it served it's purpose for what we wanted at that time.
I work next door so I am no stranger to this place's food, just their interior.  I've had food delivered and had to pick up food.  Their delivery dudes are quick and pleasant but when I've come to pick stuff up, it's the normal you-are-invisible act that I get so much in Philadelphia.  Okay, I get it, you are awesome, work at a big-shot restaurant, and are busy.  Can I please get my order which is sitting over there in a bag?  Hello?  

As for the food, I suggest the salmon burger.  It's quite good and light.  If you're getting takeout, I do not suggest getting fries as they will be soggy and gross by the time you get them.  

Again, this is a situation where the food is good but the service always gives me pause whether I want to deal with them or just walk down the street to get the equivalent food at Cosi while bypassing a tip.
Pretty good, pretty good! I've heard fairly bad reviews about the location near Jefferson, but this place seemed to have a lot of people, so my husband and I took a chance and ate there.

We ordered the calamari for our appetizer. I wasn't too impressed, as there was a lot of breading than actual calamari. The sauce was good though (can't remember what it was).

My entree was the chicken marsala with parmesan risotto and grilled asparagus. Very yummy! I liked the risotto because it felt like I was eating chicken and rice. =) I wish there were more veggies though.

Overall, I'd come back. Prices are decent, service was good, and it's close to our apartment.
Sometimes I am an adventurous eater. I want something innovative, something different, somewhere trendy. But most of the time, I just want to choose food that tastes good from a menu with reasonable variety and prices. Marathon is my go-to spot for that kind of meal - especially for brunch! 

Offerings at Marathon are pretty basic. You've got burgers, you've got sandwiches, you've got salads. At brunch you've got French toast and eggs Benedict and omelets. Nothing that is going to blow your mind. The food quality is very consistent, I've never received a wrong order, and service has always been helpful and attentive. I particularly like their "create your own" options - make your own salad, your own omelet, your own burger. They've got good variety in toppings so I can always come up with something that fits exactly what my tastebuds are looking for. 

Some people might look down on Marathon and their basic offerings and chain status. I know, I live in a city with great food offerings, why spend my time and money here? Because I don't always need my mind blown, sometimes I just want a brisket sandwich (delish) and a side of French fries, done well, without a side of pretension. Marathon is happy to give that to me, so I am happy to patronize them.
The worst chicken noodle soup ever - didn't think any decent diner can screw this up but they did with gusto!  Watery, lack of flavor - more like bouillon, just diced celery & carrot w/ barely any chicken.  The worst offense is the noodle they used - thin vermicelli?!?  Hubby's breakfast sandwich was decent but the fries appeared to be old and refried.
I was super excited to check this place out!! I loved the menu from the moment I laid eyes on it. Just needed the perfect time to suggest it to others. 

Went for a casual dinner with friends. Per previous tips/reviews I saw that we would not be seated until our entire party was present, I was happy when they seated us despite our 4th friend being late. We ordered drinks and cheese steak won tons which were great.

Our server then ignored us for a bit. Drinks were empty, we had plenty of time to review the menu. 
We eventually ordered food and another round of drinks. The food came out quickly, but unfortunately wasn't all correct. A sandwich that was to have salad had fries, but was easily corrected. 

The food itself was fresh and delicious! Loved my salad. Everyone else loved their sandwiches (especially with the correct side accompaniment). I was full, but not stuffed. Probably could have taken half home for lunch and still been satisfied. When our bill came we accidentally got the tables next to us and they had ours. We swapped, no biggie. 

Overall, I had a mediocre experience. I had high expectations that the service and restaurant itself would match up to their menu. I loved the food but the service and atmosphere were lacking... My friend across the table was getting dripped on by the AC vent and noted that her part of the booth was actually wet the entire time.  If our server could have paid closer attention, I think I would have given another star.
After a long day of moving in the rain, my parents, boyfriend and I were in need of a good (sit down) lunch to warm ourselves up and rest. Marathon happens to be super close to my new place, so we figured we would try it out. There was a brunch crowd/menu since it was 1pm on a Sunday, but we were seated right away nonetheless. Random, but bonus points that they have booth seating. Everyone loves a booth. 

I had the matzo ball soup and a salad with pineapple and tortilla chips. Everything was yummy and came out correctly and on time. My mom enjoyed her salad (it was a special). My boyfriend got a huge bacon and egg omelette and even my dad seemed pleased with his yogurt and granola. He requested extra yogurt and the server was happy to oblige. 

None of our dishes swept us off our feet, but everything was well executed and exactly what we ordered. I was definitely eyeing their special pancakes and I have this place bookmarked as a future brunch location. Marathon seems like a reliable place to get a good meal.
Great if your coming from a party and it's late, other than that nothing sparkling here at best just ok dinner food.
Okay, I admit it!  I've been won over by this Marathon!  I'm more apt to use their delivery or pickup services- especially because I live 2 blocks away!!!  What made me score 5 instead of 4 stars recently are two recent positive experiences- one, I ordered delivery and seriously, no joke, it was at my door within 10-15 minutes, WOW!  Not always that fast but it was late, either way, I was super impressed!  Also, I came in the night of the Super Bowl to get delivery, they didn't mind staying a little late to make me dinner as they were closing up, again, that was really nice!  I feel very fortunate to live 2 blocks away from Marathon!  I often order dinner from them on a weeknight.  I'm totally sold on some of their dinner specials- particularly the Pork Special, Chicken Marsala - other menu faves are the Chicken Parm which you can get grilled, just ask, they have great desserts- I particularly love the Pumpkin Pie when they have it!  Only request to bring back the Riesling white wine!  I prefer this Marathon to the one on the Square.  I really enjoy coming here!  Friendly staff and great food!  Nice homey, friendly restaurant!!
I was craving a salad, but I wanted a specific kind of salad.  A friend recommended we try Marathon.  I saw the menu and found a few salads that looked good.  Then, when we sat down, they handed us the "control freak" menu.  There are a few categories (burgers, salads, etc.).  In the salad section, there is a list of greens, veggies, and various ingredients/toppings/cheeses.  I was able to design the very salad I wanted: mixed greens, grilled veggies, feta cheese.  It was fabulous!  

I went back another day for a hearty, yummy burger.  The fries were fresh-cut potatoes.  

Marathon might become one of my favorite spots in Philly.  I'm a sucker for fresh, well-prepared food.  It need not be fancy.
Why is there not an option to give 0 stars? There should be.

WHY WHY WHY WHY would people come here to spend money? Every time I see this restaurant packed with people, I just wanna go in there & scream "LEAVE before you taste their horrible horrible icky overpriced food!" & then steal their cute little wooden tables/chairs that they have for outdoor seating. I first went here for brunch. I ordered the eggs benedict which wasn't too bad at all until my food started to get colder, I could finally taste how salty it was. Gross.

The second time I came here with my sister, just to grab a couple appetizers to hold our appetites until dinner. The waiter was very friendly & kind. He suggested the vegetarian chili & the artichoke dip. First off, never again get vegetarian chili. Chili is not chili without the beef. Also Marathon, if you would, could you please kindly SEASON your food? The artichoke dip was gross also. Artichokes in ranch dressing? Seriously? Whatever. I could have made a better dip myself.


NEVER ever again. UGH.
I cant really speak on many of the dishes here, but I've had one of them twice now, because that's how tasty it was.

They have a breakfast special called the brunch quesadilla.  Warning - it's a lot of food.  People around me commented on how much I ate of it.  (Not awkward at all!  But I did take a doggy bag home, so that means I'm dainty, right?)

Aside from potatoes with onions and peppers, you get a tortilla filled with scrambled eggs, jack cheese, jalapenos, pico de gallo, black beans, and I said no chorizo but it usually comes with that too.  The jack cheese is a perfect choice with the eggs.  The salsa that comes with it adds just enough spice to make you want to keep eating.  Sometimes the jalapeno is a little overpowering, but I pick a little bit of it out as i go and that tones it down.  I definitely recommend giving it a try!
Marathon Grill is a local chain restaurant, with about 5 locations around the city, but I've only been to the one at 16th and Sansom.  I went with a huge group of friends on a Saturday night after a particularly grueling day, and I really enjoyed myself.  They sat our party without a wait (there were probably about 15 or 16 of us), and we got a long table with a great view of the street.  This place has a modern, clean decor and friendly wait staff.  The food is also really good.  I had a really good burger and a huge, cold pint of beer.

This place also delivers, caters, and hosts parties.  It's also good to just hang out at their bar, and they have happy hour specials on a regular basis.  If you want a cool, contemporary place to eat that's not too expensive, check out Marathon Grill.
5 stars only because it is the ONLY decent spot open past 10pm in this hood.  That, and who doesn't like a "control freak" salad?
I have eaten at Marathon (this location) more times than I care to admit, and I have no earthly idea why I kept coming back.  I used to live and work in the neighborhood, and it is convenient, but looking back, there are SO many other convenient places that (1) serve better food, (2) have better service, or (3) both.

Really, there are two Marathons here, and they each deserve a review.  There is the weekday lunch Marathon and the weekday evening/weekend Marathon.  It's almost as though these restaurants are the alter-ego of one another, and just happen to share space.  Very strange.

During the week and the lunch rush, Marathon is not a bad choice.  They are crowded and rushed, but the food gets out pretty fast (and generally correctly) and the tables turn quickly.  To accommodate the largest number of patrons, they do have tables packed so tightly together that you can literally hear entire conversations from nearby tables, but it can be interesting to occasionally eavesdrop and hear about someone else's dysfunctional life for a change!  Weekday lunch is also when the "A-team" of servers tend to work.  The service is pretty good, despite the apparent chaos throughout the restaurant (I can only imagine working the kitchen line during a weekday lunch shift), and the food is at its peak (which while generally a plus, isn't saying much here).  I quickly learned to stick with basic stuff like sandwiches and soups (the Matzo ball rocks!), because salads (yes, salads) and more complicated entrees get messed up way too frequently.

Then there is the evening shift.  This is where things really come unglued.  If the lunch shift servers are the "A-team," then this is the "D-team."  Most of the servers we have had in the evenings and on weekends seem like they wound up working at Marathon because pumping gas was too complicated.  In the 3 years I lived nearby and ate an occasional dinner at Marathon (apparently I am just lazy), I don't think we ever had a meal where everything was correct in our order and we enjoyed good service.  More often than not, the order was wrong in at least one way (seriously, how do you mess up a Caesar salad?), or the waiter disappeared for 20 minutes, or the temperature in the restaurant was hovering just above meat locker level.  Sandwiches with the wrong meat (yes, really), salads with the wrong dressing, and entirely wrong dishes were delivered with apathy and discourtesy on a routine basis.  On the rare occasion that I was either particularly motivated or so pissed off that I decided to speak with a manager, the line was always the same:  something about the server or kitchen staff being new/undertrained/high/mentally deficient.

And yet we returned.  Again and again.  I think the last straw was when they were changing menus a while ago and diners at our table got different menus and the server tried to explain that neither of the menus was correct but that he would tell us what the kitchen could make that night.  I love a good walking menu at a red gravy Italian joint, but at Marathon it was just too much.

The good:  Matzo ball soup (as good as any New York deli)
The bad: EVERYTHING ELSE
The ugly: see "bad, the"
I made an appearance at this place on a Saturday evening in late 2017 to wet my whistle with a companion prior to having dinner. 

Ambiance is pretty fucking bright. Bar isn't extensive but it's enough. 

We sat down at the bar and were ID'ed. That's fine, it's a hassle but flattering at the same time. I like to relive my youth every now and again. Problem here is that the bartender literally didn't believe my ID... it's from NY so it does that weird bendy thing that makes it hairy which if anything makes it MORE legit. What fake ID does that? The bartender didn't believe me. I'll put it this way: I'm under 30 but I've had at least 1 college reunion. I'm like basically one foot in the door to a Botox clinic. Fucking rude and disrespectful. He actually asked me for another form of ID. Really?

Drink menu was decent. Not the best drinks I've ever had but they did the trick and were good enough.

I can't speak for the food but as usual, I wouldn't mind trying it.

Honestly the bartender was rude. I believe he was rude to me about something else again later. This made the experience less pleasant but it was a perfectly fine place to just sit for a while to pound back the drinks.
Ah Marathon, you never fail to disappoint. We've eaten a few times at the one by Macy's, and mostly had bad experiences, however had never tried this one before.

We actually ended up here unintentionally. It was a Sunday and my fiancé and I wanted to get 500 degrees (some of the best burgers and veggie burgers in the city!), but sadly people in this city seem to have an allergy to working in Sundays as nothing is ever open. So, we saw Marathon next door, and being super hungry and since it was actually open, we figured what the hell...big mistake!

The place is pretty small, but they have a lot of seating due to the fact that they cramp tables so close together you may as well be sitting on someone else's lap. The two of sat right next to a lady who was eating by herself (awkward to begin with), and our tables were literally a foot apart...I could have grabbed the salt off her table if I wanted to.

It was busy in there, so understandable that our waiter was a little slow, but do they not employ more than 3 people?! It seemed like he was waiting at least 10 tables in our area. Took him roughly 10 minutes to come over the first time, and another 10 to bring our drinks (2 glasses of lemon water). Pretty ridiculous, and considerably worse since we were both really hungry...After bringing our water, he took our order, but didn't write anything down so that should have been a sign of trouble right there. Anyhow, I ordered the soup of the day, chicken tortilla, an iced tea, and the cheesesteak. I also requested mushrooms on the cheesesteak, meanwhile my fiancé just ordered the veggie burger.

About 20 minutes went by, and nothing was coming out, not even my soup or iced tea. From my vantage point, I could see the kitchen and it was obvious that the soup was all ready to go in a big pot that they just had to scoop out. Finally, I flagged the waiter down and said, "you know, I wanted that soup as an appetizer, not with my entree". He muttered something, then went right over and scooped some out into a bowl for me...it was that simple! Pathetic.

Not a minute had gone by when a different person came by with our sandwiches. At this point I was pretty pissed and said, "I told our waiter I wanted my soup as an appetizer. I literally just got the soup and now this is coming out." The girl seemed put off, but said she could leave it under the heat lamps until we're ready. I was feeling really bad for my fiancé, so I gobbled down the over-salted soup and told our waiter our food was sitting there ready for us. He brought it over, and my fiancé was of course happy, but I was still kind of pissed. To add to my anger, there were of course no mushrooms! The sandwich was crap with or without the shrooms, and it was at this point I decided we're leaving a crappy tip.

For those not keeping track, I had also ordered an iced tea, but didn't mention it because it never actually came (of course it still showed up on the bill and we had to tell him to remove it..."oh sorry guys, it's been a long day". Yeah, well its about to get longer since your getting jipped on your tip!) I mean seriously, do they hire the biggest dumb@$$es off the streets to work here? None of these people could even put on so much as a smile...

Just wrote a whole to say that I plan to NEVER again go to ANY Marathon Restaurant in this city. Can't believe these places exist, much less that its a chain of restaurants. How do people actually enjoy eating here?...
Came here today for a work lunch. I ordered a bbq chicken salad and a coffee. The service was great and fast and our waiter was friendly. We also got seated right away during a busy lunch hour.  Its packed with business people during lunch and its very fast pace. If you are looking for a quick lunch during the week, this is a great spot!
The chocolate chip cookie dough pancakes are fantastic!! Definitely need to get, even as an appetizer
Went here for brunch yesterday while visiting from out of town. Waited over an hour for our food, when tables who arrived after us were served. Our server Brandon was nice but I would have really appreciated him just checking in, explaining what the problem was, or simply apologizing for the ridiculous wait time. After all that, my smoked salmon Benedict was almost inedible.  English muffin that was twice as big as what was on top of it, a tablespoon of shredded salmon with wilted spinach, and the sorriest excuse for hollandaise sauce I have ever seen. The menu indicted a Dijon hollandaise but this was the consistency of water. So thin and watery I couldn't even taste it. I never do this, but I actually considered sending it back... But Brandon never asked how our food was. Only giving two stars because my sisters turkey burger was pretty good.
After stumbling through center city trying to find a quick bite, we ended up choosing here after taking a quick look at their menu. Marathon offers quick, approachable, and thoughtful dishes with great service to make a really great choice for grabbing a bite if in a rush. My girlfriend had the salmon with couscous which did a great job of blending the sweetness from the roasted veggies with the acidity of the balsamic and the fattiness from the salmon. The 18hr brisket sandwich easily satisfied though a toasted rye or something crisper than the ciabatta would have enhanced the dish further. All in all, this is a great spot for grabbing a quick lunch.
Consistently, marathon has been up top my list for a standard city lunch. It crosses my mind first when I know I'll be around Liberty Place! 
So last Wednesday when my aunt and I were doing some Christmas shopping, we certainly stopped here!


It was a busy Wednesday afternoon but we were greeted with a smile by the hostess and seated promptly by the window. It's something magical being in the city seeing all the hustle bustle!

Our server was super sweet and brought me an unsweetened iced tea. My aunt got the Moroccan salmon salad and I got the quiche.

If you haven't had their quiche before, you don't know what you're missing. It is a spectacular blend of ingredients served at the perfect temperature with the perfect amount of charred tomato on top. Served with the salad that is also always really fresh and crisp! The radishes had a great touch! 

My aunt and I always ask each other, why is their salad so good!?

Get there and try that Quiche Lunch Special!!!
This is probably my favorite place to get brunch in the city. They hands down have the best eggs Benedict. And their breakfast quesadilla is a must have! 
I've been here on dates, birthday brunches, grad brunch with my parents, and with friends when they come to visit. 
Unfortunately there's usually always a wait and they don't do reservations. And the tables are pretty packed together and the noise level is relatively loud but that all being said this place is worth it. 
The service has always been attentive and the decorations are fun. Great coffee and food. My advice? Go here!
Went here a few years ago and it was pretty good. Came back with a few friends this past Saturday and had a great experience! I'm not a huge burger person but I was really in the mood for one and they have a huge selection of really nice toppings (goat cheese yesss!) the burger was large and cooked perfectly. My friends veggie burger looked great, the mozzarella sandwich was very generous on the fillings - this is what I'll try next time I'm here. Every sandwich and salad ok the menu looked good and it was hard to decide what to get! I will definitely be back. 
The fries could have been better, but that's my only complaint.
This place is good for two things, to be enjoyed in tandem: smoothies and french fries.  I haven't been here in a while, but in light of all the terrible reviews, I thought I would set the record straight for those coming here expecting a full meal.  It's not happening.

For those visiting Philly, don't even bother stopping in.  Treat yourself to something fancy down the street, or something full of culture.  Marathon is for the people who live and work in the city, who are in need of something to sustain them until they can get a real meal.
Had a business lunch here with one other person.  Always enjoy coming here.  Had a veggie burger and salad.  Really good.  Waitress was very friendly and prices are fairly reasonable.  Plus, this place has a very nice atmosphere and draws a good Philadelphia crowd.  Definitely recommend for lunch.

My wife loves it here too.  She had me pick up an 18 hour braised brisket sandwich, fries, a salad (with extra Thousand Island Dressing and croutons), a smoothie and chocolate cake to take home to her.  I tend to have lighter meals, but everyone has different tastes, particularly my wife.  She enjoys her food, that's for sure!

I often take the grandkids here for Sunday breakfast.  Little Ivan loves the pancakes and French toast.  Larry and David love the bagels and smoked salmon.
marathon grill is a string of bug zapping lights that lure too many people in and then it shocks them. 

brightly lit, in promient locations,  marathon grill sucks people away from other eateries not because of its superb service or food BUT because---dun dun dun---its there. 

its there. 

so we keep trying it, and keep being disappointed. 3 toppings on a burger proved too much to handle, so next time we tried 2 toppings. 

a cheeseburger with onions and goat cheese. caesar salad. soup. 

salad and soup first, right? doesnt that make sense? 

20 minutes, no lettuce on a plate. we got an apology, but the burger came out first- burnt. i dont want an apology or to have to get up and ask for a spoon (i usually eat spoup with spoons, don't you?) I just want to eat. 

marathon leaves a bad taste in my mouth, and i will not be supporting them

^^^^^       i fully supprt jamie w's review- spot on.
I went here for Center City Sips just to grab a few drinks and appetizers with a friend. For drinks, we ordered the sangria and basil lemonade. Both drinks were okay, but nothing to get excited about. The basil lemonade was just a tad too basil-y for me. 

We ordered the baked Mac & cheese and cheese steak eggrolls for appetizers. You could tell the Mac & cheese was made from a generic mix with no love; the cheese steak eggrolls were good, but hit or miss. Some of the eggrolls were loaded with delicious, cheesy steak, others had barely anything in it. 

For those who love sriracha, Marathon doesn't have it! 

If I were you, I'd walk down the block to Nodding Head - their food is sooo much better (and they have sriracha).
I rarely ever complain but this is one of the most mismanaged restaurants I have seen. The food was pretty good but was clearly dragged down by poor food management and service. The server was not attentive and filled drinks without ice. The appetizers we got came and we asked for a side of marinara sauce with the calamari and the pass manager provided this to us 25 minutes after the calamari was already eaten and had LEFT the table. This provided comedic relief to an already horrible experience. The wait for food was 55-65 minutes from time of order to service and the wait staff argued with us instead of providing meaningful customer relations. All in all, I would never come back here. Just an awful experience. 

Note: I am still in the restaurant writing this. It was that bad. It was a Monday at 2pm. I wonder how bad it would be at an actually busy time. Wow.
I think this is one of my 'go-to' locations. Food is good and I am just absolutely addicted to the Tomato Basil soup, Calamari, and the Marathon Burger.......

I ordered food from here a few times and this gal "Jo" honestly made the delivery experience 'above and beyond'. I didn't think that was possible but the extremely nice attitude and personality she had on the phone to just making sure my order was on point and making sure I had all the things I needed in my order - I have to say, she made me love this place even more.
They have specials but they were out of their grilled pork chops and the braised rib, so my alternate choice was blackened chicken quesadillas which were really filling. This place is really nice in the inside. The lights are dimmed just enough and it creates a great ambiance, especially for a first date.
Our group of 6 was pleased by the variety of food options that could make everyone happy. Tempted by the burgers that were passing by, but trying to be good, I opted for the Turkey and Grain Burger on an evening that it was mixed with barley to give it a less turkey-ish texture (as explained by our server). I was a little dubious, but I ended up liking the flavor and texture; however, I found the burger quite large, therefore hard to eat or finish. We asked for several beers that were out of stock, but managed to find other options that suited us.
This Marathon is fine. 

They always make my Screaming Fruit Smoothie (god, I hate saying that out loud) properly, no big ice chunks. My chicken sandwich with honey mustard, gruyere and mushrooms is always okay. Salads are good, sometimes they forget the croutons, but they're bad for you anyway. Once while we were eating here, My boyfriend and I saw Michael Nutter walk by (this was during the election when he was considered a long shot), that was pretty much the best thing to ever happen to us at Marathon. 

They also do take out and delivery, so it is a good resource if you work in the area.

This Marathon also has a bar, which is nice. And sometimes they have disturbingly good beer that seems out of place, like Ommegang.
Marathon Grill is like taking the Phillies with the spread over the Nationals - good odds, but limited payoff. There's very little risk of going wrong, but at the same time I don't believe I've ever been knocked out by anything either.

It's usually not a huge issue, but enough to never make me think "Hey, let's go to Marathon Grill!" and start drooling. It's more of "We can't agree on where to go, let's just do Marathon". Case in point - the grilled vegetable salad w/ chicken. I like the elements individually, but the composition is off. Too much dressing, not enough mushrooms or chicken. I'll withhold judgement on the size of the tomatoes for fear of coming off as some kind of prima donna.

It is a useful fall back for when other plans fail to pan out, but don't play this card too often or it loses its effectiveness.
As a patron with Celiac Disease, I appreciated the option to order the egg scramble. As delicious as it sounded, however, my eggs were cold when they arrived. 

Yuck. 

Our server was also not friendly or welcoming. I asked his recommendation of coffee, and he responded with a curt, "we have coffee... and coffee". 

Will not return
This particular Marathon only gets two stars, but I do not dislike Marathon as a general rule. In fact, I like Marathon as a general rule. But this location... I want to like it. I work less than a block from here. My only frame of reference with this restaurant comes from the first time I tried to order take out and I was placed on hold. For about 7 minutes. Why I stayed on hold so long? I was desperate for a salad. 

I called back two weeks later for this same salad: spring greens, artichoke hearts, goat & cheddar cheese, and white balsamic. I successfully ordered this salad. When I picked it up, service was decent. It was ready when they said it would. Then I got back to work, ready to EAT! I opened the bag and found a soggy, wet, nasty soup that barely lined the bottom of the plastic container it came in. The veggies were completely swimming in white balsamic. I ate three bites and wanted to vomit. Perhaps I should have ordered the dressing on the side, but I thought that was common practice with to-go salads. The size of the salad was unacceptable - I've had their salads before and this was maybe half the size. Perhaps I should have complained at the time and taken it back, but I was so sickened and disappointed I didn't.

All of that being said, I'm giving this place two stars because it's not all that bad. Just that one time, it was really, really bad. Marathon on the Square is better. But Marathon in University City is worse (FYI).
All over good food. Not super fancy, but I have never had something there that I did not like. 

Recommended items: 

Marathon Burger
Basil Lemonade (alcoholic)
Dark and Stormy (alcoholic)
Vegetarian Chili (awesome!!)
Fire-roasted salsa
Crispy Buffalo Chicken Sandwich
Southwest Salad

Great place to get a decently priced meal and is easy to get into any day of the week.
I recently had the pre fixe meal for $22 and I enjoyed the combination of tastes on my plate. The chicken was moist my veggies were tasty but a little too greasy....overall is was a great meal. 

I also use them for take out/delivery. I have always enjoyed the way the package their food, in plastic containers that I use over and over again until they look too worn out and I recycle them. I hate take out places that use so much boxes and cups and card board - it's extremely eco-unfriendly. 

The food here is never spectacular but is a good standby you will always come away enjoying. The prices seem a little steep but the restaurant atmosphere is contemporary, the service has always been splendid and the food is dependable.
Ive been here twice now.

Both times with my boyfriend and we enjoyed it very much.
I got the tortellini with mushrooms and it was scrumptious. My BF for the veg chili and the southwestern salad with Avocado.
Heads up for the Vegetarians out there that stay away from Soy, there veggie burger does have soy in it other wise I would have tried it.

I had ice tea and my guy got the blueberry lemonade. Our server "Erin" was really sweet and refilled my ice tea about a 100 times which I appreciated. It was lunch time and I go through my ice teas. I really liked that it was never empty. 5 starts go out to Erin with the awesome service,

The next time we wen for lunch again and we got the Gazpacho (a special) and the southwestern salad again. we were splitting everything and it was a really great gesture when the salads came out already split. Nice touch!
I've come here for drinks and brunch as well, and both times I feel like I was more impressed with the ambiance than the place itself. For drinks we were sat at the bar and had decent conversation, but the bartender was not very attentive, and sadly drinks were just poured ok, and for about $10-12 a pop, I expected more. 

For brunch, the girls and I came in to mend a bachelorette party hangover and were sat right away and thought, fabulous! Sadly our loaded grilled cheeses (bacon, avocado, egg, cheese on sour dough bread) took an ETERNITY!!! I literally had 2 cups of coffee and still nothing. Our waiter checked on us only one time and we had to flag him down to give us our check as well as to take it. Yes, I get that brunch is busy, but we got there when there was no wait at 10 am, and ordered really simple items....all three of us actually ordered the SAME thing!

Thankfully prices are not crazy,  very reasonable for brunch at about $10 a plate, we sadly were not even able to order a mimosa because our waiter was too busy, but alas, we did have a good sandwich with really fabulous potatoes. I would return, because the food was delicious, but most likely when I'm not starving.
No service, waited 20 minutes for someone to approach the table. When asked if there was service I received a shrug from the host.
I went here when I was in Philly for the weekend.  My boyfriend did nothing but rave about it.  He was correct in the raving when it came to the food.  The burger I had was delicious and the Caesar salad was incredible.  

The service we had was unbelievably awful.  He said that particular location was more of a lunch spot, but come on 4 servers for 10 tables?  You would have thought we wouldn't have watched our food in the window for 15 minutes.  We saw a server talk over our food several times to the kitchen but she never felt like she should bring it to us.  I have no idea what made them actually bring out our food, but thank goodness it finally came.  We asked for our check three times about 10 minutes apart because no one would bring it to us or come over  near our table.  

The food is worth going and when I go back to Philly I'll probably go again, but I sure hope the service is better.
Nice ambiance. Average service. Worst food I've had in years.  Salmon was so oily we couldn't eat it (tasted like cooking oil was added to the salmon!).  Greek salad was very salty (REALLY salty).  Even the coleslaw was salty!  Cod was watery, undercooked and felt kind of slimy, couldn't eat it.   House salad was good. Ice tea was small glass with infrequent refills. Don't eat here.
Open late.  Great salads with solid variety.  The wait staff is attentive and timely.  The also have good burgers and sandwiches.  The place is never crowded in the evenings and the location is convenient for going out afterwords.
Stopped in for some apps and drinks before an event near by. It was three perfect starting spot with an upbeat vibe. Seemed like others may have had the same idea. Luckily we were in time for happy hour so we took advantage of the drink specials. Our server was on top of our refills and made sure we were taken care of even though we didn't order full meals. The appetizer sampler was a good choice bc of the variety. Everything we had was tasty but not overly amazing. It did the job though! I also liked the matzoh ball soup. Reasonable prices and a plenty to choose from. 

As my friend mentioned in another review, bathrooms could use some work. 

I wouldn't hold that against them though and would still return for a fun night out!
FYI: They have a full bar and outdoor seating on the sidewalk, but they also have plenty of seating on the inside, though their table layout makes for some narrow walkways.

On a Friday night during prime dinner time, the fiancé and I were searching for somewhere to eat after running some errands in center city. We always walk by this place so I've always wanted to try it but the opportunity never came up until today.

WHAT WE GOT: Grilled chicken margherita flatbread, grilled salmon, scallops dinner special

PROS: Nice decor/ambiance with friendly and attentive staff. The kitchen is on full display on the side of the restaurant but it adds a nice touch to the place. The food was pretty okay; nothing super special but nothing to be mad at either. The price matched the portion sizes and the freshness of the food. Loved the sweet but tangy honey mustard glaze on my salmon, which was cooked nicely. The mashed potatoes were also pretty good and so was the flatbread. I mean you can't really go wrong with chicken, cheese, and pesto.

CONS: The asparagus that came with the dish were a bit cold and my fiancé's risotto and spinach were both kinda sort on seasoning. It also took a little bit for the appetizer to come out even though the restaurant wasn't really busy. There's also minimum walking space in between some of the tables. 

Random thoughts from the fiancé: Our waiter Tyler was friendly and provided great service. It seemed though that his area was kinda spread out and disjointed with some tables being inside and some being outside which slowed service down. He also looked and sounded like Vin Diesel which was amusing.
I got food poisoning after eating at this restaurant. I would recommend avoiding it at all costs.
I like the *idea* of Marathon more than I actually like going there. I have a weekly appt near this place and tried going here afterwards for some readin' and eatin' (aka "I have no friends and am by myself and hunnnngry"). I almost always order the chicken salad sandwich with a side salad and it's tasty, for sure. Everything is fresh and all that. But it's not food-gasmic, you know? Also, I know this shouldn't be a complaint, but the service is too fast. I like to sit and wait a while and here I feel rushed, which ruins the lazy late lunch vibe I'm trying to get going.
Came here before Hurricane Irene hit for a quick brunch.  Was visiting for the weekend and this placed looked busy, so why not?!

We were seated and the waitress came to take our order soon. Banana brioche french toast with dulce de leche sauce for about 10 bucks and salmon benedict for 11.50, with a side of fruit salad for 4.50.

Shortly after we were seated, the manager that morning asked to move us to a nearby booth, as he was expecting a large wedding party. We didn't mind, and even better, he said that he would take care of our breakfast for our helpfulness.

The food was standard brunch fare, but what really stuck out was the banana brioche french toast with the dulce de leche. My boyfriend was crying as he ate it. Crying.

I was just so impressed with the customer service. Definitely would come back for a quick bite to eat.
This place should be called Crawl, not Marathon.  While the food is decent and the prices are reasonable, the speed of the service was beyond slow. 

My friend and I walked past Marathon after going to the Kimmel Center.  The menu looked good and the prices were surprisingly reasonable for the area, so we stopped in.  The atmosphere was welcoming: imagine steakhouse meets fair trade coffee shop (I know that's a hard atmosphere to conjure, but I swear it's the most accurate). Warm but focused on natural woods and cool lighting but you can tell they definitely serve meat ...

Anyway, the menu was basic Americana - burgers, salads, sandwiches, and a couple of more expensive entrees. Here's where things got a little rocky.  Our server was painfully unaware of what their rotating drafts were (I'm sorry, but telling someone it's a Yards does not describe the beer ...) and it took at least 15 minutes to get our drinks after ordering (we each got a beer on tap). After we got our drinks and ordered it took another 30 minutes to get our food which was a burger and crab cakes. The food was solid and the sweet potato fries were quite delicious but just not worth the wait.

Overall, this place was just mediocre and probably not worth seeking it out given all the other options around.
Ambience: a panera is cozier
Food: burger was great (probably overpriced) and the caesar was lackluster
Service: just okay
Go or don't go: eat anywhere else- Philly offer so many other wonderful choices
What can I say? Because this place is on route to going home, it might as well be my kitchen only without running back and forth to the refrigerator and freezer with ease to fix something to eat. This Marathon has a magnetic atmosphere that just pulls you in. I've sat and watched people walk past it only to come back because they wanted to enter the busy, electric atmosphere it give off.

I've been coming here since its opened and have seen many servers and staff member come and go. One of them being a friend of mine and former coworker that I met while we worked at a cafe in Germantown together years ago.

 How about that huh? So having been a server before, I know how I want to be served and the service here is quick and prompt but sometimes rushed and impersonal but as I continue to make my frequent appearances certain servers become more and more friendlier depending on the time of day I go in. 

The day I went in I ordered a chocolate milkshake and the cheese-steak rolls which gave me a quick protein boost until I got home for the real kitchen food. 
I always have a pleasant experience here with the sights and sounds going on there is never a boring or sleepy moment here.
I've been to the Rittenhouse location for dinner once, and once was definitely enough. Our host was nice, but we wound up with a surly server who, when I asked him which of the grilled tuna steak sandwiches he'd recommend, just shrugged and said, "Depends what kind of stuff you like." Strike one.

He finally said, "Just get the Cajun one." Bad move on my part for taking his advice. The flavor combination was plain bad, and adding cheddar cheese was just wrong. Strike two. 

Our calamari appetizer? Completely unseasoned.  And the arugula salad we ordered? Wilted after a serious dressing drenching. Strikes three and ... I'm outta strikes. And love for Marathon Grill.
On its own, Marathon would rate a 4. But in a sea of great places to eat in the downtown Philly area, its tough to rate it that high.

Good, solid, competent food. I'd eat here again, but to be honest, I only dropped by in the first place because my favs were all booked up. Given the choice, I can think of 2 or 3 other places I'd go to first if they weren't cram packed with reservations.
We waited an hour and a half for our food while we saw at least 3 rotations of tables get their food before us. When confronting the manager about this, his excuse was they were "busy". Not too busy to serve 3 rotations of tables before us I guess. Will never go back and food wasn't worth the wait. The best part? We both ordered sandwiches that could've been made in less than 10 minutes.
Possibly the slowest service I have had in years. Seriously it shouldn't take  an hour to cook a hamburger.

This place is rediculous. We sat for over an hour waiting for food, and all we ordered were hamburgers and drinks. The drinks, two wines, two beers and a water took 24 minutes to get to our table.

Then, when the food came one of our group ordered a hamburger well done. It came out very bloody and raw. Seriously after an hour you would think they would have the order right. 

Im not from Philadelphia, but if I was I would never go back.
Been here a few times in the past, I especially enjoy the outside seating on a nice day. Food is pretty good too, and it is easy to get reservations.
Always go when in town for Penn Relays. Made a reservation for a large group and table was ready to go when we arrived. Menu is always diverse and accommodated the carnivores and the vegetarian in the group. It's a comfortable spot for a decent meal with acceptable prices.
Came here for lunch on a weekday. The atmosphere is very nice. It's got a casual but classy feel to it. I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak because I'm new in town and I've been wanting to try it at several different places. It comes with the side of either fries or salad. Wait time for food wasn't too long. Around 10-15 minutes. It was a little busy around the lunch time. The food itself was pretty good, but nothing too outstanding. Love the vibe of the place though
Really don't go here. The city of Philadelphia produces some of the best food in nation and there are hundreds of restaurants in center city so just skip this one. 

Ordered a Bloody Mary and a burger - think it was a relative easy order that shouldn't get messed up. Wait a long time for the Bloody Mary only to be completely disappointed in the ketchup taste. After not being able to locate our server for the next ten minutes I hunted down another server and ordered a beer. 

My burger finally arrived and it was wrong.... so it was taken back and five minutes later a new burger arrived. Ate the burger which was alright. Shortly after I finished the burger the beer had arrived.  Chugged my beer and couldn't get out fast enough. At least my server eventually returned to drop the check and removed my Bloody Mary ... Only after I asked
Marathon is a nicely decorated neighborhood restaurant. The décor reminded me a bit of a steakhouse and the atmosphere is lively but not loud. We were  seated at the window which was great for people watching. Our server Holly was excellent and I knew we would get great service from her the moment she greeted us. We started with the Marathon Sampler app. Lightly breaded calamari and chicken fingers, sweet potato fries, and cheesesteak wontons which comes with a few dipping sauces, one of which was jalapeno with a nice kick! 

I had the Marathon burger with Vermont cheddar and caramelized onions. The burger was quite large, around 8-9 ounces. Very juicy and cooked medium rare as ordered. The county bun was light but hearty and did not fall apart. As usual, I had a side of sweet potato fries. I could not get enough of these! My husband had the grilled salmon with mustard sauce, mashed potatoes and asparagus. Salmon was firm and tender and the sauce paired nicely with the fish and vegetable.  Even though they were relatively busy, our food came out quickly. Overall, it was an excellent experience.
YES. Marathon, I love your wide selection of food choices, and I think your brunch items are outstanding. I came here for brunch and was lucky to snag a table for two without too much of a wait (there was a line for larger groups of 4+). On that note, definitely make a reservation to avoid waiting during peak brunch hours. 

I ordered an omelette with a side of fruit (came with a choice of toast), and my friend ordered their pancake special. Even though the restaurant was busy, our waiter was attentive, and the service was on point. The portions were also sizeable. Bonus: you can purchase some of their cheap and fresh baked goods on your way out or if you're just dropping by. The muffins had a great muffin top:bottom ratio, and was 1.89? Yay!

Tl;dr - good food, good prices, excellent brunch and baked goods.
This place sucks! Just don't even bother! There are so many more options.



The food is mediocre at best. The only server in the joint worth a damn is Harris. The rest are students who seem to have reached too high regarding work. Makes me scared for our future. The place is dirty.

Delivery and take-out orders are a gamble at best. 

The owners are obnoxious, couldn't give a damn about their customers or employees, and can't seem to be bothered with comments from patrons.

All and all, there isn't an item on the menu you can't get made better, larger in portion and/or less expensive in Philadelphia.
Really cool vibe and great food, however a giant cluster f**k.  Took nearly 7 minutes after being seated for someone to acknowledge me.        This place is in need of a major overhaul in training.  The food sat at the counter for a long time.  I sat staring at salads that were fresh from the kitchen just sitting there.  I stared at them hoping one of them WASNT mine as several minutes had lapsed. I kept staring and staring.  Then a woman grabs one of them, place a paper on top (receipt?) and walks away.  A minute or so  passes and sure enough she grabs the salad and takes off the paper that she placed on top of the salad and brings it to my table.  UGH, my "grilled" chicken was luke warm at best.  Get it together folks! i
Decent spot.  I think it says a lot about a place that every time you go there is no wait and not a lot of people present.  I've been here a few times after work for their Happy Hour and each time I had to remind myself that this is not a good Happy Hour spot.  The deals are limited/non-existent.  The food is okay, but basic bar/New American and nothing blew my socks off.  A conveniently located spot to grab a beer and dinner, but right on the corner of Sansom and 16th, I would urge you to go to Harp and Crown, Mission Taqueria, Oyster House, or even Ladder 15, or one of the other dozens of spots for HH or dinner instead.
A friend suggested going to Marathon last Sunday for Brunch. The service I experience was definitely appropriate for this price point (absolutely sucked but pretty cheap restaurant given the area). 

We requested outdoor seating which extended our wait by 45 minutes, this would have been a non-issue if another party that arrived after us had not been seated before us.  After being told there would be a wait for outdoor seating, we informed the hostess that we would be sitting at the bar during our wait. She said that was fine and we would be the first to be seated once anything opened up, and I noticed that she did not take our names. I assumed that she had made a mental note of our faces, and we would be next in line for a table. We were shocked to see that a table of four was seated shortly after they arrived ten minutes earlier (during idle conversation later about the awful service with this same party, I inquired if they had made a reservation and was not surprised to learn that they had not). We were seated 35 minutes later. I won't harp on the details, but the rest of the service was just as slow as our experience waiting to be seated. 

The food was on par with diner level breakfast food, but we were pleasantly surprised by the low price for brunch and drinks. If you've got two hours to spend on a sub-par brunch, and are looking to save some money this could be the place for you.
My husband described our dinner here as good, not great. Shrimp and Calamari appetizer was crunchy but the portion was very tiny for the price. Dipping sauce was quite good though. 

Blackened chicken sandwich on a wheat bun was tasty - chicken was well seasoned, toppings were nice. But don't call it sharp provolone if it's just plain provolone. I do know the difference. Fries on the side were good, fast food style fries. Braised brisket had a delicious sauce, and the horseradish mashed potatoes were very good. But the brisket didn't seem like it was braised for the 18 hours the menu proclaims. 

Chocolate mousse was well prepared - nice and fluffy. Chocolate milkshake was generously sized, and pretty thick. 

House pinot grigio is quite good. They have a nice draft list as well. For happy hour, there is a selection of $5 cocktails, $5 glasses of wine, and $3 beers. 

Sitting outside is nice - not as scenic seeing as you're facing Sansom street. And the tables are a bit uncomfortable. 

Service was very good. Our server was very attentive and friendly.
The go to place for a quick lunch or dinner in Philly!

The food is always delicious and fresh and light, and there are TONS of healthy options (most food is local as well). Favorite is the salmon burger and all of the salads are great!

Seriously, I love Marathon and I could eat their food everyday...without feeling bad about it.
We arrived on a red eye flight and our room wasn't ready so the concierge at the Sofitel suggested we try Marathon for breakfast while we waited. 

We both had the Benedict with ham. I subbed the home fries for a fruit bowl ($1.50 upcharge). It was well done.

Coffee was freshly brewed and flavorful.
This is purely based off of their catering, but these guys are pretty good. We had a large event, over 200 people, and needed breakfast on short notice. The day before, we called and ordered, no issues. 
The pastries are top notch quality, especially for the price, and the fruit salad and cream cheese platters they gave us were displayed fancily. You also get way more than enough cream cheese for all the bagels, which is a rarity with other breakfast caterers, in our experience.
The only issue we had was that the delivery was a bit late, but maybe that was just the weather or traffic. Definitely recommend these guys for events and larger occasions.
I've been here for brunch, which is fantastic, but just had my first lunch here! Delicious! I ordered the Marathon Burger which includes melted provolone, sautéed onions, bacon, lettuce, tomato and a house made BBQ sauce. The burger was cooked perfectly rare, but the bacon was a bit crispy for my liking and the BBQ sauce was more like a mildly tangy ketchup. Service is fast and courteous. I got seated immediately despite a full house! They definitely pack you in like sardines so I felt as if I was a part of the business lunch at the table next door. (Who has a business lunch at marathon? It's so loud!) ambiance gets three stars but food bumps them to a four... Bring your ear plugs!
Great place for groups with comfortable seating and a nice variety of dishes.  I love the create your own salad option, which starts at $9.5 with 3 free toppings, cheese, and condiments like seeds and crouton.  The pan seared tilapia with mushrooms was very solid as well.  The portions are reasonable and most entrees are under $15, which is a nice plus in Rittenhouse.  They also serve breakfast all day, which means that you can get alcohol, pancakes, and omelets at one place!
Went here for brunch..tad dissapointed.. oatmeal was cold, had to send it back..service kind of slow..and no SPLENDA to be found.. people, I got splenda at the hole in the wall shack for my coffee a street down...

Get with the program.
Was cut in my mouth by a shard of glass in my drink, not even a discount on the meal. Very disappointing.
One of my fav places for a large group, with "mixed" company. Menu has enough options to accommodate everyone.

Food is always fresh and tasty. Salads are great.

A little overpriced, but compared to other places in the city- not bad. 

Casual enough for an unplanned lunch/dinner, but nice enough for after work happy hour. 

I could see going on a casual date here and then bringing my parents for dinner the next night. Very versatile.
Marathon is the epitome of a 3-star restaurant. Good service, decent food. Nothing to really dislike, but also nothing that screams at me to return ASAP.

On my most recent visit my husband and I both got salads, which were good. The $3.50 happy hour hummus plate was worth the price, for sure. The only thing that wasn't that great was the margarita...it tasted like pure sour mix.

This is a spot you should go to if you're not trying to be wowed and just want to grab a bite and go.
Came here for brunch today. I can say that I am a fan and pretty impressed! The boyfriend and I dropped in around noon to get a nice brunch with mimosas (which were very good, definitely not watered down). I ordered a "control freak" omelet - so I was able to pick 3 toppings (sausage, spinach and goat cheese), instead of ordering one of their pre-arranged omelets. The omelets come with home fries and toast (sooo much food, I was STUFFED). The boyfriend got eggs Benedict, and it was also very good and filling. This eggs benedict was a nice portion size, unlike some other restaurants that give you a small serving size which leaves you wanting another round. This also came with a side of home fries. 

The waitress was really friendly, helpful and attentive even with it being super busy since it was prime lunch/brunch hour. I also ordered the Liberty Belle cocktail (the waitress suggested it as one of the better cocktails). I wasn't WOWed by it, it was drinkable and tasted like berries, but I didn't find it to be super awesome or special. 

I would definitely suggest other people to check this place out for any meal during the day, and I will be back in the future!
We were here for  a late breakfast and left pleased, full and feeling good.  The home made OJ was exquisite.  Eggs cooked to perfection.  A slab of ham the size of Manhattan.  Good service overall despite the crowds.  Yummy place in a superb location.
I really liked the trendy space and the food was pretty good as well. All of the food I tried was pretty good but not amazing.
I was just thinking how I miss Marathon Grills's breakfast, time for a visit. I love this location, love the omelet with smoked salmon. Love their pancakes. Coffee could be stronger, prices are reasonable and the staff is always very friendly. This is my breakfast spot.
It was quite a struggle to friend a place for brunch on a Friday morning while visiting Philly. My mother and I came across this place and the food did not disappoint. I ordered the Smoked Salmon Omelet and it was absolutely perfect. My only negative is the fact the air conditioning was blasting so hard I left with goose bumps. I would be interested in trying dinner or lunch here the next time I am in town.
Stopped in here today and ordered off their 3-5 menu. Best part of the whole meal were the Philly Cheesesteak Won-Tons. Fried to a crispy perfection and served with a wiz cheese sauce that had a drop of Sriracha in it. I ordered the Salmon burger which was terrible. Overly fishy tasting and had a slimy film over it and was topped with wads of some sort of gooey green. Texturally it just didn't work. My husband had the burger. It was really dense and mostly dry. Service wasn't anything special. I walked in and had to prompt the man at the podium to speak to me. Our waitress was nice but was rushing away from us before we even finished giving her our orders. She always didn't check back in with us after brining food over. I would not dine here again for the price there are a lot of other nicer places to go out to.
Been here a few times for brunch, so we went last Sunday (3/9/14) for a late lunch around 4 (we didn't see it posted on their site anywhere, but brunch ends mid-afternoon). Three of us got: the turkey club with cup of tomato basil soup, the Philly cheesesteak with caesar salad side, and the Marathon burger. Everything was good, but my favorite part of the meal was a vanilla shake: SO good. Service was great, and restaurant wasn't too crowded at 4pm. Only downside was we thought brunch was all day..will be heading back in time for brunch next time.
This is one of my favorite spots for brunch.  Come to think of it, i don't think I've had any other meals here.  It's really fabulous though, and for some reason I always forget about it.  I went to Green Eggs and the line was out the door.  We went to Marathon, sat right down, had lovely brunch mimosas, great service, and food that made my belly warm.  I got the breakfast quesedilla and it was huge and delicious and served with spicy salsa and sour cream.  I also have to say that the decor of this place is fab too.  Also noteworth is the prices are really reasonable for an amazing array of choices.  Also, you're right by Rittenhouse Square so the people watching can be quite amazing.  They also have seating outside when its warmer out.... which is very nice too.
Marathon is getting one star because of horrible takeout service. I just tried to order lunch, was put on hold three times at five minutes a time, put on hold again for 3 minutes and then they finally went to take my order and I was put on hold again! I finally gave up. Tried to order from another location that is only about four blocks away and they wouldnt let us.So we ordered from FUEL and it was delicious!
People seem to be really down on this place, but the one time I've been (a small sample size, I know) it was perfectly fine.  I had the matzo ball soup which, despite its saltiness/not being from a Jewish deli, was very good and satisfying on a chilly night.  For dinner, I had the marathon burger and, again, it was very good and I was more than content with it.

To each his own, I suppose, but I would gladly return to this restaurant.
Two young adults who got to Mission Taqueria happy hour too late on a Friday afternoon end up at Marathon Grill! No wait on a Friday at 6 PM. They don't actively advertise their happy hour but drinks were $5 and small bites like calamari was $7-8. Their margarita was pretty strong (or maybe I've just become a light weight) and their calamari was satisfying (Gran Caffe L'Aquila's is still better). Also got their pierogis which was the first place I've seen in Philadelphia to offer pierogis (yum!). We went and got second dinner after this so it was a great snack but Marathon Grill has a family-friendly vibe which is quite uncommon to find in Center City. I felt like I was transported to a suburban mall restaurant for 1-2 hours - it was actually quite refreshing. The booths had families and children with their coloring book menus, it was great. Cute little find in Center City~
Marathon tends to be inconsistent. I've eaten at the one on 18th Street (a very strange tasting tuna salad), the one that used to be at 40th and Walnut (one of the worst service nights I've ever suffered through), and this one at 16th Street. 16th and 18th Street locations are definitely geared toward business folk: generally swift service, swift table turning, and swift check drops.

This location had terrific matzoh ball soup. I've also had the southwestern style salad with avocado, tortilla strips, and pumpkin seeds as delivery many times. Generally I've found this salad to be perfectly executed every time; however, today it was overly dressed and the quality control was lacking: two lettuce cores mixed in with my greens and the avocado was rotten in spots. Here's hoping it was just a fluke today, because other than Continental Midtown's Chopped Salad, this is one of my favorite salads in the city!
We order from here about once a month. I love that I can have healthier options after a long day of work but sadly it has not delivered. Tonight my fiance and I ordered delivery from here. He ordered the marathon burger at medium and when the burger arrived it was completely raw and cold to the touch in the center. It looked as if it barely even had touched a warm grill. I have attached pictures since this is a major issue and health concern. They also messed up my order as well. I ordered the turkey grain burger and was sent a turkey club.... I'm almost glad a burger didn't come because I'm scared that would have been raw as well.
