On the same square as 1st Asian Supermarket in Mayfair, Philadelphia, in a corner brick two story, stands Marinucci's Deli. Those of you familiar, already know that it is a high volume higher quality Italian hoagie gold mine that creates stuffed sandwiches loaded with Dietz & Watson meats and cheeses, and a few signature pieces. Those of us who haven't been there before yesterday now know that this place is a legendary Philly landmark (30 years in this location) that turns out among the best Sammies in the city. 

I stopped in after a heavy afternoon of food shopping next door, and ordered two "small" 12" torpedos with Rare Roast Beef & Provolone and Roast Turkey & Swiss, both dressed with lettuce, tomato, mayo, oregano, hot & sweet peppers. Both To Go. 

Weighing in at about one pound each, we tore into the roast beef on the drive home. It was spectacular! The meat was fresh and tender, the provolone mildly tart and dry, that combined with all the accessories for a dynamic and delicious bite and chew. The best way to attack this zoftig big boy was with two hands and aggressive squeeze and stuff into the mouth, just like with a cheesesteak. We tag teamed it, my partner holding it in front of my face, while I grabbed with one hand and directed it into my mouth. It only worked at stoplights, but a couple of large bites did the trick. No fuss, no muss. Only a sesame seed from the roll jumping off the bread onto my lap before slipping to the floor. 

The Turkey & Swiss was just as good. Top flight ingredients and delightful eye opening taste. Both were good for two meals apiece, so we finished them later that evening with good brew and jalapeño chips. 

Marinucci's is one of those Philly joints that leave a lasting impression and a strong desire to return whenever in the neighborhood, which fortunately is about once a month. 

The corner of Brous and St. Vincent is a true destination for everyone seeking variety in their low budget culinary exploits. Vietnamese, Chinese, Boba and Marinucci's all in one square of Mayfair is a foodie's dream come true.
You want a mouth watering, fresh hoagie, large enough that you may need two sittings to finish it off, at a great price? .. we're talkin' value. This place is a family run gem. The bread to meat ratio is incredible. I get the turkey with sharp provolone, sweet peppers, tomato and onion... absolutely delicious, and it's huge!! Be very hungry if you want to finish it all .. I am a sales rep and travel all over the Philly metro area, this place is tops for fresh sandwiches... highly recommended.. in NE Philly.
I use to get the buffalo chicken on a round roll all the time until I tried the corn beef special and fell in love. This is the only place in the city to get a hoagie or sandwich, so worth the ride everything is always fresh and the staff is pleasant!!
I have been coming here for years, the meat is fresh and they are very generous with it.  They are also very reasonably priced.. their meat by the pound is usually at least a couple dollars cheaper than at the supermarket... their sandwiches have enough meat on them for 3 sandwiches so get an additional rolls... their pickles are bomb. Call ahead to order on the weekends, they get a ton of orders they seem to be a Mayfair staple. It's pretty small so waiting inside isn't ideal. They have a few refrigerated items, like potato salad, macaroni salad, coleslaw, mozzarella, peppers. Not a huge drink selection, good chip options.  It's a solid place, I'm a customer when I'm in the area, and will continue to be.
Its been over 10 years since I Tryed the Hoagies hear. I desided it was time to see if the Hoagies just as good as they were back in the day. And they sure we're. 

I desided to drop by on a weekday morning. And when I walked in, it was packed. You are talking like 10:30 am, so people still have the luv for the Hoagies. And who wouldn't when they pile on the meat. It's definitely not your Wawa hoagie. This place knows how to do the hoagie right. And for a half of a Hoagie for $8 is not bad. But as good as they are I think the next time it will be whole hoagie and keep left overs. 

I end up getting a half of a buffalo chicken Hoagie. with lettuce, tomato, onion, salt, pepper, and oregano, with just a little mayo, So roll don't get all soggy. Peppers and pickles on the side, they put them in little baggies. It was yes so delicious. If you try this place once you will always be going back. 

So if you are in or around the area give it a try.
Their prices and quality are good, but I always get the "runs" after eating their food. May be a cleanliness issue with the slicer or work station area.
One of the best hoagies I've had in a while. I just kept talking about them to anyone who would listen lol. The wait wasn't long at all I waited about five minutes after ordering. Parking is on the street so it shouldn't be an issue to find a spot. Hoagies are pretty big. Definitely big enough to share if you're not starving but even after that still shareable. I cannot wait to return to get another one. Not much to say but try one!!

Pretty small spot that sits on a corner block.
Yo, these hoagies are THICCCCC AF!!! 

I was craving an italian hoagie (as I mostly all the time do) and happened to come across the Marinucci's listing on Yelp. 

We couldn't help ourselves and ordered "the nucci" and the regular italian hoagie. Opted for the "half" (12") for both hoagies and was thoroughly and happily surprised when we picked them up. The bag itself was hefty AF...these half hoagies are at least a pound each! 

We split the half of the nucci and nearly wasn't able to finish our half of the half! The hoagie is full of meat and flavor. Slap on a few hot banana peppers and you are more than good to go!

Highly recommend this place - definitely my new fave italian hoagie spot in this city!
Hey, are you hungry? I mean like, "end of the world, what I really need now is a hoagie the size of a scud missile" hungry? Come to Marinuccis! Jesus tap dancing Christ, I've never seen a hoagie so big. I got the HALF.....the HALF, and I FORCED half of THAT down my gullet, then gave the other half away. This is not hyperbole; my italian HALF hoagie was the size of a newborn. It had the girth of a football. It was positively ridiculous in a very good way. I had passed this place literally a HUNDRED times before hearing that it was voted one of the best hoagie spots in philadelphia, so I decided to check it out one day for lunch. The hoagie was great; everything tasted fresh, the bread was soft, etc, etc, and it was enough to feed 4 of me. I will definitely be back when I can find 3 other people that want to split a half with me. 

Knocks on Marinuccis are; 1) its SMALL. And even within its very small confines, there is a rack of snacks in the middle, effectively cutting the available floor space in half. Since it takes a few minutes to make your sandwich, it can get crowded FAST in there. and 2) I think they are a credit card minimum place, so you need cash. 

Small knocks aside, its a highly recommended hoagie stop. Just either come HANGRY or bring your friends.
Had the best honey turkey and provolone hoagie from here! I'm a native New Yorker and know my sandwiches. Great bread, not cheap with the meat and really enough to share for 2! I'll be back today!! That's half only!
I've been eyeballing this place for quite some time now but never got to come due to time conflicts. Finally, today was the day. Some guy walked out when I was walking in and the scent of his hoagie blew me away. Now my mouth was really watering for some hoagie. 

I played safe and got Turkey. They give you two options, half (12") or whole (24"). Reading from all the reviews, apparently half is plentiful so that's what I went for and boy, all the reviewers were right. I couldn't even finish half of my half! As soon as you open the wrapped delight, it's gigantic and fat. It's obvious as soon as you bite into the hoagie that everything inside is fresh. It is sooo delicious!! Please stop by whether you are or are not from the area; you won't be disappointed.
HUGE, delicious and fresh hoagies. Not to mention they are extremely reasonably priced. A half will feed 2 people!!
Greennman's, Marinucci's, Fanshawe - the holy trinity of Mayfair delis. Marinucci's hoagies are delicious and made fresh. Big supporters of the neighborhood and local schools too.

 If your kids are having a game at Perzel Park, stop by and grab a hoagie.
My favorite deli place in all the land. I've never gotten a wrong order or a bad sandwich in all the years that I've been coming here. The people are always pleasant and the food always fresh. If you haven't tried it, just do it!!
My co-worker told me about Marinucci's months ago but due to their hours and my work hours timing has been difficult, but today I finally made it! And it was WELL worth the wait! The prices are a little higher than most but typically quality products are. The seeded rolls are my favorite, super soft, sweet and delicious which really compliments the sandwich as a whole.

Just some critical feedback to offer; there were traces of turkey meat on my veggie hoagie, assuming because the cheese was maybe sliced on the same slicer as lunch meat, maybe consider making a change to the way items are prepared to avoid situations like that not only for customers preference but also certain allergies. That's the only reason I didn't give 5-stars.

Anyway, I will definitely be back!
Absolutely the best deli in Mayfair. The "Brous Ave" is to die for.  Note: If using credit, orders must be $10 or over.
Hey Primo's, I'm really happy for you and Ima let you finish. But Marinucci's has one of the best hoagies of all time!
Heard of this place and was in the area and starving so I decided to give it a try. 

Parking: Street parking in a residential area so pack patience. 

They have a patio for outdoor seating but it didn't look like it was open. 

Service: Order takers were pleasant. 

Food: Bread, meat and toppings are fresh. Only issue was that I asked for extra mayo and got home only to find that there wasn't hardly any mayo on my sandwich; anyone who loves a sloppy hoagie with the mayo dripping out the back,  knows how hurt I was. I don't like using the mayo from home on my hoagie;  it just doesn't taste the same as the deli's mayo. 

Drink: lemonade made by dillonades. The drink has fresh fruit. $6 for 16ozs though.  

Overall I enjoyed my experience and will definitely go back.
My son wanted a ham sandwich but I was all
Out so I door dashed from here and was impressed. For a $4 simple sandwich to be packed with so much ham, it was amazing and delicious. I can only imagine how amazing their hoagies must be if a simple ham sandwich is that good.
AMAZING! When you move south and come back home looking for a great hoagie WOW Marinucci's nailed it! From the second you walk in the door you get hit with that deli smell of fresh onions, meats and rolls. I ordered a whole nucci Italian and wow this hoagie was so huge and heavy it must have weighed 5 pounds. The sharp provolone was incredible along with the prosciutto, roasted red peppers and the large sliced pepperoni on top. They sell Herrs chips, tasty cakes and Dietz and Watson meats. You will not be disappointed stopping here.
This has been my go to hoagie spot for years. A Facebook friend of mine posted the other day saying it was her first time trying it and she was amazed that she never heard of it before that. So if you're like her and haven't tried it yet, you have too. And just like her you're going to be hooked. And as I have been for years. I've had many different hoagies and wraps and they're all good, the salads too. It's one of the last small deli spots left and it's still around for a reason.
Now that's a hoagie worthy of its name!
Very cheap and great quality.  I love this place.  I often skip class and treat my mom to a sandwich for lunch.  Its just a bunch of young boys working trying to earn some money.  Nothing wrong with that.  They are incredible,  I'd take them over promos anyway.
Hoagie paradise! And I thought that wawas had good hoagies... These hoagies are amazing! They come really loaded with meat and lettuce. I was surprised on how big a half hoagie was (12 inches). I also got a potato and egg salad which was okay. They also offer desserts and you can grab your own pickle from the barrel. I really enjoyed my hoagie! 
There is plenty of street parking on the street as well as a parking lot behind the store which is used by the Asian businesses around. Although this is mostly for take out, I did see that there was outdoor seating.
Best hoagie you will ever eat. Enormous sandwiches. We can eat, really eat and we always have a half leftover for the next day. Super fresh, big and reasonable prices. Not close to where I live but well worth going out of my way.
Wow...these hoagies must weigh about 5 lbs each!  Great rolls, fresh ingredients, accommodating staff.  

From what I hear, you can't get near this tiny deli on a Sunday during football season...better order early!
Plenty of competition in Philly for hoagies but nobody can touch Marinucci's. I've been going to Marinucci's for years. Always consistent and NEVER disappoint. They offer lunch specials, variety of meats, snacks, desserts, beverages, pretzels, sides, and many more! 

Limited (street) parking, ATM machine inside, budget friendly, convenient to major roads, and the staff are very kind. 5 stars!
Yep, this is the number one deli in the northeast.  Friendly service, call an order in, then pick it up or order at the counter.  Excellent, reasonable prices...Let's face it, this place can't be beat.
This is my favorite hoagie in Philadelphia. 
Sandwiches are a thing that require a delicate balance. This deli provides the perfect amount of meat in ratio to the bread. Your not overpowered by an obscene amount of meat or an over abundance of bread. 
The bread is great, the meats are delicious, your in and out of there in a matter of minutes. 
I recommend their Italian hoagie with oil, a bag of salt and vinegar chips, and a peach iced tea for a perfect lunch.
Let me start off by saying was the worst hoagie I ever had....I had a ham and cheese the cheese was so thick I need it and I scraper to get through it.....The lettuce was wilted no good....they put way too much oregano on my hoagie I could smoke it....I don't know why I gave it one star but I take my star back I give youthree thumbs down for this hoagie...and it's funny when I went in to get the hoagie there was like four kids or something talking about chicks in skirts very unprofessional for a business.....I just wanted to try it for the first time I heard things about it wanted to find out for myself it was a waste of money thank you
This is a very popular store and you needn't wonder why.  The sandwiches are always freshly made and jam-packed with delicious ingredients.  It's my husband's favorite hoagie place and quickly became mine.  

When there's additional time on our schedule to make the trip from Bustleton, it's our go-to place for hoagies.
I will always come here a buy my hoagies! They have that fresh old school taste! As soon as you walk in the door the smell let's you know you're getting an amazing hoagie.
Freshly made to order stuffed hoagie.  I recommend the lean and lite.
It's lite turkey with cheese and all hoagies are made to order.  How they do it so fast is mind.

The crew is pleasant.  I drive down from Bucks County any chance I get for the best hoagies ever
i love the fact that they have the best and biggest hoagies around,  i have never been dissappointed in anything i got from here. its the only place worth going in my opinion if your in the northeast
Best hoagies I ever had so big and delicious! Staff is friendly and courteous and helpful. They are always so happy to see you and are effective and efficient.
I had a tuna hoagie here.  It was fine.  Nothing earth shattering.  
What wasn't fine, however, was that it took three days for this hoagie to happen.  The first day, they ran out of rolls.  Pretty vital component. How does a deli run out of hoagie rolls? I don't understand.  Then the next day, they ran out of tuna which made me sad. I don't eat lunch meat so that's pretty much the only option for me.  
Marinucci's was a-ok, but that's a lot of suspense for a hoagie.
Stopped here today for lunch because I was in the area. I haven't been here in quite a while. The place is still the same though. I always go with the Italian, I love they use full slices of pepperoni. I'm not a huge fan of their rolls, they are always flakey and the meat slides off. It is a messy hoagie but that's not always a bad thing. They do not put pickles or peppers on the sand which but they charge you .25 cents for sides. Overall it's a decent sandwich packed full of meat and fresh sliced. They had a place in wildwood a few years back but that has been close for some time. I also heard the place just recently sold, let's hope it stays the same. 3 stars
for some reason everytime i eat a marinucci's hoagie i am on the toilet with the runs the rest of the day.  happened more than once and when i ate different hoagies.  as far as the taste they are ok, the only thing unique about them is they put so much meat on it.
Best deli in NE and maybe even the entire city hands down. I've had friends from Chicago come visit us and we took them here - they all agreed these were the best turkey sandwiches they've ever had! The meat portions are ginormous and unmatched by any other. All of their ingredients are super fresh and their chip and drink selection is unprecedented. You can't beat these guys if you tried.
I have a house in Philly and my favorite hoagie in Philadelphia is Jack's place, but they were closed one day so I went here and I got a Tell ya they were as good , I was really impressed
The best hoagies ever !! Service here is amazing. Everyone is so sweet. It's more of a family owned hoagie place there is a huge selection of chips and a large variety of hoagies. It's super in expensive. I always get a ham and provolone cheese with lettuce and mayo on a hoagie it's only $8.50 and it can feed two people. The meat is stacked super high ! A bang for your buck !
Had an opportunity to revisit this neighbor gem today, was craving a good hoagie. Walked in and was immediately greeted with a warm welcome. Something seemed different. After placing my order I was chatting with one of the employees and found out that he's was the new owner. He was very appreciative that I had stopped in. As I was waiting for my order, I noticed how he treated all the customers who came in, he wanted to make sure that the customers were being taken care of. Nice too see! BTW the hoagies were awesome as always...seems like very bright future...wish them the best of luck!
This is my 3rd visit there. I got an Italian half hoagie.

Excellent Hoagie with a ton of meat. Prepared to perfection.

After eating half of it, I must take a nap before finishing it off.

The price is great also.
Been coming to this spot since I was a baby. Even after moving out of Mayfair, we still travel out of the way to get hoagies from here. The absolute best food, and service. Everything is so fresh and I promise you can't get a better hoagie.
Best hoagies hands down in the Northeast. I grew up on Primos (the original one) before they expanded. Marinuccis was referred to me by an old school Italian guy. Thankfully he did. No more trips to SP for hoagies or fresh lunch meat.
Yo....these hoagies are STACKED! Like you cant even finish the whole thing at once...it fullof meat and cheese and veggies. This is my go to hoagie place...plus its locally owned and sponsors  the community. Only downside I have is you have to purchase the sweet peppers, hot peppers and pickles separately in little bags and one little bag of peppers doesn't cover the whole hoagie. Other than that, amazing place to eat
The Best Hoagie In Philly, PERIOD!

There are so many places in Philly to get a hoagie, and a good one at that, but no one even comes close to Marinucci's!
The hoagies are packed so full that you can barely even close the roll. The meat, cheese, roll, and toppings are all top quality.
I've posted a picture that is half of a half and believe me when I tell you, even that was enough for 2 meals.

In Philly you will always get people telling you where is the best but on hoagies, if they say anything other than  Marinucci's then don't listen!
This is the only place I buy hoagies from in Northeast Philly. I used to live a few blocks from this deli but moved towards Northeast Airport (just off of Grant Avenue) and I still drive to Mayfair Deli to pickup my delicious hoagie. I have to finish it in two sittings because the hoagie is so BIG and priced so cheap... very good and fresh hoagies at this place!!
Favorite hoagie spot. Great rolls.  Lunch meat sliced for each order. Great service. Delicious hoagies.
I began working near the area just over 1.5 yrs. ago and still remember the first time I had a real, authentic hoagie( one that made you say"Wow!").  I had a coworker who told me their sandwiches were really good when I was lamenting about how I was unable to find a decent hoagie.  Well, I immediately went into this little corner store with low expectations...the first thing as you cross over the threshold is the enticing smell of fresh bread, sliced onion and meat.  It took a moment to remember that I was not back in 1978, when good old fashioned delis were plentiful.  Well I placed my order...playing it safe, an Italian Hoagie...oh Joy, not only was it so loaded with fresh tasty meat & flavorful provolone that it had to weigh over 2 lbs, but the bread was so delicious...the lettuce, tomatoe & onion finely cut...just the right amount of mayo.  My Coworker was right!  This became a weekly trek to Hoagie Mecca.  My family started placing order requests, every time there was a function at work we were foaming at the mouth for Marinucci's...Roast Beef, Corn Beef, Turkey, Tuna(all of them are the Belle of the Ball)-you cannot possibly go wrong.  I don't usually take the time to write reviews but this is definitely the place to visit if you yearn for a good sandwich/hoagie.  I believe that they have shown that the Art of Great Sandwich Making Is Yet Alive. I would've given 5 stars even if the service took longer. Tip:  Call ahead at least 20-30 minutes. My Name is Stephanie, maybe I'll see you there.  Trust me, it is well worth the trip!
Wow what a delicious hoagie!  I got the Italian.  I believe they use Amoroso rolls so the bread is slightly crusty, soft and chewy which is my preference.  My jaws hurt a bit towards the end lol.  Good bread, quality ingredients, and the added pepperoni was a nice touch.  I got a half size which is more than enough.  It can probably feed 2 people, although I ate it all myself since i'm such a pig.  I give this place and Carmen's in south jersey the title for best hoagies in the world!
Best Hoagie in Northeast Philly Better Than Promos and Cost Less!!!  Great Bang for your Buck!! Fresh Rolls & Lunch Meat!!!!
Excellent sandwiches with a ton of meat......plus they use D&W........this is your typical corner sandwich shop......they do not serve hot sandwiches. .....but the hoagies are worth it......they are a good group of people.....   they are very supportive in the community.....great job
Very large, stuffed with meat (Deitz tho) go for the seeded roll if you can! Good stuff if you love deitz.
Want a great hoagie - look no further than this corner deli.  Marinuccis serves up fresh huge monster hoagies to fill the bellies of Philadelphians.. The crew works like family here, crowded behind the deli case preparing hoagies all day long. Never a dull moment for this place as the door might as well be revolving because it draws a crowd.   They pack their fresh rolls with the tastiest of lunch meats cheeses and tops them with simple lettuce tomato onion and oregano try calling ahead to avoid sometime lengthy wait times. You won't be disappointed here!
The BEST hoagies hands down. I love their Italian hoagie. The sandwiches are packed with meat. They have Stromboli's in their freezer that are great grab n go's for a quick dinner or snack.  Everything is always fresh and made to order.
Chicken salad hoagie was delish. Staff extremely pleasant and helpful. I'll be back for sure!
5 star  for best Italian Hoagies, and their Roast Beef Hoagies, and i love their fresh Dells Pickles. Anyway the last time i came in their store there was this one guy behide the deli slicing luchmeat up staring at me and my buttocks lol other than that their food is awesome
Great hoagies are great because of the bread...period! Of course fresh ingredients is part of that..but seriously if the bread ain't right its a wrap! Marinuccis does it right..great bread fresh lunchmeat..and the rest of the fixings that make a good hoagie. I travel for good food and when I want a Good hoagie I'll take that trip up the bully and  savor my hoagie of choice for the next two days..be it turkey..corn beef..buffalo chicken..Hmmm its been awhile I may have to grab one tomorrow!
This place is a must try! Specifically The Nucci....Hands down one of the best hoagies you can get in Northeast Philadelphia. Their prices on buying regular deli is good too. I do suggest that you get there early to order your lunch. It gets packed in there. But if you are forced to wait it won't be long and it will be well worth it. I promise you this.
Very good hoagies. I'm a big guy and I can't eat one of these in one sitting. My fav is the buffalo chicken. Best to call ahead to avoid the wait.
Good quick service. Hoagies are HUGE and are worth the money that you pay for them. The only reason I docked Marinuccis 1 star was because they don't put pickles or hot peppers on the sandwiches because they "make the hoagie soggy". But then they charge you for them on the side. It's not over priced but I'd rather have my hoagie LOADED. Great job Marinuccis. I'll be back
Got Two Hoagies,One for my Wife,and one for me,Both ham and cheese.
Ordered ham and cheese hoagie's with mayo and everything on it, 
Ended up with shredded lettuce and shredded onions at best,was told they don't put pickles and hots on,you get them at the counter?
Lot of meat,and I liked the roll,but it was more like eating a ham and cheese sandwich on a roll with mayo ,definitely not a hoagie.
I have been in Mayfair for years and have been going here for just as long.  I am beyond disappointed with the owner. I am helping with a benefit for a local boy who passed away on Mother's Day 2015. 

I personally called the deli to ask if they could donate something for the benefit that will have all local mayfair people. The young man I talked to was so nice and said drop a letter off. The mother whos son passed dropped the letter off.  The woman who owns Marinuccis was there... I am still angry at how one mother could treat another mother who recently lost her son. She started screaming that shes sick of donation requests and made my friend feel hurt and embarrassed in front of everyone in the store. The owner's son said "dont you want to read the letter?," she said "no I dont care to read it" and gave her a certificate for a free hoagie after hurting my friend. My friend is so kind and giving and the benefit is going to help another teen in need of treatment for addiction, so another parent dont have to feel the heartbreak she is dealing with. The woman who owns this deli should realize who she may be yelling at; it could just be a selfless mom who lost her son. My friend will be giving all money raised to start a scholarship in her son's memory.

Marinucci's, she  will be giving your free sandwich to a homeless person that is in need of a meal, and you will be losing alot of business in Mayfair. As a mother you have no compassion for another mother lossing her son.There is a saying, think before you speak, you never know what that person is dealing with. I understand you probably get alot of donation requests as do all other businesses. 

I wish to thank all other local Mayfair businesses for all their compassion and generosity with this cause. We all have or know someone with an addiction, and this benefit on Jan 8 will help one family help their loved one get the treatment they deserve. Know that if you need a helping hand, Marinuccis is NOT the place to go. Thanks again for other local Mayfair businesses who helped make our mission a success.
Was in charge of providing hoagies for the Super Bowl Party...was going to drive down to White House Subs.. but decided to research the NE Philly locations... looking at the reviews and photos, I decided to try Marinucci's... and I was NOT disappointed...bought 2-24" and 1-12"... Italian, Turkey and American...the hoagies were a huge hit... size, taste, fullness of meats, not one negative... they were great! Staff at Marinucci's were nice & polite... 
prices were more than fair, for the amount of sandwich you received... highly recommend them if you're hungry for a great tasting hoagie... I will certainly be back...
I want to give this place 5 stars, but I can't for two main reasons:

1.   Their default hoagie roll is trash.   Shouldn't even be considered for one.  Sops up any and all mayo and dried the sandwich out.    Way too chewy at times (pause) and isn't good at all.  The seeded roll is great, but a $1.00 more to get decent bread for a $8-$10 hoagie?   Greed at this point. 

2.   Speaking of more greed, is the point of charging for peppers (sweet & hot!) just for more money or to discourage adding pickles and pickles to the sandwich, I dunno, but it's odd for once again, a $8-$10 hoagie.


With all of this being said, I still go there because their hoagies are really good, but do yourself a favor and go on off days and call ahead, trust me.
The best place on Philly for HOAGIES
THE MEATS ARE SO FRESH AND SO IS the rolls.
Been gone there for over 10 years.The only place for HOAGIES.
Best hoagies in Northeast Philly...worth the trip from Bustelton !
OK so my husband is constantly talking this place up! He is always talking about how huge the hoagies are and how no one can finish a half because of their gigantic stature. So I finally gave in and went there one day for lunch. I was ordering for myself, my commander and 1SG so i figured OK I'll get a whole and a half. No big deal! Yea I was sadly mistaken. I went into my commanders office with the half and she just looked at me like I was crazy and told me to take half and then I informed her that is a half I have the other on my desk in the office! This is all after I drove to Marinucci's and picked up the food and almost re-injured my still healing shoulder because I seriously was not expecting these hoagies to weigh as much as they did. The bread is great and the cold cuts are just as good. They have truly perfected the art of hoagie making in the area. I don't think any of us in my office that day finished off the food and I can only speak for myself but I was so full I didn't even care for dinner that night. If the opportunity arises again to go and pick up lunch I will definitely return to Marinucci's their Italian was just that good and I'll be sure to just get a half and hand off half of my half to someone else. Lesson learned but it was a delicious lesson to say the least!
Absolutely delicious food! Great neighborhood owners. Consistent, always what you are looking for, best hoagie by far!
Was going through my old reviews, and saw my 4-star for Marinuccis, and wanted to right that wrong. My one and ONLY knock on "Nuci's was that the building was small and claustrophobic. Well, since my review, they have actually updated the store, and made things a little nicer and open. (As open as they can anyway; it's not a dine in spot, so how much room do you need?) What's even more, is that I've NEVER had a even slightly unpleasant dining experience eating here. Their hoagies are the gold standard, and it's not even really close. 

Marinucci's is the Hoagie King, and the 5 stars are well deserved.
Was just introduced by a co-worker... How have I never known about this place?!?  Best cold hoagie I've ever had. Don't remember the name, but included ham, turkey, roasted peppers, lettuce, tomato, onion... Insane.  Will be back each time I'm hungry in the Northeast.
King of the Northeast !!! Best hoagies period !!! Well worth the drive and it's top notch. Love at first bite !!!
I have not had a Marinucci's hoagie in forever , dude that's crazy what was I thinking they are freakin awesome. I bought 2 hoagies and walked in the house and the kids tore them up, it was like they never eat. This is the place you should take friends and relatives from out of town that ask          " Where do you get a hoagie".
these hoagies are the best in Philly, always packed with meat and fresh! I would recommend them to anyone. You get what you pay for here!
This is a great place for a reasonably priced hoagie with a lot of fresh meat. You order at one counter and pay and pick up at another. I usually go with the classic Italian hoagie and get a side of sweet peppers and pickles, which are extra, which I don't mind, but I dislike that they come in a small plastic baggie which is messy to get them out to put them on my sandwich. Other than that though, this is a nice little local deli who offers great sandwiches. I'll have to come back to try others next time.
Maranuccis is one of the finer delis in the Northeast. The sandwiches are made fresh with the best meats Dietz and Watson and are big and tasty. The shop is kept very clean and the prices are reasonable.
Oh my God GOOD!!!  I think my Italian hoagie was the best I've ever had.  Fresh everything.  High quality meats and cheese, tomatoes that taste like a tomato, perfect amount of finely shredded lettuce and thin sliced onions.  Perfect proportions - nothing fell out to leave a mess.  Very thankful my friend grew up in this area of Philly to bring deliciousness to Burlington County NJ!  Thank you all for taking such pride in what you do.
It's Marinucci's!  Thee Best Subs in Philly (or anywhere for that matter)!   What more needs to be said?
Best hoagies in the city hands down.

The freshest ingredients sliced to order.
I came in as they were cleaning up for the night over the weekend.

I watched the guy clean and vacuum out every crumb in the roll bin.
Do you think your deli does this?
No way.....

The sandwiches are always consistent and delicious.
They never vary based on the employee they are all great.
A Philly goal of mine is to always have a good hoagie spot in every part of the city just in case I need it. Marinucci's is my NE one for sure! Love the good customer service. When I looked in the back there were like 10 people rolling out hoagies and making sure orders were pushing through. That's what I'm talkin bout! The inside has your usual corner store gems: tastykakes, chips, iced tea, etc. Parking may be dicey but it's a residential area so you should be okay. I'll definitely be back!
Good, good stuff! Can't go wrong. They're the Greenmans of the 90's and North Catholic Alum!! Can't go wrong there. Onward, onward!!!
