I work in the area of the restaurant and never visited Marmont until recently!  After going to the theatre in the area we made reservations to go to Marmont for dinner!
 
This is a non-traditional steakhouse for sure, so I didn't feel confident going that route and didn't order steak...so I decided to try to mussels as an appetizer and pork chop for entree!  I admit both dishes were well prepared!

My Boo had the calamari and the stuffed tilapia-he enjoyed both as well!

I had a few cocktails and they were executed just the way I like them!  

I would return to sample other dishes!
As cities evolve and change over time so does the restaurant scene.  These folks bill themselves as the only steakhouse in Olde City.  While that may be technically true it doesn't mean anything for two reasons.  First, there are several steakhouses within walking distance and of course many others in the city.  Philly is well known as a steakhouse town.  Second, the steakhouse scene has raced by these folks and left them in the dust.  

If I'm discussing the finer steakhouses in town these guys aren't even on my list.  Union Trust, B&S, Davio's, Capital Grill etc. are all better establishments.  And there are others.  Don't get me wrong, you can have an OK steak here.  You'll pay almost as much as the finer places and eat your OK steak in a much lesser atmosphere.  

If you're a carnivore looking for dinner and willing to pay serious $$$ for a serious slab of meat, go elsewhere.  One positive worth mentioning is they put together a decent lunch.
When visiting Marmont, take all of your previous expectations of a steakhouse and throw them out the door. A restaurant that serves steak is more like it; I'm being kind in not calling it a dive bar steakhouse. 

Back in September of 2017 Center City Restaurant Week decided to run 10 days rather than two weeks crushing my Butcher and Singer dreams. Marmont to the rescue, as they were extending their restaurant week and could accommodate challenging eaters in my group. Even with this extension and a prime dining time, the restaurant was fairly empty during my visit.

I've already touched on the decor but to reiterate, it looked like your typical Old City bar/pub. The TV at the bar was playing sports, the tables were booth/table hybrids and they were pretty close together. The bathrooms were downstairs, and while not dirty, had that Old City dive bar feel.

Our server seemed very professional and polite, but wasn't able to deliver. I ordered a Marmont salad and got a Caesar. Someone else ordered the Marmont without cheese, but got cheese in it. Not sure if it was a kitchen issue or input issue, but it didn't reflect well as a whole.

As for the rest of the food, I started with the crab bisque. The flavor and creamy consistency was good, but I didn't enjoy having to eat around pieces of shell. There was no bread for the table. I really need to stop comparing this place to a steakhouse. 

I'm glad I ended up with a Caesar salad- the poppy dressing in the Marmont tasted mustardy. The Caesar was so basic and doused in dressing; unimpressive. I also had half of the baked Brie. It had a nice flaky crust and tasty raisins, but I had trouble identifying the Brie in each bite.

For my entree I ordered the NY Strip steak. It was a perfect medium rare and limited fatty pieces. I'm usually a filet girl so it's hard to make comparisons but I was happy with this meat. Unlike recent Barclay Prime experiences, this won't leave lasting memories and flavorful flashbacks.

Since it was restaurant week, the meal came with dessert. The chocolate cake tasted straight out of the box. It was dry with a redeeming chocolate frosting, in the guilty pleasure sense of frosting alone. I did try the bread pudding which was pretty tasty. It's not something I'd normally eat so it's hard to make comparisons, but it came out warm with cinnamon and raisins.

From my seat I could see the open kitchen. Several times I could see some flames. I don't work in a restaurant so don't know if that's normal but it was distracting.

If they didn't call themselves a steakhouse, I probably would've come in with a different mindset. The experience and food spoke for itself though. While normally not as expensive as a steakhouse, especially not during rweek, I'd probably save money and calories for the real thing.
Awesome place to dine, people-watch, enjoy friends, and have a good time.  We came here on a pre-theatre schedule and so informed the waitress.  Despite the time constraints, the entire staff was superb, ensuring we left fully satisfied and on time for the Arden Theatre performance. 

Marmont is located smack in the middle of Old City and a stone's throw away from the historic mall where the nation's founding took place.  So its placement is enviable for strollers, movie and theatre goers and the like.

Entering the restaurant, our reservations were honored on the spot and we were quickly seated, with a plate of fried calamari ready at the table in what seemed seconds.  Superb.  The filet mignon was fork-tender and cooked just-so-right.  And the surf and turf was spectacular.  We accompanied the occasion with a pinot and bread pudding towards the end, finishing up with double espressos so we would not fall asleep at the performance from the carb sugar low...

Memorable dinner.  We will be back.
So first thing is first, I'm from Texas and I know my steak. So we begin, it was a Thursday night and we were looking for Macs Tavern after a few rolls with the slot machines at Sugar house. At first it seemed we were settling for a hole in the wall average food place. Boy was I surprised, the interior is old and rustic and cool. A bit dark and had a jazz band playing some mainstream tunes, a bit of this and that. 
The server was very nice, unfortunately forgot her name but I think she was the only one working so she knows who she is, and THANKS! 
Caesar salad to start, was good and crisp. 
I had the 14 oz rib eye and thats my benchmark steak for any steak restaurant, I got it exactly as I ordered and my best friend got an 8oz steak filet with the most amazing lobster tail ever, I must have eaten more than half of it, it was my pre-bday dinner! I got the side of mashed potatoes although I prefer them a bit lumpier and less smoochy the flavor was delicate. 
We followed dinner with a delicious bread pudding that was in one word AWESOME. It was firm and again not as I am used to but wow, it worked so well. Best experience dining wise in Philadelphia!
Boyfriend and I had a great meal here yesterday! My boyfriend told me he's sick of the "hipster crap" I force him to eat, so he picked this joint. The menu appealed to him since it is very straight forward and predictable, but still interesting. 
The vibe was cooler than I expected. It seemed more like a cool bar than a steak house, which I appreciated. It was nice for a romantic, trendy night out. 
We started by sharing a crab cake and crab bisque.  Even though the crab cake was fried it was delicious, and served with a really interesting salad that I loved. The bisque was perfect.
Boyfriend got a ribeye that was like 22 ounces I think. He absolutely loved it and finished every bite. I ordered a New York strip with cheese, mushrooms, and a demi glaze sauce which was on special. It was absolutely fabulous. I ordered veggie kabobs on the side which I highly recommend as well. 
As far as drinks go, I highly recommend the smartini. It tasted like candy and went down very smooth, but was still wonderfully potent. My boyfriend got a drink called the evil genius which tasted very strongly of whiskey. He liked it but there's no way I could have drank one. 
For dessert we shared creme brûlée and bread pudding. The bread pudding was the stand out for sure. It featured raisins and a delicious caramel sauce.  Highly recommended!
I should mention as well that our waitress was on point the whole night.  She was very friendly and efficient.
All of this deliciousness definitely cost us...before a tip the bill was $193. But we got a lot for our money and loved every bite of it. We both highly recommend is spot for a nice date night, and we'll definitely be back.
Came here for restaurant week with a very large, loud group of coworkers and we all enjoyed it!  I was a little skeptical because of some of the lower rated reviews, but I have to say, my experience was nothing but great, which is especially unusual for restaurant week when crowds are aplenty and prices go down.

The atmosphere is great - very lowlit and trendy and without being pretentious with white linen tablecloths like some of the more expensive/higher end steakhouses in the city.  Believe it or not, our experience at Marmont FAR exceeded our experience at Butcher & Singer.  (P.S. Did this used to be Red Sky?  The low lighting and arrangement of the place would indicate so).

4 courses for $35 was as follows and not one course disappointed:

Starter soup: Crab Bisque.  I usually hate cream-based soups so I eased my way into this.  Before I knew it, my bowl was gone and I was scraping at the sides for more.  It was creamy, flavorful and delectable.

Appetizer: Fried calamari.  Came in a HEFTY portion for restaurant week and was on point.  Calamari was crispy, not chewy, seasoned well, and that marinara sauce was the bomb.  I've had better in the city, but I was still very pleased.

Entree:  12 oz. NY Strip, requested medium rare.  Actually came out medium rare, which is awesome, and the char/grill/seasoning on the outside was bangin'.  Super flavorful and juicy.  Those chive/garlic mashed potatoes were heavenly.

Dessert: Bread pudding.  It came in a little ramekin and had raisins in it and was butterscotchy and caramely and crunchy and soft all at once - super delish.

Alcohol was pricey (we were treating ourselves, so I didn't care, but I was still like woops, spents more on the wine than I did on the food!  So a $35 per person came to $85 after all was said and done).  Deff worth it though since they had a really expansive wine list and our server was knowledgeable about the wines based on my preference.

Speaking of our server, she was AMAZING!  I wish I can remember her name and give her a shout-out (she was tall and had long hair, if that helps).  Not only was she SO friendly and patient with our 8 person party, but water was always refilled and we never had to flag her down once for more wine. Seriously, she made the experience that much better.

I will 100% return here if I want fancy steakhouse quality without having to dress up in fancy steakhouse attire.  Sometimes I wanna eat my steaks with jeans on, nah mean?
My husband and I passed by Marmont on our way to meet up with friends, and after walking up and down Market, we decided to go back and check this place out.  I'm SO glad we did!  We decided to eat lighter, so we each ordered an appetizer and salads.  I ordered the Baked Brie appetizer and my husband ordered the Crispy Chicken Bites.  Both were outstanding.  The baked brie was phenomenal, and the Crispy Chicken Bites were crispy outside, but so moist on the inside!  For the salads, we ordered the Marmont Salad with shrimp for myself, and my Italian sweetie ordered the Tomato and Mozzarella salad.  We chose to dine in, and I must say that the lighting was romantic, yet you could still see your food well :) That to me is always a plus!  I always try new martini's while out and about, and I must say, that Marmont has the best chocolate martini I've had in a long time.  It's called the Silky Sexual Chocolate Martini, delish if I do say so myself.  The Caramel Vodkiado is a new favorite of mine as well, something I'd never had before, but will have every time I go there!

Over all, I give it a 5 for food, 5 for drinks and a 5 for customer service.  The servers are very attentive, and make sure everything is to your liking, or they make it that way double stat!
made a reservation 4 days in advance.  Went 10 minutes early and they didn't have my table until OVER 30 minutes after my reservation.  I spoke to the manager and he basically said, "sorry, that's the restaurant business".  The soups were crappy canned soups.  The appetizers were over fried.  Steaks were average, but the mash potatoes sides were horrible.  Desserts were better at my overnight camp growing up.  YUCK!  We were charged for everything, even though they made us start eating at the bar...since THEY didn't have our table ready.  Managers blamed the waiter, waiter blamed the hostess, and the hostess blamed the waiter. 

I WOULD never eat here again and I WOULD NEVER ENCOURAGE anyone to eat hear.  Do yourself a favor and really read the negative reviews on this restaurant.  They are truly representative.
I wanted to try somewhere new for restaurant week, so when my BF suggested Marmont's Steakhouse I was pretty excited.  Honestly, I've walked by this stretch on Market Street a dozen times and never even noticed there was a steakhouse right there.

Marmont's has a cool vibe and a really interesting interior.  My favorite was the illuminated floor when you first walk in - very cool!  The drink listing was pretty interesting and they had some good craft beers on the list, so we went the beer route.

From the restaurant week menu, we both got the crab bisque, which was awesome.  Big hunks of crab in a delicious bisque.  If this was any indication for the rest of the meal, then we were in for a treat.  For the appetizers, we got the calamari and the cheese steak egg rolls.  I'm not really sure why there were so many compliments on Yelp for the calamari - it was fried beyond recognition.  Literally just tasted like fried batter.  Not a fan.  The cheese steak egg rolls were awesome!  I've had these several places, but Marmont's are the best I had.  So much cheese!  So good!  I highly recommend these.

Moving on to the entrees, I got the NY strip (rare) and he got the ribeye (medium).  Both steaks come out cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Absolutely fantastic!  And the portions were very generous for a restaurant week menu.  The dish came with mashed potatoes that can only be described as complete rubbish.  I just pushed them away and devoured the steak.  We were both really pleased and FULL.

For dessert, we both got the chocolate cake.  He loved it, I thought it was dry.  Whatever - it's a steak house!  I got what I wanted.

I'm not sure I'd go back to Marmont's when it wasn't restaurant week, bc it's a little pricey, but I'd definitely consider going there again if I got some sort of deal or something.  If you haven't been there, I'd suggest checking it out!
My reservation was at 9pm ... Didn't get seated until 9:45pm .... Waitress is not friendly .... Was asked to leave ASAP after we paid cause there was another big party waiting and the manager wanted our table .... 
 
Food wise was okay ....came for restaurant week ... Had the crab bisque .... It bit too sweet ... The potato soup was better .... Egg roll cheese steak was kinda bland and watery and oily .... The calamari was okay ...I had better ones ....the 12 oz steak was good according to my date ...my stuffed talapia with crab was pretty good ... Dessert was bread pudding and chocolate cake which was okay too ... Overall ... I would NOT COmE BaCK ..!!!!
I ventured out of Center City to grab a bite and ended up over in Old City by the waterfront.  I circled the block trying to decide what I wanted to eat and landed on Marmont Steakhouse and bar.  I'm glad I did.  Having had my fill of the Mortons', Ruth's Chris' and Capital Grill steakhouses, I wanted to try something different and new.  I'm happy to say I made a good choice.   

Marmont is a quaint little independently owned restaurant and bar on Market St. in Old City, Philly. The place is relatively small with about 15, maybe 20 tables and an additional 8 to 10 outdoor sidewalk tables.  The feel inside is kind of dark and rustic with old looking refurbished (perhaps) wood benches and booths, with a hip, sleek looking bar in the main room.  The Kitchen is in the back and bathrooms downstairs.  I'm told by the hostess that the upstairs consists of apartments.  The front windows are actually large open shutters that let in fresh air from the street and open the place up nicely with just the right amount of light.

I sat outdoors to have a little people watching with my steak.   As I mentioned, this place does not have the brand name like Morton's or The Palm, but the quality is not far off.    This is important to know because the prices are as steep as one of these places, and everything on the menu is al-la-cart.  

I had the regular rib eye (as opposed to the bone-in rib eye) which was excellently prepared, though it wasn't the best cut of meat.  I had two sides: sautéed asparagus and a baked potato.  Of all the things I could complain about, I can only say the potato was not the best I've had.  But everything else was very good.  

There is a fairly diverse wine menu and a surprisingly eclectic beer menu, with micro brews from Pennsylvania and elsewhere.  I had a few of the Stoudt's Fat Dog stouts from Adamstown, PA.  At 9% abv, it complemented my steak as good as any glass of red.

This place has a nice right feel.  The clientele is everything from tourists, fresh from visiting Independence Hall; business types who--like me--wanted to get away from downtown; and quirky looking locals from the neighborhood. 

For a pretty good steak and a nice night out, you won't be disappointed with Marmont.
Food: 4 stars
Everything else: 2-3 stars

I went here, armed with a Groupon and a hungry, but not terribly picky, boyfriend who loves a good steak. 

The Baked Bried is life-changing. I would come here just to order that. My gourmet cheese steak was also quite good. Boyfriend wasn't quite so impressed with his steak, but it was "okay."

The service was...weird? I made a reservation, but there seemed to be some confusion when we got there about whether the reservation was made. They seated us at the bar and took our orders there (well, the bartender did, and he didn't really seem to know anything about the menu--but why should he, if he's not the waiter?) Eventually, we were put at a table and served there. Like I said, I thought the food was better than average, but towards the end of our meal, there was a DJ playing in the (empty) restaurant. He was terrible. Boyfriend and I may be a little snobby because we are Electronic Dance Music (EDM) fans, but this guy was trying to play Rihanna (bad enough) and then randomly scratching, not in any sort of rhythm. It was like he had just bought the equipment and was trying it out in his garage. Yikes. 

The decor is...confusing. The front half looks like it's trying to be a classy steak place, but the bar is lit up like a club. It's a little bipolar, as far as interior design goes. But whatever, when I go to a restaurant, I'm mostly there for good food, and that's what I got. I can't even remember if we got dessert, so if we did, I guess that part was forgettable. So anyway, I'll be back for that Brie, but maybe not for much else.

They pointed out that my Groupon (which I had bought that day) was expired. That was weird and I didn't know whether that was a Groupon error or something else, but either way, they accepted it, which was nice.
My husband and I came here for restaurant week. Rather than the typical three meal course for restaurant week, Marmont Steakhouse had four courses. We both started with the crab bisque. It was small but was meant as an appetizer rather than a soup course. It did have plenty of crab meat though. Much more than the typical bowl of bisque. For the next course I has the baked brie (my favorite part of the evening) and my husband had the cheesesteak spring rolls. He said they were good but definitely not as good as Continentals. For the main course my husband had a huge 12 ounce steak, which he said had a little fat but overall was juicy, delicious, and huge. I had the lobster ravioli. The ravioli dish was a little bland but not bad...just could have used some additional taste, which is why I requested some parmesan cheese for it. For dessert my husband had the chocolate mousse cake. It was very chocolatey and actually too large for my husband to finish after the other three courses. I finished with the bread pudding. It was very tasty and served hot.

Overall we had an excellent time at Marmont Steakhouse and would consider going back.
Marmont is one of the cheaper steak houses (Steaks @ $31 or less) in town, so if you looking for some place to go and get some meat without spending a ton, this is a good place to go.

I had the NY Strip.  I requested it medium-rare and got what I asked for.  In addition, all of their steaks come with a side and a choice of sauces and meat preparation flavoring.  These are luxuries that are unheard of at some 'finer' steak restaurants.  My date had the fillet mignon medium-well and found that it was slightly overcooked.

I also had the soup special for the night (sweet potato soup with leaks) and it was delicious.  At $9 it was a bit pricey, but it was a special evening out so I didn't mind.

Since our server was so delightful and attentive, we actually looked at the dessert menu and ordered the Molten Chocolate Cake.  It was a delicious chocolate cake with a hot liquid chocolate center and a scoop of vanilla ice cream in top to cool down eat bite.  Be aware (not beware) that this takes 10 minutes to prepare, so order it in advance if you know that you want it.

Watch out on a cold day not to sit near the door as the draft is very noticeable and there is no foyer or curtain to cut back on the cold breeze.  The interior decor is trendy and feels almost at the end of the line for a trend from several years ago: dark fabrics and paint with mirrors on the walls, dim lighting. 

There was a good selection of wines, but there wasn;t any draft beer (only bottles and cans).  The dress code is business casual/urban-chic, although most nights the place has a DJ starting late night, so jeans will start to show up half way through a late dinner.
I am a pretty easy going guy that  has not forgot where I came from. I had an opportunity to give a a little guy a chance....

My first hint was that I walked into an empty restaurant. What really capped it off is that I went to the bathroom and they had no paper towels for me to dry my hands. I am a really liberal guy but I cannot pay even mediocre money for bottom level service so after I ordered a water I walked out
I really wanted to give this place a chance .
We tried this place after buying a deal through travelzoo.com. My boyfriend lives right around the corner, so we have passed it a million times, but it never caught our attention until we saw the deal online. It included two glasses of wine, a shared appetizer and two entrees. My boyfriend and I decided on the fried calamari because it is one of our favorite things to order out. The calamari came with fried jalapenos mixed in (which were awesome), but it wasn't used as a filler. There was plenty of well seasoned and breaded calamari. A lot of places won't include the tentacles, but Marmont did- they are our favorite and they were very tender!

I follow a paleo diet, so this place ended up being perfect for me (yes the breaded calamari was a bit of a cheat....) I had the porkchop which was topped with sauteed apples, onions and BACON! Yum! The chop was very moist. I was dissapointed with their side options of mashed or baked potatoes. All other sides were an upcharge. I got the roasted brussels sprouts with even more BACON! They were amazing and both portions were so big I was able to have a very satisfying lunch the next day. The bf was craving steak and he got the 14 oz strip which was cooked perfectly. He was extremely satisfied!

The service was great! The pricing seemed appropriate even without our deal, although I was a little Dissapointed with how much you had to pay to get some green on your plate ( $9 for my side of brussel sprouts!) We would definately eat here again"
Sandra Sue
Yesterday at 1:35 PM
On April 4th the chef of Marmont Steakhouse went out of his way to have an absolutely delicious steak dinner brought to our daughter in Philadelphia on her birthday. My husband and I live in NY and were able to have her favorite meal created to perfection and transported to her front door. From a beautiful medium rare ribeye to crispy truffle fries accompanied by sautéed spinach in garlic, she dined in style during a world pandemic. Thank you, thank you, Marmont Steakhouse. You truly delivered in more ways than one
Came here with a party of 9 on a Saturday night and both the food and the service were amazing.  I think the majority of us ordered steak and each one was perfectly cooked to order with no complaints.  It is very rare to find a place that can cook meat perfectly and this is it.

I had the pepper crusted strip monte with a mushroom risotto and it was amazing.  I will make sure to return the next time i'm in the area.
A group of friends and I came here for restaurant week. We were drawn to Marmont because they offered 4 courses instead of the usual 3 and they had a 12oz steak for the entree.

We were seated quickly, before our reservation, and our waitress was pretty attentive and made sure our water was always filled.

The soups and appetizers were solid. The only suggestion was that the cheesesteak spring rolls were more like egg rolls and could use more cheese. 

When our steaks came out, 3 of us asked for medium and the other two medium rare. The medium rare steaks were cooked perfectly. However, 2 of the medium steaks were red all the way through, which makes them medium rare. Worried about what people do to food once it gets sent back, we didn't say anything. 

Yelp has a check in offer for a free signature cocktail from 10pm to 2am with any purchas. It states one per person and didn't mention any exclusions. However, when we tried to use it, our waitress said it didn't apply during restaurant week and we didn't push it any further.

During the dessert course, a member of our group looked at the painting on the wall behind the registers and saw a bug. After looking for  moment, we realized it was a cockroach as we saw it scurry all over the wall. Definitely a downer and grossed us all out. 

They started at 4 stars but -1 star for not honoring the yelp checkin and -2 stars for the bug. Overall, we wouldn't come back, just from the bug alone!
What an absolutely delightful experience my mother and I had at Marmont! We decided to go there for dinner before a show at the Arden, and I think it will become our new pre-show dinner spot!

We went on a rainy Tuesday, so it wasn't too crowded. Our waiter (I can't remember his name) was excellent. He started out giving us drink recs- I went for the Gin #9 Cocktail and my mother got the Grapefruit Cosmo. The waiter made the drinks for us and they were delicious. He even gave my mom a few pointers on the Cosmo so she could try to make it at home.

We ordered the mussels for an app and they were huge- could easily be a full meal for one person. For our entrees we split the meatloaf and pork loin, with a side of asparagus. The meat was perfectly cooked and the portions large enough for me to take for lunch the next two days.

We were too full for dessert, but hopefully next time we will save some room!
Restaurant week review only ahead: 
Marmont isn't exactly what I picture when I think steakhouse, its definitely smaller and cozier than say a Ruth's Chris or or Capital Grill, and not quite on the same service level or quality scale, but that doesn't mean the food isn't good.  I have never dined here when its not restaurant week so I cannot really speak to prices but for $35 plus some more for drinks I definitely got my moneys worth.  
They do a 4 course RW menu, and all of the items are generously portioned.  The crab soup is honestly amazing, we were all wowed by it, tons of crab and super creamy.  We tried all of the apps and all were wonderful as well, my favorite was the baked brie but the cheesesteak egg rolls and calamari were also also very very good.  We also tried most of the entrees, the steaks were very flavorful and done well, but again just didn't seem to be as high quality as other places.  The lobster ravioli was some of the best I've had though and my friend absolutely raved about the stuffed tilapia. The desserts were kind of an afterthought, the chocolate cake seemed like a box mix but the bread pudding was gooy and crusty and tasty.  Drinks and wine selection were very large and not too pricey for this kind of place. 
Service was good and friendly.  The bartender was the best though! Very helpful and friendly and he gave great suggestions! Wish I had gotten his name! Ambiance is warm, its smaller than I imagined. 

All in all, is this a really good restaurant? Absolutely.  Is it a good Restaurant Week Deal? Absolutely! Is it a great steak house? Ehh probably not.
I'm not sure why they would call themselves a steakhouse when their steaks are sub par. My friend hosted her brother's surprise bday party here and they reserved half the room. They set up a special prefixed menu for this event. The first course was a choice of the steak spring rolls or the Marmont salad. I am really glad I got the Marmont salad because it was delicious (two stars for that). I really enjoyed the honey poppy seed dressing.  I had a bite of the spring rolls and they were boring. 

For my entree, I 'upgraded' to a Filet Oscar. It definitely wasn't an upgrade. There was barely any crab meat; all i could taste was the asparagus. And of course, they mixed up my filet temperature with another person at the table. Service was slow..as expected with a large party but the server was rude as well. There were choices for a variety of steak sauce choices but they were all salty. We also ordered a side of the mushroom risotto and it was not cooked thoroughly. 

The place turns into a 'club' afterwards and brings in a DJ. That would have been nice if we weren't sitting next to the speakers. 

The only positive note was while deciding on items on the prefixed menu, they gave us the options to naming our specialty drinks, which was cute (Benji's Iced Tea after the Bday boy Ben). 

Not sure I'd ever come back here...especially for steak.
Pleasant interaction with the hostess and bar staff, HOWEVER, restaurant week.. I get it... had a reservation for 7pm... didnt get seated until 805... then after that.. we watched as others.. at least 3 tables who were sat after us.. were address by the wait staff.. and we sat there without anyone speaking to us.. ridiculpus and unacceptable...at 825 we decided it was enough and left... i do not post reviews.. but this was ridiculous...
We came here for restaurant week and unfortunately I was not impressed with it at all. 

I love the ambiance of the place with the dim lighting and candles. Makes it great for date night. However, the space inside is a bit smaller and tables are pretty close together. 

The drinks are really good. I had the White Whiskey Lemonade which was strong and refreshing. I am not a Gin drinker but everyone else in my group loved the Market St. Wino and the Evil Genius was super strong for those looking for more of a punch. 

Moving along to the food. I was actually very disappointed. I ordered the crab bisque which was the favorite part of my meal, so I recommend that. The Cheesesteak Spring Rolls were a bit greasy and lacking flavor. The Calamari was horrible, the batter was not crispy at all. The ribeye which I ordered lacked flavor and was cooked a little more done than what I ordered for a medium steak. 

I left a little disappointed which was unfortunate. I would probably stop by for drinks again but I'm not sure about the food.
Interesting.  All these reviews are based on Marmont as a restaurant and not as a nightspot.  I've been there once, but I had been wanting to check it out for over a year, unable to do so due to my roommate's pseudo-superstitious fear of the number 222, which I thought up until 2 minutes ago was the name of this venue, not Marmont.

We rolled up here at almost midnight, I didn't have anything to eat, so this is only based on the place as a bar/lounge.

FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
The sidewalk is filled with seating, and the inside beckons you with red lights and stylish checkered-tile floor...oh yeah, not to mention attractive females.  My friend and co-worker and I were surprised not only at how many people were there, but how many HOT people were there.  We grabbed some drinks by the bar whilst I nervously eyed a pair of PYT's, clearly not there to meet a handsome 22 y/o, more like a loaded 52 y/o.

THE ATMOSPHERE:
Although I was on a long haitus from hanging in Old City, and even when I was in Old City I was only going to Blue Martini, Cuba Libre, Mad River and The Plough and Stars, I had wanted to explore the chic restaurant/lounges that populated east Market St. for some time.  I could see myself getting inebriated and spacing out, forgetting that I was in 2008 and instead imagining that it was 50 years from now.  While that hallucination is probably better-reserved for Tangerine, which I still have yet to eat/drink at, but have been inside, Marmont was still comfortable and accomodated my need to forget my surroundings.

THE DRINKS:
Drinks were pretty good, no complaints here, either on price or quality.  They are typical high-end bar/lounge prices, and the bartender was attentive and friendly if I remember correctly.  We ordered a few rounds of different shots and drinks, I was pleased.

THE PEOPLE:
As stated before, we were surprised at how many sexy ladies were in attendance, I suppose they might have been friendly enough had I mustered up the courage to go over and say hi, but then again, I wasn't really drawn to anyone specifically.  Just before we left, a few guys and girls came in that weren't what I would have expected of the usual clientelle-- more hood than the others (which isn't necessarily a bad thing in my book, but I did notice it).  I think the crowd could be rather mixed here-- different styles, races, sexual orientations, etc.

THE MUSIC/DANCING:
At first, no one was really dancing, but towards the end of the night, there were a few groups shakin it.  I don't think the layout is particularly conducive to dancing, but people can definately dance in there.  The DJ had a pretty cool digital setup, which he used to play your typical dance remixes of gangsta rap and pop...interestingly enough, however, I requested Alan Braxe's remix of Kelis' Bossy (infinitely better than the original single), and the DJ sounded like he didn't even know who Alan Braxe was...not a good signal to me, but then again, I tend to request tracks that arent jammed down your throat by record labels and radio stations.

THE BOTTOM LINE:
It's pretty nice at night, I think it would be worth checking out again, I doubt I'll try dinner there, but I would definately stop by for a drink or two.
You know a restaurant is amazing when you still think about it like 4 years later! I went there a few years ago because it seemed like it was ht only restaurant open (seriously, every place we passed was closed down. Sad).

The ambiance was great. Dimly lit, just how I like it. Our server was very attentive. We both ordered the rib-eye steak with mashed potatoes and it was UH-MAY-ZING. The steak was perfectly marbled, and cooked to perfection. The potatoes had a great flavor and creamy. We went back the next day and had the same thing. I'm pretty sure our arteries were clogged by the time we left Philly. 

I'm going back to Philly next weekend, and I'm glad to find that Marmont is still open. Because I will definitely be going back.
Below average steakhouse that probably only survives because it's in a big tourist and nightlife area. Ambiance more like a nightclub than a restaurant and only average steaks. You can find discount coupons online, but they are only good if you get there early, around 5:30. The meatloaf is the best thing on the menu, which tells you a lot when the restaurant is supposed to be a steakhouse.
I came upon this place when I needed a quick gluten free meal while my husband indulged at Gluten filled Sonny's down the street. 

Yes, they have a gluten free menu. Whether they've ever trained their staff on it? Don't think so!

I got the steakhouse burger. I was asked if I cheese would have gluten in it... um no. So, I explained to them what had gluten in it. Not the first or the last time, I've had to do it, and happy to oblige, but seriously, train your staff.

The steakhouse burger was supposed to have caramelized onions, mine didn't come with any, I also had to sub the fries for broccolini. The whole meal was delicious. Burger was juicy and tender with great cheese that was just sharp enough, the broccolini was flavored well and tasted great.

Then, I go the bill. $25. They charged me the dinner price for the burger, even though they didn't make it dinner style, and then up-charged me for the broccolini. Seriously?

So, the food was good, the service OK, the price, NOT worth it!
Okay so we wanted a nice date night my boyfriend and I and usually when we go to a NICE dinner we go for steaks. Came across this menu that we both thought we would like and wasn't an arm and a leg for philly. First impression was it looked like a dump and was small. They def can spice up the inside to make it look nicer. Was hesitant until we ordered the food. I got surf and turf with 8 oz filet Mignon and my bf got crab topped filet Mignon Over mashed. Steaks were ala carte and BOMB. The food made it worth it! Bathrooms kinda smelled bad and reminded me of gas stations bathrooms so for that I give it a star less but actual food was great!
I come here often for the food and drinks because they are always good and there's always some new special that's usually pretty good too. Only reason it got 4 instead of 5 stars for me is the service. The bartenders are always amazing but the wait staff?? Nowhere near as good. There are like 2 that were good and nicer, one has dark hair and glasses. But it seems there's always a new waiter that seems to know less about the menu than me lol. If it's just two of you I would sit at the bar. I wouldn't recommend a big crowd here until they get a little more organized service wise. 

Now to the food...the whiskey drinks are amazing to all my whiskey drinkers, the seafood is fresh and they have a few steak options because I always forget they're a steakhouse but I'm just not a big steak eater. My favorite dishes here are the crab bisque, baked brie, seafood Alfredo (special,) lobster ravioli (rest week special,) mussels, crab stuffed tilapia and the bread is fresh with amazing garlic butter. The only thing I tried and didn't like at all was the "gourmet cheesesteak" which had chunks of fatty steak inside a hoagie roll with Cooper cheese. The cheese was the best part lol because the chunks were so big I ended up using my fork and dipping them in ketchup! Lol Sorry but they need to shave that meat this is philly. Everything else is amazing though honestly.
We were impressed with our steaks...my husband ordered the cowboy cut, I had the petite filet mignon cooked to perfection.  We shared the asparagus and of course our dessert cheese cake was amazing.
It's a decent steakhouse in the city. They have a large tv inside and a nice size bar. The mashed potatoes that comes with the meal was tastey. Enjoyed the white whiskey lemonade and the house salad.
In the heart of old town philly where Ben Franklin lived and worked,  our countries creation was hand crafted and where we stood up for our freedoms and house the liberty bell, I stumbled on a GEM.. Marmont Steakhouse. A small causal dining establishment which boasts some wonderful food. I wasnt very hungry as my philly cheese steak was still with me from lunch, but I was really craving a good steak. Boy did I get one. I only ordered the crab bisque and Small New York Strip. The Bisque was really flavorful and almost teetered on a chowder (being thickened with flour) but still rich and creamy and a great seafood flavor. I would recommend it.. next,  the New York Strip. Probably one of the most tender strips I have every had. Char Grilled perfectly (Medium Rare) and seasoned with (what I think is the only needed seasoning for beef) course salt and fresh cracked pepper. Perfect flavoring,  fantastic marbling which leads to full flavor. It was fantastic. Although the atmosphere casual and kinda has a hard life vibe to it, it was still comfortable. The service was just as most, fair. Little to no suggestive selling, just average inquiries "what would you like to drink/eat" the server kept my water glass full but brought no bread. The server didn't know much about the menu as I asked a couple of questions regarding the bisque and about the beef and she had to go ask. Just basic service. That's the main reason why they get 4 stars.

Overall, I would recommend this place for its food. I'll come back and visit again when I'm back in town.
Everything here was excellent! The food was beyond delicious, especially for it to had been a pre-fixed menu. We started with the crab bisque which had really chunky pieces of lump crab meat. Then I had the Marmont salad which was very tasty, the smoked cheese gave an otherwise good salad a very pleasant flavorful burst. Then I had the lobster ravioli, OMG. Can it get any better? The seasonings were perfect! Not too overpowering and def not at all bland (like in many other restaurants). My daughter had the crab stuffed tailspin served on a bed of risotto. That too was very flavorful and the lump crab meat again was a perfect compliment. We ended with desert, she had the chocolate mousse cake and I had the bread pudding with a scoop of ice cream. I didn't want to leave. The food, the service and the staff were awesome. I cannot wait to come back and try their other options!
Please note.  I never write or read yelp.com because I find many of these reviews to be written by people with little to no experience with anything but the end user perspective of the service industry, or have way too much time or their hands and decide to act like a famously paid culinary critic belittling everything with which they come into contact..

With well over a decade of working and enjoying fine dining all over the world, Marmont Steakhouse is bar far one of my favorite menus and experiences.  

Service is knowledgeable and attentive.  Food is top notch, bar none.  Don't ever complain about a restaurant that fills you up with delicious ingredients and reasonable market prices.  If you want to be pampered go get a pedicure.

Recently I took my younger brother (22) and his friends here for a hearty meal.  Family style appetizers, sides, and entrees ranging in origins and tastes were all dismissed belligerently into the Clean Plate Club.  My guests sincerely agreed it was "the best meal of their lives."
I went here with my girlfriend on a Thursday night during Restaurant Week.  We had the steak and cheese spring rolls and fried calamari as appetizers.  I had a Caesar salad after the appetizer.  For dinner we both got the New York strip steak served with mashed potatoes, and for dessert, I got the chocolate cake.  All of the food was delicious.  Our server was also outstanding, returning to the table frequently.

My only complaint about this place would be the table we were seated at.  Since it was just the two of us, they put us at a very small table next to the window.  Throughout the meal, we felt pretty cramped, and there was never enough room for all of the food.  The whole meal I felt like I was going to knock my drink over at any minute.  It was also very cold by the door/window.

Overall, the food was great and made for one of the better values I have had for Restaurant Week.  I would return here.
I came here during my birthday weekend celebration because they noted to have a certain cut of steak on their menu.. when we got there they didn't have it, however they definitely had some delicious food and drink that made the visit truly worth it.  Its a casual spot that's really close to Penn's Landing and serving some high class eats.  One thing to note is there was a big party dining the same time my table of two was but at no point did we feel neglected.  The place is somewhat small inside with a lively bar, and they have outdoor seating as well. We sat inside by the window and ordered some apps and entrees.. the lamb lollipops were tender, cooked and seasoned perfectly. I got a salad which would have been a star however the lettuce lacked any crisp which made it soggy and not enjoyable.. but I got my greens in I guess.  No fear the asparagus was incredibly crisp and actually the star green of the meal... delicious! The ribeye was large with some pretty impressive cross grill lines and we paired with some lobster tails which where fresh and delicious.  The steak was cooked just right was incredibly juicy tasted just as good as it looked.  The was a great meal, oh and of course I had to find out why the bar was so lively.. well their drinks were strong and tasty.  So while I was slightly disappointed with them not having what we went it for, we ended up leaving with a smile being incredibly satisfied. Success!
Visited during Restaurant Week and we had a reservation for a party of 8. Disappointed in the nonchalant disposition and response of the manager when one in the party inquired how long the remaining wait would be when the party was not seated more than 20 min after the stated time. He stated that a reservation time indicated it could be up to at least an hour wait beyond the reservation time, and the party should expect that during Restaurant Week. He did offer for the group to wait at the bar, however there was no available space as it is a small bar/dining area. 

Hmmm...As we were hearing the response from the manager another couple leaving the restaurant stated loudly that those waiting should leave because the "...food sucks. the steaks were beyond fatty, and the manager did not handle their complaint well." That couple continued talking as everyone was now exiting the restaurant about how bad the experience was as another group of 4 left as well that waited for their reservation for almost an hour and both parties went down the street to Revolution House and were seated immediately. Just a very disappointing response.
I came here for lunch following the suggestion of a friend who really knows nothing about good food...which became even more strikingly apparent by the time the first dish had arrived. 

Crab bisque: Exceptionally salty (which I happen to like), flavorful, and well portioned (liquid wise, not crab wise). A canned soup at best, but one you wouldn't mind having if you were really, really hungry. Definitely not worth 8 bucks. 

Filet tip salad: Again, another suggestion from my friend...why I did not foresee how a salad with left-over-from-last-night steak would miss the mark, I just don't know. 
Anyways, the filet was cooked how I ordered it. Mushrooms, tomato, avocado, mustard vinaigrette were good too...but this dish was just all over the place. There was no balance in flavor, the portion size was just ok, and the presentation was sorely lacking. 

Overall, service was decent, food was far from anything great, and I won't be coming back. This lunch was a $30 mistake I could have lived without.
Went here for the first time during restaurant week and can't stop going back. It is definately one of my favorite steak places to go. The prices are reasonable and steaks are always cooked the way I want. The portions are really good too. The salad with the Gouda cheese...ahhh, so good and their calamari is great (definately calamari and not so much breading with a lil bit of calamari)!! Also, they have really good desserts. The bread pudding is to die for. Definitely give this place a try. You won't regret it.
No major complaints about the service, the ambiance, the view. I doubt I'll be suggesting anyone go out of their way to come here though. My NY strip was requested MR and came out the MW side of M. That is pretty much unacceptable in my book considering that I don't often go out looking to pay for steak.. and this is a steakhouse.

On a more positive note, the creme brulee was excellent for dessert, and my friend appeared to enjoy the sauce his mussels came in.
The ceasar salad with salmon is excellent. Salmon is very fresh and the drink specials aren't bad- $3 Coronas!
First things first, it's not a great place for a groups. I don't know if it's cause we had an odd number or such but the table was quite small for 11 people but that's could be our fault as well. I came here for restaurant week and none of the food I ordered was impressive at all. My boyfriend and I were sharing dishes so I was able to try the majority of the dishes listed on the restaurant week menu. We ordered the crab bisque, calamari, marmont salad, the stuffed tilapia, ribeye steak and chocolate cake and bread pudding.
The crab bisque was ok. There was some crab meat but the soup was just too creamy and after a couple bites you did not want to keep slurping it.
The calamari was decent. But if felt like the squid and octopus was not very fresh. 
But it was still tasty.
The marmont salad had way to much dressing and that's pretty much all you could taste. There lack of toppings on this salad. There was 3 small pieces of Gouda cheese and apple slices. I felt like I was eating dressing with salad.
The crab stuffed tilapia was eh. It did not have much flavor and I wasn't a big fan of the the tomato topping. Also the risotto it came with was clumpy and flavorless.
The ribeye was pretty good but the mash potatoes were very salty. My sister also ordered the ny strip steak and hers was cooked improperly and even when her new piece arrived she stated it had no flavor and had to get A1 sauce to compensate. 
Finally dessert. The chocolate cake was stale and crunchy. Who want crunchy cake !?! The bread pudding on the other had was probably the best this I had at this establishment. If it wasn't for the company that's was with me I would have said this dinner was terrible. The food was not great and I don't recommend anyone to try anything except the bread pudding!
My husband and I have been coming here for over 7 years and have only once had a "ok" time, otherwise this restaurant has always been spot on! And although their kitchen and wait staff has turned over a few times in those years, we have found a lovely waitress, Lisa, who has always taken exceptional care us!  I am happy to say that this establishment remains to be one of my favorite.

Items to definitely try: Lamb Lollipops, Filet Oscar, Mussels in Red
Marmont is in a great location in Olde City and it's interesting to see a steak house there.   The atmosphere was pretty casual for a steak house, which I found to be appealing.  The front door barely closes and every table in the front was cold (people were wearing jackets).  However, after a drink you couldn't notice.

The service was okay.  Nothing to complain about but expected a little better for a $200 meal for two.

The drinks were well made and boozy.  The food was a good but nothing extra ordinary.  The steaks both came out medium when we asked for medium rare but the cut of meat was great.  The crab Mac and cheese was really delicious.

The management was not that great.   They refused to let us use a coupon printed off their site with a gift card.  Gift Cards are cash... Not an offer or promotion.   Very unprofessional.

Overall... an average steak house with great drinks in Olde City.
Meh.

The misses and I just came from here a few days ago, and I have to say, I was almost knocked over by the mediocrity. 

Using a Groupon that allowed us to get 1 app, 2 ENTREES (NOT Steak....from the steakhouse....go figure), and 2 glasses of wine, we went for dinner. They required a reservation, although when we went at 7pm, there was literally no one else eating there. We were seated promptly and were met by a very nice waitress (Joan, I believe.) As per the requirements of the Groupon, we presented it to her after being seated, and it almost felt like it had crushed her. She immediately began the up-sale, trying to get us to order an additional appetizer, alcoholic drinks, steaks, etc, etc. I guess she was worried about not getting enough for her tip because of the Groupon (more on this later.)

We were given some bread with an olive oil and balsamic vinegar mixture and ordered the steak springrolls for our app. The oil/balsamic mixture was a nice little switch up from the usual oil/herb mixture thats pretty standard, but the springrolls were like the cheesesteak egg rolls I get from my local Chinese food spot. Again, tasty, but nothing special. I got the Lobster Fra Diavolo for my entree and the misses got the meatloaf. I was "warned" that my dish was described as "spicy," which is right up my alley, but when it arrived, it was only "spicy" if you consider "bland as shit" to be spicy. The entire dish was so underseasoned it hurt. It was a good size portion, and they didn't skimp on the lobster, shrimp or mussels, but jesus was it bland. Her meatloaf was NO better, and was pretty much the same thing; lots of it, but IT was something you didn't want lots of anyway.

So, we finished our dinner and asked for the check. When the check came, obviously all the food was already paid for because of the Groupon, and the comp came to about $74. The waitress had included gratuity, then added sales tax to that, which brought our total up to about $19. The irony of this all is that I consider myself a good tipper, and was planning on giving her MORE than the $13 she gave herself by adding it. SO, she pretty much cost herself $7 in tips by not trusting me to hook her up. Not to mention, I have no idea about the "legality" of adding sales tax to a tip that was added. Whatever....

All in all, it was just BLAH, top to bottom. The place was small, but still spacious, and had an outdoor seating area as well. The decor wasn't overly loud or subdued and was nice but still what you would expect in Philly. Like, the bench was nice, but had cuts in it...lol. The highlight of the meal WAS the service as our waitress WAS very good. But, if good FOOD is what youre after, try somewhere else.
OH MY GOD!
I started off dinner with the Crab Bisque which was amazing! It actually had big pieces of crap in it, something that you usually don't get because many restaurants are cheap when it comes to seafood. I had the Gourmet Cheesesteak sandwich and I think after all the cheesesteak sandwiches I've had in Philly this is by far the best! The sandwich is a mixture of sliced rib eye (very good) and their filet mignon angus beef. They top it with vidalia onions and Cooper American cheese, i seriously dont think anything else will top this. My wife ended up having the Filet Mignon and that was great also. She mentioned, "oh man i forgot to ask for steak sauce" but as soon as she cut into it the steak was so juicy she said it didn't even need any sauce. Also I really recommend the BubbleGum drink, it was a great mixture of alcohols and it was surprisingly very good.
Exceptional quality of steak & high level of service from the wait staff.  Went with lightly seasoned house rib eye.  The chef also pays attention to the side dishes:  mashed potatoes done right and perfectly cooked asparagus (not over done or over seasoned).
Bad from start to finish, which is sad since Marmont came highly recommended. We were a small table - just three of us - and the restaurant was practically empty, but the hostess sat us right next to the stinky bathrooms.

Food: Steaks are in the $30 range, and sides are extra.  Food is plated without care; my fillet was literally dropped in the middle of a big white plate and looked unappetizing.  I ordered the fillet, medium rare, and the mushroom risotto. One of my friends ordered a large steak and baked potato. My other friend had the surf and turf, lobster tail and fillet - medium. She also asked for a baked potato.  Regardless of how we ordered our steaks, everyone received rare. Everyone's baked potatoes were so cold they couldn't melt butter.  My risotto was overcooked - it was a soggy congealed mess.

My friend had the biggest issue with her surf and turf and had to send it all back, potato included.  The lobster tail was tasteless and rubbery.  Her steak was served bleeding rare. When she asked the waiter to fix it, he took it away for a few minutes and returned it no less rare.  Upset and dejected, she ate dinner bread and garlic butter.  

Service: Our unprofessional and absentminded waiter left our drinks empty, a request for more sauce went unanswered, we were overcharged for our drinks ($18 for $11 Chimays), and the checks were all kinds of screwed up.  

Management: Good management can overcome a lot of problems, so we had hope when the manager came over that he would assist my friend who sent back the surf and turf since our waiter was completely inept.  However, that experience was the most disappointing. He had an entirely blase attitude. We had a bad dinning experience? Oh well.

Atmosphere: Overpriced Hipster Applebees.

Price: My meal cost $70.
The quality of the food was good enough but the restaurant week options were overpriced. We made reservations a week in advance and still had to wait an additional 20 minutes. Very cramped and loud. The waitress offered complimentary vegetables for the table and then charged us $9 for a cup of brussel sprouts! The drinks were weak and not worth the prices. I would not recommend this place again.
We were visiting Philly last weekend and arrive in time for a late lunch. It was a pretty day, so we decided to eat outside. It looks very casual on the inside. My brother has eaten there before and said that the food was good. It's conveniently located in Old City and the paddle-bars seem to use this location as a meeting place.

They are very accomodating to gluten-free needs and some items are either gluten free as prepared, or are modified to be gluten free. I decided to go with gluten-free as prepared. I had the Filet Tip Salad (pepper crusted filet mignon tips, mushrooms, red pepper, blue cheese, spring mix, cranberry merlot vinaigrette). It is wonderful!

Boyfriend had the Bacon Cheddar Burger  (applewood smoked bacon, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, and onion). The bacon was a bit stingy, but he really liked it. 

Brother had a large Mac n' Cheese. You can add add crab or chicken to it to make it a meal. It looked really good.

All of the food was great and the portions were plenty. Unfortunately, the service...was...slow. Painfully slow. There were staff members standing around while we waited between tasks that seem simple at other restaurants (like processing the payment). We were one of three occupied tables, so it could not have been caused by overwork.

Fortunately, the food is good enough that I'll try it again.
do not eat here. my husband, two friends and i went out for restaurant week to marmont steakhouse on saturday, january 26, 2013; our experience was horrific.  the four of us ordered the crab bisque soup for our first course, it was cold and we sent it back to be reheated.  my second course was the calamari it was bland, fried too hard and rubbery.  finally two ppl from our party ordered the lobster ravioli for an entree.  it was not lobster ravioli but beef. i asked our waiter and one other waiter to please double check with the chef because this is not lobster, i expressed that i have not eaten beef or pork since 1994, and that it would make me ill. they both came back separately and argued that it was in fact lobster. another party of maybe 6 ppl ordered the lobster ravioli, they had the same problem and sent their dishes back to the kitchen too.  the server finally came over after i'd eaten two of the ravioli to apologize for the kitchens error and telling us that was in fact beef. 
i have been in the bathroom all day with diarrhea from the beef ravioli! the staff was very nonchalant about it and offered an insincere apology.
Marmont will make you become a vegetarian.

I got the filet oscar and crab cakes. 

Starting with the crab cakes, which are tiny considering the price. It is shaped like a ball, however, for whatever reason, mine fell apart before I even had a bite. The minute I broke into it with my fork, it just lost all composure. To be fair, the sauce that accompanied it was really good.

Secondly, the filet oscar. The proportions on that meal is all off. They serve it with more crab meat and asparagus then filet. And the mashed potatoes were dull, right up there with the Hungry man box. The filet tasted as if it had been microwaved. It was cooked medium but maybe reheated?
Three  of us went  for dinner last night , Friday, Emily was our waitress and she is very professional, and friendly. My wife and I had the filet mignon and it was delicious,  cooked to our specific doneness. Pittsburgh for me and medium rare for my wife. The taste and tenderness was amazing. Our friend had the crab cake and she loved it. We also had the roasted veggies,  and asparagus so delicious also. We all had martinis and so tasty. We had little Gus with us so we sat outside and at times it rained a little, we had unbrelles. The rain never kept Emily or the manager from taking care of us.. It a health code only service dogs can go into a restaurant. Marmont is a wonderful restaurant with  delicious food and  with a wonderful staff. We will be back again and again. If you love great food then this is the restaurant to eat at.
No idea why this place shows up on Yelp as having a late night menu? 

Folks do not be confused, even if you book a reservation on open table & even if you look at their nicely done website that posts a late night menu it's a scam!!

The kitchen closes at 11pm, save yourself the hassle & go down the street to the Continental.
Mistake mistake mistake. This place was virtually empty on a Saturday night. There is a reason for that. One of the most bland and mushy burgers that I've ever had and the crab cake was tiny and overpriced. $1.50 extra for BBQ Sauce. 19% gratuity was added in when the bill was only $36... kind of insulting, but I guess they get a lot of drunk people walking out without tipping (for good reason). Awful.
The service was fine and the ambiance was nice. I will say that pound-for-pound you get what you pay for at Marmont, but it might not be what you want. This place proves taht there is such a thing as too much good food. Everything on their menu is absurdly large and the flavors are obscured by the endless portions. There are no small plates available and nothing is really shareable apart from the appetizers which are ridiculously small. We were unhappy that the smallest and least expensive steak on the menu was still huge and $37. My wife ordered a side of asparagus and out came asparagus about the size of whole carrots. None of us could finish any of our meals. It felt like a terrible waste of food and money and we went home feeling gross, wishing we'd gone anywhere else.
been here many times since my first visit back in 2008( my girlfriend at the time loved it). customer service has ALWAYS been top notch, and the food is ALMOST always top notch. Is it the best steak ive had in the city? no. but it is definetly better than most without the extreme prices. i would recommend this place to anyone looking a nice night out at a small steakhouse.
Food good...many other items need improvement.  I am far from a food snob and have eaten at this restaurant several times for dinner.  Each of those times I thought the food was excellent from the bread to the medium rare filet.  I did notice on these previous visits the service lacked a real feeling of attention and the bathroom is in rough shape at best, both cleanliness and the actual finishing of the bathroom (paint, fixtures, etc).

Today I went for lunch and it will be my last trip.  I ordered a diet coke and after taking one sip realized immediately this was not really diet coke.  I usually drink a beer or wine when i eat dinner and I asked the waitress for a water explaining it tasted weird and she responded it was not really diet coke.  Some kind of other cola, who the hell knows.  No biggie even though I don't know why many Philly restaurants like to do this instead of just serving diet coke, they wouldn't dream of doing that with a beer or wine.   Also, I get restaurants want to have an original and non-chain feel and one way they do it is to have paper menus. That's great but mine was wrinkled, had writing, some kind of stain, etc.  If you're not going to change them regularly then bite the bullet and provide clean laminated ones like Chilis or Applebee's.

I ordered a steak with mushrooms explaining I didn't want the frites (how fancy...groan) that come with the lunch steak.  I expected there would be an up charge.

My steak comes and I remind waitress I never received water and enjoyed my steak.  It was well cooked and tasted great.

My bill comes and was shocked, there's my $3 diet coke, that wasn't diet coke, and they charged me $9 for the mushrooms.  Ok...now I think this is a minor substitution for the frites and expected I would pay.  I would have even been on if I had paid the full lunch price for this as a side, which is $6.  Not the $9 I was charged.

In the end just not impressed.  I paid my bill and left.  This will be my last trip to Marmont.  The food is good and honestly a good value, but the other parts if the experience make it a poor choice in my opinion.  I guess the moral of the story is hit one of the better steakhouses and pay an extra $20 if you want an attentive server, the drink you ordered, and a clean bathroom.
Horrible service! Went today based on a previous experience at the bar that was great. I came back for the crab Mac and cheese which as I remembered was pretty decent, and the cheesesteak egg rolls which were great. To make a long story short, they were out of egg rolls this time which was completely out of my servers hands so I understand, but he didn't tell us until 10 mins AFTER we ordered them. Strike 1, but still not a big deal. I ordered the crab Mac and cheese which is an app, he asked if we wanted the small or large portion, I didn't remember it being a question before and it didn't state size options on the menu but I decided to go for the large. Of course 30 minutes later ( I kid you not, it was a half hour) we were brought out Mac and cheese from another server. Not crab Mac, but a large side of Mac. We asked the hostess if this was the crab Mac Bc we didn't taste any crab and she stated, " oh i don't know, I'm sorry I'm just a host". we flagged our server down and he said oh I'm sorry stuttered for a minute and then said he would bring out the side of crab. Another 10 minutes he states here's your crab meat nice and hot, and it was a bowl of COLD lump crabmeat. By this time I almost wanted to rip his head off so I requested a takeout box and the check. He looked at me like he'd never heard of a take out container for a full minute and then finally said he'd be back. Fast forward to a full 15 MINUTES and I finally asked the host to please get a container and the check because I was beyond ready to go. She then went and found our server and he magically appeared with the check and box within a minute. The service was so unbelievably bad that I almost considered leaving an actual tip on customer service instead of cash but I couldn't bring myself to do so. I won't be returning, not only was this server unbelievably bad, but the food that I was expecting and thought I remembered was sub par. We ended up next door at big ass slice.
The ribeye steak and mashed potatoes were fantastic. I would also highly recommend their potato soup or crab bisque. Wonderful!

Waitstaff was friendly and prompt, but I can't comment on the inside of the restaurant as we dined outside. It was a beautiful night and an excellent dinner!
We went on a Friday night during restaurant week . We had a reservation for 930 for a party of 8.. we walk in and it's literally abnormally small especially  for a steakhouse I thought... we arrived on time actually and it was my best friends bday dinner. We arrived and was informed our wait would be 20mins due to (making it 950p) a party of 15 who had a 830 reservation just arriving at 930(our reservation slot) just being seated and ordering.. I thought to my self " well I'm sure it will take more than 20mins before this party would be done". We stand at the bar because even the bar was packed with others waiting for their reservations as well (parties of 2 or 3). We ordered a few drinks and once 10pm hit we asked about our seating. We were informed that it would be another 15mins putting us at 10:15p. We pass 10:15pm and we ask for a manager and we inform him of our wait and inconvenience and he appeared flustered and didn't give much of a relief about our table being ready any time soon. He stated that it's the party fault who ran a hour over their reservation and they thought they would be done quicker. We informed him that maybe they shouldn't have allowed them to be seated due to being a hour late and cutting in to our also big party reservation. 
It appeared to be a birthday dinner for the other reservation which made it even longer. Fast forward we were l seated at a smaller table (not our original table )  it is now 11:00pm and ordered our food. The staff was very apologetic and attentive after knowing how long we waited. The bartender with the glasses and dark hair (don't recall her name) even helped our waiter and tended to our every need.. the food was hot and came out quick.
Their cheesesteak spring rolls were great. I also had them lobster bisque we asked for crackers or bread in which the waiter stated that had mine in the house. Why wouldn't bread be offered or crackers with soups , thumbs down for that. 
The seafood Mac was a disappointment to say the least. It was starchy and thick sauce based with a crumb topping. The noodles and severely thick sauce over powered the seafood. I wanted to like it bad. The Marmount salad was the best part of the courses offered.. loved it . My main course was the lobster ravioli.. not bad but the sauce again was thick and not much flavor.. the dessert was subpar.. the bread pudding appeared ore made and over cooked or reheated too many times due to being the end of the night. The chocolate cake was dry and not sweet.. everyone who had the steak had nothing but great compliments. 
Check in here on the yelp app and you get a free signature cocktail .. thumbs up
the steaks are good, but the weakest entree we ordered.  the filet and steak oscar were very good, but the rack of lamb (tender and delicious) and the coq au vin were better.  

it was a friend's birthday, and based on my note on our open table reservation, they brought out a complimentary slice of chocolate cake, which was so good we ordered another for our party of four.

it is very small, and dim overhead lighting makes it feel a bit cold.  but we had lovely service and excellent food.
This was the best dinner I've had in years! I ordered the 8 oz filet mignon and it was cooked to perfection. I enjoyed the a la carte options which nicely complemented the entree. Our server, Orlando, was simply awesome!
A Groupon discovery.  We used a Groupon special my husband bought a few months ago, tonight on a Saturday. We had reservations for 6:30 and we were seated immediately.  While being shown to our table, I requested a four top and was happily shown to a very nice table.  Immediately they got 5 stars from me for service!!!  My husband and I enjoy sitting next to each other when we can be accommodated and it was a treat tonight.  The restaurant filled up quickly soon after.

The simple decor and lack of warmth are deceiving.  I was surprised that it is a steakhouse with painted black walls throughout with one large metal sign "S & H Green-stamps", (Surely a collectible). Simple wood tables (maybe veneer) and black vinyl  upholstered seating.

The bar looks kind of cheesy but offers top shelf liquor; drinks are pricy, my raspberry Cosmo was $13.50 and my husbands Macallan was $16.25. Pours are exact. 

My fillet was "sensational" and cooked perfectly. A selection of several steak sauces are made to order. My husband had their NY Strip which he finished!  The menu is À la carte - $32.00 for the small fillet, served with the tiniest sprig of parsley.  But no denying meat was delicious!

Recommendations for Marmont Steakhouse and bar, TABLE LINENS ARE A MUST!  The condensation of all our beverages ran off the table right towards our laps.  My husband asked for an extra napkin and placed it under his setting as a place mat. Tablecloths are important, especially at a steak house and definitely at any establishment where the average bill will be over $100.   A candle or flower on the Table will go a long way helping create a comfortable atmosphere!

Random FYI...the restaurant is comfortable and easily accessible for anyone with disabilities.  The rest rooms are down a steep flight of stairs with a banister. The ladies room needs a good ceiling to floor cleaning. ( no amenities again I would expect in keeping with the price of this restaurant)

Our bill was $78 above the $100.00 Groupon voucher, for overage - no coffee or dessert. That included a 18% gratuity automatically added but well worth it.  Very good service.
Went to Marmont Saturday night with my Girlfriend, who was celebrating her 42nd birthday. Had reservations for 7, but didn't need them. The crowd was sparse. 
The hostess had an annoying demeanor about her- sort of condescending, speaking in an unnatural manner as if we were beneath her. 
We were both anxious to try the crab bisque soup, which we read many rave reviews about. We both looked at each other and said "I've had better." When you hear that many glowing reviews and it doesn't live up to the hype, you wonder what planet the other reviewers live on (reminds me of the big disappointment Federal Donuts.)  It was OK. That's all. The best bisque I've had in town, BTW: Seafood Bisque at Bistro Romano, though they rarely seem to have it.
Our main courses were vastly better. I had a New York Strip with a blue cheese butter topping. It was a la carte, so I ordered a side of mashed potatoes for $3 extra- not unreasonable at all. The steak was very good- a good piece of meat. I mixed some of the blue cheese butter with the potatoes, and it was delicious. My GF got the Filet Oscar, which was a filet mignon with crabmeat, asparagus, and hollandaise sauce on the side. She was very pleased with her selection, and ate it all. 
We both commented that, while the bisque was a letdown, the main course made up for it. We would go back to Marmont, though we're not falling over ourselves to do so.
Amazing meal and service!! They serve Certified Angus Beef which is THE BEST!! We had steaks which were cooked to perfection, sides of roasted veggies, amazing. Service over the top!! Drinks delicious! This is one of the hidden gems of Philly! Look forward to returning
Restaurant was recommended by the concierge at the downtown Marriot. We walked all the way there in the cold and almost didn't go in because there was no one inside. Good thing we decided to go in because the medium rare steak I ordered had to be one of the top five steaks I've ever had. They sear the steaks first and then toss them into an oven on a cast iron skillet. I also had a side of brussel sprouts with bacon that was fantastic.

Will likely visit this place again when I return to Philly just for steak.
Sat outside for dinner, as it was a nice enough day.  DH and I shared the large cut of Ribeye, ordered medium rare.  This thick piece of meat came out and was medium rare in some parts and medium in others.  It didn't seem to be a good cut of meat as there were a lot of tough bites.  Flavor was good but just a bit too chewy and tough in many parts.  Side were pretty good though... brussel sprouts, mac&cheese, parmesan fries and mushrooms.  Nothing really wow'd me at all here, so probably would not come back.
Never order from this restaurant unless you want to risk going hungry! My family ordered from them through grubhub in advance for the food to be delivered on Christmas day at 8pm. We received a confirmation that the food was guaranteed to arrive by 8:10pm. No one from the restaurant or grubhub contacted us to let us know there was anything wrong. By 845pm we had all gathered around the dinner table and we're concerned, but decided to wait patiently. We finally got through to grubhub at 9pm and they told us the restaurant was closed the whole day and that we would need to take this up with restaurant management the next day. Marmont had neglected to update their dtatus with grubhub even though they were not open. The grubhub manager sounded confident that Marmont would comp our meal and deliver it the following day free if charge. Now, the following evening after speaking with grubhub and Marmont staff, neither entity feels the need to compensate us as customers who were left without Christmas dinner after ordering it in advance. This is the most despicable way I have ever been treated by a restaurant, and I will surely take my business elsewhere in the future. Maybe Del Friscos next holiday!
The New Year's Eve menu was great. I got the filet Oscar so delish the crab meat was so succulent. My husband got the rack of lamb and the sauce it came in had me licking my fingers. And the red snapper looked great the surf n turf looked great. I loved the mash. The butternut squash soup was fantastic and the calamari was crispy and the sauce was out of this world 
We got the combo which was eat 3 course all u can drink for 180$ it was great everything the Dj was great we saw the fireworks right outside
We love the manager and the staff it was a memorable evening I will be back
I am always skeptical of Restaurant Week... You never know what service or the food will be like but you go in with that in mind... WELL fellow Yelpers.. I must say that I was surprisingly blown away by both! 

We had a reservation for 6 but at the last minute we had another guest join us. When I called the restaurant to make sure it was ok, the gentlemen was more than happy to add one to our reservation.  Upon arrival we headed to the bar to wait for the rest of our group to arrive.  Bar menu was great, they have a lot of bottled beers to choose from...no drafts.. weird..

The food was really good!  For restaurant week I never have my hopes set too high...ist that bad??  I started with the Ceasar Salad, then the Ribeye and for dessert I ordered the Chocolate cake.. Salad was yummy, steak was done to perfection!!  I was not at all pleased with the chocolate cake (i love cake) BUT my friends bread pudding was pretty tasty!  

We will definitely return.  Our server Melissa was really sweet too!
We had the 22 oz rib eye done medium rare.  Caesar Salad with anchovies added, broccolini and mashed potatoes.  The steak was done just right and very flavorful. Loved the mashed potatoes and the broccolini.  Service was very good.  Atmosphere was okay but not special.  We will be back for the steak!
For someone who typically does not eat red meat, Marmont Steakhouse was definitely worth the visit.  Upon entering, we were greeted and welcomed with a smile.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  

Definite must tries include: Latin Mussels, Roasted Rack of Lamb, Filet Mignon, and the Mac n Cheese.  

I will definitely be visiting soon!
I just had my 45th birthday party at Marmont last night and I couldn't have been more pleased. Let me start with booking the event, Dave (the owner) was as easy as pie to work with, he helped me with every little detail. I'm a little picky, but he was patient as could be.

Casey, helped me create a custom martini as the drink special for my party,he concocted a delectable coconut, cherry, lime martini and my guest simply loved them, let me tell you Leah-tini's are delicious! Ask for one.

The food was simply incredible! My guests feasted on three courses of hot appetizers, we had jumbo garlic fried shrimp (to die for!), calamari with jalepenos (crisp, crunchy, full of flavor), steak spring rolls (beefy, cheesy, yummy), cheese fries and Dave was nice enough to add spicy buffalo wings to my party food menu for the night. Some of my guest ordered other items as well, the crab cakes got rave reviews!

The DJ kept us dancing all night with a combination of dance music, pop music and selections from a playlist I gave to Dave, I danced almost the entire night!

Most importantly the staff was the nicest most attentive people ever, the wait staff was always smiling, full of personality and eager to please. The bar staff never had anyone wait longer than a few seconds to place thier drink order. Even the security guard was nice (big dude-I wouldn't mess with him!) but he was very kind and cordial the entire night.

You know you can have great ambiance, food and music but if the staff isn't up to par it can ruin a night. I was so lucky to have these people here catering to my guests.

This was an important birthday for me, Thank you Marmont for making it special.
This was the first place I went for restaurant week and oh my god the food was delicious the space within the restaurant was small but cute
Food was mediocre, service was horrible! We had a reservation however we weren't seated until an hour/hour and a half later.  By the time we finally got our food, the staff started to move the tables and turn the space into a night club, so we literally were eating on the dance floor! We had to yell over the music to have a conversation.  When we asked to speak to the manager, he immediately came to our table with a confrontational attitude and seemed unfazed by our dissatisfaction.  He even yelled at someone else in my party who told him this was unacceptable....
Absolutely horrible, will not be going back!
Went there for restaurant week, I felt like I was being rushed out, we weren't even done our desserts and the waiter brings us the check. I would think for a steak place that they would know how to cook a steak to order but that is not the case. The best part was the dessert. Wish I could say that I would be back but I don't think that is going to happen.
Tried this place on a whim and have been back a few times since.  Hand cut steaks are perfectly prepared to order without the snooty prices of some of the heavy hitter names in Center City.  I've enjoyed a variety of sides, fantastically made cocktails, and a very nicely paired Malbec.  You can eat outside when the weather is nice.  Interior is dim.  Chef and staff have been very friendly.  Try it for lunch on a weekend to get some great food at a lower price!
My husband and I had a voucher to use there. Lucky for us, the restaurant was completely empty on a Wednesday night. Apparently, it is just that way after NYE. I would say the food and ambiance were great and the service was good. 

For an appetizer, we had the pepper crusted filet skewers on french fries. They were really tasty, especially with the horseradish sauce. For entrees, my husband had the crispy ginger salmon with a side of risotto and I had the NY strip with a side of mashed potatoes. The salmon was extremely salty whereas the risotto was a little bland. Both were good enough, but I would expect more. My steak was great with the Port-Wine Demi Glace and the mashed potatoes were perfect. 

The reason I am not giving the full five stars is because of the service. Our waitress was very attentive, but I was a bit miffed that she put a gratuity on there for the two of us. I am sure there are some people who do not tip on the pre-discount price, but I was prepared to give her MORE than the amount she charged us. Additionally, the coffee at the end of my meal tasted like it had been there all day. It was TERRIBLE and I am not even that picky of a coffee drinker. Finally, and this is being nitpicky, I hate it when servers pick up the bill before you are ready to leave. They should wait until you are gone to pick up the signed copy of the credit card bill. It wasn't even 7:00 pm when we were done so it was not like the server was trying to leave ASAP. 

I would recommend people going here for the food and the ambiance. Don't go when it is too cold and windy though. When the door opens, the whole restaurant gets cold for a couple of minutes.
Waitress forgot water after offering. 2 shots of wine for $18! Appearance was good. Food was delicious. Ordered macaroni and crab meat, didnt get the crab meat. After complaining, I got the crab meat but it was only TWO PIECES  of crab meat. 

A few drunk individuals and kids running around.

We got asked to move tables mid meal because they forgot there was a party scheduled.

$122 on a meal for two.
Food was great ... we ordered the surf and turf , filet, cheesesteak egg rolls, and calamari. The service was quick! I will def be coming back to this restaurant !
Restaurant week: crab bisque was ok, a little artificially thick from the flour? , baked brie was good, mashed potatoes were great,  crab stuffed tilapia on risotto was really tasty, prime rib was tasty and didn't need any sauce. Chocolate cake was a little dry and not very rich but the bread pudding tasted fresh. Overall it was worth the $35
Flash rain! Quick just get in the first place you see open! 

Man I wished we didn't come in here. Nothing about our pricey meal yelled flavor to us. But it sure did look good. Too bad for us we can't with only out eyes!  But, I do have a rule. If you finished your plate, then it's ok, life could be worse. When we got the check, I paid it fast. Too little time left tonight to spend it at some mediocre steak house.
First time I ate here was mid july sat at the bar had the mac n cheese and a drink. My friend had lobster and everything was so good. Only problem I had was that they charged my bill to my bestie card and my card smh. Came back for my bday August 8th had the crab bisque which was awesome and the lamb pops was seasoned perfectly. Not to mention the birthday monster margarita was bomb.com.  I would come here to eat every week if I could. The food is awesome :)
I was recommended by my sister to come try this place, not for the steak but the bisque. However, I love steak so I went with a beautiful new york strip with mashed potatoes and asparagus. It was fairly busy when I arrived with my boyfriend and we were sat right next to the window and it was a freezing night, so whenever they opened the door, the breeze would hit us and leave us shivering. We waited a good 20 minutes after we ordered to receive our complimentary bread. It was a few slivers of bread paired with a giant side of garlic butter. It was pretty good and we wanted more as we wait for our entrees which took another 20 minutes to arrive. The mac n cheese was extremely delightful and I would order it again. The asparagus was freaking huge like I never thought that asparagus could grow to such a size and it was paired with melted butter I presume, in which I particularly disliked. I asked for demiglace for my steak and it came out clumpy and cold. I decided to just dip my asparagus in it as I was displeased with their butter sauce. The steak was cooked more than I liked it to be for a medium but nonetheless, it was soft and tender and I enjoyed every bite.
Went here with my roommate for a spur of the moment dinner...and was really nervous with all of the bad reviews. But I was definitely pleasantly surprised! Started out with the crab Mac and cheese (which was okay). My roommate got a steak that was cooked perfectly. I got the crispy salmon with a sesame ginger glaze and it was AWESOME! Been craving it ever since. My white whiskey lemonade was super good as well. Place was pretty empty but got fast, friendly service!!
Great steak dinner, much more reasonably priced than the high-end steakhouses in the city. Steaks were prepared perfectly and service was very good. Bananas Foster dessert was a little crunchy in the sauce, I think it was burnt so that was the only downside to a great meal. I will be back.
This place is always amazing. My favourite restaurant in Philadelphia. The service is always attentive and always knowledgable of the menu. Really relaxing atmosphere and quiet. Just never disappoints. In my opinion the best overall restaurant in the city. A hidden gem.
Service: goofy and aloof and overbearing when clearly we were in heavy convo. We are industry so learn to read you guests. One server seemed like an a-hole bossing everyone around and talking loudly like he was in charge...wish the girl was our server..she was the only one who cleared out table.

Cocktail list: a joke...fireball old fashion? Bubble gum anything?

Ambience: are you a club? Are you a restaurant?

Food: just okay, bland Caesar, fishy mashed potatoes, broccolini cold

Steak: amazing. Grill cook should get a raise...he got you to three stars...would have been one...
Marmont is an alright restaurant & steakhouse, albeit one I doubt I'll be returning to again.

The food is fine, not at all spectacular, but certainly not terrible.
I'm having a difficult time trying to piece together a really god review of the place, but it was just that average and forgettable I suppose.
My crab bisque was one of the tastier items I tried that evening, creamy & flavorful, with decent crab.
I ordered pepper crusted steak tips, cooked medium-rare.  In my opinion it came back to me closer to medium...had I known how little pink would be in my steak, I would have ordered it rare.  There was definitely too much pepper crusting the steak as well.  It was certainly overwhelming.  The steak came with awesome sweet potato shoestring fries though.  Very yum.
Service had been slow, so I wasn't interested in dessert.  I'm not blaming the poor service on the server though, as it looked like he was the only server in the entire restaurant at the time.
For one of my drinks I ordered a Kir Royal, which they claim to be champagne & chambord, but I'll be damned if there was a drop of chambord in my drink - seemed more like pineapple juice or something.
My boyfriend & I had eaten here once before, a couple years back.  The thing I remember about that meal was that they cooked each of steaks completely wrong.  They actually had to take  the steaks back and start over again.
I had the crab bisque for my starter, that was great! Lump crab and that flavor was perfect. In addition I had the Marmont salad with chicken. My second time there and just as good as the first.
Stopped in after catching a theater show in Old City. My wife and I used to live in Old City, so we are familiar with a lot of the places in the area. The staff is friendly, and the hostess was nice. 

But the food was pretty plain. I had the Chicken Avocado Sandwich -- an unflavored (and with plenty of sinew, gotta trim those chicken breasts folks) chicken sandwich which was grilled, then someone threw on three slices of avocado and a pinch of spring salad mix with a piece of cheese BOOM sandwich. It was boring. 

My daughter had the Provencal mussels. Now, I do not know who thought up the menu, but when you call something "Provencal" that usually means you use Herbs de Provence -- savory, marjoram, rosemary, thyme, oregano, etc. But nope. Provencal, to Marmont, means bacon, red sauce, bell peppers, and "herbs," which all I could detect that was herbal was some pepper. The mussels were disappointing and we left half in the bowl because they tasted fishy. 

My wife had the cheesesteak, which I do have to say was pretty good. But, it's sorta hard to screw up a cheesesteak. 

Overall, this was not a place where I would be dying to go again. it is like so many other places in Old City. Nothing unique, it will probably go under eventually.
Almost walked by until the hostess asked us to check out the menu. Since we were not very hungry we went in to sit at the bar and have an appetizer. The menu looked good so we tried the pork chop. WOW. It was cooked perfect very flavorful. The side of potatoes were also good. Bartender Lisa was very friendly. We were only in town for one day otherwise we would go back !
I've been here a couple of times, once sitting outside in the warmer weather and most recently with a large party inside.
Both times we experienced decent service and good food.  Servers and bartenders were attentive and friendly.  Steaks cooked as ordered and a decent wine list to complement.  Will definately go back!
My husband and I found this place as we were wandering down market street for a place to eat. Marmont is a cozy steakhouse with fantastic food, always perfectly prepared, and a divine and ever-changing wine list. We eat here at least once a month, and like clockwork my husband orders the 10 oz filet with their delicious port wine demi glace and I order the rack of lamb. Never once have we had to send back our food due to preparation or dislike. The servers are always extremely attentive and very nice!! Recently they have began a Four Course Wine Tasting dinner on Monday nights... For only $45 you get 4 glasses of wine that are perfectly paired with your course selections. What a great deal and the food selections are fantastic!! Needless to say we love this place!
We went here for restaurant week and the food was amazing! The potato soup and the pork chop was the best part of the meal. I definitely recommend both. And for those of you who like mushroom please order their sauteed mushrooms. They were the BEST mushrooms I have ever had!!
My foodie seances were going off that I should not go to this place when we were wrangled into the place from the street with a very hard sell.  However, despite my  better judgement we decided to dine during restaurant week. I understand the challenges of restaurant week for a foodie but this experience was horrible.  

We all started with the crab bisque.  The taste of the bisque was good creamy a hint of sherry it was nice.  The odd thing was each cup was filled to a different level.  Which I normally wouldn't notice but for 2 reasons.  First of all it was very noticeable, and second my cup was the least filled.  Had the entire meal been at this level I would have been giving this place 4 stars.  However it was straight downhill from there.

Second I got the calamari and it was crispy and actually not terrible.  However the deep fried jalapenos were a bit much.  However my dining companions got a wilted salad, and a baked brie stuffed with jam and arugula.  The Brie was marginal and the salad was (as I said) was wilted.  

Third we got entree and this was almost the most disturbing part of the meal.  So I ordered my steak extra rare and it was.  However the mashed potatoes were clearly from a box and were cold.  Not just room temp but down right cold.  So the steak we ok not very flavorful but cooked right but the potatoes were instant potatoes and were cold.  

My dining partners got the seafood ravioli and the crab stuffed fish.  the seafood ravioli was also cold.  As my dining partners said it tasted like it was out of a chef boy ardee can that hadnt been heated.  

The crab stuffed fish.  The crab meat was the consistency of crab from a bumble bee can and smelled fishy.  GROSS And the broccoli-rave was way over cooked and inedible.  

Finally we got the dessert.  I got bread pudding and it tasted like croutons soaked in sugar syrup and baked.  It wasnt soft and pudding like it was crunchy hard and stale.  However the chocolate cake was not terrible.  the Buttercream frosting was tasty and the cake was moist.

Finally the service.  Our server was attentive friendly and helpful.  She was a bit over bearing but generally helpful and nice. 

I would not go here and I would not recommend it to anyone.
My dad and I came here after vising a few other nearby restaurants that were filled, as we didn't have the foresight to make a dinner reservation. The hostess (who doubled as our waitress) was extremely peppy and happy, but the service in general was pretty slow--we waited almost 40 minutes before our orders were taken. 

I ordered mussels as an appetizer, and was already full from the generous heaping + delicious bread for the table. The mussel sauce was so good that I dipped in extra bread to taste all of it (however, the house-made garlic butter is also delicious, as well.) For my entree, I ordered the salmon (probably a bad bet at a steakhouse, but I was all meat-ed out from a previous lunch at Fogo), and barely touched it. Not only did it taste....like nothing...but the top and bottom was somewhat burned--not tastefully charred, but burned. The vegetables that were on the bottom were also ruined by the taste of the salmon--somehow they seemed both too salty and too sweet at the same time.
