Ever since leaving Morocco I've been dreaming about heading back here and bringing the family along; to kind of relive our time there. 

I feel this is one of the most authentic Moroccan experiences you can get in the states, and definitely in Philly! 

I don't believe it's for everyone however. I feel people either love it or hate it. One of the things people don't like is eating with their hands, which I happen to think is super fun, especially with a group. (I know my kids will get a kick out of this!).

The thing I have to agree with as a negative is it can be a tad stuffy and a bit humid upstairs, but so can Morocco. To me it only makes it more of a true experience. Dress in layers here! 

Reasons why I love it: 
-It's so cheap!! $25 a person! For 7 courses I believe! 

-It's a blast with a large party!! 

-They cater well to dietary restrictions. There is an option for plant-based folks and it's freaking delicious! 

-It's BYO! Yay!

-It's decorated with traditional textiles, rugs and lamps from the country, and it's all so gorgeous! 

I can only speak for the vegetarian option, and it's sooooo good!! I enjoyed...

-A lovely plate of hummus with veggies served with plenty of warmed, thin pita.

-A plate of grilled veggies and salads with unbelievably tasty eggplant dish and a standard cucumber salad 

-A traditional sweet and savory pastry dish called B'stella with nuts (I do believe this one had egg though and veg-heads, make sure to ask for the meat-free version! There IS one!) 

-Flavorful cous cous with roasted veggies, chickpeas and raisins. 

-A barley dish with stuffed grape leaves. 

-fresh whole fruit and baklava for dessert! YUM!!! 

The meat options include lamb, chicken and beef kabobs, if I'm not mistaken. 

I feel everyone in Philly should at least try a dinner here once. It's more than a meal, it's an experience! And to top it off, there's belly dancing on the weekends!! 

It's an incredibly good time! Make reservations though, it's on the small side. 

Parking nearby isn't the easiest. If you're a city dweller, Uber will be your friend.
I've come here several times over the years, and I've always had a good time with friends and family.  Eating with your hands and having great conversation in an intimate setting of a dimly lit room with fabric all over the place is just cool.

The food has been consistently good and it is the same choices and courses over time.  The vegetable platter of eggplant, cucumbers/tomatoes, and carrots has to be my absolute favorite.  The pastry filled with chicken is savory and sweet with the powdered sugar on top.  Watch your fingers for the temperature burn!  The chicken is better than a rotisserie chicken, and you can get spicy or not.  They will bring the spice on the side for you if desired, and it's nice to dip if you like the spice!  Then, lamb  (meat on a plate with honey and almonds) or beef kebabs, or you can get a 1/2 and 1/2 if you want.  We did, and the lamb is always tender and the beef kebab filling.  Couscous with fresh fruit is kind of bland, and then there is hot mint tea which is a nice sugar rush, and baklava which I always skip because I'm usually too full, and I'm just not a fan of it.

Marrakesh is a BYOB, and we have actually brought and killed multiple bottles of Moroccan wine - Ouled Thaleb ($17 at the State Stores) which is a blended red which goes well throughout the meal.  No corkage charges and they'll get rid of your empty bottles!  I think our group of eight killed at least eight bottles.

About every 45 minutes, when the music gets turned up and pretty much too loud, you get to be dazzled by the belly dancer making her way throughout the restaurant.  You know she's getting close when the ting-ting-ting of her finger cymbals are getting loud.  Maybe you'll get to dance with her, or convince your drunk friend to.  It's amusing to watch.  

Marrakesh's service is mostly spot-on as they have been doing this for a long time.  But, sometimes it can be slow.  The pita bread can be cold and a bit stale.  It is also cash only.

Parking can be a PITA, but our group last time had a lot of fun getting back to the car walking on South Street and remembering old days.

Highly recommended.
Marrakesh is a total package dining experience. Not only do you get to eat authentic Moroccan cuisine, you get to enjoy a cultural experience as well. 

You may have walked past Marrakesh or the surrounding streets many times without even realizing it was there, like I had prior to this visit. It's nestled on Leithgow Street just a notch off of South Street. Forget South Street or even the rest of Philadelphia for that matter. You are about to step into a different world. To enter you must ring the doorbell on the side door. 

I felt more like I was going to a house, than a restaurant; especially with the shower located in the restroom on the second floor. During my entire visit, I never felt like I was at a restaurant. I felt comfortable and relaxed. Maybe eating with your hands with a towel on your lap has that effect. 

I found my group of fellow Yelpers in a cozy private room.  The room had four tables with booth seating along the outskirts of the room. Ottoman like chairs took up the rest of the space for the rest of us. With such a large group in not the largest of spaces, it got loud.

Our meal started with customary hand-washing and we were even entertained twice with a belly dancer. After placing our order, the food kept flowing. The service was probably the most unobtrusive service I've ever had. As one dish was placed in front of us, another was seamlessly removed. I felt like royalty or at least someone enjoying a nice meal at someone's dinner party. The regular dining formalities I'm used to were thrown out the window, and it was fantastic! 

As I'm sure you're aware, this $25 prix fixe menu has seven courses and you are welcome to BYOB. While it was a ton of food, I walked in the door absolutely starving and walked out not overly stuffed. I believe most people left absolutely full, so maybe the tip is to come in extremely hungry. Here's a little rundown of dining experience:

Course 1: Three-Salad Platter- The eggplant is phenomenal (and messy). Luckily you have some assistance from the pita to eat it. The cucumbers and bell peppers and carrots and cucumber were good, but the eggplant stole the show. 

Course 2: The B'stella- As someone who doesn't normally love sweets but loves cinnamon, carbs and meat, this dish was a winner. This dish was dough filled with chicken, nuts, almonds, egg, peppers and onions. It was really hot at first, but once you cracked open the shell and let it cool down, it was easier to eat. I had some pita saved from the first course, so I found it easy to break off a piece and rest it on the pita while it cooled down. Truly a sweet-savory delight. 

Course 3: Chicken- So here's where the choices began. You can either get chicken with lemon or spicy chicken. My group opted to get the spicy chicken with the cumin sauce on the side. The chicken was melt in your hands and then melt in your mouth good. The spicy sauce had a nice kick without being overly spicy to me. I still had some pita leftover so I did a little dipping with the sauce. 

Course 4: Beef or Lamb- My table got a little creative here and asked for half portions of both the beef and lamb. The beef was served shish kebab style, and to be honest, not my favorite. It was a little well done, and I struggled a little to get it off the stick resulting in a pepper flying into my husband's wine glass. Sauvignon blanc tastes best with a little pepper anyways, right? The lamb was perfect. Even the non-lamb eaters thought it was delicious. It was tender and took on the flavor of the chick peas and onions without having an overwhelming lamb flavor. 

Course 5: Couscous with veggies, chick peas and raisins- This was probably my least favorite dish from the main meal. It was a little blander than other couscous dishes I've tried in the past. I would have been disappointed if this was the only thing I ordered, but everything was a hit thus far in the evening. They did give us spoons at this point, so don't worry about eating the little grains with your hands.

Courses 6 & 7: Dessert- I'm assuming the tea, fruit and pastries count as the sixth and seventh courses. At this point in the evening, my bottle of wine had been consumed and I wasn't counting the dishes, and am making this assumption while referencing the menu. I'm not a tea fan so I passed. The pastries were little crisp triangles that reminded me of baklava. The fruit came out frozen was a little hard to eat. I nibbled on a strawberry and took a banana for the road since the majority of the group passed on the fruit. Perhaps the fruit was customary, but I thought a little unnecessary. If it's part of the traditional meal then no harm, no foul.  

To sum it up, I had delicious food and hours of fun. It's an experience not to be missed in Philadelphia, especially if you go with an adventurous group of friends. While I couldn't imagine going to Marrakesh every Friday night, I can definitely pick a handful of occasions that would be a perfect fit.
Terrific food, comfortable setting, and private rooms for large parties. We came in for a large party and really enjoyed the fixed menu.

Started with three salads: the cucumber, the carrot, and the eggplant.  Whether or not you like eggplant is irrelevant.  The eggplant was amazing.  It had a deep smokey flavor to it, an earthy flavor.  I could eat bowls and bowls of this and it was definitely the best thing that I ate that night.  It is probably one of the best things that I've eaten in a long time.   The carrot salad and the cucumber salads were also very good and paired well with the pita.

Bastilla: Egg pastry with rice (I think) and spices.  It was delicious, moist (sorry), sweet, and warm.  This is comfort food and should not be missed.

The chicken very flavorful, cooked perfectly, and the spicy sauce should always be utilized.  I appreciated having a couple of whole chickens to share with the table.

The Couscous was a little dry for my taste and lacked some of the flavor that I've come to expect.  I could have used more tomato in there.  I prefer this dish from Norma's or CousCous in Cherry Hill myself.  

Beef kabobs and lamb: If you only get one, get the lamb.  The lamb was fatty, delicious, and cooked perfectly.  The beef was very good too, if not a little dry.

Fruit/Baklava/Mint tea: a great way to end any meal.  The baklava wasn't the best that I've ever had, but I will always enjoy baklava.  Mint tea was some of the better that I've had.  The fruit was fresh and sweet.

Service was very friendly and accommodating.  They made our large group feel at home.

BYOB
I called ahead to order take out for 3 and spoke to the kind owner who seemed very excited to introduce my friends and I to Moroccan cuisine. When we got our order, it was a GENEROUS portion of food capable of feeding 4 with some leftovers. 

There was a variety of vegetable dishes that were delicious (though maybe a little heavy on the oil). My favorite was the eggplant for sure. Of the main dishes, I thought the star was the lamb with almonds and honey, though we had a hard time deciding between that and the spicy chicken. In addition to all of those dishes, there was still couscous (great), a layered egg dish with cinnamon topping (I was confused as to whether this was supposed to be an entree or dessert, and fruit + baklava to end the night. 

Needless to say, we were all stuffed beyond belief with an amazing meal that truly felt like I was attending a homemade dinner party with the kindest host.
This is a wonderful local gem that we definitely need to continue supporting! :)
I am normally not a fan of prix-fix menus, as they tend to be too limiting of choice, and suggests a kitchen unable to handle more options.  But, when that standard menu comes in 7 courses with additional vegetarian alternatives, and is packed into a Bedouin's tent of a restaurant, complete with belly dancing, baklava and honey tea, I can make an exception.  

This is multiplied many fold when your 40 closest friends are packed into a carpet clad room with barely enough room to sit down, and an ambient noise level loud enough to make talking to anyone but those right next to you impossible. Yet, with enough wine and North African music to alter consciousness, this becomes an all-consuming environment that transports you out of South Street and into the dark, mystic souk casbah of one of the ancient cities of Morocco. 

Marrakesh takes finger food to the ultimate.  From cool salads, to roast chicken, cumin lamb and grilled beef, cous-cous with veggies, the only thing between your fingers and the searing meal is the thin pita used to pinch, lift and stuff in your face.  Failing that, be prepared for first degree burns.  

The large metal serving trays kept coming with more food.  We all appreciated the concession to the use of towels to cover laps and wipe hands. Some of the braver souls accompanied our graceful dancer as she gyrated her hips, abdomen, shoulders and arms with cymbals ringing. Some of our folks really knew how to move.  Impressive.

Stepping back out onto Leithgow Alley after 4 hours within this transporter, it took a few moments to reorient myself to being back in Philadelphia after our wild ride.

Marrakesh is not just a restaurant, it is a magic carpet.
Had one of the best date nights in awhile last night. Marrakesh had been closed for the past 6 months, and I am so excited it is back in business!

Walking into the restaurant felt like we were being transported to Morocco. It was really nice, since with COVID, any traveling plans we had are pretty much out the window. 

From the start of our meal to the end, the owner was super hospitable and nice. He poured rose water over our hands from a teapot as we washed them and it smelled amazing. Even though the entire meal lasted 1.5 hours, it didn't feel like it. We were so immersed in the whole experience that time just flew by. The best part of it was, we had the entire place to ourselves, which would never happen pre-COVID, because this place was always packed.

The 7 course meal was delicious, authentic, and sooooo much food. We enjoyed it immensely, and ate till our tummies felt like they were going to burst. Some highlites of the night were:

Three-Salad Platter - Huge platter, and actually serves as three courses. The eggplant was soft and flavorful. The cucumber salad, and carrots refreshingly delicious and help cleanse your palates in between bites of pita and eggplant. 

Spicy Chicken in Cumin Sauce - chicken cooked so tender, it was like eating a steamed white fish. And the cumin sauce was not overpowering, just enough to add flavor to the dish.

Tajne of Lamb with Almonds and Honey - best dish of the night. Slow cooked and only tasting slightly gamey.

Couscous Grand Atlas - a simple dish with couscous, vegetables, chick peas and raisins, but so good.

Except for the owner, we did not see any other staff on site, and it wasn't before long that we realized this man was putting on a one man show. He was cooking all 7 courses in the kitchen, while playing the roles of server and host. And he did such an incredible job at it too!
 
After chatting with the owner for a bit, he told us with restaurants resuming indoor dining, they are still working on bringing the staff back on full-time. On weekends when it's busier, he will have more help.

At $35 per person, this was so worth it and so much fun. If you're looking for an escape or change of scenery for a couple of hours, Marrakesh is a great spot. So bring your biggest appetite, a couple bottles of wine, and some cash because it is BYOB and cash only, and you're ready to go!

Note: reservations are required, so make sure to call ahead to make one!
We ended up at Marrakesh after we couldn't get into Zahav (if you want to walk in there, show up before 4 pm, 5 pm was too late to get in at any point that evening) and did a quick yelp search for somewhere nearby that we could walk.

I have to say, I'm actually glad that we didn't get in to Zahav because we had such an amazing experience at Marrakesh. First thing to know: Ring the Bell to get in. We stood outside for a while waiting for them to open the door before I decided to ring it.  We were the first ones there when it opened at 5:30 pm and at first they weren't sure if they could accommodate us without reservations, but when we told them we had just arrived from out of town, they were very kind and squeezed us in to one of the best tables downstairs. They said they were fully booked that night, but if we were able to eat quickly they could get us in.  

With no menus and no prices, we had no idea what we were in for and just went with it.  They told us it would be 7 courses, and 7 courses it was. And this is not one of those tastings where each course is a bite of something.. each course in itself was enough for a full meal.  

The meal starts with them washing your hands in rose water - you are going to  be eating with your hands, after all, so this is the only civilized thing to do.

Courses:
1- eggplant, carrots, and cucumber salad that you eat with pita bread (which they bring out in large tins and you can have unlimited quantities of) - LOVED the eggplant so much I almost filled up on Course 1
2- some sweet chicken pastry thing - we didn't care much for this one just because we aren't fans of mixing sweet into our salty
3- chicken on the bone, cooked to such perfection that it comes right off the bone - some of the best chicken I've ever had, and that's saying a lot
4 - couscous and chicken - also amazing
5 - a spanokopita thing
6 - an entire bowl of fruit that we couldn't even touch - a full apple, banana, orange, grapes, strawberries - does anyone eat this, I wonder?
7 - baklava served with some of the best tea I've ever had

Note: We don't eat beef so they switched out the beef/lamb kabob, not sure which dish they switched.

The bill came and we braced ourselves - and it was $25 per person, with tax and tip (automatically added at 18%), the total was $64. One of the best deals ever.

As we got up to leave, they brought out a big doggy bag with the leftovers from each of our courses wrapped nicely up for us. What a nice touch!  We were hurrying to free up the table as we knew they did us a favor, but they did not make us feel rushed at all, and even wouldn't open the door to let us out until we were completely fully bundled up ("it's cold outside!" they said).

Some of the nicest people I've ever met, definitely the nicest in Philly, and such an amazing experience overall. Loved it!
Oh Marrakesh oh how I love thee. My very very first experience here was about 4 years ago when I visited a friend. He took me here and I fell in love...with Marrekesh, of course. He's still a friend though. That's besides the point. 

Marrekesh is located in a small alley area and walking up to it you really wouldn't expect a restaurant to be behind the somewhat shady looking door that you have to use the knocker for. 

When you enter this restaurant you're hit with an intimate, beautifully decorated room...after room...after room. It's amazing. You feel like you've walked into another country immediately.  

The food here is fresh, tender, juicy and very authentic. So authentic that in your experience you actually eat in a family style/group.meal.and you eat with your hands. Dont worry, they have you wash your hands in a pot at the table first. 

Here you can't beat paying this cheap per person for as.much food as you get. It's like a 6 course.meal.and it's delicious. Marrekesh will ALWAYS be one of.my favorite restaurants that I plan to enjoy with those I know as its thr type of place that you just can't pass up EVER!!!
I'm not going to write much about the 7 course prix-fixe menu or eat-with-your-hands part or the small intimate setting here - enough people have written better things about them already. All I know is, I came in for a quick dinner, which went on for about an hour and a half, and left content and longing to visit Morocco. 

Delicious food (eggplant dip, spicy cumin chicken and the cous cous dish among my favorites) and extremely warm service - I cant wait to be back here again (I'm 10 minutes away, so it probably be very soon). Also, I asked for some extra eggplant dip to take home, and wasn't even charged for it. Immensely happy and satisfied with Marrakesh. Come hungry, relaxed and ready to have a huge and delicious meal.
This review has been long due, I've been meaning to post this in May. I decided to go to this restaurant for my birthday not knowing what to expect. I wanted to be surprised and I always like to try new flavors and dishes. Marrakesh totally exceeded my expectations! The food and atmosphere was amazing - the top to bottom decoration of the cozy interior totally lifts you out of Philly. The dim lighting and comfy plush seating around the round table/plate gives it an intimate setting. 

I was worried that the 7 course meal would be a lot for 2 people because the other reviews gave this impression that you must come with a big group. But it's totally fine to just come in with 1 other person. Just make sure you come with an empty stomach! Now on to the food. 

1) The first course was a dish with smashed eggplants, cucumbers/tomatoes, and carrots. You pick them up with the pita bread they provide you. The vegetables were well seasoned and flavored. The pita bread tasted alright. 

2) The second dish is a B'stella. It's a pastry pie that was crispy and hot. The outside was sugary like a donut but the inside had an interesting texture and flavor that reminded me of chewy yolk. This was one of my favorites!

3) The third one was chicken with lemon. It came with a spicy sauce to dip in. This chicken was so soft and the meat literally falls off the bone. 

4) Next was the Lamb Tagine with almonds and honey. The honey water made the meat taste sweet. The meat on this dish was just as soft!

5) The Beef Kebab tasted a little tough to chew on. 

6) The Couscous dish was soft and had raisins, chickpeas, chicken, carrots, and potatoes in it. It had a slightly sweet flavor. At this point, I was feeling so stuffed!

7) The Blaklava was sweet but not very crispy. 

8) Mint Tea - I really liked the taste, it was so sweet with a slight minty flavor.

9) Finally, the big bowl of fruits! They give you a generous amount of fruits to eat and take away!

I think the total bill for the 2 of us was around $60 something. Even the bill itself looks unique - it's on an orange paper in Arabic. 

Thanks Marrakesh for giving me a memorable birthday dinner! It seems like other people come here for special occasions as well. They also have belly dance performers but there weren't any the night I came. This is a one of a kind restaurant in Philly not to be missed. I recommend making a reservation before coming. When you arrive at the restaurant, you knock or ring their doorbell. Just typing this made me want to eat Moroccan food again!
This is really an experience, one not to be rushed or be in a hurry to get out of. Let's begin with the fact it is a BYOB with that in mind please pace yourself, not coming from my own experience or anything. The meal starts with a rose water hand wash and towels. You are given a large towel which i chose to just lay across my lap 1. I am clumsy 2. i was drinking 3. you use your hands to eat. Knowing this ahead of time I was a little scared being repulsed by double dipping (as I'm sure most people are) and finger licking but overall its not hard to use your pita in a hygenic way. By the time the fruit bowl came out we were all about to burst but made some room for feeding grapes off the vine. I really had a great time.

I love herbs but was a little nervous that everything would be entirely over seasoned, I was pleasantly surprised because each plate was delicious and I even find myself craving it here and there. This was my first experience with Moroccan food so I had no idea what to expect. My favorite was the baked chicken with the spicy sauce which we ordered on the side just to be safe. Also, the baklava was what dreams are made of. Overall, the food, service, and experience were amazing and super fun. I think this would make an amazing first date. The belly dancer was so fun and friendly. 

I suggest ringing the door bell versus knocking because I kept knocking and knocking and no one could hear me, i rang the door bell once and they opened the door immediately. It is CASH ONLY so plan accordingly.
Be forewarned, go here ONLY if you have a lot of time to spare and are NOT looking for a quick bite. I came here with a group of about 10 people. Our dinner lasted almost four hours and we were going crazy towards the end because we just wanted to get out of there. 

This place offers a 7 course meal and is great for a group setting because it's really easy to share. Check my pics to see what each course was. This place had a great vibe including fun music and belly dancing. You also get to eat with your hands! :) You start off with salad, leading into the chicken & meat entrees, and ending with fruit & dessert. Overall, a great meal that'll leave you stuffed! My favorites were the eggplant salad and the beef kebabs. You also get as much pita as you want. I wasn't a big fan of the cous cous or the lamb (lamb was too sweet). Definitely check out this place because the experience is worth it! 

Note: Even though this is a pretty pricey dinner, it is CASH ONLY!
The whole idea of this place slightly terrified me ahead of Sari's UYE last weekend. For the most part, I'm incredibly picky and also have the tendency to eat veeeeery slowly. Sharing a plate with a bunch of people? Would I get my money's worth?

Well, yeah. And more. This was an amazing meal! I even liked the eggplant...for the first time!

By the end of the night (shout-out to the lemon chicken and beef skewers and BYO wine and umm everything else), I was beyond stuffed and happy.

Thanks, Sari, for putting this Yelpy night together, and thanks to the Marrakesh team for being so hospitable to our group! I'll definitely make it back to this great spot at some point in the future.
VISIT HISTORY: 
- Last visit: last night for girls' night dinner! 
- Frequency: came twice before - for a group birthday dinner (~12 people) 2 years ago & took my ex out for his birthday dinner. The takeaway should be that this place is good for all types of occasions for a good quality time
- Next visit? Sure! 

FOODRINK:
It's a pre-set seven course meal. You get no say. It's caloric dictatorship except that nobody complains about it. 

- The Three-Salad Platter: the eggplants are served warm. The Oasis carrots with cucumber was perfectly tart. The carrots we're mediocre at best. 
- The B'stella: this layered pie with chicken (very little amounts of chicken but that's okay bc the main dish is meats galore) I find the cofection sugar to be odd and this dish confuses my taste buds bc you want to think it's savory but the sugary taste with the assorted nuts play tug of war with the chicken. So you end up eating another bite to figure it out. 
- Spicy Chicken: this chicken melts in your mouth. It's been cooking for your all day and just waiting to please you. It's delish. The sauce is spicy and tomatoey enough but not overwhelming. My favorite main dish. So tender. 
- Marinated Beef Shish Kebab: The meat was tough. Not seasoned as much. I've had better kebabs at a food truck. The diced sizes were all over the place. The meat did not wanna come off the kebab stick. I don't mean to intrude the romance but they were really hanging onto each other. 
- Lamb with Almond and Honey: More juicy than juicy coutoure. The almond and honey does add a delightful addition to the lamb. I feel that lamb is a difficult dish in general to please the crowd but the texture was great. None of that mushy crap. 
- Couscous Grand Atlas topped with Vegetables: I ate the couscous with the sauce left from the chicken because sauce is forever. Perfectly fluffy. 
- Fresh Fruits: Strawberries, banana and apple. No preps. Just delivered like that. I don't mind but in comparative terms, it's bland bc I was used to all the other meals being super extra prepared. 
- Hot Mint Tea: sweet but adds a nice finish. I've had hot mint tea in Morocco and it was disappointing compared to that bc it was made overly sweet. That extra American modification tasted like disappointment. 
- Baklava: perfect finish 

VIBE:
- Very dim lit 
- Feels like you're at someone's home (in the best way)
- A lot of beautiful tapestries 
- Bellydancer was fun. She invited one of the customers and they danced (by dance I mean she instructed him and they did the same choreography). 
- Noise level was relatively low 
- Small space but does not feel cluttery 
- Wait time for food arrival: they'll keep it coming. It's a feast. I love it. I stopped timing bc I didn't see a point given the rate in which the dishes were coming. 
- Wait time for our check: pretty quick after the dessert 

**TIPS:
- CA$$H ONLY
tl;dr one of Philly's best-kept secrets, Marrakesh offers a delectable (and affordable!) tasting menu featuring Moroccan cuisine

North African eats are few and far between in Philadelphia, but Marrakesh has aimed to fill this niche for decades. Tucked away just off the hustle and bustle of South Street, Marrakesh is an oasis in Philly. Make sure to call ahead to reserve a table over the phone, and come prepared with cash in one hand and wine in the other: Marrakesh is cash-only and BYOB!
The tan-and-green awning distinguishes Marrakesh from other residential buildings on the block. Rugs were unrolled onto the alley and tapestries hung on the brick walls, setting a homey ambiance even for outdoor diners. The interior was dimly lit with stained-glass chandeliers for the dinner service, but vibrantly colorful decor still stood out. The intricately painted walls were decked out with various ornaments, and booth-style seating surrounds the wide, brass tabletops. Music played unobtrusively throughout the night.

My partner and I booked dinner for a weekend, right at the opening. To begin the meal, our server arrived with a teapot filled with warm water to rinse our hands. We began our meal with a salad trio (eggplant in tomato sauce, cucumbers and bell peppers with Mediterranean seasoning, and carrots in coriander). The former was my favorite, sporting all the richness of a meat curry without any of the heaviness. It was balanced out nicely by the two light and refreshing salads. The next course was the B'stella: a Moroccan pie, consisting of a phyllo dough crust stuffed with chicken, almonds, and eggs, then topped with a generous sprinkle of powdered sugar and cinnamon. This course shared the heartiness of a chicken pot pie with the crispness and sweetness and crispness of a funnel cake. After this, we had the first of our entrees: Spicy Chicken in Cumin Sauce. I was impressed by how tender the Marrakesh got their chicken. The owner mentioned that they cook it for 3 hours prior to the arrival of guests. The sauce tasted of Mediterranean spices but was not overwhelmingly spicy. After this was the Lamb Tagine: lamb chops tossed with a rich almond and honey sauce. This was probably my favorite dish of the night. Like the chicken, the lamb basically falling off the bone, and the sweet sauce was an ideal pairing for the mildly gamey meat. Up next was a Couscous dish, topped with veggies and raisins. The texture of the couscous was far superior to anything I've been able to prepare at home, and the raisins were a keen addition to make each bite pop. Finally, our meal ended with dessert: mint tea served hot, baklava, and a basket of fresh fruit. While this course was a fine addition, it was admittedly not the most memorable -- I was already full out of my mind by this time.

Service was pleasant and attentive without being overbearing. The food was consistently good, with some items being stellar. Nonetheless, a few aspects of the dining experience admittedly threw me off though. First, the server who came around with the basket of pita encouraged diners to take slices themselves with their bare hands -- sub-ideal for dining during COVID. Second, I was surprised to be eating off plastic dinner plates with plastic cutlery for the meal. But for $35 per person (the expense after tax and gratuity are automatically applied), the uber-filling tasting menu that Marrakesh offers is a steal.
Out of this world.

Upon entering, we were immediately seated despite not having a reservation. My favorite part was the complete lack of menu - the waiter just arrived and told us that we would be enjoying a 7 course meal that was pre-set and simply gave us the choice of lamb or chicken for our main course. I am not a picky eater so I really liked not having to choose and having the opportunity to enjoy what the restaurant thought were their best dishes and this enhanced my experience.

The first dish was my favorite, composed of three different salads and was my favorite part of the meal. The carrots and eggplant were perfectly spiced and I could have eaten the portion meant for 3 people entirely by myself.

The spicy chicken was probably the best chicken I've ever had. I know that sounds like a stark exaggeration but I kid you not - go try it.

The lamb was perfect and fell off the bone, and the spicy sauce that we had served on the side is what made the dish perfect.

I especially enjoyed the ending note - baklava and moroccan mint tea which was delicious and perfectly balanced. Along with this they give us a huge bowl of fruits and let us take it home when we were too full to even touch it.

All in all this is a place where I would bring friends, family, etc for the ethnic and cultural experience unlike anything I have enjoyed before and the food was mouth watering as well. Never have I been able to eat so much in one sitting. I will most definitely be back!
Before I visited on Saturday night, I had heard great things about Marrakesh.  In reality, all I knew was that i's a nice Moroccan place with generous portions.  I had reservations with Rachel and the Kolodzieys.  We were seated in a fully decorated, dark room with rugs and great ambiance.  The atmosphere at Marrakesh is definitely one of the highlights.  We were sitting in a corner couch huddled around one table.  Sharing is also definitely a theme here, so make sure you like the people with which you are dining.  Ideally, I'd like to revisit this spot when we could have a whole room to ourselves (12 to 16 people).  I think this would be the best way to enjoy the food and service here.

When we were seated, we were offered a menu, but it only included the drink choices.  The beer offerings here are a joke, but $12 bottles of house wine are an excellent choice.  The server then came over and explained the seven course meal, which was really the only food option.  There are a few choices in the main courses, and you can have vegetarian courses as well, but Marrakesh is sticking with what they know best, which means limited options.

Before the first course, we all washed our hand in rose water.  This was a nice touch, especially because we were all about to eat the whole meal without utensils.   We started the meal with three salads: eggplant, cucumber, and carrot.  We scooped them up with pita bread. They were all good, but the eggplant was the clear champion of this course.

Next, we had phyllo pastry filled with unknown meat and topped with powdered sugar.  This was good, but not my favorite course. It was definitely interesting to contrast the meat with the sugar.  The third course was a whole, slow cooked chicken.  The sauce was cumin based, a bit spicy but not over the top.  I thought this course was great.  The chicken was well cooked and marinaded.  

The fourth course is probably the apex of the meal, in terms of portion and taste.  We opted for lamb with an almond honey glaze.  It was excellent.  At this point I was getting pretty full and knew that I needed to pace myself for the rest of the meal.  The other option for this course was beef shish kebabs.  

The fifth course continued to impress.  It was a couscous dish with chicken, raisins, and vegetables mixed in.  The raisins were the best addition here.  I generally do not enjoy couscous, so the fact that I was digging in here is a testament to the dish.

The last two courses are dessert.  We were served a fruit bowl with grapes, apples, bananas and oranges and finished with baklava and tea.  By the end of the meal I was full and happy.  The 7 course menu is only $25 a person, which I think is awesome considering all that you get.

As I already mentioned, the atmosphere here is great.  During our meal, we were also treated to a belly dancing show, which added to the evening.  The same CD played on repeat the whole night, so we heard songs about four times; it was a bit annoying.  My one complaint for the evening would be the service.  After our meal was finished, we waited more than twenty minutes for the bill to arrive.  Our server was not attentive during the evening.  Water refills never came when asked for, and other small problems made me feel like our table was being neglected.  Our gratuity was added to the bill, so maybe the server though it was an off night for him as well.

Bottom Line: Dining at Marrakesh is an experience.  We were there for just over three hours. Go with people you like, enjoy the conversation, don't rush through the courses, and soak in the authentic experience.
I've been here about 8 times during my 4 years in Philly and I've never had a bad experience. This has become my go-to place if we have a large group BYO but don't want the formality of a long table at a more conventional restaurant. Call in advance to check if you'll have to wait. Marrakesh is definitely the place to go if you want to make memories with a group of friends (especially with belly dancers on the weekends?!)

The biggest problem is knowing what to eat so you can taste the best of the 8 courses and not be stuffed silly. Course by course instructions for Marrakesh:
- FIRST one must take a massive serving of pita bread - don't be shy, grab 5 or 6 because the worst thing is when you get a new course and you have no more bread to eat with and you must resign to watching your friends devour the chicken without you.
- First 3 courses = 1 plate of different types of salads. There's one with carrots, one with cucumbers, and one with eggplant. Sure, try a bite of the carrots and the cucumbers, but EAT THE EGGPLANT salad. It's absolutely delicious.
- 4th course = phyllo pastry filled with some sort of sweet meat and topped with powered sugar. Don't burn your fingers because it's HOT but the only/best time to eat it is right when it comes out. This isn't the best course, so just eat enough to sample.
- 5th course = choice of chicken or spicy chicken - we always choose the spicy chicken (it's not that spicy) - this one is probably my favorite course and rarely are you faced with an entire whole chicken to consumer, which is a fun experience. The chicken is cooked really well and is very tender, so you just peel it directly from the bone.
- 6th course = choice of lamb or beef shish kebab - I prefer the lamb because it's something different that you can't get everywhere else. It's cooked pretty well - with honey over it and lots of flavor
- 7th course = couscous - I'm not a big fan of couscous so I can't really judge this but right in time because this is the point where I get too full to consume any more real food.
- 8th course = baklava, mint tea, and fresh fruit! At this point finish up your wine and be on your way out of this incredible authentic (I think) and hospitable Moroccan "home"

$35/person for the 8 courses, remember it's cash only!! No corkage fee for the wine you bring.
I went to Marrakesh for my first time Saturday night.  What a cool place! There were many "likes" and a few "dislikes" to my experience here, which really should deserve 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up just because of the authenticity of this dining experience. 

Likes:  The atmosphere inside the restaurant was absolutely amazing.  You really feel like you're inside someone's living room, eating a home cooked meal.  The rooms are well segregated from each other, so each party gets their own private dining experience.  The decor is authentic, with drapes covering all the walls.  The music was fun, the belly dancer was a lot of fun also.  
FOOD:  The eggplant in the opening salad dish was probably the best eggplant you will ever eat.  My other favorite course was the lamb, it was so tender and fell right off the shank.  The couscous was also good, and so was the whole roast chicken, which was also some of the most tender fall-off-the bone chicken ever.  

Dislikes:  We arrived in a group of 15.  We had to stand outside in the 20 degree weather until all members of our party arrived.  We were outside in the freezing cold at least 15 minutes.  The least they could do is set a heat lamp outside since waiting outside seemed like it happens to everyone.  Once we were seated, it took 10-15 minutes to receive wine classes.  We had about 10 bottles of booze on our tables we brought, and couldn't get glasses after asking 3 different times.  We were wishing we could drink straight from the bottles!  The napkins (whole towels) also took a long time to receive.  When  you eat with your hands, and there's no silverware, you'd think napkins/towels would be the first item they give you once the food arrives.  
FOOD:  The beef kbobs were far too over-cooked, hard to chew.  That was the only food that I didn't like the entire night. 

Overall, the length of my dislikes paragraph is misleading to a 4 star review.  But, like I mentioned overall, the dislikes don't outweigh the overall really cool dining experience here.  I would recommend everyone to try eating here at least once.  It was fun, and very unique.

NOTE:  CASH ONLY.  BYOB.  Entire meal was $25/person + tip.  Very good price for lots of food.
Cash only; it's $35 per person 6-item fixed menu plus whatever drinks you want to order. Make sure you come with lots of people, reserve in advanced. The seating really creates a communal atmosphere where you can share off the same plate and chill. What an experience, probably one of the most memorable dining experiences you can get here in Philly. Once you're seated, you get your hands washed with rose water while you're surrounded by dim light and cushy blankets. Then, the food rolls out, and man is it good. I've never had chicken this succulent in my life; it literally fell off the bone. Another highlight was the mint tea during dessert, wow. Awesome spot, will be back for another special occasion.
Vast amounts of extraordinary Moroccan food at giveaway prices.

Add an amazing room and the fun of eating with your hands 

And this is an experience you don't want to miss.

* * *

Marrakesh is a prix fixe Moroccan restaurant.

It is nearly hidden on a microscopic side street and the door is locked.

You have to ring a doorbell to gain admittance.

The place is nearly full most of the time, 

So without reservations, they may say no when you ring.

* * *

Once inside, there is only the most limited choice on the menu.

You are getting what they are serving that night.

You will get five courses.

You can have meat or vegetarian.

For the chicken course, you can get lemony or spicy chicken.

On the meat course, you can have beef or lamb.

End of choices.

* * *

But who needs choices when the food is this good?

The five courses were insanely insanely insanely excellent.

Of special note, in an evening of wonders, 

Were the beef pie and the spinach pie.

The beef pie uses a pita-like dough. The spinach pie uses a phyllo dough.

Both are among the best crusts you have ever had in your life -

Lighter than helium and filled with taste.

The meat in one and the spinach or other were super-meaty/super-spinachy.

* * *

Six notes. 

i. The food is served in common and you eat with your hands.

(They do give you a spoon for the couscous.)

The waiter pours a pitcher of warm water over your hands to start with.

You get a full bath towel for a napkin.

(You will need it. Trust me.)

Watch what the other tables are doing.

Some dishes are eaten with pita bread that you break off.

Some dishes are eaten just by grabbing.

Learn from the locals before you make a fool of yourself.

ii. The Moroccans go with the old Jewish rule about food:

"Too Much Is Just Right".

The amount of food you are going to get is copious beyond plentiful beyond huge.

The stairway going up to the second story tables is narrow.

You will have a hard time squeezing your way down the stairway after all the food you have eaten.

The portions are more enormous than the Atlas Mountains.

iii. The rooms are absolutely magical.

This is the Orientalism of your fairy tale dreams.

Magnificent colored textiles everywhere.

Every surface looks like a Persian Rug but in bolder colors with patchwork and huge squares of color and spangles and stars.

Aladdin never had it so good.

iv. This is a cash only establishment. Don't get caught short when the check comes.

v. They give away the food for practically nothing. We were not expecting the cash only rule - but it was pretty easy to meet their very modest demand.

How do they produce such marvelous food for so little?

Everyone in the restaurant is eating more or less the same thing.

So there is very high efficiency and very little wastage.

Both your wallet and your tastebuds benefit from their grand plan.

vi. Belly dancers occasionally appear. These are the real deal belly dancers.

They are fat.

They can really really really move their belly.

Their bellies do things yours can't.

If you eat everything they serve you at this massive banquet,

You will easily be as fat as those belly dancers.

But hey, they are still sexy with all that weight.

You can enjoy all the pleasures of the table at 9 pm

And still enjoy all the pleasures of the bed at midnight.

Supermodels starve themselves at the table at 9 pm 

So they can get the pleasures of the bed at midnight.

Marrakech will remind you that there is a better way to live.
After hearing about this place for the entire time me and my wife have known one another I was excited to finally be at the place she always talked about. There I was standing in front of the legendary wooden door in the middle of a dark alley ready to embrace a piece of the Moroccan culture. It's small in here but very intimate. We were lead up to the third floor to a sort of private dining area where there was one other large party that was seated next to us. 

     After shuffling some bodies and pillows around we were ready to chow down on some food. The waiter informed us there's no menu they bring out all the meals in courses one at a time on huge plates. We were then told that there's no silverware only hands so we all placed our hands in a giant dish for washing before our dinner. First came out the huge basket of pita bread to scoop up our food we could have at least had plates in my opinion we had to put all you can grab bread on our napkins. Then came a huge plate of food which was the starter. It was scoops of different beans an salads that were all very delicious. 

     After the second course came out it was time for the main course which was the chicken. The chicken was good I enjoyed the tenderness and seasoning of the chicken and the spicy sauce that came with it. It was dry in the breast though. So dry I almost choked no lie. I was grabbing for my wine trying to hold composure and not panic. I was able to pull it off cause no one noticed and we were at a table full of people. I didn't want to make a scene like the lady that kept falling in the restaurant. 

     The desert was good although I'm not a fan of baklava it tasted like any other baklava I've ever tasted mediocre and bland but it was soft and warm so that kicked it up a notch. The dinner was finished with a plate of fresh fruit. The best part of this meal was the atmosphere and the wine. Man the wine was good. The worst part was the belly dancer I'm sorry she was terrible and she wasn't even Moroccan and she couldn't dance. Everything else was worth the wait.
there's not much to say that hasn't already been said here. however, as a [non-fish-eating] vegetarian i felt obliged to point out that, contrary to some of the posts i have read, marrakesh IS veg friendly! 

granted, you don't get much of an option for your 3rd & 4th courses -  pretty much just choose if you want the stuffed grape leaves before or after the spanokopita-esque dish - but both are delicious! it seems like dishes being "too sweet" is a general complaint here, but from what i know, that is the moroccan style (ie, they're doing the cuisine right) and really, that's just a matter of personal preference. i have had some of my non-veg dining companions remark that they preferred my b'stella (layered egg pie) without the chicken as they didn't enjoy the savory/sweet combo. others joked with me that mine was missing the good part - to each his own. 

so long as you come here hungry (and with a couple hours to spare), you will get a great value - a TON of tasty food for less than $30/person, sans wine....which always accompanies my meals....and at $12/carafe for the house [read: cheap] wine, that's a great value too!!
Marrakesh is all about creating an experience, and sadly that experience is one I would prefer to never have again. 

I went with my bf, his parents, our close friend and her parents and friends to Marrakesh. She chose the restaurant, having been there before, and chose the 8:30pm seating time for our party of 10. The restaurant is located off of South Street on this almost alley-like street, and the moment you walk in you grasp the concept they're trying to throw out at you: a traditional Moroccan-style meal in a setting that's supposed to mimic Moroccan interiors, with loud Middle Eastern style music (that sounded like the Slumdog Millionaire soundtrack). Rugs are everywhere, on the floor and wall, and you sit on low couches or cushion stools around round tables. 

The meal is a 7 course prix fixe $35 per person (no a la carte menu), although they do have vegetarian alternatives to the meat dishes. The only menu they hand you is the drinks menu, which ranges from beer to wine to rose water to Coca cola. The menu is as follows:

First course: 3 salads, eggplant, tomato-cucumber, and carrot
Second course: phyllo pastry filled with chicken and egg with powdered sugar and cinnamon on top. Vegetarian alternative is without chicken, just egg.
Third course: Whole chicken, slow-cooked, either mild or spicy (we asked for spicy sauce on the side). Vegetarians get a lentil dish.
Fourth course: Either honey lamb or beef shish kebabs, we asked for both. Vegetarians have a spinach-filled rolled pastry.
Fifth course: Couscous topped with chicken, raisins, and vegetables. No chicken for vegetarians.
Sixth course: Fresh fruit bowl
Seventh course: mint tea and baklava.

The meal was awful from the start. They sat us all the way at the top floor, in the back - we're pretty sure they continuously forgot about us throughout the meal. Our waiter looked like he was in high school, and it took him 15 minutes to get our drinks (only 4 people ordered anything); in the mean time, the music was so obnoxiously loud we could barely talk to one another, let alone the people next to us, and the air conditioning was so high that I was shivering - and I was wearing a sweater! - and even after asking them to turn it down, it was STILL cold.

Considering that its a prix fixe menu, you would expect the food to come out quickly, but we waited about 45 minutes for the first course, which isn't even cooked! Our waiter was not attentive in general, and each course took far too long to come out (he also took forever to realize we were done with each dish). The food overall was not good - edible, but where were the spices? The FLAVOR?! My bf said the lamb was good, but otherwise we were all very disappointed in the dishes. And there was waaaay too much food, we felt bad towards the end because of all the wasted food since we could barely have more than a bite of the later courses. The fruit plate mostly went into people's purses. I was most disappointed by the baklava, which was truly awful just phyllo pastry and honey WHERE WERE THE NUTS?! I'm Greek, I love baklava and this was awful. 

Perhaps the worst part of the evening, after suffering through awful service, bad food and too much of it, obnoxious atmosphere (which includes a belly dancer going around to each table), the waiter brings the bill and tells us AT THAT MOMENT that they take cash or check but NOT credit cards. They didn't tell us when we made the reservations, they didn't tell us at the beginning of the meal to allow us to run to a bank and get money, they had the audacity to tell us right at the end. I thought he was joking, but no. We managed to pool enough cash together, but the entire experience was not worth it and I will NEVER go back there. If this restaurant is about creating an experience, all they did was create a bad one.
Holy spanks - this place has got to be the best kept secret in the Philadelphia food scene.  I can't believe it has taken me so long to get here.  The life I was leading before experiencing dinner at Marrakesh now seems dull and grey; and, the food I've had since then.... sub-par. (I jest, of course- my brother is a wicked awesome chef and indulges me from time to time with culinary treats.)  In all seriousness though, this place puts the "Oh my god this place is fantastic!" into that old saying "Oh my god this place is fantastic!"

You enter by knocking on this beautiful but unassuming door on a little side street. (I actually couldn't figure it out at first and said  "open sesame" only to hear someone laugh behind me and use the knocker... Sufficiently embarrassed before the meal - check.). The owner opens the door which is similar to that closet thing in Narnia, because when you step through it, you are actually IN Morocco.  Like actually - no joke.  Travel these days is getting pretty impressive - amiright?!

Anyways, the decor inside is visually stunning.  Everything is gold or burgundy it dark red... And there are pictures and sconces and drapey fabrics all over the walls. It's really beautiful and brings a whole other element to your dining experience - and like other reviewers before me have said, this really is an experience.  Once you sit down, someone comes and washes your hands with ROSE WATER. I shit you not, actual rose water (side note: having "shit" and "rose" in the same sentence made me think of that song by Outkast... So it is now playing in the background as my inspiration yelp-review music). My hands smelled so good after I almost didn't want to sully them with the good food we were about to imbibe in.  Almost.  

You are served 7 courses of some of the most decadent and delicious food anyone could offer you.  A bunch of other people have already described what you are served, so I won't bother - but I will say it was positively divine.  Our group couldn't stop eating anything until they physically took it away from the table, and we really should have considering the copious amounts of food we were given.

Lastly - food never tastes as good as it really is if you have scheisty service. That was certainly NOT the case here.  I actually think the owner (who comes and talks to you throughout the meal to make sure you are enjoying yourself) is clairvoyant.  There was never one point in the meal when we waited longer than a millisecond with an empty water glass or no bread.  The staff there is really spectacular.  I can think of a handful of places that would do well to hire them to teach their own employees what it means to be a really good wait staff.

Bottom line (and closing to this novel of a review) get your ass and everyone you know to Marrakesh for dinner.  Your friends will be paying tribute to you for the rest of your life of you are the one to introduce them to this gem. (And lets get real - tribute swag is always good. Always.)

Maa Salama, fellow food lovers!
WOW!!! Where do I begin...this place was phenomenal. It has authenticity, excellent atmosphere and the most delicious fare.

I brought my friends who were visiting from out of town, this being my first time as well, and all 4 of us could not stop talking about how such a great time we had. 

For one, it is BYOB and a full bar as well. The washing of the hands, the low tables and the belly dancers add to the full overall Moroccan effect. 

The 7- course meal was once of the best meals I have had in a really long time. The eggplant and humus was so flavorful. I would recommend the lamb over the beef kabobs. The beef was a little tough and hard to chew. The lamb feel off the bone and the sauce was out of this world. 

For anyone looking to have an amazing meal and an authentic atmosphere go to Marrakesh.

Bring cash because they don't take credit and I would recommend making reservations.
Having lived in Morocco for some time, I can say that walking into Marrakesh truly felt like being transported back to that country. Everything from the decor to the food to the super dim lighting was super authentic.

We had the 7-course meal which was really fun. I loved tasting the flavors of the bastilla (Moroccan chicken pie, both savory and sweet) and the tenderness of the lamb (I normally hate lamb--too gamey for me)--really brought me right back to Morocco!

Our waiter was fantastic and so hospitable. Unfortunately since we went during COVID, we didn't get to see the belly dancers perform, but I plan to return when things are back to normal so we can get the full Marrakesh experience!
First, make sure you understand the logistics of your meal:
* $25 per person (plus tax and tip) 
* includes apps, mains, and fruit & dessert
* You eat with your hands (well bread)
* You eat with the party you arrive with
* You eat off a shared plate

If the logistics don't scare you off (and they aren't designed to), then you are in store for a great meal.  Step up and knock on their front door... seriously, you have to knock to get in.  While the portions don't seem to be that large, you'll find yourself full well before the meal ends.  The place is a little dark, which can be nice for an intimate feel if you'd like.  One turn off is the wait staff, who are not very attentive.  Also, as mentioned the tip is included, they say its 18% but $10 on a $50 bill means 20% by my math.
I don't believe I haven't written about Marrakesh before, but here it goes:

25-35 dollars a person for 7 courses. SEVEN. And if at some point you count and you think there wee only 5, you won't even care, because you can't eat all those courses. I'm telling you the honest truth. Always come with a third person, because two cannot handle this.

Everything is incredible, but if you odn't think the rice grain egg cinnamon thing is top ntch, don't eat it--- because you'll need the room later. I find myself taking some of the fruit from the 6th course to go usually. In my purse. That's how I do.

I thik it's BYO, but I'd also like to know the prices of carafes- they do sell those. Also, this place is cash only, so come prepared.

Sometimes there's a belly dancer or two which I find delightful--- almost as delightful as I find all the huge pillows laying around, which are ideal for leaning back over and stretching out your belly on the 3rd or 4th course.

Finally, just a tidbit--- the server's accent is fake. So if you have trouble understanding him, don't feel bad asking him to repeat, because he's purposely making it difficult to understand him. What a jokester!

I think that this is an AWESOME place for groups, by the way... they have different seating areas to cater different size guest arrangements.
A couple words of advice before going here.  Don't eat all day.  Just don't.  Trust me.  

Marrakesh is very authentic, entering from the dark alley, it's like walking into a Moroccans kitchen.   You sit on comfy benches, use towels for napkins, and eat with your hands.  There are 7 courses, and each one is enormous.  We had the spicy chicken and the beef kebobs which were both well done, nothing fantastic, but good and plentiful.  

Just be prepared for a long dining experience.  Dinner took nearly 3 hours.  But there are belly dancers.  But it was a couples night when I went, so I wasn't allowed to look.
I had a group dinner here with 19 other folks and recommend this place if you are celebrating with lots of people. It is cash only so be prepared before you go. Given the set up and the way the food is served, I would not go here with less than 6 people but it could make a happy, pig out kind of dinner for 4.

What is especially nice is that vegetarians and folks with gluten issues can be accommodated. There were 3 vegetarians at my table and they got their own non-meat versions of everything the meat eaters ordered. 

You can BYOB as well as order alcohol here. Our group did both. 

Instead of napkins, you are given a large terry cloth towel so there are no worries about getting your clothes dirty since everything but the couscous is eaten with your hands. 

My only complaint was the stale pita bread. Since this is used to scoop up your food, it should be fresh, soft and pliable. Other than that, the food is quite good. A dip/salad platter for starters-cooked, spiced carrots, a tomato/cucumber salad and a warm, spiced eggplant dish. The eggplant appetizer was the favorite of the table. 

B'stilla, a phyllo pie stuffed with chicken, egg, currants and nuts and covered in powdered sugar was next. This is hot from the oven so it's a bit tough to eat but worth the work. Our vegetarians got an egg only version of this. 

A succulent, whole roast chicken came next. It comes with a very spicy, tomato-ey sauce and it was fun to see everyone ripping into this. The vegetarians got a lentil dish with a side of stuffed grape leaves.

Following this were skewers of lamb and beef. I don't eat lamb but everyone who did raved about it. The beef skewers were inconsistent. Some of the meat was tender, some almost too tough to chew but the mushrooms, onions, tomatoes and peppers layered in the skewers were delicious. The vegetarians got rolled spinach and cheese pastries. After this, we all leaned back and took a break from eating. The food is served on big, round platters and at first you think with a big group there is just enough for nibbling but with course after course, you do get full. It's nice to lean back and the rooms and tables are set up so you can semi-recline in comfort. The walls are covered with patterned red rugs, the lighting is low and the whole set up is conducive to relaxation.

The pita bread basket is passed several times during the meal so again, I have to say I wish there was more attention to its freshness. 

A belly dancer performed to a few musical numbers. The space was small and dim and we did not pay her much attention. I don't think she was particularly skilled but she was attractive. 

The final dinner course was couscous with chicken and vegetables (same minus chicken for the vegetarians) with an addition of raisins and apricots. This was the only item served with utensils (spoons). It was simple but very tasty. 

Dessert was baklava and fresh fruit (grapes, apples, bananas, oranges and strawberries) with a glass of hot mint tea. I've been to Morocco and loved the way the mint tea was prepared there, sweet with large bunches of fresh mint. At Marrakesh, it was just overly sweet tea that was not particularly minty but it was a nice way to end the meal. I was surprised that the baklava was not the usual gooey, drippy, insulin coma inducing mess I've had at most Middle Eastern places. This was on the dry side and rather good as the servings were small.

At $35, which includes tax and an 18% tip, this was a bargain evening. Highly recommend for a different take on a special dining occasion with a larger group.
Five stars for what was probably the best UYE ever (and I say that as a former host of many!)! But in a lot of ways I could also give five stars for Marrakesh being one of the most unique and sightly secretive dining experiences in all of Philly.

I've long heard the legacy of what it had to offer, and was ecstatic the moment that I heard that Sari had it potentially lined up as a UYE Destination. And it didn't hurt and most assuredly confirmed that i'd be going when I heard that my friend Anastasia was to be the belly dancer for the evening.

When I arrived I somehow discovered a new part of a Philly area that I've been familiar with for decades, and almost couldn't even figure out how to get through the front door. Yet when I did and shuffled my way up the stairs, not only did I come across a plentiful room filled to the brim with Yelpers, I came across the West Philadelphia Orchestra getting ready to play a party across the hall. Marrakesh is just one of those places!

For $25 plus tax & tip we all had our hands washed in rose water, were handed sufficient towels per Hitchhikers right; and were served some five plus courses of succulent chicken served as both spicy whole and baked into filo dough, savory lamb, hummus, many salads, delicious injera that served as our forks, and then some. While I've had better in similar packages, it was delivered in a tasty and extravagant fare that made it something to be experienced. And they also made sure that the vegetarians and vegans of tour group were presented with an equal amount of courses.

It could be the fact that we were a party of 25+, but the one slight flaw was that the room layout did feel like things would be cramped even if we weren't that large of a party. But it could have also just been the fact that my friend was delivering a tremendous dancing performance and calling for people to learn, and many people were calling my name to join in, I could hardly move because I was trapped in the lavish corner. If you plan on or expect to dance be prepared to sit toward the end of one of the tables, and get ready to savor what might be the best interactive dining experience that you can get in Philly.
I'm a veteran Marrakesh diner so I'll start with tips before giving my review. 

Tips: 
*(Best trick in the book) When you get pitas to eat your food, separate them in half (so you have two very thin triangles) and pick up food that's too hot. You're going to get stuffed, just don't let the pita do that job. 
-Bring a lose belt, if you don't have one, don't bring one at all. 
-Don't bring anyone who has innately "dirty hands" 
-Come VERY hungry to leave VERY satisfied 
-Apart from the reviews of people complaining that it's a BYOB even though they have a full bar, I've brought wine every time and they happily open it but can bring you drinks from their stash as well - they are very friendly. 
-If you're not accustomed to foreign food, be open minded, it's all delicious. 
-Bring cash! Also, most groups are large so check the bill because tip is probably added. 
-Knock on the front door! It's at the corner of intersecting side streets (Gaskill and Leithgow). Since it's just off of South st I'm sure they lock the door to keep the trash out. 

Okay, so first, anyone who comes to the city to visit me generally gets a trip here. Why? Because I've never had a bad experience. The service is always culturally reserved yet friendly. The food is always outstanding. For the chicken I always recommend the spicy. if you have a mixed group (some don't like spicy) you can get the olive base and ask for a side of spicy sauce. For the choice of kabobs or lamb, they are both excellent, just pick your kill. The bastilla (the 2nd dish pound of pastry). It is is my favorite and always super hot so break it apart before diving in to the devilishly delicious blend. 

I've had a date here and really enjoyed it and I've had a birthday party with over 20 people and the experience was just as awesome. During my birthday, we probably brought 15 bottles of wine (no comments please...) and the waiters kept coming over to make sure we had plenty of water and kept uncorking for us. We brought one young baby who slept most of the time but she started crying (though briefly) and the owner offered to take her for a moment because mom was eating and he actually rocked her! She stopped crying and he gave her back to mom. He absolutely DIDN'T have to do that, but they are just that friendly there. (It helps I go often, so he recognizes us). Another member of our party mentioned she is allergic to nuts, so they actually baked her a mini bastilla without nuts, yet another nice touch. 

The ambiance of this place is great, it's 3 stories of segregated dens, some larger than others. I do recommend getting reservations, especially on weekends because they only have a few seatings a night - remember you're there for all those courses. I've seen many times where they've had to turn people away and told them they were booked for the night. Just remember, eating here is an experience, not a meal! 

Overall, I love this place.
Marrakesh is a unique dining experience hidden away in a South Philadelphia alleyway. 

Ambiance:
Marrakesh is all about the experience. You start by walking down an alley off of South Street to ring the doorbell. You are greeted by one of the waiters and instantly walk into a dimly lit Moroccan evening. The tables are low and rapped by benches instead of chairs. The walls and floors are draped in rugs and a belly dancer is performing on one of the many levels at any given time. The dining room is organized into several different rooms across the levels so, while tightly packed, every dinner feels intimate. Marrakesh is best enjoyed as a group, as tables seem to be made for 4-15 diners rather than one or two. 

Food:
The food here is good. Every diner enjoys a tasting menu that starts with an appetizer of different types of moroccan salad, is followed by a chicken course, and then a choice between beef and lamb. The meal finishes with a couscous course, a fruit course, and mint tea accompanied by Baklava. The staff is able to make the main courses spicy or non-spicy and vegetarian options are available - even if its just one person out of the group. All of the dishes were good and definitely had the punch of flavor I'd expect from Moroccan food. 

Drink:
This restaurant is BYOB. They seem to sell some drinks from some of the other reviews, however its not well advertised and I was unclear of what they offered so I brought my own. $3 per person uncorking fee. 

Service:
The staff definitely tries to accomodate everyone and provide a great experience. . My biggest complaint is that they don't offer silverware! Save for the couscous, you are forced to eat every dish with your hands or pita bread - no wonder they give you a bath towel instead of a napkin! When we asked for a fork and knife for our chicken, they informed us that they did not have any. Marrakesh should at least keep some on hand for those diners that are less adventurous about eating with their hands. 

Value:
You get a lot of bang for your buck at Marrakesh. For only $35 a person (gratuity included), you leave having tasted a wide range of Moroccan food and feeling stuffed. Absolutely recommend you go here at least once for the experience - but come hungry!
Everything is pretty awesome here.  The service, the decor, and the delicious cuisine all add up to a unique night out(keep in mind, they only take cash!  Hit the ATM before you go). 

The meal starts off with some of the best carrot/cucumber/eggplant salads you'll ever have, and the follow up courses don't fall behind.  The 2nd course is a meat pie(watch out! its very hot! pro tip: pick up piece of this with bread so you don't burn your fingers)....

I was going to continue this review with a comprehensive review of all of the courses, but I figure its best to just leave them a surprise.  the bottom line: Everything is really good.  Don't be afraid to eat with your hands.
Can all my friends choose to have their birthday/graduation/anything celebrations here so I can have a justifiable reason to come here all the time on my grad student (aka almost non-existent) income?! 

I came on a Wednesday evening for a friend's birthday, so it was nice that it wasn't too crowded, but on the flipside, it's a bummer that I missed out on the famed bellydancers for the complete experience. However, it was still like entering an enchanted non-Philly world with the gorgeous Middle Eastern tapestry adorning all the walls and beautifully patterned colorful cushions/couches for seats. 

I love how this entire meal is such an experience - from being welcomed when you ring their doorbell to enter, to the gracious host who jokes around with you as he introduces you to the freaking amazing seven-course meal to come, to the rose water hand washing over a giant metal pot, to the little towels that they give you to place on your lap as an adult bib etc. I also love how everything is family style (sharing is caring :P), and you mostly use your hands/bread to eat (so reminiscent of my childhood growing up in the Middle East!). 

I just looooveeeee Moroccan food, and so to my delight (and diet demise), there was legit SO much food over the seven-courses. I could barely move at the end of the meal. My favs was probably the eggplant in course #1, the sweet and savory platter of course #2 with sweet and savory, and the cous cous of course #5. Somehow their timing of bringing out each course was impeccable, and just their service overall was way above par. They even let us bring a homemade cake for a friend's birthday and brought it out for us with sparklers on it with the last course. AND they played a Moroccan version of the "happy birthday" song in the background as they brought out the cake - yes, this means that you SHOULD plan your next birthday here!

TL;DR - five-star establishment fosho!
A few years back I went to Morocco and fellin love with the food. So my friend brought me here during a shopping trip to Philly and again fell in love. This restaurant is off South St and is in a little alley. The entrance has a huge red door with a big knocker on it, so make sure you knock. A big man comes to the door and lets you in to be seated. The decor consists of dark rugs and tiles everywhere, which makes it feel cozy. The tables are bench seating which is perfect bc its family style food and comes in 7 courses.

1st Course- 3 platter salad. Cucumber& tomato, Carrots & eggplant. I am not a fan of eggplant but I LOVE the eggplant the most.
2nd Course- Bastella. A typical Moroccan type of meat pie made out of phyllo topped with granulated  sugar, cinnamon mixed with eggs, chicken and some other stuff. Wasn't my favorite but worth a try. I like the phyllo topping the most. 
3rd course- *I'm already full fyi* CHICKEN in a lemon sauce with olives! Savory, delish, fall of the bone baked chicken I have ever had. Obviously this is baked for hrs.  My friend literally sucked the bone dry. 
4th course- Choice of Lamb or Beef Kabob. Not a fan of lamb so we went w/ beef. Beef was tough and over cooked for my taste but I still ate a couple pieces.
5th course- Couscous. Vegetables, chickpeas  & raisins. Can not possibly eat more.
6th course- Basket of assorted fruit. (We took this to go)
Last course- Mint tea with Baklava. Tea was delicious and the pastry was sweet and a perfect ending to my meal. 

This place is a must every time I go to Philly. I LOVE THE FOOD HERE!!!! FYI cash only... and its very well priced.
Well... Where to begin. Marrakesh is this restaurant that is off a side street of 5th and south. The place has a pretty inconspicuous green awning that's pretty easy to miss. The door is always locked, so you have to knock to get in and are promptly greeted by a gentleman (who is extremely nice I might add) and you are taken to your seats. The dining rooms at Marrakesh aren't your typical ones. The rooms are styled on Moroccan tents with sofas, pillows, and tapestries on the ceiling. It is a very different looking restaurant that I think looks nice and certainly stands out.
Now for the part we all care about.. The food!!! Marrakesh doesn't really have a menu, they have a pre-set four or five course menu for about $35 (and yes, you read that right. It's always restaurant week at Marrakesh). My favorite was this pastry stuffed with eggs and chicken and covered in powdered sugar. There really isn't much else to say about the food other than you would have to be crazy not to love it.
If you never have been here then go, and if you have been go back. I certainly will.
Marrakesh is located on an alleyway with a locked door (tip: knock using the metal knocker)!

However, do not let appearances deceive you. Marrakesh is not just a meal, it is an experience (great for people new to the city of Philadelphia). 7 courses over the span of two hours:
-1st vegetable course - make sure you take plenty of pita, and the eggplant is FANTASTIC
-2nd powdered sugar and egg filled pancake - sweet and savory!
-3rd spicy / not spicy chicken - try the spicy! its not too hot, but has great flavor
-4th lamb and/or beef kabobs - personally, I love the lamb
-5th couscous - I was so full by this course I did not even have a chance to try it
-6th fruit dish - pretty standard with apples, grapes and strawberreis, I skipped this as I wanted to save room for dessert :-)
-7th baklava and honey mint tea - best way to cap a great meal (see below!)

The food is absolutely delicious. Make sure you try the lamb for your fourth course! The baklava at the end is icing on the cake - very crispy and oozing with honey.

The staff is courteous. They made sure to come check on us often. The owner even came over and greeted us because it was many in our group's first time. They were more than happy to take photos of us as they washed our hands at the beginning.

If you have a large group of people trying to bond / create new friendships, this restaurant is great because nothing like eating with your hands will bring together a group of new friends. The atmosphere is lively and exciting, so it adds to the energy level.

As a FYI - Marrakesh is BYOB, which makes it that much better. If you have forgotten to bring a bottle, the house wine is very reasonably priced (~$12 for a carafe). After about 6 carafes / bottles of red wine, our group of 8 became great new friends. 

TL;DR? Quick summary - BYOB, very traditional and delicious Morrocan food, lively atmosphere, courteous & knowledgeable servers and great overall experience. I would definitely recommend this restaurant!
Foodfoodfoodfoodfoooood so much food it seriously seems like a joke.

I made the rookie mistake of gorging myself on the pita and veggie appetizer. Next time around, I will avoid all bread products to leave plenty of room in my stomach for the plethora of meats that show up in the whopping SEVEN courses (maybe even 8?) they serve you at Marrakesh.

Don't get me started about how much I loved having to knock on the door to get in or being greeted by a six foot tall Moroccan dude in thick 80s specs and a monk's robe. The staff are insanely friendly, the decor insanely beautiful and the food insanely good. 

My fav courses were the chicken course (it's literally falling off the bone), the "egg and chicken funnel cake" (as my friend and I dubbed it... trust me, it's incredible), and the beef kabobs. I have a feeling I would have loved the baklava too... unfortunately I didn't make it that far. I got to the cous cous and had to abandon ship. I literally couldn't eat another bite. 

If you want a ton of delish ethnic food at a ridiculously insane price (and like your friends enough to not mind their grubby hands all over your shared platter of food), head to Marrakesh. They will take care of you.
There are seven deadly sins.  One of these, gluttony, just happens to be prevalent as you enjoy the seven course dinner at Marrakesh.  Located down a back alley, if you find it, you're on your way to some really unusual and delicious food.

Now, Marrakesh is nothing to look at on the inside.  Tight and cramped, with oriental rugs hanging all about, its probably high on the list of city fire traps.  If you sit on the top floor, you might want to bring an escape ladder.  But hey, what's life without a little risk?

And the risk/reward payoff is in your favor as you embark on the seven course dinner.  Pretty much everything is eaten with your hands, served in big communal bowls that everyone at the table partakes in.  Don't invite the guy with the big boil on his hand.  Leave him out of this one.  They also give you a towel to drape over your legs, as a mere napkin could not possibly catch all the food that will fall out of your hands on to your lap.  If you soak these towels you could make soup.

All the dishes were great, from the vegetable appetizer to the weird chicken in pastry with powdered sugar, to the lamb and then the baklava.  You can get carafes of house wine that are pretty good and go along well with dinner.  At some point during dinner, a belly dancer will make an appearance and you can watch the gyrations as you fumble lamb over your towel graced lap.  If you want something a little different...oh hell a lot different...then check this place out.  It was packed from 7:30-10:30, so a reservation on a weekend would be a good idea.  Also, belly dancing is way underrated.
I love Marrakesh, simply put. The menu is solid, and even though there isn't much choice, I am a fan of all of the dishes-- even the second course. It's the atmosphere that is really spectacular, though. Think harem-- lots of beautifully embroidered pillows, low tables, and mood lighting. It's really quite a fantastic experience. And the belly dancer just makes the whole thing come alive.

About the food: the server will ask you which dish choices (mostly type of meat) you like, and then the production begins. They wash your hands with rose water, then you start with a few different salads (the Israeli salad and the carrots are great) and eat it with pita bread. Make sure you take a lot of the pita, because it will be your plate and fork for most of the dishes. After the appetizer, they bring out some sort of egg and sugar and dough concoction. It's good, but don't think breakfast eggs or it won't taste right-- think light and airy, not heavy like a fritatta. Then there are a few meat courses, which are well-roasted and tender. This is where you get some say in what dishes you get-- chicken or beef, spicy or not, etc. Then, the last courses are a giant plate of fruit and baklava. The baklava is great. I love it.

Note: the house white wine is amazing. Best pitcher I've ever bought. The rosewater (to drink) also has great flavor. All drinks other than tap water are not included in the $25 price. You must pay extra for wine, rosewater, cola, and mixed drinks.

I always find myself raving about Marrakesh to friends, to put it simply. You can't beat $25 for 7 courses, period. BE SURE to bring cash (and make a reservation), because they do not accept credit cards.
This was an amazing experience from start to finish!  We were here on a Sunday night but still called to make a reservation since it was recommended.  When we got there, the door was locked.  We rang the doorbell and knocked on the door.  We thought this was kind of strange at first.. but it almost felt exclusive as well.

The man that greeted us was very friendly.  He explained how everything worked there from the hand washing for a starter to a description of all the courses.

We ended up having 2 carafes of the house white - chablis for $12 each.  Can't beat that.  The portions are enormous!  We had 3 people and wanted to continue eating.. but it was just too much food.

They come to you with a basket filled with pita bread.  Grab a couple pieces because you will be eating it with all the courses.  Of course, they will bring you more if you ask.. but better prepare instead of waiting in case it is a busy night that you are there.  We started with The Three-Salad Platter.  This was definitely my top favorite.  Light and flavorful.  I wanted to keep eating it but I knew we had to save room for the other courses.

The B'Stella.  A phyllo dough covered layered pie with eggs, chicken, raisins, etc.  Topped with powdered sugar and cinnamon.  Not a fan of this at all unless I was just going to the eat the phyllo dough with the powdered sugar and cinnamon as a dessert.  Beautiful presentation though.

Spicy Chicken in Cumin Sauce.  WOW!  So good.  We got half a chicken and it was cooked perfectly.  So tender, meat fell right off the bone.  It was spicy, but not too spicy.  The sauce on the top was phenomenal.  I couldn't stop eating this.

Tajne of Lamb with Almonds and Honey.  This was really flavorful and delicious.  I didn't think I would like it with the honey because I like savory.. but this was really good.  The lamb was really tender, fell right off the bone with the perfect amount of fat.

Coucous Grand Atlas topped with vegetables, chickpeas, and raisins.  This was ok. We didn't really eat much of it because we liked the other courses so much.  I liked the vegetables on top.. but the couscous was a little too sweet for me.

Basket of fruit, baklava, and hot mint tea.  We were so full from all the other courses we could barely get through eating dessert.. but I had to give it a taste.  The baklava was good but too sweet for me.  The hot mint tea was delicious but also too sweet for me.  It was great for a dessert though.  Fruit was fresh and kept chilled. 

This was a great experience.  Would definitely recommend it to anyone visiting Philly.  Looks like it would be a really fun experience on a busier night like Friday/Saturday when the place is more packed and there are belly dancers.

Will be back if I am ever in town.  They say the courses haven't changed in 37 years since they have been there.. amazing.  Also there are 3 floors.  Went upstairs to the 2nd floor to use restroom and got to check it out.  Feel like I traveled to Morocco for a few hours.

And they have very attentive service!
Finally got around to going to Marrakesh!!

It was a fun and unique restaurant experience. Upon entering, you are surrounded by beautiful tapestries on the ceiling and walls as well as carpets on the floor. You're seated around gold tables on fabric benches. Apparently the whole restaurant is 3 stories and is very good for groups! When I went, it was just my boyfriend and I. At one point they blasted the music and a belly dancer came out. It felt a little kitschy. 

The meal itself is $25 per person excluding a compulsory 18% gratuity. You eat everything with your hands! The restaurant is a byo and they also sell alcohol for fair prices. The meal is 7 courses and you get TONS of food, so come hungry! 

The first course consists of cucumber, eggplant and carrot salad! This was yummy but pretty basic. They occasionally come by with a basket of pita to help you eat! 

The second course is a filo dough, egg, almonds and powdered sugar! This was interesting but was really hot. It made it somewhat challenging to eat with your fingers. 

The third course was chicken.  You had the option to get spicy or mild chicken. We selected spicy. This chicken was spicy but was wonderful! It was super tender and was the perfect amount of spicy. 

For the fourth course, you have the option of lamb or beef kabob. I ordered the lamb and my boyfriend ordered the beef. The lamb was extremely tender and came with honey and almonds. It was a sweet dish that I enjoyed but if you are not a fan of sweet food, I would not order this! The beef kabob had great flavor with tons of spices but was pretty tough. 

The fifth course was couscous with fruit in it. This was fine but not very notable. 

The 6th course was a fruit platter and the 7th course was a delicious baklava type thing! It was flaky with nuts on the bottom with honey. This was delicious!

Overall, this was a really unique experience and ambiance! I think it would be a great group byo place. Some of the courses were better than others but overall the food was good not great.
This is definitely a hidden gem! Such an authentic experience. 

It was a group of 4 of us and we made reservations the day before. I was very excited because I had never eaten Moroccan food and always up for something new. 

When we arrived at this very unique door we had to knock on the door as if we were visiting someone in Morocco. Loved having to do that!!! The man at the door knew exactly who I was.. Not sure how but he did..lol.. We were seated on the third floor which I never expected because from the outside you would never think there is so much space inside. 

OK.. So as for menus.. There are no menus.. They offer a Prix fixe menu which is a 7 course meal. The food is so delicious and flavorful. Something that anyone who may be somewhat of a germaphobe you eat with your hands however the waiter washes your hands with rose water. 

It definitely was a great experience and would definitely go back !
This is a philly treasure.

 I Was in Morroco This past summer for a wedding, so I really had a chance to taste most of the morrocan food .I felt like i was back there. The spices and flavors are authentic. There were 6 in my party a celebration for my daughter going to nursing school. The chicken was tender with the flavors i remember. If you dont like spicy then dont eat the skin very hot ,eat the meat underneath  the flavor soaks down through the bone so its not as spicy at the base. The lamb was tender sweet and excellent with almonds. have a very light lunch so as to have room to enjoy the whole meal. We were there on a monday evening so it was not a crowd, we were not rushed and had a faboulous time .I would say go during the week as the weekends can be hard to get a reservation.The owner and family are very nice people they were telling us they just had there 30th anniversary before the thanksgiving holiday. I have never been there on a weekend because i am a last minute reservation person and that wont do for the weekends there enjoy.

Bring your favorite wine or spirits

Cheers
$25 for 7 yummy courses. You can't beat it! It's a fun place to go with a group and has become our favorite girls night out stop. Come hungry, because the food never stops coming to the table. Vegetarian or vegan? No problem, they got you covered. 
This isn't a meal, it's a whole night's experience. And a super fun one!
Sometimes the wait can be long, even when you have a reservation. But it's worth the risk. 

Don't forget to bring $1s for the belly dancers!

Tip: They're cash only and BYOB.
A truly one of a kind experience. I don't know exactly what authentic Moroccan food entails but this $25 price fixed menu (cash only) is a great deal with a ton of variety and flavors to accompany each course. 

They start you off cleaning your parties hands with rose water which you dry off with your "napkin" that is the size of a beach towel. Throughout the meal they bring you pita bread which sits on your lap and serves as the only utensil you will be using. 

Carrots, cucumbers and eggplant come out first and were one of my favorites. There is a little kick to the eggplant and a bite with the cucumber in pita was my favorite combination. The second course was a chicken pie in phylo dough topped with powdered sugar. Personally not my favorite and a little awkward with the pita bread. Also this is more like a dessert in my opinion but sweetness seems to be a reoccurring theme in the reviews. 

For the entrees, the spicy chicken and honey lamb were both amazing. There was 8 of us and we were presented with 2 giant birds to tear into. Luckily we're all good enough friends to not judge the savagery of ripping apart the chicken limb by limb and stuffing our face. The lamb also had almonds which I appreciated. The next course was a couscous with raisins and chick peas which I only had a few bites of as the quantity of food ingested was adding up at this point. I would have preferred this to come out as a side with the meats but nonetheless this dish was a nice change of pace.

For the grand finale there was a fruit trey and baklava. The fruit trey was well, a fruit trey complete with full apples and unpeeled oranges, sort of odd. The baklava was the perfect finish to a great meal.

The belly dancers only add to the fun this place provides especially for a large group. It's BYOB so make sure you bring enough to last through this marathon of a meal.
Marrakesh is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly, primarily because it is an *experience* beyond simply going out to eat.

My primary piece of advice? PACE YOURSELF. Because otherwise you will have to roll yourself home and immediately fall into a food coma. And it would be tragic to waste all of that romantic lie around on pillows/eat with your hands/feed each other grapes sensuality. Jus' sayin.

Most people have commented extensively on the food, but I will say that the chicken falls off the effing bone - go for the spicy sauce. I enjoy the cinnamon/confectioners sugar chicken pastry but they give you WAY too much. And the lamb is far superior to the beef kebabs. 

I = fan. Nom nom nom.
I've read a lot of reviews on here for Marrakesh and noticed that some say 5 courses while others say 7 courses.  Here's the truth:  It doesn't matter!  It's a ton of food and it's all worth the $25 per person charge.

This place is awesome!  Service was great and very welcoming and the atmosphere was dark and inviting.

Here's a quick overview:
- Yes, it's down a little alley off of South Street (right before 4th)
- Yes, you have to knock/ring the doorbell to be let in
- Yes, it's dark
- Yes, you sit at a couch around a round table
- Yes, you eat with your hands (with the exception of the couscous course)
- No, the chicken isn't dry.  (I'm not sure how this could even be possible.)
- It's not listed as a BYOB and has alcohol available, but the larger party next to us brought bottles and the server gladly opened it for them
- Yes, the meals are lengthy (our party of 6 was there for ~ 2.5 hours)
- Yes, it's really only $25/person (plus tax, tip & drinks)

Go here - you will not be disappointed!  Bring friends!
i have a thing for eateries/restaurants where you can eat with your hands. it is like there are no rules and it is a free for all for the food. i dig it. 

my friends i went here on a  busy friday night. we had reservations, but that didn't really seem to matter. we ended up waiting over 1 hour! granted, the owner was wicked sweet to bring us wine to keep us warm, but the waiting outside in the alley and smelling the aroma of delicious food was torture. i felt as if i was trapped in my own personal inferno. 

the atmosphere of this place is lavish. pillows and you are all sitting close to other tables. an intimate place. i felt like we were at a harem sans the million wives. 

the chicken with olive and lemons was delicious. the chicken was so tender, it slid off the bone. some of my peeps are vegetarian. if you tell the staff ahead of time, they can accommodate. the pastry with eggs and Cinnamon and powdered sugar was decadent.  also, when they come around with the bread, take a bunch because you need it for all the courses. 

the mint tea at the end was really good, but too sweet for me. the staff is friendly and we were there for a belly dancer. but, my friend totally served her! 

our meal took over 4 hours and due the wait, all our wine was comped. it was my first time having morroccan food and i loved it. although i did not eat for the next 2 days! i think they have pillows there because after you eat, you wanna nap and dream of more Moroccan food!
Marrakesh is obviously all about the experience. From the low-key location on Leithgow Street to the doorbell you have to ring and wait to be greeted before entering. The interior is dimly lit and full of vibrant colors from tapestries and decorated pillows that adorn the seating areas. Our party of six was seated in a backroom upstairs - incredibly comfortable and got me excited for the meal.

The waiter first arrives and asks for very few decisions about the 7-course meal. We opted for the spicy chicken and then the lamb entree, accompanied by a vegetarian option for our one friend. We also ordered two carafes of cheap wine - $12 each. The waiter then returns with a partner carrying a giant metal bowl with a teapot on top. He asks that everyone puts their hands in the center of the table then pours water over them and asks you to wash up; a towel is placed over everyones' hands to dry off. They soon return with smaller towels that are draped over your laps in indication of the messy meal that will soon begin.

The first course is a three-salad platter consisting of cucumber and tomato - coriander marinated carrots and cooked eggplant in tomato sauce. They bring out a giant basket full of pita breads and offer you to take as many as you'd like. This salad was delicious and probably my favorite part of the meal. Next is a giant pie made of phyllo dough stuffed with scrambled eggs, parsley and ground chicken. It's topped with powdered sugar and cinnamon. This wasn't well received because the chicken was sparse and the dish was too sweet overall. It was also very hard to eat the crumbly ground chicken and eggs with your hands.

Two main courses are presented - the first being an entire roasted chicken covered in a spicy cumin sauce. This chicken was delicious, perfectly cooked but the skin was not crispy enough for my taste, fortunately it was easy to remove. Next is a roasted lamb shank off the bone, covered in honey and slivered almonds. The meat was cooked well but like the chicken pie, this dish was way too sweet for my tastes. Finally is a couscous with chick peas, raisins and shredded chicken. I prefer my couscous sticky and salty but this was very sweet and moist, almost stew-like.

For dessert you are brought a plate of bananas, oranges and apples, a plate of delicious baklava and very sweet hot mint tea.

Overall Marrakesh is a lot of fun - you get to experience a traditional Moroccan meal and have plenty of time to relax and chat with your friends. I would have prefered less sweet and more savory dishes but others might disagree. Expect to spend around two hours eating. After wine we thought it was a bit pricey but still not too bad for the city - it came to about $37 a person including tip.
A few major problems with this place. First of all from the second you walk in you feel like they are rushing you. The place closes at 10:30 according to the website and I made a reservation over the phone wanting to come in at 9 as I was driving from almost 2 hours away. Immediately the owner basically begged me to come in at 8:30 or 8:45 and I said I'd try. By the time I got there it was 9:20 or so which was later but once I got in and with only one other table there and an hour until closing they didn't want to seat us unless we had reservations and then were very bugged we were there although it was over an hour before closing.

Second of all this place is cash only but they do not tell you when you first sit down it's not written on any menu or on their website. I did see however that it is on Yelp but you have to look for it. I was in the embarrassing situation of having to look for cash after eating because this place has no ATM and the one across the street was broken.

The poor waiter we had was such a great person. Kind and nice. Very patient and with top quality service. If I could give him 5 stars I would. I don't think it was his fault at all. But these are just issues with the restaurant.

Overall if these two issues were fixed I would come back but not until then.
Came here in January for my birthday, during covid. It was one of the first nights that indoor dining reopened for Philly, but you wouldn't know here. I highly suggest making resection at any time of the day or night that you will come.  The place is very small and crowded, maybe the word is intimate.  You will get to know your neighbors.  That being said, prepare for a glorious family style meal. 

I would like to state that the service was imepcable, and earned 3 stars alone. Despite how crowded this place was, everything ran smoothly and quick.  The severs were so friendly, and suggestive. You can tell they take extra care  into their cusromees. 

That being said...onto the food.  The chicken was the best. It's buttery, and falls off the bone. Beware, it can be boney so you'll have to dig around. The vegetarian options for the meal were layered in flavor. Cous cous was cooked perfectly too.   The appetizer that was a flakey crrust was and sweet with raisins, was probably neck and neck for my favorite item.  My date was not happy with his kebob, he said the meat was overcooked.  We were a group of 3 and took home alot of food, as the potions were huge.  To end the meal, we had mint and honey tea which was the perfect night cap. We each had a piece of baklava,  which wasn't the best I've had. It felt frozen or too hard. They also brought out alot fruit. This might be a custom for them to do, but I think the fruit was very wasteful. I'd rather get more tea and baklava. 

I would come back in a heart beat.
Marrakesh is a hidden gem in the Philadelphia food scene. It's definitely a place to come if you want to experience something different. 

Like most reviews on here state, I walked up to a little green door in an alley where I was greeted by the friendly and enthusiastic owner. My friend and I were quickly seated and briefed on the menu. We washed our has with the rose water, stocked up on pita, and dug in! 

First Course: Salad platter. Ranking: 1.) Eggplant  2.) Carrots 3.) Cucumbers. The eggplant is by far the winner of this course! 

Second Course: The phyllo  pastery stuffed with chicken topped with powdered sugar and cinnamon. I agree with most reviewers. This is interesting. Not the greatest dish you will have, but definitely worth trying. Eat it for the experience, but save room for what is yet to come.  

Third Course: Spicy Chicken. This chicken is tender and juicy. It falls off the bone! While it's not too spicy to be deemed "spicy" chicken in my book, it is still an excellent dish. 

Fourth Course: Lamb. The lamb is tender and packed with flavor. The sweetness of the honey and almonds adds a flavor combo like no other I have experienced. I did find the dish rather difficult to eat though. There was a high bone to meat ratio. 

Fifth Course: Couscous. This couscous was delicious! It was very flavorful, but honestly I could only eat a little since I was getting extremely full.

Sixth Course: Bowl of fruit. Ehhh.. it was a bowl of assorted fruit. What else can I say? 

Seventh Course Baklava and Mint Tea . The baklava was not impressive. It was dry and had too much dough not enough nuts. Definitely not a highlight of the meal. The mint tea. OMG the mint tea. I loved it! It was sweet and minty. It was a nice refreshing palate cleanser. The mint wasn't overwhelming like drinking mouthwash (which I semi-feared) 

Overall, there are some aspects of the meal that need improvement, The atmosphere is fantastic. The decor is like you are transplanted into a Moroccan home. It's cozy and welcoming. The staff is friendly and accommodating to those who do not eat certain items. The service is fairly quick. You are always eating something! I would recommend everyone experiences Philly's little Morocco at least once.
As I sulk over my wisdom teeth removal and thus my inability to eat, I'm reminded of all the good food I took for granted. Luckily the thought of my next visit to this lovely place gives me strength for a speedy recovery. 

Marrakesh stands out with its unique dining experience and amazing food, coupled with delightful service and BYOB - I highly recommend coming with a few people to fully enjoy the atmosphere and prix fixe menu. Our group of 7 recently came here for a rare reunion dinner and were treated to an amazing experience & delicious courses. None of us was familiar with Moroccan food so were pleasantly surprised when the server introduced a communal rosewater rinse (this is a all hands on meal!) and towels over our legs as napkins and holders for fresh pita bread. Yes please. 

The food comes out one by one in a big serving platter/dish, and it's meant to be shared. Just trust the system and enjoy everything - the flavors are rich and amazing even for someone unaccustomed to the cuisine. I loved their starters, spicy chicken (came as 2 while chickens for our group), and lamb - but really every course was delicious. Be sure not to eat too much pita in the beginning and save room for the rest!! 

We sat shoulder-to-should in one of their semi-circle lounge tables - which was the only part that could've been better. However, the slight discomfort inadvertently made for easy conversations and an intimate familial experience that were very much appreciated. Can't wait to be back!!
This is my all time favorite restaurant in existence. This place has been around for 40+ years-- my dad dined here as a kid with his parents. 

The menu never changes- and it shouldn't. For about $25 pp (CASH ONLY) you get a 7 course meal. A variety of chicken and lamb dishes as well as some cold salads and cous cous. 

Not to mention the atmosphere! Very dim lights and you sit on a bunch of pillows. You eat with your hands too. 

Make sure you don't eat for the entire day so you can fully enjoy your experience!
Came here on a Saturday date night. It was a  very unique experience. Its a fixed priced BYOB place. Prior reservations are highly recommended.

So, we arrived on time for our 8pm reservation and we saw a big party of 15 people just exiting restaurant.  We had ring the bell and someone came and opened the door. We were seated immediatrly on the ground floor. They have additional seating upstairs as well. They came and washed our hands on a bowl at our seat. We were give towels. The food is brought by table and you have to use your hands to eat the food. So they give towels. It's a 7 course meal that starts with appetizer, main course and ends with fruit salad and finally Moroccan mint tea. They had Moroccan chicken and beef for main course. They do have veg options too. We got our own bottle of wine, but I do remember seeing some alcohol bottles there. 

There is no menu.  You eat what they have made on that day. Good 7 course meal and it's served by the most polite staff. The owner came on rounds to check how the food is and was extremely happy and warm to greet us. You can box the food that was left over. I think it was the best meal I've ever had and the left overs lasted us for next day lunch. There is belly dancing once very 30 mins for 5 mins. She was very talented and entertaining. It came around $70 for 2 people. And the owner showed us to the door for send off.

The entire experience from the time we entered to the time we left was very unique. Unique ambience (very Moroccan), unique food and amazing taste. Can't recommend enough.
This was my first time trying a Morrocan place so I wasn't sure what to expect. When we got inside, it was a tiny place (basically the small living room of a house) kind of size. There were maybe 4-5 tables total with a max capacity of less than 20 people. It was very cozy so you can kind of see every other person and table in the place. 

There is no menu and it was just a seven course meal for everybody. You do get some choices like whether you want spicy or non-spicy chicken and also if you want lamb or beef for one of the dishes but there wasn't a whole lot of choices to make (which worked for me since I wouldn't know what to order anyways). I don't want to get into detail with all the courses because that would make this review obscenely long but I will say that the food was great (especially the eggplant). 

It seems to me that regardless the size of the party, certain dishes have the same portion, such as the first course with three different veggies and pita on the side, the second with a sweet kind of pastry thing, and the chicken, etc. Only certain things like the kebabs (fourth or fifth course?) was dependent on the number of people. I do have to warn you all about something though. If you come here with just a party of two, do NOT, I repeat, DO NOT try to finish all the food. I was brought up to always finish my food and not to waste anything. I also have a reputation for eating a lot (I once ate ten lobsters in a single sitting) and I was stuffed by the end. There was even fruit as a final course (with a cup of minty tea) and I had like three grapes and just could not go on. And the whole time, I was thinking, damn this is gonna be expensive since there was so much food (including meat). In the end, it was only $25 per person (excluding tip and tax) which I thought was an awesome deal considering the amount and variety that you get.

The vibe was definitely nice and would be a great place if you wanted to take a date to (just be careful not to eat too much cuz your belly with be bursting at your date if you do). It's also BYOB so if you want to come here with a group of friends, it would also be a great place to do that also (I know I definitely will). I won't be back here anytime soon since I'll be out of the area for a bit but I know I can't wait to show some of my other friends this place cuz it's the bomb!
If you've been to Marrakesh once, it's enough. Twice is too many.

Reasons to go:
1. Fun dining experience, especially for groups.
2. Price is right. Many courses for $25. BYOB. 
3. The spicy chicken is didic. As in ridiculously tasty. 
4. They're very accommodating to vegetarians.
5. They're very accommodating to food allergies. 

Reasons not to:
1. If there was a fire in the building, everyone would die. 
2. If you're claustrophobic, you won't be comfortable here. Three floors, low ceilings, small spaces.
3. If you're germaphobic, you won't be comfortable here. I asked for a serving utensil for our (whole) chicken and they wouldn't give me one. Hands only.
4. The pita leaves much to be desired. It ain't fresh. 
5. One of the courses is a bowl of fruit. Like an unpeeled banana and a bunch of grapes.

I would hate to see what this place looks like with the lights on.
My whole heart !! We've been here twice and had truly exceptional experiences both times. The first time we visited we had no idea it was a set, coursed menu. Mountains of beautiful food kept coming out to our table and it was truly a dream. Our party of two sat outside in the alley which is charmingly decorated with lights and rugs.
The second time we came back with a bigger 5-person party for my birthday. We sat inside at a large table in a corner and were really comfortable.
Dishes include a vegetable course, bastilla (egg, chicken, powdered sugar - it's good!), spicy or mild chicken, beef or lamb, couscous, fruit, and baklava. You can make a few selections to personalize the experience, like how spicy you want your chicken.
Staff was masked and covid-conscious both times and displayed the utmost professionalism. 
I spent a summer in Morocco a few years back and can confirm that this is truly an authentic restaurant! Eating here was both delicious and nostalgic.
It's cash only and the tip is included. The check spells it out.
How? How have I not reviewed Marrakesh? In what crazy world am I living in where I haven't written anything about a place that is as delicious and fun as Marrakesh?

It probably goes something like this:

Before Marrakesh: "Sweet, we're going to Marrakesh! I have to remember to review it."

After Marrakesh: "I lube glodishshes cuse they sooooooo dleiciosau! Got gordfrhshes!"

If it wasn't clear, Marrakesh is one of my favorite group BYO places in Philly.

Their trio of Moroccan salads, by itself, is good enough to warrant a visit. Everything is served with giant pita that you scoop the food up with. You will eat ALL of the carrot, cucumber, and eggplant salads. Trust me. Then, there's the lemon roasted chicken, and the other one with crazy spicy sauce whose name I don't remember, but is also so kickass that I think I still have a boot print on my derriere from the last time I was here. They also have this savory sweet flake pastry omelette that I always think won't work, but it's surprisingly good. It's like if eggs and french toast did the little Goku fusion dance, and morphed into their final form. For dessert, fresh fruit and baklava. Delicious.

I tend to go with groups of 10-15 people. You know. THAT group. The one they tuck away in the corner because we ruin other people's dining experience with profanity and sassmouth. Anyway, don't worry - the place is laid out like a treehouse, and you won't see or hear me there! But you will feel it, like a drunken disturbance in the force.

Shoot, I'm on my way there tonight with like, 25 people. You'll hear us on the way out.
This place has it all. Fantastic experience, food, atmosphere, and service... and its BYOB too! 
Located in an ally, you really have to know where you're going. You must knock on the door (i felt so VIP) and then they'll welcome you in. Once you're inside, the place opens up. It felt like I was in Marrakesh - low tables, couches, pillows, and beautiful decor. Someone [the owner maybe?] explained the courses to us and even adjusted the menu because we weren't eating red meat. 
You start with washing your hands, and then they give you a towel to use throughout the meal. FYI: you eat with your hands, don't ask for utensils. 
1. Started with veggies and pita. There are three kinds [eggplant, cucumber, and carrot] and they all taste so good and so different. 
2.Flaky pastry covered in powdered sugar and stuffed with chicken and egg. This plate came out piping hot, so it took a while for us to dig in. It was a nice mix of sweet and savory. 
3. Spicy chicken.. dare i say it?? BEST CHICKEN IN THE CITY. Its fall off the bone, tender, packed with flavor and spices goodness. I could have jussst had the finger lickin good chicken for my meal. 
4. Hummus - this was the replacement for the lamb/beef kabobs. It tasted like authentic hummus. None of sugar and random flavors. Simple and delicious. 
5. Cous Cous - I'm not a fan of cous cous, so I can't really give an good review for this dish. sorry!
6/7 Baklava, Fruit, and tea. - Baklava was a 5/5, i dont think there is any place in the city that has something that even taste close. The fruit was a little bruised, so we didn't go for that. And the tea was hot, sweet, and a perfect way to end the meal. 
Rose water: simple, sweet, delicious drink. Very Moroccan.  A nice way to clear the palate in between dishes. 

To sum it up.. try everything because its good. Pace yourself, relax... its A LOT of food. and most importantly, enjoy the experience!
TLDR: GEM IN QUEENS VILLAGE/ SOCIETY HILL 10/10!

I have never loved a restaurant more than I love Marrakesh. 


Amazing food - accommodating staff - beautiful and intimate ambiance - amazing experience - all for a great  price  

I went with three friends - we wanted to sit outside but the outdoor seating option is only available on weekends.

You must knock or ring the doorbell to enter which gives such an exclusive-secret club-type vibe and I am here for it. 

The inside is small and holds about 8-9 tables so make sure to make a reservation.

After being seated, they placed towels on our laps and washed our hands with lavender (?) scented water.

It's a preset menu ($25 pp - cash only) but they will accommodate you (as much as they can) if you have dietary restrictions.
My friend has a nut allergy and they made extra dishes for her.

Everything is served family-style and even though we were a party of 3, there was still food leftover. We couldn't even make it through the final dish and had to take the rest to go.

The B'Stella is a layered pie with chicken in a flaky dough and it's topped with powdered sugar. It was absolutely mouth watering.

The chicken and lamb were so tender!

Make sure to pace yourself so you make it all the way to desert!! And even if you can't finish the dinner, just ask for a to go box and make sure to enjoy the hot mint tea and baklava - the hot mint tea really soothed my full stomach and was so aromatic.
This place. These people. Great food, but really great for the ambience. I've been here  afew times with big groups, and that's the way I'd most recommend it - with at least 4 people if you can swing that. 20 is even better ;)

Everything is brought out family style, and the restaurant knows about and can be vegan friendly -- we simply seat the vegetarians and vegans next to each other, and the vegan/veg friendly plate comes that direction.

BYOB yet they also have cocktails so I'm really not sure how that works, NOR DO I CARE BECAUSE THAT'S THE BEST OF BOTH WORLDS. For a fixed price dinner, it's a fantastic experience. There are also belly dancers some nights, if you're into that, they're very talented and great for a large group!

Reservations are a must!
Went here for a friends birthday with a group of 8 people. It's BYOB so make sure to bring your wine! Everything is served family style, so there are no individual entrees. You have two starters and three entrees to share as a group. Food is served on one big serving plate and everyone eats off the plate. You don't get utensils until the last course so be ready to eat with your hands.

We got the Three Salad platter, B'Stella, spicy chicken in cumin sauce, lamb tajine and couscous. The eggplant in the platter and  the spicy chicken in cumin sauce were delicious but everything else was mediocre, at best. The B'Stella tasted like a funnel cake with chicken underneath. It was basically a chicken pot pie layered with powdered sugar on top, which was not that appetizing. The honey in the lamb tajine was too overpowering, making the meat taste very sweet, which was not that enjoyable. The dessert was also a disappointment. They gave us a fruit basket of apples, oranges and bananas. There was nothing unique or exciting about the dessert. 

I heard many good things about this resturant so I was very excited looking forward to this dinner beforehand. This resturant did not meet my expectations. The food was disappointing. The inside was also unpleasant. The lighting was dark, and not too welcoming. I wouldnt recommend this place, there a lot better options for middle eastern food.
I have been to Marrakesh a couple of time now and it is definitely one of my favorite spot in Philly. I know that anytime I have out of town people coming to visit me, I will try to bring them there. 

Let me start me the ambiance. The place is located in a small alley near South Street and you have to knock on the door to get in (kind of freaky when it is your first time. I would recommend making a reservation as they can get a lot of people and the restaurant is not that big. I have never been in Egypt so I cannot tell if it could be an Egyptian restaurant but it sure looks very different and original. The service is great and I like that they bring some entertainment to your meal during the week end. 

Now to the food. Oh MY GOD! It is so much delicious food that even if you are full and you feel you are not going to be able to stand anymore, you still keep on eating! My favorite is the bastilla. It is just amazing but I also love the platter with eggplants, carrots and cucumber/tomatoes salad and the honey almond stewed lamb. Again everything is delicious but if I had to choose three, these would be my choice. You can read on other reviews about the menu so I will spare you the details but I can't emphasize enough on the quality and quantity of food provided. 

The place is BYO and the meal is $25 per person 9not including tips and taxes) which I find very cheap given the amount and quantity of food you get.
One of my favorite places to take people to!

The entrance is in an obscure af alley, at night it can feel almost ominous as if you're about to be a part of an adrenaline filled secret meeting as you ring the doorbell and wait for the server to come out. Instead of a secret meeting, however, you are treated to a comparable if not superior delight: an evening of gluttonous despair. I say despair because you will inevitably be disappointed in yourself when the courses keep coming and you just can't consume as much as you want of it because word of caution, please starve yourself and come famished, the food will be filling. 

After the servers say "you will love it" ten times, they will bring rose water for the group to wash their hands in, as this is crucial since we will all be sharing AND be using our hands to eat (no forks, Americans). 

You will then be treated to 7 delicious courses. First off, who the heck allowed anyone to make eggplant so delicious? Eggplant is an emoji, it is a phallic symbol, it comes at the bottom of the dim sum menu (ngl though, dim sum eggplant is bomb too) and yet it is a great freaking starter at Marrakesh it's what it is. It tastes almost like asado (certainly looks like it) for all my Latin friends. All the courses are yum. My personal highlights were the second (a kind of omelette with lots of meats and powdered sugar on top - we freaking devoured that ish) and the fourth (the lamb with almonds - holy cow (or should I say lamb), watch out Cristina @south philly barbacoa bc Moroccans can steam/cook lamb - the meat would literally fall apart as you tore at it savagely with your pita bread - delicious!).

Its a great BYO option, no cork fee. Sometimes there's belly dancers (sooooo fun!). Pretty affordable for a 7 course, FILLING meal. Pls go
First things first, it is $25 per person. All tables are served the same food (aka no menu, you eat what you're served -- but you do have the choice of meat and can mention dietary restrictions i.e. gluten free).

The night starts with everyone in the group putting their hands in the middle of the table, over a bowl, as a waiter pours rose water over everyones hands. This is their way of washing hands - as you are about to eat your meal with no utensils!!! Yes, the entire meal is meant to be eaten with your hands. However, if you can't eat without a fork/knife, the staff can provide you with them.

Seems as though there are two different seatings. When making the reservation, they said availability was only 6-6:30 or 9-9:30. I like this idea of having a time window for being seated.

A belly dancer gave a two song performance during the night - great entertainment!

The food includes pita bread, vegetable appetizer, a couple of meat platters, fruit platter, and finally a dessert platter.

When we received the bill, it seemed a bit high. The waiter, while  stumbling over his words, said the corkage fee was $18, $6/bottle. This was a shock to us as all Yelp reviews said there is no corkage fee (and the waiters didn't mention it when they opened our bottles). Disappointed by that.

ALSO - IT'S CASH ONLY!!!! Come prepared.

One star off for corkage fee miscommunication and we felt a bit rushed.
I was debating pretty hard about whether to give this place a 2 or a 3, but I landed on 3 and here's why.

The experience really does set this place above what it could be. The atmosphere is decorated so well it really does make you feel like you are eating in a Moroccan home. The lights are all dimmed and it feels like you are in someone's living room rather than a restaurant. I actually thought this was really cool and liked it a lot. The tables are unique as well. You don't sit in chairs, you sit in like circular couches or like pillow stools, with a big circular table in the middle that everyone is around. No plates, no utensils, no napkins.

They begin by explaining the whole menu to you. How everything is traditional, etc. You only really get a couple of options for food, everything else is pretty set. You get to choose between 2 things for 2 of the courses. It is a 7 course dinner though, so most of it is done for you. They also have a decent size drinks menu (with a full bar), so that's nice. The drinks are pretty cheap too. We kept ordering the house red wine throughout dinner, for $12 a bottle. It was actually very tasted and seemed home-made, definitely good quality wine.

Before you eat they bring a rose water hand rinser to the table and everyone's hands are rinsed in the center. It was pretty cool. Then they provide each person with a towel to place on their lap to eat on. Like I said, no plates. The no utensils problem is solved by one of two things. For the appetizer (too juicy to use your hands), they pass around a basket of bread. You can take as much as you like and this is what you use to grab the food with. All other courses you can just use your hands though so it's fine to not have bread for them, but would be nice I guess.

First course was AMAZING. 3 different things in the same plate. Eggplant mixture, cucumber salad, and a carrot mix as well. Everything was so delicious. The second course was a sugar/cinnamon/egg mixture cooked in between a dough. It was good but kind of dry. To tell you the truth everything seemed kind of dry besides the first course. Then here is where they let you choose. You could have either a lemon chicken or a cumin chicken, and either beef or lamb. We got the lemon chicken and the lamb. Chicken was very juicy and very tasty. Lamb was dry and overcooked, but still had decent flavor.

They never did come back with bread after the first course, which I was pretty upset about, and overall their service was pretty poor throughout the night. Drinks came out VERY slow, food took a very long time as well, everyone was like falling asleep in between courses. 

After those 4 courses come 3 lighter ones. A vegetable and chicken Couscous dish was next, which was very tasty actually. After that was two dessert plates. I plate of fresh fruit came out next. All the fruit I might add was very sweet, fresh, and tasty. Lastly came a small piece of Baklava for everyone, with a small glass of hot mint tea for everyone. Both were incredible, ESPECIALLY the tea, some of the best tea I have ever tasted in my life.

If the service was better and the food was a cooked just a LITTLE more tediously, I would have given it a 4. However, if it weren't for the great experience and atmosphere and unique environment, it would have gotten lower, so take it as you will. They also had a belly dancer which was pretty cool I guess.

For a $25/person set price (without drinks), you really can't beat that. The bill came to like around $425 or something for us, but we had like 11 people AND ordered like 4 bottles of wine. Also they added gratuity and with taxes and stuff, that's not that bad.

Assessment:
Food : Mediocre - Good
Atmosphere : Very good
Price : Very good
Service : Bad

Use that to figure out if you want to try it out or not, but I definitely recommend giving it a shot at least once. I'll probably go back, but not with as big of a group to see if that was why their service stunk.
This place is definitely for the adventurous foodies. You should know that the front door doesn't have a knob and you have to knock and wait for the owner to let you in. The idea behind this whole experience is this is how you would be served if you were to have dinner at a Moroccan home. This includes seven courses of delectable traditional Moroccan food. You get to choose the meat for two of the courses, but otherwise everything is already decided. 

Make sure you're starving, and you go with at least one or two other people since you will be served tons of food to be shared amongst everyone. After the owner seats you he goes over all of this with you as you wash your hands under the elaborate kettle he provides. Why you may ask? because you eat everything with your hands! The decor is also elaborate and inviting, surrounding you with vibrant colors and patterns. Everything I ate was like nothing I've ever eaten before. It was so tasty we were disappointed that we couldn't finish.
We called ahead of time to make a reservation for 12 people. The attendant failed to tell me that the price was a fixed $25 per head. We ended up arriving to find out that we must all pay $25/hear regardless of whether we brought a big appetite or not. They were nice enough to let  us pay for 9 people even though there were 12 of us. The first course had eggplant which was delicious but the subsequent courses were terrible except the sheesh kabab which was decent. The baklava dessert and fresh fruit were good to eat after the nasty courses following the eggplant.

Finally at the end of the evening five of the guests pulled out credit cards and the rest paid in cash. The owner told us that they do not take credit cards! This should have been the FIRST thing they said to me when I called to make a reservation. Do they think people randomly carry around $270 cash to pay for food? He had the nerve to tell me that the restaurant has been here for 33 years and they have never had any problems. If they have been here for 33 years, they should have invested in a credit card machine by now! Then he said that the guests can go across the street to an ATM. I told him they better figure something out because I'm not making five people go looking for an ATM. So he charged the credit cards over the phone to his other restaurant and did not give us receipts. I will be looking for my credit card statement to make sure there weren't any issues. I will never go back to this crappy scam restaurant.
One of my favorite food adventures to date.

Once you enter the restaurant from the back alley, it's like entering a different world. The restaurant was decorated with rugs, pillows, sofa seating, and even the tables were big circular metal ones with ornate carving. 

It's a 7-course meal and the details are probably repeated in my reviews below. So, I'll just jump to highlights about what I'd recommend ordering.

Chicken with hot sauce ON THE SIDE (5/5): For those of you who have people in your party that don't like spicy food, make sure to ask for hot sauce on the side. The hot sauce is pretty spicy, so to avoid excluding those who don't have high tolerance for spiciness, this is the best way to go.

Beef Kabob vs. Lamb: You can ask for half of each! For a party of 2, I was able to ask the server to give us a try of both... while I liked the lamb better, my friend liked the beef more. The lamb is marinated in a sweet, honey/rose sauce with almonds (delish!)

Baklava (4/5): My only complaint is that the baklavas were way too sweet... after one bite, I was overwhelmed by the amount of sugar I just consumed that it overpowers the nuts in the pastry.

Overall, must try adventure when you're in Philly!
Booo. This place sucks!

Service is TERRIBLE. 

Food is GROSS. The only items palatable were the hummus and eggplant salad. The chicken and steak "kabob" seemed like it was heated, over and over again.

This place is pure novelty. It's popularity based on the fact that you sit on a couch and eat with your hands. Big freaking deal.
I went to Marrakesh with a group (9 of us total, including Gracie B who reviewed below) and we had a great time.  Definitely great for groups.  We chose it because we were told they would be able to accomodate our vegetarian friend, and it fit into everyone's budget.

Heed the other reviewer regarding the directions.  And if you drive a big SUV with a navigation system, don't drive down the alley to get to the restaurant - it's ridiculously narrow. OH, and if you also have parking assistance, you'll find your car beeping at you madly while you're scared half to death that you're going to take off the sideview mirrors of several parked cars.  ;-)

Once we made it to the restaurant (unscathed), though, the food was great.  I mean, it was great for Moroccan, which I'd never had before so really have nothing to compare it to.  They did a GREAT job with our veggie friend's courses, creating special things just for her (not just giving her more cous cous or something.)  

My only complaint would be that there's basically no selection for wine.  Your choices are red or white, who knows what brand, and the white I had wasn't very good.  If you care about wine (and are dining with others who share that opinion) it might be worth it to call ahead and ask about BYO.
I've done the Morroccan experience before, so I knew what to expect. Our group of 8 really enjoyed our time here, especially since we had some first-timers. We came well stocked with wines and beers to supplement a multiple course dinner!

After covering ourselves in towels and washing our hands, it was time to get down to business. Towels were great since eating with your hands is not an easy feat, at least not for me. Course after course, we indulged and explored new and interesting tastes. We all raved about the first 3-salad course of eggplant, carrot, and cucumbers. Don't hold back on the pita. Grab 3 or 4 because you'll need them to help grab the veggies! The second course of B'stella was great! By looking at the towels around me, this was the messiest dish. The third course of spicy chicken literally fell off the bone, and was very flavorful. It came out super hot, so the pitas that came around helped. For our fourth course, we chose the lamb with almonds and honey over the beef. The lamb did not disappoint, and the honey definitely added just the right amount of sweetness. By this time, all of us were stuffed, yet we had two more courses! The couscous was probably our least favorite since it had to follow some strong dishes. Thankfully, the fruit and delicious mint tea helped slow things down. Baklava was also a nice treat, thought it wasn't anything to write home about.

Overall, I'd recommend this place. For date nights, group dinners, and large celebrations. Since it was such a large feast, perhaps slowing down the pace will help! Service was friendly, and since we were there during the weekend, we did get to see a few belly dancers pass through. You'll know they are coming when the music gets louder.
Wow, so impressed by this restaurant, or maybe I should say experience. The customer service was amazing from beginning to end! I called while at work to make a day of reservation for Saturday and was accommodated even after notifying them I would be late. The decor inside was amazing, the  only thing I would possibly add is a candle on the table for better lighting. As we were seated a server came over and greeted us,  he then notified us of the 7 course set menu and asked if we needed vegetarian options! We are both meat eaters and we're fine with the regular selections but I must say if I ever had a meal that would make me become a vegetarian again it would be the first dish! Amazing, deliciously seasoned/marinated vegetables with pita cooked to a level of perfection!  All the dishes where delicious and unique in their own way. The chicken was so tender and our server put the spicy sauce in the side since we were having a hard time deciding on the spicy or lemon chicken. They even let us have one lamb kebob and one beef, my boyfriend wished the lamb was seasoned more but he likes salt on everything, I was able to enjoy the cultures cuisine as it was served. The mint tea was perfectly sweetened and the dessert course of fresh ripe fruit and sweet baklava was the icing on the cake. We never wanted for anything the whole time because the servers were so on top of everything, one of the managers Samir even stopped by to speak to us! The 7 course meal was $28 per person when you bring wine (byob) and they add tax and 18% gratuity (well deserved + more). On Saturday they have a belly dancer that comes around for your entertainment and to make you feel emerged in beautiful Morocco without even leaving the country! This place is truly a gemstone right off of South street in Philadelphia your wonderful experience begins upon entry to the restaurant and only gets better from there. Don't miss out and remember to pace yourself so you don't get full too fast! 
Addition: Totally forgot my boyfriend got a stain on his white shirt and the server rushed to grab some club soda for him to get it out. Much appreciated since this was just the first stop of our night!
Marrakesh is an experience. 7 course meal for just $25, served with a lot of love. Their menu has been similar the two times I've been here. They start you off with pitas and dips, then move to the different courses. They are a byob with a small corkage fee. You can choose from a few options that includes all 7 courses for vegetarians too. Service is impeccable. On weekends, they have a belly dancer
This is a place everyone in the city has to come to at least four times. It's totally divey, you have to knock on the door to enter. There's not a white spot on the walls, everything is covered in carpets and pillows and texture and pattern. Very Middle Eastern and gives off a great vibe. 

the best part about the menu is you don't have to think about what your'e going to order and you know for a fact you'll be getting good food. The waiter will tell you what the course list is (7 courses for $25!!!!) and you just sit there waiting to be amazed. 

In between each course they wash your hands with rose water so you feel flowery and fresh and ready to eat more. Oh, did I mention YOU GET TO EAT WITH YOUR HANDS?!?!

This is a great place for groups, and I actually encourage it. The price ends up being cheaper, you get more food, and you'll have a guaranteed good time.

As for drinks, it's BYOB, but you can get carafes of house wine (which is pretty good) for $12, and it serves about 4-6 glasses. Not badddd.

Seriously, everyone needs to go here.
EATING WITH MY HANDS?!!  LARGE HEAPING PILES OF FOOD READY TO SHARE?  FINGER LICKING GOOD CHICKEN?

Sign me up!!!!

I love me some good Moroccan food, and Marrakesh surely did not disappoint.  I had the 7 course 'tasting' menu (is that what it's called?) and I left like 10 lbs heavier.  Despite going with 8 other people, we still found it difficult to finish everything.

From this delicious powdery-cake/pie-with-meat-stuffed inside to quite possibly the most succulent chicken I've had in a while...this place was delicious.  The eggplant stuff in the first dish was also a big big winner in my group.  I'll be back...but I think I'll bring 12 people this time!!
A lot of people love this place. I, on the other hand, don't think I could ever love someone who loves this place.

First, it's hard to take an "ethnic" restaurant seriously when they make a carnival out of their own ethnicity. Sure, a lot of girls think the medieval Moroccan outfits look cute on the waiters, but at the end of the day, theme restaurants are for small children and their parents -- I don't need costumes when I'm out with the gang at an expensive restaurant in an alley-like street off South.

Second, the prix-fixe meal was nothing earth-shattering. If you've never tried Moroccan food before, you'll enjoy yourself, just as you would discovering any foreign cuisine for the first time. But the presentation and the core ingredients of the meal, like the filo crusted chicken, are very, very simple, suggesting that what you're paying a good bit for here in Philly is the same as what you'd eat for next to nothing in Morocco.
This is my favorite place in the city to go for large groups. They are so accommodating and because of the type of seating (you sit on cushions/benches around a low round table) it's easy to add to or remove from the total number of people last minute. Makes planning events for large groups so much less stressful.

While that in itself is reason enough to come here, the food blows it out of the park. Seven course meal starts with 3 salads - cucumber and tomato, eggplant, and carrots. They're all great and you eat them from a shared plate with pita bread. Don't worry - your hands have already been washed with rose water at this point. If you eat meat this course is followed by a chicken puff pastry (which is not my favorite thing, you can ask to substitute for hummus or something else though), then a whole roasted chicken, a platter of lamb that is out of this world, a platter of cous cous and finally baklava and mint tea for dessert. Also, they'll bring an entire basket of fresh fruit that you'll be too full to eat but can bring home with you. All of this for $35 including tax and tip...out of this world!

The ambience is everything, decorations are so cool and you will be joined by a belly dancer at some point during the night. 

Also, although they serve alcohol, and at super low prices, you can still BYO which is awesome. Seriously, love this place!!
You can't beat $5 martinis now, can you?  The food is great with generous portions.  There is only one thing on the menu so that makes everything easy.  The atmosphere is great - it feels like you are in Marrakesh and I've been there so I know .  This is a great place for a third date, after you have determined whether you like each other or not 'cause you eat with your hands.  Turns out forks and knives are for losers after all.

Did I mention $5 martinis? Order them right off the bat because the food is going to come out fast!  And the food is dang good!
"Sure, I'll walk down this shady alley with you lured by the promise of food."

Yes, these may SEEM like famous last words, but here I am, living to tell (type?) the tale. Wise to my love of dining outings that double as interesting experiences and err on the side of ritualistic (read: fondue, Korean BBQ a la table, Hibachi, Brazilian, etc), a date recently took me out to Marrakesh. And despite my scouring of Yelp for all the hot jams, Marrakesh snuck under my radar. No longer.

We knocked on the door (no secret knock required!) so that the owner would unlock it. And we opened up to reveal a gorgeous, dimly lit room decorated head to toe in tapestries rich in color and cozy couches just yearning for folks to cuddle and fill their bellies on. If you've been here before, you know the drill. If you haven't, you've got your very own drill sergeant to lay down the law (ok, he's no drill sergeant. just a sweet old fellow dressed in a comfortable looking brown robe and ready to answer all your questions.) 

Hands doused in rose water and then dried with towels, you then lay MORE towels on your lap (hey! I do this at home! Great to enjoy that little habit at a restaurant) so that the frenzied style of eating all the delicious foods doesn't dribble down onto your pants. Pro tip: load up on the bread, you'll use more than you think and you'll be happy you don't have to leave your cozy seat to grab some extra pockets of dough.

First course of cucumber, carrot, and roasted eggplant salads starts the meal off strong. The roasted eggplant salad is more of a dip, and it's a dip I want to swim inside with my mouth open. They did something to carrots for me that hasn't been done in a while: made them appealing.

The phyllo dough-wrapped chicken/egg/apple(??) pastry was not really my favorite, a strange example of savory-sweet that wasn't really working for me. 

The spicy chicken... oh my gosh. Mouth on fire, couldn't stop eating, licking my fingers, leaving only the bone TASTY! Wouldst that I could make chicken like this, I would never leave the house (except to purchase more chicken). 

The honey almond chicken was not really something I'd write home about (though I will write a yelp review about) but handled the savory sweet much better than the phyllo dough phy-esta. I liked the almonds as an added crunch.

I wish the cous cous had come earlier in the meal, as I felt a general filling-malaise setting in (maybe it was the $12 carafe of wine my date and I split) but I just wasn't feeling the energy to attack that dish.

Luckily, my energy picked RIGHT BACK UP when presented with baklava. Lip-smacking, nutty baklava that just rocked my world. If only I could take some home.

I was mesmerized the entire night by a fellow who was sitting next to us all alone, and getting the meal extras put into boxes, but in retrospect, as I wobbled home, I think he might be a genius. Rather than gorging all at once, this would've been a great time to bring a book, read and eat, and enjoy a second version when I wanted leftovers!
For $25 you get:
* Lavish decor - you will dine seated on tasseled pillows, the walls hung with lamps and Morroccan rugs, the floors lined with ornate  Moroccan tile, the air ringing with Middle Eastern rhythms.
* Your hands washed with rosewater
* A dirty stained towel laid across your lap (seriously, I have towels like this in my tool box)
* All the stale pita bread you can eat (and you will eat it, bc you won't be getting utensils). Is this authentic? Who knows. You can deal.
* A plate of three salads, one delicious (eggplant), one nutritious (carrots), one suspicious (is fresh cucumber supposed to be soft?)
* A bizarre baked egg/ cheese (chicken?) custard in pastry dusted with enough powdered sugar to strangle the Dunkin Donuts man.
* The sudden realization that everyone else here is also here for the first time, and maybe that means something
* Flabby overcooked chicken - pretty sure it was boiled, or possibly drowned (read on). You have two choices: if you order Lemon chicken, it will have lemon slices and come pre-drowned in a cloying lemon sauce, if you order Spicy Chicken, it will come bobbing in what tastes like bad Sweet and Sour sauce.
* Beef shish kabob cooked to the texture of a Red Wing boot (get the lamb?)
* Flavorless couscous that's almost floating in chicken broth.
* Decent baklava and mint tea
* A bowl of fruit on par with what your could get at Wawa.

Drinks extra.
S. Leithgow Street - you are REALLY shady!  My friends and I had to double check to make sure we are heading down the right street (really, an alley).  At the end of the block, you will find yourself in front of a locked door.  Ring or knock, someone will come get you.

The interior is really awesome.  Carpets and fabrics covering almost every inch of the place.  As a courtesy and tradition, they bring over a basin to wash your hands.  You will be eating with your hands, no matter how hot the food is - so wash and burn away!

The seven course meal started out with a great trio salad:  cucumber, carrots and eggplants.  With our unlimited pita bread, we did our best to pinch and scoop.  I would've preferred the pita bread to be warm/fresh.  At first, I wasn't very comfortable leaving my cold pita bread on the table with no plate - but as you keep digging in with your hands, you can't help but shrug it off.  My friends and I killed the salad, and regretted it almost instantly.  First course out of seven, and we didn't want to be too full for the meat!

The second course was a chicken and egg pie with powdered sugar and cinnamon.  It was sweet and a little salty/meaty.  Not to mention hot!  It took a lot of burning fingers to get the first few bites.  This was a hit or miss - I just didn't know how to appreciate it.

The third course was chicken (spicy or not spicy, your choice) and the fourth course was beef or lamb, your choice again.  My party got the spicy chicken and lamb with honey and almonds.  I was looking forward to the spicy chicken from the start.  It was tender and juicy, some spiciness but not much.  However, my surprise of the evening was the lamb.  Prior to its arrival, I told my friends how I can never tell if I would like a lamb dish.  I can't do the strong game-taste.  Boy, this lamb dish is as mild as you can get!  The honey and almonds (not overpowering) is actually great with the lamb.  I also love that it's the lamb on a bone, tendons and all the meat-fallen-off-the-bone goodness!

After that, it's couscous with vegetables - almost tasted like vegetable soup.  Then fresh fruits and baklava - was told it tasted like diabetes so as a person with no sweet tooth, I declined.

Marrakesh - we missed the belly dancing but the place was cozy and exotic.  I felt like I was far away from Philadelphia.  It was a great experience and excellent seven courses.  However, I don't think I would be returning unless the menu changes up often.  The only thing I would miss is the lamb course - and I didn't see that coming.
Where do I begin?? This place is a hidden gem but I guess that's what makes it seem so exclusive. When you walk up to the establishment you have to ring the doorbell to be let in. You're greeted by a friendly doorman dressed in traditional Moroccan attire. When you first walk in you're thinking that's it? A small room with comfy couches and pillows? But no it seems like this place is never ending with levels and levels and levels of rooms. It just keeps going around and around. The next floor was more rooms and a belly dancer already doing her thing. Then we went up one more floor and were seated on a comfy red couch with nothing but pillows. The lighting is very intimate and after the first 15 minutes I felt like I was in a trance. 

when you're seated they wash your hands in a bowl then you're given a regular towel to dry your hands with and use as a napkin. Your waiter comes and tells you what to expect for the night and asks you if you have any allergies or food preferences. Then after that each meal that comes is true Moroccan food. After a while I forgot I was in Philadelphia. This place is great for groups and I suggest you try it out but be prepared for the 18% gratuity already added to your bill. I will definitely be back with a larger group!
There's a remark in one of the reviews here criticizing Marrakesh for food that can be had for much cheaper in Morocco.  That is true, of course, if you live in Morocco.  For the rest of us who don't have the luxury of forking out a grand or two for a round-trip ticket every time we crave something Moroccan, Marrakesh is probably our best bet for some really unique and tasty chow.

When you arrive, you'll probably notice a couple things: there is no glamorous entrance and also no menu.  Due to its eclectic location in what is basically an alley, you will probably feel a little lost trying to find its obscure entrance.  That is OK; you're on the right track.  You should probably draw yourself a map before you go though.  As for your food choices, everyone gets the same thing.  It's a seven-course meal for $28, though it feels more like six.  Either way, the whole thing costs about the same as a single entree at most fancy restaurants, and satisfies better.

After the ceremonial rosewater hand-washing, our meal began with two appetizers. The first, Salad Marrakesh, is a combination of three salads: carrot and eggplant purees, and what looked like chopped tomato, green pepper and cucumber, your more traditional variety, all in olive oil, mint and cummin.  The B'stilla Royale that came next tends to be popular with all who try it.  Stuffed inside the phyllo crust is an assortment of savory ground chicken, egg, almonds and other yummy goodness.  The pastry is topped off with powdered sugar and ground cinnamon for good measure, and will leave your taste buds dancing from flavor to flavor.

For the main course of the meal, we had a very succulent Cornish hen braised with olives and lemon, a lamb with almonds dish that probably could have been a little bigger (if only because I love lamb), and a good helping of couscous with assorted vegetables.  Personally, I don't like couscous, but the vegetables accompanying it were fine.  I can't say the chicken or the lamb were the best I've ever had, but they were both still pretty darn good.  A yummy mint tea poured from above our waiter's head (quite a spectacle -- see photo), followed by a dessert that was sadly more average than special, rounded out a very delectable evening.

Random (but important) notes:

1) Ladies, don't wear anything delicate or uncomfortable in tight situations because the seating here is just that.  In general, ladies AND gents, you'd be well advised to not wear anything you would mind getting dirty since you *are* eating with your hands.

2) I'm not 100% sure on this, but I could swear that the alcohol list was limited to just "red" and "white", which is probably for your safety since eating with your hands is best done when not inebriated.  Do make arrangements for drinks elsewhere though unless you can confirm BYO status (doubtful).

3) There were no belly dancers when I went, and I don't know if this is just how it is for this particular Marrakesh, or if we went on an off-night.

4) Don't forget to make reservations well ahead of time.  Marrakesh isn't a place you can just show up at; they won't let you in unless you have one (I've tried).

FOOD:       %%%%1/2
SERVICE: %%%1/2
DECOR:    %%%1/2
VALUE:      %%%%%
------------------------------
OVERALL: %%%%1/4

(out of %%%%%)
%%%%% = Must Try!
%%%% = Pretty Good
%%% = Average
%% = Not So Great
% = Hall of Shame
This place is wonderful. When you go youre going to feel super special, as this places is impossible to find and you feel like a celeb being let into a secret place. It is located on a little ally and has a big green door, you have to knock (yes im serious) to get in. The secret password is....LOL kidding there is no password.

The food is great. You get a 7 course meal for 25 bucks! several of the courses you dont get to pick but you can pick the 2 meat courses. The food is amazing. They also give you unlimited pita bread which is great, because they dont provide you with silverware and you need something to scoop up the food! The food portions are huge and they do not rush you during each course! It is also a BYOB and they have liquor as well (and cheap $12 carafes of wine). Only downfall is that if you go often, there is a lack of selection because the menu never changes! 

The place itself is small, with couches and cushins around little tables, but there are 3 floors, so plenty of room. I usually go for special occasions with large groups of people. Also, on weekends there are belly dancers!

FYI: its CASH ONLY so bring your dollars. Dinners for me usually last around 2.5-3 hours so make sure you have enough time. and HAVE FUN!
YEAP THIS PLACE CRACKED MY TOP FIVE. 

hi my name is Alyse and I'm a Marrakesh groupie. 

This place was incredible. The food was incredible. We got a ton of it. The staff was excellent. I can't wait to bring ppl that visit here. Marrakesh- keep doing you. Y'all were great. 

For clarification: byo, no corking, but also sells (very reasonably) priced alcohol. 

Thank you for a GREAT time!
We felt adventurous... bold... travel-esque -- so we stumbled upon Marrakesh. Tucked away in an alleyway, you stumble through the door and immediately feel like you've traveled thousands of miles away. The room is dimly lit and the walls are shining in gold glamor. If you're like me - eating dinner out should be an experience and this certainly fit the bill on that front. 

Along the carpeted floor, a belly dancer naturally dances her away to every table, skilfully entertaining guests as the food gets brought out in waves. The meal is multicourse, set menu with all food eaten with your hands and it's a blast! The "chairs" are couches with plenty of room to lay back and enjoy the moroccon music. 

Even better - the restaurant is located right in the heart of south street so you'll have plenty of places to walk around after dinner. Overall relatively inexpensive for huge quantities of food so you definitely won't go broke.
FAN-TAS-TIC. From the ambiance to the staff to the FOOD, the experience was definitely worthwhile.  Our waiter was very courteous and we felt very welcomed the instant we stepped into the restaurant. There was about 8 of us which is probably the ideal number (8-10) comfortably sat around a round table. 
They started with the hand washing and distribution of towels (yeah we were dressed all nicely which is fine, but keep in mind that your pants might get dirty). The cucumber and eggplant portion (it tasted like beef lol) was delicious, the chicken/egg plate was odd but we liked the flaky stuff as we all choked on the powdered sugar on top haha Then came the meats; we had the mild chicken with olives where, its true, the meat just fell right off the bones, and we had half of the beef kebabs and half of the lamb. The lamb was dry, definitely go with the beef kebabs. The couscous was ok, not really great but it probably would have been better to give that before the meat courses because we were getting stuffed. The desserts were fabulous; incredibly fresh fruit,  yummy baklava, and tasty mint tea. The courses were nicely paced and we were finished dinner in a little over 2 hours. All of this for $25 a person! And if you get the wine carafe ($12), get the white wine. 
Now for those of you interested in the belly dancer, our dancer was not that great. She seemed nice but we weren't really into it. However, the other incredibly drunk parties were (luckily we only had to deal with them for a few courses).
So gather round some friends, pick a date, and fumble through your way to Marrakesh into the alley and the very dimly lit rooms. You'll like what you find.
Great restaurant! I came here based on the recommendations of two native Moroccan friends. You know the food must be good if a native recommends it.

With high expectations, I started my food journey. The address and doorway was a little hard to find (uber had no clue where this address was). We were transported to Morocco as soon as we got inside. I love their usage of color to heighten the whole experience. 

The waiter was very helpful and did not try to rush us as we decided on what we wanted to eat. He made sure to ask about any dietary restrictions and provided us with an excellent wine and food recommendations.

The food was very well seasoned. Make sure to pace yourself as this is a meal for champions. If lamb is on the menu, please try it. The best lamb I've had in a while. Be aware of the bones but it's so tender that the meat practically fell off. 

My next visit to Philly will definitely include a revisit to Marrakesh.
This place has been on my bookmarks for quite some time and I'm glad we finally went.  Immediately, we were transported to what felt like vacation for me.  It feels like your both near and far from South Street all at the same time.  We made the mistake of not having reservations but we were accommodated.  The two gentlemen on staff were extremely polite and helpful with the menu.  I didn't know going into this dining experience that the menu was fixed but nonetheless we were intrigued and satisfied with all seven courses.  It comes out to about $25/person which I think is amazing considering the amount of food.  This place is definitely somewhere to bring a group and share some drinks over delicious food!
It's been four years since I last paid a visit to Marrakesh and I did not regret saving one of my precious meals on this short weekend getaway to Philadelphia for Marrakesh.

Again, all the dishes were outstanding - the eggplant, carrot and vegetable salads. The pull-apart tender meats. The savory-sweet pastilla. Because all meals are pre-fixe, the dishes come out lightning fast without compromising on quality.

A word of caution - its cash only, and while it's $25 per person, this is pre tax and tax is 18%.

Can't wait to return to Marrakesh the next time I'm here!
Serious amounts of food. Cute little set up. I recommend trying one of their juice blends, but it's been awhile since I've been so I can't remember which one I tried. 

The 7-course meal was prepared with care and it almost felt like I was a guest in someones home. I recommend this place as a date spot if you're in a dining routine that you'd like to break out of! Also seems like the type of place my aunt and uncle would get a kick out of -- when they visit me from VT I'll be sure to take them here!
The friendliest and most welcoming staff I've ever encountered. Despite waiting an hour for our reservation, we enjoyed a delicious authentic Moroccan dinner, complimentary wine and belly dancing entertainment. 

Also loved the decor and Arabic music is a plus.... I cannot wait to come back!
My eternal search for great value in great food may have ended with Marrakesh. No, really.

When I agreed to go to Marrakesh, I had no idea what I was in for. I'm always up for trying something new, but usually I at least have a point of reference. This time I was saying to myself, "What IS Moroccan food, anyway?"

Turns out, Moroccan food is amazing. Every dish of the seven course meal was fantastic. The lemon chicken was amazing, and the lamb was like nothing I have ever tasted before. 

Eating with only my hands was a little odd at first, but by the end I was having a blast. 

Marrakesh is great for groups large and small. It has got to be kid-friendly. I can't wait to go back.
Big points for being very vegetarian friendly, and although we saw some couples there alone, I think it is probably best for groups.   This is a dining experience.  The food is good, but as Moroccan food goes it is not great, just good.  It's all about the customs and the atmosphere.  Remember to bring cash, they don't take cards.

Our group had seven people--five meat eaters and two vegetarians.  And while the vegetarians were not offered any options as to what we would get, there were only a few choices for the meat eaters, so we were very happy that we could get an all-veggie option.  And there was no hassle at all about serving two different dishes for each course (one for the omnivores and one for the vegetarians.)  Some of the things we vegetarians were served contained eggs, but since the waiter asked if we were vegan, I wouldn't be surprised if they could accommodate vegans--ask them.

It's all about the atmosphere and experience. The place is a series of small dark rooms. Lush jewel-toned fabrics and rugs and ornate brass tables with colorful pottery add a lot to the ambiance.  The walls are lined with low cushioned benches, and low tables are placed in front of the benches.  A group of nine people who shared our small room were lined up against a single wall, so make sure you sit between people you want to talk to, because you don't sit across from anyone in your party.  The music was loud, and we didn't have much luck getting them to turn it down a bit.  The belly dancer was beautiful and talented, and she didn't linger too long or run away too fast.  You are going to eat with your hands, and although they give you a bath towel to put in your lap, this will be a messy experience.  I don't suggest you wear a new silk tie or white shirt to dine here.  The waiters were friendly and accommodating, but don't go here if you are in a hurry.  
  
The salads were all really, really good. I can  describe the vegetarian entrees. (My companions loved the chicken and lamb dishes they had.)  Moroccans like sweet food.  To that end, I could have dealt with a dusting of powdered sugar on a mostly egg-based entree, but the thick coating that they applied fell like snow onto  my black shirt...for both the taste and the messiness factor, it was a bit too much for me.  Moroccans like lemons, too.  The spinach in filo course (only served to vegetarians),  was so overpoweringly lemony that I did not enjoy it.    It was also served burning hot.  This can be an issue when everything is finger food.  The vegetarian couscous was fine, and there was a delicious roasted grain course (I think it was barley?) that I would LOVE to get the recipe for.  The platter of whole fruits was lovely but not very practical (who wants a whole apple, orange or banana as their sixth of seven courses?)  We ate some grapes and berries, and left the rest alone.  The baklava was outstanding, but I would have appreciated something different and not so predictable.  There are SO MANY wonderful Moroccan desserts that Americans would love, but you won't learn about them at this restaurant.   The sweet and minty tea was authentic Moroccan, but way too sweet for my taste.  

I strongly recommend that for your first visit you go with close friends or family.   You are going to share one platter of food that everyone will be grabbing at and scooping from.   Stuff will get on you.  You will be licking your fingers.  You may find yourself face-to-navel with a gorgeous belly dancer.   On a subsequent visit, if you feel comfortable going with the gang from work, well, enjoy that!
