Pizza is good. 

I'm not really sure why people think this is either good or Italian. The food is generic, which isn't bad. But it's not good enough where I'll put up with the staff's shitty attitude. The place is a neighborhood fixture, approaching the end of its autumn years, and finding themselves with a shrinking local clientele base. 

The pizza is good tho. 

But if I were looking for a better dining experience in the same culinary genre I'd go to Noir or La Sacala or one of those places up the street. If I want good pizza without attitude I'll go to Izabella's. And if I want food so good that I'll put up with being treated like an asshole I'll just go to my parents' house. Or some place in Fishtown.
i came to marra's on a mission. MISSION: CARBS! ok, ok...it wasn't really my mission so much as my boyfriend's, but who's gonna pass up an opportunity to gorge on italian food? not this girl!

tho typically not a pasta eater, the bf was carbing up for the broad street run the following morning. as all carb-counting was off the table this night, he intended to go big - no healthy size portions here, thank you very much - so we headed to south philly. he had been to marra's before and chose it for this night because, it just has that, you know, south philly charm :) as a first timer, i was unsure quite what to expect, but sadly instead of getting a table downstairs, we ended up seated in the less authentic feeling upstairs. oh well.
 
we started with the antipasto rustico (he ate the meat, i ate the veggies, we shared the cheese) and a carafe of house chianti. he ordered the linguini pescatore with a white sauce and when it came out you could barely see the giant mound of noodles beneath the tons of shrimp, mussels, scallops, clams and calamari. minus the couple forkfuls of pasta that i mooched, he managed to eat every last bite. 

i, on the other hand, finished half my plate of eggplant parmesan + a side of penne and saved the other half for lunch. it's worth noting that i am VERY picky when it comes to eggplant parm, well, anything with eggplant for that matter. i like it thin, tender, peeled and preferably as seedless as possible. marra's *may* have left the skin on (i'm writing this well after the fact, so...) and it's hard to avoid the seeds, but it was perfectly cooked to my liking, and bonus points for lack of deep fried bread crumbs - this was the real deal.

our bellies full, we passed on dessert and paid our bill. the paper had more personality than our waitress who seemed to be indifferent to our presence. to her credit, everything was served accurately and in a timely fashion, so no points lost there, but none gained either. anyway... as we made our way back downstairs, we caught a glimpse of the cannoli filling being made in the kitchen and decided to get one to-go....oh, and a tiramisu as well. when my man wants his carbs, he gets his carbs!! 

glad we got the tiramisu as we both preferred it over the cannoli, tho it didn't exactly "wow" us. the cannoli cream was wonderfully authentic - ricotta cheese with more chocolate chips packed in than i've ever had in a cannoli in my life, and i was practically raised on them. it was not sweet like termini's (which are my philly fave) yet just as good in its own way. the shell, however, tasted like an overly crunchy egg roll wrapper. not sure if it was the dough or the oil or what...but after one bite each we tossed it - the shell, that is. we went to town on that filling!

as for value, our bill (pre-desserts) came to roughly the same $50 as 3 glasses of wine and an appetizer did earlier that evening at thirteen.
I'm so sorry to write a less than stellar review for Marra's, because I was very excited to try this place! With an adorable storefront that had been there since 1927, I had very high expectations which were not met. 

My friend and I decided to go for their special "Sunset Menu" so we could each try a soup or salad with an entree for $12.95. Not a bad deal at all, especially compared to all the higher-pricetagged places popping up along East Passyunk. 

My friend had ordered some wine... beware: you don't choose a label - you simply choose "chardonnay" or "merlot", etc. The wine carafe tasted like watered-down grape juice and didn't pack much of a punch; obviously from a box or gallon jug! 

We were given some stale white bread and butter while we waited for the meals to served, but the salad and soup were actually really tasty and were a nice starter. 

Finally, the entrees. My friend's shrimp scampi was well-presented and she did enjoy it. My crab linguini though, was nothing close to the "lump meat" that I pictured from the menu description. The crab was, instead, little shreds of white flesh that were speckled with shell pieces. I had to eat very carefully to make sure I wasn't swallowing pieces of shell with each bite. 

While we were eating, we noticed the server dining on his own dinner up at the bar. He didn't even bother to eat his food back in the kitchen, but out in the open! At one point he came over to our table while he was still chewing his bites. Gross. 

The decor of this place seems like it hasn't changed too drastically since the 1920's. I'm not sure if it's endearing or just too outdated. 

Once again, I was really hoping for a stellar experience here, but I'm glad I tried it.
What can I say? This is Old School Italian, and that can be a good thing but in the case of the meal I had today, it was not.

My friend Hal the vegetarian and I went here for an early dinner. Parking was a challenge, but this is Philly, so no stars off for that. The place was crowded, which often portends positive things and we got seated right away. The menu is extensive; that, too, can be good or bad. I ordered shrimp scampi and a Long Island Iced Tea (the server gave me a thumbs up on that choice). Hal ordered spaghetti pomodoro and we ordered garlic bread to share. This is a noisy place with lots going on at the tables, but Hal and I could easily carry on a conversation without shouting.

My drink was solid, boozy, cold and good. The garlic bread was absolutely pathetic. The bread was soft, like Wonderbread, it was lukewarm and I could not taste cheese, butter or garlic. My shrimp scampi came with 6 good sized, nicely cooked shrimp. The pasta was al dente and the sauce was something yellow-ish, thick and not tasting of much with a lemon wedge on the side. I squeezed the citrus, used a lot of the shaker of cheese. I happily ate the shrimp but left most of the pasta. Hal's meal was nothing special, but he is not a picky eater. Service was prompt, friendly and efficient.

I ordered tiramisu for dessert and got a delicious, big serving and cleaned my plate. Hal had cheesecake which he pronounced "delicious." The meal set us back $55. Not at all worth it if only the drink and dessert are noteworthy.

With all the new places to try on Passyunk, Marra's won't get my business again. Saying it was lackluster is being kind.
It's classic Italian. 
It's classic South Philly. 
It smells insane! Yum! 
Pluses for outdoor seating. 
Pluses for the water which already came with lemons without having to ask. 

Their pizza is great! I love that the sauce is cheese free and the dough is eggless. I also love the fact that you can create your own! Veggies galore. Our last visit I built my own with broccoli rabe, tomatoes, artichokes and garlic. It was perfectly crispy and quite tasty! 

My daughter's pasta with fresh tomatoes and oil was great. Fresh, and I like that they have eggless and gluten-free options. I had a bite. Luckily they didn't catch me because there is a $3 sharing fee which I hate. 

The table enjoyed the Caesar salad. My hubby liked his meat lovers pizza a whole lot. 

Negatives: Our waitress sucked!!! She arrived at the table. "Are you ready?" Oh hi, and how are you today? Ugh!!! I think she was a relative as I heard her call someone Uncle something so perhaps she feel like she can talk to the customers like family. I don't know, but I wasn't having it. We had to ask for water refills and oil twice. To-go boxes took forever. Actually SHE never brought them. Luckily there was a man near the front door kind of over seeing things who helped us out with some. 

The loud speaker was an absolute buzz kill. 
And $3 for a kid's chocolate milk is kinda steep.

This place used to be really great and the food still is. The ambiance, nasty servers and service SUCKS! 
It's a true shame.
Went here to carb-load before a race.  Left full of carbs, but otherwise disappointed.  

When you walk in, it has a dinery feel, which I liked.  Felt very down to earth.  Apart from that, my immediate impression was that it had a very strange and overall displeasing odor.  I'm not sure what it was, but it stayed the whole time and I didn't like it.  

We ordered the calamari and fried mozzarella to start.  The mozzarella was pretty good, but boring, and the calamari was bland and disappointing.  I got the Chicken Parmesan.  People are right, the servings are big - but I'd rather have it be small and tasty than large and blah.  But that's what they gave me.  Giant chunk of chicken, a very small portion of spaghetti, ironically.  I got bored eating it.  

We did order dessert and that was pretty tasty - a cannoli and a tartufo.  Both were quite good - maybe 4 stars on the dessert.  

Finally, the woman serving us was generally unfriendly.  Everything we asked for seemed like an inconvenience.  I won't be coming back here.
This was some of the best Italian food that I've ever had. The pescatore I got was remnant of what I used to get at the OG. This was so, so good. Mussels, clams, shrimp, calamari all mixed in with the pasta. It was all so fresh & tasty. I wish I could have it again. The portion was huge too with everything being very plentiful. There wasn't a shortage of any of the items. The pieces of shrimp were big. I would definitely go back here again. Highly, highly recommend.
Haven't been here for several years. I was concerned with the mediocre reviews.  Party of five. Everyone was very happy with their entrees.  Meatballs were up there with the best. Killer bread and home made pasta.  The only complaint would be the calamari was under cooked. I would have no problem returning here
Penne alla vodka.  Awful.  Watery sauce with zero salt and even less flavor.  Menu is a lie-
 "bits of prosciutto" in the blush vodka sauce? Laughable.  Not one piece of prosciutto. I am sitting here eating this and would be more satisfied eating the questionable chinese takeout my colleague left sitting in the office fridge from the beginning of the month. If I were in the restaurant I would send this dish back.  

Don't waste your money. Go microwave some easy mac, its a 5 star experience by comparison.
My go to and favorite place to get pizza in south Philly! Awesome and friendly workers. I usually get the meat lovers and have it cooked well done so I get that crispy crust.  The pizza is delicious with generous amount of meat toppings and the pizza is not so oily where you can fold your pizza and not have any oil drip into your hands. 

I'd definitely keep coming here.
A favorite spot of mine. I see a lot of people hating on the food and service, but I've got no complaints. I love the cozy ambience and I don't need frills and luxe service when it comes to affordable Italian meals.

The food is delicious - never had a bad meal here. For appetizers, skip the bruschetta b/c the bread they put on the table is good enough. Get the calamari instead.

The pizza is great (except for the mushrooms - I'd prefer fresh instead of the slimy canned ones). It's what they are known for, for good reason.

As far as entrees, you can't go wrong with the chicken parm. Penne alla vodka was incredible. You get big portions, enough leftovers for next day's lunch, which makes the prices more than reasonable.
I live around the corner from this place. 

Their pizza is excellent.

Their staff are some of the rudest people I've ever encountered. 

I won't be back and will never recommend it. 

I know other's feel the same way. That's why the other establishments around it are thriving while this place is dying out. 

Hopefully this place will go out of business in a few years and something better will replace it.
Stopping by to break a dollar for parking change, I was welcomed by a cheery server and manager thinking I was going to dine in. Then I popped the question if they could help me, and their demeanor changed completely and switched to brown-nosing and ignoring me.

Seeing this behavior infers that this restaurant is not charitable nor understanding, and that they are only nice when seeing that you are going to spend a lot of money. Who in their right mind would eat at a place like that? I'm sure their food is good, but there are limitless restaurants in the area who don't treat others like these folks do.
I've lived in S. Philly for 15 years and in that time, I think Marra's has gone downhill.  The waitresses are unfriendly, food is nothing special- especially given the quality of dining options that have popped up around it (which admittedly are also more expensive).  The pizza is pretty good and there's plenty of seating- which might make Marra's an attractive option for a family visiting the neighborhood.

Our worst experiences with the food specifically have been with ordering delivery.  I'm not sure how, but the quality has been lower- over-baked rolls, watery sauce and overcooked pasta.
You'd think that with so many restaurants opening in East Passyunk Av in the recent years, Marra's will up their game to remain competitive. I have seen this place slowly going down. This last (definitely last) time I visited was the worst experience in it. The service was slow. When some gentleman noticed that my husband and I were seating in one of the booths, he called one of the waitresses. I saw them having a rather unfriendly exchange, then she just came to our booth and asked "What do you want?", no hello, no "Could I start you with a drink?", nothing. And all employees seem to be hanging out and having personal conversations (even occupying one of the booths) in front of the patrons.

Fortunately we already knew what we wanted, so we ordered our meals. 5 minutes later some guy throws some cold dry bread on the table. Then a few minutes later out of nowhere the waitress returned and says "Do you want something to drink?" The restaurant was almost empty, though it was on a Saturday night it was pouring rain, so there weren't that many patrons in the restaurant.

We ordered Caesar's salad and stuffed mushrooms for appetizers. The salad was ok, but the stuffed mushrooms we used to love were horrible! Cold, and with some kind of weird liquid around them. They were poorly presented too.

Our entries were the Veal Alaska and Flounder Francase (pardon my spelling) Special. "Alaska" did come to mind when my husband tasted the rather cold veal. Seemed like it was cooked the day before and put in the microwave defrost a minute before it was served. My flounder was insanely overcooked and topped with a giant layer of (once) melted cheese. Under the cheese was a ball of spinach that looked pre-chewed by another person. And the plate was cold too. I paid an additional dollar for the "treat" of having my flounder with ravioli. Again, cold and the sauce was mediocre. The only thing that was warm was the beer I later regretted ordering.

Once upon a time this place had better food and definitely better service. In the past I've had good pizza, warm bread, hot meals, cold beer, and better tasting and better presented stuffed mushrooms, not to mention better service. All that seems to be a thing of the past. With so many other restaurants in the area, many of them with a diverse choice of Italian food, there are better choices with better service for a better price.
I used to make Philly my base of operations when selling to my east coast customers.  And largely for one reason - Marra's.

Let's not make this more than it is - it's a neighborhood restaurant that's been around "forever" with a strong neighborhood following (as in within a few block area).  Outside of Bensonhurst (Brooklyn), you don't find Italian places like this anywhere else in the country, sadly.

Service may be slow.  Decor dated.  Locals come and go,  Yeah, maybe your waitress gets sidelined chatting with her sister ....but keep your ears open and enjoy the neighborhood gossip.  And to me, that's the charm.  

Really great pizza (chewy crust).  Tasty sauces in the pizza and pasta dishes.  All traditional southern Italian fare.   

Since retiring and no longer traveling to the Philly area, I miss this place!
I wasn't expecting much honestly, but was upset still. 

The service is slow, and our waiter might have said three words to us. The pizza was mediocre, the chicken on it was out of one of those pre-sliced freezer bags and they did nothing to hide that. And what bothers me more than anything is that they didn't mix the sauce with the pasta. That's an instant "I can't trust you".
I came here with a big group and didn't have any service issues, but I know restaurants can treat large tables differently from smaller ones.  That being said, the food was simple, heart American-Italian and I couldn't ask for anything more.  I was particularly fond of their delicious ravioli in pink sauce but the pesto penne was yummy as well.

I wasn't disappointed by anything I tried that night and I'd gladly come again.
I really wanted to like Marra's restaurant- the cute story about the family owned restaurant that wins the hearts of thousands had me feeling tenderly towards them even before we walked in. However, I wish I hadn't been such a sucker for stories. My family went in for a pizza on a saturday night while visiting Phily. Our pizza wasn't anything spectacular (although it looked beautiful!) but it wasn't a bad pizza either. We had ordered our veggie pizza with their white sauce and it was mehh. However, the flavor was enhanced when we asked for some (delicious!) marinara to dip our pizza in. 

I would have gone back for the pizza but I refuse to ever go back to this restaurant because of the downright shitty service our waitress gave us. I spent the entire evening flagging her attention and even had to actually walk up to her standing by the counter (just standing, not helping other patrons) to get basic things like napkins, water/soda refills and our check. She did not spontaneously check up on us even ONCE! That, to me, is ridiculous! The woman wasn't even helpful when we were trying to order our pizza (we asked for jalapenos on our pizza and all she said was "we don't have any" instead of suggesting we try their cherry-peppers, which we found out are very similar). The icing on the bad-service cake was when she charged me twice for 1 soda because I asked for 2 refills on it. 
This is how that conversation went (after I, once again, walked up to her since she refused to shower any attention on us)- 

Me: " You charged me for two sodas, I ordered just one", "
Waitress " you got 2 refills"
Me: "you charged me for refills?"
Waitress "first refill is free, any more get charged"
Me: "Oh? Was that in the menu?"
Waitress "No, its not written anywhere, thats just how it is"
Me" but you didn't even tell me?!"
Waitress "you didn't ask!"

THAT was, by far, the most ridiculous exchange I've ever had with a waitress. I've never left a restaurant without leaving a tip (even for bad service) but this time I made the effort to leave after writing an angry note explaining why I refused to leave a tip and ever go back. 
Just re-thinking about this experience makes my blood boil all over again!
Marra's has had many interesting visitors over the years, Sinatra, Travolta, Conan O'Brien, Rollie Massimino and just plain folks like you and me. The business was started in 1920 and is still run by the Salvatore grandchildren, the original owner and founder of the restaurant. The food is typical Neapolitan style cuisine done very nicely, with no surprises which means it is consistent each and every time. The prices for a restaurant located in a major city are more than reasonable and I have found the service always to be very good, often your servers are members of the family. The inside is dark wood paneling with soft lighting which adds to the overall warmth and charm of this little ethnic eatery. The pizza is solid as are their entrees most recently I had the veal parmigiana with sauteed spinach and spaghetti. The veal was pan fried to crispy crunchy gold perfection topped with mozzarella and sauce. The sauteed spinach was beyond my wildest expectation, it was just downright fabulous with lots of garlic and just the right amount of olive oil, I mean this was a total blow out explosion of deliciousness. This was my fifth visit to Marra's, it will not be my last and will remain on my list  each and every time I visit Philly!
I ate at Marra's for the first and last time over the weekend. My family was in town and we were looking for a good place that could seat seven of us (plus a baby) on a Sunday night, so we settled here. The hostess told us they had room for us upstairs and instructed us to choose one of the available tables. When we went up, there was a table that could fit six and two combined tables that could fit 12. We chose the larger grouping, but sat ourselves toward one end in case they needed to take the smaller table away for additional customers.

When our waitress came by with the menus, she informed us that we had chosen the wrong table--despite the fact that we wouldn't have been able to fit at the other table--"but it's okay, don't worry about it." Uh, sure. She left us six menus and six glasses for seven people and then disappeared for the next 20 minutes.

Upon her eventual return, we ordered our meals and an anti-pasto appetizer, and also requested some bread. I requested my chicken piccata to be prepared gluten-free, which the waitress was very familiar with, so that at least was nice. She returned shortly thereafter with some bread and finally another glass. The bread must have come straight from the fridge because it was absolutely frigid, much to the chagrin of those who ate it.

The appetizer came a few minutes later, and it was decent enough. Just a standard anti-pasto of olives, lettuce, some deli meats, and cheese, dressed in olive oil and basil. It held us over until our meals came about 15 minutes later. I wish I had eaten more of the appetizer, because it was the most edible thing I'd have for the rest of our time there.

When the server put my food in front of me, I stared down at two tiny pieces of chicken breast swimming in a pool of white wine sauce. Next to that was a bowl of wilted spinach. My brother-in-law, who had also ordered chicken piccata, though prepared regularly, had a portion that was at least twice the size of mine.

My chicken was rubber. I'm not trying to be metaphorical here. It literally tasted and had the texture of rubber. I had to fight hard to eat it. I don't know how they normally prepare their chicken, but they must have taken the two smallest pieces they could find and tossed them in a microwave for 10 minutes on high, then placed them in the pool of sauce. The spinach was unseasoned, so I dumped it in the remainder of my sauce to give it a bit of flavor. It was edible, at least. I did mention my displeasure to the server as he brought out the remaining meals, but nothing more came of it. No discount, no remaking of the dish. I sat and conversed with everyone else as they finished their meals, since it only had taken a couple of minutes to finish my minuscule portion.

My girlfriend's linguine, she informed me, was bland, but after adding enough Parmesan cheese, it was digestible. The pizza that my father, brother, and sister split was soggy. Most of it was eaten with a fork and knife. My brother-in-law's chicken piccata was much more edible than mine, though he didn't exactly praise it. My brother's roommate had no complaints about his dish that I can recall, but no additional praise, either. The highlight of the evening was watching my one-year-old niece eat her ziti, as a majority of the marinara sauce ended up on her face and in her hair. At least the entertainment was good.

The final insult came when the waitress brought us the check. Since we were a large group, we expected gratuity to be included. What we didn't expect, though, was for the included gratuity (or "service charge" as it was listed on the bill) to be 20 percent. Fifteen to 18 percent I can understand and is perfectly acceptable--as well as standard for any other restaurant I've ever been to. Give the customers the opportunity to add on more if they feel the service justified it. But to add that much onto a customer's bill? Talk about audacity. Even if we had wanted to contest the charge, there wasn't an employee to be found upstairs at that point, despite there still being several tables of patrons eating. After way too long of trying to figure out how to split the check among us, we all just threw in some cash, made sure it added up correctly, and left.

As I finish writing this review, I'm looking on the side of the page and I can see two five-star reviews, one four-star review, and two one-star reviews. I'd love to know what Marra's Restaurant the five- and four-star reviewers ate at, because I'd sure like to try it. But after my experience, there's no way I will ever go back to the Marra's I had to endure.
Marra's still has one of the best white pizza's in the world. Crust perfect, sausage, garlicy and cheese that actually has flavor. Topped with greens cooked I believe lightly sauted with olive oil and garlic.  

I am a bit nonplussed by these negative reviews of Pizzeria Marra.  We got 3 pizza's in about ten minutes quick service and a quick correction on an error. 

People order the pizza.  Your in South Philly if you want Chicken Piccatti and incredible Pasta go to a place that specialize. 

People from the community should rally around institutions like Marra's it helps preserve the neighborhoods character. 

Remember! order Pizzal Theire White Pizza with Broccoli Rabe and Sausage is one of the best things you will put in your mouth and take some pride in an institution.
Though the service is often spotty at best, Marra's definitely serves up some of the best in South Philly Italian.  The pizza is definitely incredible - it's probably my second favorite to SLiCE.  The pasta dishes are HUGE and enough to fill you up for days.  The chicken parmesan, and a dish with chicken and broccoli in spicy marinara sauce round up my favorites.  Oh, and the manicotti - ridiculously rich, but out of this world.

Atmosphere is eh-eh (someone mentioned divey, which is just about right), and it gets a little tight here on the weekends, but it's definitely worth checking out.
I stopped in for lunch recently, first time here in many years. It seems not to have changed, and is indeed the old-school Italian restaurant that other Yelpers describe. I did not get the pizza, which others recommend, so I'm not reviewing them on that - which may be their strong suite. Our server was very attentive; during the lunch hour they seemed mostly empty. But our salad and fried calamari platters were okay, but so disappointing when compared with the much higher level that so many new Passyunk East restaurants aspire to. Marra's is simply not competing. The food seemed totally uninspired, completely formulaic - while the greens in the salad were fresh, other ingredients (beets, beans, etc.) seemed right out of a can. The calamari was similarly bland and flavorless.
Pizza was OK but late coming out and part of the order was wrong. Our server was one of the worst I've ever encountered: difficult to track down (and we had to get up and find her at least twice), unfriendly, and inept. With such poor service, there is no way we would go back here again.
Stopped here on a Friday night, kind of on a whim. It was the 4th of July weekend so Philly was pretty quiet. I enjoyed the ambiance of the restaurant. It had a very "old school" vibe that reminded me of the 70s and my hometown which I enjoyed. For dinner, I went with a classic, spaghetti and meatballs. I opted for a salad which was $2 extra. In terms of portion and pricing, the dish was great. Tons of food, and I believe under $25. The dish itself was average but exactly what I wanted and was expecting. Sauce was flavorful but not overwhelming.

Only cons - no aperol spritz. Total buzzkill because I wanted one all night. And, the restaurant was closing early due to a slow night so we felt a little rushed.

I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for no frills, simple Italian-American cuisine.
Get the pizza it's good. Everything else is.... sometimes great some times not so great. It's fun and in the heart of South Philly.  I have been eating here for 50 plus years. I still go fairly often. It fun and good. Prices are very reasonable and it's a family run place. I love the lasagna so it's a safe bet. Always fun for an authentic 9th street experience.
Oh boy this place is the epitome of old school South Philly Italian food that is stuck in the old days of flavorless/over sauce drivel. Came here for my father's birthday and I could not be more disappointed in this place. The place looks worn down and dirty. It really is in need of an update like a paint job, new upholstery, and a deep clean. It was also unbearably hot upstairs as well.

I ordered a old fashioned since the beer list was lacking, and I should of stuck with the water. It was not a well balanced drink and really did not taste the bitters, just alcohol. The food here is also abysmal. The calamari was rubbery and bland. The veal italiano was not much better. It looked like it was just thrown on my plate, and caked with cheese and broccoli rabe. I could not find the veal really. It tasted overly bitter from the wine sauce and the side of broccoli was like mush. Sorry, this is one of those old school establishments that needs a complete overhaul.
I'd heard good things about Marra's, so when my bf who lives within a few blocks of there suggested it for a Friday night dinner, I said, "sure, why not?"  First impression of the place was good, cozy ambiance.  Definitely got the family feel...that's where the comfort ended.  After a few minutes of sitting, a waiter spilled water all over my pants while cleaning the table next to ours.  He brought a ton of napkins, but when our waitress came up to the table as it was going down, she didn't acknowledge what had just happened.  

Food was good, but we definitely could have used a basket of bread on  the table to sop up the wine/lemon sauce left on the plate after he finished his veal picatta or the ricotta/sauce mix left on my plate after i finished my stuffed ravioli.  Also, our waitress brought our appetizer out with my entree, and brought his entree out a few minutes later.  The lack of attention to us and general details of service by our waitress was annoying and weird.   As a final stab, when we got up to leave, my bf noticed that there had been an oily tomato on his seat.  So we're dealing with the oil stain on his pants.

We have a lot of other places to check out before ever setting foot in Marra's again, although their pizza did look awesome--like gooey awesomeness!
The ziti gnocchi and cannoli were amazing however my NY strip was very disappointing oh and we saw a dead mouse on the floor lol 
Next time ill get the pizza because it looked great.
I hate to say it but this is not a great restaurant. The lady who is sometimes behind the bar that seems like she could possibly be the manager is rude to her staff and sometimes to customers. Not only that but the waitress' can be so lazy at times either sitting in booths with other customers or with eachother to eat. It's a shame because the food is good. I just wish it wasn't such a bad enviornment staff wise.
Pizza is good but they are better off eaten in not taken out once it gets home its greeasysoggy already. They have great toppings as well pretty much belly busters in my book. The service is the signature South Philly attitude but I understand they have been a landmark on E.Passyunk ave people from Jersey cross the bridge just to eat here amidst the parking aches they have doing parallels. They are a little pricier than the Pizza counterparts they have I guess its a local business thingy everybody like me can take.
Ah, Marras! I was hoping you would be the perfect pre-Snow Day dinner, complete with a carafe (or two!) of wine but, spolier alert - you were not. If you're the kind of person who just wants the summary of a review, here it is - skip Marras in favor of one if the other killer restaurants nesrby; but read on for the full experience.

Marras is a South Philly staple and we had heard such good things about the pizza that we figured everything must be generally great. For starters, the restaurant looks old, which would be cute and feel really authentic if the food was amazing, but in light of a sub-par experience, it just feels like the space needs a major upgrade. As a note, there's no bar seating, so it's all tables and booths, if that matters to you.

Our servers were decently attentive and nice - we got water quickly, placed our orders quickly and got our food quickly - all good. But things took a turn when stuff started arriving at the table. First, we had gone to Marras almost exclusively because we wanted wine with our dinner, and they had a great deal of $21 / carafe. We ordered the Cabernet, and were super happy when a giant bottle was delivered. Unfortunately, the wine itself was thick, so sweet and definitely not what we were expecting - it was like a cross between table wine, Manischewitz and cough syrup. My husband joked that it gave him a cavity and a sugar high and we couldn't finish the bottle, which is essentially unheard of for us - we leave no alcohol behind ever. #ruleofdining

For apps, we got the antipasti for two, mozzarella fritte, and garlic bread with cheese. The antipasti was OK - the provolone cheese and sliced prosciutto were good, but the marinated mushrooms, red peppers and artichoke hearts all tasted like they came from a can; at one point, I got a tingly taste in my mouth that usually signals something has gone bad along the way. The mozzarella was essentially mozzarella sticks, but battered in something that reminded me of a less-sweet corn dog shell - I've never seen anything like it, and certainly not when I'm expecting frsh little triangles of gooey cheese in a light crust. Womp womp. The garlic bread was quite good, but I'm a big believer in any combo of carbs and cheese and butter is probably pretty delish. 

As a main course, we shared the linguine Genovese aka linguine with pesto. The dish was tasty, but the pasta was almost swimming in sauce; usually pesto feels "drier" to me, like it's just lightly coating the pasta with flavor and this was a straight up lake of oil and herbs. We actually said it was "too pesto-y," so... Also - minor - but there was parmesan cheese in one of those little old school shaker bottles in the tables, and I was really expecting fresh grated cheese for an authentic restaurant like this.

I wanted to like Marras and I give them mad props for hanging on to their roots while Passyunk develops around them, but with places like Birra and Barcelona and Paradiso just blocks away, their food and vibe just isn't comparable. *(It's also worth noting that Marras seems to be known for their pizza, which admittedly we didn't get, but that pizza would have to be an absolute godsend with unicorn tears and gold flakes for me to give them another shot.)
The other night, me and my honey were getting ready to watch the first Eagles game of the season and we really wanted some pizza. We decided to try Marra's. I gave them a call and ordered a large half plain, half pepperoni pizza. I drove over to pick it up. When I got back to the apartment and opened the box, the pizza looked positively scrumptious. The brick oven made the crust nice and crispy. The sauce was very sweet and I loved it. The cheese was good. I was very happy with this pizza and would definitely order again.

P.S. It was a great game...Eagles won 38 to 10! :)
I have been going to Marra's for over 20 years and never had a bad meal. This obvious is an old scholl south philly eatery and has every element of the 40's.  

This is the first time I have ever had really bad service from Marra's but last night it happened. The server, who had a bad wig job, basically was throwing plates on the table, tons of attitude and forgot to take a drink order. When I approached her to take the drink order she huffed and puffed. After that moment it was more bad service and rude service. 

I highly reommend Marra's looking at their waitress staff because the food is great but rude service is going to force me to go to a different place.
Marra's is a South Philly ode to Passyunk Ave of yesteryear- pre-hipsters and vegan living. The decor could use a moderate facelift. Nothing crazy so the character stays intact but it wouldn't kill the place to get rid of the musty stink that lingers in the booths. 

The pizzas here are OK only. The cheese is kind of cheap and causes the pizza to be covered in oil. In it's day- Marra's was awesome. I even had a birthday there as a kid. Dining there today is just kind of depressing.
Four stars for food. Zero stars for service. 

We arrived around 6 on a Wednesday evening.  Only one other booth was occupied. The bartender seemed to be either drunk or downed out. 

I ordered a beer that took about 20 min to arrive, either because the waiter was outside on his phone or because of the aforementioned bartender. 

The meals, seafood Alfredo and shrimp diavlo, were  very good. Pasta tasted fresh, sauce was great, and the seafood portions were plentiful. 

As we were finishing, the waiter was outside talking to someone in a car. We waited for him to come back in, and finally gave up and asked the bus boy for the check. 

Again- great food, terrible service, possibly drunk bartender.
I would have to agree with others and say that the food was quite average.

I would still return though because this city really needs more casual places like Marra. It's simple. That's all I want.
I've been to Marra's twice and both times I've enjoyed it. This definitely isn't a trendy place, it is an old school italian restaurant. The menu is large, all the basics you would expect from an italian restaurant. We had the calamari to start which was really good. They have all the common red and white wines, I had the chardonnay which was great. For my entree, I had the baked ziti which was delicious. For dessert, the cannoli which is a must! One of the best i've ever had. Prices are very reasonable for the city, especially when you consider how much food you get. I saw negative reviews on service and fortunately, that has not been the case for us at all. On both occasions the service was wonderful. Four yelps!
One of the better pizzas in Philly, but not the best (which is tacconelli's), we had the sausage and peppers, which was a cheesy thin crust pie, and for a size small it was fairly large.  We also had a salad, which was good and the portions were very generous as well as reasonably priced.  The atmosphere is as expected, after all it is a pizzeria, at one point the lights went out (we were told this happens regularly).  For the Friday night 8pm crowd I felt the service was pretty good (I have read other reviews on Yelp saying otherwise but I had a pleasant experience).  Also, they take credit card and have a full bar.  I plan to return to Marra's next time I am in the mood for going out for pizza and antipasto.
We went because one of our group raved about the pizza.  But I didn't get pizza; I don't know why.  I should go back and try it.

The service is gruff, but that's just their South Philly way.  Our server was attentive, and she even smiled when we made a joke.  She just didn't smille constantly.  Since I've moved away and don't hear it often, I loved hearing her accent.

The pasta is homemade. But skip the broccoli appetizer.  Normally it is my favorite thing to order in Italian restaurants, but here it was overcooked and oversalted.
Maybe I caught you on a bad night, Marra's, but nothing thrilled me about my experience.  That's not to say anything was particularly bad, but nothing was remarkable either.

Service was spotty and the server seemed easily confused.  The pizza here is the star with the large stunning us with it's alarming size.  For the price however, I would have been shocked if it was any smaller.  The topping combinations seemed interesting enough, however this turned out to be the type of place that relied on lots and lots of cheese (don't get me wrong, I love cheese) and not enough on well seasoned flavors.  The eggplant, parmesan, and ricotta pie was too bland for my tastes.

The dishes that my dining partners enjoyed also seemed heavily drowned in cheese.  Yes, the portions are huge, and yes, you will be taking home leftovers.  But I would rather pay the same price for a slightly smaller, though well seasoned and cared for dish.
Terrible, extremely slow service, calamari tasted like a mound of salt had been added to it, pizza was less than stellar.
We will not be coming back
I've been here twice and I've enjoyed both my experiences. This is an old Italian restaurant that my pop used to come to as a kid. He used to love to bring my mother here while she was alive so this is a very nostalgic place for him. 

Sorry to read about poor service customers experienced in the past but that was not my experience at all. Our waitress was super, checked on us a lot and was fast and efficient. The rest of the staff were just as accommodating and they were very busy since it was a Saturday night. 

I had the linguini pescatore. Pasta was definitely homemade, the seafood was fresh. Price was about $18 and it was way more than I could eat.  Two others at the table got the baked ziti which they said was very good. 

For dessert, cannoli, of course! Outstanding! 

Atmosphere here could stand a little updating and the menu could stand a revamp but otherwise a good meal was had by all. 

Ended the night with a Marra's t shirt for my pop for only $10. Sweet!
Marra's is good stuff. I never had a bad meal here. Me and my girlfriend went here yesterday and got a 4 course meal for 20 bucks. Not Bad.. She had the chicken catchatori, and I had fettuccine alfredo wth broccoli and prosciutto. tt was very satisfying. I hear really good stuff about the pizza here but never had it. Next time I suppose.
Pizza is okay, at least I thought so until I saw the bottom half of a bug in my pizza. Upstairs is incredibly dirty, you can see the dust bunnies on the ceiling fans. Service is bad, at best. I waiting for approximately 15 minutes for a drink refill. If you come maybe you will find the top half of the bug that was missing from my pizza!
Worst service in the city. I 'm beyond disappointed with my service tonight. I 'm pretty sure my tip went to my gossipy waitress who did nothing but take my order than slam my dinner in front of me while the Mexican , "busboy" did everything for me and my party, and received none of it. Totally ridiculous. Never going back there. Unless you know the staff or are obviously Italian , expect to be treated poorly.
I am so happy to read the hipster punks on yelp hating Marra's. Please stay out and leave the place for people who know. It will be here long after you follow your folks back to the suburbs.
A lot of negative reviews had me worried. We did experience excellent Italian food  for our party of 5. We ordered a variety of dishes including pizza, pasta, veal florentine, eggplant parmigiana, chicken Marsala and appetizers.  Stated simply, all were delicious and not one complaint from the group. 

It took us quite a while to get initial service and when we did, it was clear this was our only shot to order; drinks, appetizers, main courses all at once or we'd never see her again. Food arrived promptly and well prepared. 

No pretense here of high service levels (or working lightbulbs in the restroom!), but in spite of the negatives I'd come back again for great home style Italian food.
Reviewed by Mario of Super Mario Bros.

Mamma Mia! I was ona ma waya to finda princess when thesa creepy lil' musharooms I'll a call Goombas gangeda up ona me!  I was lika...

"EYIAH! Waddamattawitu face!?!?" 

So I just stompa them to da ground lika they were grapes for wine. It wasa beautiful thing and then I kept punching bricks and thesa coins keepa coming out. I'm lika...

"Didda Luigi putta somethin in da meat sauce?!" 

Thank you Mario, I'll take it from here. I believe you've done enough damage being the mundane stereotype you represent to the Italian culture through the perspective of a semi-racist but ingenious innovator of video games from land of the Rising Sun. 

"Whaddautalkinabouta?"

Aaaannnyyyway...

Marra's has been around for generations in the heart of the South Philly Italian neighborhood. East Passyunk, where this milestone stands, is home to many  restaurants and as of the past few years, it has went through a revival of a more "hip-attraction" for young, rich, old, and hipster alike...

Today's hipster invasion is brought to you by the Letter B and the number  2 and the word Cantina! And shallow people like you, thank you. 

Ok focus, this is Marra's!

The place has recently went through an under-construction of their own and the result still brings that family charm which I believe is what they are going for and at the same time a comfortable fresh atmosphere. The black tile exterior is pretty cool and it still gives Marra's that timeless look. The interior still has that romantic candle-light glow but it isn't as dank as it was the few times I was here before it's change. 

The food is still good and the smells wafting from the kitchen is a welcoming thumbs up. Fried calimari is a great starter to kick up your appetite and get ready because they pile their dishes. Though I was in a light kinda mood so I went with a salad but that alone is like a meal. They load it up with plenty of veggies, fetta cheese cubes, sun-dried tomatoes, cucumbers, you name it. If you still wanna call that rabbit food then it's probably for Rambo dressed in a rabbit suit. 

Speaking of celebrities, Marra's is adorn with many photographs, magazines, and other books showcasing famous people who had eaten there, plus images of the family throughout their history. Of course most of the celebrities are of Italian descent...

"Excusa me?! Ima not ona their wall!"

No one asked you and besides you're a fictional character. 

"Ima not!"

Yes you are. I mean the fact that I am even talking to you is irrational. 

"Shuddaufaca! You lie! You lie to Mario!"

Where the hell is that fat rejected Ninja Turtle thing that chases you around breathing fire?

"I go now! You maka me cry!"

Whatever... 

Ok so for good authentic Italian cuisine give Marra's a chance! It beats the even more stereotyped "Buca-de-Beppo" chain...

"Whaddausayabout my Mama?!?!?!!"

Um... I gotta go. Seems Mario has found himself one of those flashing stars.
Go here for pizza.  You will not be disappointed.

They are a classic Philly family-owned eatery that's been in business for over 80 years.  The decor is slightly kitch; not as cheesy as Buca di Beppo, but not as sterile as Olive Garden.  Another reviewer mentioned "divey" but that has been less true since their recent renovations.  They are great for large groups, and they have a large space on the second floor that's perfect for groups of well over a dozen.

You can order other stuff and for the most part it won't be too bad.  I've had a decent Chicken Florentine and I enjoy their Calamari, but really the highlight of this place is the Pizza.  Baked in an oven made from imported bricks (or so I've read), and including ingredients like whole tomatoes or garlic, it is the perfect pizza pie.  I have never tasted it's equal.
Ordered a Large Pizza around 5pm... Its was like someone put sauce and cheese on cardboard... The crust was like chewing cardboard.. If that's the game goin on there now... Then this is the review they get.. Achtung.. Customer beware..
Marras makes a white pie with broccoli & garlic that is hands down, one of the best in the city. Their just-think-enough with a bit of crunch crust is always good for their other pies too and the turnaround from order to pickup is always reasonable - even on a Friday night.

Dining inside however, is a very different experience. Don't go in if you're on a schedule, as time stops inside their dining room! Three friends and I, all of us pushing 30, were treated like an annoying pack of high schoolers the last time we went in. At first we were amused by the ill-treatment (requests for drink refills blatantly ignored, seemingly abandoned by our waitress for days, food delivered out of order with servers running away before we could get a word in edgewise) but it got old pretty quickly - our meal took like, 2 hours, without dessert - on a Thursday night! Their Italian staple dishes were okay. The experience was not.

Your best bet with Marras is to snag a delicious pie & be on your merry way!
I don't know how long Marra's has been here on Passyunk Ave but suffice to say, it's been here for a LONG time. Many many years ago, this was one of the better restaurants in the area.  It was good and it was consistent.  I ate here recently with 2 friends and found myself agreeing with the general reviews of late. 

It's not the Marra's I remember. Among the 3 of us, we had a small pizza, chicken picatta, chicken Sicilian and a calzone.  Overall, the food ranged from decent to tolerable. The pizza was a bit too thin for my liking. The chicken Sicilian was way too spicy and the calzone was a bunch of dough and ricotta.  I barely noticed the prosciutto at all. 

The service was decent, the beer selection is poor and the atmosphere was loud even though it wasn't close to full. Unfortunately, there are just way too many better options nearby.  I suspect that they are surviving on the name.  Just not the same.  Keep in mind that it wasn't terrible, just average.
I'm pretty skeptical about Marra's.

I walk in, 
I want a medium pizza,
I am only given the option of small or extra-large,
I wonder what happened to the two sizes in between,
I have an impatient older Italian man glaring at me while I try to decide,
I aggressively hear that it is going to take 35 minutes for the pizza,
I look around, 
I sense that they are mad I'm there,
I notice they are closing in about an hour,
I also notice there is not another customer in sight,
I wait the 35 minutes by myself in awkward silence,
I walk home and enjoy a pretty delicious extra-large pizza.

I like the pizza here, I do not enjoy the service. It seems like a very long, unpleasant, wait for everything.
Went with my husband last week and let me tell you the food was awful and the service even worse. Also, for some strange reason they cut the terrible dry over cooked pizza into 12 slices for 2 people. Completely bizarre! We hardly saw our waitress and  she didn't seem to want to pay much attention to "non south philly clientele ". Definitely made us feel like outsiders. There is also a creepy voice that comes out of the wall that says "done" and scared the crap out of me the first time I heard it. This server clearly belongs in a diner setting because the service would have been better if a turtle was serving us. We ended up giving the rest of the pizza we got boxed to a homeless man on the way home. Really hoping he isn't mad and was hungry enough to eat it. We won't be back.
How can people go to chains when we are blessed with classic Italian restaurants like Marras?  It's true family dining and everyone I bring here loves it.  the pasta, the lasagnas, the sausages - what isn't good?  

I found the service very accommodating; we had a mobility impaired guest and although there is no front door ramp, they were really helpful.

And that pizza with the bubbly crust is perfection.  I get the sausage and peppers for take out.  usually takes about 30 minutes, so plan ahead if you order.
I organized a Christmas Party for a non-profit organization. I reserved the party room a month in advance, making sure that I will give the exact number a week before the event. The manager called us after confirming the number, blamed us and said that "we should pay an extra-fee for using the room, otherwise we should bring the food at home". I finally agree to pay an additional fee, just because everything was organized and I did not want to cancel the event.
During the event, they overcharged of 2 additional guests, served espresso coffees to our guests without telling them that was extra-charge,  overcharged for dessert cut -even thought we were told that they would waive these fees-. The food was just okay, but service was horrible and the room was not clean.
It could be a good place for a couple, but not for group. They absolutely don't know how to treat gently customers!!
Made a reservation for 7 people on a Saturday night. When we entered the restaurant we were not greeted. We stood at the front of the establishment for 5 minutes before the bartender asked us if we were being helped, which we weren't. Then we were screamed at to walk towards the wall to go upstairs (which normal people wouldn't think to almost walk into a wall to find a stairwell.) When we were finally able to order our food with a complete party, we were rushed and nothing was written down. 7 entrees were ordered and highly anticipated. When our entrees arrived, we were met with the question of why Chicken Marsala would be served with red sauce on the spaghetti (which specifications weren't asked for.) When we asked for the pasta without the red sauce to better complement the Marsala sauce, we were told "it would have to be thrown away" so that wasn't an option. Very disappointed with the portions, atmosphere, and all around quality of service from Marra's.
I have been going to Marra's since I was a little girl.  I think that if I went for the first time now I would not be as impressed.  The pizza is good, but not incredibly.  It's a bit thick and saucy and I prefer mine more thin and crisp.  The atmosphere is incredible, nothing has changed, which proves to be a negative when you consider cleanliness.

Most times I have to ask for new silverware.  When a busboy was preparing water for my table, I saw him run his finger under the running water before bringing it to us.

Oh well!  Nothing brings back memories like Marra's and the prices are great.
Celebrated a friend's bday there last week.  It was hands down one of the 5 worst meals of my life.  Service was perfunctory and the food was abominable.  Everyone raves about their pizza so I ordered a chicken and riccota version.  The result was what tasted like a thin piece of cardcoard covered in lukewarm tomatoe sauce with minimal ricotta and pieces of chicken that were overcooked and dried out.  I will never go back and encourage anyone with any amount of good taste to stay away as well.
My boyfriend and I came here for an early Saturday night dinner after it was recommended by a friend. It isn't a fancy place but very quaint. Luckily we got the window seat which was great for people watching. I heard the pizza was great. My boyfriend had a vegetable pizza. He said it was really good and he is really picky about pizza. I had  the lasagna, which was fantastic. Really good filling Italian food. Our server was really friendly and efficient. We really liked it here and will definitely come back.
Came here for a quick drink during a girls night. Tommy was our server and he was great. They kept to social distancing guidelines and regulations which was also a huge plus. The pizza was also great, very crispy crust with fresh toppings. Extensive menu and full bar!!
Uh... I'm confused by all of the mixed results! We were craving traditional Italian food and found Marra's on a "Best of Philly" list for chicken parm. Ordered delivery on a Friday night, and it was PHENOMENAL. Seriously. 

HUGE menu. Delivery was on time. Prices were great (better than a lot of comparable places). And exactly what we wanted: old school Italian. Yum. 

Fried Mozzarella: 5. OK, this was one of the reasons we ordered from Marra's - a lotta these joints don't have mozz sticks. Maybe not the MOST Italian dish ever, but we crave them. Marra's were GREAT - crispy, but soft & gooey in the middle. Yum. There was a fight over the last one (the daughter got it, of course). 

Caesar Salad: 4. Probably my least favorite of what we ordered (at least, what I got to taste!). Dressing was yummy, salad was... romaine & croutons, nothing too special. Still, hit the spot. 

Garlic Bread: 4. Good hot! Pretty tough the next day - but great flavor. (Now that we know the entrees come with free bread, we'll probably skip ordering this!) 

"Personal" Sausage Pizza: 5. Stepdaughter was thrilled. Ate half Friday night; the other half Saturday for lunch. We didn't get a bite. 

Baked Ziti: 5. This was MY dish. Mine. All mine. I've had 3 dinners out of it so far (and a few snacky bites), and there's still a little left. And it is GOOD. Yes, there's ricotta baked in. It's yummy. Perfect amount of cheese and sauce, pasta is great. Really excellent! 

Chicken Parm: 5. My partner's order. I didn't get a bite. He got 3 meals out of it. After every one I think heard "my god, that was really good parm." 

Yeah, it's basic. But the menu is huge, prices are great, food was awesome! We will order again!
Every time I go to Marra's I say I will take the time to write a review.. this time I just have too!! The service at Marra's BY FAR has to be the most Blatant Pathetic I've ever experienced! Each time we go seems worse. WAKE UP owner Let the lovely Busboys take over the waitress jobs! They are friendly assertive and at least ATTENTIVE!! Hello.. they do all the work. The waitress lets you sit for about 5 minutes sometimes more before coming to greet!!  We love the Marra's PIZZA that is why we have been masochists and keep coming back....although I'm feeling like there may have been a recipe change! We stopped  midweek enjoyed the Pizza even took one home.. BUT... I wouldn't drive that far & have to search for a spot to park.. got a ticket (that of course was my fault)  for the current pizza.. It usually is a little more greasy and had a look all its own.. It is still very good and probably better for you ..But I can get that type of Pizza in my own neighborhood!  Mozzarella sticks just OK..  taste like what u buy at BJ's.... Nice strong cocktail though!  We never tip under 20% and as our waitress sat in a booth on her cell when we left without either a Thank You or a Good Night .. I thought how much will that busboy who actually waited on us take home!! In hind sight we should have  slipped him some cash!
Whatever you do don't get delivery. You must go get it yourself. It is the so bad I waited 2and a half hours for them to come. When I placed the order they told me within the hour. I called them after 90 minutes to ask and asked if they had enough drivers. They said it was out for delivery. If so can you think what it tastes like after a hour in the car. I sent it back I'll never order again.
I have been going to Marrah's for quite some time, During my most recent visit I was shocked with one person, in particular, the gal at the bar and the way she spoke down to me.  When my platter came out it was cold, tasted odd,  but I thought, oh... I'll give it a try. (1 bite). I then took another small taste out of it and it was totally not right. When I told my waitress about this rather than her bringing it right back into the kitchen for some odd reason she took this to the woman at the bar, BOSS? who knows. This woman then approached my table and rather than an a kind gesture she immediately said with a severe attitude  "you know I should charge you for this because you ate half your platter", and I was SHOCKED... I literally had 2 small bites. She then went on to say that she would have taken this back to have it "FIXED" rather than asking me if I wanted something else REALLY???? FIXED, what was there to "FIX" if the platter was just AWFUL. Sounded like she had a tool box for food, uugg!  She was so RUDE and UNPROFESSIONAL and I never ever experienced this type of treatment, service, or whatever you want to call it anywhere  and I often frequent various restaurants. You may want to think twice about going to this place as there are so many others in the same area that are better, more friendly and certainly more accommodating.
Pizza tastes good but is very oily and pretty expensive.
Quartto gusto tasted delicious with prosciutto, artichokes, and mushrooms, but it was drenched with oil. When we finished the pizza, there was a while pool of oil.
Also a small pizza (8 slices--14inched) came out to be $21 bucks which wasn't worth it.
Service was okay. The employees were all standing around talking really loudly.
So many amazing pizza places around (stogie joe's and birra) that are better, I don't think I'll return.
I see that the consensus is three stars for Marra's and that's where I land as well. Marra's reminds me of the red-sauce Italian places in Providence that my family used to frequent in the 60s and 70s -- Mainelli's, the Welcome, Smith's, etc. Unfortunately, the food was on the bland side -- I got linguine with white clam sauce, a classic, standard dish at such places, and it was quite bland. Some of the other pastas ordered by my group of eight were also on the bland side. The pizzas, however, were very good. The meatballs served to other tables also looked good but since I didn't taste them I can't tell you in fact how good they are.

One more odd note: My brother ordered spaghetti with anchovies, broccoli rabe, and chicken. The plate came out sans chicken and for some reason it took until the end of the meal for him to get his chicken. We kept hearing, "It's still cooking, it's still cooking." This is a boneless, skinless chicken breast, remember. He ended up getting a whole entree to take home. 

Good place for a gathering of the famiglia, but the food needs a kick in the culo. Surely there is better food to be had in South Philly.
My boyfriend and I came here for their restaurant week menu. We were excited to try some local Italian cuisine but were extremely disappointed. I ordered the stuffed mushrooms for an appetizer. They were underwhelming to say the least. I had to drown them in lemon juice in order for them to be flavorful despite them served in a plate of sauce. My boyfriend got the calamari, which was decent. 

For entrees I got the crab and shrimp fra diavolo over linguine. It was bland beyond belief. Had no spice to it, no flavor. I had 2 bites of the dish and I sent it back and wasn't it the mood for anything else on the menu as I was was turned off by the first 2 dishes I received. I was expecting the pasta to be comped, as I only took 2 bites of it. But was shocked to see the entire amount still on the bill. I called the waitress over to the table and asked about the total of the bill. She went and explained the situation to the owner at the front of the restaurant, and as I had their conversation in my view, I saw and heard the owner throw a fit behind the counter, saying their food is fine, and that I can't expect to not like a dish and then not have to pay for it. The waitress came back to the table apologetic stating there was nothing they could do. 

My boyfriend got the crab cannelloni, here's the kicker, it had no crab. He opened up every pasta roll up to find only ricotta with no sign of crab on the dish. How comical. 

To say I was disappointed is an understatement. I paid $50 for 2 subpar meals, and for one that wasn't even eaten. 

I will not be returning and I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone. To the owners: take the time to taste your food and update the menu; it seems like I'm
not the only one who left disappointed not to return.  Also treat your customers with some respect, or else you won't have any left to serve.
A chill and very local spot in SP. The pizza is yummy with a very crispy crust. Very delicious pizza! Very affordable crafts of wine which I can't complain about. I have been coming here for years and still do. This  was my husbands first time and he loved to too!
Marra's is a fantastic, authentic Italian-American restaurant.  The food is truly delicious, and the service was how it should be. 

Our night started out like this: six friends and I had plans to go to a certain new establishment on Broad Street (I won't mention the name, I don't like bad reviews). When we got there, we were treated pretty rudely and told that if we didn't have a reservation, they couldn't serve us.  At a pizza place.  Even though there were only 4 people in the restaurant and plenty of room for us. Oh well. Off to Marra's!

When we arrive at Marra's, it's packed to the brim, full of happy patrons.  Upon seeing the 7 of us, the Manager just nods and says "I got you".  We are quickly seated, and although the spot we were placed was a bit small, they made sure that was okay with us before seating us, and of course, it was okay.

Our waitress was very friendly and accommodating.  We got our drinks quickly. I had a mean craving for Spaghetti Carbonara, and although I couldn't find it on the menu, I figured it would be okay to ask the waitress if I was missing it.  She apologizes profusely that it's not on the menu.  I happily order the Flounder Francese instead. 

5 minutes later, after having enough of their delicious seeded Italian bread to fill me up, our waitress comes out and informs me that she talked to the kitchen and they can make a carbonara. She says that they don't have pancetta or guanciale, but they do have prosciutto. WOW! What service.

It's that sort of willingness to serve and please the customer that is really missing in too many restaurants. 

My carbonara comes out in a very timely fashion, and, unlike most places, it's done correctly! No cream, and just the right amount of fresh pecorino romano. 

We all had an incredible time. The food was positively received by all of my gourmand compatriots and everything was reasonably priced.  We are glad we gave our money to the right establishment! 

P.S. I've been there on other occasions for pizza and such, the pizza's one of the best I've had in Philadelphia.  Check it out. It's not a fluke that Marra's has been leaving customers happy and full of good food for 80 years.
I've gone here many many times and this old school italian place is very worthwhile for me to go into the city and enjoy some food.

I would stick to strictly Pizza as that's what they do best.   Maybe that and an Antipasto and your set.

Do not play around with other things on the menu and you'll agree its 4 stars.   Simple pizza, with pepperoni and cheese and an antipasta is a great meal and you'll be thankful you didn't get the lasagna or the rollie massimino special.
I am actually shook that this place has any good reviews at all. After what I would call a very long day and tiring search for a place to eat, we stopped at Marras, which on the outside looked like a new and nice place to eat. That was not the case at all: the food was cold, the presentation wasn't very good, and the whole ordeal was both disorienting and disappointing. 
Every single item on the menu was underwhelming. 
The decor was cute, but the over all vibe and feel of the place was so strange. I could tell it was a family restaurant, and it felt like everyone in there had known each other for years... such a weird thing to walk into. In all honesty the service itself wasn't horrible, just a very disjointed part of a very surreal dining experience.
My waitress's was so sweet that I felt bad (and still do) about this review but... this place is not quality dining. I'd also like to say that for what you get that it's VERY overpriced, and Im not someone who minds spending food.
I read through quite a few reviews. 

Marra's seems to get crucified on service, while half the reviewers LOVE the food; specifically the pizza. Others hate everything about Marra's and want to kill it with fire. 

I'm leaning towards the cuddlier side of the reviews.

Was it the best service ever? Not particularly; but the 20 something dude who waited on our table was friendly, and checked in on us. Personally I don't need the waitstaff at a restaurant I'm dining at to check in on me all the time or be there to burp me. I give the service a three because five would be at a restaurant that is much fancier and requires more effort. There were no specials to read off. Wine to suggest- the dude just took our order and checked in. Three is the top of the spectrum here. If you're expecting hugs and kisses go eat at your besties house.
 
The food. Obviously the principle feature.
Those who complain about the food here probably complain about stuff everywhere (non offense but did you expect Mario Batali to be in the back hand rolling gnocchi or crafting you some burrata? Yeah...I didn't think so).

A solid three for the pizza and chicken parm.

Again, was it mind blowing? No. 
Was it bad? Not at all. 
Food was brought out in a timely manner, an everything was tasty. 

The ambiance is old school, the wait staff are mostly efficient, and the food is tasty. 

Don't go in expecting a fancy-pants ,huggy kumbaya experience. If you need warm greetings get a hallmark card. If you want mind blowing Italian food go to Italy. 

If you want a tasty meal- go to Marra's.
I would have given Marra's a 5 for their pizza, but i had to knock it down a couple because, instead of the aroma of delicious italian food, the whole place smelled like a wet  dog.  If i hadn't been there at the request of someone else, i would have left.

for us non-italians, knowing that 'donna' meant 'woman' in the language, would have saved me from giggles from two little girls who patiently waited outside the restroom door for me to exit (and explains the lack of toilet paper inside as well).

the food was pretty good, the pizza was really good, but i still smelled like a dog when i got home.
Quality is extremely lacking.  Ordered a pizza, fried mozzarella, gnocchi, and pizza.  The fried mozzarella was grey and slimey.  The gnocchi was cold, gummy, and stuck together in a block.  The pizza was cold.  I am so disappointed!
All of the yelpers is right, once you walk in no one greets you and they just tell you to seat anywhere. It took time for someone to get our drink orders. 5pm we had dinner. 

I didn't like the calamri, i find it stringy  or rubbery not a fun of it

Pizza- pepperoni and garlic that's what we ordered. I don't know if u like pizza that is almost soaked in oil. too much oil from pepperoni or cheese? idk however the fresh garlic you can really taste. 

would i go back here to dine? NO 
but i prefer to order and pick up the pizza YES
We've been here a handful of times. The food has always been great and the service pretty decent. We are even regulars when it comes to delivery. Tonight was not a good experience. The waitress was not attentive to OUR table/even slightly rude. The food was not flavored (I ordered an entree I've enjoyed before) and the salad drenched in dressing. We looked around and there were only 4 tables. Very disappointed.

Ps: Read the reviews before ours, the service seems to be the problem!
I wanted to love this place as much as I love all South Philly Italian joints. Came here for the pizza so I cannot speak to the dinner menu. Started off with mozzarella sticks. Eh- too much breading and the cheese wasn't melted all the way. On to the margarita pizza. It was very well done, which I am OK with but the crust was too burnt to eat. Sauce wasn't very flavorful either. I prefer Slice or Santucci's.

I will say the staff are very friendly and always checking in. I enjoyed the wine as well...but that's hard to mess up.
I'm shocked at myself for being so brutally honest, but I have to get this off my chest.  Tonight, at Marra's, I had the worst meal that I can ever remember having.  

We were barely acknowledged at the door, and the waitress practically threw our items at us.  In fact, even though we were only a table of 5 that she could easily reach, she was too lazy to give us our own food; she simply left everything at one end of the table.  Not only was she blatantly rude and unavailable, but the food was shamefull.  My eggplant parm. barely had enough sauce for the noodles, and it was cold.  One of the fish dishes was clearly not fresh, and the salads were.... well, it was the first time that I can ever remember not eating a salad.  It was just awful.

To top the night off, our party of 5 had to automatically tip the pathetic waitress 20% because it was already  included in the bill!  It seems as though she knew she was odious....

Merra's, you're in PHILADELPHIA!  Step it up; you have too much competition to survive on reputation alone.
Went out of our way for dinner here and was very disappointed.  Service was awful.  Entree was COLD.  Waitress never checked back so we could never send the cold entree back.  Pizza was good but everything else overshadowed that.   Took forever for the check so we never asked to have it adjusted for fear that we would be there for another 20 minutes.  You would think that someone might have asked to wrap the untouched entree.......nope.
I used to love coming here for mussels and pizza. The pizza is still pretty good. But with all the others places in the neighborhood  that have 100% better service, we won't be coming to Marra's again. We saw the bus boy more than our surly waitress. So much so that we tipped him separate because he was basically our server. I tried to brush it off as "atmosphere" but the last straw was the bartender dropping the F bomb in front of my children. And that's that, Marra's.
We had two great experiences here. First, we had family in town, including 2 kiddos under 7. Our party of 9 was quickly seated upstairs. Bread came out right away as did water. This was key when you dine with kids. The specials were announced and we all ordered some drinks. Great service! We all got something different, from eggplant to pizza to gnocchi. And we all tried each others. Talk about entree envy! Everything was wonderful. And huge portions. Couldn't have had a better experience. We can back, just the guy and I, about two weeks after. Same great food. Same great service. And the prices are amazing, especially if you consider you'll be eating delicious leftovers the next day!
Mediocre Italian food (Americanized, not authentic).  Rude, inattentive servers.  Busboys are usually nice though, and you can count on them to refill your drinks more than you can count on your server to do anything except give you attitude in return after anything you say to them.

If you bring a child, make sure you are very specific that they are ordering the kids portion, even if they are very obviously incredibly young.  My 4 year old ordered pasta and was brought the huge, full sized portion, which they charged us for and wouldn't budge on because we "didn't say that she wanted the kid size."  That's just stupid, and nothing like that has ever happened in any of the many restaurants she has visited.

It's only getting the second star because my husband loves the chicken parm.  I can't get him to admit whether or not it has gone downhill over the past several years like everything I've tried has.
Thursday - May 31, 2012 - 11:30AM

I had the SALAD PALERMITANA with grilled chicken and balsamic dressing. My mother had the escarole soup with the iconic meatballs, and veal Marsala with a side of penne pasta. My salad was fresh and pleasing with expectations consistent with grilled chicken and balsamic dressing lunch. My mother's escarole soup was good however the veal Marsala and the penne pasta "gravy" were poor.  There was no Marsala wine but a distinctive balsamic dressing that was probably added mistakenly when making my salad. The "gravy" was unusually tart. The service was good and attentive.  

NOTE: I'm particularly critical because I've often made very good veal and chicken Marsala dishes.  Frankly, Marsala related dinners are quite simple to prepare...but I digress. The "gravy"......gravy isn't supposed to be tart. My dear 87 year old mother has made gravy countless times - I've made several good-quality batches - I know good quality gravy.
I ordered the chicken parmesan and a ceaser salad. I've been looking for a good italian place that delivers to me since I moved to this neighborhood last year, and so far all the places I've tried have been mediocre. This place is excellent. I judge italian food based on the quality of their tomato sauce, or "gravy". Marra's sauce is delicious. I am excited to try some of the other dishes they offer.
Everything that isn't their pizza is super slimy. I love going here with my girl for a pie and a few beers. The waitresses and bartender are usually visibly drunk by 8 pm. DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING THAT IS NOT PIZZA AND DEFINITELY DO NOT GET IT DELIVERED. PS what's up with their overhead pager that exerts loud farts? My favorite part is the drink menu- see picture. They will not serve you a "White Russian Bloody Mary" or their signature Blank Russian no matter how polite you are.
I went here for dinner with my friend without reservations. We were sat right away which is one of the only good things I experienced here. 

First of all, our waitress pounced on us as soon as my friend was in her chair to take our orders- food, not drinks. She never took orders for drinks and we scarcely saw her the rest of the evening. The restaurant was NOT busy, but she kept sending bussers to our table to do all of the work including bringing our food, checking on us, and (after being asked 3 times) bringing me a cup of the worlds weakest coffee. She spent a large amount of time chatting with other waitresses and at one point a table of what appeared to be her friends since she certainly wasn't spending the same amount of time with any of her other tables. I finally had to flag down another waiter to bring our check over. Our waitress finally sent (surprise) a busser over with our check. The only thing she managed to do was collect our check, and then charge us 6 cents more than our bill. And obviously 6 cents is nothing, but still... why?

Second of all- my friend ordered a pizza and I ordered chicken parm. They brought my friends meal out long before they brought out mine. So the options were a) she wait and her food get cold by the time mine arrived, or b) we basically watch each other eat so she could enjoy her food hot. We opted for option 2 and it was awkward. 

Won't be going back. So disorganized.
Tagged along with friends as they ordered real food and I stuck to dessert-for-dinner.

They ordered the gnocchi pomodoro, ravioli pomodoro (both with tomato sauce) and a massive salad as well as a carafe of pinot noir and a glass of sangria. I ordered the tiramisu and asked that they bring it out alongside the entrees which they were happy to do.

The dishes looked like solid, standard Italian fare. My tiramisu was pretty inoffensive, it lacked the bitter coffee edge so I enjoyed it. The restaurant's atmosphere was overwhelmingly Italian in nature. Large groups shouting and laughing and passing around glasses of red wine. It's a crowded place, the dark wood paneling and high booth sectionals only increasing the sense of claustrophobia. 

Overall, I can see this place being a favorite for locals and generational regulars but it's definitely not a first choice for meeting up with friends.
It's really a shame that I have to write this review because this really is a nice little place if you catch them at the right time. Unfortunately the woman who owns the place is a complete jerk and refuses to take any responsibility for her TERRIBLE delivery service. We ordered a pizza and an app last night (Valentine's Day) and it did not arrive for over two hours. I thought this was strange since we live pretty close by. By the time we got our food it was cold and the delivery driver was extremely discourteous and forgot the app we ordered. My boyfriend called to complain and the girl on the phone said there was nothing she could do about refunding my money for the missing items and instead offered a $10 credit towards the next order. I don't want to order again. So I called myself the next day to see if I could simply be refunded for items I did not receive, NOT for the entire order. The woman on the phone said she was the owner and refused to speak to me in an appropriate manner. She was rude and talked over me Even though I remained calm. It's ok if your staff makes a mistake but as the owner you need to step up and deal with your customers. A credit towards another purchase implies that I will be spending my money at the location again which I do not wish to do. She challenged me to write a negative review so here it is. Great job making your restaurant, your reputation, and your staff look bad for $10. Now I'll be asking for a full refund through my bank.
Italian-American charm lost. 

Servers who are only concerned with their own conversations means forgotten soups, wrong drink orders and a miserable frustrated customer. 

After giving this place multiple chances the food is horrible. We had to send mussels back because they were so sandy they were crunchy and they had seaweed and gook hanging off them. The flavors are bland and the food is sloppy and made without care. 

Once I was making a homemade pizza and my dough didn't rise in time and I asked my husband to go buy a ball of dough. He was cursed at by the old man behind the counter and while they still sold it to him, was told, "If you want pizza, we sell f***ing pizza." Great way to embrace the community, eh? 

I feel bad that this Passyunk landmark has be turned disaster by an ungrateful generation of family owners. I'm sure Papa Marra is turning in his grave. I only hope that the family realizes that it is time for revitalization. When that time comes I will be the first in line, but until then, good luck...
Horrible employees.. the manager Donna extremely rude and poor attitude.. too busy flirting with male customers to take care of others and when told customers were unhappy acted like a FOOL and was disrespectful.. it's a sad day for such a South Philly landmark...
The pizza is so salty I wake up in the middle of the night dehydrated after eating here. The delivery drivers park illegally in the middle of the street even when there are spots available and the staff are rude when you complain about it. Neighborhood nuisance with not great food.
Although it's not terrible, Marra's is not a place we will likely be going back to anytime soon. 
We had been there once several years ago and had just mediocre food (watery ravioli's and a very dry chicken parm) but decided to give it another whirl recently. I wish I could say this experience was better, but alas. 

We ordered from their special menu which was a decent value for the portions--$12.95 for a salad and an entree. Unfortunately, size isn't everything. ;)

The bread that came to the table I will say was some of the best I have had in a while. Soft but crisp and so flavorful (at least as far as bread is concerned!) The caesar salad was either really fishy or the dressing was on its way out. Either way, not so good.  
 
My mom and I had the Penne Ala Vodka with Chicken. It was just OK. The sauce was really thick and didn't seem to have been freshly prepared. Maybe if it had been heated up more it would have thinned out (like soup from a can). It tasted OK but not much better than stuff I could make at home. My husband had the Shrimp Scampi which he said was pretty bad. He is not one to complain but the sauce was watery and he said it lacked flavor. 

The other big bummer was the wine. We ordered a carafe of Pinot Grigio for $13. It wasn't cold and, from what we could tell, came from a bottle of Barefoot which retails for about $8. It just felt like a ripoff. 

Oh well. Sorry Marra's! Maybe next time?
Pretty much if anyone reviews this place a less than 4 star rating is either from south jersey where all their food places suck and close within 3 years, or they are on crack cocaine. either would  not surprise me. so lets get to the food.


Pizza. On point. this place is a  South Philly staple  for over 80 years and there is a reason for that.

Pasta. I ordered fettucine alfredo  which was also on point, probably the best ive ever eaten period.
 
portion sizes were also good. most places  give you enough for one to feed a family of 5 which is more of a waste if your just feeding yourself (unless you want 4 days of left overs)

this place is just too good to pass up. you really don't know what good Italian food is until you come here. and one day ( I put money on it) they will be able to day they have been there for 160 years. just because its that good.
The best meatballs and ravioli!  If you're in South Philly you definitely need to go there.
Disgusting food bad service how they have been in business this long is mind boggling . Had time give them a star but not by choice.  They were reviewed by zagat.  Question was the reviewer a relative and how much did they have to pay for their kind review
I'm a Marra's fan from way back.. Their pizza is as good as it gets.. I am partial to the Marra's antipasto and a small pie with mushroom and pepperoni... This is a comfortable place full of return customers.  They waitresses are always kind and helpful.. Their chicken parm is also very good... If you have room, try one of their canolis with cheese filling and chocolate chips... its really good.
Def one of the worst Italian restaurants I've ever been to. Went with two friends on a wednesday evening. After the host sat us we waited ten minutes before we even received water. When our waitress, Danielle finally came to our table she never introduced herself or said any type of introduction, or even ask us if we wanted something to drink. She just asked "what do you want" and stood staring at her pad. We ordered drinks and food, and I took her advice on the crab meat and white wine and garlic sauce with angel hair pasta dish. One of my friends ordered the antipasti as his meal. he staff brought his antipasti out as if it was an appetizer before anyone else received their meals and with plates for us to share. When the other dishes arrived they were so bland we had to send them back to have them add some garlic and spices. Seriously terrible food. Then when we were only half way done with our plates Danielle brought to-go containers to our table; we felt like we were being rushed. Awful experience, awful food, would never go back
