OMG!!!! 
Absolutely, hands down best Indian food on the run.

While I was trying to pick a place to eat for dinner, I realized I haven't tried Masala Kitchen yet. I had to give it a try, and all I know, is that I'm kicking myself in the butt for not trying it earlier.

Confession time: I'm Middle Eastern, and rice is part of my life, and I LOVE good Biryani. 
I'm not a Biryani connoisseur, but if you've read any of my other reviews, you know I'm always on the hunt for a good Biryani. 
So, naturally, I ordered the Chicken Biryani platter "$9.00", which came with pita bread and lettuce. I was pleased with the generous portion- got me two meals out of one platter. The Biryani was spicy, and it was incredibly delicious.
 
Now, you gotta try a roll, and you'll fall in love at first bite! 
I'm telling you folks, Kati Rolls are like the new wraps! There is something about that thin, fresh, and handcrafted wrap-like bread named paratha. 
Your choice of protein (grilled Chicken, Beef tikka cubes, tender Lamb kebab, homemade Cottage Cheese and more) will be wrapped in paratha bread. I've tried Chicken Masala"$5.50" & Chicken Tikka"$5.25", and I'm absolutely hooked. The rolls had fresh green chutney, sliced red onion, and you may add a beaten egg to any roll for $0.50. 

Whether you are a starving early bird, a night owl with a midnight craving, or maybe just having a serious case of the drunchies, Masala Kitchen will sure be open way late to serve you. On weeknights, food will be served till midnight, Friday and Saturday until 3:30am, and Sunday till 11:00pm.

Tips: You'll get $1.00 off, when you buy two rolls- except Aloo & Unda rolls (not valid for delivery). Or use the 10% off your entire order, when you check-in on Yelp.

Great spot.
Four solid Yelps.
Solid street Indian food. Chicken and rice tastes almost like the halal guys in NYC.  The Kati roll was decent. I had the chicken masala roll and the veggie roll.
The veggie roll was surprisingly better spice then the chicken roll. 
Great place for groups and enough seating to go around. 
Different lassi to try including rose and mango. Catering available with FREE delivery. I'm totally game for that!
My girlfriend and I visited for dinner at around 5 PM. 
We ordered a lamb and chicken platter and a chicken tikka masala kati roll. 
The platter had generous portions and was perfect for sharing with another person. The pita bread was warm and soft and the meat was nicely seasoned. 
The kati roll had a strong and rich flavor. When we ate it, it was missing the Chutney but it was tasty nonetheless. 
They also have Lassi and we had the Mango and Rose flavored ones. They were thicker than normal and had a thickness similar to that of yogurt.
There was no line and overall the restaurant is definitely worth going to with friendly prices and excellent food.
If you're feeling some spicy, tasty, greasy food, look no further than Masala Kitchen for their Indian street food! My friends (who had been there a few times before) brought me here and omg did I love it!

After skimming over the menu, I asked my friends for recommendations and they suggested I go with one of the masala rolls. I took their advice and got the Chicken Masala Roll. Honestly, I couldn't have been any happier with my decision. It was loaded with masala making it full of flavor with a definite kick (beware if you're not accustomed to Indian spices). The roll came out piping hot which I really appreciated! It was filling and made for a great late-night bite. 

My boyfriend got the Chicken-n-Lamb Platter which I tried. Although another winning dish, the Masala Roll won me over. It isn't very often that you get delicious authentic Indian street food in Philadelphia so why would you pass up on it?!

The establishment is nothing fancy. Very causal, with a "fast food joint" type of feel to it. Prices are reasonable making this a great spot to make a quick run to for either lunch, dinner, or even just a snack! **PRO TIP: 10% of your entire purchase with Yelp check in!**

I can't wait to return here for another Masala Roll! If you're looking for a beverage to get, I recommend the Mango Lassi! This cold, fruity, "smoothie" like beverage is a fantastic way to wash down the spicy food!
Came here twice in one day! Tried the paneer masala, aloo paneer, and the chicken tikka roll and I have to say the paneer masala roll was the obvious winner. Also, the white sauce takes the food to the next level. It's somewhat similar to the white sauce served with chicken and rice ( mayo base).

If you have been to Kati Roll in NYC, you will know that this place is basically the same idea but with a few more options ( platters with rice). I just recently moved to Philly from close to NYC and I'm ecstatic I found a Kati Roll place here as well :)
We walked a whole 9 blocks to get to this place! :) Being in Center City, I'm not drowning in fast casual Indian food options. After having tried Spice End and Philadelphia Chutney Company, I was quite excited about another option. Stepping in I tried to follow my own advice of "Don't build it up, don't build it up."

The menu is nice and simple and you stand in line to order at the counter. There are various kati rolls (Indian wraps) and rice platters. 

We ordered:
   Chicken Kheema Roll
   Paneer Masala Roll
   Chicken Biriyani Platter
   Cost: $20.33

We were gently urged to try the Paneer Masala Roll by the nice lady at the counter and I sure am glad we did. There are two HUGE pieces of paneer (cheese) which were not dried out and covered in a nice creamy sauce. I didn't want to share with my husband. The Chicken Kheema Roll was bursting with flavorful minced chicken but it was a tad too salty IMHO. They do not skimp out on the filling size of kati rolls here.

The Chicken Biriyani Platter was presented as what you'd get at chicken and rice  food cart stalls. Half the plate was biriyani and the other half iceberg lettuce. There was also pita, a white sauce, and red sauce. The biriyani flavors were great! It met my requirements of the right aromatics, spices, and being not too oily. The spice level would slowly build up and the white sauce helped cool the palate so you could repeat the process. However the chicken was a little dry (not a deal breaker though). 

In the end I enjoyed eating at this affordable place and look forward to trying more items.
UMMM HELLO!!! 

If you live in the Philadelphia area, love Indian food, and have not been here... GET HERE IMMEDIATELY!

Luckily, I found this diamond in the rough on Yelp on a kate night I was hungry. The hours are awesome.

Walking in as someone who has eaten Indian food her whole life, I had expectations. Everyone which was met! They have great promotions, and discounts when you check in on yelp... all of this on already cheap food. Can't beat that.

Everything is cooked made to order. And this is authentic stuff we are talking about!

They have Mango Lassi's... which happen to be one of my favorite drinks, ready made in a refrigerator. They taste good, but I wish the consistency of them was thinner. It is VERY thick. They have other drinks in the cooler, but they are not labeled, so i disnt know what they were.

You can eat in, or take out. The music is awesomeeee.

Service is fast, the food is amazing, please do yourself a favor and stop by this place!
There aren't many issues I have with the Philly food scene. It's a large reason why I've stayed in Philly vs. moving back to NY or Chicago. But if there's an area where the city could improve is in the availability of late night eats. I often dream of the "street meat" halal carts where you can stop by to get what you crave when it's past 2AM, all for a reasonable price. Thanks to Marilyn from Philly Grub, I've recently stumbled upon the solution - Masala Kitchen. 

Proprieter Vai Sonu and Chef Arjun have partnered up to bring flavor bombs in the form of Calcutta-style Indian street food. With most wraps and rolls, you've often stuck with a dry, tough flour tortilla that lacks flavor on its own. With Masala Kitchen, every bite is seasoned and will tantalize your taste buds without going overboard. It's also extremely portable, affordable, and almost everything made in-house.

Rose | Mango Lassi [$3.25]
Traditional yogurt-based drink
Kala Khatta [$2.25]
Sweet, tangy blackberry fruit
 
Pick up a couple of their lassi's to go. The traditional Indian yogurt-based drink is flavored with either mango or rose syrup and appear to be the perfect breakfast or workout smoothie. The Kala Khatta less viscous and is subtly sweet with a nice blackberry flavor. The mint lemonade was easy drinking as well, with the herbaceous sweetness offering up the perfect palate cleansing drink to end your meal. 

Chicken Biryani [$9]
Marinated chicken, basmati rice
 
MK's basmati rice is cooked perfectly, with juicy chunks of marinated chicken strewn throughout. And yes, they have the white and red sauces you often associate with street food. Balance each bite with the cooling white or amp up your spice level with the red!  

Paneer Masala Roll [$5.50]
Homemade cottage cheese, creamy tomato gravy "Makhani"
Chicken Kheema Roll [$5.25]
Ground chicken, lentil, Indian spices

But for me, the rolls are where it's at. The light and gluttonous paratha bread is lightly griddled on a large cast-iron tawa, which MK then fills with a number of delicious options. I'm usually not a big fan of paneer as it doesn't have much flavor on its own, but when coupled with their Makhani gravy, it's a blast of flavor that had me coming back for more. The chicken kheema offers a more savory spiced route, but nothing a douse of the white sauce can't balance out for the less intrepid eaters out there. 

MK also has a number of healthy rolls including a beet root and crispy cabbage roll. They just recently released a Pepperwala roll that marries juicy marinated chicken and their fresh-made paneer with crisp, fried green peppers. Just as delicious and definitely filling! 

So if you're looking for the perfect lunch or dinner option on the run - Masala Kitchen has you covered. And if you're out late on Friday or Saturday night and seeking a bit more flavor than your 24 hour Wawa, head over to MK. They're open until 3:30AM and you'll go to bed happy!
We ordered delivery from here and were very pleasantly surprised! My boyfriend and I love Indian food but were at bit doubtful about their "Kati rolls"- although I love naan I usually prefer rice with my Indian food. However, the rolls are amazing! Our favorite was the Masala roll- it is juicy, a touch spicy, and full of flavor. We also tried the tikka roll, which was great but a little dry. Luckily, they delivered a tasty yogurt sauce with every roll which was delicious and made up for any dryness. We also ordered a mango Lassi which we both really enjoyed.

Not only was the food a hit, but they delivered within 20min for free! Very impressed and will be ordering again soon.
Masala Kitchen Kati Rolls and Platters really hit the spot after a long day of traveling. The rolls here were cooked to order and delicious. They were also affordable and served up fast. What more can you ask for?

We had a late check-in at our hotel and were hungry. We ended up leaving our hotel for dinner around 11:15pm. I looked on Yelp for a good, quick, casual place to eat that was also open late. We were tired and I didn't feel like eating at a sit-down restaurant. Masala Kitchen popped up and checked all the boxes. They're open until 3:30am on Friday and Saturday nights. A friend also recommended this place to us.

This is a small fast-casual restaurant located in Center City, just four blocks from Philadelphia City Hall. It's right next to the entrance of a public parking garage. Seating inside is limited to about 24 seats. They have standard two-tops with Tolix chairs and a couple long high-tops with Tolix stools.

During our visit late on a Friday night between 11pm-12am, there was a small, but steady stream of customers. Most of the orders were takeout and delivery. We were the only dine-in customers at the time. The restaurant had plenty of staff on-hand. The kitchen is open. Bottled and canned drinks (from a fridge), sauces, eating utensils, and napkins are self-serve. The space itself is simple and looked relatively new and clean. The ambiance is that of a takeout joint. Since this restaurant is close to a lot of bars, it's perfect for those wanting a late-night snack or meal after a night on the town.

The menu is in the business name: kati rolls and platters. Kati rolls are an Indian street food from Kolkata (Calcutta), West Bengal. Masala Kitchen offers 14 varieties of kati rolls, ranging in price from $4.50 to $5.75 a roll. Buy two kati rolls, get $1 off. One or two rolls is good enough for a meal for most people. Ingredient options include chicken, beef, lamb, paneer (cheese), egg, vegetables, potatoes, Indian spices, and more.

The platters remind me of the platters you can get from The Halal Guys. For example, they have a Chicken-N-Rice platter ($8.75) and the self-serve sauces are similar too -- creamy white and spicy red. In addition, you can get biryani ($9.25-$10.00 each) and a paneer platter ($10). Drinks include mango and rose lassi ($3.70 each), chaas (an Indian yogurt drink, $3.70), masala chai ($3), and more.

The two of us ordered and split the following three rolls:

* Chicken Masala ($5.75) - marinated grilled chicken with Indian creamy tomato sauce "Makhani" and crispy onions
* Achari Paneer ($5.50) - marinated paneer with hint of mango pickle sauce, fresh mint-coriander chutney, and crispy onions
* Mix Veggie ($5.50) - fresh pea, carrot, and green bean mixture cooked in Indian spices with fresh mint-coriander chutney and crispy onions plus egg (+$0.50)

These rolls were great. My favorite was the achari paneer, but I'm fan of paneer. Everything was made fresh to order and came out piping hot. Each roll was wrapped in brown paper and Sharpied to identify the rolls.

The kati rolls are wrapped in what the restaurant calls a "tawa roti." Traditionally, tawa refers to the round, flat metal griddle used in Indian cooking. The roti here had a nice thickness to it, soft, and kind of fluffy with a sort of pillowy texture, lightly charred and appetizing. I like to describe Masala Kitchen's kati rolls as the Indian equivalent of the Taco Bell Chalupa or Gordita. In terms of the shell/wrap, they are more similar to the Gordita (softer, less crispy, not deep fried).

Each of the rolls was packed with flavor. If you like Indian food, I don't think the kati rolls here will disappoint you. The authentic, aromatic, and mouthwatering flavors were all there. The Mixed Veggie roll had a mushier consistency than the other rolls, but that wasn't surprising given the ingredients. I think adding egg to that roll really enhanced it. On the menu and item descriptions above, "crispy onions" refer to fresh, raw slices of red onion.

For sauces, I recommend getting a cup of the white sauce, adding a little bit of red to it, and mixing them together. The red sauce is quite spicy so a little goes a long way. The sauces by themselves are tasty too, so really it's a matter of personal preference. I dipped the rolls into the sauce mixture each time I took a bite. Yum.

Vaishali was our server and she was nice. Masala Kitchen uses the Revel POS system. Transactions, including tipping, are handled on a tablet and you can send yourself an itemized receipt.
This place is great! Rose lassi!?! Genius! 
The important thing is to consider this place to be a fast food type restaurant. Either grab n go or sit down and gobble up your meal - which is essentially how Kati rolls are supposed to be served. To some of the other reviews- yes they have a variety of options like biryani - but the place is for KATI ROLLS. its in the title. Biryani is not a super easy dish to make in a small fast food kitchen. Takes time and care. Don't expect it to be like a restaurant and demand that level of customer service. The people there are always pleasant when I come in - but I usually know exactly what I want. I have to say their paneer rolls are waaay better than their meat rolls. One time they forgot to give me the discount and reimbursed me while I was eating, even though I had not noticed. Very nice of them. If you're going for the first time definitely get the paneer Masala - I am willing to say that it might be their BEST roll and what I always pick up. All their other paneer rolls are great. Go for it even if you're not a vegetarian (avoid it if you're lactose intolerant). 
Also - if it's your first time, do yourself a f(L)avor   (Get it!?!) and get the rose lassi. You will not be disappointed.
Delicious food, large portions, good price, and fast service. 

This is a great place for take out or a quick and casual lunch.

I definitely enjoyed the rose lassi, and would go back for another one if I weren't out of state!
This is my go -to spot for yummy AND filling drunk food... A better alternative to drunk pizza... which by the way now that Mama Angelina's closed down, there is always a massive line outside of Pizzeria Cappelli.

 I've met the chef of Masala Kitchen (from a previous Yelp event) and he is a charming fellow who is ready to accommodate anyone's taste buds, even at 2am. 

Tip 1: You HAVE to try the mint lemonade!! 
Tip 2: Don't forget to check in on Yelp to get 10% off your order!! 
Tip 3: Don't forget to get an extra ramekin of white sauce!!
When the two fancier places that I wanted to try while in town for business didn't even have seats at the bar, I opted for takeout. This was close by and highly rated, and sounded like comfort food on a cold evening. 

The descriptions had my mouth watering, so I opted for what I thought would be classics: a chicken masala roll and a veggie roll (fresh peas, carrots, green beans mixture mint-coriander chutney and crispy onions) to go.  With the open kitchen you can see the staff making your rolls.  Though it was a quiet night, with only one or two other groups in the restaurant, there were several delivery service people coming and going.  I also perused the cold case where they had homemade mango lassi, rose lassi, chai, and other beverages, but didn't try any.

My rolls were packaged in an insulated pouch, so that they were still warm after the few-block walk back to my hotel.  The flavors were great, and the pouch kept them warm enough.  The chicken was tender, and the sauce was enough to keep the meat moist but not make a mess. The veggie one was a tad on the dry side, as in my husband who needs sauce would've gotten the hiccups, but I really enjoyed the flavor profile.
Masala Kitchen shits on Spice End.

Do yourself a favor and order the Chicken Masala Roll and eat it there on those cute stools. Oh and don't forget to pour some of that white and red sauce on it before every bite! I guarantee your eyes will roll back every time :-P
Clean, efficient, inexpensive, and delicious - Masala Kitchen far exceeded my expectations! We ordered the chicken masala kati roll and the paneer platter. Both had the "creamy tomato sauce" which was to die for!! I'm a huge fan of Indian cuisine and can be picky at times, but I must say Masala Kitchen does a good job. I will definitely be returning regularly!

Update Sept 2016: I go to this place every time I crave Indian food - I'm obsessed.
I just tried this place for the first time, and I am loving it. Masala Kitchen opened yesterday, in the former location of Marabella Meatball Company (which had been a favorite of mine.) 

Their specialty is "kati rolls," which are meats, paneer cheese, veggies, or eggs, wrapped in a thin flatbread. I ordered the chicken masala roll and achari paneer roll (paneer "with a hint of pickle.") When you order two rolls ($3.75-6.00 each), you get $1.00 off. 

The chicken masala roll is awesome. It has huge chunks of tender, white meat chicken in a masala sauce, with sliced onions, in the wonderful kati. The kati is thin enough to not be overly filling, but dense enough to hold all the goodies inside without ripping. 

The paneer roll is also great. Lots of cheese and a delicious, mildly spicy green chutney. None of the food is spicy, for those who are hesitant to eat Indian because of its reputation for hotness. You can add hot sauce upon receiving your order if you want to heat things up. Despite the lack of chili-pepper-hotness, the food is full of flavor and punch from other spices and fresh ingredients.

The yogurt sauce that came on the side is so good, sweet and savory at the same time, and very flavorful, a lot like tzatziki.

The staff in the restaurant was very friendly and helpful, making recommendations, and offering us samples of rose lassi (yogurt with rose syrup.) The lassi was really unique, and anyone who enjoys the flowery taste of rose or jasmine will love it.

If you live in the city (and don't just work there like I do), you will also be pleased that the restaurant is open very late every day. 

Monday-Thursday: 11:00am to 12am
Friday: 11:00am to 3:30am
Saturday: 12:00pm to 3:30am
Sunday: 12:00pm to 11:00pm

That's good eating in the middle of the night!
This place is okay.
If you want cheap, fast, non-authentic Indian food, then this is definitely an option.
The chicken Marsala roll was okay. Honestly, it's just an oily naan like shell with 3-4 chunks of chicken, sauce, and like 2 raw red onion rings.
It's fast. It's relatively cheap. But it's nothing to wow over.
The mango lassi was okay. Thick and tangy.
Service is nice and the place is clean.
Overall, this is sort of a last resort quick lunch. Not dying to go back, but I would if I was a pinch.
Perfect after a late night at bars. There seems to be a lack of late night food options around this area, and masala kitchen definitely helps fill in that emptiness. Their specialty is the Kati roll, which is a paratha wrapped around meat or paneer. Here are a couple of my favorites from MK:

Paneer Masala roll -- although I'm not vegetarian, I prefer paneer over chicken because it has a softer texture, making it easier to bite into the roll without pulling half of the fillings out. It's pretty flavorful, and one roll is filling enough for a late night snack. The rolls come with a yogurty white sauce (perfect for balancing out the heat in the roll) and a spicy red sauce. 

Mango lassi: where else are you going to find a cool mango drink in the middle of the night? This is definitely a must have if you're already in the restaurant. 

Basically, masala kitchen is quickly becoming my favorite place for late-night eats. Make sure to stop by if you're bar hopping in the area!
Ten months after my first visit, and I'm still obsessed. 

-The quality of their food has definitely improved since their opening. During my first visit (months ago) the chicken in my Kati roll was a little dry -- recently, the chicken has been perfect and moist. 

-Masala Kitchen is my go to for a post-bar snack, but I've also visited for a quick and cheap lunch. They also can put an egg into your roll (for an additional 50 cents), which makes it a lot more filling. 

-The Paneer Masala Roll is still my favorite, but I've now tried basically all of their rolls and can safely say that they're all pretty good. I'm not the biggest fan of the basic egg one though since it's a lot smaller than the rest. 

-I've gotten them to cater a lunch, and they're professional, easy to work with, and reasonably priced (free delivery!)

One con: the interior of MK has gotten a little smokey lately, so be prepared to leave smelling like indian spices and grill.
Ordered the Chicken Tikka roll here as an amuse bouche for the tasting menu at Indeblue. 

The roll is soft and fluffy naan. It is filled primarily with chicken and Indian tikka spices. The spices were excellent. They were salty, complex, and just a touch of spicy.

The chicken was cooked just a bit too far. I'd say they do the standard 165 chicken. This leaves it slightly dry, chalky, and resilient to the bite. 

I enjoyed this roll. The chicken was slightly over-executed.
What started off as a search for drunk food ended thankfully at this amazing location. In addition the staff was extremely friendly!

I had a Keema roll, a Masala roll, and a mango lassi. The keema roll had a little less spice than the masala roll, but both were equally delicious. Whereas the mango lassi was a refreshing beverage to have in between flavorful bites.

I will definitely be back.
I've been here twice and it's very good and lives up to the reviews. The paneer masala roll is hands down one of the best Kati rolls I've had- probably better than the original Kati Rolls in NYC. The Aloo masala roll was less magnificent but still solid. 

I also got the chicken and lamb combo and it was delicious. Tasted much less synthetic than the Halal guys platters, and was incredibly filling and the meat, rice and lettuce all blended together favorably. I recommend using a LOT of the white sauce on everything- it's great!
Better than "mmkay!"

Stopped by for lunch with a colleague. Everything was fresh and delicious, with a respectable level of spice! Loved all of it. Plus, the Kati rolls were such a great value at only $5.25!

Will definitely be back.
lovin' it so far!

it's fantastic that this is accessible on a late night and usually on my way home!  although, it's couple dollars more than your food truck meal.  the food here is fresh and clean! one platter portion can easily feed me for 2 meals! 

i also shared the take outs with my bf and he had no idea that it wasn't the halal guys! MK has got it going! it would be great if they offer falafel too!

PS. don't forget the 10% off coupon with your check in!
Best place for Indian fusion food ever! Drive all the way from jersey most weekends just to pick up. They maintain the taste and the quality to the max!! Must visit if you around. Also open very late.
What is up with all the glowing reviews?! I guess some people will rave about any cheap food...

For starters, this food is not 'Indian.' It's plentiful, spiced and seemingly fresh but where are the delicious, fragrant spices that are the hallmark of good Indian food? Where the hell is the naan?

My vegetarian friend and I visited here yesterday. She will eat just about anything provided it has no animal flesh, so I can't really trust her opinion. The place is clean and the folks behind the counter seem genuinely welcoming, helpful and pleasant. They play dreadful American music that seems geared at getting patrons out as soon as possible, but they were all kind, helpful and gracious to us and other customers who came and went as my friend P. and I dined.

We both decided on the platters with rice, lettuce and pita (!) bread. I got the MK chicken, P. got a paneer dish. My dish came with 'white sauce' and I have no idea what it was. It did not have much of a taste; no yogurt tang, some discernible bits of stuff that could have been spices but had no taste. There is also a big pump dispenser of it, along with an equally big pump dispenser of a red hot sauce. That one just tastes hot, but in a flat, sort of chemical way. 

The food was served in a deep, round aluminum dish which would make a good container if you ordered take out. There was a lot of lightly orange colored rice and it did not taste like basmati. On top of the rice was chopped iceberg lettuce. No dressing. It was limp from the heat of the rice. I got a large amount of mostly shredded boneless white meat chicken that had that same generic hot spice and red sauce on it and over that was drizzled the mystery white sauce. To one side was 4 triangles of spongy, moist, limp and very bland pita bread. The dish was not visually appealing. The rice was bland, the pita bread was pathetic, the limp, warm chopped lettuce was atrocious and the chicken could have been any kind of warm, one note spiced protein. It was not juicy or dry-it just was. The shining part of the meal was the mango lassi. These are premade and sitting in a refrigerated cooler. Not too sweet, very thick and full of flavor. 

At different times in our meal, a server came over to check on us to see if we needed anything. Again, I was impressed by the genuine hospitality of the people working there, though it did not make up for the lackluster food. 

P., who eats very fast and tends to over eat as a result, said she felt 'great' after her meal. I just felt sad.
This is the best thing to happen to lunch in Philadelphia! Fast, afforable, indian food. Absolute jem! Will be coming here often! I had the Aloo Paneer roll, the paneer was very light and flavorful.
Hello hello! I stopped here while visiting a close friend of mine in Philli, and I must say that I was in for a treat.

I ordered chicken briyani as my meal, and I got a mint lemonade on the side (handcrafted by the restaurant). The food came out very quick, and it was absolutely so delicious! By all means authentic Indian food, I grabbed white sauce and hot and spicy red sauce to dress my food in. The chicken was extremely flavorful, you could taste the notes of each and every spice that the chicken was seasoned with. The Naan bread complimented the dish perfectly, and I made sure to dip with each and every single bite of food.  The mint lemonade was so fresh and it seemed to compliment the food perfectly. It added a special zest to my taste buds. 

I was in paradise, and I recommend that you give this place a go! Cheers to good eats!
I use to go to NY for platters at the halal guys cart, it was good but so greasy and killed my stomach. I was in the area for and craving a platter, to my surprise it wasnt greasy the rice was light, soft and nicely seasoned.  Doesn't even make you feel bad later. I got the chicken and lamb platter. The meat & rice was flavorful and I liked that there was little salad but more of everything else. This is my favorite platter!!  The red sauce isnt really spicy like ny but very good.

I got the mango lassi, it was very good refreshing and thick and had a strong mango taste

I got the chicken tikka and paneer roll, through small it was very filling. Chicken tikka was a little dry but dipping it in yogurt took care of it. 

They packed the food very well and delivery came before the estimated time! Even my friends loved it better than other places we tried it philly!
So excited!!! I now have a Kati Roll NYC substitute in Philadelphia.  I just happen to walk by here today and of course had to try it.  I'm so glad I did.  The service and food are excellent. Prices are extremely reasonable.  This is definitely going to be a regular spot.
OMG! Been waiting forever for a Kati roll place to come to center city Philly. Good Indian fast food is definitely lacking around here. Was so excited a month ago when I got a flyer saying this place was open. Sorry to Marabella meatballs. 
Went in here for lunch today. Alot of the decor was leftover from the previous restaurant but it was really nice and clean inside. Service was also friendly and quick. I got the chicken briyani rice platter with white and hot sauce on the side. They didn't make my dish on the spot but that's ok because it was still really good. Flavor was spot on. Maybe a tad oversalted. They're very generous with their portions. Lots of meat and rice.  My co-worker got the chicken and lamb over rice which he said he enjoyed. Oh and prices were really decent too. Comparable to NJ and I'm pretty sure rental isn't cheap around here. Will be coming back time and time again if they keep up the good work! Please stay open!
Really good kati rolls, outstrips others in the city for sure. The ingredients taste so fresh, and the flavors are very distinctive, which I appreciate, since a lot of fast food Indian tends to slap a vague tikka masala over everything and call it a day. The rolls look small, but two rolls left me feeling like I was going to explode. I'd recommend the paneer tikka (cottage cheese with onions and spices) and chicken masala (chicken in a creamy tomato based sauce).
I got chicken n lamb platter and mango lassi take out. Staff was very nice and clean ambiance was definitely plus. Also location is very convenient. I only had this menu at halal guys in nyc so I can't really judge about food. One thing I noticed was it was less saltier. Not sure if it is good thing but for me it was ok. White sauce was more like mayo to me. But they have sauce counter on the side so you can take as much as you want to. Lassi was delicious but container was tiny.. Seems like everyone likes their rolls so I should try next time. Since it is clean and so close to me I will probably going back there.
The chicken tikka roll and the paneer tikka roll are the best I've ever had. They were both moist, balanced in flavor, and enhanced by the yummy white and hot sauces. I'm a huge fan of this place. The only downside is they have a relatively high minimum of $20 for ordering through GrubHub.
TL;DR: Fast, friendly, affordable, delicious, seating options & delivery!

So friendly and so delicious! I've only had their platters here, but they have both been great so far. The chicken and rice and the MK specials are both worth getting and each are under $10. The last time I was there, they handed out free samples of the mango lassi which was very tasty. The workers have always been nice, answering questions and accommodating with dietary requests.
I can't say enough great things about this place. Our office is right down the street and we've ordered lunch for about 25 people twice now. The first time we ordered individually. 25 individual orders isn't easy, but they delivered on time and were friendly and courteous throughout the whole process. The second time, we ordered from the catering menu, and I highly recommend it. The menu is simple so it's very easy to order from. They also cut the kati rolls in half so people were able to mix it up and try different types. All were delicious! They also gave us plenty of plates and napkins and an insane amount of sauce. Everyone was very full and happy. 5/5, would absolutely recommend!
I was looking for quick and easy food after work and this hit the exact spot. I had the chicken masala roll and it was awesome! Excited to come back and try other rolls.
I came here one night with some friends after a few drinks in the area, suddenly craving some spice and flavorful food from the motherland. I usually don't eat Indian food out in Philly - haven't had anything remarkable at a few places I tried, but the kati rolls here were impressive! The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get - I ordered the Chicken Tikka and Achari Paneer rolls for a total of about $11. The food came out fast, they gave me the Achari chicken instead of the paneer, but I didn't mind, they were both delicious! I will be coming back to try the other options!

As someone else pointed out, a few minutes after we came in, the room got a little smoky, so if you plan on sitting down for a while, you might end up leaving smelling like Indian food. But if you plan to take out, eat it quick or else they may get soggy.
Came in for a quick bite and shared the chicken keema, paneer, and aloo Kati rolls between 2 people. Delicious. Hit the spot. Right amount of spice and my Indian parents would approve. Great friendly service and a clean bathroom. Would definitely go back and try the rest of the menu!
I have been to Afghanistan and India and are this kind of stuff in NYC forever, this is the best chicken Briyani the world has to offer. They just nail the sauces and bread which is crucial. It takes me a long time on saturdays to get there but I'm always so happy afterwards it's worth it. There Kati rolls are spiced perfectly. They are super nice too. I had an event catered from there and the food was gone in seconds, it was breakfast time too! Very professional.
Delicious food, perfect for a quick bite (and late night munchies)! Masala Kitchen serves a variety of kati rolls for around $5 each, as well as some rice platter choices. Love, love the flavors of the kati rolls - it's kinda like a wrap so it's portable (although I did make a mess eating it, I think it's just me) with delicious fillings inside, ranging from vegetarian options to chicken to lamb. One kati roll is good for a lunch (although might wanna get more if you're starving)! Service is really friendly and food came out pretty quickly. The store has plenty of seating for a quick bite. I also ordered the mango lassi - it came in a small plastic bottle and was really creamy! It was very thick though - I think I prefer it to be a tad less so, but that's just my personal preference.
I am absolutely addicted! Best affordable lunch around the area.  I always get the Healthy Sprout roll, which is filled with lentils, beets, cabbage, etc.  It is perfect with the spicy sauce.  I also get some chaas (buttermilk) too.  Super affordable, flavorful and always fast!
Service was fast, my friend put an order while walking from the dog park on South St. Walked over to pick up the food and it was already ready. The food was good, I got the paneer roll and he got the chicken masala. Oh also, get the red sauce if you love spice. I love spice.
I've had a lot of "platters" in my life from: NY, NJ, and now PA. Masala's is probably a 6 out of 10. I got a combo (lamb and chicken) platter. the rice wasn't flavored and the meat seemed quite dry. I know the white and red sauce is supposed to be the star, but the red sauce had an over powering taste of paprika(?) i think. 

this is obviously not a meal you'd get for lunch or dinner... it's definitely an after hours/after drinking/hanging spot. But i don't know. I've had platters from carts around the city that were better than this. sorry!
I loved there achar chicken roll, chicken masala roll and mango lassi. AMAZING!! I always got it delivered never went there to eat but they truly have the best Kati rolls I have had in a very long time. The food quantity is good too. One person can eat one whole roll, nothing goes to waste.
Amazing!!! Just moved to philly and came to this place randomly. I got the tikka masala and the paneer masala. Delicious. It is definitely comparable to that famous Kati roll place in NYC. I will definitely be coming back.
This place is the bomb. I didn't even come hungry - just looking for a midnight snack - and I gobbled down the Chicken Pepperwala kati roll and Chicken Kheema roll like there was no tomorrow.

The white sauce and red sauce complemented the kati rolls well. The wrap was delicious and chicken was beautifully marinated. The rolls were not too oily and just the right amount of flavor.

Fast service. Great food. Best kati rolls I've ever had. Would come back again.
Service was good here. Food was uninspiring at best. I got a chicken plate that really lacked much flavor. You can dump a ton of the white sauce and hot sauce, but then you might as well just drink the sauce. I would skip the chicken plate. 

The kati rolls were pretty good. I think that is the better choice to eat at this spot. Other than that, not terrible food, but not great. I would pass and go find something else to eat.
Very, very good! So much flavor packed in a small package! The combination of Indian spices provided different tones and aromas in every bite. Very satisfying. Must warn you, one Kati Roll will not be enough, so get 2, plus you'll get $1 off if you do. Paired with a fresh and tasty Mango Lassi, I'm very good now. Very, very good.

Staff is young, super friendly and engaging. My photos will not do the food justice, the magic is hidden inside the rolls.
By far the best kati rolls I've had in this country! The chicken is so tender, flavorful, and well marinated. For vegetarians, the aloo paneer roll is an amazing option, id say it's as good if not better than the nonveg options! At $5.50 a roll, Im definitely going to be a regular customer.
Came in around 2am after a night out on the town. Packed (as usual I guess), but the cashiers were all super quick and friendly.

What we ordered:
1. Chicken n Rice- Halal guys copy cat, but doesn't live up to the standards. 
2. Paneer Kati Roll- Our favorite. paneer covered in the creamy tomato sauce- delicious 
3. Chicken Masala Kati Roll- 2nd favorite. Tasted like the paneer one- but with grilled chicken.
4. Lamb Kabob Kati Roll- not that remarkable but I remember the spices were strong.

Great for anyone that wants that quick and casual Indian restaurant experience. Also, makes really good drunk food in my opinion. Would love to come back if I'm ever in the area but definitely recommend the kati rolls over the platters.
I made a mistake coming here. I walked in to a nearly empty restaurant and excitedly ordered my chicken and Lamb Platter to eat on the subway ride back to my dorm. Only to open my bag and pull out an order that didn't belong to me. 
My deepest apologies to the lady who's wraps I got, but whatever you ordered wasn't great. So enjoy the meal.
Tried the beef tikka kati roll. Very reminiscent of the kati rolls I used to enjoy in Calcutta. Other than a kati roll shop in Soho, London, this is the best kati roll I have had outside India.
This place is amazing!  After heading home from Vintage Wine Bar where we had some wine and appetizers, my fiance and I stopped here for kati rolls.  Everyone there was so friendly and they even let us sample some of their lassis (all which were delicious!).  We loved the food so much we ordered kati rolls for delivery a few days later and although it was Saturday night, they were very prompt with delivery and they didn't charge us a delivery fee.  The food came hot and fresh.  Highly recommend!
The food was good but the dinner was ruined after a person from the street came in and aggressively demanded my attention ("hey, YOU, yeah YOU").  Ultimately, he forcefully took some of my money. The restaurant staff did not try to intervene (they just watched) even though he was also sexually harassing one of the employees.  The guy was continually fishing in his pants pocket screaming so one has to assume it was some sort of weapon...which did not positively add to my dining experience.

 As you can imagine, this experience was terrifying.  I spoke with the staff after the man left and they said that these things happen.  No, they don't.  But it seemed like this might have not been the first time the staff has experienced this.

They really needed to tell him to leave and call the cops.  I certainly feel that they do not care about the physical well-being of their customers.  The restaurant also made zero effort to make things right, too.

I will not go back because it is not safe to eat here.
A friend recommended this place and we stopped by for quick snack kinda meal. Not a very huge selection in the menu but whatever they got is really good. It's got a very indie feel to it with limited seating. Even the drinks were exactly how they should be. Not too sweet and viscosity was right on point. Achari Paneer roll was the best with perfect combination of tanginess and spice. Mix veg Kati roll was little on a sweeter side because of carrots and peas but wasn't bad either. Their yogurt sauce on the side makes the flavor pop and is perfect with any Kati roll. Red chilli sauce is very hot but still good. Overall, a quick stop n go place but if you are in this area, it's a must visit. Ratings
Achari Paneer - 5/5
Mix Veg - 4/5
Mango lassi - 5/5
Chaas - 5/5
This is my go-to place for a quick, cheap, late night bite. However, they definitely need to work on their delivery times. 

My favorite is the chicken tikka roll with egg. The chicken is juicy and tender cooked unlike other kathi roll places in the area. The chicken biryani is also great.
I'm very new to Indian food and really enjoyed it!! The spices are abundant and work super well together as I learned the chicken masala roll is a classic. 

The service was super quick and they were so patient with all of my questions since I don't know my way around an Indian menu. 

The kati roll was soft and similar to a tortilla wrap but a little thicker and possibly better. The chicken was pretty moist even after sitting in the fridge for a couple hours and having to be reheated. Also you get a GOOD amount of meat for $5.75. I will definitely be going back to explore more items!
Delicious food and great service. So happy to have another great casual lunch and dinner option in midtown village.
I had the lamb Kati roll, extra spicy, and the rose lassi. It was pretty good! The naan was soft and warm, the lamb mixture was flavorful. Some of the spices were not fully ground up, resulting in the occasional bite of whole cardamom. Apart from that, the prices are good and the service is fast. Ordering ahead online is a huge plus. I can see this being a great late night spot also.
The paneer platter is to die for, which is only made better by the fact that platters here are generously portioned.
Probably the best lunch time Indian food in Center City. Just found out about this place and will definitely be back. Got the lamb roll and chicken tikka roll. Both were very good. Lots of flavor. The hot sauce on the side also added flavor. Prices reasonable and comparable to other places nearby.
Had my first try at Masala Kitchen for lunch yesterday and was blown away. I was a bit skeptical as I've always had my favorites in Philadelphia and the thought of fast food indian just didnt sit too well But OMG their chicken masala roll is AMAZING!!!!!!! It is ridiculously good! 

I want one now. I want one daily! I wan't one every meal if possible! 

I love that it is so cheap and I love that they are opened late! All kinds of love! Will be returning to try their recommended Chicken Kheema next. Can not wait!
Terrible food, very unclean. On Christmas Eve this place being one of the very places open we decided to give it a try. The kati roll was ok. The rice platters were horrible. Took the paneer platter and veg Biryani. Bad taste.. no flavor. Rice laden with cinnamon. To worsen it found strands of hair in both the platters. Ewww. Will never be trying this again.
This place definitely feels like a souped up version of Spice End. The ambiance is very lively and the menu options are pretty extensive. On my quest to find a place to get after-hours chicken and rice, this place comes to the top of my list. The quality of the chicken is amazing: juicy and very well-seasoned. You can pour on as much white and hot sauce as needed. The mango lassi is so thick and delicious; probably some of the best that I have had here in Philly.
this is my new go-to.  The staff is warm and friendly and the place is very clean.  I was so down when Marabella Meatball Co closed.  BUT.. this is a most welcome change. The chicken masala roll is DEELISHUSS!  I went back the next night to get it again.  I also gave the aloo paneer roll a whirl and it's also very tasty.  I see this place doing very well once the neighborhood realizes how great the rolls are.  I definitely recommend this place.  I'm sure bar goers will be happy with the weekend 3:30am closing time.
I discovered this place after a recommendation from a friend when looking for a solid quick bite before catching a Philly Orchestra concert at the Kimmel Center.  The service here is polite and quick and the food here was a pleasant surprise.  I was just expecting a run of the mill fast food indian joint, but I got so much more! Their rolls were perfect for on the go eating and the platters were healthy portion and flavorful.  The kicker was also the mango lassi! It hit the spot after a lot of brisk walking to avoid the rain.  I would return again for quick bites before catching a show anywhere on Broad St.
Awesome! My first review.  I passed here yesterday and it smelled good, but I ate next door and all I could do was think about it.  I ate here the next day and it did not disappoint! I had the chicken masala and chicken kheema roll. Both had great flavor...but my favorite was the chicken kheema and the mint lemonade was delish! Would definitely recommend and will come back next time I'm in Philly! They should franchise...it was so good.
First time in Philly, just a random trip, and came across this little hidden gem. Nothing fancy, but cute, quaint, and delicious. Hubby ordered the Unda roll, paneer tikka and mix veggie roll. I ordered aloo roll. All the rolls came warm and oh so tasty! We were stuffed. Friendly staff and nice atmosphere. Oh and mango lassi is a must try, tasty and comes in a convenient bottle which we carried as we walked the rest of the city.
Greasy ,low quality ,small portion unhealthy food, I'm wondering who gives this food 4,5 star !!! 
I rather eat at McDonalds, at least it tastes good !
Excellent place. Great options. Open super late. The panee roll is perfection and the chutney is very flavorful.  I wish we had places like this in Houston.  Friendly staff and the place was packed at 3am.  Good sign.  

They place is clean and the location is really convenient. Go support.
Went for a quick lunch. It was good food loved the chicken tikka masala roll. Good prompt service and food was great. A good way to taste nice Indian food that you would find in india ie. Rolls. Definitely recommend it for all! Go check it out.
Masala Kitchen is my favorite restaurant in the neighborhood. They have plenty of Kati rolls which is unique for the area, and they're open very late. The service is friendly, delivery is offered, and any special requests are taken care of. Hopefully more people come in since the restaurant is still new.
Excellent food for the price. 

I first came here during their grand opening. There was a private party for the family of the owner, and I was the only customer inside. I was ready to order a few rolls, but then the owner stopped me and said any rolls I wanted to try were free today.

That's amazing customer service.

Since then, I'm happy to report the place has exploded in popularity. You can't go wrong with any of the chicken rolls, but my personal favorite is the paneer masala roll. Add the white sauce (to how much your diet can handle) and you have tasty combo. 

Is it the most authentic indian food? No. Is it hella tasty and a great deal especially if you're hungry at night? Heck yes. 4/5 for the food but overall 5/5  for the nice staff and that opening day gesture by the owner.
Stopped in today to pick up lunch and
really enjoyed the food there. I had the Paneer Masala Kati roll and the vegetable Biryani. The Paneer Masala roll was very tasty and they did not skimp on the paneer! The vegetable Biryani was delicious and had just enough spice to it.
They give you a nice serving of the Biryani for the price and I'll be saving more than half for another meal. 

They offer up two sauces to accompany your dishes. One is a white sauce that I thought was going to be similar to Raita but turns out it was very mayo based. I really would have rather had Raita but it's free so I don't want to complain too much about it. It would definitely help cool down some of the spice. 

Also, I was a little disappointed to find that they served me pita bread instead of naan. It was good fluffy pita bread but I'd much rather have naan with their food. 

I will definitely go back as it's super close to my office and very tasty. It's nice having a quick take out place to go when I have a craving Indian food. Also, the staff were friendly and pleasant so go check it out.
Very good food . I ordered their chicken and lamb over rice. Asked it to keep it spicy . They made it exactly the way I wanted. This is a good place in the heat of Philadelphia. Best thing is it's very quick. Didn't have to wait a lot of time.
This place is absolutely delicious.  Healthy, made-to-order Indian food in either wraps or bowls.  Lots of vegetarian and gluten free options, spicey sauce to add.  We really (really!) loved it here and will certainly be back.  They're open super late for that late night dinner.  Made for an awesome lunch the next day and was so reasonably priced.
Masala kitchen is a weekly staple for my boyfriend and I . It's great for vegetarians and omnivores alike. I think these Khati rolls might even be better than the ones from the Khati roll company in NYC. I've never been disappointed . Delivery is always delivered sooner than expected and the rolls are always delicious. Plus, the prices are very reasonable !
Great late-night stop. Flavors are great. i got the Masala Chicken roll. Staff is very nice and attentive. Restroom and environment is clean.
Tried the chicken and rice platter, Achari Chicken Roll, and Aloo Paneer Roll. The rolls were good but Chicken and Rice Platter was incredible. Will definitely be back. Also tried Kala Khatta drink, which was mediocre. A lot sweeter than expected.
The food was pretty good!

We ordered through UberEats and it was a quick delivery! We ordered a lamb and chicken platter and a paneer tikka roll. The portions were generous and filling! 

I ate the paneer tikka roll. Onions and chutney are also included in the roll (and you can opt for other veggies to be added into the make up) and it's a savory mixture when paired with the well seasoned paneer. The restaurant provides a few packets of their hot sauce in case you want to amp up the spice factor! 

Enjoyed the food and the service. Will return for a dine in experience!
Tried to call in a pick up order.  Hello? Hang up.  2nd attempt...hello? Hi I'm calling to see if you have some vegan options?  We have chicken and rice. OK that's not vegan.  After explaining to her what vegan was we decided on potato masala.  Pause...im sorry that's not vegan.  OK what is vegan?  Chicken and rice.  Are you f**ing kidding me? Beware vegans and vegetarians...They do not understand.
Excellent food, and at a reasonable price.  I love their achari paneer -- full of flavors, with generous amounts of paneer.  Their Rose Lassi is really good too.
So here's the skinny.  I wanted to eat something in Philly that I couldn't eat in D.C. and I didn't have time to try Pizza Brain and another caf was not in my cards.  Yeah, all that was going on and I decided to turn to Yelp to see what was in walking distance.  That's how I found Masala Kitchen.

I like the progressive idea to do Indian food or any other cuisine with a fast casual twist.  In D.C., Rasa does this well but D.C. is inundated with restaurants copying, interpreting, modeling themselves after Chipotle.  Masala Kitchen had me hype because they aren't doing that.  Kudos to the Philly restaurant scene for doing it's own thang.

Restaurants seem to have one of two things.  Have a front line staff that are engaging, whether that restaurant is empty or packed.  Other restaurants seem to just be.  I am not one to enter an establishment and then turn around but I should have just done that this time.

I ordered a Paneer Platter along with a Lassi to wash it down.  The Paneer was ok.  Nothing special at all.  The naan was way too soft for my liking.  Not fluffy soft, soft like it could have been cooked a tad longer soft.  So that was that.  The only thing saving the meal in my eyes was the Makhani, a tomato based sauce served along with my meal.  That made the meal for me.  That and my bottle of Lassi.  The actual bottle, the beverage, not so much.*  

Three Stars only on the account of the Makhani and I bet some people will read that and be like, you must not have had good Makhani and you my friends are correct.


*I should have taken a picture of the bottle.  It was cute.  But I can't get into the habit of taking pictures of every cute thing I see.  I'll save some for memories.
My chicken tikka roll was delicious, but was definitely small for a "dinner" portion. The roti was absolutely heavenly and I could have eaten many of those! My boyfriend enjoyed his chicken and lamb "masala style" platter. I wish they offered sides, because a roll plus a side would make a substantial dinner, but for now I will stick with this place for lunch.
We went to this restaurant after doing the walking tour of the city to enjoy the food. 

The food was not good at all . We order aachari panner , paneer tikka rolls . There was no difference in both of them .
Awesome place to try out chicken and rice. Open late and very friendly staff. Chicken Rice hits the spot and biryanis are real good as well.
The best paneer I've ever had! I got an Aloo Paneer Roll and Masala Chai and my friend got Chicken Masala Roll and Rose Lassi. We both loved our meals. Can't believe I've never been here before! Total find.
I cannot lie, I am not sad to see Marabella Meatball company gone from this location- and I think Masala Kitchen has a great idea that's a good fit for the area- Indian food that's quick and good on the go. 

There's a lot of seating, so I'd imagine this'd be a good spot late night with a group. I got the chicken masala roll. I liked the sauce, I'd imagine a chicken tikka masala made in it would be delicious. However, I don't think the chicken had a chance to cook long enough in it- the meat itself was tender, but a bit bland. I liked that the naan it was wrapped in wasn't too thick, and how the roll was pressed in a panini press to make it more compact/easier to travel with.
Do NOT come to Masala Kitchen. I came here on a Saturday night for some late night food and while I was in the bathroom, the staff unlocked the door in the middle of me using the bathroom to let some drunk guy in. I was not even in there for a full minute before this happened - it was closer to 30 seconds. 

This was extremely violating and I will never give Masala Kitchen my business. I do not encourage anyone to frequent an establishment where they think this is OK.
I'm a fan! I chose the masala paneer Kati roll. Paneer is cheese. There was a ton of cheese on my wrap. The kati wrap was really well done, it didn't break and wasn't chewy or tough. They made the wrap right away, there was almost no waiting and it was really cheap! I hate paying a ton for fancy Indian food because most of the time the recipes come from regions where the people who cook the recipes live on very little income. The tastes in this wrap were comparable to some of the best Indian food I've tried. I think this is a chain, if it is I haven't tried any other locations. They have seating inside and outside. It is a quick service restaurant where the employees are always behind the counter and you pick the food up from the counter. There is a case of bottled and canned drinks. The white sauce is not a garlic sauce, it tastes more like ranch, it did not fit on my sandwich, so I didn't use it. Overall I'll definitely be back when I'm craving Indian! I hope they're around for a long time!!
Did not live up to expectations.  They are rationing tap water at the front and do not include raita for biryanis.  Platters are expensive compared to what you get in nyc for the same portion of food and taste is middling or average.  I got the chicken and rice platter and there were no grilled onions or peppers.  Just minced spicy chicken and rice with a weak salad.  Vegetable Biryani is very run of the mill.  And what is with the water rationing.  Excuse was only one jug of water and it's filled less than halfway.  They would've gotten three but just lost a star for this cheapness
I love their roti rolls and for $6, it's a good deal.  I usually get the chicken masala as the aloo roll with paneer in it.  Try it with white sauce in the side.  You can order online or at the kiosk there and they afe fast and open late.
Always hits the spot. My favorite is the chicken kheema roll. The chicken tawa is good too, but I would probably choose to have a second kheema roll over a tawa (I usually get 2). I haven't tried the chicken masala yet, and I'm curious about the vegetarian ones too. I did try the chicken and rice platter once and was not impressed. I'll just stick with the kati rolls, which are stellar!
Place is small with limited seating.
Had the MK Special. It was tasty. Was surprised to find the$2.25 coke I ordered was only 8.5 oz...
I was so excited to find a restaurant dedicated to Kati Rolls, and this place did not disappoint! I opted for a vegetarian option and got the paneer masala, which was super flavorful. The worker at the counter was extremely friendly, and guided me through the different spice levels so that I didn't completely burn my mouth off.

The menu has a large variety of options but isn't too overwhelming. I would recommend one roll if you're looking for a snack and two if you're looking for a meal.

If my days of staying out late weren't behind me, this would be my go to spot for late night eats given its late hours and proximity to bars/night life.
Went here for lunch takeout with BF. We both work in the area. Being from India, we love our spicy flavors. This place is lacking. We ordered 2 chicken biriyanis, 1 aloo paneer roll and 1 chicken pepperwala roll. Pros: Yelp 10% discount; portions were good; rice and/or meat portion was adequate per order; roti soft; cool roti maker; food hot; kati rolls decent; good box for rolls; prices reasonable. Cons: biriyani is lacking all traditional flavors and spice- i hate having to recook any food. I had to with some indian spices. We Indians like our traditional Indian food.  Give spice choices to everyone but if you say the dish is spicy, taste it and make sure you are correct. Use traditional biriyani masala. Get rid of white 'mayonnaise sauce' and the red 'Tabasco like' sauce. Not indian. Replace with pickle or even raita.
The food itself was just ok. The portion size was pretty good but I didn't find anything special about the food itself- I got a few rolls and ate one and a half.

I ordered delivery to my hotel room- it took over 45 minutes to arrive. They didn't give me any utensils. The yogurt sauce was forgettable. I wouldn't order food from here again.
Best kati rolls i have had... especially their masala paneer rolls! I love this place, it's a must try!
