I had a yummy Italian sandwich at M&Ms.
Philly is the city of hoagies and cheesesteaks, but Matt & Maries definitively shift the scene with their delicious Italian sandwiches. I had a eggplant mozza chicken combo and it was delicious.
I also appreciated the free treat (it was Halloween week). The atmosphere was chill with not too loud music and warming colors. 
Finally, being greeted with a large smile is always a plus.
Will definitively come back for more!
I was visiting a friend and Philly and quickly decided to give this place a try. I used to live in the area and am always intrigued with the new places that open up.

Personally, I LOVED the sandwich I had. I tried the Uncle Guy's Turkey and couldn't get enough. There was clearly alot of thought put into the combination of the ingredients and the quality of each one was 2nd to none.  At a high level, I just ordered a Turkey Club, but the fresh turkey, pancetta and homemade garlic aioli took it to another level. One of the best turkey sandwiches I've had - and I've had alot :).  The best part about it was that I didn't feel like a disgusting greaseball afterward. Fresh, simple, yet thoughtful. 

I liked it so much, I came back the next day before I got on the train to NYC and ordered another one. If I still lived in the area, this place would definitely be in my weekly lunch rotation.

Stop in before the secret is out! I hope they open one up in NYC soon!
This place is a top notch stand-out among the local Philly lunch options. The decor is upscale and inviting, with the menu written on butcher paper, and Frank Sinatra singing "New York, New York."

I ordered the Italian Stallion, (because when in Rome...), and I was not at all disappointed. There was a lot of meat, the bread was soft but crunchy, and the peppers and onions gave the whole thing a nice kick. You could tell that all the ingredients are high-quality and fresh, and the cute owner, Marie, came around while I was eating to check how everything was. I also had a side of broccoli rabe, which was great. 

Before catching the train back to NYC, I stopped in again at 5:45pm and grabbed a sandwich for the way home, the Uncle Gaetano's Turkey this time, which has an amazing turkey (100% turkey and salt, nothing else added) with crispy pancetta, garlic aoili, and a tomato to lighten it up. If I worked in the area, I'd be here at least once a week.

Loved the variety of beverage options. I had a Blood Orange San Pellegrino with my sandwich and an illy iced coffee to take with me for the road.
Family and I ordered three different sandwiches today, and we all had the same reaction - wow!  Great place for lunch in Philly.  All three sandwiches were served on delicious Italian bread - perfectly fresh, soft to the bite, and well, amazing.  The Pieta Pastrami sandwich had a very generous portion of very lean pastrami combined with an interesting mix of dill pickles and onions.  I normally wouldn't order dill pickles, but I wanted to taste the sandwich as prepared, and I really liked it.  The Italian Stallion was very tasty - fresh, high quality, delicious meats and cheese.  Definitely worth ordering.  Uncle Guy's Turkey was absolutely delicious as well - Thanksgiving quality turkey  with a generous portion of pancetta, perfectly dressed with garlic aioli, tomato, and arugula,  The combination of flavors made this sandwich our favorite for the day!  The staff and owners were all friendly and helpful.  I can't wait to return - there are several other sandwich offerings I want to try out.
Ducati Dealer Sandwich - Hot Sausage mixed with english cucumbers and fresh ingredients.  It doesn't get any better.  

This sandwich reminded me of the food down in Austin, TX.  The ingredients were top choice, fresh, and the flavors were well balance leaving me wanting more.  This shouldn't be placed in the same bucket and a basic hoagie and sandwich shop.  Matt & Marie's offers gourmet signature sandwiches that excite your taste buds.

Pair all of this with a Mexican Coca-Cola made with Sugar Cane and you'll have self an excellent lunch!
My favorite place to come for breakfast, lunch or light dinner. Awesome place, delicious sandwiches and terrific staff! Love it here!
Lunch was so good here that I came back for dinner on the same day. It was the Verdura Double sandwich (Broccoli Rabe, goat cheese, garlic...) that made me wonder, "are all their sandwiches this terrific?" The answer to that question appears to be yes, judging by the Turkey and Cranberry Sauce sandwich I enjoyed later that evening. Marie, the owner, was kind enough to serve me this sandwich warmed up in the oven. She was as enthusiastic about making food as I was about eating her food. Thanks Marie for keeping me well-fed that day. And to the rest of you out there -- after enjoying a great lunch here, don't be too shy to come back for dinner.
So went to Matt and Marie's for the first time today at a recommendation by a friend. Totally worth the time and parking cost. I was torn between the Nana's Tuna sandwich and the Peita Pastrami. Ended up going with the Peita Pastrami and didn't regret it. Potentially the best pastrami sandwich I've ever had. Sat down and ate it in house on the large table. Friendly staff. Also got the Capri sandwich for my wife.  If you're in the area and need something quickly, this is the place to go.
I learned about Matt & Maries from a Tweet sent out by the Wharton School on Twitter. I was driving near 18th and Arch yesterday with my 15 year old daughter.  I asked her to run in to get us take out from Matt & Maries. She informed me upon re-entering the car, "I got you the Italian Stallion". 

Many years ago, as a college student I lived in Boston's North End (Italian section of Boston). I am spoiled by outstanding pizza and Italian sandwiches. Matt & Marie's sandwich gets a solid five enthusiastic stars from me. It was that good. 

I cannot comment on the ambiance of the store or anything else because I waited in the car (in a loading zone) while my daughter ran in. 

Bottom line: The sandwich was terrific. I will undoubtedly find a reason to detour through the Logan Circle area whenever I am in Philadelphia. It was worth it.
Had these guys cater a golf event which went perfectly smoothly. The sandwiches were awesome holy moly! The Capri was cleaned out.
Matt & Marie's is a great new lunch option in Center City.  The sandwiches are great, the staff is friendly and the store is clean and bright.  I would agree with a prior reviewer that the explanation of each ingredient as the sandwich is being made is a little over the top. However the thoughtful combinations, fresh ingredients and yummy bread are worth whatever explanation they want to give. 

I tried the Uncle Guy's Turkey (highly recommend) and my husband had the Italian Stallion. We were both very happy with our choices.  The sandwiches are deceivingly filling and absolutely worth the $8.50 price tag.  

Can't wait to make it back to try some of the other offerings.
Excellent food, clean dining area, and great customer service. Had a really nice simple dinner with my family. Matt helped make sure each of my four kids was happy! Very fast service too!
Great Italian bistro feel to this gem of a sandwich shop. Marie is a wonderful host with helpful hints as you peruse a tantalizing menu of favors she can put on a roll. A great place for lunch!
Awesome lunch option for Center City.  I've had a few of their sandwiches at this point and they're simply amazing.  Pick any of their sandwiches made from their great cuts of meat, fresh veggies, fantastic bread, and delicious cheeses and you won't go wrong...also, some great vegetarian options (I'm not one, but have tried one of their vegetarian sandwiches and it was the first time I've ever had a sandwich without meat and not thought something was missing).  Great ambiance and helpful staff, a definite new regular stop for workday lunches.
If I want a cheap sandwich, I go to Wawa just down the street.  If I want a great sandwich where I don't have to worry about where the ingredients came from and where they've been sitting for how long, I go to Matt & Marie's.  Been there 3 times in 7 days.  Had 3 different sandwiches. All were fantastic!
Let me be the FIRST person to write a review about this wonderful new establishment. Delicious, creative, fresh sandwiches at a moderate price of $8.50 & 2 wonderful breakfast specials too for $4 each!  Where can you get that??  In the heart of Philly's financial district lies Matt & Marie's modern Italian sandwich shop. A wonderful new business & a great eatery. Big enough to bring all your friends &/ or family, yet small enough to be intimate. A great place for all the local business people to eat & they have catering available too!
Awesome sandwiches and always quick. The food quality is exceptional and the flavor is delicious. The neighborhood is great and needed this place. Love it!
Amazing sandwiches that fill you perfectly for lunch! Vegetarian friendly too! And Marie is always friendly and great!
I brought my team here for lunch today and everybody loved it! I got the turkey sandwich that was SO great.  The perfect ratio of meat to bread (I like meat!).  My team members are raving about the Italian Stallion and the Prosciutto sandwich.  Everybody was impressed by the home made, high quality meats and toppings.
My coworkers and I stopped in for a quick lunch. I got the weekly special which was the Rosa; fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, housemade roasted peppers, and balsamic vinegar on fresh bread. I loved it. We all enjoyed our meals. I am planning to return to try some of their other sandwiches.
We stumbled across this place using Yelp and were more than satisfied with our choice. These sandwiches are the best we have ever had! The turkey sandwich creation was one of the best mixes of flavors in each and every bite! I highly recommend!
The ingredients are so fresh! As a vegetarian, I love the capri. The other vegetarian sandwich, the verdura, is delicious but I'm personally not a big fan of smoky tastes.  Most of all, I love the little stuffed shooters you can buy on the side.  It is a pepper stuffed with herbed goat cheese...so tart and amazing.   I'm excited to see how this place progresses.  I hope they add a vegan option.
If you love a good sandwich then you will not be disappointed with this place. They're all about the proper rolls and fresh ingredients. The unique Ducati Dealer keeps me coming back. The owners are extremely friendly and you can tell they have a real passion for it.
Amazing breakfast sandwiches and a great option for vegetarians! I go there as often as I can, and can't wait to hit it up again soonb:)
I had the pleasure of eating at Matt & Marie's last Wednesday while visiting Philly.  I go to Philly a good amount from NYC and always looking for a good lunch spot.  The place right away gives you an upscale sandwich shop feel. Super clean and crisp looking.  The staff was super friendly and inviting as you walk through the door.  They walked me through the options and I decided to go with the Uncle Guys' Turkey sandwich.  I love the personal touch they give you as they make your sandwich to tell you about the ingredients in the sandwich.  The price seems perfectly reasonable for such a high quality sandwich.
I sat down at the communal table and inhaled my lunch.  I couldn't eat it fast enough, it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had, I also bought some dark chocolate milano's that they sell at the cashier counter! A nice touch if you ask me!
If I worked in the area I would see myself having lunch there most days.  Such a nice change from the usual sandwich shops.  The high quality of ingredients really makes a huge difference.
I highly recommend everyone in the area to stop by and order up some deliciousness!
This new spot is definitely worth checking out. The sandwiches were awesome and had great flavors. I saw some reviews that the sandwiches were over priced, but it's not fair to compare them to Wawa or other quick grab and go options. The ingredients were fresh and more in line with a Di Bruno offering than a convenience option. The shop is modern and clean, and the staff is friendly. I think I spoke to one of the owners and he was very warm and welcoming.
Walked passed this location so many times that I had to stop in and try it. Cute little shop. Few indoor tables but I took it to go. Not a huge menu but I'm sure they would make a custom sandwich if asked. They made my sandwich right in front of me and they were so fast which is always nice. 

I ordered Uncle G turkey. It was turkey with pancetta and a garlic aioli. The aioli tasted more like mayo and I wasn't the biggest fan. I may go back and try a different sandwich. But I'd rather try a new place.
This place is in my building and my first experience was pre interview with my now job on the 6th floor.

They have illy coffee which is basically a win in my book.

While enjoying my java I noticed a few of the sandwiches listed on the menu came sans meat so I decided I would venture back down this way.

Fast forward 3 weeks I'm in my new digs and was craving something between a roll . I wandered downstairs to see what if anything they had good and opted for one of the veggie sands without the tomatoes. The roll stood up nicely and have a sturdy base for the pretty decent size slices mozzarella, on the bread there was a delicious house made pesto and some roasted peppers.
It was a very well made sandwich and I would probably order it again 

The reason for. 4 stars instead 5. The price point . In my mind a veggie sandwich should not be the exact same price as one with meats. I think if they knocked a dollar off if make Matt and Marie's a weekly venture I just can justify spending 9.14 weekly on cheese pesto , peppers and bread .
I recently purchased a gilt deal for a lunch combos at Matt and Marie's so ill def be back .
Apparently they have breakfast now some sort or savory bread pudding and a coffee for 4 bucks. This might be worth checking out .
Where do I begin?

This awesome place is tucked away in the shadows of the Comcast building, and such a pleasant find. Their operations are seamless and amongst the most efficient I've seen in the area! You are ordered and eating in NO TIME.

The sandwiches are HUGE and they are absolutely the biggest steal because you won't be paying the same price anywhere else in the area to get as much food. Perfect lunch spot during a work day. I believe you can build your own sandwiches but I highly recommend choosing from their unique creations.

Will be back!
While I was an intern for US Foods last year, I was very fortunate to try food from some of the restaurants that were either thriving already or were about to open. I visited Matt & Marie's shortly before the restaurant opened, and the owners let me try a sandwich for free. I tried one of their signature sandwiches - The Capri. It was SO delicious! I'm vegetarian, so it's hard to find signature sandwiches that serve vegetarians. But this was perfect.

The owners were super sweet, and it was a plus that they let me try the sandwich on the house. I'll never forget it!
3.5 stars.

*** My review is for their breakfast, which is NOT what this place is known for.  (Their lunch sandwiches are popular.) ***

I came here around 7:30am while they were in the middle of setting things up.  There was no orange juice available and I received the last Mix Max (small packaged Italian sponge cake) from the Yelp check-in offer.  

I had their Eggs 'Al Forno' with sausage, which is a fried quiche ball for $2.25.  It's oily and small (muffin size) but surprisingly very filling.  Not too bad.

Staff were friendly.  The girl at the register never heard of the Yelp check-in offer before and found it amusing (but honored it without any problems).

Plenty of seating for breakfast.  Barely anyone stopped by.  I was there at 7:30am on a weekday.  Definitely worth coming back for lunch (based on the other reviews).
The hype is real when it comes to the Italian Stallion. It's a delicious Italian hoagie, probably the best in Center City. I've also eaten the meatball parm sandwich. Although tasty, It's not memorable and I can get better ones elsewhere in Center city. 

It's best to avoid the crowd and order ahead. My order has always been waiting for me ahead of estimates.  The Italian Stallion will keep Matt & Marie's a regular part of my lunch rotation.
My friend and I stopped in today on a day trip to Philly.  We were greeted by a very friendly staff and we both ordered the special today which was a meatball sub.  It was amazing we could tell everything was made fresh and the potato salad was delicious as well.  Highly recommend to anyone looking for friendly quick affordable and delicious food
Their menu is great- no way to compare to them to hoagies from a convenience store. $9 is a bargain for quality ingredients, plus fast, custom service. Fresh bread, veggie and meat options, plus wonderful staff- recommend to anyone.
I love a good Italian sandwich so when I read the article on Philly.com I knew this was a place I wanted to try. I walk past it on my way to work and today was the day. 

I walked in to find a modern style deli counter with large paper rolls hanging on the wall with the menu written out. The menu was simple with about 8 sandwiches on it. The Capri caught my eye first since I love fresh mozzarella but after looking at all the choices I went with the Italian Stallion. All fresh Italian meats and cheeses including salami, coppa and sharp provolone served on a seeded Italian roll. The pepperoncini aioli was excellent with the right amount of spice.  It was the right balance of meat, cheese and bread. I will definitely be back to try the Capri and the Uncle G...roasted turkey with crispy pancetta? Yes, please!!
Just went there for a lunch date with my boyfriend and we both left very satisfied.  I got the falafel italiano and he got the italian stallion and the chicken noodle soup.  They offered sharp provolone in the soup, which was genius and delicious!  The owner was very friendly when she rang us up and she even took the time to walk around the eating area to see if everyone was enjoying their food.  

I would definitely recommend and I will be going back!
This place has decent sandwiches but doesn't quite live up to its own hype. 

I've had two of their sandwiches:  (1) the Italian Stallion, which is similar to an Italian hoagie except instead of lettuce tomato and onions they give you a house made pepper relish. I was looking forward to the relish but I found it really didn't add much to the sandwich and I was missing the freshness of lettuce and tomatoes. The seeded roll was very good though.  (2) the Uncle Guys turkey sandwich is like a turkey club except pancetta instead of bacon an arugula instead of lettuce. I thought this one was better than the Italian.

A couple things I don't like about this place. One is that there seems to be no option to vary the sandwich ingredients. The other is the way they "narrate" the building of the sandwich as you wait for it, which I think is unnecessary and a bit pretentious.

The sandwiches here are not cheap so keep in mind that you will be paying $9 for just your sandwich which is a little pricey.   Overall, I wasn't blown away by Matt and Marie's, but if you work in the neighborhood it would be a decent option for a take out sandwich.
Picked up an order for four today at 1pm. Service was prompt and despite a few changes/additions to our sandwiches, our orders were made correctly. Always a tiny victory.

Prices have changed since they first opened. Aaliyah P, veggie sandwiches are now $1-$1.50 than meats. Good stuff! I enjoyed the Roman Calvary for $8.10. Doubly soft + chewy bread and a fine amount of meat + cheese + arugula. Frankly, I appreciate the fact that these sandwiches aren't overstuffed. They go down easy and don't leave you feeling like you inhaled an entire pig afterwards. 

It's a lovely walk from my office at Broad and Chestnut. I'll be back for sure.
BEST meatball sub in Philly. This place doesn't feel like fast food like many of the Rittenhouse lunch spots due. Their old Rittenhouse location was a little bit quieter, but still a nice spot that's not too packed. Best sandwich bread in the city and high quality Italian ingredients in everything they make. Fast service too, and they serve breakfast and have veggie options. Put a smile on my face today!
Awesome sandwiches served quick and friendly.   Great fresh bread and ingredients.   Italian Stallion is my favorite
Matt and Marie's is a great place to grab a bite to eat.  The first time I visited, I wasn't in the mood for a sandwich and ordered the Tuscan Bruschetta Salad. The salad was delicious and  big enough to serve as two meals.  The second time I visited, I ordered the Pieta Pastrami Sandwich, and I was happy to find that it was equally delicious.  I highly recommend Matt and Marie's to anyone looking for a good sandwich and salad.
Da Food - The menu is flush with many Italian combos.  The Ducati had my eye until I saw the Capri.  Fresh Mozzarella, spicy pesto spread, basil on a fresh roll.  4 stars out of 5.

Environment - I was in sort of a rush and with some work folks so I could not get to take in the environment but just from what I noticed that even though it was busy, the space in the eating area was decent.  The wood tables are big enough for 2-3.  They do have larger tables for groups.  Not too bad.  Typical Italian music playing in the background.  Staff was friendly.  3 stars out of 5.

Price - For a center city spot, not too bad.  I'd say middle of the road.  4 stars out of 5.

Original Avg rating - 4 out of 5.

-- Didn't get a chance to check out the bathrooms.

I saw they serve coffee and I am not sure what else.  I definitely need to explore this place more.

***EDIT to original review***

Adding in Staff...

Staff - I came back here a day later and took in more of the place.  I'll say this.  I am lowering by 1 star rating because yesterday I noticed that the people putting the sandwiches together were "somewhat" light on the amounts.  Today I noticed some of the sandwich makers being lazy.  One guy next to me got the Capri and the guy put 1 piece of basil on it with two pieces of half sliced tomato.  Pretty chincy considering the Capri's main ingredients are tomato and basil.  For my sandwich today I got the Roast Turkey special.  The amounts were fine but the organization of the sandwich was all over the place.  One half was all turkey and the other half was all onions and cheese.  Maybe they are having a bad day... IDK.  But seems pretty lazy to not spread the ingredients around.  2 stars out of 5.

New Avg rating 3 out of 5.
This place is the worst. Bread is stale. Menu items unimaginative and they can't even do standard deli food.

Service is incompetent. The staff are like deer in headlights; as though it was everyone's very first day. No thought of acknowledging people as they enter, helping with orders, offering beverages. They can't even ring up orders properly. The owners appear to never have run a business before. The entire experience is poor and awkward. You will walk away feeling worse for the rest of your day.

Interior is confused and corporate at the same time. It's like the owners tried to make a corporate catering joint and failed.

On the bright side, prices are cheap. But for that price, walk down the street to the many excellent food trucks, or find a real sandwich place at DiBruno's or the hundreds of other acceptable sandwich sports within a few blocks.

I really want to support independent businesses. But with terrible products and corporate cookie-cutter service and experience, what's the point?
第一次来费城，看到评价很高就来了，结果。。。。发自内心的说一句，特别特别不适合中国人的口味，千万别来吃啊！！！！面包硬的挑战你的口腔，各种奇怪的意式酱真的。。。总之，同行的朋友都没怎么吃！不过估计外国人特别享受吧，他们应该很喜欢！
After two trips, I see what people mean about inconsistent sandwiches/ratios. I've had an American which was pretty good, and the Uncle G's turkey which was just okay. These are just okay sandwiches on great bread at a premium price.

It seems like the way they cut the bread is a bit inconsistent depending on who you get, which I think is the reason behind the variance in the filling/bread ratios. 

Avoid the falafel at all costs - a friend got that one and it was absolutely soaked in oil and dripping oil everywhere. That can't be normal.

Almost three stars because the bread is great, but you can't have that much inconsistency if you're selling ten dollar sandwiches.
Came here with a friend for a quick lunch because the photos looked too good to pass up! I had the capri with added chicken and my friend had the roman cavalry - both great but nothing super special. I think its the fresh homemade mozzarella that really makes it, so don't miss out on that! Next time I plan on trying the waldorf!
Matt and Marie's is a great spot to grab some quick lunch, but there's nothing amazing here.
Tuscan Sausage Salad was okay. Pretty tasty and easy salad.
We also had a sandwich, but I already forget what it was.
Pretty standard sandwich and salad place. Pretty underwhelming.
Cute restaurant to sit and each lunch with someone though.
I will consistently give Matt & Marie's five stars, but that is with a caveat. Under no circumstance get the sandwich or salad with the chickpea patty. You're thinking falafel right, as any respectable person would? WRONG. This is an unseasoned, dry, tastes between cardboard and air, just terrible thing. I'm not sure what they were trying to do here, but they need to fix it. 

On a more positive note, the tuna has a fantastic twist (with balsamic!) and their turkey is on point.
As a Philly native, I can be picky about my sandwiches, from the bread to the all to the meat. So, when I saw Matt & Marie's come up on my Yelp app, I was prepared for the worst. And the worst does exist! 

First, they have a nice check-in deal. Second, you can order for pick-up. Lastly, the sandwiches are tasty. I was definitely impressed. For a place that offers a quick lunch grab the sandwiches are great. I tried the sliced roast beef with provolone and I devoured it. 

The big pro for this place is that it super convenient! Matt & Marie's also offer breakfast and I look forward to trying out that menu.
this place is clean, brand new, everyone is friendly, the food looks/tastes FRESH, and they are fast which is great for the lunch rush. 

they have a few signature sandwiches and while i wish there was a little bit more variety - it looks like they do a few things, but they do them very well. 

i ordered the vedura sandwich and omitted the goat cheese and substituted tomato slices.  the sandwich was great but i have to be honest the 9$ price tag for 3 ingredients hurt a little bit. i would say if you're not a vegan person, or if you are vegan but you're not attached to your $9 - this would be the place for you.
Overrated and over priced. I had the uncle-turkey sandwich and the bread was good but unremarkable in every other sense and it was $9. Do yourself a favor and go to wawa instead.
I went because I had a discount voucher (thank you, Gilt). Otherwise, i can't see that it's worth the trip. I tried to eat here once before with a co-worker, but she wanted a salad so we had to leave. I think a few more options would be a great idea - especially if you're catering to the lunch hours folks. Take a sandwich and be flexible enough to convert it into a small salad, for pete's sake. Also, my voucher entitled me to a side salad. There really weren't any of these in the fridge except for mozzarella and tomatoes, which were already in my sandwich. I opted for a tired-looking fruit salad. Note: bananas turn when they're cut so don't put them in a fruit salad that's going to be sitting around. Sandwich was good but there's so much competition around, I don't know why I'd bother going back.
The sandwich was good, not bad not great.  My main problem here is the price, with tax I paid $9+ for a very small sandwich.  I like to support new independent places, unfortunately with the location and prices this place is going to be a hard sell for people.
Solid sandwich, very friendly service, nice setting.

I came here while visiting Philadelphia. I had the chicken picatta sandwich, and I enjoyed it. The bread is fantastic, although I wouldn't have minded it being toasted a bit. The chicken was well done, and I really liked the yogurt sauce. Speaking of which, while ordering, one of the employees (manager?) asked if I had tried it before and suggested I have a little sample of the yogurt sauce before ordering. I did and enjoyed it, so stuck with my order. Despite liking my sandwich, I acknowledge that I may have liked it even more had I gone for one of the other, not - so - light options. Another time.
Great lunch spot in the heart of center city. If you're looking for a quick and fairly priced sandwich, then definitely check out Matt & Marie's! Also, if you have a SEPTA Pass you get a discount!
I am happy to see that another independently owned business has popped up in the neighborhood.  This married couple brings an inventive option to the Comcast-set and to Logan circle!  Thank goodness as it is nice to have an option that is not underneath the comcast tower and that is not a 7-11 or an Au Ban Pain.  The few times that I have been here the food has been delicious and the staff has been accommodating and friendly! I hope that this business is successful and will continue to frequent it when I have the opportunity.
Probably one of the best sandwiches in the city! Got the Uncle Guy's turkey and cannot wait to try others on the menu! Love everything about this place!
Today I tried the Italian Stallion and the Uncle Gaetano.  Both were outstanding!!!   The Gaetano had a great balance of roasted turkey, pancetta, and garlic aioli.  The Italian Stallion is my favorite and is a must.  They had a perfect blend of fennel and genoa salami, topped with provolone cheese and pickled peppers, garnished with pepperoncini aioli.   The delicious taste truly reflects their care and high quality!
Excellent!!!
At least one of the sandwiches on their menu will end up as one of your favorite all-time sandwiches.  They are worth traveling for from out of town to eat.
My wife picked up these sandwiches for us to eat twice, the quality is above any sandwich place I have been too outside of Center City.  The flavor profile also seems to have been well thought out, which is something I have never seen a lunch sandwich place even worry about.  Amazing.
Well balanced sandwiches with good, fresh bread.  I'd warn that the bread can be noticeably harder if you get a sandwich later in the day (which speaks to the freshness of the bread).

Falafel Italiano: chickpea patty, garlic aioli, tomato, arugula, olive oil, balsamic vinegar (I think mine had a little mayo on it as well).  While the sandwich might not look like much, the flavors go so well together.  Whatever they put into the chickpea patty, which is house made, is really terrific.  This might have been my favorite of all of the sandwiches that I tried.

Italian Stallion: Fennel salami, genoa salami, sweet coppa, sharp provolone, pickled peppers & onions, pepperoncini aioli.  Really good meat.  I don't usually like Italian hoagies because they are too salty and most of the meat doesn't really taste different from one another.  This was a really great sandwich.

Testarossa: roast pork, pancetta, sharp provolone, roasted long hots, pepperoncini aioli.  This was also very good, prehaps not as good as my favorite roast pork sandwich, but that's not really something that I would have expected here.  Definitely a great sandwich.

Capri: mozzarella, red pepper pesto, tomato, basil, balsamic vinegar.  This might have been my least favorite, which was surprising, because I love caprese salad.  It needed something to it, or maybe it's not the kind of bread that I would want with this kind of sandwich.
Great sandwich but like the others mentioned, $9 isn't really worth it

especially with wawa 2 minutes away (at half the price)

they do have illy coffee,  which is delicious if i want to grab a coffee in the am. 

plus i got a bit of a fancy pants attitude from marie. you're fine.
Ok, listen up Philadelphia. I made an account JUST to write a review on this fine establishment.  Never, in my life, have I had such a delicious sandwich with such fresh ingredients.  It's literally heaven on a seeded role.  The whole experience was better than I could have imagined.  From the workers, to the service, to the fabulous selection of beverages and sandwiches.  My only complaint was that the sandwich had to end.  I am so excited to go to bed tonight because I will only have dreams of my experience today.  I recommended this to everyone.  Matt & Maries is more than just a sandwich place, it is MECCA.  I hope one day I have the pleasure of meeting Matt and Marie so I can give them a hug and thank them for the sandwich they provided me and my friends with today.  Wow, just wow.
I've been back a couple times... food is outstanding and service is great! Overall a very satisfying experience. Would highly recommend.
I never thought I'd rate a sandwich shop five stars but this place is excellent. I've worked around the block for over a year and just discovered this place this week. I went back again in the same week it was that good. Fresh, delicious, well made sandwiches. Highly recommended.
Pros: The food is very tasty. I like the sandwiches offered, I'm sure they are all delicious. I don't mind paying a premium price for a nice offering and I'm happy I went. The uncle turkey whatever (play on turkey club) was awesome and I devoured it at my desk. 

Cons: 1. I don't need an education on what goes into a sandwich, I really don't care. It's unnecessary and awkward. I appreciate its fresh or chemical free, and what the purpose of each ingredient is, but it's just really weird to discuss with every customer. I trust that you know how to make a decent sandwich, you don't need to convince me further. 
2. Have some more options, like salads and combos or deals and list information for what you do have. I would have gotten sides, but they asked me at the register when I was ready to pay. Idk what you have, how much they are, how much I get etc.  People like to know what all the options are before they are ready to leave,  aka a menu. List everything you sell on the board. It's not that difficult. I didn't want to get something tiny and get charged like $5 for it, which I figured could easily happen. (Looking at you Devon and Blakely)

To the business owners: You have a great location, cute shop, and good food. The hard parts are accomplished, but you need to finish the idea. Add salads, some sort of combo deal and drop the sandwich education.
Delicious, fresh, and friendly! I came in with my two children and Marie, one of the owners, couldn't have been nicer or more accommodating to catering to their no-onions, no-peppers, no-aioli etc... requests. As for me, the Italian Stallion was perfect as-is! Clean and bright inside. We will definitely return!
Food is eh. Service is even worse. My order has been wrong about 60% of the time during lunchtime. 

I reluctantly went back to get a breakfast sandwich and give this place another try. No. Flavor. Whatsoever. Cheese wasn't melted. Eggs were disgusting. 

This place started off amazing. Has gone down in the last year. Very sorry to share that because it was promising in the beginning.
Was in the city for a business meeting and needed a quick/tasty lunch. My expectations were met and exceed when I got the Uncle Gaetano's. Great sandwich and the bread was super fresh. Place was busy, line moved quickly but not overly crowded and everything was clean (which I am huge fan of and not something you see all the time). Definitely going back again to try some of the other sandwiches.
Tried this place for the first time tonight and it was great! I had the Chicken Waldorf sandwich - so yummy! Korey let me and my friend in just as they were closing up and we couldn't have been more grateful (especially after we had just worked all weekend at the hospital). He rocks!!! A new go to spot for a delicious, quick lunch or an easy dinner.
Stopped by for the breakfast Eggs Al Forno and Illy's coffee. Delicious! Came back lunchtime and had the Pieta Pastrami and Italian Stallion. Amazing! Will definitely be back to try the other signature sandwiches. Matt and Marie and the staff are friendly, informative, quick and invite you in to their place as if you are family! What a wonderful alternative to the usual options. Welcome to Philadelphia and Best of Luck!
For how much I didn't like the Roman Cavalry. the Pieta Pastrami I had today was amazing, the house made pickles and onions offered a nice balance. 2/3 isn't bad and I bought their Groupon so I will definitely be back for many more.
Matt & Marie's definitely saved me this morning with their Illy coffee and hefty breakfast sandwich. I didn't see the itemized pricing, but together these items came up to under $6. 

I got an egg, sausage, and cheese sandwich which was pretty tasty and lasted me until dinner. The bread (Italian) was very fresh, with a nice crispy sesame crust. There was definitely a generous amount of filling - a bit heavy on the scrambled eggs. It didn't seem they pre-added salt in the egg, so I would definitely recommend adding some separately, or perhaps some hot sauce, if they have any (sorry, forgot to ask - that's what happens to me on Monday mornings). The amount of sausage was a bit sparse compared to the amount of egg, but it had a very strong flavor, so that was fine. However, I felt the ingredients were not evenly spaced out through the sandwich, so I had a couple bites of egg sandwich or egg & cheese sandwich before the sausage, egg & cheese portion. 

At any rate, this place is a super convenient stop for me (only a block away!) and the service is very good. (I met Marie, one of the owners, and she is very friendly.) They also have some interesting-looking breakfast pastries that I'd like to try and some tasty-looking sandwiches. I'm definitely stopping back here again.
Meatball sub was very good. The mozzarella and arugula sandwich was just ok. Cheese was a little to mushy for my liking but I am picky about my mozzarella. It was a convenient place to pick up sandwiches for my family staying at a nearby hotel. On the pricier side but that's what you get when you're downtown with limited options for grabbing a quick lunch.
An excellent lunch sandwich/salad place next door to City Tap House. Innovative sandwiches served on soft but chewy seeded rolls with excellent condiments and lots of flexibility. Quick, easy, and very reasonably priced. I will definitely be back!
I've been looking for a good sandwich for quite some time. I'm so glad I stumbled upon Matt & Marie's. Best sandwich I've ever had!! yummz
This place is on the pricier side for sandwiches. I got the Italian Stallion for (~$9). It is high quality meat but I wasn't a fan of the sesame seeds on top of the bread. They put sauce on it but it was still pretty hard to chew and just dry.The cheese is good quality but shredded just fyi. I think potbelly's is a better and cheaper option. However if you want high quality meat then this is the place for you.
Great place to grab a quick sandwich for lunch.  Their brown bag special is probably the best deal for a lunch I've seen in Philly.  You get their American-Italian hoagie, pasta salad and a can of coke for $7+tax.  The hoagie might be the cheapest they offer but its a big step above anything you'd see at WaWa.  Delicious meets sitting in a nice seeded long roll that'll soak up any amount of oil/mayo you want to throw on it.  I was also expecting the pasta salad to be a tiny salad dressing cup's worth but they give you a lot!  I have also tried the Italian Stallion and the Brisket.  The Italian Stallion is a more intense version of the American-Italian.  The brisket was a little disappointing but I can't expect everything to be perfect.  M&M is worth a trip if you work nearby or just want to grab a great hoagie on the cheap.
I came here on a friend's hour long lunch break and was very pleasantly surprised how delicious (and healthy) their food was given their efficiency. Matt & Marie's also offers a generous amount of choices, with the options to create your own sandwich and salads. Matt & Marie takes fast food to greater heights, and is a good place for anyone who's trying to eat healthier on the go. Hands down: the place to go for Italian sandwiches!

It was pretty quiet when we went during lunch time. I had the Waldorf Chicken while my friend had a her usual salad. I had a hard time deciding what to order because of the amount of choices! A lot of the signature sandwich combinations were extremely enticing and well put together -- my Waldorf Chicken had just the right amount of sweetness that I don't usually have in sandwiches. The portion sizes are large enough that you can always pack home food, and is definitely worth the money given the generosity of food content per sandwich. Needless to say, i thoroughly enjoyed my visit and will definitely be coming back soon.
What a nice, clean, comfortable place!  Love the tables, even one big one if you have 8 or more in your party.  The sandwiches had ample meat, and tasty additions, like the roasted, pickled peppers (try them!).  
I'm betting the man who served us was Matt ... very pleasant.
So this place is in my office building, and I have to say that it is hit or miss. Yesterday I got the American Value Hoagie, and I was quite impressed for $6.25. The sandwich was large enough that I only ate half and have the other half for today's lunch. It was packed with ham, salami, capicola, lettuce, tomato, and onion. It was very tasty. 

The miss, however, is my coworker's meatball sandwich for $8.50. This is a this-week-only special, featuring housemade meatballs and sauce and mild provolone cheese on a roll. The problem with this sandwich is that the meatballs were tiny, more like Swedish meatball size, and the roll was enormous. He said the meatballs were, "small, dry, and flavorless," and the sauce was "mediocre." He says, "These balls were not touched by the hands of anyone who knows Italian cuisine." The roll, however, was good. 

Previously, I had tried to get their hot roast beef sandwich while it was a special (before it was added to the regular menu), but they were already out of it at 12:30. The week before Thanksgiving, I got their Thanksgiving hoagie, with turkey, housemade sausage stuffing, and cranberries, which was very tasty. The issue with that, however, was that they seemed flummoxed by my request to have mayo on the roll as well, and it took a good 5 minutes to make. The place was empty, so it shouldn't have taken that long. 

Overall, this place is ok. They definitely need to work on their consistency, because when they are good, they're really good, but when they're bad, it's really bad. I would suggest focusing on making a product that is good every single time before expanding to other locations. There aren't many places for lunch if you work in Logan Square, so they could make a killing if they just concentrate.
Stopped in today for lunch when I was in town for work. I had the Uncle Gaetano's sandwich and it was absolutely delicious - get it toasted. The service was friendly, helpful, and quick. And I loved the playlist! Fun tunes and a good atmosphere. The other items on the menu looked good as well. Plenty of seating as well.
How do you tell a friend that you aren't sure if it's the best idea for you to review her husband's restaurant?  I mean, if it's a deli and you've never been one to eat cold cuts, maybe your review would be unfairly lacking in enthusiasm.  I was afraid of finding myself in the awkward position of declining to review Matt & Marie's for this reason.  The fact that you are reading this right now is proof that I was in for a surprise!

I figured my best bet was the Ducati Dealer, because of my love for Italian sausage.  I wasn't really sold on their creative fixings, but I failed to take notice of their "Build Your Own" forms before placing my order.  I admit that this was a fortunate oversight! Had I designed my own, I would have surely created something I would have been happy with, but I would have missed out on a unique combination that I never would have conceived on my own.  The Ducati Dealer was full of delicious contrast! Hot sausage, cool and crisp pickled veggies, sweet and spicy flavors harmoniously dancing on my tongue!  It was truly unique and completely unexpected!  Although Matt and Marie's is not particularly close to my home, the longing to re-experience that complex flavor combination will keep me coming back.
Our first experience with Matt & Marie's was for catering.  The communication was excellent and the serving sizes were great, but the sandwiches were lacking in substance.  It was really a shame, because they were great, but it was way too much bread.  The salads and stuffed peppers were wonderful as well, and they really put it together nicely.  We're going to give them another shot for some individual lunches, but for now it's only three stars.
The best sandwiches in the city. The staff and owner are always so nice when I walk in. The Game changer is a must try
I'm not sure what about this place could be "award winning"? I wish I would have taken a picture of the Italian Stallion sandwich I ordered - it actually compelled me to write this review (never before have I been so inspired).  It literally could have come from a Subway. I'm giving this two stars because the roll was good and flavor was decent.  But charging $9 for a "hoagie" with literally 3 pieces of meat on it is obscene. Much better options in this city.  Unfortunate.
This is a review update - but very strange that it appears my old review was removed. I'm happy to write a new review, but disappointed to see that the original one was taken down without any notice.

Anyhow -

When I first wrote about Matt & Marie's, I gave them 3 stars. At the time, there were only a few signature sandwiches available. I had found the bread to meat/toppings ratio to be too high, and the price point was pretty steep for a sandwich. ($9-$10 after tax.)

Since then, I've had a few more sandwiches in my belly, and have been tempted to try their salads and soups. The new menu items offer good variety and can be ordered as a combo for a more reasonable price point for a Center City lunch. (Think options under $8.)

Flavors are good, and the bread is really enjoyable. It makes the sandwich.

Location is very clean, and service is friendly.
Tip: Ask for your bread toasted.  It completely enhances the flavor and gives your sandwich the crispy texture you would actually get in Italy. 

The testarossa was delicious although quite spicy.  The turkey needed a bit more meat with the giant roll of bread, however the pancetta on it really satisfies the taste buds.  Great substitution if you're tired of your regular old hoagie.  I'm looking forward to trying the salads and pastas.
Still loving the sandwiches at Matt & Marie's but I may now have a different favorite.  Lately, I've been getting their Hot Roast Beef sandwich.  They toast the roll so it's nice and crispy.  The roast beef is cooked well and the mayo is baddd but oh so good.  I get mine without tomato and while I don't mind red onions, I find myself picking some big chunks out of the sandwich.  I shouldn't be eating the entire sandwich but it's just so tasty...
