Different City but my opinion remains the same. Food is for chocoholics. Fun when you're with tourists. Sometimes when you are with other people you have to go with the crowds. I was out voted. For the record our group was very pleased. Especially the child of one friend. The plates present beautiful in photos. I'm just not a fan of so much chocolate in the main course and then again for desert! Plus for your drink! 
It's a good place to try if you're a tourist or like I said, a CHOCOLATE FANATIC!
Get the bacon mac and cheese! Get the bacon mac and cheese! Get the bacon mac and cheese! Words can't describe how amazing the bacon mac and cheese was! It was a bit pricey, but I guess that's Philly for you.  My friend got the hot chocolate and desserts instead of a meal like the way I did. I thought their desserts were super sweet but it makes sense since it is a chocolate themed place. It's nice that they had other options besides chocolate things on their menu. 

Oh, by the way, did I mention that you should get the bacon mac and cheese!
I'm on the fence about here.  Granted,  it would have been maybe a little different if we weren't celebrating my nieces 4th birthday,  but hey,  she loves the hell out of chocolate. 

My mom and I got there just before the rest of the group.  We were told we'll be sat when the rest of the party arrives.  No problem, we'll just stare at all this chocolate.  My mom was thinking to get a small box of 4 pieces,  but for $6.50 for 4 pieces,  she didn't think it was worth it.  

Getting to the main part,  the tank of a 2yr got a kids pizza, and scarfed it down.  The 4yr princess got a dessert plate of some sort and the server brought out a piece of chocolate with a candle in it. Very cute and she loved it. 

I got the original hot chocolate.  Pretty good,  not the most amazing I've ever had, creamy,  chocolatey.. 

I got the chicken Caesar salad,  as well as my sister-in-law.  Mom got a pizza and my brother got a cheesesteak type sando. The salad is described as some southwest type with a dressing that has a kick. No southern notes came thru, and too lightly dressed.  The chicken itself was excellent,  but to try and cu
t up a chicken breast in a sloped bowl is impossible.  Super impossible. 

We got a "shared" fondue for dessert.  How one thinks a full sized crepe and a full sized waffle is shareable is beyond me.  Nothing made sense on the plate. If you had bite sized waffle? That would have been smarter.. flavor was great,  execution was off.

One big plus,  parking garage right next store.
This place is nothing more than a Friendly's for Big Kids - a chain with a contrived "funky vibe."   If you are over 30 you probably want to give this a pass as your taste buds won't appreciate the extreme sugar and your ears won't appreciate the nearly club level volume of music.  We rarely patronize chains but hoped since this one had such a snooty feel and an international presence it would be good, alas this was not so.

We both got waffle desserts - him the Apple Pie, me the Banana Split.  My slightly warm waffle tasted very stale -I guess they micro waved it for a few seconds to try to heat it up but the "warm" quickly dissipated after it reached my table and I was left with a dried out tough waffle, the edges were hard as a rock  - like when you microwave bread too long?  The tiny pitcher of melted chocolate served with it was not enough to moisten this beast so I spent a LOT of time trying to mush the small frozen solid ball of ice cream that topped it down into it to try to make it edible.  The banana was good but the milk chocolate chips were grotesquely sweet to both of us.

I tried the apples on hubbys (also past its sell-by date) waffle and they were just a little too undercooked and kind of sour.  The caramel sauce served with the apple waffle was so sweet it literally made me feel sick.  

We also ordered a Mexican Hot Chocolate because it sounded so good.  Ay caramba!  It wasn't.   Phrases like "way too sweet" and "a disturbing weird chemical pre-mix undertaste" and "too watery" leap to mind when recalling the drink.  We stopped after a sip.

I noticed a couple of tables near us where people had left and their desserts were mostly uneaten.    The service was dubious at best - our tall waitress spouted out the corporate speak but you could tell her heart wasn't in it and she never refilled our water though we badly needed water as we tried to gag our way through this too sweet, too dry mess. 

We used a Groupon and thankfully so, otherwise I would have been really upset at the money spent - so not worth it.    I LOVE chocolate but I seriously would have enjoyed a vanilla cone from my local custard stand a lot more then this place
Came with my sister for a sister date and it was a great choice that she made choosing this place. We were seated right away, and when we entered we were hit in the face with the smell of chocolate!! Yummy! 

Our server was attentive and made recommendations for items that we were unsure of. It was my first time there, but my sisters second time. We ended up sharing a pizza, and getting a cheeseburger and fries. And the dessert was a chocolate fondue with a bunch of sweets to deep in. 

We both had a chocolate liquor drink and it tasted so good. The wait on the food wasnt bad, and the service was good. 

I would deff go back sometime soon.
I had the opportunity to try Max Brenner's during Restaurant week. My party arrived at 4pm and they start serving dinner at 5pm so we got the three course lunch restaurant week deal for $20. In terms of this being a good place to visit during restaurant week, I wouldn't say so. There are so many other restaurants offering much richer and fuller menus for the same price. I also recommend that you come to Max's for the lunch time. The dinner menus offers only the addition of the Southwestern Caesar Salad plus an appetizer and the difference in items offered for the main course doesn't warrant the extra $15 in my opinion. 

Everyone at my table ordered something different and we shared plates so I got to experience the entire lunch menu. 
The Southwestern Caesar Salad was a disappointment. I found nothing 'Southwestern' about it, it was you typical Caesar Salad but with toasted and crumbled pita bread instead of croutons. This did add a unique texture but nothing to the flavor (this is why I mentioned above that the dinner menus really isn't worth just getting this extra salad). I definitely recommend getting the Dippers Dream for your appetizer. The pita chips were amazing! So full of flavor I almost didn't want to dip them. You could tell they were fresh made and warm. As a lover of Indian food, the roasted tomato spread was my favorite. It had cumin and mangos in it and was a unique twist on Salsa. The tzatziki sauce had a unique flavor I couldn't place until someone at my table mentioned it tasted like lemon pie, and they were right! It really did have too much citrus and combined with the texture of the pita chip I felt like I was eating a whipped lemon pie on graham cracker crust. Interesting but not combined with the other 2 dips. The hummus was well made, creamy but thick. I personally love it this way and find that not many people can get it exactly right. 
For my entree I had the Alfredo with added chicken (salmon was also an option to add on). My chicken wasn't really warm enough and other at my table complained that her pasta wasn't warm at all. The chicken was a little on the dry side and moderately seasoned. The pasta seemed a little hastily made, as though it didn't have time to fully soak in all the cheese and tomatoes. There were whole chucks of garlic that didn't combine with the flavor of the cheese and tomato's and really were the only source of flavor if you happened to find one. I can't help but think that the garlic needed to be roasted with the sauce a bit more. The classic cheeseburger tasted like a classic cheeseburger. You get a good sized patty and waffle fries with a signature sauce on the side (we decided the sauce was almost identical to Sheetz Boom Boom sauce, for reference). 
Desert was a giant Strawberry Hazelnut Crepe with chocolate sauce and Vanilla ice cream on the side. It was very very sweet and I think the layer of hazelnut spread would should have been thinner but the fresh strawberries layered inside nice broke up the flavor of the chocolate. The build your own ice cream really is just a deconstruction come brought to your table. The cones placed upside down in a bowl (not sure why, because it leads to the ice cream spilling out) and the a pinch of sprinkles, chocolate beads, and a spoonful of chocolate syrup n whipped cream in small bowls. The cone is completely full of ice cream so you get a huge portion of it. 
We also ordered the classic European Fondue. It was a fun addition to the meal but next time I wouldn't get it after three courses! Definitely something to be enjoyed alone as it's very rich and filling. You get a large assortment of fruits and sweets to dip so everyone's sure to find something they like. 
We came for a birthday so the server brought out a small candle and a piece of chocolate for the birthday person as well. A very cute small gesture 

Service here was amazing. Our server was very attentive without hovering. She was friendly and made sure everyone had drinks, the table was quickly cleared and food was placed in boxes for us while we continued to eat. 

Decor is supposed to resemble an upscale chocolate factory I suppose and there's lots of ingredients on display and open pipework carrying "chocolate" from one end of the place to another. They have a gift shop right as you walk in and you can explore while you wait for your table. There's always samples out as well. The chocolate is very well made but also priced appropriately so this isn't the place to stock up for late night cravings but perfect if you're looking for a gift. 

Overall it was a pleasant experience. I think it's perfect for bringing out of town guests or to celebrate an occasion, but for a dinner or even date night this place runs a bit more gimmicky over quality dinning.
I've been waiting for weeks for the Philadelphia outpost of Max Brenner to open, and I raced over today as soon as I was done at the office. I think my friend/dining partner was a little wary of the effusive praise I was heaping on this Willy Wonka-esque chocolate emporium, but by the time our meal was over, she was a convert. I started off with a strawberry mojito--hardly chocalatey but perfectly refreshing on a warm summer night. I wanted to skip right to dessert, but ended up ordering the bacon/chicken/cheddar rolls to start. I was unprepared for how ridiculously small they were, but what they lacked in size, they made up for in flavor. I'm definitely a fan. I bypassed my very favorite menu item--the chocolate peanut butter crepe with dulce de leche ice cream, caramel sauce and caramelized bananas--for something new. My brownie sundae extravaganza (not its real name, but something close to it) featured chocolate peanut butter ice cream, dulce de leche ice cream, chocolate pieces, brownie bits, whipped cream and hazelnut crunchies, with little bowls of chocolate sauce and peanut butter sauce on the side. It was fabulous--how could it not be with all that stuff?--but the crepe remains my favorite. The presentation on all the food and drinks is charming, and the service is friendly and attentive. This would be a great date place if not for the howling children that are sure to gather wherever desserts are plentiful (we had a screecher right by us tonight). My advice? Go late, when the wee ones are likely to be home in bed and no one will see your horribly distended belly as you waddle out of the restaurant into the darkness of night.
I'm not a dessert person, but I came with a group of friends and decided to go ahead and share with the actual dessert people.

Unfortunately, they were out of the desserts that we wanted. Kind of a bummer there. What they did suggest as a replacement was tasty enough - rich, dense chocolate cake (thank God for the raspberry sauce to lighten it up a bit) - but I got the impression that it wasn't really what my friends wanted. 

I've heard good things about their actual entrees so maybe I'll stop in again.
So here's how I judge a specialty place like this. 

This place is renowned for its chocolate. Therefore, if you're going to overcharge for it, it better be close to some of the best chocolate I've ever had. 

And quite honestly, although there was nothing bad about the chocolate here, I would take Ghiradelli over it. But that's just me. 

The dinner options reminded me of an upscale chain which is to say good but not special. I did like the spicy grilled chicken pizza and the 5 cheese macaroni very much. But I'm not going to say that they're doing anything special or gourmet here. 

The chocolate hazelnut milkshake, quite good. But I'd ignore one if a Nifty Fifty's or Franklin Fountain milkshake were next to it. 

Bottom line is that there is nothing wrong here and I can see why people like it. But it's a gimmicky place that is a little too overhyped.  

It would be 4 stars if it were 20% cheaper to eat here.
Alright...so let me preface this review. 

This was my first time here, with my girlfriend, who is a certified chocoholic, on Valentine's Day eve, Saturday night, arrived at midnight, an hour before closing. 

We had already had dinner and came here for dessert and a drink. There was still an hour until closing. We ordered the European Fondue for two and 2 chocolate martinis. The chocolate martinis are the best we've ever had and is worth it just for those. The fondue was meh. I like the option to roast the marshmallow which was a nice touch. Everything else was only okay.

The reason for the 2 star review was the staff. Actually just one staff, the bartender. Don't know her name. Dark hair, big attitude. You all know who she is if you work there. Now how would I know that? Because we watched server after server come up to you CLEARLY walking on egg shells. Scared. Scared to ask you for anything for their tables. Water, martini, napkin, smile. anything. You rolled your eyes as they came up saying, "[insert bartender name] if it wouldnt be too much trouble, when you get a chance, can you please get me xyz, I am so sorry to bother you." Yes, that happened over and over. We even witnessed her flip off one of the servers when he requested a pair of drinks for his table. In her defense, she did smile. He didn't smile back,

Having been in the service industry you have to understand the pecking order in a restaurant. Bartenders rule the roost bc they can make or break the drink order which raises the bill and keeps patrons happy. This chick def. made sure the servers knew it. Okay so fine, so she scares the rest of the staff, but the problem was she was rude to patrons.

Didn't greet anyone, didn't offer a menu, a refill, a basic acknowledgement of a life form across the bar needing service. Literally walking past several times while no one else was there and not making eye contact. Okay, we get it, you dont want to help us. We are picking up what you are throwing down, sister! Luckily there was another bartender who helped us out after he saw we were being ignored. He happily took our order and we were thankful telling him how scared we were of that bartender and how we felt bad for him that he had to work with her. He laughed as if, "dude, you have know idea." Then we asked if the manager was scared of her? And he said, I am the manager. So the answer is, yea, he is scared of her.

Then as we finished our drinks all the servers were gathering around discussing their valentines day tips and we started to look around at the decor. We saw the chocolate pipes flowing up in the ceiling into the vats where they poured liquid chocolate from. We said, "Oh that's cool: the chocolate pipes run up the ceiling." Ms. Personality ran over to the pipes and slid them up and down and screamed, "TOTALLY FAKE." Nice touch on hiring this one, Max Brenners. Way to stay classy.

Overall, an underwhelming hipster haven with mediocre dessert and awesome choco martinis.

A message to the bartender who thought she was queen of Max Brenner's -- I leave you with a quote from my generation: "You better chickity-check yo self before you wreck yo self. Cause b****s like you is bad for my health."
Came here for some dessert and to satisfy some chocolate cravings. It a different experience trying their churro-taco waffle. It's literally what the name is. It came with a chocolate sauce and fruit. The dish was pretty good. Although, the price was a little high. I think the dish was $14 without tax and tip. I have not seen a dessert like it before so koodos for the creativity. For all I know, the used better quality chocolate or ingredients for the churro.

I have had churros in Spain, not taco form, but their was a traditional churro in a cylinder shape form. I'm a simple guy so I preferred that style. The dish was overall good.

Max Brenner has more dessert options and a fun and atmosphere. It's kinda like the chocolate of Willie Wonka. O, I forgot to mention that the big selling point was the great service. Our server gave great information and input and was kind. 


Overall: 4 (Rounded) 
Food: 4
Service: 4
Price: 2.5
Atmosphere: 3
Let me start by saying I was SUPER excited about coming here as a chocolate lover and all the great things I had heard. I came with my neice to grab some dessert and upon entering I realized this was just a big cafe inside. For some reason from the outside it seemed like it would be some much cooler.

Upon glancing over the menu the first thing that might strike you is the prices for a cookie $10 and a shake $12. Sadly after finding perfect parking and trekking through the swampy snow, I caved. The Hazelnut Chocolate shake was the bomb.com. It was probably 3,000 calories, thick, full of whip cream, delicious nutella bite and sheer perfection. Was it worth $12, no. 

The chocolate chunk cookie was the size of a closed fist, it came with a little chocolate drizzle, fruit and whip cream. The cookie was terribly dry, the taste at most was mediocre. For a whooping $10, I could've easily bought 3 rolls of cookie dough and made cookies for my block. 

My service was not great either, we sat at the bar to not endure the wait and the server was so not helpful. Not only that but he seemed almost annoyed with my questions about my shake. The only reason I don't give them one star is because the shake was actually good. But I'm sure there are a million other places that can make it better, I will not be returining.
Max Brenner is the kind of place so flawed, so failed, so undelicious, it inspires one of those proscriptive Do and Don't lists. 

Since you're reading my review, allow me to share mine.

. . . . . . .

DON'T staff 3.5 employees per table. Math aside it means there's a 100% chance you can never get rid of any of them and jam in a word in edgewise to your dining companion.

DON'T encourage staff to blizzard patrons with an endless stream of insincere commentary and check-ins.

DON'T serve every dish on chipped pottery. Would you want to drink hot chocolate out of a splintered clay fragment? You would not.

DON'T serve bacon the flavor of liquid smoke and the texture of elderly underarm.

DON'T use more than a pound of sugar per entree.

DON'T design your restaurant to look like a rejected Starbucks concept store. Corporate isn't delicious.

DON'T serve Lender's Bagels.

DON'T say "chubby" on a menu.

DON'T sell logo wear.

. . . . . . .

If you skipped the DON'T list, try the DO one:

DO respect yourself. 

DO go anywhere else.
When we joined groupon we got a lot of certs we are now using.  This was one.

The place is nice enough from the outside and has a very upscale selection of delicious looking chocolates up front, but after a long wait we eventually got seated.  the music is way too loud, but the decor was interesting save for the fake chocolate machines out front. 

We got deserts which were just ok at best and featured stale waffles and a cup of very blah hot chocolate.  Service was from the school of you should be honored to sit here.  Like another recent reviewer our water was not refilled, and when i returned from the very nice, clean and well appointed bathroom I saw our glasses were still empty. 

I grabbed a pitcher and refilled our glasses, and upon returning to where I got the pitcher our waitress took the pitcher back with no apology for not doing HER job.

This place would be heaven for a little kid and seemed to be a popular date place for younger folks but for people over 30 I would say look elsewhere like Cafe l' Aube, or Swiss Haus (although Swiss Haus is not open late for dates et al - they do have great stuff to bring home and under their previous owner did our wedding cake!)
Max Brenner never disappoints me when I'm looking for a sweet blast. While I have never tried heir savory foods, I am sure they would be equally as good. But seeing as they claim to be 'recreating the chocolate culture' it's only fitting that I get chocolate orders here. Traditionally I have always gotten gotten the Sharing Fondue for Two, and the chocolate pizza. My only complaint is towards to fondue; for the price they never give enough fruits and marshmallows. In addition, there's a small fee to get a small refill of those items. 

OVERALL, come here on a date, with a friend, when you're feeling down, or whenever you need a sugar rush.
*In order to get the FULL effect of this review, you need to hum the tune of "I Want it Now," as performed by Miss Veruca Salt of "Willy Wonka  and the Chocolate Factory."   If you need help, here you go...start at 0:36. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dU7nG3KvZDA.

Max Brenner...yummm!
This place is tas-ty!
Went for my birthday, this past Sat-ur-day, and I can't wait to go back! 
 ...NOOOW!

Friendly wait staff...Matt was the nicest.
Offered suggestions, and answered our questions (what rhymes with questions....)
Wanna go back... now!

Food was pretty good...got the Caesar salad.
Left room for dessert... sooo glad I did that...would have been mad if I hadn't....
Give me some more...NOW!

Got the Ivory Heart...so good, 'twas sinful.
Gooey warm chocolate...with a side of ice cream
I did not want to share it!

During my party, all you heard was laughter.
Cho-co-late often does that.
Such fab decor, there were colors galoooore
...And it smelled like CHOCOLAAAATE! 

*instrumental*

Alll in alll...enjoyed my time there!
I sure will go back...as soon as I can
And I don't care with whom..cause whyyyyy?
So, ver-y good...want to go back!
Could be a friend, a boo, or you....want to go baaaaaaack!

______________________________


So this place was delicious - can't you tell? And it's really all about chocolate...to the point that I titled the event "Chocolate Girls do Max Brenner."  Why?  Because we ARE chocolate, and we LOVE chocolate. *shrugs* 

 And M.B. really reminded me of Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory...to the point that I was literally signing Ole Veruca's torch song when I left....I'm talking skipping down the street and everything.  It was Halloween night though, so trust, stranger things were going on around Walnut St.  

 Oh, and if you're a Philly Elite, and unfamiliar with the song, I'll be happy to perform it for you at the next Elite event I attend.

So, just go to Max Brenner.  You'll love it.
You know; I was really excited to try this place out because I'm a fan of MBnners of NY but I didn't even get to buy anything because nobody, and I mean nobody there even bothered to tend to us. There were 3 girls at the hostess desk gossiping about something that apparently happened with another worker and we just got tired of being ignored. I mean, they didn't even acknowledge our presence at all; absolutely horrible.
I don't typically do the whole "let's go somewhere different for dessert", but when the preggers future cousin in law wants to try Max Brenner who am I to drag my feet?

I'm just going to throw out some bullet points because I don't feel like composing my thoughts.

+ Very clever of them to pipe chocolaty aromas into the entrance vestibule
+ Upon entry, my eyes rest upon a scene of pure havoc - families with hyperactive, overstimulated, sticky kids mixed amongst "girls' night out" parties satisfying their sweet tooths
+ Who in their right mind would eat a full meal here and follow it up with their own dessert? Six of us shared two desserts.
+ This place is like a fancy pants Friendly's.
+ What's with this Max Brenner guy? Maybe I'll start incorporating my likeness into my signature and inserting my name into normal words too. That's not a chipwich, it's a Bobwich!

All stupid complaints aside, I have to give credit where credit is due - that's some good chocolate. Enough for me to want to eat here? Not really, but that's some good chocolate.
First off, this review is preliminary. There are many things about Max Brenner, the chocolate man behind locations in New York, Singapore, Australia, and Israel--and now Philadelphia--and his heavenly restaurant--that will go unsaid in the review. There is a certain maximalist scope to the joint that begs multiple excursions, multiple wades through. The first time you watched Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, or Willy Wonka, for that matter, you were probably astounded. The second and third time, analysis became more tangible. The fantastical elements became more weighable, approachable. You could sift through those gum drops without feeling like the sticky hands sensation was odd or discomforting.

Anyway, secondly, I probably should have given four stars in this review. I promised the waitress, a certain V., five stars on the back of her receipt. Don't get me wrong--there are many five-star qualities about this restaurant. Maybe you like the best atmosphere for eating experimentally ever, a certain Austrain interior design/architecture, as my friend made reference to; or maybe you like the chocolate store in sight of the tables, or the chocolate bar in the distance blending on in with the circumferential epicenter from which the tables spiraled out and away. Or maybe the very kind, knowledgeable staff, whose smiles were noticeable and sincere, whose information went beyond standard, and whose prompt service was professional in that unprofessional, welcome to this great hangout sort of way.

What about the food? That's an entirely separate review, it seems. I'm no Zagat NYC jerk who knows what he's talking about, but I can tell when a sundae is good. When your food is served like an art project, it's probably going to be above average. When there are more ingredients on the menu than you can memorize, then it's probably above average. When there are more than you can read in a minute, or at a dinner table, comfortably, then the dish will probably exceed your expectations. I hadn't had a sundae so sensationally impacting since my first Reeses Peanut Butter Cup sundae at Friendly's when I was twelve. I'm twenty-three now.

Oh yeah--try the spicy hot chocolate. The Latin-American-style chile-infused dark chocolate actually burns. It's the extreme of the extreme. It's more a spiritual challenge than an strictly hedonist indulgence. But the flare and the resulting pain, the chagrin of the tongue, is a pleasure you may never find in a dessert dish again.

But there were four, and three star qualities too. Horrible soundtrack kills the mood. Why no live pianist? Why no funky music? Even some ambient drone tracks would do better than the Ruby-Tuesday-esque CD playing on some back programming station in the kitchen. It didn't make any sense for such a casual, up-beat place. Any the table are kind of small for the gargantuan dishes. I'm sure somebody will complain. Yes, I've got lanky orangutan arms the frame of netbook user, but . . . and the be careful if you decide to go there over the next week or two. Because of the grand opening last Wednesday, the hired staff, analogous to a Survivor episode before the first Immunity Challenge (commented my friend Jeff), is far too plentiful. You can't really look up from your plate without seeing some smiling staff person gazing at the beautiful dessert and thinking, I kept thinking to myself anyway, "how much can this person actually eat?!" Granted, the staff = gorgeous, but come on. Go hide in the back or something. Go do yoga or tennis or hand out chocolate to the homeless or something--don't stare at my exploitable figure.

So yeah, this is the first review or a place that was pretty much too intense to take in at once. A rational one will follow when I get the money together to go cash-forward again.
I can't tell if it's because I've eaten too much or it's because the food is so rich, but every time I walk out of Max Brenner I feel slightly ill. 

Don't get me wrong, if you're craving chocolate then oh my god, you will get chocolate. And pretty good chocolate. But the deserts are a bit too heavy and rather than yearning for more the next day, I swear myself off of all deserts for the next week. This definitely doesn't happen, but still...it's not a great sign. 

The brunches are surprisingly good, and the presentation lovely. Be sure not to order hot chocolate or a mocha along with any meal. Again: too full and slightly ill. 

Think small and sweet at Max Brenner and you leave content.
I cannot believe I've lived within blocks of this place for nearly 4 years without a visit. Walking in was like achieving Nirvana. It's a bar, it's a restaurant, it's a chocolate store! They have booze, they serve brunch, they have chocolate fondue! This is probably what heaven is like. 

I have only been for dessert (... so far. I already have plans to go back. Twice.) so I can't speak to the food. The dessert menu is HUGE and extensive and makes great reading material. I ended up going with something very simple. At first, I tried to order the Banana Tempura Fondue, but with regular bananas rather than fried ones. My waitress was super-helpful and suggested that I could just order the fruit with the toppings from that dessert. When I found out that was an option, I got to order *exactly* what I wanted - which turned out to be bananas, fresh strawberries, and dark chocolate fondue. 

The fondue comes on a cute platter with a candle to keep the chocolate warm. You get to eat your fruit with a skewer. Food on sticks AND food on fire, all at one time! Like I told you, I'm pretty sure this place is heaven.
Was hoping for an amazing night for my daughter's ninth birthday, and Max Brenner's delivered. 

Our waiter, Chad, was hands-down the best waiter I have ever had in my life - and that is saying a lot. He was kind, courteous, on the ball, and made the night fun for the four 8-9-year-old girls with us. 

We didn't expect the food (the non-chocolate, main food) to be as good as it was, but it was great. The mac and cheese really hit the spot, and the kids' dinners were all good - and a good size.

The beer selection was better than I expected as well.

And when it came time for dessert, our high expectations were surpassed. The "Chocolate Mess" was amazing as was the smores sundae and the chocolate milkshake and the waffle thing (not sure what it was called.)

The only miss? That I couldn't get the same hot chocolate that MB has made famous on the streets of New York City. That was our main reason for picking MB's for dinner, and it was a bummer that they didn't have it.
Perhaps it is our preference for desserts that are not overtly sweet, perhaps it had something to do with our expectation of tasting gourmet chocolate creations, perhaps it was our milkshake that tasted very ordinary and replicable at home using store brand ingredients. 

Whatever the contributing factors or a combination thereof, we walked out feeling underwhelmed and slightly sick of a sugar overdose.

For a conceivable reference, if you like Russell Stover products, you might like their creations.
We were greeted in a very friendly manner and offered free chocolates.  After being seated though, we just had to leave.  This is not an appropriate venue for a business lunch.  Loud, distracting decor and a predominantly chocolate menu made it hard to choose from the over priced snacky-type lunch menu.

Save this place for a date or (if you're rich) bring the kids who are sure to be entertained here.

This place will fail if they don;t offer some sensible lunch choices (Salads were $13.95) or lunch specials.
When my teen brother walked in here he said: "This place makes me wish I had a girlfriend." But I don't think he realized how LOUD it would be despite how dimly-lit the place was.

So this place is obviously a dessert place, and it's kitschy as hell (the owner of this chain of restaurants seems to have some kind of ego problem since his face and name are emblazoned on pretty much every surface you can think of -- I'm surprised there wasn't an outline of his head on our plates). And yeah, the desserts are pretty fantastic  -- the "thing to get" is the chocolate pizza, but I looove the Tutti-Frutti Waffles (waffles + fruit + ice cream + chocolate = win) and I just had some gooey marshmallow brownie chocolate ice cream sandwich deal last night which was good, but not quite as good as the waffles. 

But if you're feeling lazy, and you don't want to go to two restaurants on one night (not sure why one would do that), or, like us, you were unprepared and forgot to make reservations at Miga and Max Brenner's had half the wait time, don't despair! The food here is surprisingly decent for the kitsch factor. No complaints from all 3 of my dining partners. The price is definitely up there for the sophistication of the cuisine, but it's filling, and  really A-OK. (The four stars are obviously for the dessert which is nom-tastic.)
I have been here a few times I would like to say a half of dozen. You LOVE Chocolate this is the place to be at. They have food and wine and beer as well as speciality drink including hot chocolate galore. Also very yummy desserts depending on the price and what  you would like to spend. Staff is pleasant and kind. 

If you are a certiified chocolate fiend or love it a lot. This is your place!
I've been going to this particular max brenner for the past 5/6 years and I feel that while I was obsessed at first they have dropped the ball in recent years.

While the dessert portion used to be my favorite part of this place their hazelnut bit chocolate marshmallow pizza is no longer ooey gooey and delicious. The "dough" part was cold and chewy. I love their tea and how it comes with the interesting presentation.

Their ice cream and milkshakes are creamy but I just feel that compared to locations that are popping up the price for the quality just isn't too great anymore.

The salad the last month I was there was disappointing it just wasn't the fresh taste I was accustomed to. My friend got the burger and fries which she said was just okay.

The tables are tiny and the place gets packed. This place just doesn't meet my expectations anymore which was disappointing because I used to get so excited coming here.
Delicious chocolate conconctions including the best Mexican hot cocoa and chocolate pizza (what is that, you may ask, go there now- run don't walk- and you too will experience chocolate-bliss)
I was pleasantly surprised by my visit to Max Brenner. I assumed that is was a place to get good chocolate based desserts, and you can certainly get outstanding ones here. The surprise was that the food was excellent. 
       The Quinoa Farm Salad is my new favorite salad combo. I will definitely try to duplicate it at home. The salad in addition to the quinoa the salad consisted of arugula ,red peppers,carrots,chickpeas,red onions ,cucumbers,candied hazelnuts all tossed in a citrus dressing. The salad was bright crunchy and fresh. 
          The cheesesteak waffle was a perfect combo of sweet and savory. It had a lightly sweet waffle with caramelized onions,mushrooms and roasted red peppers chopped in with flavorful chicken covered with a five cheese blend. It came with perfectly cooked crisp waffle fries. 
            My grandson wolfed down his chicken tenders with the same waffle fries. They were crisp and not at all greasy. Our server was attentive and friendly and promptly delivered my grandsons meal first. He was very happy with his entree and his kid sized chocolate ice cream with sprinkles.
         The original Mac & Cheese was amazing. The elbow macaroni were perfectly cooked topped with bacon crumbles,tomatoes and herbed breadcrumbs. 
           The desserts are alone worth the trip   
A number of people there just ordered dessert. Everything looked delicious. The hot chocolate is presented in special cups that are made to warm your hands. We shared an ample portion of churros with milk chocolate fondue,raspberry purée and caramel dipping sauces with their own warming cups. A Yelp check in offer allowed us to sample chocolate dipped pecans which were covered with cocoa powder. They we're devilishly delicious and a great cap for a fantastic meal all around. 
        Don't forget to stop in the chocolate and bring some of the goodness home.
I visit Philadelphia often and I always make sure to stop by Max Brenner to pick up chocolates before heading back home. I've never had a meal here, but the chocolates are amazing.

I usually get the different chocolate bars as well as their "Nuts" which consists of pecans that are covered in chocolate and dusted with unicorn magic.
Definitely definitely overhyped. The servers are nice but things go way slow. Also, the food was so "I could have just done this"... A shake made from Nutella and ice cream and blended... Like everything else, I always had a "left to be desired" moment. While the prices are pretty good, I just wasn't impressed. Don't go looking for something to blow you out of the water.. Or chocolate milk..? (Sorry tried for a joke). Anyways, I would skip!
So being the gluttons for punishment that we are, my wife and I came here last night for dessert.  We had just finished a fantastic meal at Miga at it was just to easy to cross the street to indulge my wife's chocolate craving.

We were pleasantly surprised when we walked in the door and the place was actually open.  No malfunctioning C3PO to rush us out.  We were seated immediately in a dining room that reminded me of a tacky version of the Cheesecake Factory.  Vats of chocolate, trite aphorisms on the walls, abstract drawings of some bald dude with an earring, references to Willie Wonka. . .I read somewhere that these restaurants belong in Disneyland or Vegas and I have to agree.

So we decide to order the banana split waffle.  It was very expensive -- $14 for a dessert -- but sounded delicious.  The pictures on the menu made it look amazing (it was the one dessert they chose to showcase on the Waffles and Crepes section).  But it SUCKED:

1.  The waffle was one of the worst I've ever tasted.  It was as if they took a week-old cake donut (not the Krispy Kreme kind, but the really heavy kind that crumbles), and shoved it into a waffle maker.  The waffle was so hard that I needed a knife to cut it.  And it tasted like, well, a re-baked week-old bad cake donut.  The waffle we had at the Days Inn was a gazillion times better.

2.  The chocolate was way too sweet, as if put too much sugar.  Now I'm not a chocolate connoisseur, but I do know a few things about chocolate and I did take chemistry in high school.  I know that high quality chocolates typically have a higher cocoa content.  And from chemistry, if you increase the content of one ingredient, then the percentage allocated to the other ingredients goes down.  So if the sugar content is very high (too sweet), then the cocoa content, by definition, will be low.  So my conclusion: Max Brenner uses low quality chocolate.  Unbelievable for a restaurant that bills itself as "changing the world's chocolate culture."

3.  The banana was way over-ripe.  Over-ripe to the point where it left a pungent aftertaste in mouth.  

4.  There was not nearly enough vanilla ice cream for this dessert.  Ok, so maybe we didn't the amount of vanilla ice cream with the waitress (the menu just says "vanilla ice cream", with no indication of the unit of measure).  But for a $14 dessert, most people would assume you'd get at least a scoop.  We got something closer to a dollop.

So there it is.  I can't believe anyone could screw up a waffle, ice cream, fudge, and bananas that badly.  Now that I think about it, there wasn't even any fudge - it was chocolate sauce.  At any rate, this dessert SUCKED.  It would suck even if it cost $3 in the "day-old" section of a bakery.
Friend and I came here on the search for something toasty to warm ourselves up from walking through the city. We'd eaten already so only sat down with the intention of ordering a couple hot drinks but both gravitated toward their chococktails. 

I was slightly repulsed by the sound of chocolate martini, but who could resist trying some boozy nutella and chocolate covered strawberry? Not I. We ordered two of their chocolate martinis - the original and the current special "fireside" (with dashes of cinnamon, nutella, chocolate covered graham, etc.). Both were surprisingly delicious, although rich and a bit thick at the bottom. Perfect for sipping though. 

For nibbles we tried their waffle fries with chili and cocoa powder that comes with a spicy dip. AMAZING. Sadly they came out more room temp than hot, but still were too good. 

Service was great on a Monday night, and this place has great atmosphere for conversations. Menu is slightly pricey and the caloric intake is a tad overboard, but the indulgence is totally worth it.
It was a complete failure in all aspects of running a restaurant.  The hostess was completely overwhelmed and set up for failure.  She had to juggle answering the phone, seating people, managing reservations, cleaning tables and checking people out at the other counter.  It's not hard to see that she was put in a very bad position by management on a very busy night.

The server was incredibly slow, and it took over an hour to get drinks and even longer to get water (although she got a little better as the night went on).  The beer was warm, and the bar was blamed for being "backed up".  However when it takes an hour to get the beer it makes you realize that it was probably sitting there the entire time begging to be picked up.  We had to speak to the manager (who was nice at least) to get cheese added to a panini.  We also had to ask for silverware and napkins so the kids could eat their meals.  Over an hour is enough time to get these things delivered to the table, and it shows how unprepared they were.

We have never heard more broken dishes in our life, and the bathrooms were not clean.  

The food was decent once we got it.  However, for the price we paid we would expect more, especially for the chaos that was going on around us.

We may go back at some point as all restaurants can have a bad day, but in a city with so many options I don't think Max Brenner's can have too many nights like this and survive.
My family and I ate here tonight and had a bad experience due to the waitress serving us. The food was ok (not great, just average) for the most part. However, my wife had ordered a Chicken Paillard--a dish with grilled chicken over a salad. The chicken was dry and overcooked to a point where large portions of it was completely black (will post pics next to show how bad). When we called the waitress over to show her she said, "it's grilled so that can happen, it's normal".  It was hard to believe how large pieces of chicken that looked like lumps of coal could be an acceptable in a restaurant dish. 

When my wife said it wasn't edible, the waitress said it would take at least 25 minutes to cook a new one as they were so busy, and since she had eaten "most of it" (she hadn't, though she had by then eaten mostly the salad underneath since the waitress hadn't checked on us and had been so hard to flag down), she wouldn't take it back. The best she could do was offer a small discount. We asked for the manager and she said she could get him but that "it was really busy and it would be a long time for the manager to come". Basically she seemed to be trying to dissuade us from pushing for the situation to be made right. 

We got pretty angry at that point and asked for the manager anyways, and he actually came right away. After taking one look at the chicken, he agreed it was unacceptable and asked what he could do to make it right. He generously offered us a free dessert including a chocolate fondue, and since we had been planning to order one anyways agreed to that. The manager was very reasonable and is the reason I'm giving it better than a single star. 

As for the waitress, I'm incredulous that she took the stance that a large piece of burnt black chicken is a normal thing to serve and she wanted to not make it right--not even call over the manager. I left her a tiny tip in response, but afterwards regretted not letting the manager know about her as they may think we were cheapskates who were trying to get a dish comped and the lousy tip wasn't entirely because of the crappy, antagonistic service we received from her.
This place is mediocre at best in my opinion. You know you're approaching Max Brenner when you can smell that the air around you is getting sweeter haha. I'm not the biggest fan of chocolate but I came here with a few friends for dessert after dinner. We got seated right away since there weren't many people there. The first thing that annoyed me was how they seated us. We were a party of three but they seated us at a table for two. Initially, they were going to put us in this tiny corner where we would all have to squeeze in. Then they switched us to the table next to that table, which was still tight.  The place was practically empty so I didn't understand why we weren't seated at a roomier table.

Our waiter came by with the menus, and we proceeded to order the classic fondue. The classic fondue option came with three sauces: toffee and our choice of dark, milk, or white chocolate. We went with the dark and white chocolate. The fondue came out shortly after along with bananas, strawberries, marshmallows, brownies, and cookies. For what the fondue is worth, they skimp out on the food items to dip into the chocolate. Expect very very small portions. That was my second problem with Max Brenner for the night. Third problem: our fondue was not hot. It wasn't even warm. It was room temperature chocolate that was premelted. They had candles at the bottom of each jar holding the chocolate but it wasn't very effective. We had finished everything and even then, the chocolate wasn't warm. I don't think it started heating up until maybe 30 minutes later, which is really unfortunate because I would've enjoyed dessert much more if the chocolate fondue was hot to begin with. 

I give this place 2 stars for now, but I do want to be back to try their hot chocolates. Maybe that will redeem this place for me.
First stop for Center City Restaurant Week:  Max Brenner for lunch. Three courses for $20. Multiple choices for each course, but I picked the chips with spinach/artichoke fondue to start, the Brenner Burger (bbq sauce, lettuce, tomato, cheddar, onion ring) with cocoa/chili waffle fries, and the peanut butter and banana chocolate crepe with chocolate ganache for dessert. Massive amount of food, but my stomach is superhuman when it has to be and I ate every last bite (to the shock of my dining companions). Because of this, I had no more room for actual chocolate or hot chocolate in a hug mug "by the bald man," but walked it off for sure right afterward. I was really surprised at the size of the portions, especially for prixe fixe menu at lunchtime! I mean, especially tne dessert, man! A full-on crepe filled with rich peanut butter, banana slices, and even more peanut butter sauce, and chocolate ganache to pour over the top - almost put ME over the top, if you know what I mean. The full dessert order according to the regular menu includes dulce de leche ice cream too...! Whew. Twenty bucks was a good deal, a ton of food, service was okay.
Max Brenner! So much memory in this place. This place used to be my favorite dessert spot when I lived in Philly. I could not even count how many times I've been here and that's how much I love to come here. I was super excited when I know that there is a dessert place opening near my house and I actually went there with my sister the first week when they opened. The first impression of this place is its cute decor! The wall is decorated with cartoon scenes. There was also tubes connecting chocolate and transfer to a huge barrel. I found it super cool. I've tried their varieties kinds of dessert.  Banana Hazelnut Crepe, Peanut Butter and Banana Chocolate Crepe, Banana Split Waffles, Tutti Frutti Waes, The Melting Chocolate True Heart Cake & Shake, Chocolate Chunks Pizza, Chocolate Fondue Tower...Wow even I am wordless listing these up, don't know how much calories I had gained from here! I also tried several of their savory items like Pan-Toasted Penne 'Alfredo' and Sesame Salmon. 

Instead of describing the dish one by one, I will just talk about my favorites. My favorite chocolate dessert there was the Peanut Butter and Banana Chocolate Crepe. They provided this milk chocolate ganache that you could drizzle over the crepe or ice cream. The ganache was delicious. It was not too sweet or bitter plus I am already a bi fan of milk chocolate. Ice cream was super rich and refreshing. I also love how they put peanut butter inside the crepe. This dish was just rich, refreshing and delicious! I also tried their chocolate pizza, I had to say that for the first time, I felt a little weird maybe because I was not used to combine sweets in a savory item. However, the flavor of pizza was amazingly good.  You can  choose two toppings for the pizza: crunchy hazelnut bits, bananas, peanut butter or roasted marshmallows. I always go with the marshmallow and peanut butter. I had to say this item definitely made me full though. I do not suggest take home because who likes soft sweet pizza? In terms of savory item, I really enjoy their sesame salmon. It is funny that I usually don't eat cooked salmon but I actually find this dish amazing. First time my friend ordered this and I took a bite, then you could imagine, I basically finished my friend's dish...The salmon dish came with spinach and wasabi aoili. I love love love the spinach here. It was super flavorful and the wasabi aoili added a kick to this dish. The juice of salmon mixed with the spinach definitely make the spinach taste super flavorful. I also tried their onion rings since it was a popular order item there but I find it okay, nothing really worth writing about. 

Too bad I already move out of Philly but whenever I go back and visit my friends, this place is like a meeting place for us. Will definitely go back when I visit Philly! Parking is hard around the area since its in Center City, you will need to find street or parking structure.
I want to love Max brenner. Truly. I love desserts.  A place that's supposedly innovative in chocolate should be my dream.

I love their hot chocolate, and the hug mug concept is nice. It's a good, intimate way to enjoy a decadent drink...it's the perfect viscosity and sweetness.  This is the only thing I would come back for, and maybe the fondues.

I find the other desserts, while cute, a bit simple in taste.  Marshmallows and nuts and peanut butter and hot fudge, etc....there's nothing complex or really "innovative". The chocolate is quality, but I feel like they do not do anything interesting with it.
If I was 5, I'd be in heaven.  But I think if you're a dessert enthusiast, it might be disappointing beyond the hot chocolate.

I've been to this location 2 times, and also looking at other reviews, it seems there's a big service issue here.  I've experienced mixed up entrees/drinks and exceptionally slow service when the place is mostly empty...instead, watching staff chatter as opposed to waiting on customers.
The tiny tables for 2 indeed suck if you plan on eating more than 1 shared dessert.  Your entrees will be desperately competing for space on the tabletop (and if you ordering drinks too, forget it).

The food could be improved, especially at these prices.  The bread on my burger was stale, and could never quite catch the cocoa powder on the fries.  
The pastry component of my friend's dessert was very dry...

For what it is, they need to up their game or lower the prices.

The chocolate itself is good, yes, but it unfortunately pales next to the other components of the experience.
I've been to Max Brenner a handful of times,
Most recently for restaurant week and overall i have really enjoyed it! I'm a huge dessert person so a place that sells all things chocolate is absolutely a win in my book. Their peanut butter hot chocolate is to DIE for...I highly recommend it! their milkshakes are pretty good but it isn't your typical super filled with ice cream shake so just be aware if you order :)

For restaurant week, i got the quesadilla appetizer and it was so amazing! The sauce on top of it was so good I wanted to bottle it up and take it home! I had a salad with goat cheese and butternut squash for my main entree and I loved it, it paired perfectly with the not so healthy and hugely portioned quesadilla. For dessert I ate the build your own ice cream-such a cool concept! They give you fresh chocolate and ice cream and other toppings to make a sundae! I loved the homemade chocolate shell! I only wish they had a few more things with their waffles on their restaurant week menu...their chicken Caesar sandwich thing they have there with waffles is SO AMAZING. 

The service was really slow, but it was still a good meal and I'm sure I will still go back sometime :)
So I want to love this place. I mean the smell of chocolate practically knocks you back upon entering and the desserts are so beautiful you expect perfection. Unfortunately though, there is a lot lacking from the requirements to make this place what it should and could be.

Disclaimer: I am no longer 8 years old. None of the people I have ever gone to Max Brenner's with has been 8 years old. In order to love this place I honestly believe you have to have the sweet tooth of an 8 year old. (no offense to anyone who loves this place. Like I said - I want to love this place).

On Saturday I went with a party of 14, I have also visited when it was only myself and one other friend so I have had both the group and solo-like experiences. This place is perfect for either. The staff is awesome, really. They attended to all of us without any problem and kept the water glasses full the entire evening (not an easy task when you serve sugar with a side of sugar all night). The only problem was that they brought the desserts out separately. Meaning, one person at our table had his dessert about 10 minutes before the rest of the table and half of the party ended up with their full food order before the other half by about 20 minutes. Not awful though as we were there for a birthday and happy to enjoy the company. (Oh and they were out of a few items that people ordered which is a big "no no" in my opinion, but again not a big deal)

The biggest issue I have with this place is that there is no balance to the desserts. Everything is designed to be so decadent but it really just ends up as a combination of mediocre overly sweet treats that become too sugary to even finish. If I go back (and I imagine I will as I'm a sucker for a big dessert no matter how good) I think I will try tweaking my desserts a little each time. So instead of the sundae with chocolate and peanut butter ice cream with dolce de leche ice cream, bananas, nuts, whipped cream, brownie bites, etc. etc. I will forgo the chocolate peanut butter ice cream for a simple vanilla. The same would go for the smores sundae. My boyfriend and I had one of each and ended up sharing my peanut butter euphoria sundae (and not finishing it even) while leaving the smores sundae to melt sadly.

Overall, this is a great place to bring a kid looking for a sugar rush and the same can be said for an adult. Just keep in mind, if it looks like it will be too sweet, it probably will be.
Currently waiting 30 minutes for 2 sundaes. Waitress was polite and prompt to greet and serve our drinks. I'm hoping the wait is wort
We visited Max Brenner for my daughter's 8th grade graduation. Our server was pretty new at the time, but was really great.  I love love love Max Brenner because of all the chocolate.  Honestly the food is just okay.  The staff and friendly service makes up for it.  It's a perfect place for kids and/or groups with kids and great for tourists but not really a place I'd go to have a great meal.
A chocolate lover's dream. I've been here for dinner, brunch, and dessert, and all three have been fantastic. I'd definitely say that the desserts here are what's worth it, so try to avoid the pizzas and the pasta! 

If you are into really, REALLY sweet brunches Max Brenner is the place to go. I went with 4 of my friends earlier in the year and we split sweet crepes, waffles, a sundae, and a s'mores pizza. It was one of the most incredible brunches I've had to date. 

I've also been here for a late night dessert event. I fell in love with the nutella-esque hazelnut chocolate milkshake and s'mores and definitely am craving these dishes again.

The heart shaped chocolate lava cake was only OK in my books, simply because I prefer really dense and moist and decadent cakes and this one seemed to be a bit dry for me. However, you will not go wrong with just about anything on the dessert menu, especially the s'mores pizza-- a classic!

Be prepared to pay slightly more than you would expect for desserts, but to be honest I think it's still worth it. Definitely one of my favorite sweet places to hit up in Philadelphia and in Boston and I'm excited to introduce more people to its wonders!
Ugh. Just...don't do it. Don't. Don't let the FAKE chocolately aromas or adorable chalkboard signs lure you in. This place is a waste of your moneys. A real tourist trap. Grr.

We came on a quiet Sunday night for dessert, and after being ignored by the hostess for a good 5-10min we were seated at a wobbly table. The music was way too loud. We ordered hot chocolate and the peanut butter chocolate fudge sundae. I explicitly asked that the hot chocolate be brought out first so we could drink it before eating the ice cream. The server actually said to me "Um I don't know how we can time that, but okay.." ...really? Likeee, get your shit together.

So, as I probably could have predicted, the ice cream came out first. They merely said "oops". No offers to fix this. Fools. The ice cream was yummy but should've been half the price, honestly. Oh, he also spilled hot chocolate on our table when he finally gave it to us. Indifferently.

I was mad and disenchanted. My boyfriend got to listen to me on my soapbox, explaining to him the importance of customer service excellence. Suffice to say, I ain't comin' back.
I'll keep this short, which is going to be hard cos there is Chocolate involved here. The Idea of a place solely dedicated to chocolates brings joy to my heart and taste buds too. 

The aroma of chocolat in the hallway and the excellent service was the only highlights on my visit here. Food choices aren't that enticing , maybe with the exception of the Chocolate pizza. 

This may be a nice place to end ur nite on a chocolate high, High enuff and maybe then u might not notice the exorbitant prices that come in lieu for the visit. Maybe they forget they are in Philadelphia and not Union Square.
ATTENTION! :  NON-CHOCOLATE FOOD UPDATE!  Yup....that's right kids, they serve more than just whimsical cacao concoctions here.  

I wanted to write an update for Max Brenner because I tried more than hot chocolate this time.  

I had the chicken cobb sliders which were great!  Cripsy fried chicken, lettuce, tomato, avocado, blue cheese, and some type of chipotle mayo I think.  My sister had the Max Burger which was huge and looked delicious.   A thick angus patty topped with cheddar, lettuce, tomato, HUGE onion rings, chipotle mayo and bbq sauce come on the side--Mmmm.  Not sure it's quite worth the $15 price tag, but I'm not a huge burger girl...so it just might be.  Those seasoned waffle fries are excellent too!  

So on to the Chocolately goodness:

Me and baby sis split the Melting Chocolate Truffle Heart Cake with the Carmel Heart.  3 stars for this dessert.  It was good, but I was expecting oozing carmel to come out, and instead there was just a hollow hole :-(.  There was a touch of carmel on top...but not enough for a "Carmel Heart".  Also this dessert would be a lot better served warm.   I will give the dessert 4 stars the 1. presentation, 2. the martini shaker filled with chocolate to use at your disposal 3.  the vanilla burbon ice cream with cripsy crepe flakes-CRAZY GOOD.  

Lastly, 5 stars for the Kangaroo drink--a cappuccino (a latte in my case-don't really like a lot of foam) with two dark chocolate sticks was heavenly.  I would come back just for that.

I'm not gonna lie...I came out of this place feeling quite sick...but a good sick...a chocolatey high type of sick.  I think I would actually call out sick so I could get sick like this again.
The chocolate tastes great, but nothing too spectacular in my opinion. Also it is very overpriced especially for the amount you get.
I have never had more fun eating chocolate.  This place wreaks of youthful pleasantry, but it's no kid's playland ie Chuck E. Cheese.  Brenner offers child-like sweet tooth dishes pulled off in a modern, sophisticated manner.  The restaurant food could use a little bit of work, but it was worth the trip for the sweet little indulgence I partook in.

My chocolate sampling of the day came in the form of a Suckao: a make-it-yourself hot chocolate.  It comes in a cute porcelain cup with a candle underneath heating the milk already inside.  You are giving a small bowl of your chocolate of choice (the basic milk, dark, or white), and you simply stir it into the milk and drink!  An extra cup of milk is provided because the cup itself is small, so you keep refilling it.  I like interactive foods and drinks!  It's just fun to have some small part of your meal under your control so that you can have it to your liking.  And if you don't like it, you have noone to blame but yourself.

The entree itself quite frankly could use improvement.  The grilled chicken panini sounded amazing on paper.  Too bad the bread was so dry it felt like I was eating paper.  There was barely any olive pesto in the sandwich too, which I was looking forward to.  The fries that came with it are pretty good though.  They are lightly dusted with chili and cacao powder.  The creativity of this place never fails to astound me.

If I were to come back here again, I would come just for the desserts.  Max Brenner's is passionate about the desserts, and the entrees just seem more like the sideline additions.  These desserts are sweet, luxurious, and comforting:  enough to lift your spirits or drown your sorrows.  Life is just not as enjoyable without a little sugary sweetness.  And thanks to this establishment, life will never cease to be blissful.
It was just after 9am, and the place had just opened. After being promptly seated and menu'd, It took a while for us to decide what to get to drink. Hot or cold chocolate? Granita or soft drink? Or, in the face of overwhelming chocolate overload, milk or water? A chocolate Granita, a yellow granita, and iced coffee were ordered.

I had originally intended to get the Heuvos Rancheros as it's a personal favorite of mine, but didn't realize it came as a burrito, so I passed and went with the Max'ican Omelet. My son, who I thought surely would go for the illegal chocolate pancakes, stepping in and ordered the burrito for himself, so I'd have a chance to try it anyway. His uncle ordered the Max'ican as well, but with fresh tomatoes versus the fire roasted salsa. Those two ordered sides of bacon, but I felt I was doing enough damage with what I had so I held there. We also ordered the Mediterranean trio to share.

The yellow granita was actually green, and pronounced very good. My son had the chocolate granita, and pretty much anything here that has chocolate in the description is going to be excellent. I had the iced coffee, which was thoughtfully served with simple syrup for sweetening purposes. A night thoughtful touch that foreshadowed the meal as a whole.

There's no picture of the Mediterranean plate. Three nice sized portions of hummus, spanish eggplant, and babaganoosh served with chili dusted tortilla chips. We were hungry and it was good, so Yelp photos be damned we dug right in. It was pretty much three empty bowls when I realized I should have snapped a pic. We'll leave it with my assurance that it's very pretty. The hummus was nice and light, lemony, with some chopped tomato on top. The spanish eggplant, roasted, slightly sweet, and chunky, was my personal favorite and deep and complex. The babaganoosh was very nice as well, but not a personal thrill of mine so I tasted it and deferred to the other two offerings. 

Let me say that throughout the meal, our host was very attentive, as was Kathy, either the Chef owner or Head Chef. It was a pleasure to see people who enjoyed their job that much, and a change from the usual sad sacks we see in Philly. Of course, you do work in a place that smells like chocolate, and it's hard not to walk out with a smile when food is this good. We can tell this place hasn't been open long yet, as the literal dozen of wait staff were still all rail thin. With food this good, that will change shortly.

The black and tan beer battered onion rings, half a stack of which remains in the photo I posted, were served with a cocoa ranch dipping sauce. The black and tan adds a huge flavor to the batter, so much so that the flavor tips to almost a wine infused batter versus the mild and calm flavor we're used to. The chocolate ranch sauce they can keep, we used their omnipresent chocolate ganache instead, which was strong enough to hold up to the intense taste of the batter and fresh onion slices. Truly delish.

My max'ican omelet arrived and was accompanied by a light as air fluffy biscuit and finely chopped hash browns. The omelet was prepared with swiss cheese, avocado, onions, and topped with fire roasted salsa. It was delicious, and I noted specifically how perfectly ripe the avocados were. The hash brown bits were exceptionally flavorful, crispy outside and tender within. Yum. The two sauces you see in the picture are butter and 'the omnipresent chocolate sauce' mentioned above. The chocolate sauce is, as you would expect, incredibly good.

The mixed the bacon into my son's burrito, which worked out fine. Miscommunication in ordering on our part I assure you. He ate half of it and called it a day to save room for dessert. Yes, at 10am we were having dessert, because not to would be a crime indeed.

My son and I split the 'sharing fondue' an $25 tasting of all their iconic dishes. His uncle ordered the churros fondue, which Chef Kathy assured us was being made fresh to order as we chatted.

And Chef Kathy does not lie. The Churros came out still hot, accompanied by a trio of dipping sauces (toffee, chocolate, and raspberry). What initially appears to be a small portion quickly becomes plenty when you taste how rich they truly are. Top Notch.

The sampler arrived for my son and I, a huge collection of items that pretty much covered the table. I have no idea how they could serve this at a two top if you had drinks. There would simply be no room. While impressive looking, and supremely cool to my son with it's accompanying grill for toasting marshmallows, I was disappointed. It looks very pretty, but one items was simply whipped cream with raspberry sauce. Another was chocolate ganache in a tiny beaker that was impossible to share or, frankly, dispense from. Damn these character limits! Everything else was incredible. Chocolate pop rocks!!! Peanut butter and chocolate snack was my personal favorite. Go, eat ,enjoy! Five stars if next meal is consistent!!
This review is for Max Brenners Chocolate Shop, not the restaurant. When you first enter Max Brenners restaurant, the Chocolate shop is the first spot you see. or shall I say, smell; in fact you have to walk through it to get to the restaurant and bar.  Everything looks and smells delicious ! The service is good too. The three star rating comes from the fact that they carry a very limited selection of dark chocolate (no dark chocolate covered pretzels, no dark chocolate covered mints - ah, my life) ; and No vegan selections . For a Chocolate store in Center City, a metropolitan area that caters to a diverse population, they need to have options for us dark chocolate people.
If you are a Chocolate lover, then you hit the jackpot! The mouth-watering scent of chocolate will awakens your senses as soon as you enter the restaurant. I come here at least once a month!
For dinner I Love their Mac & Cheese, and the burger is not bad either. Brunches omelets is good as well. Save some space for the  Chocolate Pizza- it is to die for! 
As a chocoholic I declare that this is the most delightful and irresistible sweet confection I've had. Just the concept of Pizza and Chocolate is over-the-top festival. The chocolate is rich and very tasteful and the topping oh my Lord! 
the service is a hit or miss since there are packed most of the time especially on weekend nights.
Four and half Yelps
Okay, we came here explicitly for dessert. As their door says - they're open late on weekdays, and "really late" on weekends.

The front windows were open as we walked in, the smell of fudge heavy in the air. I'm surprised it didn't permeate our skins! :P

Seated in a corner, this place has dark, yellow lighting which is probably good for the decor but less than helpful for those reading fine print on the menus.

Desserts were incredibly rich.  They were actually out of our first few choices -- how do you run out of chocolate?? They have so much lying around, but they were out of the milkshake and the double chocolate fudge cake. Saddened, we opted for the Granita with a scoop of ice cream to replicate the milkshake and I had a hot chocolate with a thick layer of melting marshmellows.

Definitely a place for people with a sweet tooth - the milk and white chocolates are incredibly sweet, and the dark isn't much better.  Cups for the hot chocolate are nice, "hugging" mugs, as they are. For me, too sweet... teeth hurt after drinking the hot cocoa.

Decor inside reminds me of the NYC Max Brenner, with the two vats up front of turning chocolate (at least, I think it's chocolate). Lots of wooden seating, softer pleather benches.

There are boxes wrapped in foil in the cabinets. I thought big blocks of chocolate or fudge would be cooler, but ah, well.
We visited for a birthday celebration but unfortunately  we did not have a pleasurable experience here. From the bartender slamming things, Servers standing around on their phones, to the profanity being spewed from the staff near the kitchen window.  The wait, the staff, the service, and the food itself all had issues. It was really bad. 

The one positive that I can say is the manager Joe tried his best to rectify the issues once he was made aware of them. He ran around the restaurant and appeared to be busier than his staff. I honestly felt bad for him. Thank you Joe for all your efforts in salvaging our night. I think with better support staff this Joe can turn this place around.
Unique place.  Smells great!!!  Loved my hot chocolate.  But, the service was really, really bad.  The food was ok.  Still, it was a fun place to check out with the kids.  Won't go back.
When I was a little girl, I had a dollhouse that I played with for HOURS every day.  I was in love with miniature furniture, miniature decorations, I even had a miniature Christmas tree.

Desserts at Max Brenner remind me of a dollhouse tea party.  Each plate is beautifully presented but in miniature!  And this is NOT a bad thing!  My chocolate lava cake was a normal rameken size, with a molten caramel center, served alongside a mini bowl of ice cream, with a mini shaker of chocolate, and a mini milkshake.  So yes, all were small, but one dessert was FOUR differnt things!  how fun!

I was in awe of the tiny beakers of caramel sauce, the mini shaker of ganache, every intricate detail of each dessert that came out.  Even a mini straw from a mini milkshake that had two tablespoons of shake in it (kind of ridiculous it was so small...but darn cute!)

And to top it off....they actually had a "regular" food menu too!  Which was perfect, since I was starving when I walked in at 8 p.m.  A few tasty seasoned pita chips with the mediterranean plate was just enough saltiness to calm my stomach before we dug into chocolate.

I was with a group, but I can't wait to come back here on a cozy date night :)
Just ehhh 2.5 stars

Made reservations for myself and two best friends for an early dinner on Sat. January 16th around 4:30pm. Thank goodness we had reservations because even still we had to wait about 20 minutes. 

The crowd waiting was pretty large even though there were plenty of empty tables. I hate that ! Like why are we standing here half freezing by the door when I see at least 5 empty tables? Lack of servers perhaps?

The host seated us at a tiny table made for 2 which was annoying because we had no personal space and felt like we were on top of our neighbors. 
When seated our server was nothing special, she didn't seem particularly busy or friendly and I had to ask her twice for a water refill because she kept forgetting.

We decided to share a frutti tutti waffle and it was extremely dry. Like almost inedible and I need water now dry. Our entrees were much better thankfully I had the cheesesteak on a waffle, one friend had a veggie burger and the other grilled chicken on a waffle. Overall I felt like this place had mediocre service, so so food and was pricey. NO thanks
Food OK, staff horrible, borderline mentally challenged. All the hostesses on phones instagram creeping. Desserts mediocre, prices 3x what they should've been. $24 fondue came with 3 strawberries and 3 pieces of a banana, when we asked for more fruit they said $5. To top it off, they charged me $5 extra and were hoping I wouldn't catch it in the bill. This place is great if you want to waste your money, get diabetes, and want to punch a wall throughout your meal.
A restaurant all about chocolate?  Heaven!  Don't get me wrong, there are non-chocolate items on the menu such as bacon mac and cheese or pizza but chocolate is the standout here.  My absolute favorite is the Brenner Burger which features the house BBQ sauce (pretty sure there's cocoa powder in there!) and onion rings and is served with the best french fries I've ever had.  I cannot say enough about these fries...waffle fries, perfectly crisp and dusted with cocoa and chili powder.  They are heavenly.  The chocolate milk is rich and creamy.  The tiramisu is nothing short of perfection.  Beware of the milkshakes and dessert waffles...they are intensely sweet.  

There is a gift shop which serves delicious, melt-in-your-mouth chocolates in the most exquisite packaging I've ever seen.

The only reason that this restaurant doesn't get 5 stars is because of the ambiance.  The restaurant is clean and beautifully decorated.  However, it is cramped and VERY loud.  These are the only pitfalls but not bothersome enough to stop be from coming back again and again!
Terrible Service. I paid 24$ for  Fondue and when I asked for an extra fruit plate, they wanted to charge me another 5$. I just want to say that I paid 24$ for 3 strawberries and half banana. Service was crap. Never again. I don't know why it is so busy. Every max Brenner is on their phone texting their gfs and bfs instead of taking care of their customers. Bad service max Brenner... They wanted to charge me another $5 for the fondue fire! I cannot believe this.
I had heard good things from friends and was very excited to try this place. Surprisingly, we  didn't have  reservations, but were seated after only a 5 min wait on Valentine's Day! That counts for 1 of the 2 stars. 

Unfortunately, things went downhill.  The seating was really tight. My husband and I are both tall and our knees hit under the small table. The tables were so close together that I avoided going to the bathroom because there was no room for me to walk between the tables without pushing into the couple next to us, as we had to when we were seated. 

We waited about 5 minutes for a server to come take our drink order. He was civil. Not rude, not friendly. 
We ordered 2 milk shakes & waited 10 minutes for them. The white chocolate Cookie milkshake my hubby got was REALLY good. Counts for 2nd star. My $7.95 choco peanut butter milkshake was just as good as the $3.95 one from my local pizza place. We ordered chocolate pasta. They ran out of batter. 

We then ordered $13.95 sugar waffles with ice cream. The server seemed frustrated when I asked what flavors ice cream they had. Then we waited 15 minutes for our food. I was rather grumpy by this point, as were the couple next to us who had something wrong with both of their orders. 

When we got our ice cream, we needed to ask for spoons. The chocolate ice cream was smooth & creamy, but I expected an impressive chocolate flavor due to where we were. Nope. I did like the whipped cream. It was the real stuff. The waffles were still battery in the middle. I didn't want to send them back because I just wanted to leave by this point. I was so frustrated at the money we had wasted for a less than enjoyable experience. We spent $36 (includes tip) for 2 milkshakes and a shared dessert.
I had been stalking the Max Brenner website for about a month before it even opened, so last night I was extremely excited to finally taste one of the delicious desserts I had been salivating over for a few weeks. 

I went to dinner there with a friend. We both ordered the Southwest Caesar salad (the smaller portion), so we'd have plenty of room for a chocolatey dessert. The salad had a good flavor, and good ingredients; however, it would've been much better if it was cold (it was room temperature) and there wasn't so much dressing. But, like I said, it did have a good flavor. 

Now for the important part: dessert. I had already knew what I wanted to get for dessert, but looking through the extensive dessert menu is maddening, because EVERYTHING looks good. I chose the "Brown Heart". It was a warm chocolate cake with melted chocolate and peanut butter in the middle, served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, vanilla sauce, and these little chocolate candies. It was delicious! Warm chocolate cake and ice cream is such a perfect combination, and Max Brenner got it just right. 

My friend ordered the Banana Waffle. It was a belgian waffle with bananas, chocolate sauce, and toffee candies. This was served with MORE chocolate sauce, fresh berries, and a scoop of vanilla. This was also really good, but it was so sweet, I could only eat a couple of bites before going into sugar overload. 

Overall, it was good. I'm not sure it lived up to my expectations, but I will definitely be going back to try some more desserts! 

The ambiance is also really cute. You feel like you're in a special chocolate shop, and you can smell the sweetness from outside.
So where to begin with this place? After having a delightful dinner at Jones my fiance and I decided to check out Max Brenner. When we walked in we could notice that it was a tiny bit crowded and there were plenty of open tables, but it took the hostess a little bit to find the right table for "us". We were seated along the outer rim of the center of the place. It took around ten minutes for our waiter to even acknowledge us. At that point he said that he would be back in a second, which turned out to be another five minutes. When he finally came back he did the regular restaurant thing when they ask if you have ever been there before. We said no and he went into a whole thing about how we should spend more time on the dessert menu then the other one, and then took our drink orders, a water and a peach ice tea. He left before we could tell him that we were ready to order. After another five minutes of getting our drinks he was back and ready to take our order. We got the fondue trio for two, which came out almost immediately. The portions on this dessert are down right lousy. we had maybe half a banana chopped up with three strawberries, and in the other bowl four pieces of banana bread and four marshmallows. Needless to say this was not enough for two people. The "fondue" dipping chocolates were good but when we had run out of dippers we were let with three things of chocolate that were not even a quarter finished. We waited for the waiter to come back to ask about getting a refill on the dippers because for $21.99 we should get some free refills to eat the chocolate we paid for. When after watching our waiter go to every table but ours I went to the manager who informed me that they do not give free refills of the dippers and that it would be four dollars for a refill. It would have taken maybe four more refills to fully get the chocolate fix. Anyway, at that point I just asked the manager for the check. Our waiter finally brought the check, we paid and left.

Long story short:
TOO EXPENSIVE
WORST SERVICE I HAVE HAD IN PHILADELPHIA
Ok Max Brenner, I have a love-hate relationship with you! I love the chocolate and the desserts you offer but I hate the calories, but I guess that's not really your fault (or is it??). The desserts here truly are super delicious. I came for restaurant week and got the three course menu for lunch.  As the appetizer I got the spinach dip, the chicken Panini followed by the amazing crepe. The spinach dip was pretty standard nothing to get excited about but the one thing I didn't like were the chips for the dip. They tasted a little bit like they were bought at CVS. The chicken Panini on the other hand was pretty decent and it came with waffle fries. The only small complaint there was the fact that I only had three small waffle fries, I was sort of expecting more (maybe I had high hopes). Anyways, it was served really well on a nice little wood board. The best and my favorite part was the hazelnut crepe dessert I got. It really saved the meal and was well worth the money. It came with ice cream and little chocolate bites. Overall, definitely come here for dessert, that's what they are known for and that's what they are good at. If you order food don't expect the same quality as the dessert. Fun place to try out though!
Stopped here for a late-night drink and dessert, hoping for a casual, date-friendly place for a sweet nightcap. I wont say we didn't get that, but we certainly weren't impressed and certain elements (like the price) were actually quite off-putting.

The decor was kind of like a slightly moodier Starbucks: one is greeted by churning vats of (fake?) chocolate and the carefully organized gift shop by the door, a bad, vaguely chocolate-related mural took up one corner, fake quotes about the ego-maniacal Brenner covered the other walls. It wasn't oppressive, but it was certainly trying too hard. We were led to a nice little two-top pointing out on open window and our order was quickly taken.

Very quickly our cocktails (good booze, well-mixed, but not worth 10 bucks a pop) were brought out and, soon after, our chocolate fondue. We opted for the Trio: a molten toffee caramel and any two chocolate fondues (milk, dark, white) served with strawberries, bananas, banana bread, marshmallows, and little grill to roast them.

The chocolate was far too sweet for my taste: the white had a lovely cocoa butter flavor, but the dark wasn't that dark and the caramel had a very bland flavor. All of them hurt my teeth, their saccharine flavors overpowering the already sweet accoutrement. Those too were disappointing: the fruit was okay (I would have liked to see local strawberries, but it might be a little early for those) but the marshmallows tasted like your standard Jet-Puffed (what self-respecting confectioner doesn't make their own marshmallows?) and the banana bread was room temperature. at best, and uninspired. All the same, I would have been much happier with less, and more savory fondues with more, and more thoughtful choices to dip. 

I know there are entire worlds of chocolate connoisseurship, but the quality of the sweets at Max Brenner didn't even stand up to an ignoramus like me.

Naked Chocolate Cafe holds its position as my favorite late-night sweet spot in the city: cheaper, better, and its Rittenhouse location couldn't be closer. 

4/5 for service, a "meh" for the cocktails, but thumbs down for everything else.
The intense aroma of chocolate coupled with the current freezing weather sucked me and my sister into Max Brenner after shopping at Christmas/Holiday Village.

I did not try the food (who does??-lol)...but the HOT CHOCOLATE was delicious!  Me and my sis ordered "Hug Mugs" of Whipped Hot Milk Chocolate--such a cute concept, as cupping the mug will warm your hands on a brick cold day.

The decor is super cute too.  The playful sketches on the walls immediately takes you back to your carefree childhood. 

The food and dessert prices seem high (and so does the hot chocolate at $5.25 a mug), but this is such a cute place to take a vistor during the cold months.
Stopped in for dessert after dinner on Saturday night. The restaurant was full, but no one was at the bar, so we opted to sit there. We ordered the Baked Cookie Dream, essentially a giant cookie in a skillet topped with vanilla ice cream and drizzled in milk chocolate. It was incredible! The outsides were slightly crispy, while the inside was moist and gooey. We couldn't finish the whole thing between two of us!

It was also really impressive watching the bartenders make the unique drinks quickly and neatly! Would definitely return for dessert, maybe even dinner next time, since the food looked yummy as well!
What a HORRIBLE experience. I'm not sure if it's because we went on a Tuesday in the afternoon.. but still unacceptable. We brought my son for his 5th bday. 

We walked in and there was only 2 other people dinning in. There was no server at the front but there was 4 employees standing against the wall in the back near the bar. They all just stared at us. It was a very awkward 3 minutes that we waited for the server while being stared at. FINALLY one of the employees from the back wall came up to us and told us the greeter is missing. She seemed annoyed and told us that it's not her job and she just sat us right by the server desk without a care. Told us our waitress would be right over. 

Minutes past and the same girl came back to the table. She explained that the waitress that was suppose to help us was let go early and that she HAD to be our waitress. In her own words she basically told us she didn't want to be our server and wanted to go home. How welcoming. 

The service was very slow even though we had a table of 3 and there was only two other people eating there. The burgers were very good though as well as the chocolate milk, I will give them that. My son had the chocolate pizza and it was so gross. It tasted like they used the same pizza dough from the night before. It was so stale. Definitely not worth the price. 

The last thing... the bathrooms. Oh my god. Have you ever been in a septa train station bathroom? It smelled just like that.. or a off street Philadelphia elevator. Have they ever cleaned? The urine smell was god awful. There was no toilet paper hanging up and the trash was over flowing onto the ground. It was 2 o'clock on a Tuesday... how was there that much trash over flowing. It's like they never cleaned the bathroom from the night before. 

Giant let down. Wasn't so magical as we thought it would be. Never again.
This place proved true to what I was expecting: A DECADENT HEAVEN! Walked over from &pizza across the st and it hit all the right spots for my dessert craving. We sat at the bar area where we could still order the desserts. They also have a dinner menu which makes this a complete experience if you're looking for a perfect date night or a friend gathering.  We ordered the surprise tiramisu and it is the best I've ever had! The smooth and rich texture just melts in your mouth - and the fact that they add biscuits submerged in the tiramisu which gives it a little crispiness to it. We also ordered the big party platter with white and milk chocolate fondue. There were 10 of us and this was the perfect size (and we still had leftovers!). 

Have to give a s/o to the bartender who accommodated us. We were a party of 3 at first but slowly everyone started walking over from &pizza and it got very loud very quickly. But the bartender was very friendly and very  understanding of our frequent requests! Definitely coming here again, amazing desserts and very friendly staff
This restaurant is cool. Tons of chocolate items! We only came for dessert. We asked the waiter what his favorite fondue was and he said he didn't understand the question. There were four options and just wanted a little more then the menu description. We had the fondue set with peanut butter, Carmel, and raspberry jam. Don't ask why we were at a chocolate place and didn't get chocolate fondue, haha. They give you way more toppings than actual graham crackers and mash mellows. Messy that's for sure. Service was okay, nothing great. Didn't stay very long. It was just an okay experience.
Really disappointed. We had been wanting to go for years and finally we were able to make it happen. We had the onions rings as an app, I got the butternut squash and husband got the BALT and dessert we got the pizza. I only ordered an iced tea. With tip, our bill was ~$80. Nothing was outstanding that it was worth 40pp!

The entire time the cold wind from the door kept hitting us from the other side of the room. I had to wear my large winter coat the entire dinner. Good thing I'm not messy and didn't spill chocolate on my coat.

All in all... the food was good, but come on, definitely not $80. I'm a philly resident, I know philly prices and I definitely will not go back. There are other places I can spend $80 at
This place is a tourist trap. Both times I've visited, it has been insanely crowded and even if you make a reservation, expect to wait 30-45 mins. I don't like how when you walk in the door you're forced into their store and you have to climb over people to let the hosts know you're there for your reservation. This is what has happened both times I've visited Max Brenner.

Their chocolate martinis are to die for, even at $14 a pop. They come with a hazelnut crusted strawberry and its like a dessert in of itself. I wish they just had a bar because I would skip the food and just come for the chocolate martinis. 

I have a pet-peeve when a plate or platter is served to you and its bigger than the table top you're sitting at. Max Brenner does this. We had 3 people at a 4 top table and had to put all of our cool, but humongous plates on an angle to get them to fit. I can't imagine what it would have been like if we had a full table of 4. The place just gives you the constant feeling of being cramped to the point where you're running out of there after paying the check to get some fresh air.

The food is ok. The prices are a little high for pizzas and sandwiches, but they do give you a big portion to make up for it. Every dish incorporates chocolate to some extent, which is creative, but nothing really wowed me. 

I think this place needs to expand. Its too small for the amount of tables they have squeezed in, not to mention the chocolate store/waiting area in the front. Until then, or until they get a bar area for just chocolate martinis and other alcoholic drinks, I don't think I'll be squeezing back in here anytime soon.
Grabbed a late lunch during the week. They don't seem to offer a lunch menu. I got the Brenner Burger (med rare)- it was nothing special for what it cost. Also got a choc shake- I expected more for a place that is supposed to be a chocolate haven. 

I asked to sit at the bar.. The service I received from the person behind the bar almost left me feeling sorry for the restaurant. She barely knew what to recommend when I asked what signature dishes the restaurant had - and had to ask another person what their signature dessert was! She was all giggles with her other work buddies, but could barely make eye contact with me, let alone smile.  I usually tip 18-20% without problem because I realize the restaurant world can be grueling, but I had a hard time trying to find a reason to leave a tip.
We had a great time here during restaurant week. We ordered from the $35 special menu and had few add-ons too. Like the salted caramel milkshake with vanilla vodka! Yum! The Mrs. had the macaroni and cheese entree and I had the Brenner burger. Hold on, OUR WAITRESS BRITTANY WAS THE BEST!!! 

Ok back to the food and atmosphere. 

The food was really good and the place was really cozy. I mean really cozy, like tight cozy. The tables were a bit too small for my liking, but that doesn't take a away from the fun we had. They constantly swing pass and grab the dishes or whatever that's no longer being utilized. Cool. Overall we enjoyed ourselves. 

Here's the bad part of the night...I was sick when I got home. I wont go into details, but I wasn't good at all!! I don't know what it was. I've had plenty of alcohol infused milkshakes, even with bacon in them and I was fine. I didn't really eat much before we arrived, nor did I eat anything out of the ordinary. So I'm confused. I'm fine now and I even ate the left overs the next day! Sooooooooo I'll be back!
Wow! I was never expecting I would give a 1 star rating to Max Brenner. If I am going from a 5 star to a 1 star, just imagine what happened. Max Brenner - you totally dropped the ball this time! We went on a Saturday night - it was crowded (expected). We had a reservation, so we did not have any problems getting a table. 

We ordered one of my favorites - the chocolate truffle cake and a tiramisu thing. Both of them were so bad, I cannot even explain. I have had the chocolate truffle cake a lot of times here and this time it just felt like they microwaved a very old cake and served it to us. When we asked the waitress about it, she said, "the picture in the menu is deceiving".. okay! I am not expecting something exactly how it looks on the menu. But please try atleast a little bit. The choco lava cake thing you get in Pizza Hut or Dominos is much better compared to this one - not kidding!

The tiramisu was not super awesome. It was just like any other pudding. Nothing special about it. Well, if I am paying $14 for each of these, it better be good. Or else, why would I be here!

Anyway, I don't know what happened this time. I am never ever going back again..
I came here a couple of years ago and I thought this place was amazing! Good vibes and bomb dessert. Unfortunately, this place is not what it used to be. The service sucked, the portions were SO much smaller (and more expensive) than before, and the overall vibe was not the best. It was so loud, you didn't even want to stay for 15 minutes. We were in and out of this place very quickly.
My aunt and I are not from the area, so we (I) picked Max Brenner based off of its proximity to the hotel where we were staying and the 4.2 rating it had on OpenTable. Turns out that their rating here on Yelp is closer to a 3.5, which, given our experience, is still kind of generous. 

The first issue was the absence of an updated menu. OpenTable showed an extensive brunch menu, but the QR Code at the table takes you to a menu with maybe 10 food items total and then 5-7 desserts. We came looking for more breakfast-y fare and were kind of disappointed. The server (best part of the experience) said "yeah, we get that often" and was very apologetic. Someone should change it if this is a common complaint!

From there, my aunt ordered a waffle with fruit that she sent back after one bite, deeming it cold and not tasty at all. I got the cheesesteak waffle, which was much more gooey than I expected but not altogether terrible. She tried again and got a burger that turned out to only be lukewarm once she got to the middle. She didn't end up finishing it. 

They were out of several things, forcing the apologetic server to retrace his steps and offer substitutions, and the place wasn't heavily occupied at all. I've never been here, so not sure if these are post pandemic struggles or if this is indicative of the usual experience, but I can't say I'm super excited to return.
If you are a chocolate lover, definitely worth a visit. The chocolate martini was rich  and delicious. The tiramisu was decadent and the presentation was interesting. The kids pasta came with the tomato sauce in a big syringe and the kids were excited to squeeze it into the pasta and have the syringe as a souvenir. The chocolate milk shake was a little rich in taste for them. Prices are slightly on the higher side.
Admittedly I was only here for 10 minutes; chocolates in the front lobby looked promising too.

But after sitting down and ordering the fondue, our waiter proceeded to spill the fondue and the dripping wax from the candles all over my wife.  We obviously didn't have to pay for it, but once it happened, the waitstaff avoided us like the plague and we left without another word from management or anything.
I am a chocolate and dessert enthusiast, so I went to Max Brenner with a somewhat high expectation and was utterly disappointed. I ordered the classic hot chocolate, and the taste was comparable to that of an instant hot chocolate mix, definitely not worth the price. My boyfriend's salted caramel milkshake was a lot better. We also ordered the sharing fondue, and the only good components were the fried bananas, chocolate dipping sauce, and waffle. All the other components of the fondue were not that good. The chocolate fondue itself and chocolate barks were way too sweet that they were downright bad. As one Yelper mentioned, the chocolate fondue tasted like melted cheap milk chocolate bars (we ordered dark... ahem... hence too sweet). The waffle fries, on the other hand, were delectable.
Service was above average, but a little bit slow at times. The ambiance was decent, but our table for 2 was so tiny it barely fit the sharing fondue.
Afterward I bought some Max Brenner bon-bon from the parlor by the entrance, and they were okay. Nothing exceptional, really.
Overall 2.5 stars. I was going to give Max Brenner 3 stars instead of 2, but considering it's a pricey establishment, the foods should have been a lot better and uniformly good.
I wish I could say I was super impressed with this place, really wanted to be, but eh, I wasn't. It's very beautifully decorated on the inside and the warm lighting helps create a welcoming environment as you walk in. 

When we arrived on a Sunday afternoon, it was pretty loud and busy as one would expect--lots
of families with small children, no big deal. We hadn't made a reservation so did not expect to be seated right away. The hostess was on a phone call and what we believe was a second hostess walked by a few times before actually greeting and seating us. We sat in a table that felt a little cramped by the window, but were content that we could people watch everyone outside. 

My boyfriend ordered the Chocolate Surprise Tiramisu and I ordered the Banana Split Waffles. I'd say these items were a bit overpriced at $13-$14 each. There was nothing that really stood out about them. The tiramisu tasted like a vanilla pudding with chocolate in it, and the banana split waffles were just very sweet waffles covered in warm bananas and ice cream.
Let my start out by saying this is a dessert place. And they do dessert well. We came for a late snack. Hot chocolate and a churro taco waffle.
The hot chocolate was good. I got the spicy Mexican hot chocolate with a dark chocolate base. The churro taco waffle was the star of the show! The cleanliness of the bar was lacking, as well as the menus. But as for the dessert, it was really good! I can see this restaurant being a tourist trap though. Stick with the dessert.
Max Brenner, we need to talk.

I came here recently for dessert and wine, the last leg of a fun little anniversary date. Boyfriend and I shared s'mores. 10 standard graham crackers, 10 run-of-the-mill marshmallows, 4 dipping sauces (which were delicious, I'll give you that), and a burner to toast the marshmallows.

$20.

Max Brenner, you have always been a little on the pricey side, but this - this is just nonsense.

Plus for $20 s'mores, no one should have to get up to get their own water refills, especially if the restaurant is empty.
I like the ambiance of this place. I went here after a business meeting and we had a menu with pre-selected items of which we were given the opportunity to sample each item. Outside of the waffle fries being a hard, The food was good. The presentation of the food was nice too. We sampled all of their mini sliders (the cheese steak and burgers were my favorite - they also had pork and chicken.)

The staff was friendly, I'd say go here on a date for a nice romantic setting. Something about that place just oozes romance. I didn't have the opportunity to stay for the dessert portion of the evening, but from what I heard from colleagues  it was very delicious. They also had "hug mugs" which appear to be nifty little mugs they use for hot beverages which also doubles as unofficial hand warmers. Very quaint charming little place.
This place looks so inviting from the street, but seriously, keep walking. 

We had planned to eat somewhere else, but the wait was long, so we decided to get this place a try. 

First of all, I felt dizzy in there. The set-up of the restaurant is not at all cozy. The decor is too manic or something. I love color and am fine with crazy design, but holy hell. Just. No. Despite the restaurant being mostly empty on a Monday evening, the hostess sat us at one of the tables on the circle around the middle of the restaurant. The table is too small to sit a menu and a drink on at the same time. I literally had to put the menu on my lap when our drinks were delivered to keep from spilling anything. 

The potato skins are admittedly DELICIOUS. But after they were delivered, I found myself asking my dining companion 35 minutes later whether we were actually going to eat or not. The dining room was empty. There is no excuse for taking 45+ minutes to make two plates of pretty straight-forward food. 

We got the lemon chicken and a burger. Everything was okay. The chicken was overcooked. I guess that's what they were using all that downtime for. 

The chocolate is not noteworthy enough to be the namesake of the whole establishment. It's too sweet. I love chocolate. And I'd still like to try one of their fondues, but I probably won't ever go back here unless someone I like really begs me and offers to buy me shit.
I haven't eaten at Max Brenner, and I've only had one of their chocolates - which was fine, considering I like the idea of eating chocolate much more than I enjoy the actual experience.

I'm writing this review solely because I find it invariably fascinating that you can 1) eat dinner 2) get dessert 3) buy a box of chocolates and 4) buy BATH PRODUCTS all in one spot. 

And damn, that cocoabutter lotion smells fantastic. It's like Axe for women...that and the exfoliating chocolate scrub. Not only do you get to slough off all those terrible epithelial cells, but you also get to smell like something so enticingly edible. Yeah. Max Brenner is a winner.
this review is solely for DESSERT DRINKS

i love to come in here for a night cap for their white russian or kahlua drink. it's so delicious but definitely on the pricier side ($13 a drink) but if you're a fan of sweets, you'll love their white russian or kahlua drink; presented very nicely and delicious.
My boyfriend and I ordered the sharing fondue, which came with two choices of chocolate for dipping (we picked milk and dark. I usually like dark chocolate, but milk tasted better with the food). 

It was a lot of fun to make our fondue items. There was strawberry, banana (which we substituted instead of chocolate bark), marshmallow, chocolate sponge cake, waffle topped with whipped cream and strawberries, and a chocolate cheesecake crepe. The crepe was probably my favorite item. I wasn't a huge fan of the sponge cake or the waffle, which tasted kind of bland. I've had their specialty waffles before, which I like better.

Overall, the fondue experience was fun but if I wanted to really taste great dessert, I'd want to order the individual waffles or crepes to eat instead. Still, a fun date idea!
When you walk in and are hit with the smell of chocolate right away, you know you are in for a treat.  The food here is excellent, and you cannot go wrong with a chocolate martini!  A little expensive, but I would say it is worth it.  The portions are pretty large, and the staff is friendly, food is always on point and delicious...drinks are also great (my favorite is the chocolate martini, but all of the other cocktails I have tried are awesome as well).  I have never had a bad experience here.  A great tactic is to come with people and share a large savory plate and the chocolate pizza or a fondue.  Make sure you get a side of waffle fries! The sweet items are really rich, so that is why I suggest going share-sies with someone or just indulging and ordering two items.
"Chocolate is the substitute for love and will always be there for you" my menu told me. My inner fat kid wanted to hug the menu. 

I sat at the bar and ordered an Italian Thick Dark Hot Chocolate. My friend got the regular Dark Hot Chocolate, but asked if it came with a marshmallow on top like in the picture. The guy behind the counter told her not normally, but he'd get one for her. He came back with our drinks and actually gave her two marshmallows because they were smaller than the photo.. totally won points. 

The staff, or at least our server, really knows their chocolate. He seemed genuinely happy to recount his favorites and to give suggestions. (I guess its not hard to like your job when it involves delicious treats)

The hot chocolate comes in these cute little "hug mugs" that you have to sort of cradle to drink out of. A simple and adorable little touch. Not to mention, the drink itself hit the spot.

The rest of the menu looks fantastic, albeit sort of expensive. But I have no issue paying for higher-end chocolate.

They also have a Patron happy hour with $5 mixed drinks that I really need to try. 

If you need stocking stuffers, or random presents, the restaurant's shop to the right of the entrance is worth looking at. They've got treats, gift baskets, hot chocolate with mugs, and other options.
The food was delicious and totally worth the price. I had a club sandwich which came with the waffle fries dusted in cocoa & chili powder. Dip those in the chipotle mayo that comes with it... yum yum yum. When we finally got to desert, I was ready for some chocolate. I ordered a chocolate & peanut butter something but let me tell you... by the end of that I was chocolated ooout. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious. But I must say the desserts are very expensive for what they give you. Definitely nice for a date.

The service though is not very attentive. Our waitress only visited our table once & didn't even refill our drinks. Tisk tisk!
Reminds me of Cheesecake Factory, with better drinks.

As this place is focused on chocolate, it smells strongly of chocolate and this place is probably 80% women.  Friendly service but slow.....  I wouldn't go again, unless forced to my chocolate-ravenous women friends of mine.
Eh. This place was fine. The service was fine. The atmosphere was fine. My chocolate pizza was good. I'm glad I went. But it was more novelty to me than anything. I'm really into chocolate, but wasn't blown away by this place.

How often do I really want to eat chocolate pizza? 
I could probably go without it for the rest of my life.

Do I really want to spend big bucks on fancy chicken at a place that specializes in chocolate pizza? No.

Go once. So you can say you ate chocolate pizza.
For Max Brenner only having 3 locations, I thought my first experience here would have been out of the world, but sadly, it wasn't. 

I came here with my bf after dinner last Friday night, and although I reserved a table, I easily could have walked in without a reservation. There were many tables available. We only came here for dessert having eaten somewhere else already and thank god we did because the table we were seated at was so tiny. Since we were still full off of dinner, we decided to just order 2 hot chocolates. My bf ordered the 'Mocha', and I ordered the 'Belgian'. We both chose dark chocolate, and when our hot chocolates came out, the presentation was wonderful. After I got passed the whipped cream on my Belgian hot chocolate, I was expecting a milky drink. Instead, I was literally drinking melted dark chocolate. Rewind time about 15 years, and I would have loved this. But now with my sensitive teeth and health conscious self, I absolutely hated my drink. We asked for 2 little pints of milk but even that didn't help. The mocha was good and actually tasted like a hot chocolate so I definitely recommend that. 

All in all, I heard mixed reviews about all of the other desserts but will still come again to MB to try them. Just don't get the Belgian Hot chocolate (unless you like to drink straight chocolate).
So Max Brenner in NYC is a bit of an institution.  It's well established - has the same menu, and is pretty well executed.  NOT great.  NOT really all that special - and in a city of many great restaurants and bakeries and dessert spots - I don't think it stands out too well in NYC beyond being a kitschy tourist joint.  Though many new yorkers love it.  Why?! I don't entirely know. 

I think that the way I'd describe the NYC location is the same way I'd describe the Philadelphia chain.  It isn't great.  There are MANY other wonderful restaurants, bakeries, and dessert spots around - and so very close by, that going to Max Brenner just seems to be a waste of money. 

Additionally, EVERY TIME I go there - I get the WORST SERVICE! 

So why bother any longer? I probably won't. I don't really plan on going back...
Dessert review only.

Walking into Max Brenner was like falling into the chocolate river at Charlie's Chocolate Factory. Scents of cocoa engulfed the entryway and even seeped out of the door to allure passerbys. It sure did the trick for us.

We came here to enjoy the dessert and we did just that. We ordered the Urban S'mores Fondue and it were amazing! You toast your own marshmallows and they provide you with 4 dipping sauces: milk chocolate, peanut butter, caramelized bananas, and raspberry puree. It was quite expensive, but worth it since I was visiting a friend in town and she's worth it!

Not sure why you would come here for dinner--it looked very expensive.
"If you're looking for a place that can please your chocolate needs, then this is the place for you". In Spite of that, Max Brenner's didn't "please" me all too well. The food is of little quantity for the prices and i wasan't satisfied with the taste either. The service was nice and welcoming but the waiter i had gave me the wrong order. I do love the desserts though. If you ever decide to come here, buy a dessert or else it won't be worth your time. The tables are cramped and the place is usually rather busy. All in All, come here once for the experience, but don't make it a pattern of a place to eat.
I love, love, love chocolate and when Max Brenner first opened I was in awe. "Really? A restaurant serving nothing but chocolate?" Well, no. It turns out that they also serve sandwiches and other food but I was still very excited at the thought of the chocolate. 

The Good: Well, me and a friend went when they first open and I was not feeling the interior whimsical decorations. I understand the touristy wonderland it's trying to portrait ala Willy Wonka but the quotes and decor made it feel more like an insane asylum. It's not comfortable, I would even say it gives me a headache, but enough about that. 

The menu is enormous with a branch of salty food but a bible of chocolate related drinks and desserts. It's impressive. We ordered the much recommended chocolate pizza, the S'mores Concoction and for good measure, an order of the Best B.A.L.T sandwich that comes with a side of waffle fries.

The server came back and told us they ran out of bread, so they will give us a half order of sandwich and comped one of the dessert we ordered. I'm always happy with free food. The sandwich that came was still a respectable size and I wouldn't have known if the server didn't tell me it wasn't a full order. On top of that it tasted good. I was especially impressed with the waffle fries that was dusted with cocoa and chili powder. The chocolate pizza was a fun creation, but I wasn't particularly enthralled. The s'more concoction has different components all separated and put in little chemical set vials that was quite cute and fun to eat. Taste-wise is not bad but I think the important part is that we had fun playing and tasting different combinations with chocolate.  Afterwards I started recommending the place to friends because I had fun and I always advocate for free food. Until...

The Bad: My close friend went to that place with his friends of 10. It was a big table and they all ordered. Thirty minutes after ordering and all his friends got their food, the waiter came over to tell him that what he ordered was not available. Seems like they had ran out of some ingredients again. They offered to comp his food but since he hasn't touched anybody else's food he thought it to be unfair to comp someone else's food when he's the only one being affected. All he had was a bottle of wine and the server seems to be unwilling to compensate that until the manager came over and discussed in length. He had a very bad experience.

I don't understand how a place can run out of ingredients that many times. There seems to be some management issues and even though the quality of the chocolate might not be superior, it still seems to be a fun place to be. In between diets.
Max Brenner is the shit. I don't care how lacking in proper vocabulary that seemed, but I cannot describe it any other way. I love how if you want a delicious hot cup of hot chocolate but you cannot stay and eat; you simply walk to the back and get something to go. I am not a chocolate fan, which is weird since I love MB so much. As a kid, I have always hated everything chocolate and artificial. At Max Brenner, I feel what I am eating is not processed (yes there is such a thing) chocolate and every bite counts. Honestly though, in my 2 years of living in Philadelphia, I have never gotten a single thing on that menu that was not in the desserts section. It is not even worth it since the sweets are filling, delicious, and practical to choose as a main course. With the dark setting and the beautiful environment, I sometimes feel like I am eating in a Steven Starr restaurant.
The fiance and I have come to Max Brenner just for dessert on a few occasions now, and have enjoyed the experience each time. This time around, however, we decided to give Brenner a try for dinner to see if the food stacks up to the dessert, and surprisingly it does!

First of all, the answer is NO, their food does not all incorporate chocolate! This seems to be a common misconception, which I think turns people away from trying a meal here. I decided to go with the Brenner Burger, cooked medium, which also came with a side of waffle fries. The burger was great, cooked just right and really good with this "special" bbq sauce they have. One thing that took it up a notch, in my opinion, was to spread some of the chipotle mayo they give for the fries onto it! Speaking of, the fries were great! They sprinkle them with chili and cocoa powder (yes, ok they do incorporate chocolate in some of their food, but in no way does it hurt), and they taste awesome with that dipping sauce! My only complaint, however, would be that they don't give enough fries on the side...oh yeah, my fiance got a Greek salad, which according to her was really good to!

Of course, no trip to Max Brenner would be complete without ordering dessert! We decided to order (what we thought would be) their ice cream popsicles, which come with things to add. But it turns out they no longer offer that exact item, even though it is still on the menu. Instead, they offer the ice cream (vanilla) in a waffle cone, with chocolate sauce, chocolate wafer balls, and white chocolate shavings to add as you want. All in all, this dessert was GREAT, I mean come on who doesn't love a waffle cone with vanilla and chocolate? 

Great service, to with great food and and even better desserts, and I'm definitely sold on this place!
