Hey, my fellow yelp fam!
Honestly I come to Max's for the experience on top of the good cheese steak. Although the service and food takes literally what feels like an hour, it's still worth going way up olney to have. 
My personal advice about Max's is going early as possible, getting takeout, or ordering and leaving to run a quick errand nearby. Don't wait in line unless you just don't mind the long wait. Oh and don't dare ask for toppings last minute once it's time to wrap your sandwich unless you want trouble. 
And if you happen to need some random headphones, socks, laundry detergent, or sixers tickets, there's always someone walking through selling those items. Where they store it all no one knows, but back to the review.
Max's doesn't skimp on the amount of steak. The prices went up a little bit since my last visit over 8 months ago, but the quantity / quality for your buck is still there. I used to be able to eat a whole cheese steak to myself, but now-a-days, I just split one with ppl I make go up there with me lol. 4 stars only because the wait time is terrible, but overall I still love Max's once in a blue moon.

So if anyone ever wants to go to Max's to split a cheesesteak, let me know! :-) 

#cheesesteaksandheadphones
Now, this is where the party and true Philly Cheesesteak is at!! 

Don't waste your time going all over the city, unless you want to just waste your gas and money.  Max's Steaks serves up a proper Philly Cheesesteak and is one of the best I've had during the many times visiting Philly.  And, they have the lines of Philly locals and tourists stretching out the door to prove it.  

As a general guide, whenever you are looking for good food native to a city or area....always follow the locals!!  You will never be misguided...trust. The locals pack this place more than the tourist or out-of-towners visiting.

What makes this place special is the nostalgic throwback, neighborhood feel and vibe to it; especially the bar.  Yes!...There is a bar  (Bonus..Yelp Star!) in the establishment that is just as alive with Neighborhood folks hanging out and people enjoying their food and drinks. It's nothing fancy, by any means, but there is a lot of love in the place, great music and the food is "Oh!, So damn good!"  This, I will kid you not. 

My friend and I stopped in here, after learning about Max's Steaks from our Uber driver. At first we had reservations, but the minute you walk in and see the juicy mounds of round-eye steak being grilled and seasoned to perfection and the stock piles of sub sandwich bread being toasted..you know its about to go down!

We ordered cheesesteaks only, as everyone in line said..."that's all you would need!"  And, they were right. We placed our orders and in a few short minutes...the goods were given to us. Let me be the first to tell you, I was shocked at the size of these things!!

Picture this, we ordered two "half" cheesesteaks, but when the cashier was bringing the sandwiches to us....I swear she was carrying two newborn babies...wrapped and swaddled in blanket!  These things were huge!! lol

We were planning to take them back the the Airbnb to enjoy them, but couldn't resist!  We ate them bad boys on prem!  We found an open booth in the bar area of the establishment... and began to feast.  And, the verdict?!....It was everything a man could ask for!  The sandwiches were full of juicy, seasoned meat, loaded with toppings....oooozing with cheese..,.and oh so good!   My mouth is watering, just think about it....as I write this review. 

My friend and I were completely satisfied. She and I were high-fiving and moaning in the booth where we were sitting the entire time...with each bite.  I am sure everyone was wonder what was going down in booth #4....if you catch my drift. lol

In all, this place is more than an experience.  It's an institution.  Great food, service, down-home appeal and the people working their make it unique...to quintessential Philly. The neighborhood is a little sketch, but by all means safe. If your looking for the real Philly Cheesesteak experience...no frills...just good food and even strong libation from the bar attached...look no further!!  You have found the right place!
I'm a born in Philly resident of over 3 decades and not once had I tried a cheesesteak from Max's. What's wrong with me?!? Anyway, I ordered a chicken cheesesteak, my friend got a cheesesteak.  Each cost about $8.75. We also ordered a smooth bitch (mixed fruit, slushy, pink drink) I thought was too strong but I guess as it melted it watered it down. It was pretty good.

My friend said her cheesesteak was good. I'm going to say my chicken cheesesteak was bangin! So far the best "chicken" cheesesteak I've eaten. Mayo, fried onions, salt and pepper with provolone cheese.

There was no long wait. I came around 4pm on a Tuesday. We ate in the restaurant/bar. There's a jukebox and I could tell there were some 80's and 90' hiphop heads. Cool place for afterwork, but no happy hour specials until 5.
So ever since they were in Creed, it's been on my radar to come here. I was up this way yesterday, and decided it was time. 

This is a really good cheesesteak. Good amount of meat. Not dry at all. Not too tender. Not too rubbery. The meat had a nice feel to it. And the onions caramelized on the grill with it infused a nice flavor. 

They used a straight Amoroso roll here. Nothing fancy. But it didn't have to be. I'm more of a Sarcone's kind of guy. But nothing wrong with this. 

On my cheesesteak top 10 list, they are now in my top 5.  

1. John's 
2. D'Alessandros
3. Philip's 
4. Tony Luke's 
5. Max's 
6. Joe's
7.  Jim's 
8. Steve's
9. Pat's 
10......

You'll have to see my next review to see who just claimed the 10 spot.
Since I'm not from North Philly I hadn't heard of Max's until I saw it in the movie Creed. I finally made it there for Kevin Hart Day, with Kevin Hart himself making an appearance at his favorite cheesesteak spot. I had the basic Max's cheesesteak, which includes mayo, american cheese, and onions. Although service was slow it was worth the wait. A perfectly cooked, deliciously juicy authentic Philly cheesesteak. The steaks here are huge, so a half steak is good enough for most people. You can't claim to know all the best cheesesteak spots if you haven't been to Max's!
This is the best place in Philly to get a cheese steak and the experience was priceless. They said cash only FYI so go to the ATM first they do have ATM inside but it was blocked by the massive line. The line was ridiculously long  and chaotic in a small space. Be prepared to wait because it seems to take forever and a day just to get a philly cheese steak, however it is super large plus good and we was able to split it three ways. The staff were friendly and even joked around with us while we waited in line and they restocked items. They have this bar or club next-door where you can sit down to eat your food. You can even get a drink with your cheesesteak. The great part is that you can shop or get several items without even leaving your seat. Several people come inside and sale all kinds of goodies such as earbuds, clothes, etc.  If you do step outside there's people who have tables set up who sell laundry detergent, soap, etc. Its a one stop shop! It's a busy area so there's a lot of people in and out and around the corner, but a definite place to visit in Philly. The atmosphere reminded me of south Chicago.  As a foodie I recommend.
Who: my husband and I. We're from California, we've never had a Philly cheesesteak. Clearly tourists, no idea where to start. But we knew going to Pat or Gino's was not the answer. 

When: Sunday November 18th, at around 11:50am. Small line of about 4 people in front of us. Moved along perfectly fine. I liked watching everyone customize their cheesesteak. 

Conundrum: how do you choose which place to goto?! Read reviews and try to find the most passionate positive reviews. 

Where do I begin. The location: so much rich history and character, the epicenter of icons: Creed, Kevin Hart and all the hard working citizens of Philly. The staff: fun, full of life, friendly, edgy, great! 

THE CHEESESTEAK: Served Hot, super fresh, loaded, custom made however you like. Gigantic. I'm dying for the provolone cheese, beef, peppers, mayo, lettuce and tomato combo. They come in a half size or small, about 12 inches, and a large size or whole order about 24 inches. My husband and I shared a large. They were able to apply mayo to my half (12") and not to his. I really appreciate that touch. The meat was juicy, perfectly cooked-- tender, not dried up and over fried like a lot of other places do. They use sirloin steak. It's all good. 

Once you order you can eat there at their bar next door that is connected. We ordered slushy's and water.

There is nothing to be afraid of, it is not very sketchy. People are respectful. There weren't any loitering beggars nearby, everyone was there to eat! I would go in the daytime simply just to give the food enough time to digest. Maybe night time is a different story. But truly it's a busy intersection, just a stones throw away from temple university and it's really quite safe. Check out the fresh mural of Kevin hart. 

Bonus: I took my philly friend here and her friends were so happy we went because they all swear by it being the best cheesesteak. 

Private parking lot with tons of spots for Max's. Cash only. About a $8 Lyft for two from 30th street station.
I feel a little torn about writing this review.

I don't even live in Philly, but I kind of feel the need to protect Max's. I don't want it to become insanely popular and eventually hear its name mentioned in the same sentence as Pat's, Geno's, and Jim's. But at the same time, it would be a shame for any food enthusiast to not experience the greatness that is Max's. 

If bread and beef were to procreate in heaven, this cheesesteak would be their progeny. The boyfriend and I ordered the regular-sized cheesesteak, better known as the "giant." A cheesesteak at Jim's is about half the size of this giant. It truly is massive...about 2 feet long and ridiculously overstuffed. 

The cook (who was so friendly and really funny) knew the second we walked in that we were absolute cheesesteak noobs. We told him we were visiting and that we trusted him to construct our cheesesteak. He proceeded to slather a huge scoop of mayo onto the bread and then laid down slices of American cheese and of course, Whiz. Next, he chopped up a huge pile of meat into perfectly sized bits on the grill, and then smothered the bread with the beef, sweet and hot peppers, and mushrooms. The whole sandwich was then put back on the grill. The grill master puts LOVE into his creations. Yes, you have to wait a bit to get your cheesesteak here, but in the end, it's so worth it. 

The hot peppers are an absolute must; they added a great kick to the overall flavor. The beef here is just seasoned to perfection, and the bread was so soft and sopped up all the meaty juice. I've heard/read some people say that the meat here is dry, but I didn't think so. Be sure to grab tons of napkins and a fork to pick up all those delicious bits that are sure to come out of your sandwich with every bite you take. 

We went around 12:30 on a Saturday afternoon, and even then, you could tell that this neighborhood isn't the greatest. We definitely didn't feel like we were in any danger or anything, though. This is real Philly, an area where tourists don't really venture out to, and you know what? That's fine by me. I'd like to keep Max's my little secret.
Finally made it to the infamous Max's Steaks...

While this spot has been around for years the movie Creed made it more popular and touristy. It's located on the corner of a urban area in North Philly. The outside isn't the prettiest. Extremely small parking lot located next door. You have to rely on street parking if you strike out. A bus stop is directly in front of Max's as well as the street car stop a few feet away so be prepared to possibly deal with some interesting personalities on your way in.

I felt like I had the luck of good timing when I pulled up because I didn't see a line going out the door and around the corner....little did I know that this just the beginning! When you enter you will see signs that say "order here" and "pay here". However, it can get a little confusing to those that don't know the "process". 

You kinda have to step back and wait around for them to call you once you sandwich is ready for the toppings. In the meantime you are hoping and praying that they don't confuse people and orders because it's not like they are relying on a number/name system or something. It's all about "hey you, you're next" type of thing. 

I decided to snap a quick picture of the steak/onions being cooked on the grill. The cook kinda dodged out of the way of the pic, gave me a strange look and said "Where are you from sweetie?" I said "From Maryland, why what's up?" Again he looks at me side-eye and another worker yells out "WE DON'T LIKE PICTURES UP IN HERE!" Now y'all Yelpers know me right?! So, I looked at him and said oh really!? Well, where is the sign for that? Where is the sign that says no pics?! I'm like y'all have 50 gazillion other signs in here that scream "NO TIPS" "NO TIPPING" BUT YET AND STILL I CLEARLY SEE YOU EXCEPTING TIPS FROM CUSTOMERS?!!? And I'm not even going to get started on the other pics that are already on Yelp AND the few Youtube videos I came across of people recording getting there food made! Who does that? LOL Oh ok, clearly that's how they roll here. I have no problem with respecting how they feel about pictures being taken. What I do have a problem with is that you clearly know this a tourist attraction mainly due to you allowing them to film part of a movie here and you have all these no tipping signs...MAKE A SIGN OR TWO THAT SAYS "NO PICTURES ALLOWED!" or even "NO LOITERING" for all of your "friendly" people that linger around your spot. I mean geesh, signs are not super expensive to order and install! SMH! This bothered me BUT I remained optimistic for good food and chalked it up to where I was...

So, I decided to just sip my tea, wait patiently on this steak and cheese and hope and pray it's not as dry as the steak was looking on the grill cause it look like it was being overcooked. There were 3 people in front of me waiting for there food...it literally took about about 30 minutes for my order to be ready! For the life of me I can't understand what takes so long...the steak is basically already cooked. All you are doing is melting cheese, adding toppings, cut, wrap and out you go. I would understand the wait more if the food was being prepared as order but it is not.

Last but not least; 2 sandwiches came up to almost $20.  Gave the cashier the $20, she gave a nice smile with that same look she gave the other customers that were tipping IN SPITE OF THE "NO TIPPING" SIGN! I left a tip in spite of what had happened SMH I sssooo wanted to say "Can I get pic of that?!?" just for the hell of it?! LMAO! 

My sandwich was good but the meat was too overcooked for me. It was seasoned very well but just way too overcooked. North Philly is a little out of the way from where I usually go and unfortunately nothing about this sandwich made me want to drive all the way back here...
If you're looking for a traditional cheesesteak, come here! Don't allow the location to deter you! As soon as we walked in, they were aware they were tourist because we were taking pics and calling them Philly's instead of simple cheesesteaks. The cooks were friendly and joked around with us, especially with our southern accents. 

Here are a few things I believe you should know when ordering a cheesesteak from Max's:
1. Don't call it a Philly (you'll sound like a tourist)
2. Don't take a billion pics (you'll look like a tourist)
3. Know what kind of meat you want. Chicken or steak
4. Know what size you want, half or whole. Our uber driver told us that we would only be able to eat half of a half. She was right. A half is about a foot long and a whole is about twice its size. 
5. Know what toppings and condiments you want to add: mayo, ketchup, cheezewiz, onions, peppers, or jalapeños. 
6. Always add cheesewiz! 
7. Always have cash. They only accept cash, but they have an ATM in the restaurant 
8. Keep it moving or go to the Clock Bar or Eagle Bar for Music and drinks. All three are owned by the same person. 

Overall, I enjoyed my experience. The cheesesteak was cooked perfectly and the toppings added to the deliciousness.
My quest for the best cheesesteak is officially over now. This place here is hell!! The meat they put on your cheesesteak is outrageous!! I needed a fork to help me eat it. The flavor was there and everything is on point. 

I've found out something. North Philly and South Philly has a different variation. South Philly is on the cheez whiz kick and North Philly isn't on that as they like to give you the choice of real cheese on your sandwich. I'll head back over here before I leave to go back home. After eating this, I don't even want anybody else's cheesesteak, REAL TALK!!! This is MY SPOT now!!!
Two  things -- 

1. I LOVE that because of 'Creed' Max's is finally getting the love and respect that it deserves
2. I HATE that now -- it's a tourist attraction.

BUT, overall the corner of Broad and Erie is the best cheese steak you're gonna get in Philly period! 

The reality is that this is not your typical, hipster, free range, organic BS. It's connected to a neighborhood bar and the service is as such. Just go in, get your steak, turn down the Muslim oils when they try to sell them to you, and leave.

I guarantee you'll be a happier camper!
In town for Army/Navy and the search was on to find the best cheesesteak in Philly.  After failed attempts at Steve's (near our hotel) and Lincoln Financial Field (during the game), we decided to venture on up to North Philly on Sunday to see what Max's had to offer.  After all, it was recently featured in the new Rocky movie "Creed".

I can count on one hand the number of Philly-based cheese steak joints that have impressed me. I've been to all the well-known hyped-up spots and a handful of the more obscure ones.  When it's all said and done, this North Philly stalwart ranks right up near the top of cheesesteak glory.

It's a small location, with just enough space to place your order and wait to be checked out. Once you've picked up your order, there are tables in an adjoining bar area to enjoy your sandwiches.  This place keeps it about as real as real gets.  Nothing more than a corner shop in the hood with no frills, catering mostly to locals.  You have to pay cash and there's plenty of street parking nearby.  

After being guided by the regulars on the ordering process, I ordered the whole cheesesteak (sharp provolone, 'wit)---it was gargantuan.  Men of lesser stature and women/children should think twice before ordering this bad boy.

The steak was juicy and well-seasoned, with the funky hit of sharp provolone making each bite absolutely delightful. The meat was high quality and well-seasoned, with a proper mix of fried onions. But better yet, the Amoroso rolls brought everything together for near-perfection. Hands down, it cracks my "Top 3" for best in Philly.

The only reason Max's doesn't get the coveted 5 star rating:  the long wait.  There were about 5 people in front of us, but we still had to wait a solid 30 minutes.  Well worth it in my opinion, but totally unnecessary.

If you're looking for a high-quality cheese steak, obviously stay away from Pat's and Geno's. Max's will set you right---take the extra time to head up to North Philly and make sure to bring cash. You won't be disappointed!
Don't take this sentence as racist or anything, but I knew when I walked in that the food here would be the bomb because I was the only non-black person in line. 

I made the mistake of ordering a "whole" rather than a "half" thinking they'd be the equivalent of 12 and 6 inches, respectively. I WAS WRONG. A "whole" was freakin' 20 inches and lasted me 3 meals because it was overloaded with so much meat! 

The chef cooks it right in front of you and if you're lucky, he'll do some spatula tricks like those done by hibachi chefs. Price-wise and taste-wise, the cheesesteak here was head and shoulders above the ones at Geno's and Pat's. The only thing I would have changed was saying "yes" when the chef asked me if I wanted ketchup. Get it on the side or something cause you don't want the ketchup to take away from the meat flavor.
Max's has a great Cheesesteak! It's in a tough neighborhood, but nowadays sadly that describes a lot of places in Philly, especially along Broad street. I found out from an food informant that Max's buys his Cheesesteak meat from Harry Ochs in the Reading Terminal Market and they only sell U.S. Prime Beef (the best!) I was told that Freddy the Reading Terminal's very own utility man, takes the steak to Max's everyday via Broad street Subway. Well it works for me, the Steaks are Delicious and grease less and they pile on the meat even at one o'clock in the morning. Just have someone to watch your back and your car to be safe! Maybe I'm exaggerating some but be careful anyway and you'll be quite surprised and satisfied with Max's Cheesesteaks. Steer away from the Hoagies!
Forget New York, these steaks are what dreams are made out of. You aint everyday hustlin' till you get some of this. (Btw, Rick Ross, aka Officer Ricky, is the police but he loves this place so we'll give him a free pass)

Back to Max's. Best steaks in Philly. Edges out Chink's. I saw the massive amounts of meat they were piling on as I waited for mine, so I expected that to be good. But two things surprised me:

1. The bread - most underrated part of a cheese steak. This is where places like Dalessando's gets crushed by Max's (Pat's and Geno's aren't even in the same city as the conversation... uh... figure of speech). I can't even describe the bread Max's uses - it fits the meat and just gets it done.
2. The spice - I asked for some peppers and hot sauce on mine and this was pretty legit hot sauce. It hit the spot on hot.

They do sorta take their sweet time making the steaks, but it is no doubt worth the wait. You can't rush art.

Now the real question is... if this is the best steak joint in Philly, is it the best in the world?
When tourists ask me where to get a good cheesesteak, I tell them that you have to go in the neighborhoods. Well, this is no exception. Max's is not just in one of the neighborhoods, it's in THE hood. Is it worth the risk? Hell yeah..For those of you who may be a lil' nervous about going to North Philly for heaven on a roll, I advise you go during the daylight hours.
 
Max's cheesesteaks are one of the best cheesesteaks spots in the city. Nowadays, (since I don't eat beef) I order chicken cheesesteaks. Real chunks of chicken on long amoroso rolls . OMG. When you order one and see the size, you may think you want to share, but when you bite into this philly delicacy, you kind of forget those silly thoughts. 
 
For those of you who have never ordered a cheesesteak in Philly, the most popular thing to put on it is: "Saltpepperketchupfriedonionsandmayonnaise" that's salt, pepper, ketchup, fried onions and mayonnaise. PRACTICE.

When you slide to the left to pay the cashier, order a six pack a beer why don't you? If you want an authentic Philly cheesesteak, Max's is the place to go.
One of the best spots in philly for a cheesesteak imo. Everyone talks about Pat's, Geno's, or Tony Luke's. Max's a newcomer in the area, has been there for only three decades compared to it's rivals. But their cheesesteaks have been low-key one of the best spots. It seems the biggest problem is that people are scared to come to this area to try it. But they shouldn't cause we all just coming for good food. Located on the upper west side in Germantown. Lines can get pretty long, I waited from 40 mins -1.5 hours a couple times. Best time to go is during the day, I feel like the meat taste better. You're probably thinking is it worth it? I think so. I like that the make it fresh in front of you. I get mine with provolone, mayo, mushrooms, peppers, onions the whole shebang. I love my veggies and they don't charge extra for it, which is great.  Giant size $17 enough to feed 2-3 adults.
So thanks to Yelp I found out about delicious Max's steaks. I was excited to try it out and headed over with the hubby during a lunch break. As others have said, BRING CASH! I never have cash on me, so I was glad my lunch date was paying. lol

When we arrived, I saw there was not much to Max's, from the pictures I couldn't really tell if it was in a bar or a diner, well the Cheesesteak part is more of a to-go hallway and you could also grab a 40, yes like a 40 oz beer to go....or you can sit in their bar to eat. Although there were only 3 people in front of us, the wait was lengthy - 30 minutes - that I was getting nervous about my meter parking. The cook behind the counter had to slice bread, cook the steak, add toppings and wrap the sandwiches! He needs some more help back there. It would also help if he had a little patience or some front teeth, I couldn't understand what he said after two times of asking because he's literally missing all his front teeth and he was getting mighty annoyed with me. Sorry!

Needless to say, we got a half of meat and a half of chicken cheesesteak to try them both out. The chicken had good flavor unlike in some places where it tastes deathly bland, but as usual I thought the meat one was better. The portion sizes are as large as your arm, and the price is very inexpensive. I was REALLY bummed that although I could grab a 40 of beer, I could NOT get fries or even chips at this place. Who doesn't love fries with their cheesesteak?? 

So although the cheesesteak was good, especially the amazingly soft roll, I am not really a fan of this place. It is in a rough corner, where I wouldn't come to alone, there is no parking, they don't make fries, they take too long, and they are not friendly. i don't think I will be returning, but I doubt they would miss me.
Although the take out portion of this spot is small, it runs quite smoothly. The staff is very efficient & quick. If you desire an authentic Philly cheesesteak, this is the place to go.

The cheesesteak served here is big! This steak is definitely enough to share with two other people. I had a cheesesteak with mayonnaise,  ketchup, and fried onions (and of course cheese,  hence the name cheesesteak). The cheese was perfectly melted & gooey, the beef was well seasoned, and the roll was fresh. 

If you are seeking to lose a couple of pounds, stay away from here. But if you are looking for a food orgasm, check this place out for the steak is bursting with flavor!
When my sister was in town for two nights rather than couch surf like we mere mortals, she opted to stay at the Loews Hotel in Center City.  She likes her luxury to come standard.  So, it is saying a lot that I chose to drag her to the heart of one of the seediest neighborhoods in Philly for a cheesesteak.

This place is amazing.

Expect to stand in line for 15-30 minutes depending on the time of day or you can phone ahead.  The meats are flavorfull, chopped and fried to perfection, no excess fat.  I like mine with fried onions.  They grill the bread before piling it high.

Sit down Geno.  Move over Pat.  Max is the real king.

All hail.
Me and my boyfriend are from Rochester NY. So we are fine with going into the hood for good food . If you a scary person then don't go because you be uncomfortable. 

But if your like me and believe the best road is the one less traveled, then this you your place for a Philly steak. It's not dry as hell with no flavor . 

Forget all that nasty talk about chemicals called cheese wiz. GROSS! Just come here and grab a pepper cheese steak with extra cheese! Sweet peppers!! Yes! There is not a certain line order. So when you go in just ask people if they ordered yet then talk to the cook to let them
Know your there. Bar right next to the grill playing hip hop . They sell beer as well. 
Yes great place to eat. Don't be afraid !
Best cheese steak in Philly. I went to high school in South Philly and tried all the "hot spots"'. Genos, Pats, Gooey looey etc. But no-one has a more flavorful cheese steak. 

I'm over these wack comments about how scary the neighborhood is get over it this is Philly grow some balls
I was reluctant to post this review as not to let out this best-kept cheesesteak secret in Philly.

Max's steaks ARE hands down the best in Philadelphia.

If you ignore the location (Broad & Erie BSL stop), the wait, and lack of seating except for the bar next door, for $18 you will receive 24 inches of cheesy, meaty, perfectly-seasoned heaven.
One of the best cheesesteaks in Philly I've ever had.  Opt for the mayo, I didn't but wish I would have.  Also, they use provolone cheese but have wiz if that's what you prefer.  Got the whole, the thing was as long as my leg no kidding.  Good bar in the back you can eat your food at and get a cold beverage of your choice.  A lot of people told me not to come to this part of Philly, I came anyway and was glad that I did.  No issues at all.  Great food, service, and customers to chat with.

Also, you can ask for a traveler cheesesteak.  They'll make everything up but put the meat in a separate carton so the bread roll doesn't get soggy.  I'm now back in line for a traveler
Came to Philly for the Cowboys vs Eagles game (GO COWBOYS) and of course, wanted to try a Philly Cheesesteak. My sorority sister was going to take us to one of the other places and then she mentioned that HER favorite place to go was Max's but she didn't want to take us there because it was in "the hood." We told her to turn the car around and take us to Max's, we wanted the Philly experience, not the tourist show!

We pulled up to Max's and it is definitely a get in-and-out, no frills spot. You come in, order what you want, wait for it and then leave. There's a bar that's connected to it that you could go sit down and eat if you'd like, but other than that, you're not sitting down in Max's. 

On to the food - the Cheesesteak was massive, and I got the small portion. The small was easily a foot long. Easily. And it was filled with cheese, meat and onions. Just running over and *drools* LOL! I don't even think I was able to tackle half of it, it was THAT big. But it was soooooo good. We got it wrapped to go (airport style since we were leaving that day) and when we got home, finished it off and it was STILL good lol. 

I don't have any other Philly spots to compare it to, so I'm going to have to say this is the best Cheesesteak in Philly :-)
When our original plans wen't bust this Thursday me and the Broseph made a night of it anyway. Enter Max's Steaks, on a tip from a friend we rolled up in search of stacked steaks our new meal plan (RIP Tacoria). Place was packed, but wait times werent too bad as they take orders in batches. 

A whole, /only/ cost 18.50 with extra cheese, and both american and provolone loaded on. During the sandwich building they ask you how you'd like the steak fried up, i opted for mayo and fried onion- after the steak's been cooked and slapped on the roll they ask you about toppings, i went with an obligatory salt, pepper, and ketchup.

In all honesty i'm floored by what Max's is able to put out, when i saw these steaks coming out i was under the assumption that they're big and piled on, but quality would be questionable. I was proved wrong every step of the way- though allegedly the meal I experienced is pale shadow of days past. 

Troy, in line ahead of us told us about how long he's been coming here, some other places we should hit up (Hint, just what the doctor ordered) suffice to say he claims quality has slipped in recent years. That, Kevin Hart fame has led to more people grabbing food, longer lines, and less attention to detail- resulting in tougher meat and onions. Admittedly by the time i was on the final quarter of my whole, i was feeling that jaw work a little more than usual, but that's a whole lot of steak & onions  to eat, and almost everything was thoroughly consistent. So lets break down the ingredients. 

The roll was light, but really struggles to hold in the beastly amount of steak thrown onto it- despite this, the rolls do an excellent job of preventing themselves from getting soggy. Mayo, Cheese, Steak grease, and a generous smattering of ketchup, and the only issue with the roll is stuff spilling out of it- no sog, no tearing, no falling apart- borderline magical.

The mayo they hook these jawns up with is out of this world, insanely thick, buttery smooth texture, extremely flavorful, and my god does it pair well with their cheese- american and provolone BOTH. I have no idea what brand is in use here, or what they do differently if they're making it in house but  this is hands down the best mayo i have ever had, bar none, any pizza shop that sells hoagies needs to take a page out of max's book and hook they're own sandwiches up with this stuff, legit.

Cheese was on point, if i'm being honest i'm a throw the cheese right on the grill kind of guy, let it soak in extra sloppy marinating the meat with it, but Max's lays out an extremely generous amount onto the roll, then slides the steak and onions out over it. Lemme tell you, no problems melting that cheese- but, admittedly, the mayo was so rich it did take away from the cheeses flavor a little bit- but the added texture of it was still phenomenal.

Onions were the weakest part of this meal in perfect honesty, i'm a picky eater, i like vegetables to be fried to oblivion melting in my mouth, not something i need to crunch on and chew up, consistency on those onions was a little off sometimes they'd be prefect whole others were far less well done than id have liked (Troy clearly knows what hes talking about.)

Steak didn't have the same consistency issue the onions did, never found a real tough piece of steak, only some bits a little larger cut than others, which still fell apart in my mouth. Steak remains unseasoned while being grilled with salt + pepper as an optional add in post-cooking, so there's a bit of room for improvement. Steak quality itself was very good, not too greasy, the cooks needed to actually apply additional oil to the grill to keep things moving and smooth- good quality meat not grease sponges.

Suffice to say everything was quite good, i'm not going to breakdown the salt pepper and ketchup though if i had to guess id say the ketchup is Hunt's based on consistency,  but you get the point, everything here was good, if not great. 

Outside of the quality, the portion size is ridiculous, the steaks are deceptively large. I'm a big dude, i eat A LOT,  a pound of food is a normal meal for me. Despite this i struggled, legitimately struggled, to fit the entire sandwich into my stomach- the next day i still felt full Like my stomach was trying to finish digesting after my late night binge. Inside the bag with napkins the weight of this sandwich  felt heavier than a grandma weight- you know the kind i'm talking about, those little turquoise or pink 3~5 LB weights, sandwich had heft.

Speed wise, these dudes are top tier, there were 4 orders ahead of us, making me #5 my bud #6, from the time i ordered my food to the time  his was being wrapped maybe 20-25 minutes had passed, worst case scenario that's 4 minute per steak.

Flavor & Presentation 4.66/5   |   Speed & Service  4.66/5   |   Pricing & Portions  4.5/5

Overall  4.66/5

Masterfully done gentlemen, worth every penny, near perfect- possibly perfect in the past if Troy speaks truth.
BEST PHILLY CHEESE STEAK IN NORTH PHILLY!!!

I'm originally from North Philly (Marshall St.), and I moved out to Cali about 10 years ago. Since then, I haven't had a decent cheese steak. When I arrived, the first place I stopped at was Max's! And I am so happy that I did! The jawns themselves were as big as my arm--from elbow to knuckles!!! They were PACKED with steak and cheese flowing out of it! I like mine relatively simple--onions, mayo, cheese, and ketchup. Writing this review is makin' me salivate right now because they were that mutha-effin' good!

If you're not from Philly, don't waste your time at Pat's or Geno's! You have to go where the locals eat, and the locals eat at places like Max's!!! I have no idea why Pat's and Geno's are so popular. Max's fills the hell out of your cheese steak, and for most people, it could serve as breakfast, lunch, and dinner 'cause they're so huge!

I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE WHO WANTS AN AUTHENTIC PHILLY CHEESE STEAK!!!

Word of Caution: If you haven't been to North Philly, Wikipedia classifies it as a "slum", and it can be an intimidating place to out-of-towners. But Max's is definitely worth it. 

For those complaining about seating, just eat at the bar next door.
Today was my second time here. My first time was about two years ago. Hands down the best cheesesteak spot in PHILLY. The homie and I just knew after we finished his car meet we was going to hit Max's and we did.

Now when I visited about 2 years ago I just walked in, ordered and  walked out.

Let's fast forward to today, it was definitely an hour plus wait but Max's is worth it. Please know what you want when you in line and the cooks are entertaining so you won't be bored.

There is a bar in the back and you can also sit there, order your food, and have a drink. Listen you better now never leave Philly without a 18inch for Max's. Trust Me!!!
Max's Cheesesteaks recently was featured in the popular movie "Creed" and as a result a lot more people are finding their way to its doors.  Maybe too many people as the lines are always long ... and now they are longer.  This is a good and hearty cheesesteak but recently we waited in line about 45 minutes to actually get one.  It's not worth that long a wait as there are other cheesesteaks as good in Philadelphia.  But if you are near Broad and Erie and you have time to wait, you might want to check it out.  
Tips - The regular-size cheesesteak is called half-size here as they have an insanely large full roll .... and you can eat your cheesesteak at one of the tables in the bar area if you don't want to take it home
I've had cheese steaks at Pat's, Gino's, Jim's and a few other places in Philly. But this is hands down the best one. There's not much to say regarding a cheese steak as it's great or not. This is the best cheese steak I've had, period. The hot peppers and light squirt of ketchup make this  the absolute perfect cheese steak. Don't bother going anywhere else is Philly, this is the spot. The area is pretty hood, but if you want the best cheese steak you've ever had, get on over here.
HANDS DOWN the BEST Cheesesteak sandwich i've ever had. I love the fact that it's totally in the cut in N. Philly. Yea, it's in the hood, but the location makes it that much more authentic. If you're visiting Philly and you don't want to do tourist/yuppie activities, I suggest going here. Their adjoining bar is pretty fun too! We ate our subs at the bar and were in complete heaven. It was totally worth the wait! Great music, super sweet and generous bartenders, and an eclectic group of people.

The only reason why I did not give this place 5 stars is because of the wait. We spent a lot of time waiting in line, and people really didn't give a crap if they cut the line. It's not really Max's fault but they could be a little more organized. The woman who took our order gave us a number, and then randomly changed our number and everyone in front of us- a bit confusing, but it worked for her.

And lastly, the true reason why I cannot give this awesomely delicious and fun place a solid 5, is because of the sanitary issues. The man who was grilling the meat and veggies did not wear gloves, and watching him clean the stove was pretty repulsive. He didn't attempt to wash his hands at all.

I knew what I was getting into so that won't stop me from eating her again at some point in my life. Truly delicious. 

Although I was not sold on the city, I may make a trip just to get some hoagies.

BTW, super cheap - 8 bucks for a small sub, which feeds two people. The large is $16 and it is INSANELY large.
yes, Yes & YES! Thee best Philly cheesesteaks, hands down. I've been to Pats, Geno's, Larry's, & other popular cheesesteak places but nothing can compare. They get it right every time! Have been going here for over 5 years for our cheesesteaks & they never disappoint.

Most recently I went on a Wednesday around 2p and it wasn't crowded at all. Waited about 10 minutes for my order. I ordered 1 whole cheesesteak hoagie. Hoagie means they will add lettuce & tomatoes to your sub. Mind you, a whole cheesesteak is $21 but that's because the whole sub is about 21" long. They put the sub in a grocery bag and half of the sub was still sticking out. That's how huge it is. Can feed 4 people, easily. They are CASH ONLY, but they do have an ATM inside in case you forget. 

I ordered my cheesesteak hoagie with sweet peppers, grilled onions, mayo & American cheese. Some people do the cheese whiz to make it creamier, but I don't. If you get ketchup and mustard on your cheesesteak they will know you're from out of town because you don't need any other condiments on a cheesesteak. It was so delicious and I ate half of it by myself! Did I mention it has SO MUCH MEAT!!!!!!!

Couple of things about the area: this is a place where you get in & get out. They do have a parking lot on the side where you can park for free. My recommendation would be to go during the day because all types of stuff goes on at night. Basically, it's the hood so please be careful. It's worth it for this amazing food!!!
I make a trip here from NY every year cause there is no other cheesesteak place for me!

The cheesesteaks are cooked to order and they use real cheese (not that cheese wiz crap some other places use).  A whole sandwich could easily feed 4 people and a half sandwich could feed 2.  Most times there is a line but I don't mind waiting for all that deliciousness my only suggestion is that while you're waiting decide on what you want on your sandwich as they will move right past you if you're still deciding when they ask you for your order.  

While it is in the "hood" I have to say I've never had a problem with anyone and most times I sit in the back bar area to enjoy my sandwich piping hot (and I always take one to go).  One of these days I'm going to break down and try their hoagie sandwich - if I can ever stop eating the cheesesteaks.

Until next year........
It's always about the Philly Cheesesteak. Everyone has an opinion of what is the best and if you tried the oft recommended you probably came away disappointed (if not afraid to voice this opinion). Prior to eating Max's I hadn't had a Cheesesteak in two years  this streak wasn't a protest, it wasn't because I was eating healthy it's just that I didn't feel inclined.

After seeing a concert with my cousin we had time to still hang out and he wanted to eat. Not anywhere something different. Something good. So thanks to smart phones, and directions we found our way to Max's based off of a recommendation his friend made.

I'm sure the location and appearance might scare some people off but we had no problems (and this was at 12 am). The people were very accomodating a woman offered to sell some homemade ice tea, while a guy inside offered to show us the quality of his bootlegged X-Men First Class movie on his portable DVD player. Some might call this a problem, but I called it ambiance. Upon seeing us walk in the guys preparing the food knew that we weren't built for that full size Max cheese steak life so he offered half.

I got mayo with whiz and hot peppers and onions.  I've had good cheesesteaks before where you just remark how good it was, but this? This? This cheesesteak right here was so good that I regretted not having bought the whole because I wanted more the next morning. I also fell into an itis induced nap right after finishing. All in all I can say with utter confidence that this was the best cheesesteak I have had in my life, and I will be back.
This place was packed and the line was wrapped around the place. It moved slow but was worth the 25ish minute wait. The cheesesteak was great! It was juicy, fresh, and loaded full of meat. 

The 2 men making the cheesesteaks were very engaging and seemed to enjoy what they were doing.

I can see why this place is so busy! It was bomb.
We waited on line for 90 minutes to receive some of the worst customer service I've received in a long time. 

Friends and I were in town for the Roots Picnic and based on the recommendations of a local we came to this place for cheesesteaks. The line was long and slow moving but everyone was in good spirits. At one point the line completely stopped for about 20mins for an unknown reason, though it was rumored they ran out of something.

When we finally made it inside, the cooks made it a terrible experience. As people who have never been here and not Philly natives we were trying to figure out the process - we attempted to ask questions but they were impatient and rude about us asking questions. When we suggested they have information posted - one employee loudly and rudely said "Just listen. It's always women making this difficult. They don't listen" and said this multiple times. The other cook spoke low and was difficult to hear so we kept asking him to repeat and he got annoyed. We were a group of 5 and instead of taking our orders individually they took it as a group just assuming we all wanted the same things so there were mistakes. It was a long, uncomfortable, unnecessary mess.

I could probably forgive the food making issues - it was busy and they were clearly working hard and I don't take that away from them. But after waiting on line for an hour and a half the last thing you want to deal with is rude, sexist employees acting like your bothering them.

As for the sandwich I ordered a chicken steak with cheese, it was alright but I think I already had a bad taste in my mouth from the experience at the store. 

I will not be going back ever.
Forget how big the hoagie's are, forget how cheap it is, forget that way it tastes, I've had better cheese steaks in VA! The single most TURN OFF about this place is the lack of customer service. It seems the owners/employees, whatever you want to call them, don't give a damn how they treat paying customers simply because they've made a name for themselves. 
The woman at the register was so busy holding a conversation with everyone else BUT ME, as I stood right in front of her for over a minute, waiting for her to say "hi, hello, how are you" etc. etc. When she finally looked my way, she rang up my order wrong AND sucked her teeth as if I was in her way. I would NEVER recommend this business to anyone. PERIOD!
Be prepared to wait and if you arrive hungry make sure you have a snack and bring a foldable lawn chair because this place takes FOREVER. Visited during covid and the line only had about 15 people head of us. It took a total of 2 hours to get our food. An hour wait to order and another to get the food. My suggestion to you would be to order online ahead of time. I believe they use some service called "bump" (I'm from out of town so I'm not as familiar with the app) it allows you to order ahead. 

Even though the wait is long I will say the sandwich is delicious. I would order again and would opt for this place over a tourist spot (which you will also wait forever for) so if your going to wait, wait for these guys! 

The only negative thing I would say about the sandwich is this, as others have mentioned before: I do wish they put the cheese on top or evenly across the bottom because the only time you get a full even bite of bread, meat, veggie and cheese ratio is when you reach the end or crease of the sandwich. 

Another thing to note: the area can be off putting to some. I wouldn't come here at night or without another person esp if your a girl. In general, just keep to yourself, don't wear flashy stuff, be respectful and you will be fine ;) 

Enjoy! And remember that foldable chair!!
Stupid awesome phillysteak place! 
Ordered a "whole" to-go and the lady got to work immediately asking me which meat and toppings and such. I saw her get to work on a 12" hoagie roll. 
Place had a great vibe with few patrons waiting in line before me to get their food and I saw a big man asking the customer "ketchup?" and then spraying the beegeesus out of the bun with it! So when my turn came, I was like, "just a little bit please." LOL Dude was fun and mad chill and got me sprinkles of oregano and bit of hot sauce upon request.
AT THIS POINT - somehow my 12" hoagie had morphed into a 2' long baseball bat of a phillycheesesteak! TWO FEET LONG! Whoa...?
Got my drink and also engaged in some banter with lady at the cash and paid $25!!! for the two feet hoagie that I... didn't think I ever ordered??
But at this point, I'm like I don't wanna make a big deal over this and this can feed me and my whole family for next 2 days. (LOL) J/K... I had some co-workers that haven't eaten yet so perhaps we'd share. 

Once I sat down to eat back at the office, it was a messy business but a DELICIOUS business. Meat was piled on and roll was soft while holding all that up through the 10-min drive. Really good stuff... I'll be back to chow down again, thanks for the hospitality and great energy! (ma man even posed for a Yelp photo for me haha)
Hands down this place is voted the best philly cheesesteak in Philly, possibly the world cause they originated in Philly so who can do it better??

After leaving my friend waiting in line, I walked over to the bar (which is attached to the restaurant) to order a drink. While waiting for my Tito's & vodka a fellow patron of the bar told me that I can order my sub at the bar. Lo and behold it was true! I called up my girls and 20 mins later we were all at the bar eating steaks and taking shots.
This H Town girl happened to be in Philadelphia area for a conference this weekend and yes I have been thinking about coming here for months. This is the best cheesesteak I have ever had. It's like pure Ecstasy!!!
If you're a tourist like myself, only go here. Anywhere else is a waist of time.
I'm a life-long Philadelphian. I was born and raised in South Philly. Unfortunately, it took me until adulthood to realize that Max's has the best steaks in the city! They use quality meats that are cooked to order (important because steak meat doesn't re-heat or sit well - it's gets chewy). The proportion of bread to meat is just right (some steak places give you a tad of meat on a giant roll). It's also well-seasoned and cheesy (if asked, real Philly cheesesteaks should have American Cheese. Not Provolone. Not Whiz)! 

A Note to Tourists: If you are a tourist (and have no clue how to navigate the city), go to Max's during the day, get your steak, and leave. This steak is worth traveling to Max's for but I'll admit that the neighborhood might make some feel uneasy! Please don't waste your money or time waiting in line at Pat's or Geno's, you'll be sad. Go to Max's for an authentic experience! Also, take cash! A whole steak ($18) is enough to feed two adults!
One of the perks for moving back to Philly from Houston is my fav mushroom cheesesteak with provolone & fried onions, hold the hots & sweet peppers. Been back in town 2 weeks & now I'm ready for him. South Philly cheesesteaks don't have nothing on a North Philly cheesesteak!!!
This was my first time here as a recommendation from my friend who lived in Philly for a number of years. They claimed that the amount of meat you get is worth going to Max's instead and opt out of the hot touristy spots not to be mentioned. Anyways the area is somewhat sketchy but I felt safe as I not one to be scurred in traveling situations just be aware. 

So it was a Saturday in June around 6pmish. So with he wait alone I would soooo give this place like 2 stars but it was quite an experience anyways. One side of Max's is a bar area with booths to sit and eat in. Not sure if the bar area serves food or not. Nice ambiance, music pumpin,  everyone seemed to be enjoying theirselves, bartenders smiling, and good conversations. This place really tested my patience for example if Philly was my hometown or I wasn't on a quick trip I would have quickly left out. Our grand total time was almost an hour long! Omg I was dying and it was hot as hell with the only air circulating was thru one lonely door. 

I let my friend order my food in the true Philly cheesesteak sense. Meaning hold the lettuce, tomato, mayo and provolone. By the way they do have those items if you want them on your sammich. I was shocked initially but wanted the true experience, so, the norm was meat onions cheese whiz and ketchup. This was by far the simplest cheesesteak ever! It wasn't anything spexial as far as flavor to me, reminded me of steak-umms meat to be honest. My take is the cheesesteak gets my love because of the large mounds of meat that you get. We ended up getting the giant sub which is $16.50. That sounds outrageous at first but the sub roll is like 20 inches plus long and packed to your liking. It could easily feed 2 to 4 adults depending on your gluttony. Check out my pics for reference.
I am a first time customer in Philly and my first time having cheesesteak. It was great food. We waited 2.5 hours in line and there was one guy inside who was super rude. I'm from
Down south so it wasn't funny nor appropriate for me. He told the lady on front of me he didn't care if she was from out of town and that he didn't care if she ever came back. He also kept asking every man for tips even though there were multiple signs saying no tipping allowed. I will definitely recommend friends to patronize other in town steakhouses
This puts the best cheesesteak in philly debate at rest for me as this was head and shoulders above any other!!

Be prepared as even though there may not be a ton of people in front of you, the line does move fairly slow. A full sandwich is really two sandwiches and is HUGE, but they pack it full of insanely moist meat. I've never tried putting ketchup on my cheesesteaks before but I have no complaints about the ketchup + provolone combo here. 

Far from the city center but super convenient to get to as its right off the BSL. Cheap beers at the bar that's connected to the place -- a 10/10 experience.
This is good drunk food or for when u got the munchies... Definitely not the best cheesesteak in Philly... And the service is terrible!!! I went there to eat on a Saturday afternoon and I felt like i needed to watch my every move.. Plus the guy preparing the cheesesteaks gave everyone an attitude like he was mad to be there.. Bro if you don't like your job, find a new one, its that simple.. 

Overall, the cheesesteak wasn't special at all.. 
The service?... What service? I felt like they were doing me a favor selling me a sandwich  Not the case
This is what I'm talkin about right here! This jawn got the best cheesesteak I've had in Philly. Better than all that South Philly stuff. Conveniently close to Broad St. right off Germantown and Erie, you can't miss it. It's plenty of parking in the back. 

The steak isn't overwhelmed by cheese. It's just perfect, the way it's cut. Put some fried onions, mayo and ketchup on that jawn and you're in the game. Grab you a brewski (OE, Colt 45, whatever you want because the selectionfor about $2-3 and sit down at the bar next door.

It's definitely a hood spot and not the most organized but that's not a bad thing. Max's is the place to go!
All I'm going to say is Thank God for Maxx's Steaks. Listen I am a native that lives in Atlanta now. Atlanta knows noting about how to make a decent steak so when I went home for a funeral I knew the first place I was going was Maxx's. I had to double blink when I realize the large steak was $16 bucks but let me tell you, it is two full size steaks. So worth it. Maxx's doesn't skimp on the meat. Its real ribeye steak not steakums. The quality is superior and so is the taste and flavor. Loved the fact that I could get it made without green peppers. People in Atlanta automatically put bell peppers on it. Nooooooooooooooooooo. I can't say enough good things about it. Its in the hood---my old hood but so what if the bums and vagrants are begging. Its worth the trip and the wait. You can't get this goodness nowhere else. 

My one complaint is they only take cash. It was an inconvenience but best believe I scrambled to get the coins to pay for my sandwiches.
This is the place to go for a legit philly steak.  There might be a long line. My friend and I got there when they opened, and there already was a line. The cooks hook it up. You get to see how they are cooking your meat for the sandwich. And regardless of the wait, they keep you entertained. There is a bar attached to get a drink. I did  not get a drink, but I enjoyed watching and chatting.
I ordered a chicken steak  it was stuffed with chicken and fried onions!!!!!! Loved it! And I can't wait to visit again. The wait is worth it, if you want a genuine sandwich in Philly. Steer clear of the tourist places and go straight to the real deal!!!!
By far the best cheesesteaks I ever had. My friends and I were leaving Philly and decided we really needed to pick up one more cheesesteak to bring home to NY. everywhere else was closed because it was Easter and we were pretty disappointed. We ran around the city like 16 times looking for a spot that was open. 

We finally stumbled upon this one spot on yelp. & we decided to give it a try. When we arrived, there was a humongous line wrapping around the inside of the little shop. We walked to the back of the store where there was a little homey bar connected to it. It was super lit in there even though it was only about 3pm. You can tell people were already turnt. Possibly because it was Easter.. but we waited approximately 1 hour. At this point we didn't know how good it was but we seen the line and it looked like all locals. 

I ordered a whole one which was approximately 2 feet long and 20$, way bigger then most places cheesesteaks. They consider regular sized cheesesteaks a 1/2. 

Finally gave it a try when I got home from Philly about 5-6 hours later. This is the BEST cheesesteak I have ever had. Never been a real big fan of cheesesteaks but this one right here BLEW my mind. I loved it so much, I put wiz on mine as well as mushrooms and it was so delicious. I keep thinking about it now.. & I really want to go back. Wish they had a Max's in New York.
Listen if your only complaint is the neighborhood then you don't deserve to indulge in the goodness and the experience of a Max's steak!
this is us!! haha who else looked this up and bookmarked because of this is us !! i need to get it philly to try this cheesesteak yummy!!
You don't come here for service or ambience you come here for the killer cheesesteaks. This place is in the hood so buyer beware. If you're willing to make the journey, I assure you, you won't be disappointed. I've had steaks from other spots in Philly thanks to my girl who lives there (she has brought me some from Pats & Geno's) and none of them compare to Max's. All you need is a half because damn, a whole could feed a family of 4! They make it with sirloin, not rib eye, and honestly, it's better! I had mine with fried onions, sweet peppers, & cheese. As usual, B O M B! It was sooooooooooooooooooooo damn good that I'm willing to venture in to North Philly just so I can reunite with Max. This place beats the tourist traps hands down and what more can you ask for - $7.50 for the best steak in town! Can't beat it!
Drove all the way from New York to check out the highly raved about Max's Steaks. The sandwiches are delicious, but the staff really lacks hospitality, and friendliness.

We first arrived, and there were 2 other patrons ahead of us. No "hello" or "good afternoon" when we walked through the doors. We put our order in right away: A whole cheesesteak sandwich with everything on it. We paid, and were told we had to order our beers from the bar next door, even though there is a fridge behind the cashier fully stocked with beer. (Ok?) 

We walked next door to the Eagle bar with our sandwiches in hand, where again, we were not once greeted or acknowledged by the bartender. Not once did anyone check to make sure everything was ok. 

The sandwiches were spectacular. The steak was chopped, seasoned to the T, and slices of cheese were melted into the meat. More cheese would've made it better, but it was great with what it had.  The cook also poured Ketchup, Mayo, and Mustard onto the sandwich, which caught me by surprise. I didn't expect mustard to be thrown into the mix, as I am not a fan of the condiment at all. However, it blended in well with the explosion of everything else going on. 

I understand that this is a local neighborhood joint which probably didn't get much traffic besides it's locals, before the movie Creed. However, I recently read an article where the owner of Max's admitted to not attracting much tourists, or people traffic in general, because of the "rough neighborhood." A word of advise: He should probably consider revamping his whole staff, or train them better, especially now with the on pour of tourists after the filming of the movie. Having a friendlier and more welcoming staff may help you reel in some more revenue.
1. You will wait
2. The place isn't the cleanest 
3. You will wait
4. The ordering process is unorganized 
5. Good luck figuring out where the line starts
6. YOU WILL WAIT

That said, these cheesesteaks are some of the best in the city and the popularity is evidence enough. They're also open all the time. Trust me, it's worth it. Just make sure you carve out some time and wear comfortable shoes.
As far as I'm concerned, at least thus far, this is the most authentic cheesesteak I've had in Philly as a visitor. I've done Pat's, and Ishkabibbles among others but Max's takes the cake.

First off, the option to order a half or a full sandwich is clutch. The bread is always fresh and soft. The array of toppings is great as well. The prices are very reasonable. The only knock you really could ever have with Max's is the line. But greatness takes time I suppose haha. Try and hit Max's on a weekday early if anything.
Chilling' out, maxing', relaxing' all cool

You remember that statement... (don't judge a book by its cover) well... don't. Is this place in a not soooo good area, Yes.. stop crying, it's Philly baby!! 

For about $8 bucks you get 12 inches, that's what she said... if you can handle it, grab 24 inches for $16. This spot is attached to a bar, after getting your steak, bring your food over and slam down some beers in a surprisingly friendly atmosphere. 

To the right, on the corner is where you place your order, I did wait about 30 minutes from ordering to check-out, which is fine... because you will have plenty of time to yell, scream and banter about sports with everyone in line, and with the guys making the food right in front of you. The older gentleman on the grill is a Cowboys fan... FYI.. such BS. 

Sandwiches are large and in charge, american cheese and onions mixed into the meat, it's better than what it looks like when its cooking, trust me. 

Delicious rolls. Flavorful meat. 

(CASH ONLY!!!) bar and food.
This place is solid.

I'm not ready to call it the "best" cheesesteak in Philly, but it's up there.

So, I went here based on Yelp reviews. Many of the reviews I read mention the neighborhood being bad. Bah. I'll admit, it's not the most eye-pleasing neighborhood, but I wouldn't classify it as being "bad".

We are two little white people from the suburbs, and we were fine.

It was expected that we would come across some fine Muslim men peddling scented oils, and such. We did. These men only added to the ambiance, as one offered me a free sample "sniff". I felt like a VIP.

The guy on the grill is fantastic. He was busy, had a great memory, and still remained friendly. There was a bunch of people "working" behind the counter, but this guy was doing 95% of the work.

So yeah, we got a cheesesteak. My normal order is extra whiz, with. This place seems to like to put mayo and American cheese on everything. Mayo? Wtf. I thought, when in Rome... So my order was light mayo, American, whiz, and fried onions.

Yes, it's a big, glorious steak. The roll was fresh and soft. The meat was cooked perfectly, and moist. I think the mayo threw me off a little, I wasn't really feeling that part. Not anything to take a star away though.

Go here. It's a great steak at a great price. They load that thing up with deliciousness. Don't be turned off by the neighborhood. It's not that bad.

On a side note, this thing reheated perfectly. I had a little less than a half leftover. The next day I threw it in the microwave for about a minute. It then went into the oven set at 375 for another 10 minutes. It added some crunchiness to the roll which was just perfect.
Even Game Goes to Max's ! Best and Delicious Cheesesteak!!!!!! Chicken steak mmmmmm mmmm mmmm... They should stay out of rap beef tho im just saying.
Delicious amazing and most of all moist! When my husband first told me about Max's I wasn't impressed. I meant I'm from DC hoagies aren't a huge thing to us. 

But baby that cheesesteak I just ate was EVERYTHING! He got me a half(which felt like a whole) and it was stuffed to the bring with meat, peppers, onions and hot peppers. The bread was soft but not too soft where it got mushy from the meat. 

The meat itself was tender with slightly crispy edges. Something that makes a perfect sandwich. 

The ONLY drawback was it took about 20 mins for it to be  prepared. But perfection takes time right?
Easily my favorite cheese steak/ late night spot. Better than all the supposedly famous spots (Pat's, Geno's, Jims) without the frills and the side orders of racism. I personally like my cheesesteak sans prejudice. But whatever floats your boat. The staff here is pretty friendly. They like to joke around a lot with you. And a couple of the cooks are even cute! ***Warning This spot is always live though because its attached to a bar. And there might be a few suspect characters outside. But through Max's doors waits cheesesteak heaven. Its so sinfully delightful do not expect to only eat half. I eat the WHOLE thing every time. And after you've had one you won't be able to judge me.
Not being a native from Philly it's always a great joy when I get to taste of Philly cheesesteak from a local place. I've only always tried Pat's or Geno's but this time my friend wanted Max's. Don't judge me but I didn't know Max's was in the running. However , I certainly know now. 

I am certain of two things after trying Max's. My preferred sandwich is a Chicken Philly, whiz cheese, mushrooms, fried onions , ketchup and mayo. It's taken me years to figure this out lol. And in one time at Max's I got it down. And the second thing I am certain of that out of my local Philly findings Max's is my place of choice upon return so far! 

Sandwich was seasoned well ! Fresh ingredients and good bread. 

Major S/O to my friend that suggested this spot because she already knew how it was gonna go down ! The pics aren't all mine , I had to bring back sandwiches for everyone , lol. 

Good stuff!
Max's Steaks is awesome! I prefer it over Dalessandros although they're not too far behind. I ordered the whiz cooked in peppers. My only complaint is that they only put the cheese whiz on the bottom only. The seasoning of the beef and peppers are good but the bread is the backpack of this sandwich. The area is not sketchy like some people say but there are some loiterers which freak some people out but it is a great place to get a steak sandwich. As of September 14, 2020, they are take out only.
Our Uber driver said this is the best place in Philly to get a cheesesteak.  He was absolutely correct and was not exaggerating.  We came at lunchtime on a Sunday and it was packed to the max.  The line snaked along the inside of the restaurant.  I got a half with fried onions and sweet peppers.  It was delicious and exceeded my expectations.  We ate in the side bar area, the same place where Adonis from Creed eats at.  Make sure you watch how other people are ordering so you know how and what to order.  The cooks are yelling at you from across the room for your order so you don't want to be stumbling over your words in front of everybody.  

Our driver stated that the neighborhood isn't the safest place to be in at night so if your a tourist (we stuck out like a sore thumb being the only Asians) go during the day
Lived up to the hype and oddly enough even with the hype from the Creed movie not too crazy as far as a line. We parked nearby on a meter and made our way to Max's. The location itself isn't the best but overall didn't feel unsafe or anything. The staff wasn't as strict as some other where they are specific to order in a specific pattern or go off on you. The options are straight forward and provides a massive sandwich filled to the brim with tasty sirloin steak cheese option and the typical additions of
Peppers pickles ketchup or mayo. Really the only downside was catching shift change which should be avoided especially on a Friday about 6. We really enjoyed the jokes from the staff and the general atmosphere was fairly light. Would highly recommend a stop if you are ever in the area and looking at only one cheesesteak to try you should give Max's a shot.
Holiday season...be prepared to wait at least an hour an 15 minutes, so DO NoT go here Hangry. Do NoT go here if you're impatient, picky, think you can be a demanding customer, or a jackass ...your ass will get called out. Lol. That cheesesteak tho!!! Omg, a party in my tummy, get...I repeat Do GeT the Special Sauce its amazing, skip the fries, they are not, grab a drink, and take your time with that amazing sandwich. It's in the hood, so don't act brand new, confidence orrrrr silence is key. Its worth the visit and hey, was featured in a movie, can't go wrong, right?!
My favorite spot in Philly for cheesesteaks... it is in the hood...reminds me of 125th street or fordham road back in the late 80s or 90s ... if you're not comfortable in the hood I suggest you go early or in with a few ppl .. ..

Cheap prices especially for beer...they even sell 40s ... :)..
Pros: Food is amazing. They definitely give you enough for your money. 

Cons: Long wait. We waited 90 mins on a long line to finally place our order. 

Also some of the staff need customer service training. I'm not sure why you have to roll your eyes and have an attitude when taking folks orders. Maybe it's part of the experience and I didn't get the memo.

Need a better system for taking orders and informing customers.
Best damn cheesesteak I've ever had!  Came all the way from NYC for these and was so worth the trip!
Got here around 11:20am Sunday to find out that even tho they had the open sign on the guy inside said they open at noon.  So I had to hang around the corner but once they do open the line starts to slowly buildup inside leading out to the bar entrance/exit.  

This isn't fast food service so while they aren't super slow you shouldn't expect to get your food that quickly.  From when I put in my order it took almost 10 minutes.  

I went with the whole mushroom cheesesteak with onions mayo hot peppers ketchup.  Good size 20 inch cheesesteak seems a big ass cheesesteak with a lot of meat.   

This is an easily underrated cheesesteak spot and I'd say is on my fluctuating top 11 list saving room for spots I still have yet to try like gin&pop, Joe's steaks, dalessandros among a few.  

If you're in the area it's worth trying as this is a very solid cheesesteak option for a city that has several great options, this should be on the list!
I travel 300 miles round trip for these subs. No trip to Philadelphia is complete without a stop here. My cousin told me about this place 10 year ago and we have been hooked since.  My sister also make the same trip from Baltimore just for the cheese steak.  

This place is the gold standard. Always duplicated never mastered king of cheese steak in Philadelphia.  Hands down.  

When ordering food you get to talk to the cheese steak master.  Older guy.  Has been there for years.  I watch his mastery as he makes a work of art. 

The steaks meat is really fresh  the rolls are soft and give but can stand up to all the meat they put on the sub. Truly a work of art.

Price is about average bit you get a heaping amount of steak. 

The only negative is the chicken cheese steak is a little dry which is expected with breast meat which is low in fat. No problem it's still good. 

Stop by the front door is always open.
The cheese steaks here are so good I came back the same day for another one. You get a nice sized cheese steak STUFFED with meat and it is flavorful. It's also messy so make sure you get a lot of napkins. A couple of tips: The half is about the size of a foot long, maybe slightly bigger. The whole is twice that size. Either way, worth the money. Order through the app. It's quick and painless, and you don't have to wait on the line. Lastly, you do get an order number, but it's easier if you just tell them your name.
We got there around noon and the line was out the door. We were maybe 4 people from the door and in total I think it took us about 45 minutes from when we arrived to get our food. The line does move slow but the people behind the counter clearly have an organized process of how they move the orders down the line, so you just gotta be patient!

-A sandwich is like $20, but understandable because they are huge
-They use a ton of mayo on the bread before loading it up, I think this really helped combat the sogginess you typically get with a cheesesteak- great move!!
-Everyone was ordering their steaks with ketchup so we ordered our steaks with ketchup..also a great move. 
-I'm usually all about the wiz but the guy behind the counter recommended provolone and it was nice.

I thought the meat might end up being dry in the absence of wiz, but it still tasted really fresh and juicy. Beers are cheap and was the perfect pairing to the sloppy sando. 

There's a small seating area with tables right off the area where you pay or you also have the option to sit in the bar next door. I do wish it was less of a trek to get here from Center City, but SEPTA drops off literally across the street, so you really can't complain.
Was in town and wanted a real Philly Cheese Steak and I knew this was the place to go. Boy was I disappointed! The quality of the steaks they were known for has taken a real turn for the worst. After waiting for close to thirty minutes to have it prepared, I get yo my destination excited about my steak and was mad when I took that first expectant bite. It tasted like that frozen minute steak cheap you get at the supermarket!
What's all the hype about here, folks? Think my favorite part of this place was the friendly service, friendly patrons, friendly bartender and bumpin playlist, but the cheesesteak left a lot to be desired. I shared a half with fried onions and ketchup and that puppy was DROWNING in ketchup to the point where the roll was sad and soggy. Could have definitely used some more cheese and less ketchup. 

Don't think I'll return unless I happen to be very drunk in NE Philly (which I try not to make a habit of doing).
Ha haaaaa I can't believe I haven't wrote a review for Max's yet. Wow. Well hands down the best steaks within a 5 mile radius. I went somewhere this summer I won't say where (south Philly) because that's shady but they definitely gave Max's a run for their money. 

If you're from north Philly you know this is the go to place. It's not really for the tourists I'll be honest they don't always go this far into "the hood". They stick to places that they're recommended to go to, this just so happens to be a staple in the community for decades. I loved coming here as a kid and hearing the "Ching. Ching ching, Ching" sound of the spatula hitting the flat top where the meat is being cooked. It's a constant high pitch tune that means your steak is being made with love.

A water ice, a cheesesteak and a plain bag of chips is a summer time classic. Nostalgic , just memories of sharing one large sandwich split between 5 kids. What then seemed like a humongous sandwich what now seems like a meal for your and one other adult lol. The bar next door was a place my aunt frequented. I wasn't much of a bar hopper then so I couldn't tell you about the vibes. I can assure you one thing..... if you find yourself here it's probably because someone you know brought you here. This is a hardcore locals spot so reader, if you happen to not be from Philly and appear to be lost or look game goofy you might be prayed upon. Nothing to do with the establishment, everything to do with the area. 

I'll wrap it up by saying Kevin Hart showcased this place on a movie of his a couple years ago and I'm sure the prices went up by at least a dollar afterwards lol. It's really worth the wait, it's really worth the pricey tag. My cousin says they're over rated ....BUT ...NO its not smh. It is a no frills place that welcomes everyone, I doubt they've changed anything in their day to day operations in years. Max's runs like a well oiled machine!!!
If it's good enough for Rick Ross (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKJy4GSLA10), it's good enough for me.

This has actually become my favorite place for steaks in Philly.  Every other place bores me in comparison to Max's.  My man behind the grill is a true entertainer and a master griller.  He somehow manages to take orders, man the grill, keep orders straight, keep people from getting pissed off, and construct an outstanding sandwich.  This is quite the feat considering how packed this place can get.

As mentioned by others, the giant his HUGE.  Not only is it twice as long as a normal steak anywhere else, but they pack it with meat and anything else you want on it.  Because there is so much meat, it can get a bit dry so I suggest getting whiz over American and maybe adding some ketchup (or your condiment of choice).  I consider myself a big eater, and I can't finish a giant in one sitting.  I tried hard because it was so tasty but had to give up.  A giant will run you somewhere in the neighborhood of $15.

As an added bonus, Max's sells beer for takeout.  It is also connected to the Eagle Bar, which looked like a nice place--people seemed to be enjoying themselves.
OMG YOU'VE NEVER HAD THE BEST CHEESE STEAK IN PHILLY UNTIL YOU VISIT MAX'S!!!!! Max's puts Geno's, Pat's, Jim's  and everybody else in Philly to Shame!!! Yes I said it! The cheese steaks are HUGE!!! Totally worth every penny and calorie!! The meat is nice and juicy full of flavor. They have real cheese not just cheese whiz and are packed with TONS of meat. No skimpy steak at Max's! Max's is in a very sketchy area but they are pretty quick and you'll be in and out fairly quickly. If you haven't been to Max's you must GO! GO NOW!! Order a cheese steak with sweet peppers and fried onions it's finger licking GOOD!!!! They are made for sharing!!
Before I even took a bite out of this hoagie I was over it. I felt so talked down by the guy making my sandwich that I was two seconds away from saying never mind I'll just starve. I got a chicken sub and it was not great enough to be talked down to. I asked for all my topping options and he said, "it's too late." It was also too late for my patience. The woman working the cashier was awesome. I wanted it to be amazing but that it was not. As a Pittsburgher this was mediocre. Thanks but no thanks. I only gave it two stars for the warm welcome I got from the cashier. But also, who in 2019 doesn't accept cards? I'll wait, save your money and taste buds and go elsewhere. Also, if you go here please ask for salt and pepper as it doesn't come on it. This food didn't taste like love.
I just received the worst steak ever!!! 
WTF- completely over Max's can't even eat the shit.  You can't even chew the steak, completely gross
Max's is in a neighborhood that's, let's say, not in the better part of Philly. Being from out of town, I drove to Max's my first night in town @ 11pm on Friday, and when I mentioned that to someone the next day they gave me the "are you serious?!".  

But regardless of where Max is located, they make some pretty damn good cheesesteaks.  The beef was moist and juicy, american cheese was melted deliciously and the mayo and toppings I had (peppers, pickles, ketchup and mustard) were great.  

For $8 you get about a 10 inch sandwich which is STUFFED with succulent beef... maybe not the meal you want at 11pm if you're trying to eat healthy, but it's oh so satisfying.

Have yet to try all the steak places in Philly, but from what I've had this is pretty great, and hands down better than Pat''s or Geno's (which are the more touristy spots). 

But it's all personnal preference. If you like:
-soft buns
-lots of meat
-juicy meat
-sliced cheese
-mayo 

Then go to Max's. 

If you're a cheese whiz fan or like harder buns, go elsewhere. Simple. 

Not a single bad thing to say, staff were friendly as well, and loving the urban vibes coming from the bar next door.
Max delivers one of the best cheesesteaks in the City of Brotherly Love.

Great quality U.S. Prime beef is chopped and perfectly seasoned and topped with quality onions and cheese.  The rolls they use are soft and delicious.  One thing that must be made clear about this place is that the cheesesteaks are HUGE.  Come with an appetite or don't come at all, because the half is bigger than any cheesesteak I've ever had and the giant......  It could take 2 days for a hungry man to finish it.  They pile on the sirloin in generous proportions, so much so that the meat will be falling off of the steak every time you take a bite, and this is a good thing too as every bite is delicious.

The cooks take a little bit longer than usual for some reason compared to other cheesesteak spots, but it's definitely worth it once you finally get your steak.
Pros:
-The meat is piled on heavy
-The cook (forgot his name but he is dark chocolate, bald, with a missing tooth in the front and he will "Hey Beautiful" "Hey Love Bug" "Hey Darling" you to death...he makes you feel like you are family and that's ya uncle firing something up on the grill.... he is friendly and engaging
-The "half" is HUGE! The prices vary from $9-$13
-The "whole" can feed 4-5 people easy
-Easily accessible by Septa (Broad and Erie Stop)
-You can spark up conversations while you wait in line
-There is a neighborhood bar connected to it, where you can sit and 
  enjoy ya steak sandwich and a beer or two and great music
-That steak, cheese, and mayo combination is E-V-E-R-Y-T-H-I-N-G!
-You need sunglasses, oils, soap, socks, tee shirts? There is a table set up outside of MAX's full of vendors selling all kinds of things.
-Stays open late....3am late for late night eats
-Where the locals go
-Located by a major thoroughfare so there is always traffic/things goin on if safety is a concern
-You want good seafood, go next door to the Clock Bar


Cons:
-Doesn't accept cards, but has an ATM
-Friday, Saturday, and Sunday the lines are always long and wrapped around especially in the evening time
-The neighborhood looks sketchy/hood...but the people are "friendly" you know in a Philly direct kind of way...lol 
-The wait/line is very confusing...there doesn't seem to be any type of order, comes across as very disorganized so you will need to be assertive and make sure you are in the right line to order instead of the waiting line (like Dalassandros)....
-No fries...just sandwiches, but since there are so many places that sell fries in the area within a minute radius, you should be good
-I have seen some workers talking/joking/laughing amongst themselves while the line is all the way out the door rather than roll their sleeves up and get to work to try and get the line down.....If their off the clock...that is fine, but no need to distract the ones that aren't.

Overall, these cheese steaks are PHENOMENAL. I would have given them 5 stars, but until Max's step their game up on their service (i.e. get the lines down, get people in and out, be more efficient when it comes to their lines when it comes to ordering/picking up food) that won't be happening... If the neighborhood is a concern, go in the daytime or bring a friend or two....Max's is definitely in my top two fave...
We did our research and wanted to go where the locals go, and Max's was the winner!! lol If you like a lot of meat on your cheesesteak, then this is the place that you want to go.  It's definitely in the hood, but for those who are concerned the local folks are pretty down-to-earth and laid back. I think the area knows that Max's cheesesteaks our popular so naturally expect all different types of clientele. I thought it was cool how they had a bar connected to it where you can sit down and eat and wash it down wit a good drink lol. I definitely recommend Max's. We drove from DC  for the weekend and Max's was DEF worth the visit!!
I'm not a native of Philadelphia so please do not take me as an expert.  But I do know what I like and I LOVED Max's Cheesesteak sandwiches.  Having had Geno's, Pat's, Jim's, Tony Luke's I'd rank Max's above them all.

I tried the (half) Mushroom Cheesesteak (whiz was my cheese of choice though I heard a combination of Whiz and American may blow your mind) with onions and Sweet Peppers.

These things are monsterous in size.  The "half" was roughly 12 inches long.  The "whole" was the size of a long french baguette.  I actually think the half is slightly bigger than half of a regular whole sandwich, however.

The steaks were perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Tender and flavorful.  The whiz is a must do if you want authenticity and it just rocks.  Onions and sweet pepper added that extra, great one-two punch.  You can do without the mushroom as I found they were bland and did not complement the sandwich that well.  I should've just gotten extra sweet peppers.

So here's what you do.  When you enter the shop, you walk up to the counter by the cook and tell him and only him your order.  The ladies by the cash register will only direct you back to the grilling top dog.  Tell him what sandwich you want, cheese and if you want mayo on it.  Then wait for him to grill the meat after which you can request if you want the peppers (YES!).  Then you walk forward along the glass divider to the cash register and pay.

Maybe it's the neighborhood or because Max's isn't as well known yet but unlike the other previously named Cheesesteak shops this is no tourist trap.  Locals come here.  I find that exponentially better as I hate dealing with long lines.  

All the locals before me actually ordered the chicken cheese sandwiches so you may want to give that a try.  But I'm a beef gal and their steak did not disappoint.
Damn this is hands down the best cheesesteak ever! $16.50 for a whole is worth every penny.. It was beyond packed but if it wasn't that would be an issue right? It was recommend by a philly native/a list celebrity friend of mine who knows his food. Every single person in line waiting were regulars and  had big bellies or was overweight... A sign that the cheesesteaks are greasy and gooey and yummy.. I elected for extra provolone and couldn't eat it all and it was dry as hell the next day (but still good) so I highly suggest u finish it all at once and don't save it for later.
For years I have traveled to Max's cheesesteaks all the way from Maryland twice a year to get my fix in. However, my love for these cheesesteaks has fallen off. Take in point last spring went up their for six yes six cheese steaks sandwiches. All the same way and usually they are spot on. This time they did not follow my order and added American cheese. They were the worst steaks I have ever had. I was so disappointed that I gave the last three away. My wife, who loves them, only ate a half of a half. I don't know why that they put that on our steaks because I sure did not ask for it. 

So, today I fly up to Max's from Baltimore. Told them exactly how I want them. Two cheese steaks one with fried unions one without. With provolone cheese that it. Nothing else. Right. Wrong they put mayo on the sandwich. I did not know it was this way until I arrive in Baltimore. Yea, I can just drive five hours in rush hour traffic up I-95 with $8 dollars in tolls for them to fix my sandwich. Really? 

Not Happy at all #followorders
First and foremost I thought I was gonna have to miss out on the whole "Philly steak" experience...I was so nervous to utter the words "I don't eat meat" in this long line of carnivores to man chopping steak with two knives. And I'm not going to lie when I said "I don't eat the meats" he looked at me kind of strange as if I said , I hate you and your funny looking mom" but there was a lady behind who said "what you say you want?" As she is saying the I my co-workers are laughing and hazing me but I felt safe with her so I mustard up my straight and said loudly " I don't eat meat is there anyway I can have one without the meat" she chuckled amd said " how about just mushrooms, peppers onion and cheese? you want mayonnaise you want mustard want cheese whiz? and from there I knew was going to get to Philly cheese nosteak experience!
I've lived in Philadelphia for over 20 years and can easily say that this is the best cheesesteak my city has to offer. 

Pat's, Geno's, Jim's, Rick's, Delassandro's, John's, Steve's, Chink's, Tony Luke's, Ishkabibble's, Leo's, et al. all deliver top-notch product, but none can match the quality of Max's.

This is the only spot where the chicken cheesesteak is as good as the beef, and food aside, the journey to Nicetown alone will give you a REAL taste of Philly. Heheh
Agreed, BEST cheesesteak in philadelphia. I need not say more.
Mmmmm WORTH the wait . Came here off of recommendations from friends that live here and lived here, was told to avoid the tourist traps , you know the places . 

Max's isn't aesthetically pleasing so if that's a concern for you then don't come . Also, do expect a wait, ours was an hour (10pm -11pm )they work an assembly line and have one cook working the grill, this isn't jersey mikes people. 

Taste factor , 9/10 I forgot to tell them pickles with my cheesesteak, but other than that we ordered a whole cheesesteak with onions and sweet peppers. I also feel the bread is important in a good cheesesteak, Max's was perfect , not crunchy and hard, soft enough to soak up all that mayo, cheese, and moisture from the steak, don't forget to add the ketchup . This was a perfect end to our stay in Philly after our killing of the Steelers! #GoEagles #MaxsSteaks 

I gotta bring my sis here ... YUM
Essential tips for anyone thinking about going to check out Max's:

If you can, take the broad street line (orange line) to Erie. Way easier than finding parking. And only about a 15 min ride on the express (green) from City Hall. Just be aware, there is no express train on Sundays (only local) so plan accordingly.
When you walk in, you'll notice a menu with lots of different options, but you should just go with the usual because it'll be faster and because it's delicious. You can pick either a whole roll or a half (which is more than enough for a single person) and they will automatically put American cheese slices on it.
Ask for provolone! I personally like provolone better and they will totally accommodate.
Also definitely get the grilled onions. 
They will take the bread + cheese and flip it on top of the meat so that when they turn the sandwich right side up, the meat sits perfectly in the roll and melts the cheese. The roll won't be crunchy or toasted and some may say it gets a little soggy but its glorious.
And finish that bad boy off with salt, pepper, and ketchup.
And finally, make sure you HAVE CASH. There's an ATM inside but let's be real, can't be bothered with that ATM fee.

Now grab a ton of napkins, a couple friends, buy a couple steaks, and enjoy!
This is definitely a place for locals instead of tourists. There was a line at 4:30pm on Saturday afternoon, and everyone in the line was from the neighborhood.

We ordered the cheese steak ($8.25 for 12 inches, $16.50 for 24 inches). You order in a line in front of the cooking area, and I have to admit, I was less excited about my order after watching the low quality beef bleeding on the grill.  But it was actually very delicious! I like that they have sliced cheese AND cheese mixed into the beef. It was moist and flavorful even though we literally only had beef, cheese, and onions on our sandwich.

About the neighborhood ~ As we drove closer to Max's, we noticed more abandoned buildings and trash in yards, but I actually really love the people in the neighborhood. During the 30 minutes we walked over to Max's and waited for our food, 3 different people just randomly started conversations with us. I wish the entire U.S. was that friendly!
I came here because EVERYONE from Philly said this place was the place to go for a good Philly cheesesteak. I beg to differ! Let me preface by saying if you are not fond of the hood then this place isn't for you so you can stop reading now. If you're adventurous like me then keep reading. We ended up having to sit at the bar next door (Eagles) because the line was long at Max's ($5 entry on Saturday nights). The waitress was nice but I didn't know if she worked there or was just one of the patrons because she was dressed like she was there to party. Back to the food...I am not a fan of ketchup on my Philly cheesesteak so when our sandwich came the first time REEKING of ketchup I was livid. Mainly because it took so long to come. I asked the girl initially that I wanted extra cheese and the sandwich didn't have the extra cheese I asked but a crap load of ketchup . We told her the order was incorrect and she had a slight attitude and I told her that we asked for extra cheese and she replies "that'll be extra money!" I'm thinking "Ok!" Then she says $1-$2 extra. Totally seemed like she made that price up but at this time I just gave her the money so I could get my food. As soon as our food came we left and went back to our hotel. If you're hungry then this place is for you. The sandwich is massive! If you like cheese sauce on your steak then I'm going to warn you that this place cheese sauce taste like the cheap cheese sauce they used to put on my cheese fries in high school. I wasn't thrilled. Again...if you don't like the hood then don't go. If you're looking for a late night place to eat a Philly where they give you ALOT of food then Max's is for you! #KariSentYou
Okay! Here's the real deal!  Asked all my family members and no less than 10 people on the street who had the best Cheesesteak. Hands down and over and over everyone said MAX'S.  The area is not hood!  There are a lot off people trying o get their hustle on but this AMERICA right? Any tourist should have caution; wherever they are. Hell, I lock my doors driving though Beverly Hills. So enough with where it's located.  Also, I can appreciate being able to buy Black Soap, a bootleg CD for $5 and some scented oil while waiting for my meal.  My only issue was I could not tip the cooks (there's a sign saying so). There super fine and really nice; especially the chocolate honey dip prepping the meal. I would of given him a free ticket to Cali! So in closing here's the deal. Want a great cheesetsteak at a great price? MAX'S is the place.  Want to stay away from tourist trip's; where you get less than what you pay for (GENO'S)  MAX'S is the  place.Looking for a place you might cana catch a hottie (great bar & music next door) MAX'S is the place. "Get it""!!! MAX'S is the place!!!!!!!
This is my Philly staple!! Everyone raves about Explores Den, Jim's etc but Max's is my go-to.  I can't get there quick enough.  The area is hood, you got the dude selling Shea, and oils but you gotta love it!  When you walk in and smell grease, onions, cheesesteak...you know you have arrived.  I ordered a cheesesteak with everything - hot peppers, cheese whiz, onions, mayo, and ketchup.  The line long but it moves fairly well and they only accept cash so have your  ready when you go.   The cheesesteak is worth the drive and the wait!  Oh they have bar next door too so it's good to have a beer or beverage to accompany your cheesesteak.
By far the best chicken cheese steak ever. The only downfall is the crazy line and how devastatingly slow it moves.
Long lines, yes. But the cheesesteak is WORTH the wait. Pricey, yes. But the cheesesteak is HUGE. I get at least 3 meals out of one if I order a whole one. Meat is tender, juicy and seasoned well. Get it any way you want but I always get mine with provolone, fried onion, sweet peppers and "ketchupsaltandpepper" (that's how they say it when asking if you want it on your cheesesteak). 

Neighborhood might look a little rough but I've never had an issue. In fact everyone I've encountered has been friendly, even the people who work here (unlike some people have experienced) but it's clear they aren't up to deal with your bs. Don't be rude and neither will they.
