Some co-workers invited me to happy hour at the spot a few weeks ago and at first I assumed it would have been expensive because of the area and because it's seafood. But little to my surprise they had a taco Tuesday and that pulled at my heartstrings. More surprising than the beautiful decor if anything was the prices! I did not expect there to be $2 per taco nor a $4 margarita! 
And the tacos were so good they were fish tacos with a corn salsa a little avocado and some cream. The tacos weren't small either. I promise you I can eat ALOT and after two of these, I felt pretty nice. Not full, but NICE 
 lol 
On the happy hour menu they also mentioned a $1 Wednesday that tickled my fancy. The view from the bar is nice and there are table options as well. It's not the biggest space but the decor is awesome. 
Can't wait to return and attempt to eat 4 tacos lol
My Old Friend...Time has not been kind to you!  I haven't visited McCormick & Schmick's in years..so I was thinking it will be a good time based on past experiences.  When we were seated in the main dining room I noticed that it was pretty empty!  The decor is outdated and the dining room is too dark!

We decided to have a cocktail to get the dinner started-we went with the Paloma and this tasted like watered down grapefruit juice?  We proceeded onto the appetizers and that was an order or calamari and lobster bites!  Both were overcooked and this was disappointing Becca we were hungry!  

At this point the manager appears and tried to smooth over the situation, but our feelings of being reassured that the entrees would save the day didn't happen!

I was so upset at the state of my scallops and lobster mashed potatoes (drowning in some generic cheese sauce...awful-not an elevated dish you would expect from an upscale restaurant)!

Returning to McCormick showed me that this is the restaurant that time has left behind!  If they don't do a make-over of the decor & menu--they can't possibly stay in business much longer!  

McCormick is living off the reputation of their past!  The 2nd star is because the staff and management are friendly and provided good customer service to a bad experience!
As an eat-out junkie, I've to admit that I don't enjoy chain restaurants, yet I came to McCormick & Schmick's in Restaurant Week for lunch. Don't even ask!!

I got the Chilled Gazpacho (fresh and tasty), followed by Shrimp and Grits without Andouille Sausage( and I think it would be better, if it was less greasy!) The Molten Lava Cake was probably one of the best cakes I've tasted in a long time!

However, the service wasn't on point- whatsoever! 
I questioned why there was no bread on my table. The waiter said, and I quote:" We don't serve bread at lunch, we save them for dinner time, unless it was asked for." Seriously?!!!!

Would I go back? I don't think so.
Two and Half Yelps
Happy hour is what you want here, not dinner. Service by Vinnie at the (crowded) bar and $1 buck a shuck oysters and shrimp on Wednesday nights are a good deal. And half of Philly was there to take part.

The $7 lemon drop martinis are well made, easy to drink and also a good bang for the buck. 

One of the best happy hours in Center City. 

Skip the dining room, hang by the bar!
Best happy hour in the city if you can get there early. If not, you're taking a chance on standing around uncomfortably waiting for a table or bar stool. 
$1 oysters are decent just not my fav. Loved the shrimp and calamari. They also have happy hour burgers and other daily specials. 
Great location and solid food for happy hour or anytime.
Talk about miserable, this place is it. They hit the misery trifecta: food, service, attitude.

The food was a joke. For what they charge, I expect my food to look and taste fresh. I do NOT expect my food to appear as though line cooks from TGI Friday's had an "Iron Chef" competition to see who could create a menu out of the stuff that had been sitting in their walk-in for a month.

I don't even remember what we ate, because whenever I think too hard about that meal, I start crying uncontrollably in the corner of the room like I just had a bad acid trip.

Seriously, it was insanely bad. None of us ate more than half our food and we complained about all of it. They didn't seem to care and didn't offer us any apologies or to make up for it in any way.

Good for them. I say if you're going to ruin someone's birthday, don't half-ass it. Go all out.

The only reason I don't give it one star is because I actually do like the way the restaurant looks. Congrats on doing something right!

If you are looking for seafood in Philly, whether you are a visitor or a local, you can do infinitely better than here. I can't speak for the happy hour, which sounds like a good deal and is probably worth checking out since it's dirt cheap, but if you love your friends, don't eat dinner here.
***Restaurant Week 2019***

Well, let's just say I've had better. 

My boyfriend and I arrived 15 mins early to our reservation. We were greeted by some very friendly host that recommended we wait by the bar for our table. Our first unpleasant experience of the night was the bartender who immediately asked for our IDs. Didn't greet us at all. My boyfriend even had a question about the menu and he interrupted him to ask for his ID again. After that, he made our drinks and we overheard him complaining to his coworker about "that's restaurant week for y'all".

It sucks that during this time, restaurant staff often belittle customers.

Anyway, the food wasn't that great. There was absolutely NO flavor and for the small portions you received (because we ordered off the regular menu too) it's not worth the prices at all. There are other high-end places that are worth the buck. Good luck if you go.
The most disappointing trip to a supposedly good restaurant I've ever had in Philadelphia. 
The server was inattentive, unhelpful, and downright bad at her job. Her other tables at least got their bread baskets, while we were made to feel like a nuisance for asking for anything. The other waiter at the table next to us explained the menu, recommended wines, and even cracked pepper for their meals when they arrived (in a reasonable amount of time).
We, on the other hand, waited half an hour for simple appetizers that were half butter--so much so that I couldn't eat my meal. 
My boyfriend asked for substitutions for his gluten and dairy allergies, and was told that everything was pre made and nothing could be changed from the menu, when he had visited previously and had things adjusted for him, without protest.
Clearly it's possible to get good service here, but it's not guaranteed by a long shot.
We spoke to the manager on the way out, and he didn't seem to care very much either. Offered an apology but nothing to make up for it. "If I'd known about this earlier, I would have done something." No, it shouldn't have happened to begin with.
If I could give this no stars I would.  My boyfriend and I went here in February 2009 after receiving a gift card.  If you want bad service and overpriced frozen food (with dirt) this is the place for you.

We called the restaurant and were told there were many vegetarian friendly options on the menu. This was untrue. My boyfriend's mussel appetizer had a ROCK in it. His linguini with clams contained a SHELL FULL OF SAND which made the entire dish gritty and inedible. My vegetarian stir fried vegetables with coconut rice was a bland mix of steamed celery, carrots and broccoli with plain white rice (no sauce) and absolutely no source of protein. Our flourless chocolate cake was frozen. 

We complained after every bad dish was served, each time our server said "sorry."  We were assured by our server that the bill would be corrected.  When the bill came, we were charged $21 for the "vegetarian entree" and also charged for the linguini with clams. The mussels had been removed from our bill. After sending the bill back we were still charged for some of the inedible dishes but the price of the veggie plate was corrected.

Terrible experience!
So I am in this place a lot because I work upstairs.  On the upside, service is usually REALLY good (although my last lunch took over an hour to hit the table, an unforgivable sin in the world of center city lunch joints).  The food is also fairly consistent.  The downside is that much of the menu is fair to crappy.

On the upsides there are a couple gems on the menu if you're going for lunch - and this in one of the few bars in the city which serves Amarula Cream... making the Happy Hour worthwhile.  (if you haven't had it, order one on the rocks and thank me later).  If you do lunch right now I'd recommend the Mahi Mahi (with crabmeat and sweet potato hash) or the Tilapia (with rum butter and cashew crust).

Finally, if you have kids, call ahead and ask to be seated upstairs.  They have booths with curtains - meaning your kids can go a little nuts without bothering other guests.
Couldn't have been more disappointed. Gone is the Maryland crab chowder, the best thing on the menu. Gone also the pan fried whole deboned fish specials. My $12 Martini was oddly salty, like a dirty Martini would be. And WTF happened to bread service. No bread, no rolls, no nuthin'. And room temperature mashed potatoes from a box. 

This place is now a very expensive Red Lobster. Never again.
always a reliable happy hour choice. the food is SO cheap, and they don't skimp on portion size. there's a wide variety of happy hour drinks as well, ranging from beer to wine to cocktails. the only downside is that happy hour runs pretty early (3:30-6pm) so it's often hard to get out of work early enough to make it.

as for quality, the food is just average in my opinion, but i like having more seafood choices than other normal american restaurants offer.

this location, like most mccormick & schmicks, is huge. meaning you'll never really have to wait, and there's plenty of space whether you're going for lunch, happy hour, or dinner. so if you're looking for a solid and cheap meal, this place is a safe option for you.
Although the service was outstanding and I really have to compliment the server, Mark, I have to admit that, overall, I was actually rather disappointed with the meal.

The atmosphere was nice, and the menu selection appeared to be extensive, but the meals themselves were rather small, especially for the price, and under-seasoned.  A friend of mine had the salmon and asparagus pasta, but could barely taste anything, and while my accompaniments to the ahi tuna were really flavorful, I couldn't glean any flavor from the actual tuna.  

The desserts were  a highlight, but for someone sensitive to lactose, there were no options, which was a shame. 

Overall, I would only recommend this restaurant if the price does not matter and nor does the flavor of the food (or lack thereof).  BUt, again, the atmosphere and teh service were wonderful!
**** CHEF'S TABLE REVIEW ****

The Chef's Table is a promotion offered to frequent diners. After you accrue 4000 points (1 point equals $1 spent) you can exchange those points for a free dinner at the Chef's Table for 6.

This event is supposed to be a big deal, and we specifically went to the one in Philly versus Cherry Hill as we felt this place more elegant and the staff more polished. Our server (Jeff I think) was in charge of training the Cherry Hill staff, and one of the stars show above is for his excellent service.

A big deal it was decidedly not. Part of the excitement of the meal is the Chef walking you through the specials of the night and any exceptional dishes he may have available for you, his 'personal' guests that evening. The Chef didn't appear at all, although Jeff did an admirable job of highlighting the night's offerings and making us feel welcome. The manager (I think) walked over once to check on us and welcome us as well. A quick check of the M&S website assures me they do actually have a chef, although unlike Denver and some other cities he\she is not mentioned by name. 

The only nod we had all night that this meal was not an average experience at M&S was a complimentary appetizer consisting of a seared scallop with balsamic reduction over a green pea risotto. Now this was free, so I won't say anything bad and will highlight what I liked about it.

Moving on to the appetizers, the coconut shrimp were the same ones you get at any restaurant anywhere. The shrimp cocktail was very nice, with five large shrimp. The mussels were well received, although I'm not a fan of these so I passed, and the tuna was tuna. Nothing special, good, but we could have been in a TGI's, or any of 100 other places.

The oysters were a mixed bag. as my photo shows, some were nicely plump, others were barely there. I am well aware that oysters vary by nature, but if you look closely at some of these they are barely more than two tendons in a shell. If I was paying for them, I would have sent them back, and shame on the kitchen for sending these out to Chef's Table.

Two of my guests (we ended up with 5 due to a last minute emergency cancellation) ordered the 2 1/2 pound lobster, another guest and I ordered the king crab legs, and the final guest ordered the Sea Bass.

They were out of 2 1/2 pound lobsters so each guests was served one 1 pound lobster and one 1.5 pound lobster. Although a nice save, why on earth would you not have a couple 2.5 pound lobsters in in CC Philly, especially when you knew you had a Chef's Table coming in. Heck - I'd make the special a 3.5 pound lobster! 

The food receives 1/2 a star. It was unremarkable. The crab was really frozen. Now I know it's possible, but very hard and expensive to get fresh crab. That's not what I am saying. What I am saying here is that this crab was frozen so long it lost most of its taste. That or they boiled the heck out of it, although the slimy texture was more reminiscent of freezer burn than overcooking, which tends to make it tough. Either way it was bland. The lobster was lobster, apparently better than the crab, and the sea bass was nice. ZZZzzz. How sad. 1/2 a star for the food. No one even tried here.

So where does the last star and a half go? One star to Kelly, the bartender. I almost gave this review 4 stars just based on her drink, but decided against it because for Chef's Table, this dinner was truly disappointing and I didn't want to give any one the impression that M&S delivered on a night of wows. Our waiter was great, and this drink was great, but those two excellent ends of the meal do not make up for the experience in the middle.

Her drink (I think it's actually called Kelly's cocktail) its a mixture of Patron's coffee tequila, espresso, and a float of hand shaken semi whipped cream with a sugar cocoa rim.  This is the best coffee cocktail I have ever had, period.

This drink is delicious. You can't taste tequila, you taste love and happiness. You want to drink it right down and drink two more right away. I am not kidding. Four of us sat at the bar on another nite, each with very different palates, one who HATES tequila with a vengeance (threatening me the whole time that it better not taste like tequila or else) we all drank these down like someone was trying to steal them out of our hand. We drank the second one down like children trying chocolate for the first time. The third one disappeared like vapor. They were more, many more, (we took PATCO) and they were great. I want one RIGHT NOW. Kelly - you rock and your drink made my evening there amazing. I look forward to seeing you again.

The last 1/2 star goes to Katey. Katey is the shucker/manager/personality who appears and disappears through the crowd making sure all is in order and everyone happy. I had not one bit of shell in my oysters, but we'll see when I come in for your 100 oyster challenge! She also scared a nare do well off our seats while we stepped out for smokes.
I was a little underwhelmed by McCormick and Scmick. It was my first time here. I went with several friends for lunch during Restaurant Week. I generally try a place I haven't been during Restaurant Week to see if I like it enough to pay full price. I'm not willing to pay full price here.
It's a beautiful place with a steakhouse atmosphere. It wasn't crowded for a late lunch. We requested a window table when we arrived and were accommodated. 
The Restaurant Week menu had a variety of choices. The waiter brought bread but there was only a small amount of butter.  He filled our water glasses at the beginning but had to be flagged down for refills. The lemonade was extremely sweet, no tartness at all. At $4 a glass, it should've been better.
The salad was large with fresh greens. It was a simple salad similar to so many other places just greens with nuts and blue cheese. The salmon was cooked perfectly and had a nice presentation. The portions were bigger than I expected. The crime brûlée was also fairly large and delicious! The berries on top were fresh. 
The lobster bisque ordered as an extra at $15 was tiny and disappointing. 
Our waiter was nice but barely smiled. 
Although the food was good, I expected more of a high end experience here
Really?
I was just told by the "manager" that because I don't have a "collared shirt" that couldn't be served.
I come to this place atleast twice a week with friends.
We always make sure that the waiter's are tipped well!!
I've never had an issue.
But today I can't dine-in because I don't have a collared shirt on IN 90 DEGREE WEATHER!
When the rest of the WORLD is trying to stay healthy (wearing a mask)with all of what's going on??
Someone needs to revisit this policy!
It's going to hurt your waiter's .

I come there mainly because of the bar staff!
They're alway friendly and service orientation!
And their business is being hurt by this shallow policy.
A collared shirt?!
There are a ton of great restaurants in Philadelphia that don't have such a policy.

Get it together!!
Kevin H
This restaurant was really under whelming. We went as a large group and we wouldn't suggest visiting again. The service was mediocre and the food was mediocre for the price. My co-worker ordered the special and shortly after he ordered, our waiter stopped over to tell us they ran out. How do you run of that night's special? 2/5 wine glasses we had were dirty. 

Overall - very under whelming. Wouldn't stop here again for the price and the meal we received.
Absolutely terrible and condescending treatment by the hostess and manager. For people in the service industry, I expected more. Came in for an event for black attorneys in the area and I was denied entrance because the dress code had recently changed to 'business casual' and my attire was unsuitable. My coworkers and I pointed out the other patrons in athletic clothes seated in the dining area. The hostess was extremely rude and dismissive. Disappointed in the treatment I received and will be following up.
DO NOT GO HERE - FOOD POISON ALERT

My fiancé and I stopped in Christmas night and sat at a high-top in the bar area. It took 15 minutes to be approached with menus. 

After we were served our first course (I had the lobster bisque and my fiancé had an arugula salad), we still didn't have silverware for an additional 5 minutes. 

We ate a pretty average meal compared to the Philly restaurants we've grown accustomed to. I had a filet and lobster and my fiancé had the filet and stuffed shrimp. It was cooked okay, but showed up cold to our table.

I woke up this morning to my fiancé draped over the toilet throwing up. I proceeded to do the same, and the substance coming out the other end wasn't any better.

I called to make them aware that they were responsible for my fiancé and myself's illnesses, and they dodged any responsibility - at one point telling me that the meal I consumed had "a lot of butter" and that's probably what is making us sick. Disgusting.

Do yourself a favor and don't eat here. Beyond there being much better steakhouses in the area, they poisoned me and didn't take any responsibility for it.
Dinner was going well.  We had a round of drinks and the calimari app which was really good.  Attentive server, good pace to the meal.  Then our entrees came out....

Swordfish was good.

The Mahi special (topped with crabmeat) was another story.  It was flat out raw.  The plate was sent back for a refire.  Instead of a new meal we received the the same piece of fish (now overcooked to the texture of a Pirelli), the crabmeat vanished and there was what appeared to be soup where the mashed potatoes used to be.  Mull that over for a minute.  A piece of fish I bit into was tossed back on the grill with your entree.  

Refire was sent back and we told the manager to take it off the check.

1 for 2 does not cut it.  Interesting that a fine dining establishment would address the issue that way instead of tossing and starting over.  I've seen Friendly's handle meals sent back to the kitchen in a better manner.
Given the less than stellar reviews, I was not thrilled when my friends decided they wanted to dine here for restaurant week. However, I kept an open mind, hoping that the low expectations I set would be fairly easy to clear. Unfortunately, the food was, for the lack of a kinder statement, just not that good.

I'll start with my drinks. I was in the middle of dry January, so I had two mocktails (unfortunately I cannot recall the names). They were so sweet that I needed to dilute them with water.

The food was not much of an improvement. My first course was the walnut mixed greens salad, which was basically a bag of arugula mix, a tablespoon of blue cheese crumbles, and ten walnuts (I could not taste the vinaigrette). It wasn't bad---after all, it's pretty hard to mess up lettuce and cheese, but it was pretty lazily constructed. My second course, the chicken francaise, actually was not bad either...but again, for the price, you expect something more than freezer quality breaded chicken. The worst part of the meal was undoubtedly the dessert, which was a blueberry ginger crisp that lacked ginger and didn't have even a single crisp. It was basically microwaved frozen blueberries topped with a spoon of ice cream and the smallest possible sliver of caramel. I took one bite and could not eat the rest. A complete waste of a course.

The service was the best part of the evening, which was fairly friendly and fast. The venue is beautiful, but unfortunately the food doesn't match the ambiance. After my experience, I can't say that I'm in a rush to return.
We went to McCormick & Schmick's the other day for my step-mom's birthday, expecting it to be as great as it used to be.  Overall, it turned out to be a disappointing experience.

I'll start with the high points first:  it's a nice atmosphere, location and for the most part the food was decent.

The worst part about the experience was the service... it was horrible. 

What happened first was my step-mom received a very watered-down martini. Of course she let the waiter know about it and then the manager came over. We were expecting some kind of apology and a new drink right away, but instead the manager defended the martini and recipe, saying something along the lines of "well that's how we make it." He then came over and poured room-temperature gin in the martinis to try to make it right.

The service we then received from the waiter was consistently bad. While he was a charming guy, he rarely filled our glasses of water, didn't clear the dirty dishes from our table, was slow to bring us our bread, etc. Then, the icing on the cake (no pun intended) was that he forgot to bring a birthday candle for my step-mom's desert (and we had made it clear to him that it was her birthday)... at a high-end restaurant like McCormick and Schmick's, the service should be better than this. 

Other low points:  the octopus disappointing. Some of our food was cold when it shouldn't have been. The cheesecake for desert wasn't too popular. 

I actually wanted to give the feedback privately to McCormick and Schmick's but there isn't an option to give feedback privately.  Hope this helps to bring the restaurant back to where it used to be.
what a terrible experience! if i could give this crap no stars, i would! We were seated at 7:30p, and by the time our entrees came, it was 10:30pm - and they were cold and not what we ordered! The kitchen as chaos - the waiter was screaming at the chef, the food was bad. The only thing that was good was the wine -it's hard to screw that up! Don't waste your time going here!
This is a perplexing restaurant. Initially, I thought McCormick and Schmick's was kind of classy in an antiquated way. The interior design reminds me of a yacht club. I was surprised that they had paper menus. Plastic sleeves are super cheap so I don't know why they would just give you a piece of paper, unsheathed. The service was wonderful, but our waiter was too nice...to the point of sounding servile. I know they are probably coached to speak the way they do, but the waiters all had this bizarre, affected way of speaking that made me feel uncomfortable. 

The seafood was decent. I really enjoyed the mussels. The lobster bisque was unexpectedly sweet and kind of tasted like pure butter after a few bites. There was a crostini with lobster meat in the middle that got really soggy and unappealing. My friend got the filet mignon and it was great. The façade made me think this place was a big deal but I am not really a fan.
Meh is about right....We arrived and waited for our party of 10 at the bar, where we were treated to overheard complaints from the waitstaff who obviously did not want to be there.  (Hey owners, if you can't sell the experience to your employees, you are NOT going to sell it to your patrons).  We unsuccessfully tried to grab the attention of the bartender, although the crowd was very light.  When my date asked for the scotch selection she directed him to get up and go look for himself at the bottles down at the end of the bar for himself...huh?!?  

The rest of our crowd assembled and we were brought up to our private dining room...OK...I was impressed by the old school layout, and all of the rich wood tones and pleasant spa like music..but the place is showing it's age..if just a bit.  Probably could be better maintained.  Once we were seated, it felt like we were in our own private dining cabin on the Titanic...and for good reason...haha...

Ok, so our waiter arrives, flatly introduces himself (I'll keep his name to myself for karma purposes) and we try to make small talk with him...well the lights are on but no one is home.  So he awkwardly asks for our drinks, and takes off.  The rest of the night, we are treated to his obvious distain for us, and it did put a damper on the mood.  

It was restaurant week, and we were told we could order individually either off of the $35 restaurant week menu or the regular menu, which I appreciated..but secretly, I wasn't inclined to spend anything more than the $35 as the experience so far was not worthy...

Ok, here is why the place didn't get one or two stars...the food's not bad!  The Brie Crostini was well done, but mostly wasted as there was not enough bread presented.  The second choice was the fried calamari...which was quite a large portion, but pretty run of the mill.  My mixed seafood grill and mixed veggies was outstanding and saved the day.  Cudos to the chef, and the quality of the ingredients.  Nice presentation as well.  They were out of the chocolate cake and cheesecake :( so I ordered the red velvet cake...which was a major dissapointment.  It was a massive slice of dense brick like cake with a cherry drizzle that caused it to be soggy and unappealing.  I did also order a cappuccino that was a winner.  

All in all, good food, nice atmostphere, but horrible service...which I feel is a reflection of very poor management.  Someone should come in and rescue this Philly institution that flanks City Hall.  It's a to die for location.  But in a city with amazing restaurant choices, I'd have no reason to ever ever ever return...
I dined here yesterday for restaurant week and wasn't very impressed. My appetizer was underdressed and my sisters was overdressed. The bread was very good as well as their butter. The salmon entree was cheap salmon, which is expected at a diner or Friday's but not a seafood place. Also the shrimp & grits reminded me of a Spanish omelette salsa flavor. Creme brûlée texture was off. My drink that was $11 didn't taste of liquor at all and didn't feel like it either lol. My server was fine, a little slow but he was busy. 

If you're looking for great seafood go to Ocean Prime you won't be disappointed.
The food is amazing. Loved everything my tablemof four ordered. 
1. Lobster bisque- the best I have ever tasted. 
2. Ribeye- cooked to perfection 
3. Ahi- very good and tasted fresh 
4. Chicken crusted parm- very good for a Non steak eater 

Service....quite terrible. I understand it was busy but Eeks! It slowed down and still had bad service with an attitude. We ordered a bottle of wine (a pretty expensive one), and it took at least 20 minutes to come out. When it finally came out she couldn't open it and had to go grab a different opener. 

Food took a long time to come out. We even had to inquire about it. Turns out they were out of one of the fish dishes one of us ordered so she did not put in our orders and waited to tell us. 

My soup came out as a cup as opposed to a bowl that I ordered. She said nothing to remedy the situation. I ordered another cup and was charged for that full price. As opposed to a bowl which I ordered in the first place (2.00 cheaper). Yes, it's only $2 but it was the point of it all. 

We also noticed that all the other tables had bread so we finally asked for bread which ended up going great with my soup. But I kind of thought that would be assumed that we would get it. 

So overall, absolutely loved the food but for the price I would not go back just because of service
One of the worst dining experiences ever.  You can really feel that they cut corners everywhere.  

Restaurant was more than half empty but they are minimally staffed.  Waitress was overworked and you have to ask for everything after hounding her down.... everything!  more water, new plates, bread....  I felt bad.  

Soup came out cold.  Was afraid to send it back... it felt like a place they might get upset if you do so.  

Calamari was half filled with cheap vegetable fry fillers.  Mussels were the smallest I have ever seen.  They were out of both salmon and mahi mahi.  Told me that they didn't get delivery yet.  Which means everything else they actually have must be old.  Tuna was the tiny portion and bland.  Stuff shrimp was okay but the sides was like prison food.  Fish Taco was probably the best dish, but hard to screw that up.

All of it felt like some cheap buffet food at best.  Most diners have better food and service than this place.    

And the worst part... It is expensive.  

Do not go.  This place needs to close down and make room for something better.
*Pre COVID19* The food that I got is no longer offered anymore.

My colleagues and I went to McCormick & Schmick's for restaurant week. I understand it was restaurant week, but we ended up waiting for an hour for our food and the restaurant wasn't even at full capacity.

The Asian shrimp dish was overpriced. I'm pretty sure they used Mae Ploy Sweet Chili Sauce and fried the shrimp. It was good, but for the price they charge, you're better off cooking that at home.

The salmon was dry, and the quinoa was undercooked. I can't forget the combination of the dry salmon with the crunchiness of the quinoa.

Go to this place only if there is happy hour and no other options.
Funny that this place has 3 stars because thats exactly what I was planning to give it. I've been here for the happy hour and it was ok I suppose. The drinks were nothing special, the chicken wings were horrendous and the burgers were just huge and thats about it. 

I took my family here for Father's Day because the seafood was raved about. And it was very good. The mussels, crab cake and scallops are delish. Dessert was great too (carrot cake). But you know, its those little things that brings the experience down; stained tablecloths, waiters with dirty jackets, and paper menus. 

I would say go here for decent seafood but don't expect elegance; its one of those places that looks lavish from the outside but then skimps on the details in the inside.
This review is solely for the happy hour they offer from 4pm -6:30pm Monday - Friday. None of the dishes were more than 6 dollars, they had everythings from burgers to calamari. We had the potstickers, black mussels and calamari, I also had a mojito. The food was good but it wasnt great, it was average. The calamari was just that, lightly battered and friend ,no special seasoning even though it wasnt chewy it had a nice texture. The mussels were cooked right as well but it was nothing that knocked me off of my feet. And Ive had better potstickers at a local sushi spot.

Overall the experience was good but  for a great happy hour for the same prices I would always recommend Sampan just a few blocks away. If you want American finger food then this is the place.The Mojito was good, they didnt  get cheap with the mint but it was more sweet than alcohol.
6 of us went for a friday night Restuarant week dinner. My first mistake was forgetting to read Yelp before making a last minute reservation. Had I read the reviews like I always do beforehand, we would be eating burgers or something way better for half the price.
Service: Mixed feelings about this. We were greeted nicely when I told them about our reservation. They were willing to seat us without all the parties being there, which is nice. However, when our last 2 friends showed up, they overheard the same hostesses giving other customers without reservations a hard time.... "what? it's restaurant week and you don't have a reservation? gosh. ok. I guess I have to see if we have anything for you!" God forbid they do their job huh? Luckily that was not done to our friends because if so, we would probably all had to get up and leave...or maybe it should've....
Our waitress was OK. She didn't give us any bread. She came once in a while. She didn't ask everyone how the food was.
We had another waiter that guided us to our upstairs table, poured our wine for us. I think he took offense at my husband's comment or story. After he gave my husband the testing of the wine (half price all night on fridays), my husband mentioned to the table about how he knows some other guy that makes a big deal out of it. Well the waiter decided to join our conversation, which is normally fine, but his tone was rather sarcastic. We were supposed to laugh at his jokes but it was more like he is making fun of customers, which were us.

Food: our food came slowly and 3 trips at a time. Therefore, everyone would have to wait extra long to eat. Some of us ordered the restuarant week menu. The appetizers were not very good looking to me. But we were so hungry we all finished it. The chill platter came with 2 slices of "rare" tuna, a bite of cocktail shrimp and 2 oysters. The color of the tuna was TOO red. It looked almost fake. I will see if my husband goes to the bathroom a lot tonight. No one talked about the oysters so I am assuming it was edible only. I had the seafood corn chowder which came luke warm and had 1 baby shrimp.
We waited forever after the appetizers. So when the wine guy came back I asked for some bread. He replied with a very sarcastic Yes sure. The 2 chunks of bread were not enough for 6 people and it was cold. Like sitting in the fridge cold. Once again, I was still hungry so I ate it. 
Our entrees were luke warm and arrived in 3 batches again. The halibut was tasteless. It was breaded and served with huge couscous. My mahi mahi was dry and previously frozen. It actually looked very amateur. Like something someone tried to make at home. It came with sweet potato crab hash with bbq sauce. All I tasted was BBq sauce, dry fish and I saw some bits of crab meat at the end. And yes, I ate that too because I was still hungry and also the thought of how much I was spending bugged me.
My husband ordered the chocolate cup with mouse for dessert. That was eh OK. I am glad I didnt pay extra $5 for dessert. Our friend didnt finish hers at all. She didnt finish her entree either.

Our bill for 2 of us came to almost $100. We should've gone to ur favorite Shinju sushi instead.

This is very disappointing because we have been to other McCormicks before and they are always excellent. Atlanta, Austin etc.
This location is a shame for the whole chain.

I do not recommend coming to this place, esp if there is an advertised good deal. I know they have cheap happy hours but I would not waste that money. Center City has so many other restuarants to go to.
Our waiter had to come to our table twice after we placed our order:  first, to tell us they were out of the tuna & then (after several in our party had to reorder), to tell us they were out of the mahi mahi. As a major, multi-million dollar chain SEAFOOD restaurant in the heart of center city Philadelphia, how you can run out of two major fishes on a Saturday night I will never understand... & therefore will never be back.

We were extremely disappointed, especially since many of us have had more than enjoyable experiences at M&S in other major cities. This is unacceptable from the management, for the patrons and servers alike. While the series of events was not our server's fault, he was forced to take the majority of our table's frustration.

The manager on staff did work with us & compensated us for some of our troubles, so I added another star for his acknowledgement of the problem.
Felt like I was robbed with out a gun. Food was ok, way over priced! Although the menu stated a set price. The bill was itemized at "market price" ie: shrimp $4.50 , shrimp $4.50, shrimp $4.50 etc. 
dinner for two, 2 apps , 2 entrees and 2 drinks. A whomping $164.00 without tip!

Never again will I go there!
Was in the city doing holiday stuff and stopped in M&S, not our first choice, but Ruth's Chris had close the nearby location, and car parked at Wannamkers.  We placed orders for drinks, one salad, one app, entree.  Salad and app came within a reasonable time, but drink took forever to come.  They either brought the wrong drink, or they honestly thought that an SoCo old fashioned should be served in a martini glass or didn't know how to make one (WTF?  Heard of Google?).  Sent that back, ordered another drink, which never came.  We were trying to flag down the server so that we could get water glasses filled, as app was spicey. Our server was no where to be found for 45 minutes.  We decided to leave, and we went to Morton's, which coincidentally, is owned by the same parent company (Landry) that M&S is.

We were chatting with our server and told her what happened at M&S.  She told us, that she, personally, sees about one customer a month who walks out of M&S and goes to Morton's (If this is what ONE person at ONE restaurant is noticing, I can only imagine the traffic that's heading into nearby restaurants like Capital Grill or Fogo de chao, etc).  She was telling us she took family there (she get's a discount as a Landry's employee) and had seen pretty much what everyone complaines about, both as a customer and as someone in foodservice industry.
I mean the food is good, the staff is good, the service is good, and the atmosphere is good.  Everything is good, but good is about the only adjective I can use for everything.

What I'd really like to say about this place is that whenever my dad comes into town we ALWAYS have to eat here.  Come to think of it, he's got some sort of Mcormick and Schmick-dar for whatever major city we got to.  

The bottom line is no matter what, he pays, and I'm STILL not pumped on going here ever.  If that's not some sort of sign I don't know what is.
Man, I was going to actually give this place a 4 star but then at the end of the meal, we found a thick wire mixed into the rice... that could've definitely taken out a tooth... and it also makes me wonder how many health code violations this place has. Oh well, we were at the end of the meal and no point in complaining. And we didn't have an upset stomach so all was well...

Other than that the food was phenomenal. The fish were cooked perfectly right which is very tough and both fish we ordered (tilapia and branzino) had a very nice nutty crust. The shrimp scampi was very garlicky, just the way I like it.
I thought the food was great here. I recieved large portions which was surprising to me. Usually places this expensive give you a small amount of food. It was expensive but a nice experience. I went for my bday in 2007. The menu had a birthday message for me which I thought was cute. We had a private room upstairs overlooking the downstairs dining room. Our room had high walls and curtains in the doorway which made it feel very private. 

I thought the service was great. I just think its pricey because of it's location, not because of the quality of the food.
I had the worst experience at this restaurant! I went during restaurant week with my husband and three children. I literally had to wait to write this review so that I could calmly report what happened. I was excited about having a nice dinner with my family and looking forward to treating my kids to a high end meal ! Well, this was a DISASTER! I asked the hostess where we should park and she totally misdirected us. We arrived early and so I checked in with the front desk. Then we waited at the bar for an hour! Nobody came up to us to ask us if we wanted drinks ! Nobody came and said your table will be teady soon ! We were invisible! I finally had to go and remind the front desk that we had been completely ignored! They were completely unsympathetic! They finally seated us ! I will never go to this restaurant as long as I live ! The service was beyond inadequate! The memory was horrific and I sadly paid way too much to be this disappointed!! Shame on you McCormick and whatever!! Your staff was rude and unable to rectify a bad situation! Leading me to believe you don't care about your customers at all! Or perhaps you don't care about the new customers during restaurant week !  I advise anyone that reads this don't go here! You can be treated well and get food in this city , only not here!
Had dinner here last night. Nice restaurant, quick seating and plenty of space for a Friday night. Food was good. I would come back for the food. 

We had beers with dinner, beers were a little on the warm side. Only complaint. Still drank them, can't waste a good Beer.
My food was mediocre at best. I had a stomach ache right after my meal and the entire day after. Horrible experience here the food was not worth the money. Thanks but no thanks epic fail
I first want to start by stating the service by Aubrey was great so thank you and for understanding when we moved to have desert in the bar.The clam chowder very good as well as my oyster selection. Lobster tails like butter and rib eye so tender Creme brulee excellent.Good prices
I wanted to give this place a try! Honestly disappointed! 

As soon as I sat at the bar I was greeted by an unwelcoming vibe from one bar tender/waiter. I had to get his attention for a happy hour menu. He immediately asked what I'd like to drink, and I responded with "water is fine". He gave me a few minutes to review the menu. I asked him what his favorite food on the happy hour menu  was and he immediately replied "you have to get a drink before you order the menu" and walked away.  

I looked at the drinks menu, but was not into any of the options.  I was getting up to leave and another bar tender/waiter stopped me to ask if there was something wrong. I explained I didn't want an alcoholic beverage and he said I could get iced tea - so that's what I got. I also ordered the fish tacos with him. I got the iced tea and it was too sweet. I asked for half a glass of water and mixed the iced tea in. I then waited for about half an hour to get my fish tacos, which were just okay. No seasoning, no taste.

I gave this place a try, but don't intend to return based on the Initial Poor service, and just "okay" food.
This review is for the Famous Happy Hour between 3:30pm to 6pm Mondays through Fridays.

I went to M&S with a group of 8 people in total for happy hour around 3:30pm and we were able to order pretty much everything off the menu over the next few hours. I personally had the prickly pear margarita ($6.95), which was okay but the best deal was definitely the half pound cheeseburger, which is pretty much a regular sized cheeseburger with all the fixings and a side of fries for $2.95. They cook the patty just right and where else can you get a full meal for $2.95 in Philly?

The sweet potato fries with ginger aioli ($1.95) were also amazing. Probably my favorite item on their happy hour menu. We happened to go on a Wednesday, so one friend was able to order the wings special (a dozen for $5).

There is a $3.50 drink minimum per person during happy hour. It will be applied to your check nonetheless, so make sure to get a drink as well (otherwise, your free water will be not so free). Service was a little slow (only one waitress was circulating the room when we went), but when we did have her attention, she was great!

Definitely will go again for happy hour!
Solid location for a solid chain. 
Stopped in while traveling so snagged a spot at the bar - the bartender Andrew did a great job; friendly, professional and even though the bar was very busy he stayed on top of everyone. 
Ordered the tuna appetizer which was tasty but a bit sparse. Overall a good spot.
I always judge a place on if I would realistically come back again. For McCormick & Schmick's, the answer is a firm no. 

The good (redeeming qualities):
-Happy hour was very reasonable although it is only at the bar
-The candied walnut apple pie was delicious
-The prices are not super expensive given the location right next to city hall 

The bad: 
-Our appetizers did not arrive until after our entrees were served
-It seemed like some of the food had been sitting out for awhile 
-The food was a little underwhelming; also was dry
-Portion sizes were not huge 
-They cancelled one of our appetizers without asking us (admittedly that was a blessing in disguise as we had already received our entrees and it would have too much)
-They mixed up the order of someone at the table
-We had to ask for things multiple times (wine glasses, drinks, etc) 
-It took a long time for the waitress to get back to us 
-Our waters were refilled only once over three hours 
-They forgot one of our desserts

All of the above could be overlooked as we did have a large party of 14 and some ordered off the restaurant week menu while others did not, but the behavior of our waitress was inexcusable. She was very touchy with all the men in our group, to the point where she ran her hands down their arms, rubbed circles around their shoulders, gave neck massages, wrapped her hand around someone's waist...!!!? It was shocking. 

Honestly looking back at the experience it was quite funny how abysmal the service was. The waitress also accidentally dropped one of the desserts on a child at the next table and gave him a high five as an apology. 

I do NOT recommend coming here for a meal. The bar may be ok for happy hour!
I hadn't gone here in several years and went to lunch here when my bf had a hankering for shrimp. Upon walking in I noticed immediately that the restaurant appeared to be out dated. The carpet seemed old and in need of being changed. 

The staff was both friendly & attentive. The service was quick & the food was good. The parmesan crusted flounder was great. The fish was tender and flavorful. 

This restaurant needs a face lift. I love the location but think this restaurant needs an upgrade.
I went here with very high hopes. I was sadly let down. We had oysters to start the meal. They weren't fresh and when we mentioned the issue the waitress didn't care. We then had the crab and shrimp salmon with mash potatoes and green beans. The salmon wasn't fresh either and the mash potatoes tasted like they were made from a box. I eat out quite frequently and I am very disappointed with the service and food here. Save your money and go to a different restaurant.
The general manager was very rude and nasty to start with! But the food was horrific under seasoned. It was so baddd, it's sad because my party and I was looking forward to eating here so disappointed!! Had to ask for water! Had to ask for rolls!! Don't waste your time!
Honestly, the worst service I ever experienced at an upscale restaurant. Half an hour to get drinks, hour before the food came out. The food was just okay, but the service ruined any kind of joy I would have got out of the food. I don't know what the reason for the bad service was, I was wondering why we should have such bad service in such a empty restaurant. I would avoid this place. 

There are much better restaurants food wise, and the service you receive here is so terrible that any kind of dining experience you are expecting is ruined. And after the horrible service, they had the nerve to want to offer us their points club or whatever. With service like that, I would not try to ruin the reputation of the company by offering me to join their club when they can't even get service right. Dreadful is the only word I can think of for the service I received at this restaurant.

I don't want to say it was because of our ethnicity because they seemed to treat other patrons that didn't look like us a bit better. I know it's a shame to have to think that way, but it just felt like we weren't welcomed here.
Restaurant Week Fail

I highly DO NOT recommend this place for restaurant week or any day of your life. It was disappointing and that is a mild statement. The service was outrageous. The food was cold and flavorless. I have never been so upset at showing up for dinner with my girlfriends. We almost tipped 10%, but ended up giving 15%. Center City Philadelphia has a phenomenal list of restaurants to choose from, not really sure why we ended up here. I guess convenience. I'm excited to go to Barbuzzo and Talula's garden for my birthday weekend. Oh and it was over priced for the absurd customer service and food quality we received. We also waited an hour and a half for our dinner entree. Did I miss anything. THIS PLACE SUCKS! It was a Monday. I also missed half of an eagles game for this meal. Not pleased.
My visit was perfectly fine. Not bad or great. It filled a need. Easy to get in, close to the Marriott. 

Our server did a great job. I sensed the restaurant is still feeling the effects of the pandemic as whole rooms or sections of rooms were empty. Other places downtown seem more crowded. 

McCormick and Schmicks is a safe bet, well located and a fine place to eat.
I have to say that though last night's New Year's Eve was a lot of fun with wonderful company, I will not be returning to McCormick and Schmick's to eat any time soon. We had a 9:15 reservation (party of 6) which we assumed would leave plenty time to head to a suitable spot for midnight, and we ordered before 10pm, but our appetizers came at 10:30 or so, by 11:15 we were asking after our entrees, and after we harassed the manager (our waiter was clueless and monosyllabic) they finally arrived, at 11:45, with obviously rushed preparation and wilted, ancient vegetables. 

At their prices they shouldn't be getting away with mediocre food, laughable slow service, or interacting with their customers robotically - our complaints were met with cold and surly responses, and they only comped the appetizers after hearing us discussing whether to walk out before the entrees came. Then the check adventures started - the appetizers were on there after all, so we had to send our checks (split to pairs) back for corrections. It's New Year's Eve and I'm signing a check at midnight. I remember a shambles of a family restaurant in the beautiful city of Granada, Spain, screwing up to a similar level on the same night five years ago, but this is a major upscale destination in the heart of Philadelphia, and the six course prix fixe at that other restaurant was the same price as a McCormick's entree.

We had a great round of drinks and dessert across the road at XIX afterward (a place with real class) but everyone should avoid M&S like the plague unless someone else is paying and you have hours to kill; and even then, try to recommend one of Philly's dozens of fabulous small business restaurants instead, where a $20+ entree tends to come with the requisite craftsmanship and the staff have personalities.
I have nothing but good things to say about the happy hour here! It's an early one (3:30-6pm), but I would highly recommend it especially if you're hungry because there are some good food deals. My friends and I split the calamari as an app, and it was delicious. There were also a few fried veggies in there for good measure. Two of my friends ordered burgers, which were full-sized and came with fries for only $4! The waitress also let them substitute the rosemary for regular fries, and those were great. I ordered the fish tacos, which were a little bland but ok. I think I might try the mussels or firecracker shrimp the next time I come. Drink prices were reasonable, and our waitress was very friendly and never seemed annoyed that we lingered even though the place was pretty busy. I would just recommend that you try to get here early because you can only get the specials in the bar area, and there aren't that many tables.
We dined on a Sunday night, our reservation was for 6:30 but we called and pushed it back to 7:30 and they kindly agreed to do so for us. 

When we arrived the manager or host (a gentleman in suit) asked a waitress to seat us at a specific table, she got upset apparently because this person had more tables than her already and she questioned it, he looked back at the screen and confirmed to her that she should seat us where he previously stated.

Our waiter was an older gentleman, and from the start it was clear that he was about to be "cut" for the evening and we were his last table. The service was rushed and he was inattentive. My boyfriend and I ordered drinks when we sat, he asked us immediately for our appetizer and food order, but we said we'd rather wait for our drinks to order appetizers and then decide on dinner. He returned with our drinks a while later and again asked for our appetizer and entree order. We put in both not wanting to push his buttons. He did not offer any recommendations. I ordered the Seared Tuna appetizer. It was super dry and very flavorless, we did not finish it. Before removing our plates he brought our dinner entrees to the table. I ordered the Alaskan King Crab Scampi style. I asked if the Scampi style was good and he said it was if you enjoy scampi. I do, it wasn't. 

My boyfriend finished his drink during dinner, and our server did not return to ask if he'd like another. We were not asked if we'd like dessert and in fact the check was brought to the table while i was still eating my entree, I paid and left and my plate was STILL on my table.

I'm definitely nit picking here, I would TOTALLY expect this type of service at most restaurants, But our bill was over $120, and we went to a place known for its seafood and service and legitimately left disappointed and feeling like we were bothering our server for even being there. I get that Sunday shifts can be slow but the inattentiveness was mind boggling. All his other tables were gone, and I assume he was doing his closing work in the kitchen, but then SOMEONE should have been keeping an eye on us.  

It's my understanding they have a cheap happy hour, I'd probably only return for that.
I didn't expect this touristy chain to be amazing but I didn't expect it to be THIS bad. We made last minute reservations for Christmas night after decided we didn't want to cook. 

Upon our arrival, the hostess was frantically running around shouting "I'll be with you in a moment" but then once she came to the podium, she began to argue with a waitress in front of us. Finally after circling the dining room  and passing up a window table, we were offered the table next to the kitchen. When I told her that was not going to fly we were seated two tables away in a booth with no table cloth, no napkins, wet glasses, and only partial silverware. 

As for our server, she was nice enough and tried to be very bubbly, but even she commented that we should thank our lucky stars for being seated so quickly, that the last party with reservations waited an hour. She did a good job and I can tell the entire place was stressed out about how busy they were. 

Onto the food. We had the lobster bisque, steak and lobster, salmon penne pasta, and some sort of crab tower salad. All of this was mediocre at best. The bisque was far too salty and I could only eat about 5 bites before i had to push it aside. The rest of the food was just tolerable. Nothing to write a rave review about but I should note both of us felt bloated and ill for the rest of the night. 

The icing on the cake was probably seeing the random halved and "grilled" roma tomato on my plate (see pics). I specifically asked if any sides came with my steak and lobster (and for the price I expected it should) and was told it had veg and mash. So when I asked if this was my veg and she answered yes I honestly burst into laughter. 

If people are going to come spend their hard earned money at your restaurant ESPECIALLY on a holiday, I think it's your job and obligation to provide outstanding service in the least. When I spoke with the manager to inform him that clearly they were in over their heads and should have warned diners before ordering that options were limited he stuttered his way through a crap apology making excuses and arguing with my statements. We were only offered a dessert to keep us from "leaving with a bad taste in our mouths." Too late buddy. I have 0 interest in your free dessert since I currently feel too sick to eat it. He then proceeded to rip his staff a new one in the kitchen which was in ear shot of most of us sitting near it. 

I wouldn't recommend this to anyone as I can only deem it an overpriced sizzler. In fact, I might have been happier with sizzler since lets be honest, they have a rockin salad bar.
Overrated & overpriced

I had the M&S strong island - yummers :-p
and the Ultimate Mixed Grill. Very underwhelming. The seafood was under seasoned. The green beans were undercooked. 

My friend had the crab cakes. They were delicious.
This is my favorite restaurant. I love eating at McCormick and Schmicks. You will not be dissatisfied eating here. I  have been to this restaurant in different cities and still the quality is the same. The staff is very attentive and knowledgeable, the food is amazing and the prices are right. The ambiance is lovely. Not too bright, and not too dim. It is a very cozy restuarant. It is perfect to take a date, or even a family get together. Make sure to have the crab and shrimp dip as an appetizer. LOVE IT!
It was Christmas night and very busy. Even giving slack for that it was the worst service I can remember anywhere. After waiting over 1 1/2 hours after ordering our food was bad. Chicken was dried out and tasted like it had been under a light. We didn't see our waiter for 45 minutes and didn't see him with many other tables either. Just bad. Will never go back.
When the food did come the orders were wrong. The silverware and dinnerware was dirty. The restaurant has begun a decline that I am not certain it can recover from. 

If the review is doubted take a look at the restrooms before you sit and place your orders. 

The restrooms looked as if the they hadn't been serviced since the lunch service.
There are just so many choices in City Center to eat, it is a challenge. My colleague and I chose this place since it was right across Broad St. from the Waldorf where we were staying. As chain restaurants go, it was satisfactory. I had the grilled blue fin tuna plate which was just 'okay'. I always think the M&S tries too hard to be upscale, but never really gets there. Given there are so many 5 star places to eat in a 6 block area here it is hard to compete I'm sure. So, the food was 'Meh', the atmosphere was nice I guess if you like to stare out at a bus stop with questionable pedestrians staring at your food while you eat (like Victor and Victoria where Julie Andrews stares through the glass at what the diners are eating...seriously, I'm not kidding here). Enjoy!
My office has been going here for lunch 3 or 4 times a year for the last 6 or 7 years, and we just got back from lunch today and I'm compelled to write a review.  Last time coworkers went here (maybe 6 months ago) they were very disappointed - 3 average scallops for $30 - but we gave it a go again.

Interior redesign is nice - but that was about it.  Our waiter, while seemingly a good person, wasn't a very good waiter (repeated everything back, soup as an appetizer wasn't delivered with rest of apps etc.).  Problem #1 was about 10 minutes after ordering drinks we were told they were out of Gray Goose vodka.  Either waiter should have known or told us quicker, and seriously how can you be out of that on a Thursday?  One of the water glasses on our table with filthy, though I think the waiter noticed that and he replaced them with new glasses when he brought our water.  

For entertainment we kept watching a mouse scurry around the floor under tables and between the feet of diners (it was a crowded lunch service).  We ordered the variety of oysters and every other time the waiter runs down the menu with what each oyster is - not this time - just dropped them off at the table.  The food was decent, but the prices have gone up about $2 / item and was no bread & butter brought or even offered. 

Definitely our last lunch here considering the price ($120+ for 3 people).
If I could give this establishment 1/2 of a star I would do so. It was poor on every level. I brought a client here for dinner last week and both of us left underwhelmed by the quality of food and service. We both ordered the crab cakes. They were a mushy conglomeration of some type of faux crabmeat, mixed with an abundance of filler with little or no taste. We requested that they be baked rather than fried and what we go was burnt. With all the restaurants in Center City Philadelphia, I place this one on my "Will Not Return" list.
Cold food, small portions, impatient server. Overall bad time. We had a large party and the server seemed very annoyed. I'm sure this was because she knew she had a guaranteed tip due to the party size. First and last time I'll eat a this restaurant. Too pricey to be this bad. Don't believe the hype
I'd like to break my review down into 3 parts: 1) service/decor, 2) food quality/freshness,and 3) presentation. 

1) The service was great. From the moment we walked in to the moment we sat down, we felt like we were treated very well. We were greeted warmly by the seaters, and then our waiter was especially friendly and accommodating. In fact, though he forgot the salad that I ordered to accompany my entree, he recognized his mistake and offered us dessert on him, which we happily accepted. The decor of the restaurant was also excellent: tall ceilings, nice, art deco-style lines and lamps throughout the dining area, warm, dark woods. I could easily see James Cagney or Humphrey Bogart drinking a martini at the bar here. 

2) The food was pretty good, though maybe just a bit heavy on the soy sauce. My wife and I ordered a Blackened Yellowtail Tuna with Bok Choy, and Seared Ahi Tuna with Wakame Salad, respectively. Though the fish was generally excellent, the wakame salad and bok choy seasoning were both just a bit on the strong side. The onions in my wakame salad could have been cooked slightly just to curb some of their sharpness. For dessert (which again was on the house) we had an upside-down apple pie with a caramelized walnut crust and cinnamon ice cream on the side-definitely the highlight of our evening (food-wise only, of course!). 

3) The foods' presentation was good. I suppose a 7/10 would be a fair score. Usually I don't care at all about presentation (once it passes a minimum threshold), but I figure that when a place actually attempts some kind of special presentation then they should be judged accordingly. McCormick and Schmick's did well in this area, and my Ahi Tune plate came out looking pretty delicious. I only wish I had pictures... 

Overall we had a good, if not great or excellent, experience at McCormick and Schmick's. I would recommend going there to try it at least once. However, with the amazing amount of other continuously new, local, and diverse dining opportunities in Philly, it honestly might be hard to return.
To be honest we were really looking forward to this place before our trip to Phillie, but left with less than what we imagined. While our wallets were lighter, unfortunately our stomachs felt similarly.  

It was a long wait for a table so when we went in we decided to eat at a table in the bar area. Therefore, i cannot really comment on the atmosphere of the dining area. We were taken pretty good care of by the bartender and only a couple times did I feel like I was really waiting for something. 

The gluten free options are okay, they have a few different items on their menu that qualify. The servers though were not really aware or informed when I asked any questions, the deer in headlights look has become quite common for me during this last year of being gluten free. Regardless, a steakhouse should be a pretty easy place for a g-free individual to navigate even without help. 

I ordered the crab appetizer which was my favorite thing I had here. It was pretty affordable and tasty. It was also quite pretty, pictures have been uploaded. The steak and lobster however, was highly disappointing for all of us. Three of us got the steak and lobster which was naturally, pricey. The sad part was that it looked as though one steak had been prepared and then sliced and divided amongst our plates..with one of my coworkers getting the last couple pieces. I had four or five pieces, one coworker also had a similar amount  and the last one had two or three pieces. Firstly, I had never seen a steak plated this way and second, well.. I just don't ever want to see it plated that way again. The lobster was also way over done. But I'll give credit where its due, the steak bits I received were cooked perfectly, and tasty. 

While my co-workers devoured all the bread in the basket to makeup for the lack of nom on their plates, I just had to watch them and envy their tolerance of the gluten... cause I too would have loved to nom some bread. 

So in short.. if you go, get the crab appetizer. If you want steak and lobster, you're better served at Outback, and your wallet will be better off as well.
Awful service. We sat down at the bar to watch the soccer game and asked for the game to be put on. After being ignored the bartender finally handed us the remote and said that he didn't know what channel it was on. We couldn't get the remote to work and pull up channel guide. So we left. It was just an indication of the bad service we would have had. Its Sunday July 10th around 3:45 pm. I hope the bartender gets fired. He sucks and is rude.
I've eaten here twice.  Was super impressed the first time about 3 years ago, and was left feeling lackluster and disappointed during my recent last visit.

The food was still as good as I remembered, but I'd forgotten how pricey it is.  I'm happy to shell out for good food, but after the unbelievably slow service I didn't feel like my check was justified.  It took 45 minutes for our dinner order to be taken.  45 minutes.  They weren't even slammed. 

I wouldn't go here again on my own volition.
M&S does brunch?! And what an amazing brunch it was! D and I went yesterday for Easter and had a great time. This was our waiters first time working Brunch and our first time attending M&S for brunch - so it was a bit comical watching our waiter attempt to recall all of the sides and nuances for each dish. But he did a great job and had a good personality. I had a Bloody Mary and D had a Mimosa - they count as a serving of fruit / vegetable, right?! I was disappointed that the Brunch menu had ZERO CRAB options and also mildly annoyed that the only seafood on the Brunch menu were shrimp and salmon. So I settled for Filet Mignon and Eggs and D got the pancakes and bacon. Brunch came with a fruit salad, assortment of breakfast breads, entree, and dessert. The fruit salad was okay, some of the fruit was not ripe and not very tasty. The breakfast breads were outstanding - cinnamon swirl, apple turnover, blueberry muffin, and a nut strudel. Then came the STEAK! It was out of this world! D seemed to like his pancakes - but I was too into my filet to really care! Holy [insert expletive here] the steak made up for all the earlier foibles! I will definitely be going back - especially now that I know they serve brunch every Sunday! Hopefully there will be a dish with crab soon!
I enjoyed the atmosphere and the service was good..but the 2 stars goes towards the expensive price for the not-anything-special meals.  The thing to get is obviously the seafood, but even this wasn't anything I'd go back for.  The appetizers are small and pricey, so consider this when ordering them to share.  2 stars = I wouldn't go back, there are better restaurants for the same price or less.
Stopped in for "buck a shuck" today due to having received an email invitation from M&S. What a stellar disappointment! Ordered a draft and 6 oysters to start. As I waited for them to arrive, other people took the seats next to me. They ordered, received their entries, ate their dinner, then paid their bill. Meanwhile, I'm still sitting there waiting for my 6 oysters. 40 minutes after ordering, they show up. I ate the first, and it was loaded with shell bits. Ditto with the second. Then it actually got worse. The remaining 4 were not even released from the shell! This was amateur hour at its worst. 
The manager was decent enough to not charge for the oysters, and comp'd the beer as well. 
What got me about this fiasco was that they should have been expecting people to order oysters, yet clearly did not have staff capable of even remotely properly shucking them. 
Suffice to say I will not be going back or recommending them to anyone, quite the reverse actually. 
It's a shame as this used to be a decent place to hang and enjoy some good seafood.
Pleasantly surprised by a happy hour that isn't dominated by fried food stuffed with cheese and drizzled with lard.

Went here during the later 9:30PM to closing happy hour round.  Food starts at $1.95 for a big oyster shooter, fish taco, nachos to a $2.95 1/2 pound burger, $3.95 for steamed mussels and chicken biscuit sliders, and goes up to $4.95 for a full philly cheesesteak and fried catfish bites.  There are other items too, but we didn't order those.  

Drinks don't get much more expensive - for $5 or less, you can get a root mojito (when they have the root liquor), whiskey cocktails, cosmos, apple martinis and some nasty stuff like Old Smugglers.  Nothing was really great, but everything was solid.  

I'll definitely be back soon for some cocktails and the delicious oyster shooters.
Do not often write reviews. Have been to all of the chains in the city. Went for Christmas. Have been there for several Christmases in past years. Always good. This time so awful. Long wait for food. Cesar salad room temperature. Two out of three steaks over done. Mine also cold and forgot to bring French fries.Partner ordered shrimp that sat under lamps so long that coleslaw was warm. Left before they could cause anymore aggravation.
We came with a party of 16 for a work dinner. We eat out as a group often and never seem to have an issue with service. Actually the service is usually better with our large group. Tonight was not the case. 

The waitstaff seems to lack basic training. And the communication between the bar and the floor is poor. Literally took us 30 minutes to get a drink from the bar. 

We ordered a bunch of appetizers and they all come out cold. 
- bacon wrapped shrimp -COLD
- Mussels - peanut sized - COLD
- Calamari - rubbery -COLD
- Flat Bread Pizza- COLD- but really good.  

I ordered the lobster bisk and it didn't taste fresh like it had been made today. It tasted like it came from a box and it had been diluted with water , and oil had been added for consistency. It wasn't very good at all. 

We arrived here at 6:45 and didn't receive out entree until 8:15 no lie. We were about to leave and the server said they were plating our meals. We should have left because the entrees were awful. Everything was so sloppy looking and the steaks were all burnt and over cooked as well as the fish. Seems like they rushed everything. I took one bite of my stuffed flounder and couldn't continue it was disgusting. 

There are too many great steakhouses in the area. Try Mortons. I would have rather went to Cheesecake Factory instead. Terrible experience.
*****CHEF'S TABLE UPDATE*****

So I was contacted by Andrew Cattaneo, regional corporate chef for M&S. He explained that they were in between chef's at this location, but the experience we had was not what M&S considered acceptable. He asked if my guests and I come back to a Chef's Table that he would prepare for us. I contacted my guests and we agreed to return. On a Tuesday evening at the end of October, six of us walked in and were greeted by the staff.

This time, we were taken upstairs and seated in the Ben Franklin room. A lovely private area that overlooked the main dining room. We were introduced to our server, the bar manager who would be pairing our wines, and Chef Cattaneo. After a quick round of introductions service began.

Like last time, the first course was a scallop, but wow what a difference. Perfectly cooked, this scallop was served atop a rich brioche crouton, on top of the scallop, a split grape tomato, some parsley oil, and a sprig of cilantro. It was delicious. 

It was at this point that one of our guests, a chef herself, remembered she was allergic to scallops. Not breaking stride, the kitchen team switched out her scallop for a kumamoto oyster, which she enjoyed immensely. 

The next course was a perfectly cooked prawn, wrapped in bacon, served atop a light orzo salad with a celery sprig. The orzo salad was cold in counterpoint to the warm prawn, and the bacon crispy while the prawn itself not overcooked. This was probably the best orzo I've ever eaten, anywhere. Another lovely dish.

The third course was Chef's take on a salad. We could smell the fresh cucumber as it approached form the kitchen, and the lovely endive and light dressing were again, delicious. 

The fourth course took us to the new level of stunning. Sounding simple, it was tuna wrapped in wonton, served with a chopped kale salad. It was far form simple. My pictures cannot convey the quality of the tuna. As the six of us marveled at the presentation, the only way I could describe it was jewel like. It was a great dish.

The next course was probably one of our favorites as a group. Sea Bass served with a tomato cream sauce and some asparagus spears underneath. The fish was perfectly cooked, and the sauce so good we requested bread to make sure not a drop was missed. 

The sixth and final savory course was a lovely beef dish, Seared rare and served with seasoned mashed potatoes. I'm a big proponent of not ordering meat dishes in a seafood house (or fish in a steakhouse for that matter) but this dish was lovely and filling. (Although some guests considered it too rare.)

Dessert was a warm salted caramel tart with fresh whipped cream. There's no picture because everyone was eating theirs by the time I had the camera in my hand. I've substituted a picture of the last wine that was served instead.

Michael Archibald, the bar manager, did an awesome job pairing up the wines. I kept a separate listing of what was served as we agreed we wanted to try these all again. I'd include it here but there's no room to give them the detail they need. 

So M&S and Chef Cattaneo came through and provided us with an excellent meal worthy of Chef's table. Thank you to everyone who assisted in making that night great!
I got the cajun chicken pasta and I was extremely happy with my meal. It was a very flavorful filling meal. My husband also got a steak entree and loved every bite. I was pleasantly surprised by how affordable the prices were for the level of service given. We will be definitely be going back!
Average at best! Food quality is nothing special. Service was fine but sever's jacket  was filthy! Needed to be washed! We sat in a booth (table 131) and woodwork/molding had a half inch of dust on it. This place needs a deep cleaning...I can only imagine how dirty the kitchen is too! Won't be going back.
Same as the one in Boston.  Nice decor.  Upscale well educated wait-staff.  Wonderful wonderful seafood. We had the lobster special for $19.99 complete with soup. Delicious.  
Great Happy Hour and they give a generous airline discount. It's a chain, but who cares? I'm still a fan.
Stop in for restaurant week , they have valet parking which was very convenient . Our waitress was very polite and friendly.. I ordered a patron margarita which was pretty good . The food was really small portions for restaurant week and it was just OK not outstanding but OK cool atmosphere though..
Parking is TERRIBLE.  It took forever to be served and  when the food finally arrived...wasn't great. 2 salads one Chicken  and one Salmon Cesar salad...salmon/chicken  wasn't seasoned. 

We were visiting from NYC and when we return to Philly we will not be visiting this restaurant.

I do not recommend.
Nice environment and service, okay food
We went out to dinner here one night during our trip out here for the Army/Navy. We had always heard good things about the food. We were somewhat diss appointment noted when my husband ordered a steak and it came literally charcoaled on one side but cooked ok in the middle. It clearly looked like someone forgot about it on one side. We are not picky... we did say something to our waiter once he came around LATE in the meal. He did see the charcoal one one side (it was literally Black)!and asked if he wanted another but he'd have to wait ... but because it was too late we said no. The Caesar salad was soggy too. There was no effort to make it right. We rarely saw waiter. What a bummer. The only bright side was the lobster bisque was outstanding. We cancelled our reservation for the second night and went to Maggianos instead. The service was outstanding!
Pretty weird place. The location of the restaurant is right next to City Hall in dowtown Philadelphia. It has all the looks of a fancy restaurant, yet, it seems a bit gimmicky with their "Kids Eat Free" promotion as well as their "frequent diner club". Although they're not bad promotions it's just not something you'd expect from a restaurant right in the heart of Philadelphia. It seems as if they're really struggling for business.

The food was pretty good though. I had a steak with some roasted corn mashed potatoes. I was pretty happy with it and the rest of the food at our table seemed to thoroughly enjoyed. Service was highly mediocre as our waiter never even asked us if we wanted another round of drinks and then forgot on of our sides when our meals came out. We ended up never getting the fries either. 

Overall, just very disappointed. I expected a much better experience from a restaurant that is seemingly very popular.
I was only here for happy hour but I was rather pleased with my experience. A friend and I had drinks: I had some kind of spiked tea, not sure of the ingredients but it tasted great. It wasn't particularly heavy on alcohol, but that was fine by me. My friend had a few glasses of wine. We shared happy hour bites: pita and hummus (great, the pita was especially crispy and the hummus was flavorful and not dry), chicken quesadillas (adequate, not my favorite, but pretty tasty), and the shrimp tacos (whoa, these were the best thing of the evening). My only real con was it was a little drafty by the door, but it wasn't opening and closing too much.

I'm pretty excited to come back here some time soon and try the full menu.
Picked this place for a consistantly normal meal. WORST experience ever at this chain.  Not only does it smell like humid when you walk in but the staff sucks!  Sat at the high tops by the bar, took over an hour for water, shrimp and a soup.  Skip this place and go to capital grill across the hall or better yet order room service.
The hostess was friendly and made me feel comfortable. The bartender wasn't so friendly, my opinion I was prejudged. But once I ordered my drink and spoke, she too was welcoming. I ordered a double of bourbon (neat) along with mussels in white sauce and shrimp. The white sauce wasn't overbearing which gave the mussels a natural taste. The shrimp, no thanks but I'll know for the next time. Overall, I'm satisfied and would recommend you come with friends; not alone. Lol
I'm not going to bore you with all the details.....

-I had a crabcake...boring...really small
-I had salmon grilled with lemon butter...too much sauce, salmon way overcooked...too small again.
-All sides were cold.
-Mel had Parmesan crusted flounder in a lemon caper butter sauce... bland. It didn't taste like lemon or capers, just butter.
-Raw Oysters were good.
-Fried Calamari was forgettable.

Mel had a Bloody Mary and a glass of wine and I had one Stella. Total tab was $85.00.

Far too expensive for a below-average experience in all areas.

Although Bartender Leah was very nice, we aren't going back.

You shouldn't bother either.
I'm Very Pleased My Husband Chose To Celebrate Our Wedding Anniversary Here........ The Presentation Of Our Drinks Was Gorgeous, The Food Was Delicious, Ryan Our Server Was Very Accommodating and The Manager Nigel Stopped By To Check On Us & Introduce Himself & Not To Mention The Atmosphere At McCormick & Schmick's Was Awesome!~
We have long been fans of McCormick & Schmick's restaurants. Unfortunately, they closed the one near my parents' house, so we thought it might be a fun adventure to go into Center City and visit the one downtown. I love this location because it's right on the corner in the shadow of City Hall.

I have to say that the first impression here was not so great. I called ahead to make a reservation just in case. The gentleman who helped me talked to me while some kind of awful very unprofessional music was playing in the background. Then he put me on hold forever. Then he came back and the music was gone, so I don't know if he moved to a different phone. And then he seemed to have a lot of trouble actually taking my reservation. It should not have been that hard.

At any rate, we show up for said reservation and from there things did improve. Our waitress was very good. I ordered the clam chowder for the first time ever and was delighted to find that it is partly based on a very generous helping of bacon that makes it warm and decadent and a pretty darn good cup of soup. For lunch I had the crispy fish tacos, which were pretty good except for the incredible amount of raw onion. Since the whole taco is covered in sauce, it's tough to pick out pieces of excess onion. But other than that, the dish was decent. Others got shrimp scampi, which got good reviews, and a burger (a non-seafood lover in our group).

Others have said it, but it's not a cheap meal. Still it was OK for a treat. There is valet parking during dinner hours but not lunch. Parking in any of the nearly downtown parking decks will run you $10-$16 or so on a normal day. Just something to know if you are planning to park.
Mediocre sums up this review. Once upon a time this was a really good spot. It's not bad nor good, just okay and when you're charging the same as top notch center city spots, that's unacceptable. 

Pros- It's clean and comfortable and it's large. The soups are tasty and comforting and the desserts are really good especially the upside down apple pie. My lobster bisque could have been amazing, but it was too salty but the crab soup was everything, so good. 

Cons- The menu is out dated, it's located in center city so they have to keep up and they aren't. I was disappointed with the played out plating and played out dishes that have been on the menu since dinosaur's roamed. It's time to jazz it up the dishes are like 90s stuff. They may as well garnish with parsley the plating it so out of date. Hold on, I think I did spot parsley LOL. The main courses were just okay. I had the steak and stuffed shrimp now the steak was solid, the shrimp was just okay. Besides we've all seen stuffed shrimp done this way a million times before. Time to get a bit more creative. My sister had some sort of mediocre mixed seafood grill or something, she said it was okay. My mom had fish and chips and that was average at best.
Today was my first visit at McCormick & Schmick's, an upscale place in downtown Philadelphia. I did not get a chance to take a picture of the menu for yelp because I forgot, but I can say that each person should come and expect to spend at least $30. I ordered the salmon penne lunch entre, a decent size portion of food and it was great! The waiter was above average but the wait time for food was a little longer than expected. However, my overall experience at this restaurant was good. I do think that although being upscale, the prices can come down by a few dollars due to the other competition in the area that may be better and yet offer similar choices at cheaper prices.
Came here with one of my friend's for restaurant week, and it was absolutely amazing! I enjoyed every single bite.. I had the swordfish with jerk sauce.. mind you this was my first time having swordfish and I must say I was highly impressed! My friend had steak and stuffed shrimp and she also enjoyed every bite. We had apple pie and ice cream for dessert. Our waiter ( Nick ) was really awesome! He was so nice to us and very patient, because we had so many questions about the menu because we've never been before! He checked on us regularly and was just great! If you ever go ask to be in Nick's section!! I'll definitely come back here again. It was absolutely ama
Service was horrendous. Was seated about 15 minutes after my reservation time (not too big a deal) but then after that my party waited an additional 20 minutes just to have our waiter come introduce himself and take orders for drinks. Food was good- I had the lobster bisque which I would definitely recommend, and one of the men I was with have me a bite of his steak which was delicious. Even though the food was good, it wasn't worth the price, especially since the service was awful.
I haven't been to M&S in ages and tried their Bouillabaisse for the first time. Really excellent. Very flavorful, a little spicy, topped with grilled bread, loaded with fish, mussels, a few clams, and two giant Alaskan crab legs.

If you're meeting with a client, maybe you don't want to be getting your hands all up in it. Or maybe you don't care. The crab legs are not shelled because who wants pre-shelled Alaskan crab legs? 

(It's pronounced bwee-ya-bess and it's the french version of a seafood stew.)
My first time here & I enjoyed myself.  The atmosphere is very dim & romantic  (in my opinion). You do get bread w butter (soft easily spreadable too not the just out of fridge cold can't spread type). I don't like tap water so I always order bottled. The salads were ok (best salad I've had were at chart house) the crab cakes were ok as well. I've had better but I've also had worse. The green beans their served on could use a little more flavor but non the less good. 

The hot water in the bathrooms were scalding HOT steam came from the faucets. Their was a caution sign to warn you but who pays attention to that. Fingers were definitely burnt from that.

My only complaint was the $21 valet parking it's expensive but unless you want to park blocks away & walk this is pretty much the only option.
Customer servace 5 
Food ------------2
It was just ok ! 
Appetizers were 3 
Main course --2 
Deserts ------ nothing of interests
Just not for us ! Won't repeat .
I went in at an odd hour, perhaps 2pm or so, for a lunch after a job interview. I was alone and dressed in a suit. You'd have thought I was wearing a rainbow wig and a bikini. The bartender looked at me with such disdain that I thought they were closed. The rest of the staff stood around and gossiped while I had my poorly made and overpriced Manhattan. The food was fine, but I've been underwhelmed by this chain twice and probably would never go back. Perhaps 50 years ago finding a steak and crab cakes was hard to do and they could get away with such unprofessional behavior, but not these days.
I totally agree with most of the reviews in regards to the price, however, the food is excellent and of very good quality! The seafood is always fresh and quite tasty. I don't dine here too often, but when I do, I am never disappointed. This past time I went, the bill was like $200 for 3 ppl. Although, it was pricey, we all enjoyed ourselves and we recognized that this was a once in a while treat!! My favorite part this time was my drink. I had a regular cosmo, but it was really, really good. Nothing fancy but it had the right combination of ingredients and it was so good that we all ordered two of them. I tried the Sangria, but it was a fail, so I was sooo happy when I fell in love with the cosmo. All in all, we were all pleased and as always we will return for our yearly visit sometime in 2015.
A group of 5 of us went for a retirement celebration dinner. The atmosphere was nice and the servers were attentive. The food was very good. The one negative was the lengthy wait for our food. Each course took longer than the rest. Reservations are definitely recommended.
I wasnt too pleased with McCormick and Schmick it was just ok... My food was very dry..

Maybe I give another try and go back soon!
