I walk past this restaurant all the time and there are always people eating here. Finally tried this place and wow, the food was better than I expected. 

We got the shrimp taco, Philly cheesesteak, and the tavern wings. Their portions are big - the shrimp taco comes with 3 tacos. For the wings, you can pick different sauces on the side if you can't decide. Their wings are big and nicely battered & fried. I didn't try the cheesesteak but friend said it was good. There's nothing fancy about this place, but it feels like an ideal "hangout spot" when you are looking for a casual night out with your friends. I can see why there are always people here!

Overall: Perfect spot when you're picking a place to catch up with a friend! Great food for the price
I am a newcomer to McCrossen's, but I did make three visits in one day last week, which certainly qualifies me to talk about the service. I went to McCrossen's because I had to attend an awfully, unbelievably tedious all-day staff meeting and was simply not going to make it without fortification. The Tavern is a regular favorite of people who work in our center city branch, and it didn't take long to discover why.

McCrossen's is sort-of hidden, comfortable and pretty-- lots of wood, lots of top shelf liquor and great beers on tap. Affordable, too! (a pint of stella was only $5 and a lager bottle only 3.50-- and i understand during their happy hour it's better). Their burgers smell divine, their french fries ARE divine and food prices run the gamut from a $30 veal entree to a $10 burger and fries...

Mostly I liked McCrossens because the bartender, Luke, is a consummate professional. He actually IS a bartender-- learns your name and what you like right off the bat, keeps an ice cold drink in your hand at all times, no waiting, talks to you when you're in the mood, doesn't talk when you don't want to-- he's a mind reader! BUT, when you come back in mere hours later with new people, he acts like you're new, too, and  hadn't actually been sitting there guzzling as quickly as possible... and doesn't make any drunk comments when you return a third time a couple hours after that (can we say liquid breakfast lunch and dinner, folks?)

I will be updating this, because I definitely like it there, but for right now it's a loosely defined and supported 4 stars because Yay! I'm absolutely a fan...
In the misty twilight of a rainy Philly weeknight, my companion and i searched in vain for parking near McCrossens. After circling the block a few times we ended up scoring a spot right across from the tavern. The spot was convienent, however, the parking was so tight that we had to exit out of the cars sunroof. Did I mention that my car doesnt have a sunroof? Or a moon roof. Thats right, I had to burst out of the roof of my car like a newborn baby, or that thing from Alien.
 Hoping it was worth the trouble, we went inside. McCrossens is best described as cozy. It had a very Betsy Ross/ Ben Franklin feel to it. Very Philadelphia.
 the bar area was busy. We wanted a place where we could talk so we were shown to the dining room, where we were greeted by the server, Mary. The crowd in here was sparse, which was perfect for us. Mary was wonderful. She had a very personable demeanor not dismissive and robotic.  She took our flirtatious jokes with stride and humored us. She was knowledgable about the beers and specials. Gave us her time when we needed her and left us be when we didnt.
 Their beer choices were good, with the right amount of normal choices to interesting ones. When I need a drink I like to stick with the things i know rather than experiment.
The food was exeptional. We ordered wings which had the right amount of crispiness and heat. I like hot, but sometimes the hot can be obnoxiously hot to the point of pain. These were perfect, if anything they could have been a tad hotter.
 we were both in the mood for burgers, and we werent disappointed. they came out the right tempature, had the right amount of toppings and were on a fantastic roll that neither my friend or myself could place. Pretzel? Wheat? We had to ask Mary, who wasnt sure herself. She quickly asked the chef and came back with the answer....Challah! Ive never had that before. It was really the perfect burger bun , not too soft not too dense. I wonder if this is a new trend or has McCrossens started something.
 We were well fed and enjoyed ourselves here. Mary brought the desert tray by and as good as it looked, we were too full to partake.Knowing there was a chilly mist outside, it was difficult to leave, but all things must come to an end. My friend and I parted ways and I set about the task of squeezing my large frame back into my wedged car.  I will always have the memories of my time at McCrossens; Mary, beer, Wings,beer, challah, beer and of course...the scratches on both of my car doors.
Just a quick update

Apps - Foie Gras special, out of this world, 5 stars on prep and flavor
          - Spanish Anchovies served with a pesto and olive oil drizzle, 5 stars

Entrees - this is the first time I tried their fish.  
          - Salmon encrusted with something, was way too salty, the fish slightly overcooked was saved by the chick pea, corn relish/salsa type thing, 3 stars
          - The branzino my friend had was very good, 4 stars

Service - Bob and all of the others were great, 5 stars
I'm not only a fan, I'm a big fan.  I ventured into town tonight to meet a couple of friends and they suggested this wonderfully very cool gastro pub, if you will, which has been on my "next place to go" list for a few months now.

The beer selection was varied, a very nice selection, but they were out of my first choice.  So, I had to drink a few of my second choice.

For food we started with a couple of apps.  The bone marrow, a half bone filled with the fatty delicacy, topped with toasted bread crumbs and nice thick sliced mushrooms with a bit of truffle oil, and served with crostini.  That was a very good choice, but only to be topped by the other app, the braised pork belly with white bean cassoulet.  Oh my dog, it was the friggin best.  I told my friends, if I could make that dish myself, I would never leave the house.  The melt in your mouth pork belly and bean cassoulet was was rich and full of tomato flavor touched with a hint of thyme and nutmeg.   It was sooooo delightful.

I tasted the soup of the day, a spicy sausage, greens and beans, in a broth base.  Pretty good, not great.  

But I also had the rigatoni with prosciutto, peas, tomato-cream, and parm, an excellent, delicious, medium to heavy dish, great for splitting among a few.  

The two bartenders were hustling all night to the very crowded bar and restaurant, but they both took the time to recommend beers, food, and to keep us happy.  Wonderful service, thanks!

An excellent find, this will be on my soon to be revisited list.
Normally, I'm able to go with the flow at any restaurant and still maintain my dietary preferences (no meat, no fried stuff).  Not so at McCrossen's....which is a shame because I like everything about the place, except the menu and the attitude toward a restricted diet.

This review is fair warning for others with similar goals/lifestyles or allergies.  The options for none meat eaters are few (like 1 or 2 maybe), and those that are not high fat are even fewer (if any).  On one occasion, meat was not listed in the ingredients, and when I asked to confirm that there was no meat in the dish I was told "absolutely not."  Of course, when it arrived there were pieces of sausage throughout.  When I tried to refuse the dish because there was meat in it, I was met with an argument.  I just want to be clear about something.  For many of us who have not eaten meat for years, it's not a matter of being "high maintenance" or "fussy eaters".  We get ill when those bits of surprise meat go into our bodies.  I wouldn't force someone with a peanut allergy to eat PB&J.      Why the hostility?
So the ole gal had quite a nice birthday for herself. Quite nice indeed...and good portion of it took place at McCrossen's last night.

We attended the Decibel/Waltz Wine dinner last night. It was a collaborative event featuring Decibel's wonderful New Zealand wines and Waltz Vineyard's wines from Lancaster County, paired with 5 courses all perfectly executed. 

The wines were fantastic. I couldn't shut up about Decibel's Hawke's Bay Malbec '09! I may have been driving everyone nuts with all my Malbec exclamations. Paired with duck breast, foie and figs... Forget it. Perfect. It was so great. ALL the courses were great. We enjoyed boquerones with potato croquetas, favas and peperonata...and the crispy lingua with haricot verts and zucchini in lemon-anchovy butter was a delicious surprise. Everything was excellent and beautifully prepared. Service was wonderful too.

Now I know that these delicious offerings that I've just mentioned are part of a special menu for one delectable, fun little night, but I can tell you that the skill and taste with which these courses were presented has me extremely willing to return to McCrossen's to sample some more of Chef Wentz' cooking.

I would certainly make it my business to return for such a wine and food pairing dinner again.

Another reason that we will return? I'll tell you. McCrossen's Tavern has plenty of great beers on tap. I do likes some Ommegang Hennepin, for just one thing. For another thing, I like the sound of their brunch. $20 for brunch and endless bloody marys or mimosas, you say? And another thing! Amazingly warm friendly people run this tavern. 

McCrossen's is a quality establishment. Thank you for a real good time :)
If an establishment is packed on a cold winter night, that's definitely saying something positive.

My husband and I were in dire need of a beer and dinner cooked by someone that wasn't us so we ended up at McCrossens. 

I've had a love/hate with the burger over the past few years. Even though my last few were a little disappointing, I knew I'd get burger envy when seeing the hubby's so went with it anyways. And it was really good! Not hidden gem type of burger like it had been years back, but a really solid option. It was a little more medium rare than medium (which I like) and quality meat with good seasoning. The bun had a nice toasty-ness to it and of the provolone was melted nicely. 

I think there was a period where the food was lacking, however based on this visit and a few other recent experiences, I think lacking period is over. It's upscale bar food, but I feel comfortable knowing I'll go there now and get something that's both quality and enjoyable.

I opted to drink super locally with the Yards Golden Hop. I had a few questions about the beer (confusing it with the Hopportunity). Although the server didn't know the answers, he looked into it for me. I appreciated that effort and thought he was generally a nice guy. Same with the hostess. She was friendly and really added to the local pub vibe.

And that's the main point of my update. McCrossens is a great neighborhood bar that's welcoming, has great beers and good bar food. You earned that star back.
An underrated place to get brunch, McCrossen's Tavern impresses with its great food, beer selection, and neighborhood bar feel.

I love places like McCrossen's Tavern. Tucked on N 20th just off Spring Garden Street, you get the sense it's the type of place the locals in Fairmount eat/drink at. It's simply decorated with a long inviting bar on one side and some seating. It's a step above your casual bar, resembling more of an upscale yet relaxed restaurant.

McCrossen's brunch menu is straightforward, offering eight brunch classics, several omelette options, and of course Mimosa's and Bloody Mary's for $5. My girlfriend and I ordered the Chorizo Benedict (toasted english muffin, homemade chorizo, hollandaise, side of home fries) and the Huervos Rancheros (rice and beans, fresh salsa, cheddar, sunny side eggs, guacamole). The eggs in the Chorizo were cooked perfectly, with a smooth exterior that tasted as good as it looked. And the lovely hollandaise sauce - creamy and rich. The best part of the second dish, the Huervos Rancheros, were the fresh ingredients. The salsa and guacamole in particular tastes like they were made that morning. Both dishes are large but not overwhelming, so expect to leave satisfied but not stuffed. 

Overall, whether you're a local or just visiting the area, it's worth the trip to try McCrossen's Tavern. It's nice-yet-casual enough to take anybody to and have a pleasant experience.
Dropped by McCrossen's Tavern for a drink. Since the night was warm-ish, we decided to sit outside. As expected, not much service when you're sitting outside!

This bar seems very down to earth, which I like! They have a good selection of beers on tap, bottled beers, and cocktails. 

Side note for Californians: if you sit outside, there is a chance you will see cockroaches running around. NOT COOL.
McCrossen's epitomizes the "neighborhood restaurant." Located in the Fairmount area, it's got a homey, yet sleek pub feel. Chefs such as Four Season & Lacroix alum, Townsend Wentz, have been at the helm over the years, elevating the dishes beyond just standard pub fare. 

So for brunch, the GF's family and I stopped by for some grub. There's plenty of seating, whether it's at the bar or at a table.

Mimosa [$5]

I believe bottomless brunch used to be offered, but it's $5 brunch cocktails now. We enjoyed some mimosas on this particular morning. 

Whipped Ricotta [$8]
Thyme, olive oil, pigment d'espelette, grilled rustic bread

The healthy portion of whipped ricotta was topped with espelette chili pepper and seasoned well, along with a splash of EVOO to add some richness. The ricotta was slightly more grainier than I would have liked, but the rustic crostini was excellent - freshly grilled with olive oil, salt, and pepper. 

Brandied Mushroom and Brie Omelettes [$10]
Red bliss potatoes, fresh fruit
  
The GF opted for a lighter brunch, with a well-cooked omelette encasing a good mix of creamy brie and earthy, yet sweet brandied mushrooms. A pattering of crisp red bliss potatoes and diced fruit rounded out the plate. 

Creekstone Farms Burger [$12]
8 oz burger, fries

I went with the house burger, which featured a great meat blend and was cooked to a perfect medium-rare. Still, it could have been seasoned a bit more. The brioche bun was the perfect bun-to-meat ratio though and the accompanying fries were well-seasoned, crisp, and creamy within. 

Overall, McCrossen's hit the spot for brunch and though the burger could have been seasoned better, McCrossen's delivers in terms of pub fare. Definitely a place I could see myself stopping by for a drink as well.
Came here on July 4th. We understand it is busy and maybe even short staffed. However, I am giving it a 1 star for the horrible service. 6 of us placed an order for drinks at the same time. One of the drink was not available, so a different drink was ordered. When the server came, she only brought 5 out of 6 drinks; one of the drinks she brought was a wrong one. When we told her this, she said he has to drink it- can't take it back. Usually in other places they would take it back and bring the right one.

That was 5 out of 6 drinks, I was still waiting for mine. After almost finishing the food and others finishing their drinks, I asked her about my drink. She told me the drink I ordered was not available. No apologies. Rest of the group was almost done with their drinks

I then ordered another drink, after about 5 minutes, I asked another server and he checked on it. My drink was brought almost at the same time with the check. As the picture shows, empty food plates and glasses with my drink. Everyone else had to wait u til I finish my drink, and I literally had to chug my drink to get out. 

We had also asked for water few times, that never came. She told us they were short on water glasses. Yea the bar was busy, but which bar is short with water glasses? 

The women server is extremely rude. Would recommend this place but not her as a server. 

Unfortunately, the tip was included on the bill. We would not have given anything.
Yep. McCrossen's has become one of my favorite bars in Fairmount. More specifically, I love to sit at the bar and day-drink here. That's been the trend so far, at least. They usually have some pretty good draft beers and their bottle list is okay.

As for food, my stand-out favorite is the whipped ricotta app with grilled rustic bread. I could eat that stuff weekly. The burger is also good, but it can get pricey depending on how many toppings you'd like. Cheddar and bacon cost $1.75 extra.

I'm sure I'll be back soon. Glad this place is nearby!
Brunch more than made up for anything that was missing out of my experience at McCrossen's the last time around. And it's not just the bottomless Bloody Mary and mimosa deal that s making me say it.

Our bartender was cool enough to be ready any time we were ready for another Bloody Mary, and she even had a witty retort when Aaron tried to get a lollipop from her. and she definitely knew how to mix a perfect Bloody Mary. they might just be among my top five spots for them in Philly. and the mushroom, brie, and brandy omellette that I ordered was whisked to perfection. it had an ample portion of brie and shitake mushrooms, and you could really taste the subtle hints of brandy. And of course the home fries and links of sausage didn't hurt either.

You definitey can't go wrong with $20 for an entree and bottomless Bloody Marys and mimosas. But it's still a great spot for taking in the start of a Phillies game and enjoy the food even if you don't go for that deal. And that's why it's kind of hard to believe that it wasn't that crowded for brunch. I think I'm going to have to roll in with a good sized crew in the not too distant future.
Another one from the annals of McThrill's forgotten to review list. I didn't forget about it because it was bad, but because I went during the one game of the World Series that the Phillies did horribly in. So that blacked out the memory a little. 

But bad gaming watching blemish aside McCrossen's was a decent bar with friendly and humorous servers, Pumpkin Ale on tap (that's probably phased out since it was Fall, but hopefully there's a good Winter Ale taking it's place) And awesome specials like a full rack of ribs. It's not a place that I would go out of my way to go to. But it's a consistent place that's perfect for hanging out with my Fairmount friends.
Wow!  Totally impressed by this hidden gem in Fairmount.  I came here last week with my girlfriends, and we only wanted drinks and one appetizer to split.  We saw the amazing food menu, and delicous craft beer menu, and decided to stay for a full-out entree dinner!  

The whipped ricotta appetizer is to die for.  We were licking the bowl it was so good.  The portion size is huge however, and it could be a meal in itself!  I really wanted to try the watermelon soup, but the cheese was so filling and I still had dinner coming.  For dinner, I had the gnocchi with goat cheese, asparagus, mushrooms, and sun dried tomato.  WOW, fabulous.  You can tell the gnocchi was homemade becuase it would fall apart when you picked it up with a fork!  So tender and delicious.  Some of the best gnocchi I've ever had.  My girlfriend ordered the pork belly, which was also amazing, I really liked the polenta it was served on top of.  My other girlfriend ordered the chicken sandwhich, which I didn't try but it was huge and the thick cut french fries were delicous.   So, totally 5 stars for the food, horray chef! 

Our waiter was super fast, and on top of his game like crazy.  We'd order a drink and it would arrive so quick I think he was powered by DD batteries in his pants!  However, he was so fast, that he cleared our plates before we were done eating, whomp whomp.  But, he did help us with beer reccommendations too.  The drafts weren't as crafty as I'd like to see, a few ales and IPAs, would have liked a stout, a tripel, or a sour.  But, there are a few other nice bottle selections that we liked too.

Overall, great place!  I will be back!
the french onion soup got me laid.
The food was very good but the service was horrible. One of the waitress was rude and was so bad at her services. The waitress kept saying they were busy but there was no line in front of the restaurant. My friend ordered a Bloody Mary, it took so long and then waitress came back and said they didn't have it any more (after a long time and after we asked for it). He ended up order something else. Then, we asked for water, the waitress said don't have glasses. I was not sure what is going on. The waitress also has very short temper. We could sense the frustration and it was horrible. 

Beside, the waitress was horrible, the wings were so delicious. 
I understood it was the holiday but they should be more tentative with their job.
This review is solely for brunch...and what a brunch it is!

The ambiance is warm and inviting, the service is quick, and most importantly, the food and drinks are stellar.  You cannot beat $3 Bloody Marys and Mimosas, and just because they're cheap doesn't mean they're not delicious (and big).  Also, I couldn't help but admire the tap list while watching our drinks being made, and the prices are on par.

Halfway through our drinks, two perfect looking brunch plates landed in front of us.  The french toast with blueberry compote and the roasted pork loin eggs benedict were perfection.  I could eat an entire loaf of that french toast.  It puts the cream cheese calorie bomb over at Sabrina's to shame.  I love eggy french toast and a compote that is syrupy, but not overly sweet.  

Walkable location, very laid back atmosphere, multiple drinks and brunch for less than $20 a head inclusive, and the best french toast I've had in the city....score!
Woke up wanting a GOOD Bloody Mary. Was really feeling a horseradish filled / super spicy one so my husband and I took to Google for ' the best bloody in philly'. We were guided to McCrossen's. We had high hopes, but were very let down in the bloody department. Although it was spicy it was mainly just hot sauce and it was pretty watery. So nothing special and definitely not the best, but for $5 it was decent. 

Our brunch meals however were excellent. I ordered the blueberry waffles which were so filling and fluffy. I will totally stop by here again for them without a doubt. My husband ordered two eggs and sausage and had no complaints either! -- Our server was friendly and sweet. We will definitely be back. Also their lunch menu looked great.
McCrossen's is a nice, laid back neighborhood place to grab a drink or a bite when you're in the area.  There's a bar side & a restaurant side, but of course you can eat on the bar side as well.  It's open relatively late, which makes it really convenient for spontaneous outings at night.  Prices are ok.  I've had really friendly servers here, and I like the chill atmosphere.  There's not a distinct decorative theme, and this place isn't about seeing and being seen.  It's about eating, drinking, and chillin the hell out with your people--but it's NOT a dive.  Perfect!  They also make a *mean* portobello sandwich.
So, another year and another all-day staff meeting. Where do I find myself? McCrossen's of course. Unlike last year's beautiful day, however, I merely spent my lunch here this year, though certainly not due to a desire to get back to the conference table.... This is a very weird review for me to write. If you are looking for a fancy-pants American traditional style / modern food bar than this place deserves the 4 stars I gave it last year (the food is so good, that possibly it deserves 4.5 in that case). If, however, like me you were thinking of it as a really pretty, comfortable place to watch baseball all day without worrying about loud drunks, drink $3-$4 lagers and munch on delicious $10 burger and fries, you will be greatly disappointed. Party Foul Numero Uno: they got rid of the MLB package :(. 

They have a solid beer list (Chimay, Bourgogne de Flandres, St Feuilliune Tripel, DeProef/Bells, and tons of microbrews like Troegs, Yards and Stoudt). Party Foul Numero Dos: They got rid of Yuengling AND Stella. Their menu is hardcore and justifiably pricey (as opposed to overpriced). They have daily changing specials that are actually more haute cuisine, but they also sell jazzed up (or perhaps just better quality) versions of bar standards. The mild wings were delightfully spicy and their French Fries come as crab fries-- which I generally loathe-- but, perhaps because the seasoning is a house mixture, they were actually quite delicious (not to mention perfectly crisped). 

An interesting side note is that the Health Inspector was there at the same time that I was. The minute she walked out of the kitchen I asked her if I should stop eating, but the good news is that they passed with flying colors! The only problem was that their food license was locked in the manager's office, which I think is no big deal. I may come back and change the stars. I am unsure how I feel about it. I'm thinking that it may be unfair to dock them a star based on my expectations, but we already had enough expensive bars around here and I really liked (and depended on) McCrossen's for being more affordable.
I used to come to this place every Tuesday for Quizzo a few years back. We loved it! 

Last time I was in here I was in the neighborhood with a few friends and I told them about this "great place" i knew that we should go eat. We went in, asked for a table and got a rude response somewhere along the lines of "can't you see we are completely busy right now."

To me that read "we have enough business, we don't want yours."

I cried and went home. McCrossen's, you were good when you were good, but I won't be back.
A group of friends came here after Kite & Key had too long of a wait. It's smelled kind of weird coming in but we decided it was probably brussell sprouts or something. We ordered the buffalo chicken dip to share and it was really really good. No complaints there. However after finishing it, we waited another 20 minutes for our food to come. My friends falafel was mushy and inedible. She took one bite and didn't eat anymore. Burgers were pretty average. Flavorless and average. Service was nice though. Won't be coming back.
What elements of a bar make it a "go-to bar"?

-cool decor
-lots draft beer options
-top shelf liquor options
-affordable 
-affable bartender who takes the time to converse with the patrons
-off the beaten path, i.e., not lots of tourists annoying you
-comfortable, like chillaxin in your own home

I like to brave these elements...daily, if I could.
Let's face it. When you're young and living in the city, brunch is about bloody marys and mimosas, not eggs benedict and lox. Sadly, it's rare to leave a truly satisfying Saturday or Sunday brunch without dropping at least $50 on (food and) beverages, given that the average BM or M is upwards of $7 or $8. Not at McCrossen's!

Last week, I stumbled upon this GEM in the Art Museum area. On Saturdays and Sundays between 10:30 and 2:30, they have an all-you-can-drink brunch that deserves serious kudos. For $20, you get an entree and all of the bloodys and mimosas that you can drink. Too good to be true? I thought so. But it is! And it gets better!

The setting alone is awesome. There is a bar with a great selection of draft beers, and a dining area as well. It was far from crowded, I think there were only two or three other tables full when we arrived (late) at 12:30. The service? Could not be beat. Bob - the bartender/waiter - was super nice and attentive. The food selection was a little limited, but very tasty. I had the "steak and eggs", which was techincally "hamburger and eggs", served on top of this delightful potato patty. My friends got omelets which they seemed to enjoy. As much as I'd like to avoid sounding like a lush, the star of the show was truly the bloody mary. Typically for me, it's one and done for bloodys, since they're so thick that they could be considered a meal in and of themselves. But this one was light, smooth, and delicious! 

When I told Bob that he'd be seeing this face again, I meant it. Two very enthusiastic thumbs up.
Such a disappointment! We had skipped this restaurant for the past two years because the menu and service had gone down hill. Decided to give them another chance after that much time.
Best suggestion...CROSS McCrossen's off your list!
Our server Nick was either inexperienced or very overwhelmed...I ordered a glass of wine, he returned to take our order...oops forgot the wine...came back a few minutes later because he forgot what kind of wine I ordered. The list continues...
Whipped ricotta appetizer may have been good but I asked for a side plate and salt, salt arrived but no side plate! OK we can eat the appetizer w/o a side plate...and here comes our dinner served on a two top table jammed alongside the appetizer that we didn't get to enjoy. I bussed my own table to make room for our meal. I could carry on but there are too many topics to name, like no response when my husband asked about the missing Chorizo in his entree, or the incorrect bill that came out higher than presented without a word of explanation from anyone.
It's a shame this was a neighborhood gem years ago, my recommendation walk a few blocks further to Fairmont, plenty of great restaurants up there.
We came here for an early 10:30am brunch, right as this place opened, securing our coveted 8-person table. The staff were pretty friendly, although we were sad to learn the elusive endless mimosa deal was just a cruel joke on the interwebs. That being said, I did try a virgin bloody mary (don't laugh) and it was surprisingly spicy and full of flavor without much of the flare seen at other establishments (like bacon, celery and what have you). I ended up ordering the beets and smoked salmon dish and was a bit disappointed by the can-taste of the larger than life sized beets and the 4 slices of salmon slices. My wife got the waffle and meat dish and liked it, but I didn't get a chance to try it out. At the end of the day, McCrossen's is ok for brunch, but I'd avoid the beet salad.
Everything is just slightly more expensive than it should be.  I hate walking into a bar and instantly begin thinking all of the places that serve the given tap list for at least a dollar less.  

Most notably on my visit was the excellent music selection.  The bartender was also cool, but the general clientele is not my crowd.  Think condo dwelling center city yuppies, and then make them more annoying.  

I was out with my buddy Dan and we order the hot wings, and the bartender guarenteed we would like them; they would be on him if we didn't.  They were pretty good, but not hot enough.  Next time, the kitchen staff will aim to hurt us with hot sauce.  There's a way to bring me back.

I'll visit again, and I'd like to go for brunch.  This place is so unassuming that I've passed it several times without realizing it existed.
I went here for Quizzo on a Sunday with some fellow yelpers.  I didn't get any food, but everyone seemed to enjoy their orders.  I just went with some Yards Pale Ale.  There's a decent amount of seating in the bar area, plus a dining room area, and some outside tables.  

The service was a little spotty, but once we pointed out to the waiter that we needed napkins and a bunch of water re-fills, he was apologetic, and much more attentive.  

The quizzo was pretty fun, a good variety of questions, and a cool final round.  There was just a little too much time between questions.  I get that they want you to buy food and drink, but most people get to quizzo early and have already eaten, and ordered at least one drink by the time it starts, so there's no need for it to be that slow.  I like that it starts at 8 though, although really it was more like 8:30, because I was home by 10.
After hearing good things about McCrossen's, my wife and I traveled out to the Fairmont area to check it for brunch out on a rainy Saturday morning.  The place was close to empty, but the waitress sat us at a high top under a TV in the bar.  We asked to be moved to the dining room and she reluctantly agreed.  

Things only got worse from there.  We ordered the $3 Mimosas which were standard.  When are waiter came back to take our order it was if we were bothering him.  His brusque manner was a real turn off and we asked to pay for our Mimosas and cancel our brunch order.  Service for brunch doesn't have to be great, but I don't want to feel like I am doing the staff a favor by eating there.
We went here a few weeks back for dinner. We were one of two tables in the dining room. Unfortunately the other table was a table of 10 celebrating at least one person's graduation. This large party filled the small room with more noise than one would expect. It was like being on the bar side...only not.

We all ordered burgers. There was much talk about the exact way we wanted our burgers cooked. The waiter seemed to really want to make sure we got our burgers just right...which made it funny when the burgers didn't come out exactly right. No big deal, just funny. Their chowder's pretty good. They have some nice deals on Tuesdays (?Thursdays) on half price bottles of wine. I would go back and try more of their offerings.
I used to love McCrossens but my latest experience was pretty underwhelming. I wonder if the chef changed recently, because I remember having amazing food here, but now I didn't. The whipped ricotta that I loved so much is totally different now, served in a small dish, not even whipped, and is more yellow in color. Almost like a bad pimento cheese. I wonder what happened to the amazing whipped ricotta they used to have? The wings were still decent, but my salad was also underwhelming with tons of lettuce and little toppings. Not sure what happened but I'll give it another try again some time.
Great neighborhood bar. If you frequent this bar, they'll make you feel like you're a part of the family. The drinks are always flowing and the food is a major step up (or two) from your average neighborhood Irish bar. I highly recommend the wings (hot & honey is my go to) - I've also overheard other patrons that they consider their wings to be top 3 in all of Philly.

Sometimes there's a wait, so make reservations ahead of time or arrive shortly after they open. They'll also take names and numbers if there is a wait. And they actually will CALL you to let you know your table is ready. I was once told it would be 40 minutes, and then received a big apology when he called us after 50 minutes for the delay and he'd hold our table for however long it took us to arrive to the bar.

Finally, the owner is fabulous. He's always present and doing whatever work needs to be done. Being in a major city, that says A LOT.  It's awesome to see so much pride in an establishment. 

If you're in between bars to go to for whatever reason - come here. You'll thank me later!
We had a great dinner here. The seating area was warm and cozy, with a little fire, the service was friendly and efficient, and the food was excellent. The arugula salad was one of the best salads I've ever had. The entrees were a tad small (big eaters might be disappointed), but I asked if they had any sides, and they made me some Brussels sprouts, so I got fullish. Great cheesecake, too. Go.
As some of the other reviewers have mentioned, this place is cozy. It's very small, the lights are dim, and the walls are either brick or painted in dark green. The front door opens right into the bar and if you go to the right, there's a small dining room. I'm not sure if the menu is different over on that side or not, but the bar menu is pub food only. They probably have about 15 beers on tap as well.

For my entree this evening I had a bacon cheeseburger for dinner and let me tell you it's a very thick burger with all the toppings and  cheese slice of your choice (cheddar) melted on top. If you don't like pink in the middle you may want to ask for Well Done instead of Medium Well here.

My companion shared my burger and she had the 5 Alarm Chili Cheese Fries. This was a huge plate of fries smothered in chili that had black beans in it. She said while it was really good, they were more like a false alarm when it came to the promised heat. The CCF was so big it had to be boxed up.  

This is a nice little cozy neighborhood pub. I wish we had places like this back home in Va. Beach. If I lived in Philly I would definitely be a regular here.
I felt like a neglected child at McCrossen's the other Sunday afternoon. We couldn't seem to get seated, then waited on, then refilled without waiting for extended periods of time. It looked like the bartender was also our waiter. Tough luck for him, but come on- the place was decently packed. Hire a Sunday server or GTFO. 

My $7 Bloody Mary was fantastic (we apparently just missed the $3 brunch special) and the wings were juicy and flavorful. Scanning the other reviews, it seems as if we were just there on an off day re: service. Based on my experience, I would still say the staff needs to get it together.
Great food. Ok service. 

The food was delicious. We ate a very impressive hummus plate, perfectly done French onion soup and huge serving off penne vodka. It was all very good. The service on the other hand was not. The restaurant was not too busy. We had to ask multiple times for things like sweetener & more ketchup. We asked twice for more ketchup & she did not ever bring it. Not great!
With a welcoming, come-as-you-are atmosphere, friendly staff, solid food, and good music, McCrossen's essentially checks all of the boxes you could ask for in a local pub if you're in the area. For me, it's everything that I look for in my local spot. It's become our reliable go-to for a quick bite or a drink when we want to get out of the house. If the weather is good enough, we'll even take the dog and sit outside.

We've tried just about everything on the menu and everything has been good. Their highlights for me are the wings (meaty and delicious) and the falafel sandwich, but at worst, the food was always perfectly fine on the pub food spectrum. Considering how often we've been there in the short time we've lived in Philly, I'd say their batting average for pub food is definitely worthy of an all-star vote. 

The staff has always been great. Outgoing, warm, and in really good spirits. The service has always been good, as well, which is impressive when considering how busy the bar gets at traditionally-predictable times. Just have a little patience when it's a rush, as they often seem a little understaffed on the floor during those times. The staff will be running around like crazy to compensate, so someone will get to you pretty fast.

If there's one complaint, it's that the music in the evenings can get so loud that it's hard to have a conversation with the person sitting next to you. Of course, if you stroll in later in the evening like we tend to do for a nightcap, it's sort of par for the course. 

Overall, McCrossen's Tavern is a fail-safe spot. It's a pub that feels like a local pub. The surrounding neighborhood is diverse, and the bar fully represents that, too, which is nice. Sometimes convenience is enough to bring us back, but thankfully, McCrossen's offers far more than convenience. Which is why we're always returning!
I have to totally disagree with the guy who left the latest review. McCrossen's has become my favorite neighborhood spot since moving there a few months ago. The first night we checked it out, my roomate and I sat at the bar and struck up a conversation with the bartender. He was super friendly and even offered us 2 drinks on the house as a welcome to the neighboorhood  gesture. They have a great beer selection on tap and the food is great for a pub. It looked so good that night that we went back the following week to check it out for ourselves. Some favorites are the Sheeps milk ricotta with warm flatbread, the calamari and the wings. The wings are sooo good.  A good mix of typical bar food ( burgers, wings, fries) mixed with a few surprises ( ricotta, pork chop, pasta).  A great place to grab a drink with a friend, catch a game , or even bring the family for a nice dinner. The atmosphere is so warm and cozy.

This place is definitely the Cheers of Fairmount. Always a good mixed crowd in there and the staff is so friendly.
4.5 Stars.  After only two visits, I'm sold on McCrossen's.  It's not the biggest bar/restaurant in the city, but that's kind of what I like about it.  After visiting the Van Gogh exhibit at the Philadelphia Museum of Art a couple of weeks ago, this was a surprise find nearby.  Beer selections were excellent and the fish tacos were delicious.  

Noting their $20 Sunday brunch offering at the time, we decided to head back yesterday morning.  As noted in other reviews, you get one entree choice and all you can drink bloody Mary's or mimosas, which is a good deal depending on how thirsty you are.  The bar was already full, but fortunately we got a table right away, which was a pleasant surprise.  The bacon/cheddar omelet and two mimosas hit the spot and definitely ended my Sunday morning with a smile.
No more bottomless mimosas and bloody marys!  They told us they no longer have that brunch deal - both are now $3 (still not bad).  I don't even really like mimosas and hate Bloody Marys so this doesn't really bother me, but seems to put other people up in arms :)

The brunch food was good but the menu was fairly limited.  Brandied mushroom and brie omelet was definitely tasty, but would've preferred more than one omelet option.  Also - more tvs!  Maybe this isn't a sports bar, but it was difficult to crane my neck 180 degrees to watch the Eagles game behind me.

Don't get me wrong - had a good brunch and it's a cool place.  "A-OK" just about sums it up.
If you want uncooked chicken- here is the place to go! 

We walked in Saturday evening and had the grilled chicken panini. We were disgusted to find the inside pink and raw, think medium-rare- BUT CHICKEN. We were sitting at the bar so we pointed it out to our bartender, Jamie. He put the plate up to the light, and fumbled around that he couldn't quite see what we were talking about. Now this is where everything went downhill. For him to play the "I don't see what you're talking about" card was quite offensive. I get it, the light was dim in there. But not dim enough to notice how uncooked the chicken was. He also mentioned that the chicken was not cooked all the way due to the fact that they wanted to serve it "MOIST & JUICY". So- in order to have moist & juicy chicken, it must be uncooked? Damn. Wish I had known better for all the years I've been eating chicken. I suppose I have been it eating it wrong my entire life. 

To add insult to injury, he piled on the excuses while never admitting to how inedible the chicken was. I watched as he took the plate and rather than take it back to the kitchen to point it out to the chef, he put it straight into the dirty pile. For whatever reason, how close the staff is at this establishment, to cast a blind eye on improper meals as well as offend dining customers with their own mistakes, proves that they truly don't care about the well-being of their business. Salmonella sure is no joke. Cheers!
Great pork sandwich with long hots. The spaghetti with clams was smooth and sultry. Great lunch nice comfortable atmosphere.
We had a great brunch here this past weekend with some friends. For $20, you get unlimited bloody mary's or mimosas + a brunch entree. A very similar offer to the Wishing Well's $25 brunch special. The chicken sandwich, steak & eggs, and bacon & cheddar omelet are highly recommended. The portions are smaller than those at the wishing well, but the mimosas and bloody mary's were excellent - well worth the brunch special. Our only gripe was that our server cut us off once the last entree was cleared - I understand the policy, but it would have been nice to know beforehand. 

Shout out to the awesome draft and bottle list here as well. Some very good brews on tap - including my new fave, Dogfish Head Noble Rot, which is served in a wine glass.
$20 for brunch and endless bloody marys and mimosas... you can't go wrong! Definitely go for the steak and eggs too - you'll regret it if you don't.
Mccrossens is my favorite restaurant and the best hang out in the city! I've been coming here religiously for almost 3 years. The staff are amazing and it's first class service. The good food and beer selection is out of this world. Why would I go somewhere else?!!! It's the best:)
McCrossen's will always hold a special place in my heart. When I made the jump from Manayunk to the big city in '08 this was my crew's neighborhood hang out. No matter what night I went in knew I'd see one of my buddies or a bar regular who had now become a buddy. The food was always good but the focus was more on the drinks and social aspects more than the dining establishment it is today (not saying that's a negative just pointing it out). As time goes on we all moved to different parts of the city new bars became our haunts and McCrossen's became a fond but distant memory. 

Having an unusually stressful day at work I hit up boo and told her I needed a drink and some wings in the worst way and asked if she wanted to go to happy hour. She suggested McCrossen's because we hadn't been there in years and they have what I was looking for.  I was cool with it. I knew that none of our bartender friends still worked there and that the kitchen had gone through a major overhaul but that that chef had recently moved on and basically we would be walking into a whole new bar than the one we'd left behind in 2011 but it was how different was what surprised me.

We got there at 6:15 on a Wednesday and there were a couple of people sitting at the bar having quiet conversations. It was dark and didn't feel overly inviting but one of the two beers on special for happy hour sounded interesting and boo wanted the melon bellini which was another HH drink so I figured we're here lets try it out. 

The beer I wanted was kicked and they were out of the melon liquor for the bellini so boo ended up with a mamosa and I just ordered a Hendricks martini up. Not exactly the drink that comes to mind with wings but at this point I just wanted something strong. There was a lot of ice floating in it which kinda bothered me but it tasted good so it's cool. We also put in for an order of calamari from the happy hour menu which tasted fine but was soggy and probably could have been in the fryer a minute longer. 

Our entrees were fine. I got the large order of wings which at $17 was a bit steep but I was full so I can't complain. Boo had a salad with goat cheese and bowl of French onion which she said were both fine but also a bit generic. 

McCrossen's by all accounts is a fine neighborhood joint but it seems like a world away from the place I would walk into at 7:30 on a Thursday to someone belting out a spot on rendition of Andrea Bocelli at the bar followed by a group sing of Purple Rain. I'd like to keep those memories so I probably won't be coming back here for awhile.
Favorite happy hour spot in the city! They have great drink specials from 5-7 Monday thru Friday.  They have a good selection of draft beers that change pretty frequently & great wines. 

Entrees are a little pricey, but really good. The beet salad is delicious & their wings are great too. Plus, the bartenders are really friendly.
My parents were coming into town and I was in need of a nice spot that wouldn't break the bank. I found a gem in McCrossen's. The first thing you'll notice is the ambience. It's small but not stuffy and dimly lit with exposed brick walls giving it a cozy and classy but not formal feel. 

Our waiter was very good. He was extremely friendly and cordial. He checked on us often and was very attentive. The only complaint I have about the service is the time it took for our food to come out. It was probably a good 25 minutes before our food came out which I'm sure they had a valid reason for but nonetheless it was a bit long.

The food was phenomenal. I got the Creekstone Farms burger with blue cheese which was delicious. My parents each got the filet and said it was "the best steak they've had in a long time." The steak was small as was the side so if you have a large appetite do not get the filet.

I will definitely be returning to McCrossen's in the near future!
A little more pricey for lunch but the portions are huge. The burger was definitely made of a higher quality meat as the flavor didn't come solely from the fat. The kitchen was slow but our orders came out correct and burgers cooked as requested. Limited menu but makes up with quality. McCrossen's is not your usual pub fare.

Try the Burgers or Italian Roast Pork.
McCrossen's has always had a bit of nostalgia for me, as we used to come here all the time when I was a kid. I can remember having dinner here with my parents and brother at least once a weekend, and really enjoying it!

I really, really want to still love McCrossen's. It's super convenient, and the ambiance is both charming and cozy. I'm a sucker for dim lights and exposed brick. However, the food doesn't quite live up to expectation. The menu is very appealing, but the quality is just weak. 

I haven't been too impressed with the food in the past, but most recently we stopped by on a weekend to watch the game. We ordered the wings, and despite having really delicious sauce, the wings themselves were very fatty. I decided to order the French onion soup as well, and it was sub-par at best. The onions weren't cooked thoroughly, to the point where some of them were still crunchy and tough to eat. The cheese on the top was tasty, but incredibly hardened. It also was served luke-warm, which was strange for being served in a small crock pot. The croutons and bread had congealed to the top of the dish and hardened with the cheese.

If you're looking for beer and ambiance, then stop by McCrossen's. I'd love to want to visit for their food, as well.
This is the best place in town. They make you the most important person in the place  the food is great but the short ribs are to die for. Come , enjoy and never want to leave.
french toast was good, a nice crunch on the outside but still soft and chewy on the inside.  it was doused in syrup though so I suggest asking for it on the side.  The burger was ok, not juicy but still flavorful.  they use a thick bun though (forget which type of bread it is, but see picture posted).  the waitress was very friendly and quite good at her job despite having to wait on all the tables during busy brunch time.  

the unlimited bloody marys and mimosas is a pretty good deal but they only let you drink while "you are eating" so get your refills in before they take away your plate.  the mimosas are nothing special and the bloody marys taste like shrimp cocktail sauce, but the drink overall is very very spicy.

there were plenty of people just hanging out on a saturday afternoon and the place is much smaller than I had thought, but it's cute and again, very friendly staff.  the brunch menu is very limited though and there was nothing special about the omelettes or chicken sandwich either.  i do like the fruit salad added to each plate (minus the burger, which came with fries that were covered in salt and some strange pepper concoction).

the music here is good but they play it pretty loudly which I think contributed to the crazy noise level the place reached around 1:30-2pm.  my friends literally had to yell in order for the person next to them to hear them at the small table for 5 people.  overall, i think the food is not worth traveling so far from rittenhouse square.  if it's a nice day out, it may be worth making a stroll up north, or if you've just gone to the art museum and want to grab a drink or bite.
We love coming to McCrossen's. It's our favorite, local "go-to" spot and is definitely a step up from your run-of-the-mill bar fare.

Extensive beer selection with specials on tap. Food specials are always creative and tasty. Off the regular menu - everything is great. Hanger steak, mushroom flatbread, wings (awesome!!) and French onion soup are some of our faves.

Pretty family friendly (there is a second dining area attached to the bar).
We've been coming to McCrossen's since way before we moved back into the city.

It's so convenient to the Barnes, and walkable from the Phila Museum of Art, that it's where we end up after just about any visit to either museum.

It gets crowded, and if you don't have a reservation it's often tough to get a table. But we like to sit at the bar, so we can usually get a seat there after not too much time.

They have a seasonally changing menu. Their burgers are juicy and tasty, the salads are lovely, and they have even had French macarons for dessert! We've tried many entrees, and haven't had any dishes that we felt were not prepared properly. They have all been delicious.
I dunno man, I wasn't feelin it. 

The beer selection was decent, and the happy hour fried brussels sprouts were good. The fries that came with the chicken sandwich were excellent, but the sandwich itself sucked. The bread was stale, and the chicken breast had the taste and consistency of something from a school cafeteria. Wings were average.

With so many other options around, I'd probably pass next time.
Every Saturday in college I found myself thinking: I'm hungry and I want to drink but I only have $20...  McCrossen's made this a non-issue.  My roomies and I would regularly walk to their $20 brunch and bottomless mimosa/bloody mary extravaganza (10:30 - 2:30).  If you get there at 10:30 you a) get the most bang for your buck and b) sit down immediately because bars are usually not too busy that early (McCrossen's was no exception).

Bartenders have always been great and usually made us laugh.

I strongly recommend a visit to McCrossen's if you're in town and in the mood for a boozy brunch.  If you want family friendly, go down the street to Sabrina's
Trovato cercando su tripadvisor alcuni locali consigliati vicini all'albergo in cui mi trovavo, ho scoperto questo locale. Davvero una bella esperienza. Ottimo servizio e hamburger squisito. Prezzo leggermente pi alto della media, ma ne vale decisamente la pena. L'hamburger e le patatine sono di una qualit decisamente superiore rispetto ad altre. Consigliato!
If you were drinking the night before, the Hangover Helper will cure all symptoms. Incredible.
This place is a classy hidden gem where you will meet the nicest servers and bartenders. They really make sure you are happy with food and the people that come in. 
The food portions are the right size and the menu is limited but the selection you can't go wrong with your entree or appetizer.
They have a very good revolving craft beer selection on draft. $22 for the most expensive menu item so the prices are very reasonable for the quality and quantity of food you get.
This is like a classy(-ish) neighborhood bar. The polished granite counter/tabletops and candles are a nice touch. There's a pretty nice beer list with pretty average beer prices. I didn't try the food on this visit, but I just might if I ever find myself hungry and in the area. The brunch deal sounds intriguing though, especially if you could do with having 2-10 mimosas with brunch (and let's face it, who wouldn't when they're all-you-can-drink?). 

I'd probably give this place 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up to 4 cause they stock Magner's. Also, they have the citywide Summer of Riesling thing going on, and I'm a sucker for a good riesling.
What a fantastic neighborhood establishment! To the How I Met Your Mother fan's out there, I dub this my MacClaren's. McCrossen's Tavern is a cozy restaurant and bar with a great draft list and great menu. 

Yesterday my husband and I met our out of town friends there for drinks. Arriving shortly before 6, we had our choice of tables. We opted for the high top bar table closest to the host stand. Our server was friendly and attentive although as it got later in the evening our group was taken care of both several folks. Our beer glasses were never lacking a fine brew. Victory's Summer Love was the happy hour draft special of the day so my obvious choice. 

Unfortunately I didn't arrive hungry so did not getting anything to eat, but my friends enjoyed their selections of the Creekstone burger and whipped ricotta. Although not hungry, I was pretty jealous of the burger as it is one of my absolute favorites in Philly. 

By the time we left around 8:45/9, the majority of the outdoor tables were occupied and the bar area was decently filled. My only complaint was that it was a little hard to hear. 

I can't wait to return to sink my teeth into that large, juicy burger.
So this is what love at first sight feels like...

This place is a teeny, tiny brick building of goodness.  Why am I crushing on it in such a disgusting way?  It could be the extremely decent beer on tap.  It could be their extraordinarily palatable fare.  Maybe it has a little to do with the alternative music they play at a volume that's just loud enough not to be obnoxious.  Their $20 brunch with unlimited bloodys and mimosas definitely helps their cause.  There's just something about the atmosphere that makes me smile big and want to snuggle up to my honey.   

Three thumbs up, McCrossen's.  I promise to visit whenever I'm in the neighborhood... ok, and I might make a special trip out of my way, too ;)
My review is just based on brunch alone.  We went here because the wait at Sabrinas was ridiculous as usual on a weekend.  We were not greeted right away.  We were also told we had to sit at some awkward table in the corner, which was fine, but clearly they were understaffed.  The bar tender was also our server, so the service was insanely slow.  I do not blame that our server obviously but he was not even friendly.  I do not understand all of the hype over the brunch here.  Yes, the bottomless bloodys and mimosas are a great deal.. and they taste good.. but the food was not great at all.  The service was not good and the food was not great, so I will not be returning.  There are way better brunch places in the Fairmount neighborhood that I would go to over here.
They DO NOT have bottomless mimosas, I walked 25min to get  here  and was severely disappointed to find it is $5 a drink.
Had brunch there today!  This was the best steak and eggs that I've ever had in my life, and its not even steak!...it's really a burger that sits on top of a fried mashed potato patty with a sunny side up egg on top of the steak.  It was fantastic!  When I saw other people who had ordered the steak and eggs, I wanted to congratulate them.  As for the people who didn't I could only shake my head at their loss.  My friend ordered the waffles and wasn't impressed.  He doesn't like runny eggs so he turned down my offer to let him taste and I'm glad he did.   I really do not like orange juice unless it has vodka or champagne in it and lucky for me McCrossen's has bottomless mimosas for brunch(they have bottomless bloody marys too). The waitress never lets your glass get empty!  The cost is $20 for one brunch menu item and the unlimited mimosa/bloody mary.  The brunch menu is limited but really, just get the steak and eggs. Thank me later.
Although their food offerings are pretty limited and don't change very often, I find myself going to McCrossen's more than any bar in the area. It's cozy and well-lit and doesn't get very crowded, which is nice. Their beers are kind of expensive and not very varied, but they do have a Troegs tap, which is nice. Their well drinks are only $3.75, though, and they're willing to make any kind of drink you want as long as it's well liquor. 

As far as their food goes, however, they don't have too much to offer. Their wings and baked Brie are the only two dishes that I've really enjoyed, but I must say that their wings are really good. The service is all right; I really like a couple of the bartenders and don't like two or three. I guess that's how it is everywhere, though, right?

Overall, I come back here all the time, but mostly just for a happy hour drink or two or a drink at the end of the night. Their well drinks are definitely their best deal, because they pack a lot of punch for the least amount of money.
I'd heard about this place from a friend, so I went for dinner w/my bf last night (Sun).  I'm sorry, but there are so many good places in the city and this is just NOT one of them.  The service was bad..not terrible, but more like skittish with a side of Harvard-grad wanna be.  The wings were ok.  His burger was ok.  It's hard to really put the vibe here into words, but I'll try.  It's both everywhere and nowhere at the same time.
Great beer list, lovely ambience, and delicious food. The service was fantastic. I would recommend making a reservation on a Friday or Saturday night, as folks tend to stick around after they finish eating in the dining room.

On weekdays the kitchen closes early, but that doesn't mean it isn't worth going, just don't expect a late meal.

I've been for dinner and just drinks and enjoyed myself on both occasions.
This place definitely has a neighborhood pub like feel, and I am glad I got a chance to try them out. My girlfriend and I finally got a chance to grab a bite and some beer. The ambiance here is very relaxing with the dim lit interior to the very welcoming dining area. Our waitress was very attentive toward us and made sure to make us feel welcomed. 

They have a decent taplist and bottle list, so finding that good craft brew shouldn't be an issue. The food was pretty good to say the least. The whipped ricotta was a nice starter with kind of a spicy edge to it. My burger was delicious with a nice helping of bacon on top. The dessert was the best part, as it was a chocolate cake with bacon and a peanut butter mousse. This is an awesome spot that I hope to return to again and again.
Had been wanting to come here for brunch for a while now and finally made it there on Sunday. They have an awesome brunch special - for $20 you get a brunch entre and your choice of unlimited mimosas or bloody marys. My friend and I both went with the grilled chicken sandwich and mimosas. The sandwich was served on ciabatta bread and topped with provolone, arugula, roasted peppers, and aioli. Yum.. I'm glad I didn't go with one of the more traditional breakfast items because this sandwich was really good and filling. I'd definitely order it again. They also do a good job of making sure your glass doesn't go empty - our waitress walked around with a pitcher of mimosas filling everyone up. Was the meal worth $20? Absolutely. Such a good brunch spot. We sat in the inside bar area but there is also outside seating (full when we were there).
A great dinner just a quick walk from the Franklin Institute.  Great place, comfortable atmosphere and great, friendly service.  Menu was interesting and offered several appealing choices.  I had the scampi spaghetti, and my husband had the pickled beet salad and hanger steak.  Both meals were fantastic.  The salad was fresh and bright.  The steak cooked to perfection and the chorizo-rosemary potatoes were to die for.  The scampi was light, flavorful and delicious with ample jumbo shrimp.  Our picky 11 year old enjoyed her grilled chicken sandwich from the bar menu and said the fries were some of the best she's ever had.  We finished our great meal with Praline ice cream, Raspberry sorbet, and fresh-brewed coffee.  While we did seat on the early side, a table of 10 arrived at the same time as us.  The service & the kitchen kept up, even as the rest of the place filled.  We were looking for a nice place to have a dinner/drinks while we waiting out the traffic before heading out of the city and McCrossen's Tavern was a spendid find.
I love love love love love Brunch at McCrossen's. Seriously. It's easily the best brunch I've had in Philly, both taste-wise and value-wise. Twenty bucks gets you an entree and unlimited mimosas or Bloody Marys. The mimosas are delicious. When we went there on Sunday (after a rough Saturday night), we all got mushroom and brie omelets. They were ridiculously good. Our waiter was absolutely adorable, to the point where I couldn't even look at him because I was afraid that I might try to trace his tattoos with my tongue. 
Yeah. I love this place. I've never had anything bad here. Totally adorable hidden Fairmount gem.
Least friendly bartender of the day. As I look around, every single person is drinking out of a straw. Meh.
I used to love this place...  Great wings, good food and a decent beer list.  They also had decent non-bar food.

They have been trying to upscale themselves with more interesting food options and have I believe may have gone too far.  For example:  the onion soup now has Tripe in it... Seriously.

The wings were dry...  The burger I ordered medium rare came out so cooked "well done" would be an understatement.  If you can't get the basics, why would I come back for a $22 plate.

Miss the good food they used to have.  May go back and try one more time... but I will only give them one more chance.
Worst service ever!!!!! There were three tables total during brunch today, my group of 6 being one of them. After 50 minutes of waiting for our food, my boyfriend asked if the food was coming soon. The server said "I don't cook it. I gave them the order as soon as you gave it to me. I don't know what you want me to say. It's a small kitchen." Like we know you don't cook it jerk!!!!!! THEN he brings out my boyfriends meal and said "I made the kitchen push this out early for you." It was the most passive aggressive thing I've ever experienced!!! He didnt say it because he was the only one hungry!!!!! Two people in our group were going back to nyc and had a bus to catch. So then we waited another 10 minutes before the rest of our food came out. 

I WILL NEVER GO BACK HERE AND I WOULD ABSOLUTELY TELL ANYONE CONSIDERING THIS ESTABLISHMENT TO RECONSIDER. #MCCROSSUCKS
Great $5 mimosas with brunch, but brunch was nothing special. The menu was pretty basic and not very "brunchy." I'd stick with lunch/ dinner here - the burgers are good and the fries are amazing!
Oh, McCrossen's. I love you so. Is it the fact that you're 2 blocks from my house so I can do something unthinkable like have 2 cocktails on a Wednesday and not regret it? Is it the fish tacos? Is it the disturbingly attractive waitstaff?

Whatever it is, this is my go-to joint and I love it so.  In the last year and a half, I haven't disliked one dish I've ordered, and the bar tenders are so nice about helping you figure out exactly what drink you want. And I have to say, at first glance, you don't expect this neighborhood bar to have great food - but it does! They are suprisingly thoughtful in their preparation of the dishes and the specials change often. 

My personal advice is to avoid it on weekend nights, but that's not because it's a bad place to be - it's because weekend nights are when the d-bags come out. Nowhere is safe, and I know that now. The cutest little gastropub will become overrun with socially damaged pen salesman in Abercrombie knockoffs drenched in CK One and there is nothing ANY OF US can do about it.

All we can do, children, is hang tight until Monday night. Then, go to McCrossen's. Verbally abuse Jamie and Joe and Bill for playing horrible music. Listen as Jamie and Joe and Bill change the music.  Eat fish tacos. Consider ordering a second plate of fish tacos. Drink Allagash or Knob Creek bourbon and stare at the candles. Talk about stuff with your friends that you only talk about once you've found a bar that feels like an extension of home.
The $20 all-you-can-drink brunch is definitely fun.  I had the bloody marys and they were delicious.  The food options are a little limited, but tasty.

It's also a nice place to watch a game with a group of people.  We watched the last game of the Stanley Cup here.  The food is good and the beer list more than adequate.
First visit...nice laid back decor...separate dining from from the bar...makers mark old fashioned was good...small lunch menu...the hamburger won out over the pork sandwich by a slim margin...I did see what looked like a really nice beet salad go by to another table...burger cooked medium, very tasty...not overly juicy...fries nice and crispy. I will try again next time I'm in the area.
We went there as a group of four for brunch, i ordered the eggs Benedict ( price was ~$14), it was nothing special, or i may even say lower than average, the staff were friendly but there were little things like bringing coffee and milk and not bringing silverware for stirring it!
Very disappointed in this place. It has potential though. I ordered the Chesapeake Benedict. The egg was way to runny. One thing for yolk to be runny but the egg white shouldn't be runny as well. Over all I was looking forward to the old bay flavor and it was just bland. My cousin ordered Huevos Rancheros for $13 and it only can with 1 egg and the beans where super hard.  Took over an hour to get our meals
I did not love my HH experience here last week! I wanted to sit outside and this place is literally down the street from my apartment, so I figured it would be a good spot to try - not to mention I've dined here before and remember it being decent...wrong!!! Like I said, we sat outside, and we MAY AS WELL HAVE BEEN DEAD/INVISIBLE, because we were definitely forgotten about multiple times.  It came to the point where we needed to maximize our time for HH (5-7) and our waitress went rouge that we went inside to order at the bar...annoying, but easier than sending out a friggin search party to find her.

The HH specials were good! $5 wines and $4 drafts (I think) and they had some food selection too. The food was terr, though.  The worst calamari I may have ever had. Undercooked and sketchy as heck. The buffalo chicken flatbread was also NOT good and is on the menu for $9 but it was actually $12 - SWINDLED!!! The old bay popcorn was also just weird, didn't love and would not recommend.

I gave it two stars because I would MAYBE come back and try again to see what's up as I live nearby, it wasn't crowded, and is relatively cheap.

But definitely won't ever in 1 million years be my first choice...and I recommend airing on the side of caution when deciding to dine here.
Low-key local tavern with nice layout, great music overall good vibe. Craft beers and bar food
Stopped in to have a beer and order take out last night. I heard the wings were good so I ordered them to go but the gentlemen behind the bar (Jamie) suggested I eat them there In order to get the true experience. I'm so glad that I did because these wings were amazing !! Cooked to perfection and the sauce was to die for ! Jamie was so hospitable and kind and really made me feel welcomed. I am already craving the wings and it hasn't even been 12 hours ! Can't wait to go back.
Stopped in with my son, and enjoyed a great meal. We ordered the appetizer special, salted and roasted peppers. They were terrific! The menu was small,  so it made it easier to choose, I had the roast chicken served with mashed potatoes and perfectly crisp carrots. The skin on the chicken was roasted and according to my son the best part of my entree. He enjoyed the rabbit, which was essentially a rabbit stroganoff. It was yummy. The portions were not huge, perfect for one meal, the entrees were around $18.00. 

 I am often confused by a vast beer selection but this place had a good selection of craft brews as well as mainstreamed brews, in other words it was not a intimidating beer menu. And the server did not mind me asking about the price of beer. I noticed a few regulars at the bar, so it did not appear to be a snobby beer place. 

I was tempted to try the desserts!! The bread pudding looked and sounded great. 

Service was good, meal was great but nothing beats having a good meal with your son!
Three words: French onion soup. 5 stars just on that alone! But there's more! This is a really cozy place to grab a bite. The food is delicious and the atmosphere is friendly. We both had the burger and French onion soup and both were absolutely delicious! Staff was super friendly as well. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in the city!
Great bar right in Spring Garden. They had several beers on tap and killer food! I had the bone marrow and the crispy fried pig tails. If you consider yourself a true foodie, get here. The bone marrow was served as bone marrow should be. Whole roasted marrow bone covered with parmesan. it came with super garlicky garlic bread and was worth every bit of the nominal $10 price. The pig tails were great as well. I had never tried them, so I had no choice! They were fried and tossed in this sweet savory gastrique. Without fail, the best $6 I've ever spent! top that off with great service and a perfect location and you have a win!
Color me a fan of this place.  When I was told we were going to a bar, i didn't picture a nice little neighborhood cafe with a good little menu, but that's what I got.  Came here for lunch during the week and I enjoyed a nice meal with some good service.  I enjoyed a tasty bisque and a yummy seafood pasta dish.  All in all a very warm experience that left me very satisfied and very happy.
One of my favorite bars in the city with a "local" feel. I stop by this bar quite frequently since I live right in town. With tons of options both for beers to food to specials, there is something here for everyone. I recommend the wings - especially the hot & honey and the seasonal flatbread. Overall service and vibes of this place are always on point!
What a wonderful and delicious little neighborhood joint! And to make it even more desirable, it's just three minutes away.

After living in downtown Boston where there really wasn't much of a neighborhood vibe, it's been refreshing to move to Philly and get some of that feel back. And McCrossen's brings exactly that. 

The staff is great. Even when they are busy, they make an effort to provide exceptional service and make you feel welcome (whether you are a regular or not). 

The food - so good. Everything we have had so far has been quite delicious as far as pub food goes. The falafel sando is great. The chicken wings are meaty and delicious (so much so that I have ordered them on a few occasions now). The fries are crispy and yummy. And the burger is pretty good and can be simple or amped up by adding other items if you so choose. They also have daily specials (so far, the pretzel bites have been one of my faves). 

The beer selection is quite big, and they have a full bar and some good wine selections. I feel like there is easily something here for everyone. 

I am looking forward to more trips to McCrossen's!
You know, I rarely update my reviews, but here I am. I was a bit harsh earlier and I've come back to McCrossen's a bunch of times since my terrible HH experience and it has gotten better. (I will never order the stuff I ordered last time EVER again - review should be below). 

Anyway, I love the proximity to my apartment, of course. And I do want to talk about their brunch! AMAZING! $2 mimosas!!! I will never go anywhere else again. You can't mess up brunch and the food was good - I got an omelette, so good and I also had 12 mimosas. I'm not kidding. They're big and strong and did I mention $2. SO good.

Also, the wings and the chicken fingers are good munchies while watching the game(?) Idk what game but I've watched a few here LOL.

It's also not hard to get a seat here inside. Outside during the summer it could be tricky. 

I'm glad I gave this spot another shot. I'll be back.
Had a nice meal her last week! Came on a Saturday night around 7:30, glad we made a reservation otherwise we would have had to wait as all the tables were filled. Not a huge place, but very charming and cute. 

We got draft beers and whipped ricotta for an app. It was delicious, wish it came with more bread, however as we quickly ran out. Our server definitely was busy with other tables so we didn't see him as quickly as we would have liked and often had to find him to ask for things we needed. 

For our entrees two of us got the burger and one of us got a seasonal flatbread. Everyone seemed  very content with their meals, would def return!
While visiting Philly stumbled across this place as we were hungry and needed something to eat nearby. The space is one long hallway. Restrooms located towards back and long bar style set up. We were seated as soon as we walked in.
Our waiter was not up to par as this led tot his rating. It took about 10-15 minutes before we were able to get water for the table and place our order. We did see her pass the table back and forth. Either the place was super busy or short staff, but it took away from our experience of this establishment. 

Now the food.....worst wings I've ever had! Ordered 10 piece buffalo wings with fries. The fries were cold (perhaps b/c took her so long to bring out from the kitchen) the sauce for the wings was on the side and not mixed in?! 

Others at the table had a burger and sandwich which were just subpar. One of my friends never received her side of fries. We tried to bring to the waiter attention, but once again she was on the move never stopped at the table. We had to tell someone else which led to cancelling the order. 

Overall, Ehh experience food was not worth it at all.
Apparently this place has undergone a transformation of a sort of divey bar to now more of a gastropub.  I have been reading good things about this place and the chef for a while so we decided to give it a shot one Saturday.  We have dined at Pizzeria Vetri a few times and this place is about 2-3 blocks from that.  We strolled in at about 11:45 am and found that there was ample seating available so we sat at the bar so we could enjoy the Olympics and chat with the bartender.  The bartender was friendly and helpful with the menu.  We ordered the whipped ricotta for an app, it was good but it didn't really seem to be all that whipped, this is more of a nitpicky thing rather than a full blown criticism.  From there I ordered the steak and eggs and my g/f went with the grilled chicken sandwich.  She really liked the sandwich but it's sort of hard for those to stand out.  My steak and eggs though were awesome and it was a cool take on the dish.  On the bottom was a large chive potato cake, on top of that was an 8 oz burger, and then 2 sunny side eggs topped with a gravy sauce.  once I dug in and got going it was super tasty.  The burger was cooked medium rare just like I asked and had good bark on it from the flattop and the potato cake was awesome.  I would like to come back and try the burger along with some of the other dishes.  We took a peak at the specials board and they were serving foie gras stuffed scallops for dinner, which sounds amazing to me.  The prices are really reasonable and I do see us coming back in the future.  I definitely like the relaxed atmosphere.
Best tavern in Philly!  The staff is awesome and friendly.  The best wings in the city and their burger is tops as well - get it with bacon, cheddar, and mushrooms.   The perfect date place and also an awesome spot to unwind after a long day - great beer list with solid beer tap rotations and additions.  Also - Jamie is legendary.
this place might be a poppin' bar but Their food is also incredible. I went only when they had their late night menu... And I look forward to going back when I can order off of the fulll menu. Their brussels sprouts were delicious and not too oily. The wings were very meaty and delicious. The mussels could have been a little bigger. But that's not the Chefs fault. They were still cook very well
Go here all the time however the service today was atrocious.  The waiter made a mistake on our order.  We had to wait over 1 hour to get our meal, he blamed the kitchen.  I had to go in to speak with the owner to finally get our food. Sad because it has always been a pleasant place with excellent food and service.
