"Philadelphia is a wonderful place; I spent a week there one night." - W.C. Fields

That night might of been right here at McGillin's Olde Ale House which literally puts the "old" in Olde! This Pennsylvania pub legend opened its doors in 1860 ... making McGillin's the oldest continuously operating tavern in Philadelphia. It's busy with tourists and locals mingling for cheap food, cold beer, and loud energy. 

Don't know what to drink? Get the Beer Sampler? Don't know what food to eat? Get some $0.35 Chicken Wings and a Cheesesteak while you decide. Then spend the rest of your wonderful night/week growing olde one beer and daily special at a time.
Not just your typical Irish pub! Loved the atmosphere in this place. It was so packed for a Tuesday night and there was such a wide age range that came out to take advantage of the 35 cent wings and awesome drink specials. The wings were a nice size and had a yummy sauce. I had also had the shepherds pie which was good but over seasoned. They played a variety of music tailored to the crowd while showing an array of sports on the t.v.s. It was nice to sit in here and relax after work with good food and friends and a refreshing Blueberry Lemonade!
Unlike my previous visits, service was friendly. Felt a little out of place, but I had fun with friends. Not too many popped collars in the crowd, big plus. It was busy - both floors were happening - so we enjoyed a few drinks before moving on to the next place for dinner (and more drinks, of course). McGillin's has tons of alcohol, so it still was a decent spot to start the night (really).

If you're unlucky enough to need a car, McGillin's validates parking under the Holiday Inn Express on Market.
Last night (07/12/2019), the oldest pub in the City that Loves You Back enforced an illegal policy that discriminates against the LGBTQ community. 

I happened to be in Philly for my birthday, and after some research, I chose McGillin's as the venue for my celebration, since it was near the Convention Center. George was super helpful with the planning and Nate was super helpful on the day of, getting us set up in the upstairs bar.

All was well...until one of my guests needed to use the bathroom, and was denied access. Upon protesting, she was asked for ID, which I was repeatedly told is policy at McGillin's. Somewhere around this time is when this guest, who is transgender, found me and asked for help. After an extended negotiation that was heavily informed by my cisgender privilege, the security staff held a huddle before they ultimately decided to allow her to use the bathroom--but only after they emptied it out of all other patrons, and stood guard to make sure nobody else entered while she was inside.

It was far from ideal, but my guest had been trying to pee for about half an hour at this point, so she used the bathroom under these humiliating circumstances. Ultimately, my guest and two others, were forcibly removed, compounding their embarrassment. This effectively ended my party, as nobody in my group cared to remain in such a climate.

I knew in the moment that this was wrong and discriminatory, but what I now know, by the light of this morming after, is that it was illegal.

From Philadelphia's official government website:

"In Philadelphia, it is illegal for employers, housing providers, businesses, providers of public accommodations and City services to discriminate against anyone because of their gender identity, sex, or sexual orientation. People can use any bathroom consistent with their gender identity and any single occupancy bathroom in a retail establishment must have gender neutral signage."

When I visited McGillin's earlier in the week to see if it might work for my celebration, I noticed a Pride flag outside, as well as marketing materials (coasters) touting the bar's support of the LGBTQ year round, not just during Pride. I was happy to see such things as I value inclusivity above all else. As a person of color, I have to.

Most of the staff, at least in their interactions with me, did seem as though they were just toeing the company line, even if they didn't necessarily agree with the policies. However, that wasn't enough to save my guest from being humiliated, and it doesn't make these events any less illegal. One staff member, however, insisted that the city's law doesn't apply to the establishment, saying they were "grandfathered in." Surely there is no "grandfather clause" for discrimination like this. 

It's also worth noting that McGillin's doesn't have an ADA-compliant restroom.

A police report was filed by my guest immediately, and next steps are being contemplated. This is not how anyone should be treated, anywhere. I'm still in shock over this blatant human rights violation. Nobody should have their rights debated and trampled in this manner. 

Philadelphia's legendary spirit of "brotherly love" apparently doesn't exist in McGillin's, if you're trans. What a disgusting display of bigotry.
Oh McGillin's! In my (not that long ago) younger years, this was a weekend destination. Did I love it? Not really... my best synopsis of the vibe was 'people that wish they were still in college' and I think that still stands. Now, I'm cranky and want space and don't want someone else to bump me while I'm trying to get a drink at the bar. McGillin's has become a weeknight destination.

My most favorite times at McGillin's are for their Wednesday night karaoke and weeknight Eagles, or Sixers game viewing. Their food is pretty standard bar fare. When I'm drunk, I am a sucker for an order of their chicken tenders and curly fries.

The space has an incredible staff, that are often very friendly. I have had the one off bizarre experience with a bartender or two, but I'd be annoyed if I had to serve some of their regular clientele too! 

Prices are cheap for a bar in this location. You're getting dive bar prices in a place that actually serves food and will provide you with a server if you sit down at a table.
I know this is a 3 star review but I do recommend you at least stick your head in and at least check it out. I'll explain why it's only 3 stars in few more lines. 

So this is a pretty cool, way old and very popular spot. We stopped in at 8pm on a week night and it took a little while to get a seat. The energy in here is awesome and the beer is cold. So for that reason alone I recommend you stop by.

Now what I didn't like so much was my meal and the reason for only a 3 star rating. This was my first night and first meal in Philadelphia so I ordered a "no brainer" a Philly Cheese Steak. It's not that the cheese steak was bad it just wasn't OMG AWESOME. I expected to be dazzled by the sandwich and I was thinking is this sandwich any better than a Subway Sandwiches Cheese Steak ($5 foot long) back home in California while you're a super cool bar in Philly. If my mind even went there, this missed the mark big time. 

I did get a couple cheese steaks at those famous places in the city and they were to die for. Maybe order something else besides a cheese steak here. That's my suggestion. Be prepared for a crowd but this is always the sign of good bar.
I've probably waited too long to write this review nevertheless...I attended McGillin's on a Sunday night in February. I was taking a girl out for the second time with a group of her friends and I had another gentleman with me. The bar itself was very fun, vibrant, great beers, fun people etc. We sang Karaoke and had a stellar time.

The bill came it was 29.00 and some change so I offered to pay the tab. I handed the money to a waitress with long dark hair. I gave her 40.00 and handed her the small tab itself. I waited, I waited , I waited never got my change back. (I didn't want to make a big deal about an extra few dollars on a second time meeting a girl out.) So I let it go. No big deal. My friend and I were going to leave earlier than the girls so we kindly said our goodbyes forgot about the change... NO BIG DEAL?

About fifteen minutes later the girls call me from the bar asking me who I paid? I clearly specified the waitress I paid. The waitress comes on the phone, tells me she never received a payment...Then I get the night-shift manager on the phone she also advises me "My waitress is one of our best, she'd remember an 11.00 tip on a 29.00 order" etc Funny I spoke to the day manager, much more professional advised me the waitress was only working for two weeks.... I paid cash, horrendous mistake on my behalf. So with three girls thinking I left them with the tab, they REPAID the tab out of sheer humiliation (Not to consider the humiliation this place put me through to this point now anyway).

I knew I was right, I insisted to speak with the owner who refused to show me the camera (which was the giveaway) showing the transaction where I gave the waitress the money.. He neglected to show me the footage. He advised me he'd personally refund the girls their money and he gave me $11.00 back (my tip)... Mind you the loop I had to go through just to get that. Clearly the film would've showed me handing the money to the waitress, that is unless the cameras are as old as the bar is, which may be possible.

The night shift management expressed poor customer service skills. Foremost , the customer is always right, even when they are wrong and in this case I knew I was right. The waitress who was working at night who double charged the girls and myself honestly deserved to be barbecued over this, sorry Courtney or whatever your name is.

The owner could've handled it better. He WAS kind but far from genuine. I really really had a nice time at McGillin's but I'll never return to this establishment due to pathetic customer service and poor management.
McGillin's Old Ale House is an old establishment (~180 years old) with modern fixings like flat screen TVs. Surveillance cameras cover the alley, entrance, and upstairs. I heard live bands play there occasionally but the last time I was there I heard just the radio.

Our server (Sarah) seemed to be in a sour mood. I tried to cheer her up (and get her to pay more attention to us) but she seemed distant, only concerned about getting away from our table.

There's lots of alcohol, appropriately. It was my friend's birthday, and I was in high spirits so I ordered several rounds of shots, including Buttery Nipples, Washington Apples, and Swedish Fish. We ordered a pitcher of beer which took awhile to come out. Everything took awhile to come out, actually, except the last round of shots. It was a packed house at 7pm, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.

McGillin's menu has a fair selection of sandwiches, burgers, and other dishes but I went for their (apparently) famous wings. (FYI, I placed an order for 10 wings around 7:30p and it took about 15 minutes for them to get to us.) Sadly, they tasted like wings anywhere else - blah! Good news is the wings and everything else isn't that expensive.

Doubt I'll head back anytime soon, but I was with good company and the place didn't dampen my evening much.
"So you wanna go back to my place and smoke some pot?"  
This is where that classic line graced my ears.  Seriously the best pick-up line I've ever heard.  
My response (laughing hysterically, mind you): "That's awesome.  But no."
His friend comes over:  "Is my friend bothering you?"  
Pot guy:  "What?  She's hot.."
Me: "Um, no, actually.  I'm quite entertained.  Kudos for rare honesty."
My friends:  Dumbstruck.  Followed by uproarious laughter.
Pot guy to my guy friends:  "Is that ok with you?"
My guy friends: "um, well, it's up to her, but.." 
Me:  "I'll pass, but thanks again for the story I will post on Yelp."

Yep, this place was entertaining, not to mention cheap drinks, and very laid back atmosphere. Just a great place to hang and drink (lots) with a group.  And thanks to the bouncers - cool guys with a good sense of humor.  You rock.
Things I didn't know before planning an event at McGillins...

- the upstairs would be closed on Monday.
- having planned it in July, I didn't realize the date would be week 1 of Monday Night Football.
- pretty much everyone that replied would actually show up
- my work schedule would change and I would need to get up on Tuesday at 4am.

These things combined to make for a super anxious situation, as I entered Phillys oldest bar on the night of the Prove You Exist event.

The place was packed for the MNF game and expecting upwards of 20 yelpers, I scrambled to stake out some territory. 

One of the owners worked the room amazingly, trying to find us seats. We had secured a few tables , although sadly, not nearby. I'm sure it was extremely difficult for the staff, that we stood in their way and played musical chairs, but they didn't let us know that we were a pain in the ass. 

We were very quickly over 20 strong and it was just an amazing experience seeing old friends, meeting new ones and watching others meet and get along. Everyone who came were amazingly cool, even Michael W, who made a sad and awkward " feats of strength" display for Elite status. ( Note to Wham: Elite status is based on the merit of your reviews, not your ability to. " pick everyone up")
 
When all was said and done , the consensus was that the night was a huge success. I attribute this to both McGillins and it's staff , and the Yelpers who attended. Since I was a bit nervous about the event, I didn't try most of the delicious looking food ( the pizza was good), but I hope to remedy that for next time ( and there wil be a next time). Thanks to all involved.
Imagine taking the whole tailgating parking lot from a Dave Matthew's band show and transporting it to McGillin's.  Or maybe an overwhelming frat party over at Drexel.  That's pretty much to crowd you're going to get here.

Oh man do I hate this place.

It defies everything I cherish about going out in Philly.... finding cute little BYOBs, good live music, unique spaces.  This place is a BAR by every means of the word.  It's so loud, cramped.... it's like being back in college with kids I never hung out with in college.  The looooong tables with looooud people lead me to believe people are going out with groups of like 14+.... does that really still happen?   

The few times I've been forced to walk into MGillin's, all hopes of a chill Saturday night are lost.  My attempt to make conversation is drowned out by some shitty tunes, I feel my anxiety immediately rising, and I curse myself for ever agreeing to go here.  I count down the minutes till I can go home to my safe apartment.  Or ANYWHERE else.  I tell my friends I don't care about their $2 pitchers and unlimited wings (do they even have vegetarian food?  I can't image eating anything in that animal house.)  

Fine, call me a brat, but please, just don't make me step foot in McGillin's.
We were staying in Philly for the flower show, and were looking for a casual, inexpensive place for a relaxing meal and a drink.  All of the actual restaurants near the convention center - including the terminal market - were crazy packed.  We walked about 1/2 mile away to this place.

They had some drink specials, so we had mimosas and bloody marys - which were pretty good.

He had a roast beef open-faced sandwich, and I had the special corned beef sandwich with coleslaw and Russian dressing.  While the corned beef looked and tasted like the cheap supermarket version, the sandwich was still good because of the bread and coleslaw.

His roast beef was better.  We got a side of Old Bay fries, and that was great!  Just enough Old Bay without making it overly spicy.

This is a great place for what it is - an Irish pub with good drinks and decent food.
McGillin's was the second (and final) stop of the night for a birthday outing with friends last Friday.  Why was it chosen to be the final stop of the night?  Because this was the only place I could think of in which a bunch of r-e-a-l-l-y intoxicated twenty-somethings could: 1. still get in 2. continue to get served and 3. carry on like a bunch of teenagers whose parents went away for the weekend and left the liquor cabinet unlocked.  

Beer is super cheap here, and it should be.  How else could they possibly lure large groups of people into a bar that smells like a high school football team's locker room, post-game?  My sister actually had a more colorful description than that, but I'll spare those details.    

Fun times were had for sure, but I'd rather drink a six pack of Milwaukee's Best in the Bog of Eternal Stench than have to smell the inside of that bar again.
I love McGillin's! It was always a fun place to stop by after work with co-workers. They have a great fish and chips. As well as a delicious french onion soup, and caesar salad. Very upbeat vibe. Pleasant service. Would recommend.
*** I love, love, love this location. ***

The alley way entrance, the neon sign,
the historical facade, the everyday folk ...
but cmon McG, you really need to upgrade 
your selction of draft beer.  It is just woeful.

*** Add Dogfish 90, Raging Bitch, sumpin? ***
As my family physician, Dr. Seuss would say:

I do not care for attitude
I am usually a laid back dude
But cross me once and I declare
I might just pull your bleeping hair*

That's what I wanted to say to the battle-ax waitress who was so unnecessarily unpleasant on my recent visit to McGillin's Olde Ale House.  She seemed put out by taking a drink order, taking a food order, delivering food and delivering a check.  

Despite that, I had a decent meal here.  It's a cool old place (allegedly oldest tavern in Philly) and I like the coziness of the bar/dining area.  Bathrooms upstairs were very clean.  Beer was good although they didn't have the first one my friend ordered.  My curly fries were good, as were my Old Bay chicken wings.  Juicy and meaty, just the way I like them (and many other things as well).
This place is sort of hidden down an alley but it's cool and definitely worth a trip, as long as you do not get the same waitress we had.

You'll find this is a pleasant place
If you don't have to punch someone in the face*


_____________________________
* please note, I would never pull anyone's hair or punch them and I am not advocating physical assault on any wait staff

** additional side note- a manager from the place messaged me privately and apologized for the service which was very nice, so I take this as proof this place isn't all bad
Young crowd...  very busy. I ordered a YARDS General Washington Tavern Porter...  Couldn't tell what the beer was from the small glass of beer I got..  Yards is a local brewery from Philly....  I would expect something more "Philly" when getting a local beer...  But at the end of the day, it was very yummy....  Menu looks pretty darn good, and for Philly, the prices are pretty darn cheap!!!  We're not having dinner here, but that's got nothing to do with the food...  One day we'll eat here on a visit.. Legend says, this is Philly's oldest bar, so come stake your claim for being here!!
I've been to McGillin's a few times, mainly because I like that it is sort of hidden away.  We knew we were going to go on St. Patrick's day for a bit and everyone else would be there too, but we still went.  We waited in line for a few minutes to pay a $3 cover.  I wish someone could tell me what a $3 cover is for.  I don't really like paying covers, because they are used to keep people out.  If it's so popular that they charge a cover and people want to be there, then why charge $3 and not more?  

We get in and my wife has to use the restrooms.  I'm waiting in line on the steps with her and a security guard tells me I can't stand with her in line.  Eventually, we are ready to have a drink and we enter the college party atmosphere upstairs.  A waitress by the bar tells us that she would get us drinks and she is kind of helpful. We ordered from her and I thought this isn't that bad, but I panicked, because I didn't have enough single dollars for tips.  I think our total was $9.25 and I wanted singles in case she gave me a ten or two fives back. The waitress gave me ten dollars even back and kept the 75 cents.  I gave my wife her money back, because these people tip themselves.  I would have given her more, but I wouldn't want to interfere with their protocol.  We drank for a bit and then left. I wasn't aware this was pretty much just a college bar where underage people could easily get in.  While we were leaving, I saw someone entering the bar, pass their ID to people in their party.  The security must have seen it, but no one cares as long as you have $3.
661 reviews and 4 stars - what could I say that my fellow Yelpies haven't gotten covered? McGillin's is clearly the place to be! Oldest standing bar in Philadelphia located right in the heart of the city... lively and welcoming atmosphere, good music, very reasonable prices, great (non-watery) drinks, and the nicest staff. My 5-stars is dedicated to Lynzee, the capital A+mazing bartender working NYE. One of the busiest nights of the year for them, and we had the pleasure of having Lynzee making our drinks. Everything we ordered came out great - regardless of the amount of people barking orders across the bar, she took her time with each and every order. It was obviously a stressful day to work, but she did not allow her stress level to show; she remained calm, collected and smiling through all the chaos. She made the best of the night and did not allow the mayhem to get the best of her - a quite respectable trait that's hard to find. Lynzee was simply exceptional! Thanks for making our night more enjoyable!
I came over here to meet up with a friend and her group of people recently.  I don't know if I'll be back anytime soon.  

The bar was completely packed on a Thursday night to the point where I was getting shoved every few minutes.  (It was a snow day so a lot of people had off work that day and Friday so I'm sure people were treating this as a weekend night.)  The crowd was full of girls in heels (really?  It's actively snowing, but sure wear your 6 inch heels) and guys in tank tops (again, really?!) all loud and shoving each other.  I think I'm just a little too old for these kinds of places anymore.  

We managed to grab one stool at the bar and ordered drinks.  Unfortunately, I had been drinking wine at the place before and didn't want to switch so we ordered wine.  I knew the quality was going to be nowhere near where it was at the other bar, but I did it anyway.  My wine smelled like eggs.  I'm not kidding.  There was a strong sulfuric smell everytime I went to take a sip.  I even let my friend smell it and she agreed.  

I might, MIGHT be convinced to come back for happy hour or lunch one day to try the wings, but I don't ever see myself coming back here later in the night ever again.
This restaurant is a pre civil war tavern. YES, it's as cool as it sounds. This is down a sketchy alleyway, but don't let that stop you. Go, be adventurous. 

Usually this place is packed but on a Wednesday night we got in easily. The waitress was very nice and explained we could seat ourselves anywhere and that a waitress would get our order. We sat next to the fireplace that was decorated for Christmas. The decor had antiques and Philly memorabilia hanging up on the wall. 

They offer local beers such as Yards and fun holiday drinks. I thought they would only have bar food, but they have a variety of foods. I got turkey croquets over mashed potatoes with gravy and squash veggies.  Best croquets I have ever eaten and to my surprise the mashed potatoes were real. My husband cheese steak quesadillas was delicious too. That came on top of lettuce and the fixings. 

The drink and food prices are reasonable too, especially for being in the city. 

Enjoy! We sure did.
Awesome Irish bar/restaurant.. The food is cheap and actually really quite good. There also is typically several alcohol specials! 

Mcgillan's is one of the oldest bars in the city (and has the best Christmas decorations this time of year). There are two floors. Customers seat themselves on the bottom floor and as long as you arrive at a decent time, this never is a problem. That said, the bar gets packed!!! Upstairs is usually reserved for private parties, but on the weekends it opens up for anyone and usually is very crowded.. Lots of TVs on both floors with sports games playing year round.

Always a great time, but again gets very crowded! Remember to get there early if you want a table.
Just an Irish ale house that kicks you in the balls with great wings and punches you in the face with cheap beers.
A. Rented upstairs room for a party, the bartenders helped get my friends smashed
B. Wings killed
C. Got packed downstairs but was still able to maneuver
D. Lots of college kids
E. The motif is old school...thats a good thing

I will hit again (st. Patty's day in 2 weeks)
McGillin's - Oh how do I love thee?   
Staring in the late 70's I have considered you my second home with the exception of the young child rearing years,1992-2002.  But I wasn't away too long and I've had a blast since coming back!  
In my 20's you were there for me when we all worked graveyard shift in the city and we needed somewhere to go when we got off work. Back then Drury Lane was kinda dirty and the area was definitely seedy but Friday nights we all danced to the jukebox and of course we over imbibed. 
   Picture slow dancing to "Moondance"  
 Early 30's took my work to the burbs but you were that old friend in the city I had to visit often. Every Time I ran into someone I knew because everyone I knew felt the same about you. We got older and the nighttime college atmosphere was no longer a fit so we were satisfied with beers and a weekend lunch for many years. Fast forward to the 2000's and the HS boyfriend and I who are still friends meet there whenever he is in town. When he comes in from Florida the first thing he wants to do is go to McGillians, Dinner and beers it is !!!

July 25, 2016- I had the pleasure to come back as an audience member of MSNBC's Morning Joe Show for the DNC.  McGillin's provided great Irish breakfasts, coffee, juice, water and really great service for all attendees. The 2 hosts, Joe and Mika really had an incredible time at your pub and said it often on TV.   

I'll be back. Often.
McGillian's is a solid pub with some great history and a very cool space.  It is Philly's oldest bar, which adds a very cool element.  Service is good.  

On the downside, the beer selection is really average.  They try hard to push their own brews by surrounding them with very mediocre local beers. Food is good but not great.  The German Sausage Platter is pretty good.  Finally, the music is pumping really loud.  I like loud music -- in the right bar -- but it seems out of place in a 150 year old pub.
I absolutely love it here. To me this is the closest one can feel to the Temple Bar in Dublin without leaving the city. Going around Christmas time is a treat with the fireplace going and decorations to the nines. The atmosphere is very convivial as the patrons are all in a good mood and the bartenders are super cool. 
Not to betray their 18th century roots-the food and the prices are right on point. The $8 meatloaf has to be the best deal in town. And the hot apple cider with fireball is the best thing around. I absolutely love it here and can't wait to go back.
I returned here with a group of friends.  We were trying to eat at the German place across the street, but it was packed and we were able to get a table here with no waiting.

This experience was much more pleasant than my prior visit.  The food was good (I had a cheesesteak quesadilla) and more importantly, the service was lovely.

The young lady who served us was delightful and she made me come back and up my ranking.  I now heartily endorse this place.
I was here the other night for the Phillies game, so I can't say if my experience was typical for the place (I'm guessing not), but I had a blast...Phils winning big sure didn't hurt.

While the place was packed shoulder-to-shoulder, both upstairs and down, I was able to get the bartenders attention when needed, and everywhere I turned I had a good view at one of the TV's. Ain't no better way to catch a game! Well, except in the comfort of your own home, but these occasions are rare around here. 

There wasn't much about the atmosphere that made me want to come running back under normal circumstances, but it could have easily been a bad time, and I had a lot of fun.
Every time I come to Philly his place is a must go pit stop. It's located near Chesnut and 13th in an alley. It's beautifully decorated in the inside. Sooooo much history in one small location. Great selection of beer, delicious food. Staff is extremely friendly , week days are better in my opinion because weekends get crazy packed. Mostly locals hanging out here. Place truly goes back too 1860, 5 min walk from Love Park.
This is a staple if you are in the Philadelphia region! This bar will always be crowded and a great time. We came for open mic night on Thursday and was very impressed with the bands they brought in!  We usually just come here for pitchers of beer so this was my first time getting food and I was very pleased!  We got the cheesesteak egg rolls, buffalo wings, & tex mex fries to share.  The egg rolls were a little overcooked for my liking but the wings and fries were awesome! The wings were spicy with a nice bite and the fries were crispy curly fries loaded with toppings.  You can't beat good priced bar food with pitchers of beer!!
I wish I could give it a zero.  Upon entering, the atmosphere was really unique and it was definitely packed. We took this as a good sign and were excited to enjoy a beer here. Unfortunately, the old bartender kept grabbing all glasses (used and new) by the rims and proceeded to touch his mouth and receipts, as well. When I asked him for a couple of fresh glasses and even offered to repour the beer myself, my mom and I were yelled at, told we offended him, and were kicked out before we could even get our drinks. Save your money and go to The Dandelion instead!
Cozy and crowded, but the upstairs is lame. 

There is usually a decent beer selection for a reasonable price. They have false bottom pitchers and they don't seem to fill them all the way, so you'll never get exactly what you pay for. Some of the bartenders differentiate beer by color alone, so you may also end up with the wrong beer. 

Wing night (Tuesday) is my favorite night to go--$0.35 wings and $6 PBR pitcher specials. The wings are among the best in the city if you order them correctly (and they cook them to that order, which is hit or miss) . You must ask for them "extra-extra crispy, extra spicy, no blue cheese, and no vegetables of any kind". Wednesdays are also fun, but it tends to be really crowded, since they have karaoke and delicious $0.50 chili tacos. If you're feeling ambitious the Tex Mex Fries are excellent and massive. Make sure you have at least 4 hungry people.
After drinking fancy drinks at a trendy joint, I found myself here. And I'm still processing it, because it was a very strange experience for me. I'm thinking that if I had gone to a frat party when I was in college it may have been like this. There were sports being watched while people chugged beer and The Grateful Dead was being played. Very loudly.

So while I tried to deal with this strange new world I randomly found myself in, I enjoyed a delicious beer and some very tasty french fries, served with my required side of honey mustard. De-lish! And our bartender was a sweetie. But the bouncer was the first dude in a long time not to ask for my ID when I came in. Does that mean I'm looking really old or he's just a slacker? If you're thinking the former, then please just lie to me. Pretty please? I'll share my french fries with you!
Debbie Downer Alert!  I feel duped, bamboozled, and flat out lied to when it comes to McGillin's.  McGillin's is the oldest Tavern in Philly as made evident by the big neon sign out front.  The problem is when I think 1860's tavern, I don't think crappy Kenny Chesney music and gangster rap blaring so loud I can't hear my lady friend.   The vibe was more club and sports bar than that of a historic Ale House which they promote themselves to be.  That's like going to a high class steakhouse and they decided to serve corndogs and pizza rolls.  I like corndogs and pizza rolls but in the right place. 

The lady friend and I ordered a few beers and there was a decent selection and the prices were good.  We also split an order of chicken nachos and I ordered a cup of chili.  The nachos were awful.  The shredded cheese on top was burnt and 75 percent of the chips didn't have any toppings on them.  Luckily I ordered the chili for us to dip the chips in.  I will say the chili was very good but the nachos were terrible.

McGillin's is an ok bar if you have the right expectations.  I've been in other really old bars and they felt like old bars, this one does not.
McGillin's is a classic old pub that I never get tired of.   Officially dubbed the oldest bar in the country and I believe it..

You can find a decent and mixed crowd almost any night of the week. I don't eat there too often but I've been pleasantly surprised each time. Solid turkey burgers and wings.  And the service is always friendly.

 They have the standard brews except for Guinness so if you are a fan of Guinness, don't bother going to McGillan's. They do not serve the world's most famous stout due to a silly dispute with the Guinness Import Company and the owner.
Maybe it's a vicarious nostalgia, maybe it's my Irish-American Heritage, but I LOVE this place.  I'm not a regular, but it's a great special occasion place... the historical feel of the bar lent a perfect ambiance to 2008 Election Night, made even more perfect by Tuesday being Wing Night!
Went to this place by just yelping it while in PA for the night with my husband. What a fun bar. It was karaoke night and everyone was taking part and singing along. The menu was vast and the food was very good for bar food. The drinks kept coming and were delicious too. The staff were very friendly and attentive. The atmosphere was fun and a great night out was had we didn't even go to any other bar. We even went back for lunch the next day.
(To the tune of Taylor Swift's classic Blank Space)

Nice to meet me? No, it's not.
I can't hear what you have to say .
Yes, it's madness, what's that scent?
Think it might be Axe Body Spray
Oh my God, look at that bro
Line to bar, how long's it go?
Love this song, wanna danceeeee?

Underage kids, getting fried
Pretty sure that one is eighteen
Overcrowded, sweaty guys
But I do like their spicy wings
So hey, show up drunk
You probably... won't mind the funk
Grab a pitcher, and a cup
Not that bad, but not quite a slam dunk.

I think McGillin's is a place I don't mind accidentally ending up in, but never intentionally make my destination. It's normally crowded on the weekends, loud, and full of bar crawls. Bar golf? Ugly sweater crawl? St. Patrick's Day? Forget about it. However, the prices are cheap (might be why the college kids seem to love it) and, if you kind of just submit to the silliness of the night, you might have a good time.

I haven't, yet, but some of my friends swear by it.... Hundreds of Philly bros and bro-ettes can't be wrong, right?

The jury's still out.
This is a really fun place.  The drinks and food are really cheap and the atmosphere is very relaxed at happy hour.  Once I stayed for the karaoke, but the place got super crowded and I felt like I was at a college frat party.  It was then that I made a hasty exit.  

While we were there, we ordered all kinds of finger food, such as nachos (which were good), french fries (also good), and coconut shrimp (a bit of a disappointment).  

My recommendation?  Its great for happy hour, but make sure you leave before the karaoke starts, if you don't like crowds and bad singing.
this place will always hold a special place in my heart. 5 dollar pitchers of cold beer, long tables big enough to fit you, your friends, and all your hangers-on, inexpensive and yummy bar food, tvs everywhere, a jukebox, and even karaoke for when you're feeling especially corny. i salivate thinking about the tex mex fries.
We came here for our recruiting trip, as we were taking the new recruits out for drinks.  It was pretty packed on a Saturday night, and I have an aversion to loud music being played in the bar. How are you supposed to talk to someone if you can't hear them.

The drink selection was ok, although all their winter specials were all out..which was weird since they were still advertising them.  Anyway, I bought a few drinks (fyi, $10 minimum for debit card), and was able to hold some conversations....but it just didn't really fit for me
I'm going to go out and say it. McGilin's is definitely a 5 star establishment.... Am I just going on a 5 star binge. That's a NO.  Here is why.

1) They have been open since 1860. 
2) They allow you to be crazy, but kick out people that just need to leave
3) they allow flip cup and other outrageousness
4) they had a hurricane party for Hurricane Irene in 2011
5) the drinks are cheap
6) i always feel like the people in the bar are LOCALS and there are 0 tourists or people from out of town (jersey) here.
7) great place to watch sports games
8) upstairs is my favorite
9) they do pitchers and they are cheap
10) they tweet back to you when you are there. LOVE.
11) great for big groups

the reasons go on... and so does this bar.

it's always there. and it's always fun.
The oldest, continuously operating tavern in Philadelphia, McGillin's has been serving up frosty brews, tasty food, and a fun atmosphere since 1860. Tucked away on a narrow alley in Center City, McGillin's is a Philly institution for locals and a hidden gem for out-of-towners. If you're a fan of karaoke (whether you like to sing or just listen and observe), Wednesday nights at McGillin's is the place to be. Although it can be difficult to find a table at times and navigating through the crowd can be tough, a trip to McGillin's is always worth it.
Ridiculous drink specials and each day of the week, there are food specials too. Example? Wednesday, when I went, is $1 for 2 tacos night (in addition to $5 pitchers of domestic beer, and karaoke). Crazy! I've been here before and didn't think the food was that great, but let's be honest...you don't come here for the food. That said, this time I ordered the wings, and they were delicious. I would have preferred them a touch crispier, but a huge pile of buffalo wings, hot sauce everywhere, and lots of beer kind of fit the vibe of this place. It gets really crowded though, so don't expect to flag down your server very easily. You can rent out the upper level space for private parties as well.

On a completely unrelated note, the staff here are really kind. There was a woman in the ladies room who had apparently vomited all over the floor, but the bar staff treated her with great dignity (even when it was obvious that she was incredibly drunk). They tried to find her group of friends, asked her where she lived, etc., but did it all in a way that suggested compassion and not liability. They also managed to clean up the vomit fairly quickly, so kudos to them.
McGillian's is not a place that would come up in my mind as a place to eat but it's a great place to drink. It's in a good location and if you kind of want to bar hop around on a thursday night, this is the place.You can enjoy the christmas decor in this place around the holidays as well, they go all out. To me it's a typical dive bar with not so clean bathrooms but that's okay, because sometimes you don't always have to be fancy.
I trust McGillians.  I trust that i will have fun there.  I trust the service will be good.  I trust the prices will be reasonable.   This tavern on a little side street in Center City is hard to find if your not a local, but well worth it once you do.  Kareoke is not to be missed!  Basically, the perfect watering hole!
I was really disappointed in the food at McGillin's Olde Ale House. We ordered an appetizer sampler that consisted of Mozzarella sticks with a marinara sauce that tasted like spicy ketchup, Buffalo
chicken strips with a nasty tasting bleu cheese and philly cheesesteak egg rolls. There was 1 egg roll cut in two, two Mozzarella sticks and three chicken strips.   The other disappointment was that the McGillin's Olde Ale beer sampler (flight) that was advertised on the menu was not available. All the beers were on draft and available for individual purchase, but the restaurant did not honor this flight offering shown on their menu.
If I'm trying to grab a drink on my lunch break, this is my first stop. During the day it's a mixed crowd of locals and dining patrons, it has a homey feel to it but not with that dive-bar type iffiness. 
Before 2pm, with any purchase you make there, you get free unlimited soup. And these aren't just chicken noodle soups, they're hearty and filling, my favorite being their tortilla soup. This is what hooked me the first time and kept me coming back for lunches. Well, that and the fact they always are pouring Walt Wit (which is probably my favorite beer brewed in PA hands down)...get this...for $4.25! Honestly, the prices on their drafts can't be beat. The most I've seen one go for is maybe $5.75, and we're talking craft beer here! 
For me, being able to get a meal (and a beer) for the price of a beer really appeals to the 'frugalista' side of me. Even if you're in the mood for more than soup or come later, the menu has some well priced appetizers and great food regardless. 
What you can't forget is that this place is smack-dab in the middle of center city. Like a lot of people have said, this place gets packed at night, and it's almost impossible to predict what crowd you'll get. It ranges from huge parties of tourists to drunk frat kids who play top 40 songs on the touchtunes machine to hoards of businessmen that can't seem to get the hint that they're twice your age and you're there to drink awesomely priced craft beer, not go home with someone.  Even so, this can't deter me from a five star rating because I love the place and their prices so much.  It's a great spot to start a night out with your friends and have some cheap drinks, and an even better spot to stop in during the day.
My friends and I came here to celebrate a birthday, and had a lovely time.  A bit loud overall, but down to earth, rowdy, and fun in general.  Karaoke on Sunday night was crowded and entertaining with a fairly forgiving crowd, and I was sad to not get there early enough to get my song in (hence only 4 stars...because I am a pouter and believe the KJ to be biased against Guns and Roses).  But if you are looking for a comfortable place to drink, where you can discuss song selection with total strangers with no trepidation, this is the place for you.
Good Food, Great Drinks, Positive Vibes, Delicious Drinks!

A great and authentic pub that was some great food and cocktails for a decent price. A great starter to the night. Has 2 floors so can easily accommodate larger parties but still quaint if you want to just grab a bite and a pint with a friend.
Would have given at least 4 stars but when my friend and I left (we were with his date and 2 of her friends and they stayed) the waitress claimed that we didn't pay our bill...it was $30 and my friend handed the bill with $40 and never got any change back which he didn't mind but on top of that they tell his date that we didn't pay which is absolutely ridiculous...this was humiliating towards my friend and I felt humiliated for him...oh and his date ended up paying another $40 for the bill they claimed that my friend didn't pay...a slap to the face x100...will never go back to this place if they can't even keep track of who paid for what...I don't recommend this place unless you don't mind taking the chance of possibly getting ripped off
I came to McGillin's Olde Ale House so I could watch the NFL games while visiting Philadelphia. There's a parking deck located next to the sports bar for customers. Street parking is hit or miss. The entrance is in an alleyway. McGillian's was crowded with a lot of Philadelphia Eagles fans (expected). Most of the televisions played Eagles games. I was expecting to see a variety of NFL games at the bar. The Washington Redskins game came on after the Eagles, so I was able to watch my team play. We were seated after a short wait. There's an upstairs and downstairs area for customers. The beer is popular at this bar. I ordered some wings and onion rings. My wings were average. I like more of a crispy coating but the wings were naked. The beer battered onion rings were excellent. McGillin's onion rings are fried to perfection. The onion rings definitely hit the spot. Oreo pie filled my sweet tooth. The Oreo pie was tasty. Our waiter was attentive (good service).The sports bar is dim inside. McGillin's is definitely a great hangout spot for Philadelphia Eagles fans. Overall, I enjoyed my dining experience and watching football at McGillin's (good football atmosphere). I give McGillin's Olde Ale House a 3.5 rating.
The only thing that beats a good Irish pub, is a good Irish pub with a beautiful & attentive bartender.

I found just that at The Old Bell in Hand Tavern= McGillin's Old Ale House. I love nostalgia and that is McGillin's. Opened in the 1860's, McGillin's describes itself as the oldest tavern in Philly. Think of all the lucky patrons if the tavern always employed sweet beauties like Kristen! 

Kristen first poured me a sampler (allowing me to replace the IPA as I do not like them). She was informative, brash yet sweet all at the same time.

McGillin's has gallons of beer on tap. I was extremely pleased with the sampler Kristen put together for me. Stouts, ales, lagers and a cider! Yumm!

Great conversation- even if it was anti-Yankees and pro Philly.  Kristen was very friendly behind the bar. It made my first time in Philadelphia memorable...
Well Kristen and maybe the Liberty Bell influenced that. 

At Kristen's suggestion, I ordered a Roast Beef sandwich. It was awesome! Never had one with chilis but that made it even better.

All in all- great beer selection, good food, a beautiful Philly bartender!!!  My only regret is I am not staying in Philadelphia.

The tavern is large and roomy. Good Irish whiskey selection, 30 beers on tap and more than 5 tv's! Must be a fun place to watch the Philly teams... loose!!! Hahaha
I went here last night with a group of friends. We were dancing when a bouncer from across the way came up to me and said something to me. The only word I could make out with the loud music was, "dance." He walked away before I could ask him what he had said so I shrugged it off as nothing and continued to dance with my friends. Within minutes later the same bouncer came up and forcefully  grabbed me by the arm and said, "Let's go." I couldn't believe I was getting kicked out when I wasn't drunk  nor causing an issue. Upset by this I kept asking him why I was being kicked out but he refused to answer me. I woke up this morning to two bruises on my arm from this guy. 
I will NEVER go back here and will be sharing my story to make sure none of my friends go here either. It's a shame that one of your workers felt the need to violently kick me out when I was telling him I will gladly go while walking out, I just wanted to know what I did.
Came here in November 2015 with friends while we were attending a student conclave in Valley Forge. Kind of sketchy to walk through a dark alley. There was a line out the door, maybe about a 20 minute wait, as the bouncer checks everyone's IDs. We were celebrating one of my close OT friend's birthdays, and they gave us special treatment. Haha. She always gets good perks for being social. Once we got in, it was soooo hard to walk through the crowd. It was packed! When I say packed, I mean, you can barely even get from the front door to the bar without shoving someone out of the way. I'm a short, petite girl, and I'm sure I could've been trampled on, but my friends and I held hands not to lose each other. Lol. The whole place was completely covered in Christmas decorations. It was great!! If you're a girl and need to go to the restroom after having a few drinks, good luck! The restrooms are upstairs, and the line goes all the way to the front entrance. Since we were in the corner near the bar, a bouncer personally walked us out the back way to the front entrance again. I was so tempted to just use the guy's restroom. Haha. There was another small dance floor upstairs, equally as crowded. Overall, it was a great experience. So, visit the oldest bar in Philly - it's loud, it's crowded, and the music is bumpin'!! ;)
Not sure why this place is a 2 dollar sign place, it's definitely closer to a 1 dollar sign place. We were in the neighborhood and was looking to grab a Guinness. We dropped by this place based on yelp recommendations, and we were pleasantly surprise with their options and prices. We ordered their beer sampler for less than $10 we got 6 generous tasting of local brews, we also paid $5 for a basket of curly fries, and the portion was huge! We went in expecting to do a quick drink and we ended up hanging out here all afternoon. Would definitely recommend stopping by this place for food and drinks!
I LOVE McGillin's! If you know me, you know how much I love a good dive bar. Anytime I'm exploring philly, I'm always happy to find an Irish pub. It's almost a guarantee that I'll stop in. 

I came on a Sunday for the first time. Always $7 pitchers of PBR, free soup during lunch hours, and other great deals everyday. 

I've also been here during karaoke on Wednesday!YES! The singing platform is quite small so beware! A note: this place can be filled with college students and gets VERY packed, but I think it's still very fun. 

Overall affordable eats, cheap drinks and good times.
McGillins is such a pro LGBTQ that for any person to try to hurt this amazing establishment is just WRONG! Several woman complained that a "man" was using the ladies bathroom. Nobody did anything wrong and it's being hyped beyond belief.  Me & my friends love McGillans because it's such an all around welcoming place for EVERYONE !!!! Come in and see for yourself before judging such a special and happy  place .
This might just be the best place for standard karaoke (Philly has an eclectic mix of karaoke nights - Punk Rock, Puppets, Etc.) in all of Philadelphia. They have roughly three huge books of songs to choose from, so chances are your going to find that one special song your looking for and then some.
McGillin's has a great assortment of beer and food as well. your best bet is definitely to go for the featured Micro brew. It's the oldest bar in Philadelphia and has a beautiful decor. The only flaw is that it can get ultra crowded. 2 floors of people packed in together.
It goes without saying that if you live in or are ever visiting Philly, this place is a landmark you have to go to.  And despite that fact, it took me 2 years to be introduced to this historical Irish pub.  The couple times I have been here now, this place without fail always has a full house.  It must be the great beer selection, the cheap and tasty snacks, and approachable wait/bar staff.  Not to mention when sharing a couple pints with friends you think back to how hundreds of years pubgoers did the same sitting in the very spot you are.  Definitely a timeless hang out.
Hubs and I LOVE McGillin's and make a habit of going for a meal and beers when we are in Philly. The very first time we visited Philly, we were referred there for lunch from our hotel as something we HAD to do. Don't get your hopes up thinking this place has excellent food or something crazy that no one else has, it just IS very cool. 

It seems that every city has that bar that they say is the oldest bar in the US...this is one of them. It looks like it, too! The place is dark, wooden finishing and floors, servers who present no frills, just good service, and the place is always packed!

The menu has the traditional irish pub food, nothing special. I've had several of their sandwiches and their soups, and of course we have had our fair share of beers. Beer is what you really come for because it's just one of those bars that makes you feel like you are there, along with everyone else, just to drink your cares away. It is as casual as it gets, sometimes a little on the dingy side, but that seems to be ok when you're at McGillin's!
I was here for my partner's work holiday party, right before Christmas, so I've only ever hung out in the upstairs area.  I didn't get much of a chance to try the food, and I think I drank two Miller Lites because they were free, but I really got the feeling from the staff that they were not happy we were there.  Anytime I went to get a drink, the bartenders seemed annoyed, and then at the end of the party, they were really aggressive with getting us out of there so they could set up for another party.

I would definitely like to come back and give this place another shot sometime, to see if the service is any different.  I was only in the main area for a few minutes, but the crowd in there did seem a bit obnoxious.
I feel like McGillin's is the really obnoxious friend who can't really hold their liquor so you always debate inviting them out... but in the end you do anyway because you guys have history together and the sh*tshow is entertaining. 

Unfortunately, unless you are already sloshed when you arrive, it can be a little hard to wrap your mind around the solid facts of the place:

1. It will be crowded, sometimes uncomfortably so
2. You may or may not find somewhere to sit
3. There may be karaoke going on, making it nearly impossible to hear even your loudest friend
4. Everything is slightly sticky

If you go in knowing what to expect and willing to succumb to the blackouts of yesteryear, McGillin's is pretty much a guaranteed good time. Get yourself some pitchers of cheap beer and 50 hot wings and start the ol' 1-2 punch of chugging and stuffing your face. Soon, you'll begin to feel that familiar fuzziness and you may start slurring your words. Go with it. Someone might spill on you. You definitely have wing sauce all over your face. Ignore and keep chugging. Is that a rousing game of 'Cheers Governor' going on behind you? Join in! Having fun yet? That's what I thought.
The perfect place to start the night's adventure.

Huge, alcohol absorbing sandwiches, pitchers of beer of a solid assortment of variety and flavors, and a friendly waitstaff and bouncers willing to give you solid suggestions of next stops and what to try while you're in town.

Great place.
Do you love Taylor Swift? How about Britney Spears? How about a good old Backstreet Boys throwback? If you answered yes to all if the above, then this is the place for you. At least on a Saturday night.

The prices are dirt cheap and bar was full of Happy-Go-Lucky college kids being as carefree as one should. I personally enjoyed the atmosphere. I usually have fun wherever I am, but if crowds are not your thing you might want to skip this place. Throughout the night, my boyfriend asked a few times if Philly was Taylor Swift's hometown. I've never seen so many girls (and guys) dance and sing so perfectly to all her songs. However, I think she's from Connecticut. 

After a couple of beers, we made our way through the crowded exit and on to the next place. I wouldn't mind stopping by again, but maybe on a weekday if I'm ever in town sometime.
Such a cool bar!

Just to note ahead of my review, I didn't eat any food here. I just stopped in for a few drinks. 

This is the oldest bar in Philly (est. 1860). When you are in a city full of history why not drink a little bit of it too?

This place was such a cool bar and such a cool setting with the old building and the decor.

I recommend coming here for at least a drink (or 4).
I only go here for karaoke for DJ Joe H's jawn, but when I go on Sundays everyone is so nice and friendly.    Had some great conversations on Sunday nights with staff and managers (owners?).  

You never know who you meet in here because it's a bit of a tourist destination being close to hotels and being the oldest bar in Philly.  I've met rodeo clowns from TX and businessmen from Prague in here.    One time I met two guys from Manchester  the same day that Man City did the double over Man United (for the first time in like 25 years) and I was decked out in my City gear celebrating and we had a grand old time talking about how evil Man United is.    That doesn't happen too many places in the illdelph.

Try the mussels-to die for.  

If you go for karaoke I recommend going on Sunday, other nights draw HUGE crowds and while it's fun you might get annoyed by popped collars and not getting to sing too much.
McGillin's Old Ale House....

What a nice little industrial-post-punk gay bar!

They did have pints of Hopback for $3.50.
I'm finding it hard to believe that I have never written a review of McGillan's, but apparently my ADHD has gotten the better of me. 

McGillan's has always been a fun spot full of great food, fun atmosphere (when not over crowded with frat boy yuppies for football games), and a beer list including one of my absolute favorites - Beamish. They are literally the only bar here that can import the brew right off of the boat thanks to the hundred year old liquor license. (PS did you know that your "Irish" beer is actually all made in Canada when it is served on draft - stupid PA liquor laws. But they have REAL Irish beer from Ireland. - yay!)

I'm going to sans the sarcasm and make it clear why this place rocks:

1.)  25 cent wings on Tuesday - BIG wings, not little ones like some places (South Street, eh hem)

2.) Beamish and damn good house ale!

3.) Mile High Meatloaf dinner at only $8

4.) Saturday $5 steak night rocks my socks.


And finally, some things I do NOT like about the placed, which has caused my lack of a perfect star score:

1.) Loud, drunk yuppies falling over me during sporting events.

2.) The fact that they found the need to put hundreds of TVs in an old fashioned pub. 

That's about it really. Oh, and you get some damn good free soups at lunch, great in the winter with some cider.
I have not tried their food. If excellent, they'd get 2 stars. Generally I rate food at 3-4 stars, and service at 2-3 stars, depending on outliers.

I went to the bar with some medical school friends tonight at McGillin's. I bought several friends and a complete stranger some beers on both the 1st and 2nd floor of the bar. I had 2 tabs running. The ones in which I bought my friends beers, I paid for. Right after we placed our separate table drink orders, my friends decided to switch bars. They left immediately and I was stuck dealing with our current drink orders. I anticipated telling the management the situation.

The waitress followed me upstairs when I went to close my tab upstairs and I told her that we were leaving, but that I'd pay for my drink. She told me I was responsible for the whole table. When I refused, she continued upstairs, logged into her station and charged me for everyone's drinks once she found out I had a second tab. I gave a fus about it and told her that I would take it up with my credit card company.

I went to the manager to close my other tab and she gave me hassle about how I should be responsible to them for everyone's drinks and how they would dispute it with my credit card company and make me pay for it.

Remember, we're talking about 2-3 bottled beers that my friends ordered. She told me my yelp review wouldn't matter because they have 4 stars on yelp. That maybe true, but each one counts. The bouncer also told me I was full of crap and that I would be responsible for it.

Fortunately I spoke with American Express and of course I was right. They said they will absolutely cover the charges or not reimburse the business. This is about principle, not $10 in beers.

The Managers name was Maggy, and the waitress' name was Kathleen, or Kathryn but she called herself Kat. This was Friday, September 6th, 2014.

They get one star because of Service!

Ahh, you have to love the power of good credit with your credit card company, because I will NEVER pay for those beers.
Went on a Sunday which was extremely crowded and packed w marathon runners. Had to pay a visit to the oldest bar in Philly just to say I did. Didn't drink but my friends did and they said the drinks are strong and good
Came here on a Friday night with a couple friends to chill out before a show at the Troc.  They had a good selection of beers though we stuck with the bud light just because they were 5 a pitcher till 7pm.  Afterwards, they were 6.50, which still wasn't bad for a city bar.  It's a pretty neat place, the crowd is young, and the beer is reasonably priced.  The only things that may have ruined the experience was the continuous Dave (ugh) blasting from the radio and the bitchy waitress who obviously didn't want to be there.
65+ year old manager kicked us out for asking questions about the price of drinks after 11pm. When I asked what went wrong (100% sober) I was immediately grabbed by a massive unidentifed colored male. Literally picked up by a person 200+ lbs my size. NEVER PATRONIZE THIS PLACE EVER. If you're 20 and go to college it's a good party but if you're an adult don't waste your time. Simple as that.
no where near my favorite bar but not my most hated bar either...  mcgillin's is the close to my office and hotel, so therefore everyone feels the need to frequent its sweaty halls.  this place piles up really quick on the weekends, and makes it difficult to get to the jukebox.  you definitely need to be a jukebox bully at this establishment in order to drown out some of the choices of the other patrons.

i was told that the wings were delicious, and i was far from impressed.  they were dry and nowhere close to as spicy as i like.  also, the blue cheese sauce was kinda gross.
EXCELLENT! That doesnt even begin to describe my excitement for Mcgillins. Giving it 5 stars isnt even enough. Honestly there isnt anything about this bar that makes it extra special, it is just the combination of everything you could want. There is plenty of seating, however because how busy it gets its sometimes hard to find a spot. The food is your standard bar menu, but a little better. You wont come here and get a full entree of food but it is the perfect spot if you want to get an assortment of things.

By far my favorite is the $6 Pitchers of PBR. It's good to go to a bar in Philly and not spend an arm and a leg for beer you could buy at $20 a case. Most Pitchers are usually on special for anywhere from $6-$8 per. And the fact that I have come here before and they have served me pitchers individually like they were normal 8 oz drinks doesnt hurt either.

The wings are a must. They are absolutely delicious and not your standard bar wings that have been sitting under a heat lamp all night. 

Mcgillins is also always hosting some sort of event. They value their customers and you can usually find some sort of festival here. 

The only down side I can say about them is their lack of NFL games during the season. They do not have an NFL package so the only games on are the Fox and CBS games. But even as fanatic as I am about sports that really isnt an issue. 

Check this place out if you are in the city, it is a MUST! Plus it being one of the oldest Ale Houses in the country you will get treated to a historical side as well.
My friends and I were on a Center City scavenger hunt (http://www.phillythegame.com/) and one of the stops was McGillin's. We decided that since we were there, we had to buy a couple pitchers of lager ($6 each), right? Of course we did! We chatted it up with the friendly bartender who asked how our hunt was going. I glanced at some of the old photos and tschotskes around the bar and felt like I had been transported to another time. I waxed nostalgic and yearned for the good 'ol days and felt somehow more .. patriotic. McGillin's contains a lot of history and I was honored to be there for the first time!

I don't know what it's like at night but on this particular Sunday afternoon it was fairly quiet, with most patrons at tables having a bite instead of at the bar being drunk and disorderly. 

I could definitely see myself as a regular here.
Every bar has its place.  While in some regards, I wish every bar could have a fantastic beer list, an innovative menu, and exemplary service, I know such a thing is not possible.   Its hard for me to give an objective opinion here, as my brother is such a regular here that the staff knows me on sight as well.

As I understand it, McGillin's is the oldest continuously licensed bar in the city, if not the United States, North America, the Free World, and so forth.  That heritage is evident in the decor, decades of liquor licenses and advertising placards.  On the taps, domestics are well represented, but there are a few regionals and  micros to keep it interesting.

Food is mostly pub classics.  Tuesday night is quarter wings, if you brave the crowds you can find some fantastic meaty, flavorful wings, in multiples of 5 like any true Philly wing joint.  Haven't had much else, though as I recall the nachos are substantial, but the sandwiches leave a bit to be desired.

Karaoke  nights are an adventure, crowded and wild and unpredictable as ever.  The college age crowd most nights can be a bit of a drawback, but I tend to phase out the crowd for the most part.  The jukebox is too loud, but this isn't the place to go if you want to hear yourself think.  It's loud, crowded, and obnoxious, and many times I think its the type of place I gave up when I finished college, but sometimes, there's no place I'd rather be.
This place is downright hilarious. Go there on a Friday night and you'll find a loud (but not obnoxiously so), packed bar that is almost reminiscent of St. Elmo's. 

The beer selection is not for the connoisseur, but it won't kill you. The food is ridiculously cheap ($6.99 for a huge shepherd's pie), and it probably won't kill you either, but you might not feel your best for a day or so.

This place is a crowd pleaser. If you're not sure where to bring your friends from out of town, start here. If they're snobs, they'll enjoy making fun of the pregnant waitress in the mini skirt, or the south jersey tourists. If they're normal humans, they'll fit right in.
I iived right behind this place for 4 years on the 4th floor, it was a massive source of entertainment on a Friday or Saturday night.  The vomit that we used to watch spew out of college students - unimaginable!
It is the oldest pub in phila, and has fantastic food.  Great to grab a drink at 2am  on the weekend
Drinks, experience, ambiance = 4 stars
Food = 2/3 stars

I've popped into McGillin's a few times here and there, usually just for a drink with friends that are visiting so they can get the whole "oldest pub in Philly" experience. Ended up getting dinner here last night for a change of pace.

For what McGillin's is, it's fine You definitely go for the experience and the cheap drinks. It's a Philadelphia icon so that's really what you're going for. The full sit down experience was pretty meh. Service was fine - nothing wrong but nothing great. The food menu is your typical pub fare, nothing crazy exciting or anything. I had mussels and they were very blah. The white wine sauce was just a tad above lukewarm when they got to me and the mussels themselves tasted on the fishy side. Yes, I know it's seafood... but you don't normally get that sort of foul fish taste with mussels. The meal got cold pretty quickly since the sauce was barely even warmed up. It wasn't terrible by any means, I guess I was just expecting something better. And maybe mussels aren't really the right thing to order in this place. I wouldn't be opposed to getting food while I'm there for a drink again, will definitely try something different though.

They tout themselves a great place for day-drinking, so if you want to get drunky mc drunk pants, then this definitely seems like the place to go. I've never experienced McGillin's at full crazy since I'll normally just stop in for a drink while strolling around the city and whatnot. Drink prices and food prices are very cheap, so it definitely doesn't break the bank. They do have a pretty solid beer selection as well!
How have I not reviewed McGillin's? I've definitely been here more times than my two check-ins reflect. McGillin's is the oldest pub in Philly, and one of the oldest in the country. It packs a lot history, cheap beer, and people. You can't beat the prices here for solid eats and beers, check out their specials - there's deals every day of the week. Depending on the day, you can snag pitchers for $6 and wings for $0.35.

Because McGillin's is such a well-known establishment in Philly, it's never NOT busy. You could be one of the first people there in the morning, but be aware that the place quickly fills up. That being said, I've never had a real issue getting a table or stool at the bar. If you're keen on camping here for an Eagle's game or post-Mummer's brunch, you can be sure the space will be tight, so just plan ahead. 

McGillin's reminds me of a true Irish pub, the ones I frequented on my visit to Dublin. It's large, loud, social, dim-lit, and fun. There's definitely a good time to be had here. I'm a big fan of their cheap beer, but they've got a good selection of local and craft brews available too. Good for brunch, day drinking, and late nights. It's casual Philly dive-y pub, but definitely worth a visit.

(I can't speak to their food, I've only ever drank here)
Mediocre pub atmosphere with no redeeming qualities and incredibly rude staff. There are much better neighborhood pub options nearby.
My group of friends were ATTACKED at this pub before we even received our first drinks, then thrown out! We were the victims of belligerent jocks that started a chant and decided it was ok to pour beer on my BF while he was signing over his money to the bartenders. He was drenched and the female manager couldn't have been more rude/condescending. (We understand that when drinking with a packed house their could be drama) but they refused to find the culprit and focused all of their attention on kicking us out! We called and requested for the owner to contact us but never heard from him. It's very sad to think we were visiting a new city and this is what will be remembered, thanks a lot Mcgillins  we won't be going back.
Local cider was super. Great flavor and body. We each had fish and chips. Fish was nice, white and flaky. Batter was fried just a touch too long so it had an off taste. Not burnt, just a bit different. Still, that didn't deter us from making everything  vanish. 
Service was pleasant and was available when needed w/o hovering. Will definitely be back if we get to town again.
Has the atmosphere of a colonial-era ale house, likening itself to McSorley's Ale House in New York. On weekends, this place is packed to the gills with drunk college kids tripping over themselves to buy handled pints of beer, which they will promptly chug (and dribble down their chins onto their collegiate sportswear). It almost seems like a rite of passage here. 

Adorned by many televisions, McGillins is really more of a spectator sports venue and endears itself to this genre by having several long tables perfect for hosting large groups. My most pleasant visit was during the fall a couple of years ago when we popped in for a house ale on a Saturday afternoon. It was empty, the bartender was friendly and the college football was in peak form. This is a good place to grab a drink, but be prepared for the sloppy crowds on the weekend.
Fun bar/restaurant all food looks good and prices are right. The karaoke singers are not good at all!
This place is everything a pub should be! It has $5 pitchers on most nights and Saturday night is Karaoke Night. Be warned though, it gets crowded!!! There is a room upstairs but it is smaller and is crowded as well.

My favorite night however, is Tuesdays, where wings are 25 cents. They are quite tasty and come with all the fixins'. The TVs here are fairly new but not as pleasureable to view as other bars in the area. They are set at weird angles and depending on where you're sitting, you may not have a good view of one.

Other than that, the staff are friendly, do the best they can, and the crowd is lively. Definitely a spot to be a regular at.
Is there anything left to say about McGillin's Old Ale House that hasn't already been said or written?  ... prob not.  So I'll make this review short.

  McGillins is one of America's oldest pubs and Philadelphia's oldest continuously operating pub.  It's also one of the world's most crowded.  It's located on a cool hidden back alley called Drury.  At one time or another every young dude in Philly has been drunk in McGillins.  At one point or another every young girl in Philly has been drunk in McGillins.  Yes, at night the crowd might seem too young for some folks ... but hang in there (or go during the day!).  It's worth it even if you are of an age where you no longer need to produce an ID to drink.  There's good food ...great beers ... all the history beneath its timbered ceiling ... and remember - there's truly only one McGillin's Old Ale House in this entire world!
Cheap Beer? McGillin's. Endless amount of frat boys? McGillin's. It's the right place for those who don't mind a loud atmosphere with a huge amount of pretentious assholes. I, myself, enjoy it. Wednesday is karaoke night, it's a mad house. Get there early because EVERYONE sings. 2 a buck tacos,  7$ PBR pitchers and $4.50 shots. Can you beat that? The beer tastes like it's been water down 5 times, it still does the deed. Weekends it's pretty much a hellhole, far too many people, you never find a place to sit and the service is blah. But who cares!! you still get what you pay for!. 
It's definitely not an everyday bar. But once in a while, when you don't feel like paying more than 9$ for a pitcher it's definitely the Go2 bar.   

FYI: It's the Oldest pub in Philly.
Dropped in for a beer on a very hot Philly day. They have a large variety of beer including local options. My husband ordered the Reuben sandwich with sauerkraut and side cole slaw and chips. It's a hearty meal but not too much for lunch. The bread was a buttered toast which was crunchy and not greasy. The sandwich was stacked with meat with layer of sauerkraut and thick cut pickles. Being a little bit of a Reuben snob, he was very pleased with this sandwich. Service was attentive and friendly.
It's lit...I'm from Boston and love a nice Irish pub. This place has an awesome vibe and an alley entrance which is just...incredible.
On a recent business trip to Philadelphia, I was looking for a nice place close to the hotel. I checked Yelp and found that, McGillans, the oldest bar in Philly was just a few blocks away. 

Setting was really cool, you walk up an alley to get to this place. Inside, there was a big crowd for a Monday night. I sat at bar and had a cheesesteak and a couple of beers. The food was authentic Philly and excellent! I had a Yard ale, then a house IPA, which I really liked. 

Prices were very reasonable and service relatively friendly considering how busy place was. TV's over bar with the game on were perfect. 

This place has been around since 1860! Give it a shot!
Came here after the auto show, although I had to be dragged kicking and screaming after my last visit.  However, to be fair, they managed to upgrade the 'experience' enough to earn another star.

The entire place was packed as usual.  It was early Friday evening and the crowd did die down enough to get a table to grab some food.  I went simple this time and got a corn beef sandwich on rye.  I was satisfied with it after the long day I had.  The pitchers were still cheap and the bar still felt like a shitty frat party.

I still cannot recommend visiting here sober, but if you have a solid buzz on and want to continue the fun on the cheap, it can be considered.
Because I ocassionly work in Center City, I've been searching for the perfect lunch spot within walking distance of City Hall. I really like to try out new places too, but after lunch at McGillin's I could give up my search and make this my regular spot.

My friend Dan and I hit up this spot for lunch after passing on Misconduct Tavern's average beer list. McGillin's is hidden on Drury St, a side street off Juniper. Because of this odd location, and the fact that it was the middle of the day, I expected to walk into a quite little spot. It didn't even really look open for the outside. But inside, it was bustling with business. There were a few tables filled with clear tourists checking out Philadelphia's oldest bar (established 1860), but it was mostly filled with the Philadelphia work force taking a break. 

McGillin's is holding on to the old time mentality, with the decorations and atmosphere, and a collection of servers who look like they're been working here for years. They also offer free soup with every entree, which seems like an old time practice lots in search of increased profits.

When we visited, the soup was turkey vegetable, and it was surprisingly flavorful. We ordered a side of wings. They were fine, but a mistake, considering we both had soup and entrees. Further, the service was so fast that we barely had time to finish the soup, let alone with wings, by the time main course came out. 

Dan chowed down on an average burger, and I went with the German platter. Potatoes and Veggies served up with two types of sausage. It was okay, but my experience on South St raised my expectations. The food was okay, but the prices seemingly made it taste better.

In general, the prices are great here, especially for the location, and that extends to the beer. Pitchers are $9 to $13, depending on what you want. The tap list here is respectable too. We split a pitcher of Ommegang Rare Vos and then moved to Brooklyn's Sorachi Ace. The Sorachi Ace is a crazy hop, and I think that Brooklyn did a nice job making this beer, although I won't order it again. McGillin's also has three house brews from Stoudt's, a brewery I like a lot. These all come in at less than $10 a pitcher and would make for reliable choices anytime.

During the lunch rush, the service also seemed rushed. Also, I must admit I'm turned off by seeing a cook weave his way through the dining room in the middle of lunch with a full bag of garbage. Even if there's no other way, can't it wait until the dining room isn't packed?

Bottom Line: My first experience at McGillin's was definitely positive. It's almost a no brainer for a lunch spot close to City Hall, and the beer list and specials every night make it a good bar in it's own right. This won't be my last time here, and either for beer, food, or simply historical value, this stop is a must.
I really dug this place. Classic old Irish dive bar. Very affordable - $10 pitchers of Yuengling all day, every day. Reasonable pints and food prices as well.

There was some bald, old psychopath dancing around yelling "woo!" next to me, but in my opinion that just added to the character, decor and ambiance of an awesome bar. 

Will be my mainstay when I go to Philly.
This is the oldest continually operated pub in Philadelphia. Nice pub atmosphere with a variety of beer & drink choices. We made it for happy hour so drinks were very cheap. I had a crab cake sandwich that was very tasty but it came with bagged potato chips. The chips were a disappointment. My colleague got the wings & they were sizable & tasty. My beer & crab cake sandwich came to $12.95 so you can't beat the value!
We stumbled on this great Irish pub on our stay in Philly! We showed up about 7:30pm, nice dinner crowd. We ordered a pitcher of ipa for 18$! So awesome! We had the steak dinner for 18.60$ (that's the year the pub opened) and a amazing Chicken Parm. By 9pm the vibe had changed into a fun karaoke bar! It packed out and the people were amazing! We will be back and I highly recommend!
I went into my night with great positivity. I've heard great things about this bar. Fun times, respectable drink prices. What I found was the opposite. I walked upstairs to use the restroom after entering into the premises. After leaving the restroom, I received suspicious looks by two bouncers who asked me why I was waiting near the door. I explained that I was waiting for a friend who then left the bathroom as I was explaining my situation. The bouncers then proceeded to kick me out because I was "talking back." They pushed me down the stairs and out of the building. I still do not know why I was kicked out. I was trying to enter the bar to see my good friends who live in Philadelphia and who had been at the bar for hours prior to my arrival. Instead, I was greeted by ridiculous accusations and an inaccurate portrayal of my true character as an individual. I'm disappointed by the character of hired members at this bar and hope they would be more considerate and reasonable in the future. If not, good luck staying open as the most racist bar in Philadelphia.
The place itself is average, but I had one of the worst experiences - had to step outside for a moment and the security guard did not let me back to grab my bag because "they were closing in 10 minutes"!! How is that even legal to keep someone's items like that? Would not recommend this place to anyone!
