If more places started serving hot dogs, I'd be a happy camper.

Stopped by McGlinchey's to try their hot dogs, as promised. A bartender directed us to sit and someone would help us. We sat, we made conversation, and we interacted with a fun group drinking across from us. A staffer told us she made "a mean hot dog" which made me happy to order two. It was my birthday, so I also got a shot of vodka ($2.85!) which hit me fast. Damn fast - by then, lunch was a distant memory.

Fast forward a few commercial breaks, to us with our hot dogs. Mine was magnificent: sauerkraut, relish, onions, ketchup, mustard, all balanced in a bun, for a mere 75 cents. I scarfed it down, then debated a second shot of vodka. My friend enjoyed her dog.

Instead of an olive branch, McGlinchey's offered a hot dog. They're as unapolegetically divey as ever, and you can still smoke there, but the more you go here, the more it'll rub off on you. Swing by for cheap drinks and even cheaper eats.
this is one of the oldest and cheapest bars in all of philly. you can still buy a pint of lager for $1.85, lean back, enjoy the low-key darkness and know that your parents probably made out here alot back in the day when they were still hot... which is actually quite disturbing... i gotta go.
I think the term "melting pot of the world" needs to be reapplied from NYC to McGlinchey's. 

I was led here by a local, and we pulled up a stool at the huge rectangle bar alongside the motliest crew I've ever seen in one place. The aforementioned "surley bartenders" were busting their asses all night getting everyone drinks, no time for BS. My friend knew them, and got our blood pumping with shots of Potcheen, which I found out after is a 90 proof Irish Moonshine. Hellllloooo Drunktown. 

The best exchange of the night was between the old man bartender and 4 Jersey guys looking for Car Bombs. 

"No bombs," said the bartender. 

"Uhhh, okay, how about jager bombs?" 

"No bombs. Order a drink or get the f*ck out." 

So the genius douchebag said, "Okay, we'll have 4 shots of Baileys, 4 shots of Jameson, and 4 Guinness." 

If looks could kill, I swear. The bartender quickly replied, "Don't insult me, get the f*ck out." 

I left drunk, with a black lung, and a new found appreciation for Philly.
$65 down the tubes at the shit show that is the Erin express and still not drunk? Mc G to the rescue. Didn't even matter that one half of the bartending squad erroneously flagged me as soon as I got there; pot calling the kettle black since said barkeep had difficulty standing, but at least I was never without a half dozen tall boys of ice water because of it. 

Even though I don't smoke, there is something nostalgically pleasing about folks being able to burn cigarettes inside a bar that made me feel right at home in this place, and so did the dirt cheap beer ($2 yuengling bottles). As the stars tell you, yay, I am a fan.
Ohh, Glinch...I can't help but love you. I love you so much I want to take you behind the middle school and get you pregnant. You bring out the inner scuzzball in me, and while I can't say that it's something I need to unleash on a regular basis, it's good to know that when I want to lose a few hours of my life to a cheap whisky buzz and come out smelling like a dirty ashtray, you'll be there for me. 

I love your surly bartenders who make me feel like an asshole for ordering a drink. I relish the fact that they're also usually drunk while they're working. And the patrons - oh, the patrons! Yes, you'll find your garden-variety hipsters, for sure, but you'll also see some folks who look like they belong in the Mutter Museum. Glinch, you're the bar most likely to force me to practically wet my pants on the ride home rather than risk trying to use your bathroom. Unless I get shanked there during my next visit I'll keep you in my heart forever.
I take out-of-town friends here when I'm trying to explain what Philly attitude is all about. Don't even think about trying to cluster around a booth when you can't fit all your friends in. Don't even think about swinging your bar stools around and putting your back to the bartender. Don't even think about breathing, now that this bar is one of the few public smoking bars in the city the smoke cloud has only gotten thicker. 

But if you want a cheap beer (and maybe a hot dog) and you don't mind a little salty service, or just want to pay a visit to one of Philly's classic dives (I like to throw it in as #2 on my  Center City dive tour), this is your place.
Dive is an understatement.  I guess I can see why other people love this place, and everyone pretty much agrees on the dark, smokey, cheap, smelliness of it.  But it just ain't for me.

I came here on a Thursday night with 3 friends, and they wouldn't serve 2 of us at the bar because the other 2 were sitting at the Ms. Pacman table (the only cool thing in the place).  The waitress was kinda rude when she finally took our order.  I chugged my miller lite as fast as possible to get out of there since my eyes were watering from the smoke.  Cheap, yes.  But then again, 75 cent hotdogs kind of skieve me out.
I got carded before I walked into McGlinchey's. Comically, the bouncer actually called to me as I opened the door ("hey, I need to card you!").

This is one of the nastiest dives in Philadelphia I've been to in recent memory. It's dark, crowded, and full of SMOKE. Some illumination is provided by a large, out-of-place, corner TV, it's not pitch black mind you.

The tall, older bartender seems grumpy, which is funny as all hell. He's bartending, after all, not assembling toilet seats! (Not that that's a bad thing.) He/they won't make Irish car bombs ("or bombs of any kind, of any description") which made me sad. Since they don't make shots or accept credit cards (who can blame them, their beer is so CHEAP), I never got around to ordering booze of any kind.

I hold nothing against a place that has policies against making certain kinds of drinks - it's their place, their rules - but I'm not a fan of the smoking allowed there.

As an aside, you can order hot dogs (yes, HOT DOGS, how awesome is that) in the rear (sounds suggestive, doesn't it) for 75 cents a dog, or a kosher one (recommended) for $1.25. A friend swears they're edible, and I believe her, since she ate one a few months ago and is still alive to boast about it. I will return to try a hot dog, but probably not to drink.

Recommended if you like seedy, inexpensive bars. It's not my kind of place, but it may be yours!
I am relatively certain that this place took a couple of years off my life--and I mean that in the most endearing way possible!

A friend and I came here very late at night, when virtually nothing else was open and we hadn't quite satisfied our alcoholic tendencies. Spoiler Alert: this bar is a total dive! Big surprise, I know.

We ordered the cheapest pitcher on the menu. I'm not even sure what we ended up getting, but it was dirt cheap (and also tasted like dirt). Still, it helped us wax nostalgic about our undergraduate days and it was a roaring good time. 

If you enjoy smelling like a brothel, getting totally hammered, and making poor decisions, this is the place for you. Is it wrong that I'm this excited to go back?
Not much to say: it is cheap, dark, and they allow smoking.  A group I was with sat at a booth and someone cut their leg on an exposed screw coming out of the red vinyl leather sideboard.

McGlinchy's is one of those by-gone era dive bars where things aren't pleasant and sometimes a bit dangerous.  Some people like this, but it's not for me.

UPDATE: I just went in here the other day and because the door was open, the smoke cleared out pretty well.  Our server was drunk and sat down at our table for a moment to rest her legs.  Then got up and left.
I already covered the crust, the rust, the occasional bouts of surliness, and the tepid stench radiating from their bathroom. and I could always do without the smoke and just hot dogs. But regardless there's just something about McGlinchey's character that always has me coming back for more. So although I fully acknowledge the extra long laundry list of flaws that will have you needing a cold shower immediately afterwards, I also can't help but give it a five for many reasons.

Bottom line is that McGlinchey's is cheap and easy, just like Aaron's Sister* (Someone had to turn the tables away from Jim's sister for a moment). and that fact can make it an epic spot for people watching, especially when there's a game on. It easily has the most eclectic crowd I've ever experienced no matter what the occasion. and side luxuries like one of the best Jukeboxes in Philly, table top Mrs. Pacman, and the cheapest price in town for giant bottles of Rogue can help make the crustiness a little more tolerable. And although it can often be hard to make out on the chalk boards, the beer selection they have is pretty phenomenal.

So while Jamie C. review of the Glinch is one very true extreme, there's another side to it. Both extremes may collide frequently throughout the evening, but if anything it add onto the all around story. And what I said about the servers previously still holds true.

*After actually meeting Aaron's sister I can attest to her being amazing (and somehow they're related. I kid, I kid.). And that's why the review mention is only in good fun.
It doesn't honor the smoking ban which may be horrible depending on your opinion. The servers may be crude and surly with you on any given night which can really suck. the fact that it's only menu items are hot dog related can be disturbing. and it may very well house the worst toilet in all of Philadelphia.
however, there is no bar out there that gives you a bottle of Chimay for so cheap ($4.95!), and a bottle of Lager goes for under $2. there is also a diverse amount of people that you will find yourself coming across on any given night. and most importanty, you can play Ms. Pacman while listening to one of the best bar jukeboxes in all of Philadelphia.
But before you fully dismiss these servers as being fully horrible people, put yourself in their position. they just served 100+ people bar alcohol at its cheapest price  in the entire city for an entire night. how would you be acting by the end?
McGlinchey's is the type of dive bar you seen in a movie and think to yourself "I really wish I could be there right now". It's dark, smokey, has a big round bar, and an extremely diverse crowd. You walk in and immediately feel like you've been there before, which can either be comforting or played-out depending on your opinion. 

There are several reasons why I dig this place:
1. The beer is super cheap. You can get  a 12oz bottle of Chimay Grande Reserve for $5 (hell yeah :D), and I believe that Miller High Lifes are only like $2. 
2. It's one of the only bars, if not the only one, that has given a big "fuck you" to the smoking ban. It's nice for smokers, but it can get a bit intense on the weekends. I've walked out of there with teary eyes from the smoke but hey, i'll take red eyes for the privilege to smoke and drink in the same area.
3. THE MS. PACMAN TABLE. Seriously, how much better can it get? My best friends and I love having tournaments while getting shitty. It's the BEST.

Now, for the bad. As much as I like this place, I was seriously tempted to give it 3 stars because 90% of the staff is mean, rude, and slow. Seriously, I've never wanted to slap a restaurant employee more than I have there and that's saying a lot because I've worked and grown up in the restaurant industry my whole life. I had an incident there last weekend when I went up to get a round of drinks for my friends and I and this is what happened when I asked the bartender for them:
Me - I'd like two Chimay's and a Boddington's please
Bartender - Are you sitting at the bar?
Me - No, we're at the Pacman table
Bartender - Then you can wait for the server to take your order
Me - What the hell, are you serious?
Bartender - Yup
Me - You realize you're losing money on this because I would tip you, right? (but he didnt hear this because he was already walking away)

Oh, and just in case your curious, it was the tall and old bartender. Avoid him like the plague.

Despite that, I keep coming back to the place because it really is just the epitome of what you could ask for in a Dive. Asshole employees and all.
I love this place.  CHEAP!  The food is great too!  Nice and greasy.
I had thought Philly banned smoking from food establishments but this place is one of the few that does not honor it.  I love that seedy dive bar feel and atmosphere!  I seriously do like this place!!!
If you want friendly chatter and an atmosphere.  Don't come here.  You are coming to a "dive" bar.  Come with that in mind and you are GOLDEN!
I think this is my favorite DIVE bar nationwide!!!

I gave it one less star only because I end up feeling sick afterwards!  Drunk and full with grease!   So I guess I should give them that star back?  Hmmm...I will come back to update my rating.  Maybe they will get that star! muhahahaha
Decent Dump Brutal Bathroom

Not much to report here.  The place is truly a dump.  However; cheap decent bar food, super cheap beers, and very dark.  Everything you want in a dive bar.  It fits the bill.  If your looking to go out and get drunk on the cheap, you've found your place.  

Tip:  Cash Only and the bathrooms are horrific.  

I am a fan, but what do I know.  I'm a little crazy.  

Thanks
Total dump complete with miserable, lazy, assholish employees. This place COULD be a charming, gruff throwback, but they CHOOSE to be nasty, unfriendly and unwelcoming to people who aren't their local dirtbag customers. 
Prices aren't even that cheap anymore and the smoke is overwhelming to non-smokers ... Bathrooms are a complete disgrace ... Do NOT eat the hotdogs (the only 'food' they serve) or over tip. As a matter of fact, if you're a halfway decent person, stay out of McGlinchey's and go to McGillin's. You've been warned.
Absolutely awful bar. Walked in, sat at the bar for about 20 minutes (tipped the bartenders well on a Friday night, by the way. Even though we should have gotten a hint from the empty bar that it wasn't a good idea to stay.) bartenders were rude, telling us to "be patient" although they asked us what our orders were in the first place.. But I guess apparently we ordered too much and gave them too much business. Moved to a booth, which was small and dirty. No server approached us, so me and my group continued to order from the bar. A friend of mine ordered from the bar, and was told to "ask your server for drinks". Friend then said "oh I'm sorry, who is the server?" Bartender than bantered, "if you don't like it you can get out". Again, friend said "I'm so sorry I didn't mean it that way.. I was just wondering who our server was because we weren't approached by anyone".. And then the bartender replies "Shut the fuck up. You are gone. Get out." The bartender also said "What are you in first grade? Get the fuck out of this bar." Then we proceeded to get up, leave, and then friend who was insulted and cursed at realized she left her phone at the table.. And the bar would not let any of us return in the bar to retrieve her phone. Unfortunately, we got into an argument with a security guard who another worker said was a manager (which later we found out was a security guard) and he claimed that we were drunk and disorderly.. When we were speaking calmly and just asking to check the table for the phone, not even commenting on the awful situation that had occurred minutes before. All we wanted was her phone, but it took us 15 more minutes of arguing to let us retrieve it from the table. Eventually, we had found the missing phone and proceeded to tell the security guard that the way that this was handled was awful and we would continue to relay this story to other people. At this point we had enough, and left the bar. This bar only likes people like them, they profile you as soon as you walk in the door. It was a completely awful experience and I'm sorry to say that I will never go there again and will make sure to have everyone I know avoid that horrible, ash tray smelling place. Doesn't even deserve the 1 star, no stars for this place. We are tipping well, paying you for your alcohol in an empty bar where you're not making much money anyway because it's empty on a Friday night.. But the bartenders and "servers" are miserable and obviously would rather not do their job the way they are supposed too. You make you're money from tips, act like you deserve it. Made the wrong decision going into this bar, completely ruined our night of fun and dancing, all we wanted was to relax and have a nice conversation. Stay far away! Save yourself the rudeness. Cool prices though, gotta say that. Cheap beer isn't worth anything though if the service is awful. Get it together.
I wanted to make the 100th a good one, and I cannot believe that I have never review the glinch. I can only try to do it justice through the hazy gaze of my sly fox soaked brain. 

Most of my friends have always been older than me, and if you have read any of my previous reviews, you know that I started frequenting some of the grosser bars in Philadelphia when I was just a baby (Actually! see reivew for Pub & Kitchen). However, McGlincheys was where I really learned how to drink.

I used to come here after work at 6 and stay until last call at 2 am, never spending more than 20 dollars on all the lager and hot dogs my stomach could handle. I loved the dirty boys, the mean waitresses, the smoke, and of course, the jukebox. I loved the feeling of getting away with something that obviously I shouldn't be doing. I loved it all. 

We always had the same waitress, Bernadette, who is no longer with the team. She was mean and crazy, but we loved her. I mean, she brought us lager and hot dogs, and cleared our ashtrays after just about each butt went out. We never put up a fuss, so she was always civil to us, although I have seen some crazy action from the waitresses there.

Which brings me to the next reason that I love McGlinchey's. For me, it is a family institution. My 96 year old Grandmother used to come here for drinks when she was teaching at UArts (PCA when she was teaching) with my grandfather and their friends (she says it wasn't as divey or smokey back then, I say Embrace it, Grandma). My parents used to come here when they were young advertisers living at the Sprucemont (based on my parents stories, apparently the glinch is a little more tame now than it was in the early to mid 80s, but then again what isn't?). I used to drink here underage, play radiohead song after radiohead song on the jukebox and long to be the girlfriend of one of the smelly, bearded boys at the bar with calf tattoos and ratty messenger bags. AND NOW, for the shiny glory of the Fox/Weiner family, my sister works here. That's right folks, A Fox at the Glinch. 

Last night when I brought two buddies from the burbs here (one is moving out west and wants to hit all of the Philly landmarks), my sister waited on us. And we could smoke. And radiohead was on the jukebox. 

I was wearing a new KJL tiger crystal bracelet, and I felt like a lady, so I refrained from eating a hot dog. And instead of yuengling, we were drinking sly fox because now we are adults. And sometimes adults go out on school nights and drink too much beer and smoke too many cigarettes and listen to too much radiohead. But aside from being able to eat dessert for dinner, that's really the best part about growing up, isn't it?

TTFN.
I used to really like coming here. Cheap ass beer. Decent jukebox. Horrendous service. I like the older gentlemen behind the bar. He has always been great.

The last couple of times, I have just wanted to leave. It stinks horribly and I guess I am growing up, but I'd rather have good service in a cheap bar than bad service. Sorry.

It's not even that cheap anymore...
I've been here twice.  I don't think I'll make it a third.

The first time didn't seem too bad.  I wasn't impressed at all, but I also didn't hate it.  It was just a place to drink, so whatever.

But then I went back, and it was terrible.  First of all, they are not following the "no smoking" LAW.  If you're a smoker that might be good for you, but it definitely sucks for me.  Second, the waitress sucked.  After ordering our beers we asked for a menu (it was after 8:00 and none of us had eaten dinner).  She slammed down one of our beers, mumbled "hot dog, hot sausage, chili.  THAT'S my menu" and stormed off.  Guess what?  Some people can pull of the "jerky server adding to the bar atmosphere" thing.  Unfortunately, this person was just unpleasant, not quirky.  It was awful.  We drank our beers and promptly left for a much better bar across the street, Good Dog.  Skip this bar and go there.
I walked into McGlinchey's with my friend and asked the bartender, a thin blonde woman, for two beers. The bartender said "do you have a spot at the bar?" I replied with no, because every spot was taken. She then gave me a dirty look and said "I'm not serving you until you find a spot. So you'll have to wait until somebody leaves" I did not know that, on a Saturday night, you must have a seat at the bar to be treated like a human being. I will never be back to this place. P.S......it's an absolute dump inside. the 30 seconds I spent in there I left smelling like an ashtray.
Hot dogs for a buck
London Calling on the juke
Mug rings on the bar

You never plan on McGlinchey's happening; that sort of thing just comes along all on its own. It's the kind of place you can chill on a few beers and get a little raucous with friends and you're out of pocket expense will be under $15, even with a few hot dogs. 

You can still smoke inside, and it's a pretty safe bet that the rag they use to wipe down the tables are sitting in the same water as they were the last time you were there. The bathrooms; yeah they're gross, even for a dude's standards. Suffice it to say I wouldn't go in there in sandals. Or sober.

Overall though I've never had a truly bad experience at McGlinchey's. The beer is always cheap, and the bartenders are friendly in general. The bar is a nice atmosphere to meet people, as it takes up the whole middle of the room and you're staring across at someone else most of the time. The jukebox is pretty eclectic, but the music is never obnoxiously loud.

If it's a few days before payday and you're still on a night out with friends, don't plan on going to McGlinchey's. You'll end up there anyway when your cash is low and you don't want to head home.
immoral, unsavory, disreputable; informal shady, sleazoid.  seedy, seamy, sordid, insalubrious, mean, cheap, low-class, run-down; informal scruffy, scuzzy, skeevy, crummy, skanky, flea-bitten. squalid seedy, insalubrious, squalid, sleazy, down-at-the-heel(s), shabby, dilapidated; informal scruffy, skanky, skeevy.
....but the beer is cheap, selection is decent....and no one seems to bother you much.
.....and oh yea.....the bathrooms...................
If you want a true dive, this is what you're looking for. Don't mistake the high average rating for quality, it's an old school dirty place where the beer is cheap and the smoke is thick. The bathrooms make you want to go home and take a shower in bleach. But it's a nice holdout against the upward climb of center city prices.
After a serious case of jet lag I finally ventured out into the big bad world and hopped on a bus into Philly. 

I was told about this place by a fellow irish person in another bar. And after being to four irish bars since I've been here, this was the fifth and defo the most authentic. 

It was small, dark, smokey (though smoking is now banned back home) and the music was sweet. I don't smoke myself but there's something about a smokey bar that just feels right.

The guy behind the bar whos name I forget was too cool, chatting about Philly, philosophy (to which I just smiled and nodded) and other weird stuff.

Beer was cheap as hell and I got to enjoy it while listening to Creedence and Soundgarden.

Honestly, what more do you want.

Bathroom is fine. Compared to back home it was sparkling. In fact I think that whole dirty bathroom thing is just for show. You won't die people, it's just a bathroom.
All I gotta say about the Glinch is this. $1.65 windowpane mugs of Yuengling Porter, 75 cent hot dogs, miserable old bitches waiting on you, tabletop Ms Pacman. It's the last great bastion of humanity in the depressing artifice of Center City Philadelphia.
I have experienced better, for sure. I went here with my pal Todd after the Phillies won the series last night. The place was packed, but the line moved along quickly, probably because the place was packed.

Here's the bar setup: it's an ovular bar with seating all around it, with some booths on the sides. Even though Philly's smoke-free, you can still smoke inside here, which was great at the time but because of the amount of smokers, my coat now smells like an ashtray.

There are I think two or three bartenders working the place. The one that "took care of us" definitely had an attitude, which is GREAT except she definitely didn't pay us any attention whatsoever.

The patrons all seemed pretty cool. It was a very mixed crowd, although mostly younger types were drinking here. Oh, speaking of the drinks--the Boddingtons on tap was just awful! And the speaker system definitely wasn't loud enough to hear any of the music off the Juke. Sad times, sad times.

I bet the place is a lot better when it's not packed, but despite the cheap drinks and the friendly atmosphere, last night's experience really wasn't great enough to make me want to go back. But that's what second chances are for.
This place is a Tom Wait's song. "And you can't find your waitress with a Geiger counter / And she hates you and your friends and you just can't get served without her / And the box-office is drooling, and the bar stools are on fire..."

I'm not even kidding. The waitresses hate you, the drinks are dirt cheap (and might have dirt in them), the bathrooms look like twenty skater kids were handed sharpee's and a sheet of acid and told to go nuts, the hot dogs percolate in a bin of filthy water that looks like it was imported from the Hudson river, and the jukebox is full of excellent music to sing to when you want to punch somebody in the face.

If this is your idea of a good time, you will love it.
Like Oscars, some very surly waitresses and lots of smokers.  Is this charming?  One thing McG's has going for it is a good beer selection, cheap.  That is the only thing.  And the chili dogs.  I will never go here again.
Great, GREAT dive bar.

Dark as hell?  Check.

Bartenders with a sense of humor?  Check.

Smokier than a barbecue pit?  Check.

Questionable characters?  Check.

Fascinating conversations with said characters?  Check.

Hey, what can possibly go wrong with you wind up meeting two lesbians who decide they're adopting you for the night and are coming to each and every bar with you from then on?

(pssst: the answer is "a lot", actually, but that's a story for another time...
I've been here a few times...apparently, it's where all the Borders employees used to hang (and maybe still do?), so I was talked into going a few times.. This place is downright DEPRESSING..seriously, it makes me want to cut myself!
This is the first bar I ever drank at in Philadelphia back when I was 18, probably because it was the only bar that accepted my shoddy fake id that I made with Paintshop.

Our waitress that cold rainy night was a tattooed chick wearing a Kowalskis t-shirt. She might have been in the band, I don't know.   Almost ten years later, I wonder what ever happened to that nice waitress who, with great friendliness, served a blatantly underage party of three.
This place used to be a favorite of my friends and I when we'd come in to town and I was happy to bring them to one of my favorite places before I moved out of the city. However, the last two times we stopped by whoever the clown shoes "bouncer" and bitchy gal sitting at the door think they are is beyond me. Turn away a party of 7 because why? Uh, the Sperry's I was wearing? Philly Union hat maybe? Too much attitude for a place that used to be pretty cool and had every type of character you could imagine under one roof. Now pretty much just full of jokers desperately trying to get hooked on their rep of being rude like it's kitsch. Save yourself the trouble and go to Good Dog up the street...billion times better and way better folks running the show.
Went there on Friday after work around 9 PM on 11/8/2018, place wasn't too packed. Sat in the front to the right as soon as you walk in. I knew it was a smoking bar since i had been to the upstairs of this establishment before through a separate entrance. I took out my pack of cigs, placed it on the counter, a dude next to me with his girlfriend asked me for one, so i said cool help yourself. About 3-4 mins in i notice the female bartenders across the bar keep looking back and forth at me, but nobody was even coming near me. Enter black bouncer (cool guy) says "they said you have to leave" i asked why? and he said "i know you didn't do anything but she said you have to leave." I said okay and left. 

Make up your own conclusion!!!
my home chicago has more than it's fair share of true dives, but i wish somebody would put mcglinchey's on a flatbed truck and transport it to my neighborhood.
You're not paying for smiles here, that's for sure.

Great for a night out with a bunch of frugal friends - and although I've never had one of the fabled 75 cent dogs, It makes me glad to know you can get them at Glinch.
I was looking for an awesome dive bar to grab a drink before a concert in Philly. I found this place by browsing through Yelp, and I must say - it was better than I could have asked for. The diveyest of dives. 

First off, my boyfriend and I were both able to submit to our devices here. He is a smoker, I am a drinker. Somehow, in this age of no smoking basically everywhere, McGlinchey's still allows smoking.

They have a good selection of draught beers for a reasonable prices. The gross bathrooms are super gross and have no locks? I apologize to the gentleman who walked in on me while I was doing my business. At least they have paper towels now, and no more communal towel!

We had a blast here. Word to the wise: cash only.
I don't think the smoking ban has been nice to the Glinch.  I actually got a seat at the bar on a Saturday night.  My bag got a seat too, all to itself.  It is a bar meant for chain-smoking.

What does one say about the Glinch? The staff are the saltiest bunch of sea dogs I've ever had the dubious privelege to have 'wait' on me.  They throw your change at you like they hate you,  which they probably do.  I wouldn't drink the draft beer even if I was trying to kill myself. The bar has been there so many years that they wrote the grandfather clause, yet I don't think they've ever cleaned their draft lines.  The bathroom gets my vote, hands down, for the worst bathroom in Philly.  I'm fairly sure their whiskey is watered down because I don't think you can buy it retail for what they sell it for by the shot (and it tastes like a*&).

All of that said, where else are you going to get a Chimay Blue (in the bottle of course) for $4.95?  Oh and they have Ms. Pacman. Pack! Pack! Pack!
Rude and nasty. 

I LOVE a great dive bar, but take a walk down to Bob and Barbara's for a great time.  Avoid this place at all costs!
It's dirty, smelly, and the bathrooms are disgusting.  But something keeps enticing me to return to McGlinchey's.  The prices are good, especially for the area, and selection isn't bad either.  I wouldn't eat anything here, but it's a great place to swing by and grab a pitcher, or a cheap glass of Maredsous, which always seems to be on draft.

You can smoke inside here.  The one thing I love is the fact that everyone can be found within the doors of McGlinchey's, no one's an outsider.
Waiter grunted at me when I asked what the specials were.  There's divey (which I love) and then there's depressing.  This place is depressing.  Looking around the room all you see is sad sacks trying to forget their problems and honestly, that's not what I want to be around during happy hour.  And If you aren't a smoker or oddly fond of second hand smoke, probably not the place for you (or me).

Note: Recently downgraded this place to a 1 star.  I realized I have 50+ reviews and only two 1 star places.  This place is as bad as it gets for me... so congrats - 1 star.
Came here on St. Patty's  - loved the little old man that was coming around cleaning up and also passing out some party favors. It's a total dive bar this place, but that's what I love the most about it. No pretentious attitudes, just people drinking and having some fun! The only down side to this place was that it was St. {Patty's weekend in Philly and they had one girl working the bar. She was slammed! Finally, a second bartender came, but she seemed to be taking care of all of the tables. These poor women were just slammed with customers and I really felt bad for them! They each needed drinks! lol Regardless, I enjoyed this place and would def. come back. Love dive bars with an old school feel like this one!
Dive bar par excellence. Cheap cheap cheap pitchers of beer. A Philadelphia institution beloved by starving artists from out of town who just want to get plowed without spending their last dollar.
If you do not smoke or frequent real dive bars and have an open heart...stay away. Nobody wants you here. If you want real classic diviness...this is your place. You know if you like this kind of place or not. Don't bitch if you dont understand this environment
Beers by Dave, Marie, Brigid, Jo-Ann, Roxy Dave, and Sammy by night .. Beers by Alia by day.. Are always super awesome,, 

Tip them well or suffer their fury!'
Place is filthy and not very welcoming. Will not be returning here for sure. Take your talents somewhere across the street but deff skip this joint
I have to throw a five star rating at this place in hopes that its legend goes on forever. I would be concerned that the low ratings would deter people from stopping in, and then I realized it's not really the sort of place you just happen upon... you must be invited into the embrace. 

There is no possibility you will leave here without reaking of smoke. But you won't really mind, because with how cheap their drinks are, you won't even remember how to smell things when you leave. 

My new favorite thing about McGlinchey's is the sign for free wifi. Has anyone actually ever brought their computer here? 

I LOVE THE SERVERS. 

I love the cheap beer. I love scouring the bathroom wall graffiti. I love smoking cigarettes and screaming across the booth about war tactics, Heart, or whether the slumped over girl in the corner is drinking alone or waiting for someone to arrive, only to find out it is secret option C: she's waiting for her shift to start. OF COURSE. Must properly lubricate the senses pre-shift at Glinch. 

Where was I? Oh. Who cares. This place is so beyond authentic and trashy chic. I loves it. If you also loves it, we should grab a drink sometime. And ponder the mystery of the McGlinchey's hot dog.
this is one of those bars that makes me thankful that philly decided to enact the ban on smoking in bars. its small and dark. the bar's an island in the middle with seating around the sides and a table top pac-man in the front (oh how i love the table top pac-man). prices were ok, considering its a typical dive-ish bar in center-city. it was a little too crowded for me, but if you're the type that doesn't mind weaving around to avoid people walking by while you're holding your drink, its not too bad of a place. and the crowd is a pretty friendly one at that.
The most memorable bad service I've ever received in the city of Philadelphia was courtesy of the barmaid at dirty dingy McGlinchey's. She treated our group of six like we weren't worth her time. Despite being a modest drinker and a non-smoker, I do eat well and tip accordingly well (if deserved). However, the next time a matron is going to walk away from my group of six in the middle of our order because she can't be bothered to listen to a request, then I will walk out the door. The only reason I only came here was because McGlinchey's appeared to be the only one of five bars on the block that wasn't standing room only. The only reason they had ample seating is because they don't give a damn who you are, how you like your meal and beverage, or how long you want to stay. They will act busy enough to ignore anyone. They weren't truly as busy as any other bar, but because the owner thought one cook and one hostess was sufficient service on a phillies playoff night, service was unapologetically atrocious. 

My friends and I wanted to try a heavy Belgian brew, and we are all conscious of passing germs or meningitis amongst each other, so we asked for the expensive, unknown, heavy brew and five empty glasses so that we could divy it up ourselves (since she was obviously too busy to act like an actual bartender). This was our second, sampler "round," to be followed by another round of something standard for each of us. She was a real stickler about our method of orders, it was as if we had insulted her by asking her for something other than a refill. She said, can't you tell I'm a little busy here? Then brought out the five glasses in a huff and didn't stick around for the rest of our drink order. We couldn't have asked her any more nicely. A bottle and five glasses doesn't take much time, it is free money for a bartender in between rounds. 

Who knows, if we had liked it at all or the service which had been provided, we might have even given her more business and more tip. I have been to several bars with efficient waitstaff who look forward to working alone so that they can double their share of tips. However, this bartender could not hold down the fort so well because her attitude was unconscionable. 

And what kind of restaurant in Pennsylvania still allows smoking?

This place is once and done. The hot food was substandard and could not tempt me to come back again. I'd think twice before stepping into this hazardous hellhole.  You've been warned.
Our waitress loved us and carefully tread the line between surly and fun. We loved her right back. The beer was cheap but good (she recommended the Weyerbacher on draft to me and half an hour later I was buzzed). It was smoky, but not as much as anticipated (this coming from a complete non-smoker). The bathrooms were passably bad but at least I didn't fall in.

I wouldn't bring a date here, I probably won't order the hot dogs unless I drink too many Weyerbachers, and I wouldn't bother trying to squeeze in on the weekends. But for a rowdy night with the girls, or for more awkward come-ons at the jukebox, I'm in.
Cute little dive bar. I've had good experiences here. 

But I won't be coming back any more. Simply, put too many shockingly bad bartenders. Not all are bad, but there's definitely a trend at this place. 

Avoid.
I love this bar.  It's kinda gross inside and the waitstaff is really rude, but I like it.
I think there should be a difference between a dive bar and a new circle of hell. After attempting to go to Jose Pistola's (a friend suggested it) and realizing there was not enough room for me and my boyfriend let alone the estimated 5 other people joining us later in the evening, we went exploring.  Next to Jose Pistola's there is a bar called Top's. I didn't think it looked interesting but just for the fun of it I decided to open the door. Upon entering the hallway with stairs leading up to the actual bar I felt a sense of doom. This is the same sense of doom most protagonists in horror movies probably feel before they first meet the serial killer. After smelling the smoke of 10,000 ashtrays and realizing the bar was eerily silent, I told my boyfriend that I was too scared to even go up the stairs. We left and headed to Good Dog bar to meet up with our friends. After meeting at Good Dog and realizing that there was the same space issue there, one of my friends suggested that we try McGlinchey's. Clearly my friend had never been there. 

We enter McGlinchey's and are met with a scene out of a horror movie. From the smoke to the trashy people dancing to the jukebox, this is the scariest dive bar that all of us have ever encountered. There is a door to the side that apparently is missing a handle. We found this out of course when a slim visibly intoxicated blonde woman started trying to open it with a butcher knife. She comes over to our table and starts mumbling some incoherent babble to us while casually swinging a butcher knife around. She is not our waitress, but an actual bartender at this establishment. Instead of leaving the Jeffrey Dahmer bar and grill, we stay. Someone in our group has went to the bar to get a couple drinks and after sitting there for around 10 minutes, our waitress finally comes over. 

Our waitress is probably what Adele would look like if Adele got a septum piercing, had 4 kids, and was in a chronic emo-metal stage circa 2004. Not only was she RUDE, bumping into me and one of our group when we enter without even an apology, but she has a very terrible attitude.  After she comes over, she tells us that if we are sitting then we need to order our drinks from her. She asks where our friend who was ordering drinks at the bar went and then leaves in a hurry to track him down. We get our drinks which are basically just soda and tonic water and quickly drink them just so we can leave. 

We later find out that the Top's bar is RELATED to McGlinchey's. Basically, McGlinchey's is a really good place to go if you want to hang out with the white trash population of Philadelphia and possibly wake up in the morning without a kidney.
Another old local haunt.Between Mcglinchey's and Dirty Franks, I emptied a good majority of my money. Mc glinchey's, back in the days of yore was headed by Fergy the bar tender. He was a great guy. What wild nights! 

There was a stipulation when the bar was passed down from father to son that the price of beer would never surpass a certain percentage of the actual cost of beer. 90 cent pints of Guinness were all the rage ......Have fun even though I heard that fergy has moved on.
this bar does not fuck around.  you go to mcglinchey's to DRINK.  if you want ambience and peach infused vodka, the bartenders will spit on you and tell you to go somewhere else.  okay, maybe they won't spit on you, but they won't exactly kiss your ass.  here's an example of the patron-bartender banter:

me: (smiling a little too widely)i really like your tattoos!
bartender: (lets out a disgusted grunt and walks away)
my friend, alex: god.  she was such a bitch.
me: really?  you think so?  i think i'm in love with her.

that said, mcglinchey's is my all-time favorite bar.
Those who don't like McGlinchey's are either non smokers or sticks in the mud who just shouldn't be going there to begin with. Leave, get out, go home. We don't want you there anyway ! Oh, yeah. Peace and love to you. 

McGlinchey's, ye ole lass. Never close down. Here
's to you.
I've heard it's the only drinking establishment left in Philly with a smoking license!
So, yeah:  if you don't smoke and/or get annoyed by smoke -- you are heartily encouraged to enjoy EVERY SINGLE OTHER BAR & RESTAURANT in the city.  

We went on a rainy Friday, and were told it was a 'slow night'.  Nevertheless, most of the seats at the bar were taken and the jukebox was serving up an awesome mix all night long.  I did not dance in front of said jukebox, but I was sorely tempted.  I happened to know one of the bartenders, so our service from her was awesome -- but she certainly seemed incredibly attentive to everyone else at the bar even as she chatted with us.

We got hotdogs and chips.  They were tasty.  The waitress who served them, however, had a terminal 'I smelled a turd' look on her face.  Walking those hot dogs across the room, getting tips from extra customers . . . it obviously pained her.

Happily, between the cheap drinks, good music, and good company, I couldn't care less if the waitress is having a bad day.
it's mcglinchey's.

i go here for a beer or three, to hang out by myself, and to avoid having to speak to folks.

for all of those things? yeah, damn right i dig mcglinchey's.
Well, well, well.  My old grad school haunt circa 2002-2004.  I've downed many a cheap pitcher of Yuengling Porter here.  Because I couldn't afford anything else.  Oh, how we tried to tempt people into trying the mysterious McGlinchey's hot dogs.  (The only food they serve?)  The wrecked booths and the most horrible bathroom in Philadelphia.  (Thank god I never had to go number 2).  And the lovely sit down Pac Man machine with cigarette burns on it.  Actually, for a complete dive they have a fair beer selection, an eclectic crowd and it's the cheapest bar in Center City.  I'd still be hanging out there all the time if they didn't allow smoking...  (Yeah, sorry.  I just can't stand it.)
i would NEVER have gone to this bar except i was visiting philly and the locals were showing me around. they really liked this place and took me there and i HATED it. 

now, i should continue first by saying that i can hang with a dive bar. i don't need fancy decor and overpriced cocktails to have a good time. but this place is dive bar x10. apparently you can't smoke in philly bars but you can at this place. and i know i'm a cali snob who hasn't had to deal with smoke in bars for 10 years but hell, this place is like a smoking car on a train. it's not like some people go there and smoke. it's like EVERYONE there is smoking. and i'm sorry but i don't like a smoke-FILLED room. sure the drinks are dirt ass cheap which is awesome but the waitresses are rude and you basically have to be a regular who abides but the unwritten "rules" of the bar or you're service going to suck ass. 

i'd never return to this bar unless forced to. it's just NOT my cup of tea.
I find it funny that it's called McGlinchey's Bar and Grill.  If you were new to the place and decided to go to McGlinchey's for a "bar and grill", you'd be surprised on what you've stumbled upon.  Basically, the only thing you're getting to eat are hot dogs.  75 cent hot dogs.  You'll find every type of person here, more so on the freak show side of things.  You'll also develop coal miner's lung if you stay too long and everything is cheap.  All of the drink prices are odd, so you're going to end up with a shit-ton of change.  This is fine because everything is super cheap regardless, but having so much change in my pocket is sorta like a dinner bell to all the transients lurking around the alleys when I stroll by.  There are two floors and you get to them through different front doors and the pool table is upstairs.  Also, if you're a portly fellow, you're going to have a tough time with the urinal on the first floor.  If this place actually qualifies as a "Bar and Grill", consider it my favorite "Bar and Grill".  Now I need a shower.
Here's one more place that could go either way. If you get a table you should be psyched and if your lucky enough to get the big corner table you should memorialize the occasion in some way. Needless to say it gets uber crowded. The drinks are cheep, but they used to be cheeper and for some reason the prices aren't even i.e. 2.10 for a lager so bring some change. Bar and "grill" doesn't really cover it...they serve hotdogs, if your veggie you can get a bun with onions and condiments for a quater, not the best drunk food but if you need something to soak up the well whiskey it works.  Chances are your going to see someone you know and more then likely someone you don't want to see. They do have a table top Ms. Packman, but you have to go there knowing that the staff is probably going to be rude to you...except for bernadette.
When i was twenty one, I pretty much came to McGlinchey's once a week, to drink shots of Jamison and and cheep beer, smoke too much and listen to music and the conversations of those around me. people watch and plan to take over the world. 
McGlinchey's is the realization of every Bukowski novel Ive ever read. 
"the days go over the hills like wild horses" and I can't take the smoke as well, and the bathroom skeeves me a little more than it used to, but i still return for all the reasons stated in other reviews, just maybe every 6 months now. 
Side note; i was excited to use the lots o songs for lots o money juke box. i went up with a five, some cute girl came up and said" that's alot of tun edge Sir" Wow i felt old, but she was right.
expertly constructed dive bar. 

if thats your thing go for it, but I make a point to avoid it.


p.s. the tables are poorly designed with diagonal metal struts that attach them to the wall, no fun for the tall people knees
I think about a lot of weird things and I guess this is one of them; when I die, McGlinchey's is the place I want people to congregate after the funeral. It's dark, smoky, surly, cheap and depressing, not much different from how I live my life. It's perfect.
Cheap beers, smoking allowed, and Mrs Packman table. Hell yea. Spent a solid few hours in McGlinchey's on Saturday night with some friends and went through a few packs of smokes, $15.00 in change on Mrs Pack man, and 100 beers for about 20 bucks. Good times
Visiting from NYC, my boyfriend & best friend and I were looking for a bar you could still smoke in.  Specifically a divey bar you could smoke in.   

Thanks, Yelp!

It was all of these things, and had really cheep booze also!  We didn't stay all night, but the time we spent there was very well spent.  Our waitress was very pleasant and attentive.  The older gentleman behind the bar kept making us jump (and laugh) every time it sounded like he flung a glass - it sounded like a lot of glasses were broken in the time we were there. 

It's divey and dirty and I did not visit the restroom (luckily, from what I read!) but it was exactly what we needed.
Where can I study midday while sipping on a $2.35 porter with an episode of COPS playing quietly in the background? Or, what if I want a hot dog at midnight but don't want to leave the bar? I can get one for 75 cents. This place makes me feel dirty (hot dogs? COPS?), but also not care.  

The jukebox is my favorite (so far) in Philadelphia--I've only lived here 6 months, so I need to do more research.  But McGlinchey's reminds me of my beloved Chicago dive bars that I miss so much. No pretense, just a relaxing, smokey hang out.  And every time I come alone, I always manage to meet an interesting character or two.

Why 4 stars? I manage to get the same waitress almost every time I'm there and no matter how nice I am or how well I tip she always takes forever and acts like I'm ruining her life somehow.  I've kind of just given up and embraced it.
Foolio, you ain't no grill.  Quit frontin.

McGlinchey's is a great place to break up with all of your tomorrows.

Thank God there's at least one bar in this town with a real live jukebox too.
I was in Philly for no more than 36 hours recently, with a lot of sitting around to do.  I'm not much of a sightseer, so none of that stuff appealed to me (I've heard there's a bell or something), I was just looking for a comfortable bar where I could drink for cheap and not be judged for day-drinking alone.

I really struck gold with this place.  There are few bars like these left anymore, at least in major cities.  Good music, good clientele, good selection of drinks for good prices, and thank fuck for any bar you can still smoke in.  The bathroom is hilariously grim, seems to be a running joke among the regulars.  Fine for pissing, but I imagine the situation would become altogether bleaker should you (or anybody else) be occupying the open-plan stall/urinal for browner reasons.

The bartender Nina was lovely, had a nice chat with her about John Waters (who apparently used to frequent the place).  I live in Los Angeles and am never able to get that kind of conversation in the bars here, so go figure.  Everyone was friendly and talkative, perfect for a lone stumblebum like myself.  Ignore all the negative reviews on here, they seem to have been expecting something else entirely.  I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Philly.
I can't believe I found this place! We first went in on a sunday afternoon.  Bridget (?) was really friendly, and never left us with an empty glass. I still can't get over the $3 jamesons.........beautiful. i love me a cheap bar i can smoke in. We'll definitely be back!!
I've been in here twice, on both the first floor and the hidden 2nd floor that has it's own door on the street.  So I guess I have gotten the full Philly dive experience and don't need to go back.  Hopefully.  

Downstairs has a really nice layout and the bartenders I met were more pleasant than I was lead to believe would be the case. I was in there during a beer week event so maybe they were being extra nice.  They have tons of specials, even on good beers like Franziskaner.  Smokey as all hell though, 45 minutes was about all I could take.

I was upstairs recently, it is better ventilated and has a pool table which is nice. No taps at all, so all of the specials printed on signs out front aren't available up there.  A decent bottle selection though and plenty of liquor.  The bar tender seemed pretty surly when we arrived but lightened up as more people came in.

I'm not sure what the draw is.  You can find pool tables elsewhere, you can find some of the good beers as cheap elsewhere.  I guess if you live nearby it is fine but I don't see why you'd want to go out of your way for this, maybe if you've just GOT to smoke while drinking your microbrew?  Though it seemed like everyone was just drinking lager and Sam Adams anyway.
Its a good dive bar. Lots of people. Easy to move around and socialize.

Cheap beer.

Good dive bars don't have to allow smoking to be good dive bars. Smelling like an asshole after the bar isn't cool and neither is the half a pack of second hand smoke inhaled while in there. The smoke in this bar is way out of control.

Not to sound like a tough guy, but if a bartender ever talks to me again like the one in this bar did the other night then I won't be held responsible. I stood there in shock at his reply before slowly ordering. His tone communicated that I wasn't welcome in the bar and was crazy for asking for requesting a drink. Being cool means not letting your dive bartender job get to your 22 year old head. Its just a bar, and you aren't invincible. Its the tall skinny young guy with short black hair if anyone of consequence to the bar reads this.
If I were able to score this pit in the negatives I would. Was only there once about 2weeks ago and trust me, there won't be a second. 5 of us were having a great time until the C U Next Tuesday behind the bar ruined the evening. I understand if a patron is sloppy drunk/belligerent/rude/liability n they're cut off, but not randomly WITHOUT reason. Extremely prejudice behavior by the staff behind the bar. Itd b nice to eventually be informed about their decision making process
cheapest bar in philly!!!!!!!!!!! been there many times. they have old school video games. cheap eats and drinks. where can you go and get drunk off $25? the only thing is the SMOKE!!.. geez.. do i have to smoke to get cheap drinks?
This is one of the few spots that does not frown upon smoking cigars. Definetly a dive but everyone was cool and the drink prices are super cheap. Very dark inside and not much for appearance thus no picture necessay. Our bartender was a drag queen named Pretty Girl and provided awesome service.
I go upstairs to TOPs on weekends (owned by McGlinchey's)because it's not so full of penn boys looking for cheap drinks and making fun of hipsters.  

In general I don't mind McGlinchey's the jukebox is a little contrived, and I wish they'd give you bigger glasses for mixed drinks but it's an ok place to be.  

I want to address the comments about the smoking ban:  This place has an exemption because they don't serve enough food.  They also aren't open on Sundays because of this license.
Great for smokers! McGlinchy's is a total dive with a frightening bathroom and questionable kitchen. You can still smoke at the bar, and to be honest, I'm jealous of the smokers. Nothing is cooler or more fun than sitting at the bar, smoking, drinking and talking to strangers.
This place was great back in college in 2005. I recently came back with some professionals for a visit. As of recently there is a bartender who was working on a Saturday who was impaired (hard drugs or mental health issues) and unable to accommodate customers. She had some odd behaviors to begin with and then it just became worse. Her colleague the shorter of the two was covering for her but it was impossible to correct the discrepancies of awkward ambience set by the impaired bartender. She was off from the beginning when I asked her for Tito's she said rudely said they don't have that. Then she kept walking past me but ignored me. I wasn't able to even speak out a drink order because she ignored me so there was no way she could have assessed my intoxication level (which was not an issue to begin with because I only had one drink in an hour as I was ignored) I've read other reviews saying the same things- the bartender was unresponsive and then aggressively flipped out on customers when they try to order a drink. She is mentally ill and untreated or high. She was the taller of the two. I'd say hire someone who maybe can serve your customers? She's unfit for customer interactions. Thanks!
The only people who think Dive bars are charming are the people who get off on kitsch and faux nostalgia.  At this point, you can't even classify McGlinchey's as a dive bar.  Why?  It's not a neighborhood bar.  It's a center city bar, a 15 minute fixed-gear ride from South Philly.  I highly recommend McGlinchey's if your ideal night is to be surrounded by toothless hags and be treated by the bartender like he doesn't want your business.  But some people love the place for the very reasons I hate it.  I call those people "alcoholics".
McGlinchey's was my first underage bar as well, haha. I am a fan of the upstairs portion more so than downstairs for the mean bartender/pool table against the rude servers/ms. pacman. Plus my kind of mix drink (shot and a beer) is one of the cheapest in the city
I heard someone order an appletini here once.  I thought that was hilarious.

I've had both the hot dogs and the sausage, am still alive, and would gladly eat both again.  But - you need to order from the waitresses even if you're sitting at the bar.  Sometimes if you mention it to the bartenders they will send the waitress over to you.  Sometimes they'll say order from the waitress.  This is how things are.

I like McGlinchey's.  I've never had a problem with the bartenders - I don't want to be their friend, I just want them to serve me booze.  But they're always fine and usually pretty attentive to your drink levels.  The waitresses have their moments, but seriously it's not that bad.  I don't need to be treated like a king all the time.
One of the best the city's has to offer. It feels like 1972. and the prices, practically, too. Pitchers of beer, cheap hotdogs. Torn, squeaky, cramped booths. Even cramp-ier bathrooms. You can smoke cigarettes and cigars at the same time. a giant island of a bar that always seems to be full. The definition of dive. i think i saw Charles Bukowski sipping a glass once. But it may have just been Jim Gardner from channel 6. it was pretty late in the drinking evening.
This place is dank, dark, smokey and dirty. The cigarette smoke is so thick in there, you cant see the dirty screened TV's.

But you know what? That's what really gave this place its charm. It was gross, but the beer was cheap and the service was great. Beer was cheap for the area and they had a decent selection of craft beer. 

I'm not a smoker and hate getting cancer, so I didn't stay long.
During a night out on St. Patrick's Day, I decided to stop in and check this place out. It seemed like a nice quaint little bar- the kind of place I like. When I ordered a draft beer however, I met the most hostile bartender I have ever encountered. After making an innocent comment about the beer, she decided that she didn't like me, and then proceeded to give me every bit of attitude she could muster. I attempted to ignore her as much as I could, but that only caused her to become more enraged. As I tried to drink my beer and have a conversation with the people sitting next to me, she repeatedly returned to my corner of the bar, looking for ways to insult me and engage me in an argument. The situation ended with more hostility, and needless to say I will not be returning. It's a shame, because this place could be a pretty cool little dive bar if it were staffed by employees who are at least somewhat friendly and respectful toward customers.
It smokey, the waitress hates you before you even order your drink and i dont know. This bar is like all the people that piss you off on the El except they are drinking and smoking too. Dive? Abso-fucking-sure. Do I come back for more? All the time. I'm a glutton for misery and this place is good for that. Be sure to miss the toilet when you are taking a piss. The actual toilet is meant for washing your hands. Also, do order a hot dog. At .75 cent you cant afford not too.
can be a bit douchbagish at times, but otherwise a good place to get drunk cheaply.
Peep this scenario:

It's Friday afternoon and you've just had the most hellacious week ever at work. Your head aches, you think you've got the carpal tunnel, and you're thristy... for cheap beer.

That's where McGlinchy's comes in! I used to live in Pittsburgh, Pa. and lemme tell ya --- there are only two things I miss about Pittsburgh --- cheap real estate and CHEAP DRINKIN'! McGlinchy's brings the cheap drinkin' back for me. This is probably the only place in Philly where I can get completely wasted on $20... and on DECENT BEER at that! The Glinch is the perfect dive bar. Dark, smokey, and featuring just enough smarminess that you feel A-OK about drowning your sorrows and lettin' loose... and playing some table Pac-Man when it's all said and done.
When I think about McGlinchey's, it goes like this:

That part of It's A Wonderful Life where Nick crankily remarks,"Hey look, mister. We serve hard drinks in here for men who want to get drunk fast, and we don't need any characters around to give the joint 'atmosphere'..." It's that kind of place: A cheapy beer and shot specials dive. So divey it's almost cinematic. 

Last time I was there, McGlinchey's had some kinda great deal goin on big Franziskaners. Nice surprise for the ole gal.

There was one time when we were bar crawling around for my brother's birthday and when asked if he wanted to stop at McGlinchey's and he responded, "Uh no. Don't wanna be treated like shite on my birthday." And then we went anyway.

Should I be disappointed that I've never been treated badly at McGlinchey's. "What's wrong with me?" I puzzle. What...is wrong...with me? 

McGlinchey's has a good jukebox, that's for sure. And possibly moonshine, I hear. 

I leave with a stinkin of cigarettes I didn't smoke... a stinkin of booze I did drink...and a stinkin good time, generally speaking.
Cheap (and i mean CHEAP) beer
& even cheaper hott doggs

The booths are uber tiny and u will squeeeeeeze yo kinky ass in them booths to drink a $2.35 porter!!!! (whats that u say) YES!!! $2.35!
The hott doggs are hott doggs, but with some chili on them, they are the best you have ever had (also after a few drinks inya)

dark, dirrrrrrrty as hell & the most diverse group of people in the city....
but ull get shitty for less than a 20 spot!!! WAT WAT IN THE BUTTTTT!!! HAHA

go there and EXPECT to be treated like ur scum of the earth by the servers, but pay no mind to it visitors and tourist...they r just showing you some love....
inna Philly way ;)
It's like stepping into a different time. Its dark, and dingy, and smells like cigarettes. There's a really modern jukebox that doesn't fit the decor at all but it's really fun to play songs on it while you're getting drunk off of really (really!) cheap drinks. This is 100% my favorite center city bar.
Smoking is allowed. Pitcher of beer for less then 10. And the music box is up for grabs. This is a legit Philly spot. Everyone works in the industry. And if you're a Philadelphian you'll be know how this place gets down.
A really quaint and wunnerful dive; gritty and disgruntled rather than sticky, futile, or feeble. A dive which attracts today's young tattooed 'Dennis-the-Menace' type losers rather than crusty old goats who've been losers all their lives. Highly recommended place to come to to drink quietly; check out bouncy t&a on the artsy/crafty type girls; and nurse a broken spirit.  Awesome pitcher specials: Yuengling Porter for $5. You can come in here to just drink and be left alone; without having to talk to anybody. Minimal conversation needed. When you're on a jagged edge..try this place. You don't want to make the fire department bring the airbag crew.
McGlincheys is the ultimate dive bar. Dirty and dingy but you can smoke and drink for mad cheap. Always a friendly crowd in there too. Love ya!
No, the service is not bad; no, the employees don't have an attitude; no, it's not gross or scary - it's a dive bar. You're going to get a drink in an efficient manner with no bullshit and little small talk from the bartender - they're there to work. Sorry if the floor is a little sticky - again, you're in a dive bar. People spill drinks sometimes. Deal with it. You want to be served a double-hopped IPA with a soupcons of elderberry and undertones of shoe leather by a Mixologist in an establishment with high-ass ceilings and reclaimed wood tables, don't come here. If you want a place where you can sit quietly, drink and be left alone, McGlinchey's is your place.
This is perhaps the best hidden dive bar in the middle of downtown Philly. If you want to see the real philly, this is the place to be. Good traditional drinks, the bartenders are rough but my fave was Abigail. Great for people watching and getting a nice buzz for the day.
Ah yes... The Glinch.

You never start your night (or happy hour) there.  McGlinchey's is best enjoyed after you've had a few drinks already and decide that a jukebox, a Ms. Pacman, and cheap beer are the ingredients to make your night go up a notch or two.

Bring cash (for the bar), bring quarters (for Ms. Pacman), bring patience (for the waiters), and don't forget to put a $5 bill in the jukebox.  You'll thank me later.
The dopest bar in Philly.

Drinks we consumed: 1. mysterious tequila, 2. mysterious bourbon, 3. moonshine (which is always mysterious)
Love this Place, can get a bit smokey other than that cheap beer, good jute box, upstairs
On Wednesday April 4th I stopped into McGlinchey's after a work function where Europeans were playing table tennis with such finesse and ferocity that is was equal parts horrifying & hilarious. That is when I embarked upon what was probably the best, and most needed, chili dog I've ever had in my life. I ate the chili that fell off the hotdogs with my bare hands and felt no remorse.
