I didn't see what the big deal was about this place. I came here after a theater production, with the cast, and was not all that impressed. 

It's very difficult to find a place to stand that allows you to avoid being bumped into by the bustling waiters. The bartender was pretty gruff. The options on tap weren't great either but I tried a hibiscus-flavored beer that was awesome--I wish I could remember its name for future reference. 

All in all, I was ready to go after an hour or so. It was flat out boring! The atmosphere, service, and selection were just not worth sticking around for.
Customer service sucks. Came in to dine on a Sunday afternoon. They had a good size crowd but was not packed. Walked in & stood in line for almost 10 min waiting for someone to acknowledge that I was there. There was an open table for 4 & I was a party of 2. They kept me waiting for a table set up for 2 to empty for another 10 min. While standing/waiting I asked if there was a reason I couldn't have that table. I was told it was their only available setup for 4 & that two other tables set for two were finishing up & theyd seat me when those customers left. WTF !!!  Last time I checked good business is taking care of the customers in front of you, not the ones you're hoping will come in. 

So I waited & got luke warm service. Placed my order & then while I'm sitting there another couple walks up & they break up the table for 4 to change it to seating for two!!!!  OK, now I have real issues with that. You make me wait as if my money wasn't good enough for the empty table for 4 you have open & then you wind up breaking down the table to sit another party of two. 

So needless to say I told them to cancel my order & took my $$$ elsewhere. Ridiculous!!! You lost a repeat customer behind some POOR customer service. Then when I ask you whose the manager you refuse to provide a name. Hope the real manager or owner reads this review #wontbeback
Went here for dinner on a Monday night. The kitchen was open until midnight. Ordered the wings (extra spicy) and jalapeño poppers. The poppers were a little on the cold side, I'm not sure why or how.  

The wings were once again, amazing. The extra spicy is very very very hot, which was kinda refreshing. I struggle to find a place that serves extra hot wings. 

Great service at the bar.
There is certainly a lack of places in Mt Airy to get your drink on and then you come across McMenamins and you realize its just another disappointment.

They have decent beer on tap and a good amount of bottles to choose from.  The menu is ok for bar food, but I suggest you don't stray too far from the norm...I tried something once from the specials menu and it was gross.....it was labeled as spiced apples over a pork loin....it was apples spiced with chili powder over a fatty piece of pork....so gross....

What I hate most about this place is the staff....everyone is always so rude....and it wasn't just once....its everytime.....there are tables in the back, but you can't sit there unless you get food....even if you do get food, they still rush your meal because this place is so small....

Forget finding a seat on a friday or saturday night.....

I tried so many times when I first moved to Mt Airy to like this place, but I don't think its in the cards for me.....
One of my favorite places to hang alone, bring a friend or two, watch a game, I just never wrote about it until now as my recent visit again reminded me of why I like to go there.

Starting with a great, revolving selection of craft drafts, imported brews, matched with a starter of the hummus and fresh vegetables, (the hummus has a perfect amount of spice, extremely full of flavor and not overburdened with garlic  you might find elsewhere.  Probably one of the best I've had).

Daily entree specials over the years I have had, like the salmon, the mexican lasagna, the lolly-pop lamb chops, etc. have all been fresh and above average.  The BURGER, is very good, large, juicy, scrumptious, as are the other standards.  The salads are ho-hum, a couple better than others, and they are definitely not the BIG salad.

Overall a good place to relax, a good diverse crowd, and a good place to satisfy your appetite for anything you feel like that day.
The last time that we went there was the LAST time that we will go there!

It was our first night out after the baby was born, and all I wanted a burger and a beer. We had been there before with another couple and had a great time hangin outside on the patio shooting the shit last summer. But this time we walked up to the bar on a Saturday night and tried to sit down. The young "cool" bartender was quick to tell us that we couldn't sit there because that seat was saved. So, the gentleman next to us said "oh, sit here- I am leaving"... so we did. So we waited. And we waited. About 10 minutes later this girl walks in from outside and sits in the"saved" seat. The bartender who wouldn't even make eye contact with us- rushed over immediately to his gal pal to take her order.

We were so disgusted that we got up and left. I don't know if it was post partum hormones, but I was in tears. Screw you cool guy- I hope you get crabs!
It's been a couple years since we have been here due to moving. I'm so excited to see that they have the same quality of food and service. Hands down my favorite place to get wings or fish and chips!!!!
I was hoping to find a place where I could watch the new Eagles season that was a stones throw from my home I have been in the area for over 20 yrs but have always preferred to eat at home because I don't like how most establishments prepare food with that in mind I decided to try this local eatery that I had heard so much about over the years and I was very disappointed. The meal went from mediocre to worse had the buffalo wings and they were over cooked then tried the shrimp and chips the chips were probably the only thing I liked shrimp was chewy and had no flavor upon tasting my dates fish and chips it was not much better for dessert we shared a raspberry puff pastry a la mode that had way too much sauce and over cooked pastry that was more burnt than flaky ok service small tv's nice folks but lousy food I wont go back !!!
I didn't think I was cool enough to go into this bar. You know, the local watering hole but being located in the heart of Mt. Airy, that takes on a different meaning. The crowd is such a mix of people- locals, hippies, yuppies, black, white, asian, poor, wealthy, young 20's, college kids, families, gray hair, pink hair. It's a bit intimitating in a way. It's just so "cool".

The beer choices along with the tv's are plenty. The food is strong
and surprisingly good. There are several vegetarian choices, including portobello burgers and veggie burgers. Soups, entrees. salad are huge, french fries are really cripsy ( my favorite). We met friends there once for lunch and watched while one of our friends had a pulled pork sandwich. I know very little about pork except that it's from a pig but it was a huge sandwich and he ate every little bit. Then he licked his fingers. i guess that means it was good.
I stumbled upon this little gem while here for two days on family business. It is the perfect little spot! Both times the bartenders were super nice and helpful with menu recommendations and getting wifi set up. The crowd is diverse and fun and the ambiance is authentic. No one's pretending to be anything they aren't here.

The beer list was extensive and the house wines were aok.

On my first visit, I had the caesar salad with grilled shrimp. So good and so many shrimp for $9! A little too much lettuce, but the bartender explained I could have ordered a small salad and added as many shrimp as I wanted for $1 each. My second visit I asked the bartender's recommendation and she suggested the fish and chips or hot roast beef sandwich. Legit, some of the best fish and chips I have ever had. The fish batter is seasoned perfectly and the fries are thick and almost overdone, but pulled from the fryer at the exact right time. Delish!

I doubt I will ever be back to this great neighborhood, but I would come back all the time if I lived here for the fish and chips! Definitely give it a try!
There is always a real good selection of beer on tap. And, if you've ordered something from a keg that has kicked, the backup will not only be a similar style, but it will be damn good as well. You want beer?  This is the place for that in this corner of Philly. But, why not?  It's a tavern, and the emphasis here is properly on beer.
This is not to slight the food coming out of the kitchen though.  The kitchen staff produce food that is relatively high level for a tavern.  I have not yet been disappointed by any food item that I've ordered.
I am concerned about the nature of the inspection violations found over the years.  By and large, they are things that can be easily avoided, and are not major sanitation issues, but their existence shows a lack of discipline in the kitchen. 
It is hard to keep a commercial kitchen clean, and even more difficult when that kitchen is busy. If management dedicates themselves to resolving inspection issues for good, then there is no reason why you cannot expect a fine meal, reasonably priced, with a selection of beers that will make for a complete and enjoyable meal. 
If it's only beer that you want, go ahead and add that missing star.
A friend of mine took me to this area because we were supposed to go to another restaurant, but that place was closed down. We were trying to figure out where to go to grab a bite to eat and a beer, when suddenly the most delightful smells came from the doorway of McMenamin's Tavern. I must say the inside and outside are clean and a 
Really nice place. 
The staff are All very attentive and when you walk in, you feel Very Comfortable and Relaxed!!  I was On Chill mode the Entire Time we were there. I cannot wait to visit this place again soon. 
Ohhhh, our burgers were Out of this world and so flavorful!!  Very pleased all the way around. Yummmm
Just going to take a minute and update this. McMenamin's is easily my favorite bar. It's grown on me over the years. It's one of those places that I don't go very often, but I feel like I'm at home every time I walk through the door. Greg and Joel and the rest of the staff are awesome.

Their food is always good. Their ever-changing front menu has never lead me wrong. They have a great beer selection. I highly recommend this place.
After a long day of sightseeing and outdoor events in hot, humid high 90's weather, we searched online for place that was on the way back to the hotel where we could get a cold beer and a bite to eat.  It was after 9:30 PM on a Sunday night so the choices were limited.
How could you go wrong with a popular pub?! 

We both ordered what the waiter referred to as their "legendary fish and chips".  I asked what kind of fish and unfortunately the name escapes me, but it was a locally farmed fish I never heard of.  It was not cod, halibut, haddock, or scrod.  

First of all, to be fair I have to say the waiter was a very down to earth, super friendly guy and his service was fine.  The problem apparently was the food.  The fried fish tasted pretty good, fresh, flakey white fish and nice crunchy batter. The french fries tasted ok , but needed to be crisper...they were this big mount of soggy undercooked fries topped with the fried fish.

The two of us that ate the fish and some chips woke up in the middle of the night sick as dogs.  Both of us in and out of the bathroom for the rest of the night, early morning and still into the next afternoon!

I called the restaurant and asked the girl who I spoke with if they heard from any other patrons that were in there late last night.  She claimed we were the only ones she heard got sick and simply said "sorry that happened to you".  Yeah...me too!!

I've never been a fan of farmed fish and this could happen at any restaurant that may have questionable sanitary conditions in their kitchen. 

By posting this, hopefully someone else may be spared!
good (not incredible) food and a good (not incredible) beer list.  

This place is divey and unpretentious, and the prices are very reasonable.   Let's face it.....all these reasons are why you are here.  It certainly delivers in that capacity.

If I lived in the area, I would probably be here a lot.

Really good fish and chips, and at $10 a plate, it's a total steal.  Chicken wings were about average....not the best, but certainly not the worst.

I would recommend it if you were in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.  It's more of a neighborhoody vibe.
By far the most unpleasant experience of my entire trip to Philadelphia, upon visiting my family last week my sister and her husband decided to take me to this dreadful establishment which we were not only treating poorly due
To our race but embarrassed. I'd think for a place that already has such little diversity in its patrons and staff,
Would at least treat the few people of color with equal respect. I will never ever return and I strongly don't recommend this business.
Having grown up in Chicago, I've had some fantastic hot wings.  I consider myself lucky to have found a place that has some of the best hot wings I've ever had.  In fact, I can't remember having any meal there that wasn't exceptionally delicious (and we eat there almost weekly).  My compliments to the chef.

If it's nighttime, however, and there's a game on, you can expect a bit of a wait for a sit-down experience (it is a sports bar after all).  But, you can drink beer (or something else) while you wait and the staff is always very professional.
I love this place. The standard bar food is great - their wings, for example, are the best, burgers are good, too. The surprise is what they do with their rotating menu (the typed and xeroxed one). Interesting things, almost always well executed.  The fish here is excellent (they sometimes have terrific whole roasted fish, usually snapper). Who would have thunk, good fish preps at a corner bar!

Goes without saying that the beer selection is wide and deep. The service is always friendly (but not too friendly) and efficient (but never pressured). I've been going to this place for ten years and the whole wait/bar staff is exactly the same, down to the busboy (and I'm pretty sure they aren't related, or at least they don't look like they are). Only thing: it's a good value, but by no means cheap - for a family of four, it will run you $70-80. Otherwise I would be here 2-3 times a week. Feel lucky to have this in the neighborhood.
For $52 I got a burger burnt to crisp, and oyster po-boy that was essentially raw and 4 drinks. Did I mention I paid $4 for extra pickles?! I could have spent just as much and gotten much better food and service ANYWHERE else.
the first time I went here back in January, it was COLD and it was a Saturday and I was new to the area.  I wanted something LOCAL. I found this place. It was BUSY on a Saturday but it was OKAY. I didn't mind waiting.

I wrote a LONG review but I wasn't allowed to finish...

BASICALLY, this is a RUDE, awful place. I ordered a burger to go - Ordered it MEDIUM. I got a BURNED BURGER. The bar woman was a nightmare. IGNORE ME. RUDE. When I asked for my food she said "I put it in. I can't do more than that!".  Seriously???  Guess what!!! Mt. Airy is growing and more "hipper" and Happier restaurants are moving to the area.  It won't be long before you cannot get away with the BAD SERVICE and BAD FOOD.  This is the THIRD TIME I have tried to have a good experience here. NEVER AGAIN.  .
Cozy neighborhood bar with a diverse crowd of young and old.  It is what it is - an old bar with a lot of history and character that has served generations.  We stopped in on a Friday night for a couple of beers and a pre dinner snack.  The bar and dining area were full and we were fortunate to get seats at the bar.

Typical pub menu with some specialty items that they are known for.  Not a huge tap list but good size with a wide variety to choose from.  We ate some wings which were very good.  Will need to stop back and try some other items next time.
this place has a surprisingly creative and unique menu with delish bar food! The beer menu is impressive too, filled with loads of local brews and craft beers. i heart this place. 

it's small, so be prepared to come early for dinner, or wait in and among the people sitting at the bar. it's not comfy and i never stay to wait for a table if it's a particularly packed night. and on game nights forget about it. But there is some outside seating in the warmer weather. 

The crowd is diverse, fun, and totally normal. and i mean this in a very good way. it's not a place to be seen, it's not full of hipsters, it's just plain old mt. airy/germantown folk who like their local bar.
I was in town for work and stopped in for dinner and a drink (well maybe three).  The place was full with a great mixture of folks and both young and old.  Everyone was truly friendly and outgoing, very refreshing.  

Had the bacon wrapped meatloaf, it was incredible. 

Thanks to all, I will be back.
Guess they didn't want my business...  Stood by the sign that said wait to be seated for ever.  Everyone that worked there passed me at least once.  So I left this non brotherly love crap hole.
I am a life long Philadelphian and I believe in a good neighborhood pub--McMenamin's is that place in Chestnut Hill/Mt. Airy.  I have been going to this place for years, but my most recent trip helped me to realize that this place is consistently good with the food & the beer selection is always STELLAR!!  

The downside is that with the increasing popularity of this neighborhood favorite--the servers are not as attentive and you may feel neglected at times because they will overlook you unless you are somewhat AGGRESSIVE...

Still a cool place to hang out at lunch, after work or just because.
I came here on my first night in the neighborhood, and was given a free "welcome to the neighborhood" beer. Who can argue with that? 

The preceding reviews are correct: what you'll notice first about this place is the diversity of the patrons. In age, gender, race, class, sexual orientation, all in all It's a place where I imagine most anyone would feel welcome. 

The beer selection is quite large, and they'll give you samples of the beers until you find one that you like. The food does go above and beyond the traditional bar menu. Yes, there are burgers, fries, and delicious wings. But there are also large, fresh salads, soups, and entrees that are quite sophisticated for such a non-pretentious laid back little place such as McMenamin's.

It's a great place to go for a beer and some conversation, to watch a game, or to have dinner. So glad it's in my neighborhood.

Minus one star because one waiter in particular can be extremely unpleasant. But I can't let one dude ruin the place for me.
I really need to go back here and try something else on the menu. I heard the fish and chips are good. I had the hummus platter cause I already ate. I wasn't  a big fan of the platter. I think I was expecting a platter similar to what I had at this other place (darn, can't recall the name). 
It came with veggies and a plate of pita (which I thought would be warm but twasn't).

The meal we ordered came out pretty quick so that's not bad. They also had my lambic beer which is always a plus.

I def think it's a cool place considering where it's located. At least now I know I don't have to trek to the city to get a beer. Not sure what will prompt me to go back tho but I'm sure something will come up.
McMenamin's is my neighborhood pub, and it serves as the keystone of the neighborhood, just as every good pub should.  I can't imagine Mt Airy  without McMenamin's.  In the 15 or so years that my wife and I (and now my 3yo daughter) have been regulars here the friendly staff has remained almost exactly the same.  How many places do you see that these days?  The food is good, the beer list is excellent.  One hand pump to go with the 12 or so taps of local, Belgian and other craft beers. Kid friendly.  Great wings, fish and chips, inventive specials, fresh salads.  I'm not a fan of their burger but that is certainly a matter of taste because others seem to love it.  Can get crowded, so come early, grab a seat and enjoy Mt Airy, because we are all there.....
Decided to have a casual dinner out in Mt Airy and decided on this place as I have been there before.  My mom and sister love this place and wanted to take me there for their fish and chips.   I choose not to go there for my birthday and decided on something else.  So decided to give it a chance the other night.  Walked in and it was fairly busy.  People cheering for there favorite sports team on the tv with the food and drinks flowing.  We waited to be seated in the back about 1 hour before the kitchen closes at 11.  Which I thought would be ample time to grab an bite to eat.  First of all let me say this about the kitchen; "if that's what you can call it" reminds me of a sandwich counter.  There is a small shelf were the plates are placed and each time the order comes up the cook rings the bell.  After thinking about it, it reminded me of the cook in the tv show Two Broke Girls.  One final thing I noticed about the kitchen,  is that it was close to the bathroom.  With all of that I still decided to grab a bite.  They have two menus, one full of the daily specials.  We decided to go with the safe option which were their "specialities".   We ordered a classic burger and wings.  The food came out and I was already upset the the burger was served with chips and I noticed the bun was not even warm.  Took one bit and knew it was inedible.  We ordered it medium well and it came chard on the outside and raw in the middle.  It was not seasoned and tasted like gas from a stove.  They don't even serve the burger with crispy iceberg lettuce they  use lettuce from from a chopped salad.  The quarter pound burger at McDonalds is better then the 10 dollar burger at this place.  The wings where not bad but they to were not prepared right.  They were rubbery which means they were undercooked.  To top it off the draft beer has a soap after taste and I left with the hiccups.  Now I know why I didn't want to go there for my birthday.  Especially since they can't make something as simple as a burger. Is it a sport bar or restaurant?  Either way they are failing.  I would not even go back for the soapy beer.  My suggestion if you go here, come full and order bottled beer.
I have a love/hate relationship with this place...I took my parents here when I first moved to the area. The food was good, but the service was terrible. The food took a long time, and our drinks were empty when it finally did come, but refills were not in our stars...I asked for some mayo on the side for moms...I had to ask twice before it was remembered.

Fast forward a few months...when I made some local friends, I went again. This time, we were treated like royalty. My neighbors are regulars and the waitstaff definitely treated us differently. Food was still good, but it came much more quickly, even though they were much more busy. And, the ice in our drinks never hit the bottom of the glass..constant refills. 

Most recently...I went for after work cocktails with a friend. They were pretty busy...but the bartender was preoccupied with talking to two girls at the bar to notice that we, and the guys next to us were ready for another round...so we joined forces and headed into Chestnut Hill.

The moral of my story...the food is pretty good...and so is the service, if you are a regular...or a hot chick.
I walk in and the bartender gives me a look and a nod.  As I walk over to say high to someone I know (which is most of the time in the neighborhood icon) an IPA is handed to me.  Yeah, the one I never ordered.  Come here on a regular basis and they will get to know you and what you like and take care of you.

It's a great pub with some really good food and a very good beer selection.  The regular menu has all the standard pub food, but it's all fresh and cooked to order, no frozen crap.  The features page changes weekly and offers some great, innovative food, all at fair prices.
I only popped in here for one beer but it's gonna require a return visit.

They definitely have a great beer selection.  I had the Arcadia Porter which was really, really good.  I even tried a Sly Fox beer on hand pump which was just ok.  The bartender was very nice and gave me those samples before ordering.

As I walked to the bathroom I spied two patrons dining on some serious looking burgers.  I made a comment to my drinking partner about and it she said, "oh yeah, their burger is good here."

So now I'm intrigued.  Stay tuned...
I know 5 stars are a tall order for a local pub, but as local pubs go, this is the spot.  I don't know why other reviewers viewed a diverse and varied pool of patrons as intimidating; I felt exactly the opposite, I felt at ease.  I'd feel way more uncomfortable in a pub full of rowdy, yelling, red-faced college frat dudes than in a place where old, young, gay, straight, blue collar, rich, families, singles, black, white, and many more come together to eat, socialize, watch a ball game, or just chew the fat at the bar.  

Every time I visit, I see regulars who all seem to enjoy each other's company.  I also see people who are new to the place.  On a busy night, there can be a wait for a table, and you have to get there a little early for a seat if the Eagles are playing, but the service is generally speedy and friendly.  Yes, there are times when you may have to wait several minutes, or wave your hand to get service from the bar, but that's because the place is PACKED very often with only one or two people filling orders for the bar area, the diners at tables, and those sitting on the patio.  Have patience and be friendly...you might just meet your new favorite bartender.

By the way, I can't ignore the food.  Sure, there's the standard bar food (burgers, amazing fries, chicken fingers, fish and chips), but they also have really good salads, soups, appetizers, and entrees that can keep up with any other restaurant on Germantown Avenue.  The beer selection is great, and they make good cocktails.  You can even buy six packs of every-day beer and fancy imports to go.  It's definitely worth a try.  If you're looking for a quiet corner for a date or for reading there, come in the afternoons...or on a day/evening when the Phillies or the Eagles aren't playing.
A Mt. Airy institution to be sure, but the place is crowded every night of the week and every time I walk in there is another TV. The mixed-race, mixed-age clientele is a plus, and a relic of the days when only place to eat or drink on this stretch of the avenue. McMenamins will always have a place in my heart, but not if I can't get a table on a Tuesday. Stick with the burgers, fish and chips, and wings (all among the best around), but generally, skip the specials unless somebody at the next table has one and you can ask how they like it. Which is how it is in Mt. Airy.
McMenamin's is the quintessential neighborhood bar with great food and even better patrons.  Always a dart game going on and the pub food is the best in the area.  What I love most about McMenamin's is the friendly bartenders and the diverse crowd.  Went there the other day when the Eagles were playing and everybody was giving me the business about my Boston accent and it was all in good fun.   This is the type of place we need to cherish and keep going to because we can't lose gems like this.
Great spot for a quick drink. Wings dry with some hot sauce on the side are freaking amazing. Make sure you ask for Paul the bartender, very friendly and attentive to you.
This place is generally pretty awesome.  It has really excellent pub food, made by a friendly chef named Larry.  The chicken tenders are actually chicken breasts beer battered and fried to order, not your frozen run of the mill tenders.  And they have won lots of awards for their chicken wings.  This is one of those scenes where at dinner time, sometimes there are kids in there, and then it can get crazy later at night, fully functioning as both as restaurant and a bar for the neighborhood.  It is a true Mt. Airy style bar in that the crowd is always diverse and people are pretty friendly.

Mixed drinks are always strong, fantastic beer selection, including I think around 13 beers on tap at all times.  And they don't carry any Anheiser Busch products.

For Eagles games, it gets totally packed and totally nuts and they play the good commentators on the radio instead of having to listen to the TV commentators.  Oh, and they cue the fully orchestrated version of the Eagles fight song after a touchdown and the whole bar sings along.  

I got tired of this place because there used to be almost nowhere else to go for good reasonably priced food, so we were almost forced to go there all the time.  But now, lots of new stuff has sprung up on this strip of the ave.  The only real negative was that once you were a regular, sometimes you got ignored waiting for a drink when it was busy in favor of the less frequently attending 'adults.'  I think I went there too much when I lived in Philly for me to want to go back now, but for others, it should be a place definitely worth going to .
First thing I noticed about this little Tavern is it  had such a cool mix of patrons and a super casual vibe. 

Good selection on beer although there aren't many options on the menu for food. It's really standard pub food choices but the food quality was great! Try the burger for sure. Everything is very reasonably priced to

Great service, food, drink and atmosphere. 5 stars
POOR Service. The bar tenders ignore you... well, at least, they ignored me. I wasn't sure what the reason was, could it have been because I'm not WHITE. Hmmmmmm!!  I gave this establishment three chances to  get it right......... Well, they still haven't.  Did I mention that the service SUCKS? I wasn't sure if I did. Go to Earth, or Solaris, don't waste your time at McMenamin's.
One of the best beer joints in Philly.  It's also one of the best places in Philly. 
1. No hipsters. This is Mt. Airy, not NoLibs
2. Diverse crowd. For all the talk about inclusion, political correctness, blah blah blah, most of Philly is highly segregated. and that includes MOST of the beer bars. Not this one. It's an amazing hodgepodge of sexual orientations, races, ages, and economic status. Kinda like the neighborhood itself.  
3. Awesome beer list. The tap list should be required reading for beer geeks everywhere.
4. The food is perfect. A good burger, fish and chips, and awesome fries. What else do you need?
First time coming here, but it seems like a great neighborhood spot to grab a drink and some food. It's much bigger on the inside than it appears. It seems like of locals frequent here and it's an overall very friendly atmosphere. 

We sat down and immediately were asked about our drink order. The service was very quick despite the high patron to low servers ratio. All of the waiters were very attentive and quick. 

The drinks were great. As for the food, it was certainly as good, if not better, than standard pub food. They had some interesting offerings for their specials, such as prosciutto wrapped figs and pizza soup. We stuck to the jalapeño poppers, thanksgiving day sandwich, and fish and chips. All were very well cooked, and they were more than willing to modify menu items to the customers liking. Have to give props to their spicy tarter sauce, which was very delicious. 

I certainly appreciated their fast service and good quality food. Would definitely return.
McMenamin's.  You've got to love it for what it is.  A neighborhood bar without pretense.  Nobody is going to go out of their way to make you feel welcome, but they'll do their jobs and they'll do them well.  If you're waiting, it's because they're busy, not because they're blowing you off.

The beer list is good and long and the waitstaff are great at offering suggestions, just ask.  They might look like they're running/harried, but they're all nice guys/gals.  

I'm a vegetarian so I only eat off a limited section of the menu.  I survive, and I'm a regular.  If you do the veggie burger, I recommend having fried onions, bbq sauce, cheese, lettuce and tomatoes.  The salads are fine, the portabello burger is fine, and if you feel like pasta, the linguine is actually really flavorful.  Specials are hit and miss.  I had a risotto that was horrid, but I had a white bean cassoulet that was deeeelish.  People seem to fall into two camps on the fries:  those who love beer battered and those who don't.  I'm in the latter camp. There are so many delicious french fries in Philly bars; I wish McMenamin's had some, too.  I also wish they'd go back to Kaiser rolls and forget about the brioche, but apparently not everybody shares my feelings on that one.

I also think that one of the special things about McMennamin's is the crowd.  It's one of the most integrated I know in Philly.  And yes, they have tv's but I would hardly call this a sports bar (though yes,sports are often on and if there's a big game, there's a sports crowd.)

********************************************
Update, 12/14.  I don't think I communicated clearly enough how much I love this place.  It's my place.  I think I was trying to respond to some of the other reviews I read.  In addition to just adding some "I love this place," I wanted to add that the kitchen has been doing some really nice things on the specials for a while now, and that includes vegetarian options.  Yes, sometimes it's pasta, but sometimes it's a delicious legume offering (shouldn't more bars in Philly learn about legumes, vegetarians?) and in the last months I've even had a phenomenal -- and I mean that -- tofu stir-fry.  Really?  At McMenamin's?  Yes!  Couldn't be happier at my place, our place, make it your place!
It's hard for me to know how to review this restaurant/tavern, which is a neighborhood gathering place. The bar is lively, and the restaurant is almost almost always full. There's no decor--formica tables, servicable chairs. The menu has traditional pub favorites (try the hot wings!), but it also has more creative additions. It's the service I struggle with. The servers act like they're doing you a huge favor to even seat you, and their attitude is really off-putting.
You could do FAR worse. So do yourself a solid and come to this monument to the Mt. Airy experiment where everyone meets, greets, eats.

Known for their burgers, wings and vast beer list, this place is what the 215 aspires to. McMenamin in Irish must equate to "The Restaurant of Brotherly Love". 

On this Friday night, the mussel chowder was worthy of a 4 star experience: just 10 feet seep in flavor. Whoever did the stock base and cooking had it right.

The pappardelle with rock shrimp, corn, cherry tomatoes was equally swimming in deep and clear  flavors.  I couldn't ask for more. Well... actually I could, anf since they do take out, guess what's going back with me?  Both of 'em!
I went in Sunday with a group of friends. We bought drinks and food and genuinely had a good time with each other and the other patrons.  The food was tasty, the music was decent and the patrons were friendly.  I am giving a one star review because the bartender consistently poured short shots!  I jokingly asked my friend was my drink evaporating because it didn't look like a proper shot. So we decided to ask the bartender. He tried to tell us that he was pouring 1.5 oz shots and then backpedalled and said they were half ounce shots and when he was challenged again and said that it was not even a .5oz he got a shot glass and poured my untouched drink into it and it was about .25 ounces as I thought.  He then apologized but it did not change the fact that basically he stole our money for several rounds by not giving us what we paid for.  $9 for .25 oz of Jameson and $12 for .25 oz of Chivas Regal  is just the tip of the iceberg considering there were 6 of us and we each bought a round.  We spent a considerable amount of money and still tipped the guy out of being bartenders at well known establishments ourselves and knowing how hard the grind is, but we won't be going back.
We have been to McMenamin's countless times and it's our bar and people--outstanding food and drinks and Covid hasn't changed anything. This is the heart and soul of Mt. Airy. If you know, you know already; if you don't, it will soon become your neighborhood favorite. Got takeout multiple times since March but this evening was the first time to have drinks outside (indoor also seems fine and spaced out and safe). Great to see you all again! Love you, McMenamin's.
I visited McMenamins Tavern last night for dinner. The place is always hopping which is a good sign. Me and the missus were able to get a seat in the rear dining area. They also have table tops in the front of the restaurant and seats along the bar. There were plenty of televisions to view the game. The draft list and other specials were written on a large chalk board. I tried the Lagunitas Saketumi a double IPA aged in sake barrels. I enjoyed my selection which was very tasty. We tried the fried oyster appetizer and the beef short ribs. The missus and I both thought the oysters were fantastic. They were lightly breaded, fried perfectly tender and juicy. The short ribs were very tender and were topped with a nice light sweet sauce. We both ordered the shrimp and chips for our entree. The plate had plenty of fries which were delicious. The shrimp were tasty but I would disagree with the menu which called them jumbo. The breading was not done well and fell off easily. My wife also pointed out that the shrimp had not been deveined. I ordered the Evil Geni IPA for dessert. It was light, smooth and had a slight fruity taste. My wife was surprised that her Captain and Coke was less than my beers. I noticed that the waitress was swamped with trying to handle the entire back dining area with only help from a busboy. She handled it well and our service didn't suffer. To sum it all up McMenamins is a solid bar selling decent bar food.
My second and time here and no complaints. The food is delicious, fast service, and good prices. I had the chicken wings with buffalo sauce on the side during my first visit and they were really good. I came back to try a burger I saw passing by during my first visit and I couldn't finish the 10oz beast. I ate half with some chips and washed it down with a glass of the Apple cider beer. Very good. It's a small place so it gets crowded fast but between the prices and service, it's worth a little wait. I will definitely be back for a third visit.
Finally got to stop in here, and I'm glad I did. This was on a weekday for lunch, and it was moderately busy. I was pleased to see that the staff and customers reflected the diversity of the Mt. Airy-Germantown area (contrary to one now-prominent Yelp review). We found the staff and other partrons to be friendly and down-to-earth, in rather an old fashioned, homey bar-restaurant. The definition of what a neighborhood pub should be. 

I was also worried that the fare would be very old-school meat-oriented pub grub. It was not. There were any number of vegetarian options, and the first-listed lunch special was explicitly labelled "GF/vegan."  

Nice, too, is the excellent draft beer list, which included, on this occasion, a cask Yards IPA.

I had one of the lunch specials, a cheese, mushroom, and tomato on wheat grilled sandwich - kind of a panini. Excellent. Reasonable price, too, at $8. My deputy Yelper, whose appetite for a cheeseburger was what got us here in the first place, praised the burger overall, while lamenting that his "medium rare" burger was more in the direction of medium than rare. He also the critiqued the bun as being unremarkable. Everyone's a critic! Of course he devoured burger AND bun. The french fries, however, really get the award, and I can confirm that myself. Outstanding! Huge serving (we took some home). Certainly among the best I've ever had, perhaps they are really twice fried.

Will be back!
PROS:
* Best beer list in the NW.
* Some of the best wings in the city... on a good day they can rival Moriarity's
* The rest of the food is right there... some of the best pub food + around
* Neighborhood institution... with a varying crowd typical of where it's nestled (Mt Airy) 
* Greg (bartender) is awesome... period

CONS:
* Getting a seat can be difficult depending on the time/day.
* Getting a seat during a big game = an impossibility.
The definitive neighborhood melting pot bar - the bartenders know their beer, and they always have great stuff on tap. I hear the food is ok, but I've never eaten a thing there - it does leave a vague scent of old ketchup in the air for us latenighters, unfortunately. For drinks, though, it's a good place - it's always crowded, but I still have always found a table, and usually leave quite drunk and about $30 lighter - I just wish there was a night or two that they didn't have mediocre 90s FM Rock blaring overtop of whatever sporting event is going on, as I'm not remotely interested in either. How about some Hank Williams or some Tom Waits?
Good food and good service. Wings are great. Burgers  are huge. Prices  are excellent.
I am not a big sports fan. I don't love dining in crowded places. Sometimes the place is busy and the waitstaff doesn't smile at me, or laugh at my jokes. But I always come back to McMenamin's. 

I may want a good lunch at the end of an early day. I always choos McMen's. Friends and I may realize we're hungry, and we always end up at McMenamin's. 

The food is always tasty and high quality. And there's always enough courtesy for me to feel welcome. 

I LOVE their:
Salads!!!
Burgers
Wings
Fish & Chips
Hummus platter
Beef stew
Chili
Specials
Staff (even if they ain't got time for me)

Plan to run into people you know. Or plan to be recognized by people who know you.
This is a GREAT neighborhood pub. Everyone is friendly, the crowd is super diverse, the food is really good, there is always a good beer list.

When staying in the area I make it a point to get here for a bit just to escape wherever "home" is that night. You should consider doing the same.

A warning though... When there are big games on you won't be able to get a seat.
I come to this local bar at least once a week, usually two or three times.

They have great beers, consistently good food...(salads are great and fresh,  their nightly entrees are always good too., they go above the traditional bar menu. They have veggie burgers and great clams.)
 
I have searched and searched and have never found a better gin & tonic.... by far none have compared to McMenamin's. Cheap and amazing. 
The crowd here is very diverse... everybody is welcome and everybody knows it!!! Young, old, black, white, hipster, frat boy, businessman... you will find it all.  When I bring people here who don't live in the neighborhood, the diversity is the first thing that they notice.
Service can be a little slow.... but this is a place that you'll want to stay a while.
Best Chicken Caesar Salads on the planet! I swear their Caesar Dressing is homemade--it's just DELISHHHH!! I also enjoyed their BLT on Rye, and waiting to try a gobbler from there ASAP!!
Only been here once but its a great spot. Very friendly neighborhood feel. Great food for a bar. I was blown away by their draft selection that changes periodically. Definitely a gem.
Wife and I just bought in Mt. Airy and was stoked to find this place mere minutes away by foot. Food is above average pub fare, and the servings are ample. Nice beer selection and really good vibe. Will be a fave haunt.
Good beer list and solid food. The beer list is heavy on IPA's, if that's your thing. The fish and chips was well season and fried beautifully. The french fries are awesome. Service was good, many people came by to check on us throughout the meal and they were quick to bring drinks out. Solid neighborhood establishment!
Fun place!  Great spot for watching an Eagles game on TV!  This is a genuine neighborhood bar in one of Philly's most eclectic neighborhoods (Mt. Airy).  It is located in a lively commercial district on Germantown Avenue, the main street in the community.  You can meet all types of people here, and it's all good.  The food is well prepared and there are plenty of choices on the menu, including dinner platters, burgers, roast beef sandwich, wings, salads, fish & chips, etc.  Prices are low to moderate.  BIG selection of beers.  Highly recommended.
This is one of our favorite locals. Perfect place to catch an Eagles game, with the best draft selection for miles. It's a tavern, and a popular tavern at that, so you have to get in early if you go there for dinner. Noise level is pretty high, but that's to be expected at a sports tavern. 

What's not to be expected at a tavern like this is the food! They do standard tavern fare very very well, the burgers and wings are great. The fish and chips are my favorite this side of the Atlantic. The Wife says their hummus is the best. What I hadn't expected before I started going there (I've been going for years) are the specials. The specials change every week, including desert specials. The specials are always imaginative and usually very good.
I watch Tripple "D" on the Food Network all the time and wonder where all the good, sleeper, restaurants are in Philadelphia. Well I found one. McMenamin's is the kind of place I've been looking for for a long time. 
I went with the Fish and Chips. My wife went Veggie with the huge Portabello "burger"
Service was fast. Food was great. I had Ginger ale and the Mrs. had a Vodka something. It was all A+. I'm going back tomorrow and maybe the next day. 

Timmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
The food and beer selection at McMenamin's are consistently good. Had the chance to chat with the chef on a slower afternoon and you can just tell the guy knows and loves food. Plus he was a great laugh. The service can be a little off sometimes, especially when they are packed --- but it is always understandable. And even if they aren't always able to be the most expedient staff, they ARE always friendly and knowledgable about the food and drink menus! The specials change weekly it seems, and everything I have ever tried off of the rotating menu was heavenly. My husband can't say no to the fish and chips (best on the east coast he says), and I really enjoyed the chili. A vegetarian friend of mine got the portobello burger and was astounded at the size of it ... And that she was able to get a truly delicious veggie friendly meal in a little pub in Mt. Airy. We may be moving out of the neighborhood soon, but this is absolutely one of those places we will come back to visit no matter where we move!
This is not a typical local watering hole, and without McMenimin's up the street from us, my husband and I would probably be able to go a day without beer. But it has truly brought out the beer snob in the both of us.  Their beer selection is not huge, but it's always creative and changing. Waiters are always genuinely knowledgeable about the beer selection and are happy to make a recommendation based on what you are craving that particular day, or give you a small sample if you are still up in the air. Just don't go in here and order a Miller light-it's a waste of good resources and it truly doesn't matter if you have no knowledge of beer.  Just order something you haven't heard off of the chalkboard, and you're sure to be happy. And if not, oh well-it's only $5, right? Not exactly breaking the bank for trying something new.

The standard bar fare is great-burgers are enormous, flavorful, and cooked to order. The wings are some of the best in the city, and the fish and chips are awesome.  Their dinner specials are usually pretty good, too, which is surprising at a bar.

Wait staff is great, and they know the regulars. This isn't the type of place that the staff turnover is high, thus, service is consistent and dependable.  

This place is a local staple, and it's truly worth the 15 minute trip from center city to check it out.
Checked out this joint on Saturday after reading other Yelp reviews months ago.  Had the sauteed grilled shrimp taco's and the spinach salad.  Both were great!!!  Loved the fact they had alot of tv's at just about every angle of the bar.  The service was great and attentive too.  I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Philly.
've been meaning to go to McMenimins for months now. It's supposed to be the best bar in Germantown, and I needed to investigate this rumor.

I went out to dinner with John, Allie, and Rachel. The atmosphere here is pretty standard, a long dark bar greets you as from the front door. There is a back dinning room with a handful of tables, and a small outdoor seating area. The quality of seating varies in the outdoor area; one end is quite nice while the other is cramped, separated from the sidewalk only by a chain link fence. Choose your seat wisely.

The prices here are great for the food, and reasonable for the beer. As far as the beer list goes, it is good, even by Philadelphia standards. There have several American craft beers and a few Belgians. I started with the Kwak and then tried an IPA, but the names escapes me now.

Everyone else went with the fish and chips, while I opted for the burger. The rest of the group really enjoy the fish, and liked the fries even more. The first are the twice cooked fries that deliver crispy, perfect consistency inside and out; many spots could take lessons on these great fries.

For my burger, it only came with potato chips, which aren't the ideal side. Other than that, I was very happy with the burger, and would put it in the upper echelon of burgers in the city. The size and proportion of everything was great. I ordered medium rare and it came cooked to specification. It was large and messy, dripping with juices, and if I wasn't in such good company I may have been embarrassed by the process of eating this great burger.

Bottom Line: This is one of the best spots in Germantown. It doesn't have what it takes to bring me from my part of the city, but it's certainly worth visiting if you're in the neighborhood.

Essentials:
7071 Germantown Ave
215-247-9920
Hours: M-S: 11:30-2am; S 4pm-1am; Sunday during NFL 12:30-1am
Avg Ent: 7-15
Cash Only: No
Reservations: No
This is my FAVORITE RESTAURANT!!! The BEST buffalo wings in town, there hummus is awesome and I love their Beer battered French fries!! If you're a drinker try the jolly Rancher! It is SO GOOD!
I guess my friends and I missed the memo about the food here cause it seemed like more people were in line to get a table to eat than to grab a spot at the bar.  The bar area was packed and most people there seemed to be eating as well.  We can to check out the awesome beer selection and concur our quest of hitting all the 2012 Top 50 Bars in 2013.  I can see why this place made the list defiantly a great neighborhood type bar.  If I lived nearby I could see myself frequenting the place.  Service was efficient as well and the draft list has so many great options.
As always, a great visit, good food and attentive wait staff. Always high on the list of places to patronize, McMenamins is a sure thing each and every time. If you're interested in a varied beer list or a sports team, there are plenty of brew selections and a multiplicity of TVs. This place has it all over the places higher up on the Hill. Worth a stop for sure.
Great neighborhood bar. You would never guess from the outside - it just looks like a typical corner pub - but they have a wonderful beer selection. They have about 12 taps all pouring great craft or imported beer and even more stuff in bottles. They even sell beer to go including cork & cage Belgians.

The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it is small and almost always crowded, so getting a seat is tough. And if the Eagles are playing... get there at least an hour before game time or forget it.

Oh and their burgers are fantastic. I also love the beef stew, hearty and sticks to your ribs.
Great, fresh food, wonderful neighborhood vibe, and now that PHL is non smoking it's a delightful, casual place to go for dinner.
My fiance and I absolutely love this place.  I'm a beer connoisseur and their selection is always exceptional.  I love that they usually have sours and big beers on draft.  Their food is typical pub grub.  It's good an inexpensive.  The staff is always friendly and knowledgeable.  We also really like the eclectic atmosphere.  You can almost always find a spot at the free parking lot next door.
My favorite place in the area for a beer and a snack after work. Always some friendly conversations to be had at the bar, and the food is great and fairly priced. The staff is attentive and friendly, though sometimes when they're busy, service is a little slow. Nonetheless, this is a great neighborhood bar! The atmosphere is comfortable and inviting, and after a long day, it's the perfect place to unwind with a cold one. Love the hummus, and the sandwiches and burgers are always great. We've tried every bar in the Mt. Airy/ Chestnut Hill area, and this still our favorite.
Love this place...

While we aren't really spoiled for choice in the Great Northwest, McMens would be worth the trip (if it weren't right up the road already). 

The food is REALLY good, the specials are interesting, the table service is so efficient the waiters might be named "Deiter" or "Klaus", and they have a heaps-decent draft beer selection that seems to rotate pretty frequently. 

Great pub: nothing fancy, but all the better for it.
This bar "is" Mt Airy. White/Black, Gay/Straight, Young/Old all drinking from one of the best beer selections in the city.  Just tell PJ what you like and he'll pour you something to try.

Yes, it is crowded. Yes, as someone noted it can take a while to get the uber-busy bartender's attention.  (actually I'm not sure they have bartenders on busy nights, I think you have to flag down a waiter while he's pouring something)

It's perfect bar food. Very good burgers, wings, and the aforementioned chicken tenders.    Warm friendly rowdy: everything a neighborhood joint should be.
This is a great, local spot, with a diverse crowd, fantastic eats, and a welcoming space. We are always seated and served in a reasonable amount of time, even when it's busier. The beer list never ceases to impress, and the menu never fails to please us. The staff are friendly, and are quick to fix a mistake if ever needed. McMenamin's, we appreciate you!
My Favorite Place To Spend A Weekday Afternoon
Upscale 'Bar Food', especially the daily lunch/dinner specials, which are always anchored by real good renditions of the shrimp/chicken/burger staples. Personally, it's difficult for me to get past their 'Burger' page, but when I do, I'm never disappointed.
Then there's the taps (over a dozen plus a hand pump) with 3 or 4 'house regulars', while the remaining taps offer a thoughtfully assembled selection of craft-brewed and imported quaffs. If nothing's familiar or you can't decide, the friendly (DAYTIME) staff will gladly offer a taste before you select.
WXPN is on the sound system (unless certain PHL sports teams are playing a day game). Even so, what's not to like ???
Prompt service and good food. We sat out side because it was quieter. My wife enjoyed her linguini with chicken and had teriyaki spiced wings were good but a little salty. 
Next time I'll sample the beer and the turkey club.
McMenamin's has a good beer selection, and general bar food. I tend to go twice a week during the fall, but not any other times. When the place is busier, you definitely get slower service. They require that your entire group is there before they seat you. 

Overall, I will return to McMenamin's. The serving staff tends to be a little abrasive when it gets busy. They haven't done anything bad or wrong. They just haven't gone above and beyond to earn themselves more than a 3-star.
This place is money. Great beers that change weekly "17" and the food is fantastic. Best wings in philly hands down. Menu changes, professional bartenders. Solid chefs. Good music. Doesn't get much better than this place.
I actually went to this place based on the other review, and I agree with almost everything Lizzy A. wrote.  I totally tried the chicken tenders platter and WOW!  Seriously the best you'll ever have in your life.  Fish and chips were also similarly yum and included their crazy beer-battered fries.

Most importantly for many of us, our waiter was really knowledgeable about the beers they had on tap.  I told him I was hoping for some sort of mild-ish IPA and brought me a beer I thoroughly enjoyed.

Also important, this place hasn't been completely gentrified like NXNW across the street.  It still has a cool everybody who comes here lives in this neighborhood vibe and the faces of people in there reflect that.   

One guy even called out my boyfriend for "trying to steal" my bike lamp one night, which makes me like the place even more.
My boyfriend, of the McMenamin clan, kept raving about this joint and he loves, loves, loves it.  I was not sold, although I've been there a handful of times. 

Tonight we went there for the Flyers playoff game - a great vibe and is is perfect for sporting events and hanging out with friends.  The people are really friendly and is a good mix of locals and regulars.  I always meet people when I am in there and have good conversation.  At times it can be rightly crowded, but it's still a cozy atmosphere.  

The beer selection is quite varied but if you want a domestic, you'll have to have bottled.  They have a killer beer selection of Belgians, Germans, etc. for the beer snob.  They also have a fridge full of 25 oz. corked imports.  I don't think you will not be able to find something to your liking.  I am not a beer girl, per say, but I always try a new draft when I am there.  Great selection.

The waitstaff and 'tenders are attentive and the food comes quick.  It's clean. Typical pub fare or that's what I always get even though they always have some interesting sounding specials, but I think overall the menu is limited or basic.  The chcken tenders I had tonight were fresh but a tad greasy and the spicy fries - they were a bit heavy-handed with the spice.  

Overall, though - I can't say I have ever had a bad meal here.  I always have a good time and we keep coming back..
Mehhhh. I mean it was alright. The food was alright. The beers were good but the price was alright. The TVs were good but the placement was a bit odd. Lots of old timers. Not the most comfortable spot. Just seems like the old no frills beat up who cares whatever local pub. Not my style. Didn't hate it after a couple beers.
Good food ... Usually .... But today turkey burger not so spectacular .... Must be someone new working here 2/28/15.... Still love this place
OK let's get this out of the way, I love Greg, the bartender.  There I've said it! I've been here  a number of times, having had hummus (always great), calamari-YUMMO burger, fish special--TO DIE FOR.  Greg occasioonally becomes the mixologist and makes something fantastic.  It gets really busy and crowded which is the only true drawback for me since I hate people anymore.  It's reasonable and good food.  I'd make a stop if you are in the area.
I have been here 2 times, and I couldn't resist the fish and chips.  Pretty much the best I have had in a long while out here.  And very affordable.  Glad to work across the street!
Not a big fan.

I am happy they are family friendly, however there is no kids menu.  Maybe it was bad luck but the table was lopsided.  No drink specials (unless it is a weekday, then 4-6pm and that's impossible for me to get to).  

The food was just ok.  Not impressed and overall pricing was a little high for bar food.  Portions were big but I am ok with spending less and getting a little less.  Party of 3, with 3 draft beers and tip included, we spent about $90.  For $30 a person I feel like I can go elsewhere.
Love this place - solid neighborhood bar with excellent beer selection, solid variety of quality food, and great service. Every dish I've ever had here was very good, service always great, highly recommend.
These chicken fingers were delicious! 
Friendly service coupled with tasty beers and lots of laughs. I'll be back for more
Best in the 'hood!  If you don't want to load up on the fries, don't order them!  You'll be sorry...VERY addictive!  I love the spinach salad, usually w/feta, a fruit, walnuts, and raspeberry vinaigrette.  The burgers are excellent, but you might need to take half home..generous portions.  Entrees vary nightly/daily.  My husband likes the steaks, we both agree that the fish entrees are very satisfying...And I don't usually get the desserts because, I'm usually full from the meal.  They are, however, VERY tempting, and those we have tried, are "to die for"!...Added perk:  good place to run into friends and neighbors/aquaintances, as well as to meet folks new to Mt. Airy.  During the Eagles football season, you can be sure to find dedicated fans glued to the game that's on any of the monitors in the place!  Can be a bit noisy inside, but In the warm seasons, there's outdoor seating, where it is quieter.  LOVE being part of the McMenny's community!!
My local favorite!  Excellent pub grub, but also adventurous special soups, entrees and desserts.  Great array of beers, drafts, nitros and bottled. Short but good wine list.  The crowd is diverse and friendly and the service is cordial and brisk. Free parking lot next door.
A Cool, diverse watering hole in Mt Airy...

Great food
Reasonable prices
Nice waitstaff
Awesome beers
Interesting people

love this place.
Best bar out there. Staff is so so friendly and make everybody feel like it's their second home- they get to know your names and you know theirs. Crowd is perfect- really diverse and up beat- no matter who you are, they make you feel like it's your neighborhood bar. Food is AMAZING- never had a bad meal there and we go 4-5 times a month. he kitchen staff clearly only uses the best ingredients and have a ton of variety in the specials week in and out. Beer list is extensive and ever changing. I'm not a good enough writer to articulate how great this place is-whatever you're planning to do tonight cancel it and go here instead.
An affordable and yet delicious dinner. There are always several good IPAs on tap and you might find yourself singing along with the sound track and your soon to be new friend at the bar. The service is spotty and walks up to the edge of 'tude
My biggest regret in life is that it has taken me 6 months of living in Chestnut Hill to finally take a trip to McMenamin's. It was last Friday evening and I was in one of my infamous beef-craving moods. So, I proposed burgers and beer for dinner. The roommate agreed so the next question was one that I've struggled with multiple times: good old McNally's or try something new and head to McMenamin's. Unfortunately, McNally's doesn't make fries which I also happened to be hankering for so off to McMenamin's we headed. 
When we we walked in to McMenamin's there was a pretty decent crowd at the bar and tables by the front door so we did the very awkward "I've never stepped foot in this joint and have no idea where to go or what to do" thing. I quickly made eye contact with a bartender and asked if we could sit for dinner. He nicely responded to follow him to the back where he pointed out the beer menu while seating us. 
I know a little bit about beer since my brother is a huge beer snob so I quickly disregarded anything that ended in Stout and chose the Smithwicks Irish Ale...it was a great choice. 
As for food, my friend and I shared the beer battered fries which were awesome! They were so fresh and tasty that I barely even used ketchup (a rarity for me). Then the meat came. 10oz of perfectly medium-well beef with fried onions, bacon, provolone cheese and a side of homemade bbq sauce. Yum, Yum, Yum. Served with Ruffles chips and the heartiest (and I think homemade) deli pickles I've ever laid my eyes on. 
My favorite part: their burgers are 'build your own' so I've already made a running tab of the combos that I'm dying to get my hands on! 
All in all, great service, great beer, great burgers! Will definitely be back ASAP!
My two favorite things to get here are the buffalo wings, and the BLT.
The wings are extra saucy, and you can dictate the level of hot-ness.  As a self-proclaimed wing connoisseur, I can say their wings are one of the top of my list.  They are meaty, saucy, and juicy.  The problem with some wing places is that their wings can be literally puny with no meat on the bones.  OR they can over-fry and the meat is tough and dry.  These guys have the method down and it's perfect every time!!!  As for their BLT...well it's all about the bacon.  Thick slices of bacon and they do NOT cinch you on the bacon.  They fill it with so much bacon, they should call it the BBBBBLT.  Love it!
Greatest neighborhood bar! Hands down.  Friendly crowd. Excellent for watching sports. Kid friendly. The food is always delicious and the beer selection is fantastic. All the bar tenders are super friendly.
It was meh...just ok. The food is 'just okay' in general although the wings are usually really good. The waitstaff seems perpetually rushed and inattentive - I've had them forget things numerous times. To me, there is nothing really outstanding about it...I would just go when friends would want to go there, but I wouldn't choose it on my own.
Dark, diverse, with friendly wait staff and A+ selection of beers. This is my favorite local place to go with my boyfriend when all I want is a good beer and a burger and to catch up with friends.

They have a parking lot next to the building and if its crowded they have an extended seating area. Nothing but love here.
If your in mt. Airy and looking to eat this is your best option. Good pub style food. Their specials are usually pretty good. The best part is the beer selection. A good variety of beers for all tastes. Like many bars if your in for the food and not to drink be wary of ordering soda. It's always flat and not very good. Oh and keep in mind they use RC cola not coke or pepsi. I have been here several times and rate it a 3 because of inconsistancy, mostly in service.
