This place deserves 3.5 stars (come on yelp hint hint). We came here on a Sunday afternoon after the Chestnut Hill's petapalooza. When we walked up to it we weren't sure if it was open or closed since there are no windows or signage etc... When we open the door it seemed to be pitch black inside and it took a few moments for our eyes to adjust. This is most definitely a pub! Dark, wood, beer. 
   We ordered the schmitter which you totally must get if you've never had one before. My only wish is that they put an extra slice of salami. The combo of the salami, meat, onions, cheese, and thousand island dressing (at least that's what it tasted like to me) was really good and unlike anything I've had before. I wish that it came with fries but chips did the trick.
   Two smitters and two beers will set you back only $30. They had tv's playing a soccer match (that's a plus). My favorite part of the restaurant was a waitress/bartender. She was the sweetest most attentive woman. She made you feel like if you were in her home. You can tell she truly loves what she does. If we're ever in that area we'd stop by again.
Something is afoot in the universe. I'm worried that soon we're all going to be sucked into a black hole. Why? Because apparently I'm on a quest this week to subconsciously increase my ass size by at least 40%.

First, there was the cheesesteak I had for dinner the other night. And an enormous chocolate chip cookie for breakfast. Then, the fries with mayo I ate for lunch. Later, the other part of the cheesesteak I ate last night a few hours after eating some noodles and a Snickers Bar.

And today...once again...I heeded the siren song of the Schmitter.

I am full. I am drowsy. My belly feels like it's going to explode and my arteries are constricting as I type this. But do I regret it? Hellz no...in fact, there's still some on the plate in front of me, dripping that sweet sweet secret sauce and greasy goodness, and overflowing with sliced beef, cheese, fried onions, tomatoes and salami. I'll try to resist it, but I'm probably going to end up licking the plate.

When I think about it, it kinda feels like the morning after. And the trip to the kitchen to get rid of the scraps is going to be my own personal walk of shame.

But I liked it. I liked it a lot. And I'll totally do it again, too.
Ok, I'm a bit biased about McNally's and this is probably not a totally objective review.  You see I have known McNally's Tavern since I was a kid visiting Philadelphia (yes kids accompany their parents inside this pub). It's always been a presence in my life when I am in Philadelphia.  It stands right at the top of Chestnut Hill behind their famous green door and is a long-running institution in Chestnut Hill - for almost 100 years.  Though it faces competition from new and larger brewpubs like Iron Hill, there will always be a spot for McNally's.  One reason is their famous Schmitter sandwich which can only be found here and at the Phillies ballpark.  This is kinda like a steak sandwich on a Kaiser roll but with the addition of grilled salami, tomatoes, and a special sauce. If you want it a little spicier with some nice grilled pepperoni, the sandwich changes its name to a Tobias.  The house Chestnut Hill Lager Beer is a good one made for them by Lancaster Brewing Co.  The atmosphere is pub warm and friendly and the McNally family is still running this landmark after all these years.  When you're in Chestnut Hill, def stop by.
The Schmitter came up in a recent thread and as I happened to have had one Sunday I thought I'd revisit my review. 

Sunday, Bloody Sunday. Before our butts hit the bar stools I had ordered two Bloody Marys. They came to us in the larger royal pint glasses, made by a loving hand. This is good, because at $8 they aren't cheap. 

Next it was Schmitter time. What we have here, is, failure to moderate. A heaping amount of freshly roasted and sliced roast beef, with a few slices of grilled salami, onions, tomato, covered in melted cheese and finished with "special sauce" (which as near as I can tell is thousand island and mayo, but with out the pickles in the island part...) This is then packed on and served in possibly the best kaiser roll I've ever had.

I don't know if it was the sandwich, the bloody mary, or the fact that the Flyers were up 5-0 on the Rangers...but I thought for a moment I was dreaming.
I'll just get right down to the nitty-gritty!

Go to McNally's Tavern.
Order the Schmitter sandwich.
Enjoy the badass sandwich.
Check it off your sandwiches bucket-list. 

Yes, the Schmitter is made with traditional sliced, grilled steak, and melted cheese.
However, it's not a cheesesteak. 
The steak is served on a toasted Kaiser roll, not a hoagie, with fried onions, tomato, and grilled salami (which I opted not to have) and topped with the Schmitter sauce, that what makes it the ultimate perfect sandwich.

Four Yelps.
I'm in love.  I had a whole eloquent review ready last night, but I didn't want to disrupt my zen by getting on the computer and distracting myself from just appreciating the feeling that all was right with the world.  And it was all thanks to McNally's.  It's a tiny little bar.  And it's definitely a bar.  They serve sandwiches, prime rib, etc.  Real food.  For real people.  That enjoy eating at a bar.  Don't get me wrong, it's not a college bar.  There are plenty of families eating at the 8-10 tables and the counter.  And more than a few regulars eating at the bar.  

The first thing you notice when you walk in is how accurate it is to call it a Tavern.  It's everything you would imagine when you think of the word tavern.  And it's genuine.  It wasn't built 20 years ago to resemble a tavern.  This place is the real deal, from the wood rafters to the metal beer mugs hanging from them to the bartender, built like Gaston from Beauty and the Beast.

We grabbed a couple beers and sat at the two-seater counter in the very front.  The bartender took care of us all night, and my husband was thrilled to get a Guiness the right way.  I don't know the details of Guiness enough to know what the right way is, but apparently they did it.  I took him there for the Schmitter, so he didn't even need to look at the menu, and I got a bacon cheeseburger, planning on sharing both.  They cook all of their meats each day for their sandwiches, and they grind their beef daily.  The cheeseburger made me embarassed to have ever said that the Bruschetta burger at Bennigan's was the best burger I had ever tasted.  It was unbelievable.  The bacon was cooked like it was going to be served on its own, not flat and dead like most bacon that is going to be placed on a burger.  It was crispy and curly and perfect.  And the meat was out of this world.

And the Schmitter.  Oh the Schmitter.  You can get them at quite a few places these days, including the Linc and Citizens Bank Park.  I'm sure they are good at those places, but at McNally's it isn't just a sandwich.  It's an experience.  The meat, the cheese, the onions, the tomato, the sauce...  It all combines to this one moment of utter perfection as it hits your taste buds.  Some people call it a cheesesteak.  Some people call it a sandwich.  All I know is I've never experienced anything like it before.  Ever.

You have to be 21 to sit at the bar, but they have a few tables and a counter, too.  It was pretty busy when we got there at like 6:30 and got busier as the hour and a half or so went on, so give yourself time to wait for a spot.
I think some people either love this place, and some people hate it.  I for one, am really not a fan.  The food wasn't THAT great, and outside of the one thing that they are known for (The Schmitter), everything else is pretty horrendous.  

I agree that this place is sort of the "Cheers" in the neigborhood where everyone seems to know each  other, but I do not agree that they are just as friendly to newcomers.  I was a newbie and the guy behind the bar was completely rude when i was asking questions like, "does it come with fries?"  As if I should have KNOWN that though most other places serve fries with their sandwiches or entrees, THIS PLACE doesn't have a fryer so they don't do that.  

It's just too snobby for a dive atmosphere bar.  You want good food, and friendly faces?   Go to Campbell's place.  Never has let me down.
This is a great bar that serves really good sandwiches. It's a bit hard to find. It doesn't have a sign. It is a great melting pot of humanity. The regulars are old money main line and chestnut hill folks and then you have the hipsters and frat looking preppy guys and the gentrified Mt. Airy crowd. They all come for the cool vibe and reasonable food. I like the rare roast beef but I don't eat so much meat anymore, but if I did....
Echoing the sentiments of all the other reviews on this page - the Schmitter might be the greatest sandwich ever constructed. 

I first experienced the Schmitter when I first moved to Chestnut Hill 6 years ago. I was out for a run late at night when two college aged "dudes" asked me where "that famous sandwich place is." I had no idea what they were talking about, but since most everything worth a damn in Chestnut Hill is at "the top of the hill" that's the direction I pointed them in. 

The next day, I did a Google search for "Chestnut Hill - Famous Sandwich" and found the McNally's page. 

Anyone who has been to this place knows why I didn't know about it before my chance frat-boy encounter -- the restaurant has no sign on the front of it. Just a big green door with a small brass plaque on the front. A feature that I find very, very cool... 

Long story long, the Schmitter is such a good sandwich that I crave it CONSTANTLY. 

That said, a sandwich comprised of cheesesteak, salami, fried onions, fried tomatoes and thousand island dressing isn't exactly the type of food you can eat each day so I have made a deal with myself that I am only allowed to get a Schmitter when I have guests in from out of town. So, if you're not from Philadelphia and you're looking for a place to stay - let me know. I haven't had a house guest in a few months, so I am jonesing to get Schmit-faced. 

Except on special event days (Chestnut Hill Arts Festival, etc), McNally's offers a "regular" Schmitter, which comes on a kaiser roll and a "large" Schmitter, which has double meat and is served on a standard Amoroso hoagie roll. Always, ALWAYS get the large it is SOOO worth the calorie count. I can easily down two larges in one sitting (and then not eat for another week). 

Mad props for "The Dickens" sandwich too - imagine all the best things about Thanksgiving crammed into a kaiser roll - Turkey, Stuffing, Cranberry Sauce. They roast, and carve the turkey on location so the place always smells amazing. The only thing that could make the Dickens better would be a big side of gravy to dip it in. I make this suggestion for two reasons. 1. the sandwich is made with white breast meat, which is almost always dry (not a jab at McNally's, white meat in general is dry) and 2. gravy is just awesome (and something that I, and many others, would probably pay extra for). 

Have stopped here for take-out beer on occasion as well. Skip that unless there are no other options - the take out selection is pretty small and is kind of expensive. Check out the Trolley Car Diner (and my review) at the other end of the Hill for their (amazing) build-your-own six pack selection. 

In conclusion, skip Pat's and Geno's, forget about the roasted pork sandwich... if you want a life-changing sandwich experience the next time you are in Philadelphia, swing by Chestnut Hill (a really beautiful neighborhood full of GIGANTIC old stone houses) for a Schmitter. It'll blow your mind. 

P.S. Please, please god... let the McNally's staff read the part about gravy for the Dickens.
CCOD is a real problem here.  What's that you ask?  It stands for Caloric and Cholesterol Over Dose and is what happens when you inhale a Schmitter.  Its major symptoms are glazed eyes and a silly smile.  Thank God McNally's doesn't have a fryer.  If this wonderful sandwich was served with French fries the death toll would be enormous.

McNally's has another problem.  The aforementioned sandwich is served with special Schmitter Sauce.  When you eat this sandwich it's everywhere and getting it off your cell phone is a real bear.  So many people trade in these less than attractive phones that the local Sprint store calls them Schmitter phones.

Despite these problems this is one great place to have a sandwich a beer.  The atmosphere is great and the people are especially friendly.  Speaking of beer, this is really not a craft beer place.  You'll find a few good microbrews but nothing exotic.

If I'm within a few miles of Chestnut Hill my stomach starts to growl and my internal GPS just aims me for here.
THE SCHMITTY. Although the portions seem small, the flavor is BIG. My only complaint was that there was too much secret sauce, but otherwise, delicious. Especially with the slaw side.

Strong drinks too. Had an Irish coffee to warm up from the cold walk in and was definitely feeling good by the time we sat down. 

Small space, but we were able to get a corner table in the back and have relatively good privacy and even good service. Takes card. Parking is kind of hard to find in the area, but the neighborhood is cute!
This place is the classic small whole in the wall with great beer and awesome sandwiches. My fiance and I saw this place on an Instagram account known for finding great food spots around the Philadelphia area. Once we saw this place pop up, we knew we had to come.

First of all, it took us a few minutes to find this place  because there was no sign outside and there is another bar right next door that we were getting it mixed up with. However, we eventually found our way in (asked the bartender if we were in the right place) and sat at the bar. We ended up ordering a chicken Cheesesteak with fried onions and a schmitter. We divided it up half each. I've had the Schmitter one time before drunkenly at a Phillies game but wasn't in the clearest state of mind to judge it. This sandwich was much better than I remembered! Now, the chicken Cheesesteak.... This is a controversial statement but I live within walking distance of Dalessandros, I've eaten cheesesteaks from Mama's pizzeria, Steve's prince of steaks, Joe's steaks on castor ave, so I've got experiences with cheesesteaks. This CHICKEN cheesesteak was the best chicken cheesesteak I've ever had (I can't judge the beef cheesesteak because I didn't get it here). The bartender told us that it's made of real chicken (not chicken steak) that they marinate and chop up themselves. All I know is this chicken Cheesesteak was legit!

Although we were each really full after that, we couldn't resist the temptation of dessert after hearing the different cake choices. We decided to get a piece of the chocolate cake which looks like just an ordinary piece of chocolate cake... Wrong. This cake was delicious too. We were told it is a homemade recipe with traces of coffee that helps to cut the sweetness. Whatever they did they succeeded because this cake was nice and moist and not overly sweet like your typical cakes. We each really enjoyed it! 

Needless to say, we'll be back... And we'll bring friends!
This place is a Chestnut Hill institution, or so I have read.  There aren't a lot of good places to hang out at night in Chestnut Hill, which is quite odd.  It should have multiple vibrant night spots, but it doesn't.  Too bad; but McNally's, I guess for many locals, is more than enough.   It's a no-nonsense bar with great draught beers and solid food.  The atmosphere is convivial and the staff is friendly.  I had the Schmitter, which is their signature sandwich.  Frankly, I don't get it.  It's just kind of generic and okay, but I'm definitely a when-in-Rome guy.  Next time, I'll go with another choice.  They looked a lot more appetizing.  But I'm kvetching.  This place is about conversation, watching the Phillies lose to the Mets for the second night in a row, and hoisting back pints with friends.  

Maybe Chestnut Hill doesn't need more places like this.  McNally's has been fitting the bill forever and they show no signs of slowing down.   

ps--no deep fryer, hence no fries, onion rings, etc.  It doesn't make the place Weight Watchers friendly, but it might save you an angioplasty someday.
Chestnut Hill is one of the last places I would think of when I'm looking for something good to eat (or a place to shop, or hang out, etc), due to its stunning lack of good eateries. McNally's is different.
To me the cheese stake cannot hold a candle to their signature and trademarked sandwich Schmitter, a magically delicious combination of "Sliced beef with extra cheese, fried onions, tomato, salami and our Schmitter Sauce on a flash-broiled Kaiser roll."
Wow - if it didn't mean they would have to move me around with a forklift, I'd eat this every day. They also have a good selections of beer on tap, I recommend the Hoegarden, to offset the sandwich. I also have it on good sources that they have a freshly baked chocolate cake made by the owner's wife, I have not had the chance to try it yet.
So, if your stuck in the hill, and you need some hardcore calories and a good beer, it doesn't get better than McNally's.
McNally's Tavern is a small bar located at the top of Chestnut Hill with great food and a good draft beer selection.  There is parking available on the street, but I am not a fan of leaving my car on the street so other people can play bumper cars with it.  If you go around behind McNally's Tavern on Rex Avenue and turn onto Hilltop Road, there is a Philadelphia run parking lot on the left where you pay the machine by the little hut in the parking lot and stick the paper in your windshield so you don't get a ticket.  I decided to come here with my girlfriend on the drive home from town as I was looking to have a Schmitter for a while now.  The last time I was here was years ago and my girlfriend didn't even know the place existed anyway, so that had to change.  The other thing I noticed is that we couldn't visibly see where McNally's Tavern was when we first drove by on Germantown Avenue, so at first I was confused if it was still even open, but finally we found it after parking and walking by the door.

We arrived in the mid-afternoon hours, so the bar was pretty empty with only a few other people there.  We decided to sit at the bar over the tables for obvious reasons.  The bartender was very friendly and I decided to have a Golden Monkey on tap while my girlfriend had a Stella Artois.  The Golden Monkey on tap was very good and my girlfriend enjoyed her Stella.  After waiting for my girlfriend to debate what she wanted on the menu, we both ended up getting Schmitters.  I ordered the cole slaw and she got the chips, this way we could have both.  The Schmitters were piping hot upon arrival at the bar, fresh off of the grill that you could visibly see right from the bar or tables.  Once they cooled a tiny bit to our acceptabilities of heat, we chowed down on them as they were as delicious as we expected with the smell and taste that resembles a cheesesteak but with a complete different turnoff by the special sauce and other toppings.  This sandwich is definitely a Philadelphia icon for a reason and should remain on the top list of foods to try while in Philadelphia.

Overall, McNally's Tavern provided a great experience for my girlfriend and I.  We will definitely be back after reviewing a handful of other places in the area that we haven't reviewed or tried yet.
As bars go McNally's is great pub to grab some real food so I give it 5 stars based on small corner bars go.  I've heard people say it's too snooty for a dive bar and too dumpy for a upscale bar (I guess because it's in an upscale area then it's expected to be upscale).  Well if you're in these camps then you're just ignorant about bars.  McNally's is neither a dive bar or an upscale bar.  Nope, it's just a real, old fashioned corner bar that's been around in the same family for many generations.  What's that mean?  It means the food is just the way it was for many decades and the proof is in the pudding.  

I've had the Schmitter which is really yummy but not my favorite in the place.  Believe it or not they have an awesome cheesesteak.  The meat they use is really a good quality steak (not too thin but not too thick and also not too fatty but just right).  When you get the sandwich it has this extra crispiness to it that you normally don't get with a cheesesteak and to me that's what makes it unique.  Personally I think they have one of the best cheesesteaks in Phillly.  They don't have a fryer but that's not a bad thing.  They may have a limited menu but they've turned it into a positive by using homemade foods that aren't frozen and tastes like home.  Also, since they don't have a fryer you won't get that fryer grease that persists in most small bars floating in the air infiltrating everything in the place giving it a greasy-spoon atmosphere.  Nope this is just like mom's kitchen if she happened to have a really really old kitchen with a bar in it.  That's what makes McNally's special and that's why you should go.
After a hard day there's nothing like the sweet, sweet taste of a Schmitter. Seriously. Nothing. 

Imagine what you like best in this world. Got it? OK, The Schmitter is better than that, whatever your "special something" is.

Honestly, I don't even know what the hell was on that sandwich. But it was the best friggin' thing I've ever eaten in my life. Better than any 5 star restaurant in the city, better than any high-concept dining experience you will ever have. 

I could make sweet, sweet love to The Schmitter all night long and have no regrets the next day. A bigger ass, maybe, but definitely no regrets.
This place is a small, hole in the wall type establishment that has been around for ages and only recently actually put a sign out front. It's that kind of place. The kind that has a following of loyal neighborhood customers who know what they like and get it regularly. 

If you come here, know that you will need to try their classic, the Schmitter. The rest of the menu is...how do i say...boring sounding? That is far from the case when it comes to how their food tastes--most of what we've tried is good! But their menu is pretty basic and the general food does not have much description. Honestly, their menu kind of confuses me...I usually feel uninspired to try anything on it outside of the usual just because of the layout. My husband is a loyal fan of the Schmitter and has brought many people here just for the purposes of partaking in the indigestion inducing grease comma that accompanies this sammy. I, for one, am a fan of their Chicken Cheese steak or Chicken Ceaser salad (which is a very large portion). We recently had their stuffed meatloaf with mashed potatoes which was really good. I ordered the beef barley soup which was not that great, just overall lacking in flavor. Our server was really nice and picked up on the fact that I wasn't feeling the soup and offered to take it off the bill even though I told her that was not necessary.
This is a great place for chilly days and nights, very cozy and they serve very hearty warming food.  I'm not much of a meat person but their 
Schmitter sandwich and the Tobias are so delicious and quite filing.  Picture saucy, meaty, grilled to perfection and you've got the Tobias.  The prices are very reasonable and the crowd is a nice mix of families and old and young people.  It seems like a real pub atmosphere for locals but still welcoming to those that are not from Chestnut Hill.  It is not very clearly marked on the street, so if you plan to go you will have trouble spotting it from the car.
Best sandwich ever; I say without hesitation that given the ultimatum to choose between the cheesesteak and the Schmitter for eternity, goodbye cheesesteak.  They take the steak, melted cheese, and fried onions we all know and love then add grilled salami, tomato, and secret sauce to create taste bud nirvana.  Staff tell me they had to copyright the sandwich as their culinary invention was being ripped off left and right; now the Phillies and Eagles serve up Schmitters in their respective ball parks.  Combine the ultimate sandwich with great beers on tap (Guinness, Harp, Lager and more) and pleasant service all in a small clean comfortable bar and the McNally family will continue to thrive on top of the hill.  

If for some reason anyone in your party doesn't want a Schmitter they serve prime rib every Monday and Crab cakes every Friday; I hear these are excellent but I don't look at the menu here anymore.
I didn't want to give 5 stars b/c I always think there has to be room for improvement - but I don't know where they would improve! Let's face it - we're NOT talking DIET food here folks. I've heard the SCHMITTER (which is WHY one eats here) comes in at about 900 calories. Yes, it IS worth it, once in awhile you just have to have a Schmitter b/c there is nothing like it.  The service is ALWAYS SUPER. You can't get service friendlier than this place. Patrons are nice too - I remember the first time we came here - "regular customers" coached us on what to order (schmitter, of course) and HOW to eat it (there's a "secret").  Mrs. McNally makes HOME-MADE cakes and schleps them to the tavern for tasty delicious enjoyment. Seriously - HOME-MADE -- not "made on premises"....but made in a HOME, for real - WHERE do you get THAT???........with that said -- the bathrooms are a little tricky & maybe we could see improvement there... but really - i think that may be part of the experience (charm?) - finding the bathrooms in the belly of the restaurant - thru the storage room..... across from the washer & dryer - I kid you not! stop reading this & go to McNally's...........enjoy :)
I really enjoyed the no-nonsense atmosphere of this place for dinner on Saturday night.  It's definitely packed at meal times, so plan on early or 8pm or after dinner if you don't want to wait.

We sat at the bar, had $5 draft beer, and split a Schmitter and a Dickens.  Don't forget to ask for the hot peppers and pickles!  They take the Schmitter (others have described it better) up that extra notch.  The Dickens was a turkey, stuffing, and cranberry style sandwich that was devoured as quickly as possible.  

Even chatted with the guy next to us at the bar for a short time - definitely a fun local hang out.
Two words: The Schmitter.

S is for salami (Hatfield brand, of course)
C is for cheese (white American)
H is for the "H" in ketchup (a "special sauce" ingredient)
M is for meat (specifically, thin-sliced roast beef)
I is for the "I" in onion
T is for tomato (thick-sliced)
T is for the "T" in Worcestershire (another "special sauce" ingredient)
E is for the "Es" in mayonnaise and relish (more "special sauce" ingredients)
R is for the roll (kaiser, flash-broiled)

Lesson for the day: The term Schmitter does not refer to legendary Philadelphia Phillies third baseman and Major League Hall-of Famer, Mike Schmidt. The sandwich was invented around 1966 by Hugh McNally, Jr., who was running McNally's at the time; it was named after a customer, Dennis Krenich, who always drank Schmidt's beer, so he was known as Schmitter.
Right before I was leaving to move back to the East coast, a friend in SF told me about this place. She said that I had to try The Schmitter. It only took me 2-1/2 years, but I finally got to try one :)

First off, you just have to love the area. Super cute shops, delicious restaurants, easy parking and this awesome local bar. As we walked in you kind of felt at home and comfortable. Pretty small bar, with a couple of tables, and not a ton of sunlight coming in. Everyone in there seemed to know everyone else. We were the two out-of-towners, but they were friendly enough. 

Great beer selection. Easy menu with not a whole lot of fuss. The Schmitter was well worth the wait. It was huge and drippy with delicious sauce, mouth watering grilled meats & onions..it seriously was just a fantastic sando.
A haiku for McNally's

Chestnut Hill heaven
Your menu is all I crave
Small tavern big love

What a find! I must have walked past this place two or three times. It is so small and really not much of a sign to speak of. Luckily as I walked past, the door swung open and I saw it was packed to the gills! I thought, "Hell, these people must know something..." and I went in. Oh man was I right. From the moment I started stalking the bar for a stool I could see these gorgeous burgers, sandwiches, cheese steaks, etc. Each obviously made with much love. If you've read any of my other posts, I am a big believer in food being made with love...

I choose the Peter Rabbit- which is a mound of grilled salami, melted provolone, and spicy mustard on a fresh roll. I had them add some lettuce and tomatoes (how I roll) and it was damn good! The girl I struck up a conversation with riding solo next to me had what appeared to be one damn fine bacon cheese burger. My sandwich and a pint of Sam Adams Oktoberfest (also how I roll) came to $13, which sounds high but when food is this fresh and good it's worth it.

This may be a weekly stop!

Pros: Great menu, casual environment. I sat right in front of the grill area and every ingredient looked fresh and in fact I believe I read that they roast a new ham, turkey, and beef roast every morning! That's some serious love baby.

Cons: Tiny place, so don't count on walking right in and getting sat, no matter the size of your party. 

Get your ass over there...and save a seat for me. :)
I love hole in the wall bars. Especially ones that have pewter mugs hanging from the walls, and those big wooden beer barrels behind the bar. This place has been around for a hundred years. And they know how to serve a beer and sandwich. This isn't your highschool senior serving you, it's his mom. They know what they are doing back there. I'm don't know who invented the schmitter, but they are pure genius. I would have never thought that combination of meat would make one so happy. 
Very small place, but you eat and go. They have little tvs, but not the best to hang for the game. I think it would be a great place to take a date. It's a great test of character.
So I've heard rumors about the Original "Schmidter"for years and today was finally the day I got to eat one.  All I can say is "WOW!" This sandwich and this bar more than lived up to its reputation.  

I must mention that the service was great as well.  A few buddies and I sat at the bar and enjoyed our casual conversation with the bartender.
Excellent local tavern.

Came for the food based solely on the yelp photos. Did not disappoint. 

Ordered the famed schmitter, with a few extras within the sandwich (mushroom, pickles, peppers, and lettuce). It's possible to have it on the side, but you gotta eventually place it in sandwich yourself anyway. Simply an amazing sandwich, it's gluttony embodied in sandwich form. 

The dickens, was ordered with pickles and peppers on the side, ended up laboring it in ourselves. Another great sandwich. Reminds you of the day after Thanksgiving (for me childhood with my mom during the holiday) where you gotta make leftover sandwich. Turkey, stuffing and cranberry. 

Food is good when apt comparisons include raw emotions lol

Service was great, open kitchen where sandwich is prepared, comfortable seating and great vibe. 

Beers include mostly Pennsylvania stuff (victory, yeungling,etc), I'm from NY, was hoping there was some lesser seen stuff or beers not imported into NY.
I really like it here.  You step in off the sidewalk and it takes your eyes a minute to adjust.  This is good because you really need to stand there and take it all in.  The old bar, the old bottles on the back bar, the creaky wooden floors and all the people.  The good part is that not only is the staff extremely nice...but the people that eat and drink here are as well.  It's a great vibe to be a part of.  

I'm guilty of saying I've only had one item on their menu...the Schmitter.  I'm not going to delve into what's on it as that's easy enough to figure it out.  Suffice it to say that I have a shirt with the build for the sandwich on the back of it...I guess you could say I'm obsessed.  

So stop in, grab a cold beer at the bar and a Schmitter....and I also hear their cake is a great way to finish off the meal...
Still one of my favorite places to go for soup and sandwiches. I love that this place is family owned. 
Very friendly, fast and offer tasty food!!
McNally's is my favorite place to eat in Chestnut Hill. Chestnut Hill needs to up their food game, but McNally's is my saving grace when I want good food in Chestnut Hill. They have consistently good food for reasonable prices. Their sandwiches are great! I've tried their chicken cheesesteak, which was amazing! This was before I fell in love with the famous SCHMITTER! Yas, it is delicious! If you've been to Innout, it taste like the animal style burger. I have yet to destroy the Schmitter in one sitting. They have a good beer selection. It has a nice, chill dive bar-type feel to it, which i love. It has also been around forever, so it has a piece of history to it too.
Small locals spot in the cute area of Chestnut Hill. Famous for the "Schmitter" sandwich. I get it with  the sauce on the side. Roast beef sandwich & the grilled chicken sandwich with house made honey mustard are excellent. No fries here..chips or coleslaw on the side. House made cakes for dessert. Enjoy! Super small spot but worth the wait.
My main experience with McNally's is getting Schmitters at the ball park, which are generally very good.  During the off season we decided to check out the original, and paid a visit to the hard-to-find bar in Chestnut Hill.  The place was packed, with minimal seating and a large crowd in the "waiting area".  We were able to get a seat at the bar with no wait, and ordered our schmitters with the customary Blue Moon.  It was so incredibly good.  My husband added bacon to his and said he might now be ruined for schmitters at the ball park it was so good.  He would also occasionally pause mid-chew to tell us we were stupid to not have added bacon to our schmitters.  I would be interested in trying some of the other menu options the next time we go back, but it's hard to resist the call of the Scmitter.
Great place for a comfort meal.  I like the Schmitter but a couple a year is all my heart can handle.  The homemade soups are consistently enjoyable.  There's nothing better than spending a winter afternoon, downing a Smithwicks or two, watching them put together a soup!
Schmitter is the bomb!!!
I hate almost all kinds of sandwiches in this world. 
But Schmitter is just addictive. Thank you Schmit!!! My taste buds bless you!!!
Neighborhood bar that is home to the Schmitter Sandwhich, which is awesome. Good drinks as well, but the Schmitter is the star along with variations on the Schmitter like the Tobias. Coming here reminds me of the show Cheers because it seems everyone knows each other at McNallys. Now the regular cheesesteak being served on a kaiser roll is what keeps this place from being 5 stars. You just can't do something like that here in Philly!
hands down the best bar food i've tried in philly. i judge a bar by its burger. if a bar has premade frozen patties its off my list. all i look for is just good beef, fresh roll, crisp toppings, pickles and cooked to the right temp. mcnallys has all this (+ crabcake specials, prime rib, grilled cheese, a soup calendar +++homemade carrot cake)!

what more could a girl ask for from a bar menu?
Closest thing to a real English pub local in a village that you'll find in the US. The decor is not faux English pub, there are no overstuffed chairs, there are sports on TV, BUT the feel of this family-owned pub is as good as the best pubs, and friendly to newcomers too. I love introducing people to this gem.
This is the anti-Chestnut Hill, Chestnut Hill icon, with its iconic sandwich, the schmitter.  A gloriously gluttonous heaping of heart attack on a bun, I loved every delicious morsel.  The place is tiny, and unless you know where it is, you're likely to miss it as it doesn't really have a sign.  But once you're in, you'll feel right at home.  

It's warm and cozy and the servers are fun, friendly, and attentive.  They have a good selection of beers on tap and just a great vibe. Amongst all the other cute, adorable, or swanky places on Chestnut Hill's main strip, this is the hole-in-the-wall beacon of low-key hope.  They'll also card you in the middle of the day and go on and on about how young you look.  You'll totally be smiling for the rest of the day!
every so often, we would hold a business lunch here and the damn schmitter would be there mocking me...i won't go into details about exactly what goes into a schmitter 
(as others have done a fab job of describing it), but i will tell you that it is a rite of passage on the hill and is the sloppy-delicious kind of sandwich that once you wrap your mitts around it, you won't be able to put the darn thing down until you are finished and your fingers are dripping - you probably want to limit yourself to one a year though

great little neighborhood joint
Get the Tobias™.

Everyone knows McNally's Tavern as the Home of The Schmitter®, but don't be afraid to try some other items on the menu. For instance, the other sandwich worthy of trademarking is the Tobias™ -- for $9.45 you get: grilled beef, fried pepperoni & salami, provolone cheese, fried onions, tomato & special sauce on a Kaiser roll. After you get sick of that, try something with their roasted turkey. The sandwiches come with a handful of chips and are served on clear plate stolen from Sizzler's Salad Bar.

Expect a short wait when you get there. The bar will probably be full of locals, so you'll need to wait near the door. Parking is a pain, just take the first spot you find and walk.
So the schmitter is glorious, an amazing sandwich, but sometimes its just too much to eat for dinner.  I was at McNally's and I looked at the table next to me, and a woman was eating a salad, with what appeared to be a cheesesteak on top.  I asked, and in fact, it was a salad with cheesesteak on top.  This salad has since become one of my favorite foods.  The perfect balance of greens and glutton.  This salad (and for most the schmitter) is worth the drive to Chestnut HIll.
I know it's repetitive at this point, but if you live in the area, or are just passing through, and haven't been to McNally's Tavern for a Schmitter, you need to do so asap!  Yes, they sell them at the baseball stadium, and yes, other places have tried to copy this sandwich, but nothing is ever as good as the real thing!  It is hard to explain why, but the Schmitter really is that good.  If you can stop bye on a game night, grab a drink and a Schmitter and you'll find yourself in heaven.

I've also heard great things about The Dickens, so if you've had your fair share of Schmitters, this is a good second option.  With so much great bar food, the one thing that I was disappointed to find out is that they don't have a fryer, which means no wings.  Nothing else to complain about. The place is great.  If you are in the area, definitely give McNally's and the Schmitter a try!
Popped in here while in town for a day trip not knowing its history or anything else about it. Tiny pub with just a few tables and seating at the bar which is where we sat. We were the only strangers in there but felt welcome. Decent tap list and cocktail menu. Bartender accommodating but not a chatty chap. Seems like everyone there knew each other which says a lot as there was a wait for the few tables in there. Kids present and well behaved. They obviously knew their  way to the unique bathroom in the basement. Worth the trip down there to wait in the stockroom and check out all the food supplies on the shelves and it was spot on clean. Might be a little scary for an older person to trek down the stairs but rails on both sides to keep you from falling. Back to the food. Excellent sandwich, soup and burger list and the prices were beyond reasonable. Ordered the Schmidtter which was amazing and a turkey club that was stacked high with bacon and thick red ripe tomato slices. Excellent. Two of the best sandwiches we have ever had and the cole slaw was great also.  Kitchen area is right there behind the bar so you can watch everything being made. Didn't get to try the crab soup as they were out but heard it was wonderful. Will certainly be back...
As much as I love the schmitter, I love the Tobias even more. It's basically the schmitter with pepperoni. The dickens is a great option for those of us who can't get enough of thanksgiving
Ah! I haven't reviewed McNally's yet? That's a crime.

Truth be told, I've only come here for one thing: Schmitters. The Schmitter is quickly rising on its way to being my favorite sandwich ever. And here, at McNally's the birthplace, they do it amazingly well. The McNally's at the ball park barely comes close.

Generally speaking, the food and beer at this place is pretty cheap. For the most part, it's just a great neighborhood bar. As an outsider to that neighborhood, it's their specialty sandwich that makes it worth the hike to me. I know I owe it to myself to try something else there. I think next on my list would probably be "The Dickens" -- their Thanksgiving-themed turkey sandwich served all year long.
The SCHMITTER. That's it. Nuf said. Delicious. Filling. 
Nice staff. Good beer. 
I sat for hours enjoying my company with good food and drink. If I didn't have work I would have stayed longer and I'll definitely be back. 

The place is a little small and a little dark but it's an old tavern and the vibe is good. Definitely check it out.
Great Saturday stop!   Crew is awesome.  Especially Fred!   Chocolate cake is homemade & delicious!!!
Yummmm!  I don't eat meat 362 days of the year.  On one of the 3 that I do I went to McNallys.  I was ready to order one of the few vegetarian options when my husband said, "What are you doing?  You have to get a schmitter!" So I did and, wow, was it tasty!  We had a disagreement about whether it was roast beef or chip steak.  I say roast beef.  It was good, whatever it was, and made better by the grilled salami and awesome toppings.  Fried onions, warm tomatoes, cheese and special sauce (thousand island?).  I added pickles and hot peppers to mine.  I know I'll probably never eat it again...hmmm, well maybe I will ;-)
Used to love the Schmitter but the one I had was so salty it was like eating a salt lick. Great flavor and sandwich but way too salty. Overall the sandwiches are very good with fresh ingredients. Don't ask for any changes though. The waitress gave us an outright "No" to have something else on the side saying "the chef doesn't like any changes and we want to keep him."  I would have thought customers come first.
Love the grilled ham/cheese, and the green salad with pepper corn dressing.  Great service and prices too.
Tried the Schmitter. Definitely recommend. Seating is a little tight, but the service is good and fast.
I must Honestly say that I am EXTREMELY!!! EXTREMELY!!! Overjoyed that decided on this place today....Fabulous, Absolutely....Everything is Great from service to food excellence, fabulous
I've been coming to Mcnallys my whole life. Every time I'm there it is just as good as the time before. This place yells consistency. Staff is friendly, Service is great. Atmosphere is cozy, and the food is a knock out. Some of my favorites there are the chili, coconut cake and how can I not mention the schmitter. It is as classic as the Philly cheesesteak!  Named after former Phillies third baseman Mike Schmidt. This is a Chestnut Hill staple. It is truly a gem.
This place looks like a dark little pub, but OMG the food!! We were here on a food tour, and I don't eat red meat, so no schmitter for me... However, they made me a g.b.s. sandwich (a vegetarian version of the schmitter) and it was probably the best sandwich I've had in a long time. We'll be back for sure.
Doesn't get more Chestnut Hill than McNally's. Kind of hidden in plain sight, those unaware that behind the nondescript green door is a warm, comfortable, and friendly local favorite. Wood bar, wood paneling, wood floor, wood captains chairs - old school tavern.  Great rotating soups, solid sandwiches (fresh turkey on a Kaiser, BLTs) steak sandwiches, and the original Schmitter.  Always a lively crowd, mostly locals, and lots of laughter. Coming here is a treat and can get very cramped but that's the charm.
This place was pretty good, but my particular meal was just OK.  My boyfriend really enjoyed his Schmitter and the carrot cake was insanely delicious.  They had some crab/corn chowder that was also very good.

I had a burger which was just OK and it came with chips, which for dinner, is not particularly my preference.  I wanted to get one of their specialties, but the Schmitter was a little too fatty for me - several meats, cheese, thousand island-like sauce.  And The Dickens pairs cranberry and turkey, which I really hate, so I just stuck with a plain ol' burger.  The beer selection on tap was also surprisingly underwhelming for a pub.

The thing that was strange for me was that we went at 9:30 on a Friday night and there was barely anyone around.  It was the strangest thing ever.  It seemed like the kind of place that would be hoppin' but the bar itself was relatively empty.  Also they were also rockin' some terrible pop music from a radio at the bar.  I believe Miley Cyrus came on at some point.  Service - just aight.  Very slow to bring the bill, but very friendly.

So my bottom line is - go for a lunch sammie, get the Schmitter if you have low cholestrol to start, or go on a Sunday afternoon to watch the Eagles and grab a low key beer.
Quite honestly, if Guy Fieri went here, I probably would not have visited, since I really cannot trust his show since he does back flips for everything, bad and good. But since Todd Fisher of United States of Bacon fame is more reliable and less [or not] blinged-out I trust him more.
I visited McNally's over Memorial Day weekend and was very pleased. My Schmitter was interesting and excellent as advertised along with pickles and the chopped Pennsylvania-style cole slaw. I was surprised how small McNally's is, but then again it's been there forever and people were smaller back then!! It's a real neighborhood place in a real neighborhood in the classy Chestnut Hill section of Philadelphia. If you go, don't forget the homemade chocolate cake!!
First off, this place is so overrated.  It's a small crowded place with no waiting area really.  Walked in and it's dark.  They didn't have a greeter or hostess which was fine.  We finally tracked down a waitress and gave her our name.  Waited for 25 minutes for a table at 1:30pm on a Saturday.  We both ordered their famous sandwich "The Schmitter" $10.  The sandwich was sliced beef with extra cheese, fried onions, tomato, grilled salami and Schmitter sauce on a flash-broiled Kaiser roll.  The salami tasted like ham instead of ham.  The beef was overcooked.  The Schmitter sauce tasted and looked like Thousand Island dressing.  The side of peppers we requested were much needed to give the sandwich flavors.  We had Cole slaw instead of chips.  Cole slaw was way too watery and we had to leave it on the plate.
What the Dickens?  This Thanksgiving sandwich comprised of turkey, stuffing, gravy and cranberry sauce made me HATE Thanksgiving.  As I write this a week after having it, I'm drinking water because it was sooo dry.  It may have been because it was on a kaiser roll....

Dry like a doctor's sense of humor.

It was a HUGE sandwich though. I could still have been eating it today if it weren't so.... 
DRY.
All you need is a taste of the schmitter at McNally's and you will have experienced one of philly's best sandwiches. The bar itself is very dark inside and small with only a few tables. Plus it is the city so parking is limited. Nevertheless, it is a Chestnut Hill staple with top notch food and beer. Five stars!
McNallys has very good sandwiches, soups and the service is very good if youre 21+.. if youre under 21 you cant go in unless youre with your parents.. Not even to get a sandwich.. This place used to be affordable but it has gotten so expensive its not even worth going anymore..  Anyway the place gets way too crowded, not enough seats and tables.. So expect to wait in line..
SO and I took our son today to try something new. I settled on the Schmitter and she got the bacon cheeseburger while the boy got a kids meal cheeseburger. 

They have a kids meal which is fantastic. Priced at just $5 with a few options. SO wished she got the Schmitter after having a bite of mine. Next time.

Place is tiny and the bathroom is in the basement in the storeroom. Food is made amazingly fast and at perfect temp. 

Two takeaways which kinda offset each other. Kids meal came with a juice box or milk and we got our son a diet coke. Got tagged for $3 which is almost the cost of the meal itself. Wish she would have said something.

I was drinking half and halfs. Guinness is $7 and Harp is $6. They charged me the Harp price which most places would have gone to the $7.

I would recommend to get there early and park in the train station behind the restaurant.  If you get the kids meal make sure you grab the juice box or milk.
It's pretty easy to guess what I'm about to say about this tavern..so why beat around the bush? I absolutely, positively LOVE the Schmitter. I moved to Chestnut Hill a few weeks ago and sort of stumbled upon McNally's one night. I was instantly intrigued by the Schmitter and just had to have one...anything with a "special sauce" is sure to be amazing. And that it was! A great mixture of flavors with the salty meat and sweet onions and tangy sauce. Plus, who doesn't love a side of Ruffles potato chips? I had it a second time the other night and some how it was better than the first. Super friendly staff, the cook is nice too, good tap options, and the Schmitter is awesome!
A schmitter after a Chestnut Hill Film Group screening is an excellent way to finish a Tuesday night in the fall.
Really cool little spot.  Met partner for drinks and quick business meeting.  Small, unique little spot.  Better than expected beer selection, "the Schmitter" sandwich is one of best tastes I've had in Philly area (looking at you D'nicks).  Small staff was attentive and way to polite to be working this close to Philadelphia.  Thanks for an amazing experience.
Small bar, but the food is great as well as the beer. The Schmitter sandwich is great. There's street parking as well as a small lot.
So you're heading to McNally's with some friends, you're not THAT hungry and you're thinking... "I'll just get some soup... maybe half a tuna sandwich on wheat... and a diet coke" 

Feeling pretty good about yourself you roll through the door, hang out for a few minutes while you wait for a table... subtly noticing everyone eating cheesesteaks, chicken cheesesteaks and hybrid sandwiches like the Dicken's and the Schmitter... it's then that you start to waver a bit, silently at first but then vocally.... 

"Maybe I'll get a Schmitter" you announce to no one in particular. 
"I mean, I'm here... and I can get a tuna sandwich and soup anywhere..." 

Your friends don't respond - they knew all along what your subconscious had decided the minute you agreed to go to McNally's. You're getting a Schmitter. You're going to love every greasy, russian-dressingy bite. You're going to be in a mild coma after the last bite... or dead passed out if you got the double. And, you're going to feel super guilty... but not until the next morning when you hop on the scale. 

This is all you need to know - Schmitter and a beer... (oh yeah, you bailed on the diet coke too)... maybe some corn chowder or turkey chili if you want to really punish yourself.
McNally's was my go to every Monday night for a long time. The atmosphere is great, bartenders friendly, and food delicious. The Schmitter (get it on a long roll with pickles) and homemade carrot cake are must-haves. The George Bernard Shaw is a hidden menu gem for veggie lovers.

If you're in Chestnut Hill, make McNally's your stop.
McNally's is a gem that is not so hidden anymore. Tucked away in Chestnut Hill, a family run business that has become famous for "The Schmitter."  My favorite sandwich is "The Dickens," which is Thanksgiving dinner in a roll.  I get extra Cranberry sauce to make it perfect! 
 
Everything is Homemade.  The soups and deserts are excellent.  

If you are making your way on Germantown avenue through Chestnut Hill, it is worth the time to stop in.
Great establishment. Know going in there is no deep fryer. Probably for best, considering the meats and cheeses you inhale here.

If you're going purely for taste, with no consideration for the well being of your body, get the Schmitter. Sublime.

The Dickens (Thanksgiving Dinner sandwich) is great too, but the real secret of McNallys is the ham. They bake it each day. A simple ham and cheese sandwich there is amazing.

Not much room, so not good for large parties. Keep it less than 5 and you'll be OK.
Super friendly neighborhood restaurant. It had been a few years since we had been to McNally's and  it hasn't lost any of its appeal, and the food and service are still outstanding. We came with friends who were first time visitors, and we all ordered Schmitters. Everyone thought the same thing - heaven on a roll. A practically perfect sandwich. On our way out we got to talking with Ann, one of the owners, who happened to mention their chocolate cake being in the finals of Glenn Macnow's latest food competition. When we voiced our regret for not having gotten it she gave us a couple slices to take home. I gotta say, without a doubt, it was the best chocolate cake I've ever eaten. It still brings a smile to my face thinking about it, especially the icing, and I am not usually a big dessert person. It definitely won't be as long before we're back for Schmitters and chocolate cake. Thank you, McNally's, for doing what you do!
Great homemade soups and sandwiches. A Chestnut Hill institution that is not to be missed.
I have a fridge full of tofu and a freezer full of Boca.
Chicken is a stretch for me sometimes.
So one might think I would avoid the Schmitter.... But no.
No.
Not ever. 
I came upon it accidentally about three years ago while housesitting in Chestnut Hill.  An ex bf and I wandered up the block to the nondescript tavern with the barely-there sign... We entered.. We wanted beer.
I've never thought my wanting beer at 1 pm was a good thing... But in this case, it changed my life.  I was close to ordering a caesar salad when the bartender said in so many words, "What the h*ll are you doing?  Why don't you get a schmitter?"
So I got one.  I wasn't even really hungry.  But I housed the entire thing.  There was meat.  A lot of meat.  And cheese?  And something oniony?  And the sauce...  People - I don't even eat WINGS I think they're too gross and messy, but I felt like I was on a different planet where gross, greasy fingers didn't matter, and red meat was good for me.
I think I owe myself a holiday schmitter, now that I think about it.  

That's it.  I'm going this weekend.
Come for the one, the only, the Philadelphia phamous Schmitter*

*disclaimer: this is not a Cheesesteak - it's a whole different animal
A very good Schmitter Sandwich.

The Schmitter has soft and chewy bread. The sauce is very similar to thousand island but a bit more savory.

The salami is baked and very good. 

The chipped steak on the sandwich was just slightly more cooked and less tender and juicy than I'd prefer. 

This is a very tasty overall flavor combo with a minor execution flaw in the steak. 

Because I was really into the flavors and savoriness, I'm still assigning 5 stars.
I've traveled all over the world, and have eaten a lot of incredible food, but we keep coming back to McNally's. 
The sandwiches and soups are consistently great, and "homemade" is not just a figure of speech here. 
The Schmitter is a delicious indulgence (although I usually get the sauce on the side.) And my wife won't have a meal here without a cup of the Turkey Chili.
I've spent a few afternoons nursing a Smithwick, watching the cooks make the soups - what a great way to kill an afternoon. 
My favorite time at McNally's is in December, when the place is decorated a little, and the Christmas shoppers stop in with their bags for a quck bite and recharge. 
If you're in the neighborhood, stop in!
Okay, I admit it.  I just wanted the double Schmitter, which is why I stopped in.  That sandwich is just so darn good that it's worth the imminent heart attack.  Extra steak, cheese, sauce, onions, salami, and tomato slices on a fresh Conshy roll.  The sauce is the best part although it is The only caveat is the somewhat limited beer selection, but the ambiance is very friendly and relaxed.  They also had clam chowder tonight but it tasted bland.  Stick with the schmitter or tobias (also has pepperoni for a spicy kick).
This neighborhood tavern packs a powerful punch! After my bf had been telling me about the Shcmitter sandwich we went here and were thoroughly pleased. The Schmitter is a different take to the Philly cheese steak. The meat was juicy and full of flavor. The sandwich had sliced steak, salami, onions, cheese and special sauce (reminded me of Russian dressing) on a kaiser roll. Service was great and staff was accommodating. You could tell that this place is frequented by locals and regulars for the wait staff knew many patrons by name.

If you want to try a different version of the cheese steak then you MUST try the Schmitter.. I was so full after eating this sandwich, I thought I would have to get rolled out of the place :).
This is the kind of place to visit if you're in the mood for a great sandwich and beer in a small, cozy, very casual bar environment. 

Upon walking inside, there are about 5-6 tables to the right fairly close together and the bar is on the left. We sat at the bar on the far end by the kitchen, so you could see them prepare and make all dishes (they were the only seats open at 10pm on a Saturday night). 

The menu has a large variety of interesting sandwiches and burgers, but that's it, so if you're craving anything else, this isn't the place for you. They only had one burger left by the time we ordered, so my fiance got the burger, and I got the BLT to split. Both were delicious and served with house chips. 

My favorite part was the Cosmo that I ordered. They mixed my Cosmo in a large drinking glass then provided me with a martini glass to the side to pour my own drink. I was able to get 3 full martini glasses worth of Cosmo from what they mixed, and it was only $9 for the one order! It was yummy, strong, and you can't beat the price for what you receive! 

The restrooms are downstairs in the basement, and the steps are very steep to walk down, so just a FYI in case this will be an issue for you. You can ask if they have an elevator, but I didn't see one. 

We enjoyed trying a new adventure here, and everything was good, but will continue to visit others new places as well.
This is my own stupid brain talking but I am pretty sure Donkey was in Philadelphia, stopped at McNally's for lunch and thought to himself, 'I am going to open a place like this in Camden.'  My limited literacy skills can not describe McNally's awesomeness!!  Marie, the over-worked under paid step sister was awesome and patience while I changed my order 3 times.  The schmitter is better than the description.  Everything was so awesome I got the homemade carrot cake and it was awesome in it's own right!!
Great local spot if you want a small town vibe with good beers and great personal service. I ordered their cream of broccoli soup, which was delicious even on a hot summer day. They have different specials every day with a variety of at least 3 beer choices. Only issue is that seating is a little crammed, but it makes the service more personal.  I loved the local vibe, will recommend this place for the small town feel away from the city.
I've only had one sandwich here and that was The Dickens, and my goodness was that a sublime experience.  I live in New York, but this is by far the best sandwich I have ever had.  There is really nothing like it.  It's the perfect mix of sweet (cranberry sauce), savory (freshly-sliced turkey), and the perfect bridge between the two flavors (a stuffing made with thyme, basil, and oregano).

If COVID has ruined this past year for you, please take some time to visit McNally's and have one of their specialty sandwiches.  The Dickens will undo any hardships endured from this virus.
The Saturday afternoon bartender will make you wait more than several minutes to order a drink and/or food if he doesn't know you. You have to be a regular in some of these places or their demeanor towards you is a stark difference compared to those patrons who go daily,nightly, or weekly. Never smiles, barely says hello and I think after 3-4 trips I have made there spending my money, I never received a thank you after he runs your card and hands back the slip to sign.  Par for the course though. This is just how it is in Phila, The Capital of Rude worldwide,
McNally's is a Chestnut Hill staple. Their Schmitter is a sandwich you absolutely must try... in the winter, they serve an incredible spiked apple cider.
I just moved to the area and asked a long-time resident where I could find the best food.  Without hesitation he recommended McNallys and their signature Schmitters sandwich.  I immediately tried it out, and it did not disappoint.  The GB Shaw sandwich was also out if this world!  As was the Carrot Ginger soup.  Not only was the food a 10/10, but also the 2 lovely ladies who  talked to me and made me feel so welcome. Only 24 hrs in the area and I found my favorite neighborhood place!
