We'd the mussels to start, aunt ordered the lamb ossobuco I'd the fried chicken cutlet. I brought the wine - it was a sparking rose - it pared perfectly with both dishes. It's a dim lit and cozy place but very noisy.  The other customers are nice and it's not at all a stuffy atmosphere. I think it's because the staff is friendly.

They serve a small portion of bread which was fine; the main courses are huge. I couldn't finish my chicken cutlet with prosciutto, buffalo moz, arugula and tomatoes ( i asked them to hold the prosciutto and they accommodated my request). Everyone is nice, they know their menu and everything was very well prepared. I liked my aunt's dish - the seasoning and flavors were complex but I'm not a braised meat person and wasn't in the mood for pasta or fish. The chicken cutlet was delicious and juicy; I think it either had a light sauce or the chicken breast was marinated - either way it was special. 

My aunt ordered a single scoop of salted caramel gelato (off menu item) for dessert and decaf earl grey tea - it was Stash's! She really enjoyed everything! I enjoyed mine too but I agree with her - if you like braised meats order the Oasobuco it's a perfect cold weather dish!

It's BYOB and they take credit cards, what more could you want?
My friend and I arrived at Melograno at 8 p.m. to find the rest of our "BYO girls" already waiting.  We were promptly seated at a roomy table near the open kitchen, which was cool.  Our waitress arrived and ran through the specials, which included a pepper stuffed with crab something-or-other, a salad and two lamb entrees.  Then she was gone... for a long time.  Unremarkable bread was dropped at our table with a little bowl of olive oil that looked to be seasoned with pepper.  As it was 8 p.m., we were all pretty hungry so the bread was gone in no time while we waited for our server to return and take our order.  When she eventually came back, the rest of the evening went pretty smoothly.

We started with the salad special, which had roasted grape tomatoes, slices of mushroom (not sure what kind as I don't really eat mushrooms), shaved parmesan, walnuts and a lemon dressing.  It was an interesting mix of ingredients and they came together well.  We also enjoyed the antipasto plate, which had some nice pieces of prosciutto and mozzarella, olives, roasted vegetables and toasted bread slices with various spreads.

My entrée was definitely the highlight of the meal.  I had the mixed seafood grill, which came with a nice sized piece of salmon, a few shrimp and several calamari rings, all served over buttery mashed potatoes.  It was heaven on a plate.  The calamari was tender and grilled perfectly, with a touch of coarse salt in the seasoning which made this my favorite part of the dish, especially when combined with the potatoes.  Everyone else seemed happy with their selections as well, evidenced by the fact that we probably set a record with how fast everything was eaten.  

For dessert, we tried the crème brulee, spiced chocolate cake with vanilla gelato and the tiramisu.  I enjoyed the tiramisu most, followed by the crème brulee.  The cake did nothing for me, but I generally like my desserts straightforward and uncomplicated (apparently for me, spicy chocolate = complication), so this particular offering could easily be someone else's favorite.  

I definitely agree with the other reviewers who mentioned the noisiness of the restaurant.  It was incredibly loud, so much so that it was impossible to have a conversation across the table without shouting.  This was definitely a drawback but not enough so that I would not return.  However, I wouldn't recommend the place for a quiet, intimate dinner for two.  For purposes of group get-togethers and girls' night out, count me in!
tl;dr this Italian BYOB just off of Rittenhouse Square might work for a large party just looking for a good time that doesn't care about the quality of food

I had heard mixed reviews for Melograno from a variety of sources. Some called it the best Italian BYOB in Philly, while others lambasted it for poor service and subpar food. If anything, all this controversy left me needing to find out the real deal for myself.

Walking into Melograno with my partner for an 8PM Friday reservation, I immediately took notice of the cozy decor. Melograno was lofted with exposed wooden beams overhead,  finished with heavy accent lighting, sliding barn doors, and knick-knacks around the walls (including a motor scooter!).

However, the coziness ended there. To say this restaurant was busy would be an understatement. Pop music playing in the background, which ended up being completely drowned out by how incredibly loud this restaurant is. It took nearly 15 minutes to be seated, despite our table having been ready for that whole time. We were seated next to the front window, with the hostess desk (and therefore a line of people still waiting to be seated) blocking us from any servers. And, to be quite frank, the service was awful. It took another 10 minutes after we were seated for anyone to even greet us at our table. Then, it took over 30 minutes on top of that just to get us water -- hilariously, we received our appetizers before our water! Finally, our "starter" bread came with our entrees, a full hour after we had been seated, despite us being promised several times that it was "on the way."

And I haven't even begun speaking about the food. We ordered the Calamari Puttanesca, the Polenta with Oyster Mushroom Special, the Pappardelle al Ragú di Cinghiale, and the Squid Ink Fusilli Special. The polenta, although described by our server as being served "crispy" was mushy and flavorless, with just a dab of red sauce on top. Any flavor that was in that dish came solely from the oyster mushrooms. The calamari was a bit rubbery, although the stew it was served in was really tasty especially with copious amounts of olives and capers. Onto to pasta dishes, I will say that, for both, the noodles themselves were clearly homemade and well-cooked. However, the fusilli lacking in flavor, even though it was served with a good deal of assorted seafood. Unfortunately, some of the mussels were sandy and inedible. On the other hand, the pappardelle, which had only a tiny scoop of the wild boar ragu, ended up leaving much to be desired. To top it all off, our waiter became defensive at the end of our experience when I told him our meal was only "okay."

Overall, I found our meal to be lackluster. In fact, I found myself complimenting the wine (which we BYOB'ed!) more than Melograno itself. In any case, I don't plan on coming back anytime, ever.
Melograno was like visiting the home of a good friend.

For starters the fresh focaccia and EVOO even though not warmed, was quick to the table after being seated.  

That was followed quickly by the Roasted Octopus appetizer with thinly sliced potatoes.  The octopus had a nice charred exterior with a tender flesh.  While I enjoyed all the entrees on this evening, this appetizer was the best dish of the night.

The Roasted Lamb was both charred, tender, succulent and lacked any gamey flavor.  The polenta underneath could had this underlying sweet vanilla flavor which was kinda weird for a savory dish.  The spinach layered on top of the polenta kinda assumed the same flavors as the polenta.  Some salt would have definitely helped to make it better.

The Panna Cotta with crumbled Expresso Cookie on top was a nice way to finish the meal. 

My waitress was very efficient and attentive.  Entrees were delivered with precision as I was ready for them.  The maitre'd was very personable and took great care to make sure all my needs were met, like I was having a meal in his home.
Geez, I thought I was a lucky guy to grab a reservation for Valentine's Day with only 3 days to spare, especially after the person who took my res couldn't accomodate a 7 to 7:30PM request, and asked if I could do 6:30.  What was all of that about?  The restaurant never got more than half full the whole evening.  Which was fine with me as we sat and chatted, and paced our evening to well over two hours without a rush to boot us out.  But, it was V-day and I wasn't going to let this trivial annoyance bother me for more than a joke or two over dinner.

OK, the food.  The olive oil served with the bread was lacking in any type of flavor.  I would almost wish that restaurants that refuse to buy the "good stuff", just serve a little focaccia without anything than to present the flavorless oil as something you may feel you need to enhance your bread experience.

The Prix Fixe menu was interesting and I thought very creative.  For starters I had a seafood stew, with baby octopus, shrimp, and it looked like lagustinos. The tomato broth was superb, the octopus tender, very tasty and a very good start.  My friend had the salmon gravlax, it was light and wonderful.

For entrees I ordered the most amazing fettuccine with a wild boar ragu which I would match against any ragus I ever had, anywhere.  The pasta held the ragu so well, the lumps of wild boar were tender, full of a solid meat flavor, just fantastic.  If I could make that dish I would never leave home.  My Valentine ordered the Branzino, pan seared, absolutely one of the best Branzino's in the city.  The moistness, the lightness, the texture, the presentation with spinach on the plate, everything.

Dessert was a letdown for me.  The panna cotta with berries was just average, light in texture and light in flavor.  

I know this is a "man-trap" day to go out to dinner, where you have to accept Prix Fixe at a lot of restaurants, but Melograno delivered to the max on the entrees.  The service was attentive as the restaurant was less than full.  I haven't been here in a year, and I used to go more frequently.  The inside and decor lacks atmosphere, I can't put my finger on it.  But as long as the chef turns out food like he has for years consistently and excellent, this is still one of  my top 5 BYOB's in the city.

Appetizers - 4
Entrees - 5
Desserts - 3
Decor -3
Service -4
Melograno looked so great on paper. From the time of reviewing the menu online, getting each course and paying the bill, the experience declined. 

My husband and I were looking for a BYOB Italian place to celebrate our anniversary. We wanted to try someplace new and probably reviewed like 15 menus before landing on Melograno. 

We were seated immediately on arriving at a nice two-person table towards the ramp to the restrooms. The table wasn't large but we weren't really close to other tables so we had our own cozy nook. I enjoyed the open-style kitchen in what was an initially brighter dining room. The lights were dimmed several times during the course of our meal so the mood did vary a bit. 

Our anniversary happened to fall on restaurant week this year and we initially weren't feeling a three-course meal. However, when we saw the entrees and appetizers of interest were included on the RW menu, it made sense to go that route.

I started with the Calamari Inzimino, which included sautéed calamari, cannellini beans, diced tomato & lemon over baby spinach. This was your best of all worlds' appetizers. The combination of all elements made it like a soup and a salad, with seafood. The calamari was a little chewy and the dish wasn't the most flavorful, but it was a great concept. 

The Risotto ai Gamberoni was actually one of the reasons I wanted to dine at Melograno in the first place. I'm a huge fan of goat cheese so a dish containing fresh shrimp & fennel risotto, goat cheese in marsala wine reduction really intrigued me. Unfortunately, I could barely taste the goat cheese. I was expecting it to be creamy, as dishes with goat cheese typically tend to be. I mentioned this to our server and he offered to get me a new dish, but I ended up sticking with what I had. While it was different than what I expected, it was tasty enough to continue eating. Be warned, the shrimp still has its tail. I'm not a fan of this in a pasta/risotto dish. 

Speaking of our server though, he was great the entire time. He was attentive and took the time to answer our questions- even as the restaurant began to grow more crowded. My husband originally went with the Panna Cotta for dessert, but decided to go with the Creme Brulee. Our full order was taken at once due to restaurant week but our server was still able to make the switch. 

So the hubby went with the Crème Brulee and I went with the Tiramisu. Both were fine, but nothing too remarkable.  

So the meal was fine, although nothing extraordinary. The real trouble came when it was time to pay the check. Melograno is an Opentable.com restaurant so we planned on using a $20 dining cheque to help with the bill. We were told we couldn't use it, despite the fact that the cheque said it was valid at any Opentable restaurant. We had to talk to our server, a manager and then the owner.  The owner finally agreed to honor it. What a buzzkill for our anniversary. If they can't accept the terms that come with being an Opentable restaurant, maybe they shouldn't be on it in the first place. 

Aside from the billing issues, I just wasn't overly impressed. It's a shame because we were in the market for a new BYOB that we could call our Italian restaurant.  I'll meet you anytime you want....just not in this Italian restaurant.
One of the very few restaurants in the city that is packed from 5:00 PM till closing every day of the week except Monday.  Stellar Italian turned out flawlessly and effortlessly by the chef and two sous' in view in their tiny but efficient domain.  Outdoor tables always filled from early on.  This is a neighborhood treasure which the neighbors fully appreciate and patronize Expect to wait an hour or more for a table.  No reses.  Moving to a larger space doubled their capacity but the the story is exactly the same.
While the food can be very good, I have a significant issue with this place. While I am not one to site race as an issue, this place made me think twice about that stance. On the two occasions I have eaten here, our meals were poorly executed, service abrupt, and management inconsiderate.

For example, the last time I ate here, I was with a group of four. We waited for about twenty minutes before the server approached us, and even then we were told to order. No hello, no mention of specials, nothing.  

Mind you, this was on a Thursday and the place was not too busy.

We ordered our food, and then waited another 45 minutes when they served us our entrees. The biggest issue was that they never served us our appetizers. I attempted to get our servers attention , but she never came back. I instead had to approach the manager. She just glarred at me and told me she couldn't do anything about it. 

Needless to say, we won't be back.
The menu is small and rarely changes, there are just a couple things for vegetarians, the service is competent at best, and I miss the old, intimate dining room. But the pasta. The pasta is just way too good - tender, chewy, fresh and pretty much perfect. Their pumpkin ravioli is the first thing I think about when it starts to get cool in the fall.
Came here for restaurant week and had an overall positive experience. Place is way bigger than I expected and very nicely decorated and classy inside.  Love the round tables in lieu of booths or square tables - it's rare you get that anywhere nowadays.  Makes it a lot easier to converse with a large party and no one feels left out.  (I'm a firm believer in the notion that one night out can change the trajectory of life based solely on group seating at dinner).  I came with a group of 7 so it was perfect.

Restaurant week menu was varied so we each were able to pick different things and try off each other's plates.  We started with a variety of apps, like meatballs, arugula salad, truffle/mushroom pizza and the margherita pizza.  By far my favorite was the truffle pizza.  Everything else was good, but not great, and IMHO the meatballs were too firm.

For entrees, we also got a variety, including the salmon, pork roast and medici spiced wild boar ragu.  My ragu was delectable, with warm spices, and the large flat pasta was definitely homemade.  Salmon was crispy and seasoned nicely.  The pork dishes were also good.

Chocolate cake dessert was more like a brownie consistency, but still tasty.  Service was just right.  For restaurant week prices, it was definitely worth it.  Would I come back?  Not sure.  My ragu was very good, but I'm not clamoring to have it again.  BYOB is always a nice touch and the ambiance made it even better.  Perhaps if I was in the area I would return.
Great local BYO with a cozy ambiance, good food, and attentive service.  We came on a Tuesday night and it was packed, even at 9 pm.  I highly recommend getting the pre fixe, which comes with an appetizer, entree or pasta, and dessert.

Some menu highlights:
1. Roasted octopus: This was very tough and not my favorite although octopus is one of the hardest dishes to make, to be fair.
2. Beef and pork meatballs: Great and very flavorful and juicy.  Portion was generous too.
3. Roasted lamb shank: This was HUGE but juicy, tender, and flavorful.  It's served on a bed of polenta and spinach, which is great for absorbing the jus.  Definitely a must-try.  The taste of lamb was also not very noticeable so you will like it even if you are not a huge lamb fan.
4. Roasted halibut fillet: Decent but didn't really stand out.
5. Spaghetti: Solid with a robust tomato sauce.  
6. Parmesan truffle fries: AMAZING!  Crispy and savory.  Must-try!
7. Dark chocolate lava cake with vanilla gelato: Very good and rich.
8. Granny Smith apple bread pudding with gelato: Amazing.  The pudding is creamy and paired perfectly with the gelato.
9. Panna cotta: The tried-and-true classic.  This is a staple and it didn't disappoint.

The bread was pretty meh and it is served with plain EVOO rather than butter.  The restaurant itself was very hot today and stuffy so try to go on a semi-less humid day as they tend to leave the windows open until October.  Overall a great BYO with fantastic entrees and desserts!
Came here with big group for a holiday party and had a lovely time.

#Ambiance:  romantic, contemporary but also little bit rustic

#Service: not sure what others are referring to but our waiter was fantastic.  Checked in frequently.  Orders were all correct and came out quickly.

#Food
- Appetizers:  mussels- spicy yumminess, gnocchi was special of the day and worth it.  Inside was proscuitto and overall great pairing
- Wild Boar Ragu Pappardelle:  handmade noodles were to die for.  Sauce just rice and overall fantastic dish.  Only negative is that the portion is quite small
- Lamb: soft but needs some more flavor.  Something felt missing
- Dessert:  banana bread with salted caramel ice cream was a big hit.  Skip the panna cotta it's a bit on the hard side.   Can also skip the creme brulee as it was pretty standard.

Overall we had great service and the food was overall good.   However not sure I would return as nothing really stood out.  There are so many more Italian BYOBs in Philadelphia.
A highlight reel:

Appetizer: The special.  An Italian "crepe" filled with a delicious mix of ricotta, roasted eggplant, and pesto, topped with red onion confit and (I think...) shaved parmesan cheese.  Served in a searing hot ceramic crock type device.  Came to the table still bubbling from the oven.  Boyfriend insists that he does not like ricotta cheese.  Boyfriend happily finishes the last bite when offered.

Salads: Good.  But not good enough to make the highlight reel.

Entree.. me: The duck special with sour cherry reduction, asparagus, and some sort of pan-crisped/roasted sliced potato stack.  Duck was cooked to perfection -- crisp duck fat skin, tender pinky medium rare meat -- and seasoned perfectly.  Potatoes were delicately garlicked (if there can be such a thing?), edges delightfully crisped, centers tender and toothsome.  Boyfriend ate several... I cleaned my plate.

Entree.. him: The quail stuffed with figs and walnuts served with mashed/pureed potatoes and zucchini.  Everything on his plate was excellent.. not necessarily write-home-about-it exciting or earth-shattering, but clearly expertly prepared.  Most notable in my mind was the absolutely perfect ratio of quail to stuffing.  I have no idea how they managed to get all of those figs and walnuts into those quails, but I tip my hat to whoever figured out that secret technique.

Dessert: Chocolate cake was good.  But...

Ginger creme brulee -- the replacement for the pumpkin creme brulee on the menu.  If I were you.. and I were planning to eat dinner at Melograno complete with dessert, I would definitely go over there the morning of and make sure that the pumpkin mysteriously goes missing.  I'm not suggesting that you engage in any sort of criminal act or anything, mind you.. but if you could persuade a sympathetic cook or server to hide the pumpkin under some bags of onions, stash it behind the potatoes, pile it in a random corner and cover it with some napkins.. you get the idea.  I was stuffed to the gills and only because I was in a public place and thought that they might never let me come back if I acted on the impulse did I manage to avoid bringing the ramekin to my face and licking it clean.

ETA
We returned to Melograno and had, all things considered, a reasonably good meal.  The special appetizer "risotto cake" (actually just semi-creamy rice in a ringmold, but whatever) was ok, the salmon I had was ok...  And I would be inclined to drop to 4 stars because the risotto cake had a little bit of an off taste.. . But here's the reason for the update: We sort of made a spur-of-the-moment decision to eat here as we were getting ready to take the dog for her early evening walk.  We took her with us and they let us eat on outside with her by the table.  Yay!  Dog-friendly fine dining!
Four of us decided to meet at this BYO for dinner this past Sat. night... I had called to make reservation, only to find they DON'T take reservations on the weekend. Ok, no prob. I got there about 6:30 - put our name in, they took my cell # and we went across the street for drinks. I got a call a 1/2 hour later that our table was ready. Pretty good for a Sat. night.

We were taken to our table, squeezing by the people waiting in the foyer area. the layout seems to be going for a big open feel, with an open kitchen in the back of the room but the tables are very close together. On this night it felt loud & crammed, though it was an upbeat and fun feeling atmosphere.

We were served water right away by a runner and our waiter (Ray, I found out later, by asking him) came by without stopping, just spotted us and seemed to be annoyed at yet another table. Hmmm.  A few minutes later, he stopped by, asked about opening our wine and mumbled and groaned about the night he was having, as he opened our 3 bottles. Then he didn't come back for our orders for another 15 minutes - at which time he finally gave us the specials.

We started our meal with 2 apps.: the Antipasto and a breaded mozzarella dish with a 'lite sardine butter'. The Antipasto was pretty good, notably the crostini assortment was very unique.. the other veggies were ordinary. The mozzarella dish, however was over powered with the sardine taste, took a few bites and couldn't go with it.

For entrees, I got the Spinach/Cheese Ravioli done in a brown butter sage sauce, which I must say was excellent. My dinner partners got Monk Fish (special), Seafood Combo dinner and a Pasta Carbonara. Everyone seem to truly enjoy their entrees.
BTW- DO NOT rely on the menu on the website, 90% of what it shows is not on the actual menu. I hate when I read something on a web menu, make a plan to try it and it doesn't exist on the actual restaurant menu.

For dessert I got a Ricotta cake, served over strawberries, a little on the dry side but pretty good. My partners got the panna cotta and creme brulee - both were done nicely.

I can't say we didn't have a good time, but I was in good company, The service remained slow all night, but gave us plenty of time for laughs and conversation. The whole meal came to about $160+ (not including tip)  for the 4 of us. If they kicked things up a notch creatively in the kitchen, stepped up the service and spread out the tables a bit more, they'd really have something here.
the food taste good but my brother had the special squire ink pasta today july 28,2012 that we found out a piece of scrap metal in the pasta. The waitress did not give us any replacement nor discount for the food. This is really bad experience which cause my brother to vomited after an hour of the meal.
the food alone deserves a very solid 3 stars. service seriously killed it on this one- such a disappointment. enough to bring it down a star :(

had an almost solid experience at melograno over the weekend. 8 girls, 5 bottles of wine (yay for BYOB), an assortment of apps, pasta dishes, entrees, and desserts... overall very decent. staff was impersonal but okay throughout the meal(though we had to ask multiple times for bread, and our water glasses weren't really attended to... and we weren't told the specials until after we placed part of the order so we missed out on the eggplant app, which sounded like it would've been yummy) until the end, when they asked us to leave before we were through with dessert. ugh. i understand the food service industry and the push to flip a table, but kicking out paying patrons and leaving a bad impression at the end of the meal is just not worth it. definitely took off a star for that :(

our group ordered a bunch of food and split everything family-style, even though the food is not served that way. we made our way through just about the entire menu, which was a plus. the majority of melograno's options are standard italian fare- meatballs, pastas, etc. with some creative twists here and there. 

specific food notes:
- calamari appetizer. it's not the typical large rings fried calamari with marinara. Instead, tiny calamari rings and tentacles very lightly sautéed and tossed with white beans, tomatoes, and wilted baby spinach. the sauce was light and lemony with a little kick. very yummy.
- mussels appetizer. they were yummy, with a lovely light white wine broth. giant chunks of garlic swam in the broth, and was great for dipping when we finally got some bread (only had to ask our waiter about 4 or 5 times).
- pasta special with duck. this isn't descriptive enough to be helpful, but if they have the special of ripped pasta noodles with duck- get it. 
- pass on the risotto. it was undercooked and underseasoned. highly doubt it was made-to-order as risotto should be. the shrimp were tasty, but the overall dish was a let-down
- salmon got great reviews from the table. we even ordered a second one to split. it was cooked perfectly, though the accompanying tomato salad was s bit blah.
- the chicken. the one that's a half-chicken. get it. the cook on the chicken was perfect, the sauce was full of flavor, and the accompanying kale, potato, and pancetta hash was soooo good.
- don't bother with the filet. It was a decent medium cook but was still tough and the sauce was bland and was a non-appealing shade of light pink. 
- tiramisu. this was yummy. light and airy, not dense like some variations. definitely a good pick, and i'm not typically a tiramisu fan.
- skip the chocolate hazelnut crème brulee. yes, really. unless you just want a few spoonfulls of nutella. i mean, nothing wrong with that... but the burnt sugar top that lends a lot of depth to a typical standard crème brulee gets lost on this dish- it's textuarally pleasing, but that's about it. the best part was the small cluster of candied hazelnuts on top.

overall not the best, but could've been worse. the food is decent, BYOB is great, and the location is convenient (especially if you're heading to helium comedy club for a show after dinner). service could really use improvement.
Horrible service. 
As soon as we were seated our very cold and awkward waitress rushed to tell us the evening specials because they had "other large reservations this evening so let's get going" excuse me?
Ridiculous. I can't even rate the food because I was too annoyed at how we were treated to even enjoy the meal.
I had heard a lot of hype about this place and with so many other good Italian places in Philly, Im not sure why.

I was satisfied with my meal and left very stuffed, but nothing really wowed me.  My scallops in my appetizer were tough and the braised lamb shank I had was underseasoned.  (My friend's shank was perfect though).  The polenta had a jell-o like consistency.  The spiced chocolate lava cake was the highlight of the meal.

Their menu is pretty unoriginal and offers items you can find on many menus.  Nothing was awful, nothing was great.
My friends & I were the annoying last table lingering on Sunday night.  Despite this fact, our server was cheerful and friendly. I started out with the grilled calamari, split with a friend.  I wish I had the whole thing to myself. It was a very small portion of the most tender squid I've ever had - not even remotely rubbery or chewy. It was served on a bed of eggplant marmalade and green beans - I was not a fan of this. I then had the ravioli with pumpkin and marscapone.  It was delicious, but I was jealous of my friend's paperadelle with mushrooms. For dessert I had the vanilla panna cotta with fresh berries.  It was quite tasty, but again I experienced food envy when I tasted my friend's tiramisu.

Oh and on this particular night, we were treated to dinner AND a show! A chick in her 20's was being publicly groped by her MUCH older boyfriend (? or husband). I'm talking nursing home aged. This grandpa-lookin' dude was all over his young prize. People watching at it's finest!
This place is fantastic. I have been going to Melograno since before the move and it has never let me down (except for the whole move thing...)  And while the fact that it was BYO brought me to the door, the food keeps me coming back over and over again. 

I frequently get the Penne (spicy red sauce with pancetta) which has never failed me.  The other big winners have always been the papperdelle with truffle infused mushroom sauce and the beet ravioli (which a friend describes as "unique to the world").  

And sure. Its hard to get in because they don't take reservations and you have to wait.  But the food is worth it, which is more than I can say for a LOT of restaurants I have waited longer to get a table at!  So get here early and bring a second bottle of wine (to drink on the street while your waiting for table). And eat the best byo italian in the city.
Went for restaurant week on a Friday. We were seated immediately and the waitress, Kristen,  was friendly and extremely competent. 

I had the meatballs for my app. They were good with the sauce but a little dry without. My boyfriend had prosciutto with arugula and cheese which was also good.

The wild boar ragout was amazing! Loved it! My boyfriend's steak was just ok. He said it didn't have a lot of flavor besides the sauce.

Dessert was the chocolate cake. Tasted like a yummy brownie. 

Overall it was ok but not too special.
Worst customer service.  This was a place we were very excited to try for the first time based on yelp reviews.  We made a reservation for a large group of 12 people for a Friday night and were told there would be no problem accommodating our group.  Then 3 hours before reservation we get a phone call informing us that our party would likely not be sitting together, but we would still be required to do the limited pre fixe menu.  Are you kidding me?? Why were we not told this in advance and why were we given only 3 hours notice??? Why would we go to a restaurant with a group of people to sit separately??  Really disappointing because this was a night my fiancee planned for my birthday that was subsequently ruined....
I'd been to Melograno once before and had a great experience, so when it came time to make a reservation for my birthday dinner I was very excited to return. I made a reservation for 8 for Saturday night at 7:30 using their online reservation system through Urbanspoon. 

But when we arrived at the restaurant on Saturday night, the reservation was missing. I didn't know what we were going to do as a party of 8 without reservations at 7:30 on a Saturday evening. Thankfully, the staff at Melograno really came through and saved the day. Though they were incredibly busy and did not have my reservation, they still managed to find a way to accommodate us with only a very short delay. 

We had an amazing dinner, the service was great, and the error with the reservation will definitely not prevent me from going back.
I was expecting a great meal as Philadelphia has a solid Italian restaurant base. Melograno doesn't live up to its peers as they offer bland flavoring, low quality olive oil and generally a poorly flavored meal. In reading the other yelp reviews, it appears there was a change in mid 2015 that precipitated a slow decline and eventual death. 

This is a side note, but you can tell the care they put into their food based upon the care they put into trying to read the menu online: http://www.melogranorestaurant.com/menu-2

I would suggest a chain restaurant over this location. BYOB and service were the only saving grace, but no, not really.  Go spend your money around the corner.
Two stars might be bit of a generous rating.  Are the people who gave 5 stars smoking some of that philadelphia crack I hear about?  Now I've only dined there once, and definitely will not be going back, but the food was a complete turn off.  I ordered the black cod, usually a fairly easier fish to prepare but not your typical italian dish I admit, and it was completely over cooked and prepared in a sauce rich in oil and not complimenting the fish at all.  I barely ate half.  Our waiter was another bad spot.  Completely unprofessional and emotional.  Keep your shit at home broooooooooooooooooo!  Salad was good but not too adventurous.
A friend just asked for a BYOB suggestion in Rittenhouse, which brought me back to my delicious dinner last Friday night.

Me and two of my best girls from high school were going crazy trying to find a place to eat. There wouldn't be an open table at Kanella til 10pm. Mercato was closed for a private party, as was Giorgio on Pine. I trekked by bicycle across town to Melograno, where the wait was just an hour. Anisha, Julia and I stopped into Tinto for a drink to pass the time. (I had never been inside before- so swanky!)

We ended up having to wait a bit longer once we returned to Melograno, but I didn't mind too much. Our waitress, Lauren, spied our copious bottles of wine and laughed. She was funny, and definitely told it like it is (like when they were trying to close the restaurant and we were still drinking, whoops). Melograno is so much bigger than I expected, and I loved the dim lighting and the look of the open kitchen.

We skipped appetizers, choosing to indulge only on the delicious bread since we were so ravenous. Liquor is quicker, friends. I ordered the Pappardelle Tartufate, which was absolutely fantastic. Fresh strips of textured pasta, meaty mushrooms, crunchy walnuts, just enough truffle taste. There's a reason why it's Melograno's signature dish.

Julia ordered the squid ink risotto, which I got a good bite of. Fresh scallop nestled within rich, black rice. The squid ink was a unique flavor for sure. Anisha got the brown butter ravioli, which she unfortunately she didn't love.

Lauren told us she couldn't refill our bread- they were out. Out?! She said they only had heels but I told her to bring it on. I love the heels of bread. Five minutes later we had another basket brought to the table- warm slices, fresh out of the oven. 

After eating and drinking and laughing and crying (there were some seriously emotional moments during this dinner, people) we looked around and noticed the restaurant was completely empty. Yes, we were the last to leave and yes, I was sporting some serious wine mouth but the food and conversation, they were just divine.
Along with a group of my 3 girlfriends, I headed to Melograno's for a first time visit with 3 bottles in hand. Melograno earned 4 stars as an affordable BYO that has a menu to please the 'picky eater' without breaking the bank. I think with a few more visits Melograno could be a favorite place to gab with the girls, I would definately go back.

Reservations are taken on all days except Saturday, closed on Mondays. We were seated right on time from a friendly hostess who greeted me by name *bonus point!

Appetizers and entrees came out in a fair time without complaints, just happy bellies. I ate my pork chop with creamy polenta & pomegranate reduction and had left overs to spare but admit, I get full kind of fast. The service was decent, maybe a little stressed at one point. The restaurant and bathrooms appeared clean. All in all...two thumbs up. 

Shout out to Michelle C for the suggestion.
I was thoroughly disappointed by our experience. We went for restaurant week and were turned away even though they had reservations available online... interesting. Regardless we ended up dining there. The appetizers were okay but the meal was a huuuuge letdown. I ordered the shrimp and fennel risotto and the shrimp was overcooked and the rice in the risotto was undercooked. The entire meal lacked seasoning. They had no options for dairy free dessert and brought me some gross sorbet. WAS NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!! We spent around $80 for 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts and the food was so underwhelming. I wouldn't mind paying that money for food that deserved but this place was not it. If they turn you away at the door, count your blessings.
My scores a 3.5 but I rounded up. I always want to like this place but then whenever I go unless I order the pasta I'm underwhelmed. I recently went and ordered the lamb shank. It was good but didn't think it was good enough. However, they have great pastas. Byob. Great for a large group before going to helium for a show.
You lied to me Melograno. I was expecting small plates at exorbitant prices, so I came in here with my friend and ponied up.

I ordered two appetizers, two pastas, and a filet mignon and was told that it would be "about the right amount of food for two people."

Yeah, we got way too much food. Like, four people's worth of food. Four of ME worth of food.

And it was all delicious.

The portion of mussels we got was definitely large enough to share between more than a couple friends, and even though there were only two meatballs with the serving, they were pretty large. Almost eight-ball sized. And they were delicious. I think there were a mix of three animals in them. I can get behind that.

Pasta: we had the wild boar ragu, which was awesome, and surprisingly had a hint of pumpkin flavoring, and linguini with some sort of mushroom bechamel sauce. Both were better than I care to describe here.

Finally, filet mignon. We got it rare, and it came out on a bed of velvety mashed potatoes, some kind of cream sauce, and young (still green) peppercorns. Did I mention it's an 8 ounce filet? Yeah, there's that.

So, clearly, this is a restaurant for fatties. Sign me up.

I think if I ordered the appropriate amount of food for us, this would have been 60 dollar dinner. Which is affordable enough for me to come here way more often than I should.

I also liked the modernized interior. It was reminiscent of an old villa, if it were built in the 21st century.

Check it out. For your health.
BYO. My favorites are the pine nut, goat cheese topped portobello appetizer w/ balsamic + evoo (yes you can recreate this when you go home), and the beet-marscarpone ravioli. Or any pasta in the brown butter and sage sauce. Seafood is well executed, quail is a little fiddly. Be careful without reservations in the wintertime- gets chilly outside or even inside by the door. Outdoor seating is nice, service will never be annoyed with you for dawdling after your meal. Nothing larger than a 4 top although they'll put together tables. Also it can get noisy in the dining room- it's all hard surfaces so noise rebounds in this little box and it can be high volume even when the restaurant is less than half full.
I thought this place was quaint and the atmosphere was nice. The only downside was that it was quite loud. However by around 9pm, the crowd starts to thin out, so it was fine. We were able to get a reservation (same-day), which was great - and for a larger group of 5.

My experience overall was A-OK at Melograno. I did have a wonderful salad of the day that consisted of grilled/sliced artichokes and arugula. My main dish was a pappardelle pasta (tomato based) with shrimp (literally three pieces) and scallops. It was simply ok. I had the warm spiced chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream that was good, but not out of this world.
3 friends and I came here for the restaurant week menu. It was quite amazing.

For starters, we ordered the proscuitto salad, calamari, and meatballs. None of these were particularly outstanding in my opinion, but they were quite gigantic portions especially compared to other restaurants that tend to skimp out, and especially given this was restaurant week where hordes of cheap diners (cough us) come to places that they can't afford :)

For the main course, I ordered the fish of the day, something I still can't pronounce, but which was served with garlic mashed potatoes, shrimp, and calamari. My friends also ordered the fish and a scallops + pork belly dish. The fish was very well cooked and seemed pretty fresh. Nothing like out of the lake fresh after an afternoon fishing, but it certainly filled my seafood craving. The scallops and pork belly were really well made, with a crispy outer layer but the inside being nice and tender.

Finally we had creme brulee and molten chocolate cake for dessert. Both were delicious and made well.

I think what really makes this place stand out though is the ambiance and atmosphere. It's not a loud byo, but it's not a super quiet conversation place either. Instead, it seems to appeal to all of the above! It'd be great for a date night, or just casual conversation, or for a 6-8 person group. Food was great and delicious, waiters were very attentive, almost a little too much sometimes, and I'd come back.
i just had a flawless dinner at melograno.  mussels in a white wine sauce, beet salad with pears, goat cheese and walnuts, and a spaghetti with clams in a white wine sauce (same as the mussels i think - also both dishes with large whole pieces of garlic).  everything was cooked perfectly.  best mussels and best spaghetti i've had in this city.  loved my dinner.  walked in from the street and got a table right away - lucky us!  i'll be back here again and often.  prices were great for food this yummy.
I've only been here once, but had a great meal.  I tried the escargot soup (very good), the homemade parpardelle with wild boar ragu (fantastic) and black cod with white truffle sauce (decadent and cooked perfectly).  Desserts were ok and a latte was delicious.

Our waitress had very little to offer in excitement or a smile, but go the job done.  I usually don't care about this and think 85% of dining is about the food, but she seemed so matter of fact I feel compelled to mention it.
Melograno is pretty darn good.

Fritturina di Alborelle - hey, little smelt fish all fried up and served with a lemon mayo.  I liked it.  Eating small sea-life whole is just the thing you need if you want to feel like a Titan, ravenously consuming mortal bodies to feed your endless hunger.

Mozzarella in Carrozza - I liked this too.  To be really fair, it is fried cheese and is basically impossible to screw up.

Antipasto Rustico - Pretty good but did not blow me away.

Pappardelle Tartufate - Very tasty.

Fish special- They offered a fried fish special of some sort.  I'll level with you dear reader, I don't remember what it was.  I had been enjoying a great deal of wine and I do remember the fish had a strange name...Ovo...Ova?  Nah, It couldn't have been ova because that is ridiculous.  I suppose I could google the answer or call them up but that would take precious seconds away from my extraordinarily busy day.  I guess what I'm trying to say is - If they offer a fish special with a funny name, then get it because it is good.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this establishment is Blade.
Get the Papparadelle Tartufate!
----
I used to go here pretty regularly a few years back, before they moved to their (much larger) current location - so I was completely lost when Yelp told me to head to Rittenhouse Square.  But on the plus side, it's no longer the cramped / smoky / aggravatingly long wait that it used to be.  They still don't take reservations, but now that the dining area has almost tripled in size, it doesn't seem like it will be much of an issue any longer. 

After weeks of taking pot shots at Olive Garden, I decided to take my GF here to show her amazing Italian/Tuscan fare. 

Overall, it was a very good experience, as shown below.  I would love to give it 5 stars, but that would encourage it to rest on its laurels rather than continuously strive for excellence.

Bread: B-, because it was cold and hard.  

Crispy smelt fries: B+, very interesting. Sauce was unique. 

Antipasti of shrimp, cannelini beans, squid on a bed of baby spinach: A-, a very light and citrusy option. A hit with both of us.     

***Papradelle tartufate: A+, just like I remember it!. Freshly made pasta cooked al dente, savory mushrooms, topped with pecorino cheese. A carnivore such as myself would regularly order this without hesitation.    It was so good, I found myself licking the plate afterwards.***

Grilled lamb chop two ways (special): B, the grilled chop was good, but the simmered chop was not simmered enough (a bit too tough)

Goat's milk geese and raspberry (special): B-, as I wasn't much of a fan of its gritty texture. Even the confectioner's sugar and raspberry couldn't salvage it.

Service: B, even though our waitress was friendly, she was rather unattentive and completely forgot that I asked for a cocktail napkin to get rid of my gum (I'm too old to stick it under the table).  On the plus side, she never rushed us out, even though they were cleaning up and getting ready to close.

Minor quirks notwithstanding, we will definitely be back next time.
BYOB italian restaurant that does it right! Came here on a date night and had a great meal.

Pappardelle tartufate - this was amazing. Wide pasta in a mushroom sauce with walnuts. The sauce wasn't heavy and it was the right amount to be able to still taste the quality of the pasta.

Lamb shank - fall off the bone and flavored just right. Most places tend to oversalt these things, but not here. I was able to taste the meat of the lamb.

Bread pudding w/ salted caramel gelato - the gelato was a tad too sweet for me and the bread was just ehhh. The apples in it were good and tart, but I don't think it was cooked enough. I don't think I would get this again.

I will definitely be back to try other meal dishes.
Pizza is pretty great, can't go wrong with the pairing of the ovum (carbonara) and a Margherita however some of their dinner courses are suboptimal. It's worth noting we've never tried any seafood courses which may be good.
Wine before water
Simple, elegant decor
Super helpful staff

The ladyfriend's folks were in town for a few days, and we capped their visit with dinner at Melograno. The BYO on the less-traveled Sansom Street was exactly what we wanted. A diverse menu that wasn't overwhelming and a quiet setting that wasn't lit like a dungeon.

The majority of the dining room is one large, open space, complete with a full look into the kitchen; it makes the whole place feel like eating at home in some regards, and the smells wafting over the whole room don't hurt either.

As soon as we sat down the waiter came over and uncorked our bottle of wine, even before the water glasses were filled. My kind of place. The service overall was very attentive; fairly standard for a Tuesday night. The room was pretty busy too, which makes the good service all the more impressive.

We started with the Antipasto Rustico, a generous portion of assorted meats, cheese and vegetables that set up the meal nicely. The grilled zucchini was delicious, and the various spreads hit the spot. It's a perfect dish to share, with a little something for everyone even if they're kind of picky.

Second was the Pappardelle Tartufate, a super delicious plate of homemade pasta topped with mushrooms that were almost like shredded beef. The chopped walnuts added a perfect crunch and the pecorino tied everything together nicely.

For the main, I enjoyed the Sella di Coniglio Ripiena for those not up on their Italian, that's rabbit stuffed with prosciutto & spinach. The meat was a little dry, but the spinach more than made up for it. It is served over a   potato puree, which was the perfect vehicle for sopping up the rest of the cream and white wine sauce topping the whole thing.

We skipped dessert, but they had a very enticing list none the less. The meal itself was perfect, the atmosphere very conducive to conversation, and the staff was more than helpful.

One note about Melograno: don't forget to stop and pick up some wine, because they don't actually have any alcohol there. On the positive, if you make a reservation they're quick to let you know that on the phone instead of when you walk in the door.
I am a little biased because I was a frequent visitor when they were on 22nd and Spruce. As the other reviews allude to, it thrived as a perfect combination of cozy ambience and quality food  before Meme bumped them out. The new spot is admittedly a little less personable, being multiple rooms with higher ceilings. I also have to say that they seem a little too rushed now-- dinner comes out within 5 minutes of ordering, and as soon as your last bite is in your mouth, you begin to get looks pushing you to the door. 
But I'm a loyal guy and the food continues to be glorious, so I'm still giving it a 4. 

Food to get: Mushroom pasta (Pappardelle Tartufate) or the Porterhouse Steak (Bistecca Alla Fiorentina)...I can say with researched confidence that both plates are among the best in their respective 'dinner genres' in the city-- that's something for 2 plates from a small BYO so far apart on the food spectrum. 

Staff: Now that it's a little bigger, they have added to their wait staff which takes away from the familiar/familial feel. Last time I was there, my waitress was a bit spacey (but that just added to the meal). More to the point, the owner chef and his wife hostess (and sometimes chef?) continue to be visible, along with their inviting smiles. 

Check it out...you won't be sorry. Just don't go expecting a long, relaxing meal.
The food was good. Decor, service and location were excellent.  

The sound level was deafening, however. 95 decibels constant (equivalent to a jackhammer at 50' or a subway train at 200') with occasional forays into 100 decibels (snowmobile, motorcycle - a level at which sustained exposure may result in hearing loss). Conversation was impossible.

I would return to this restaurant only if serious sound deadening measures were taken.
An old favorite with great pasta dishes - mushroom pappardelle and wild boar pappardelle are standouts.  Bring a bottle of red and enjoy the bread basket (but you often have to ask for it). The space on Sansom street is bigger than its old Spruce St. location (when you couldn't get a table) but it's a little less cozy and unique-looking than it was there. Melograno has more competition in the byob arena in recent years - since the service is sometimes variable I'm giving it 3 (and 1/2) stars.
This is one of the best restaurants we've ever been to. Not for the ambiance or environment but for the delicious food. The place was nice and simple but the food was so flavorful. 
I had been recommended to try the rustico platter and we did. My husband wanted to lick the platter once we finished lol 
I went on to order the 
 tortufate pasta, divine! My husband ordered the lamb for his main course and I, the smoked Porkchop. Both very tasty and cooked to perfection. Although, between the two of them, I preferred the lamb. 
I wish I lived nearby so I could dine here more frequently.  Definitely worth it.
Okay all my friends agree....if you have been here more than once you have had the entire menu! ( especially if you are a pescatarian!)

I had the grilled plate of seafood, which was a delight except the calamari could have been grilled more

My friend and I both had the same salad and mine came with more cheese. they brought out some more cheese for her, but a great waiter would have noticed this or the person making the salad?

This place is too big and I had to listen to the princess next to me whine about a mouse problem in her apartment..

I miss the spruce street locale
Double date night!
We came here for dinner before our Helium show at 10pm. We arrived promptly at 7pm for our reservation and was immediately seated.
Peering through the window gave the impression that the restaurant was a very small space, but much to my delight, it was very roomy and could accomodate numerous patrons, which is great since BYOB table tops are a prized spot on a weekend night. The light fixtures were sweet and there is a rustic chandelier further back into the space, created a nice backdrop. It was a nice little cozy spot for an intimate date.
Our waitress while very pleasant,  albeit seemed very distracted and overwhelmed with the Saturday night crowd. She made some great recommendations, but when asked about some dishes, she was a doe caught in headlights and had to keep referring to the kitchen for our answers.
I started with the Insalata Melograno, the salad was very fresh and perfectly dressed.  My husband had the meatballs which they all raved about, my friend's Prosciutto di Parma e Rucola made me want to switch my antipasti choice, and the snail bruschetta, I hear was flavorful, I didn't taste as I wasn't feeling so well, however there was a substantial amount of gastropod on his plate!
We split some kind of fetticini with marinara sauce and our friends had the Pappardelle Al Raga di Cinghiale. The pasta was a nice al dente and really perfectly tossed in sauce, I'm assuming the papperdelle was tasty as well, because when I looked up, their plates were cleaned. I had the filet mignon. which was cooked a perfect medium, however I found the peppercorns a little strong for my liking, the potato puree was light and fluffy, my husband had Cotoletta alla Senese, he was indifferent one way or the other.  I can't remember what the other two entrees were, but again the plates were cleared so I suppose they were pretty happy with their meals. The restaurant was louder than normal, so it was a bit difficult to carry a conversation.

My favorite dish of the night was the vanilla panna cotta with fresh berries, it was  done well and the perfect firmness, the vanilla added a hint of flavor to the dish. The presentation could have been cleaned up a little bit, the plate  was substantially larger than the dessert itself, it just looked very odd.

The flighty waitress had an issue dividing our bill per our request, she could have asked us if she was unsure, however, she had to rerun our cards, not a major issue, she was very apologetic and couldn't be nicer, but still we were trying to get out the door to see a show so the hold up was a little annoying.  The service could use a tune up but the food was nice, so I will give it a thumbs up!
The night started out a bit awkwardly.  We had originally planned on 4 of us eating but at the last minute we had a 5th dining companion join us, so we had to move tables.  Since it was Sunday night, after 8PM, and the restaurant was only about 1/3rd full, this shouldn't have been too big of a deal.  But apparently it was.  

There seemed to be some sort of argument between our waitress and the hostess about our table change which was obvious.....and awkward.  Also we were asked about 3-4 times if our 5th companion "would be here soon?  Are you sure they are coming SOON?"  I get it.  You normally don't seat people until the entire party is there, but again, the place was kind of empty and we weren't holding up any seats from any other patrons.

I just don't like the feeling like I'm being some sort of imposition when my 4 friends and I are here to pay lots of money to eat your food.

In this day and age of Yelp and the internet, everyone is Craig LeBan.

But anyways...the waitress ended up being very friendly.

I got the artichoke to start.  It's listed as a side, but I got it as an appetizer.  It was VERY good and done in a light oil and seasoning.  YUM.

For my entree, I got the pumpkin ravioli and it was delicious.  I had a bite of my friend's mushroom pasta signature dish and I have to admit, I was a bit jealous I didn't order that. 

For dessert I got the panna cotta.  I would totally order this again.  Not only was it beautiful, but it was light and tasty.

I love BYOBs and the interior of the new location is stylish and spacious.

Extra points for people watching.  Seated at the table next to us was a trophy girlfriend and man combo.  She was in her mid twenties and he was in his late sixties - not a father daughter combo, more like a granddaughter and grandfather combo.  Our questions as to the nature of their relationship were answered  at the end of their meal when they stood up and he kneaded her ass like it was a ball of dough for about 60 seconds as we all stared.  I guess if you really want a LV bag and fur coat that is one way to get it without paying for it yourself....Getchusome GURL.
Food was good, pricing was reasonable.

When we finished our meal, we got caught up in conversation and didn't get up right away. They wanted to seat some larger parties that couldn't be seated at the smaller tables that were available and wanted us to go, which was fine. 

What wasn't fine was how the owner came over to us said "hey guys, I need your table" as if we were part of his kitchen staff. There are polite ways to ask for a table and this wasn't one of them. There are plenty of good Italian places in Philly; I won't be coming back.
The byob feature of Melograno made it one of our choices for restaurant week, and it turned out to be a pretty good choice.

Parking- we found street parking close by around 6:15pm, however, by 6:30 all the available spots behind us were taken. If planning a visit, keep  in mind that the surrounding area can get quite busy.

Food: The burrata appetizer, salmon and lamb chop mains were fantastic. Perfectly done. The granchio was also pretty good, perfectly cooked pasta with lots of crabmeat. But, a pinch less salt would have been perfect. Polpo appetizer was very nicely grilled. The spinach that came with the lamb also had a touch too much salt, and, for us,  the salt that was on the complimentary bread (served with olive oil) wasn't needed.

Service: Our server and the other staff on the floor were good. Friendly and on top of filling up water, removing finished plates, etc. However, our entrees took about 30 minutes to come out, arriving after the table next to us, which was seated about 20 minutes after we were....Granted, the restaurant was pretty busy. The person at the host stand when we came in was also expediting plates at times. Waiters were also assisting incoming customers or letting them know someone would be helping them soon, etc...I appreciated the fact that everyone seemed to be doing their best to ensure a good customer experience during a busy dinner service where several parties had a bit of a wait. Still, the wait between appetizer and main was long enough to be quite noticeable. 

Nonetheless, Looking forward to another experience here !
I went here with my girlfriends for dinner recently. It was very easy to get a reservation on the same day. This place is super cute inside, you can see right into the kitchen! It's also byob so make sure you get some wine before! We started with the special app, it was grilled zucchini and red pepper with burrata cheese. They also give you plenty of delicious bread. For dinner I got the pasta with wild boar sauce which was amazing! They give you the perfect amount so you are full but not over stuffed. For desert we split the tiramisu which was amazing! We also got the gelato trio (vanilla, chocolate, and coffee), which was also great.

The service was great, our waiter was very attentive and everyone was friendly. The manager (I assume) came around asking if we enjoyed our meal and needed anything else. Overall great experience!
We went to Melograno during restaurant week, although we had been meaning to go for quite a long time.  I had heard quite a few rave reviews from friends who swear by the place.  We made a reservation earlier in the day, but we still had to wait for about 30 minutes after our reserved time.  This was not a big deal, since restaurant week is always chaotic, and it was reasonably expected.  

The place is really charming inside and a lot bigger than it looks from the outside.  It is dimly lit and tastefully decorated, which creates a cozy, romantic ambiance that we both enjoyed. 

The food was delicious as well.  We both got the veal, pork, and beef meatballs which were really flavorful.  My dish consisted of breaded chicken topped with prosciutto, arugula, tomato, and fresh mozzarella.  The portion size was more than enough for an entree, and I really enjoyed it.  My girlfriend got the pork chop with creamy polenta and pomegranate reduction.  We were both a little unsure about how the pomegranate would mesh with the rest of the dish, but the whole thing was delicious, and she recommends it to everyone.  For dessert, we got both the chocolate lava cake and creme brulee.  Both were very good, though the portion size of the lava cake was smaller than expected. 

All in all, the food was near perfect.  I would normally give this place five stars, but unfortunately the service was not as flawless as the food.  The hostess was great, but our waitress was completely inattentive.  We went almost thirty minutes without our waitress checking our waters, which were both empty for the majority of that period.  Maybe that sounds like nitpicking, but when you are eating really salty food, thirty minutes is a long time to wait for water.  It wasn't for lack of trying either, because we did try to flag her down several times as she walked by.  Eventually, we were able to get a hold of the hostess as she was seating another table.  We didn't say a word about it or complain at all, but for the rest of the meal, the waitress would not so much as speak to us.  I understand that restaurant week is hectic and her night was close to being over, so this won't stop me from going back or from recommending the place to other people, but hopefully next time the service will be as good as the food.  If it is, I'll definitely add that final star.
Meh. Pizza and salad was not good at all. 

I'm not sure for an Italian place how you can call that pizza! It was like a middle of america type of pizza. Not great. The salad was also not tasty. Plain arugula salad. 

Cannot recommend this place. Also personally not a fan of BYOB Italian, prefer to be able to order wine, but didn't ding it for that. 

Wouldn't recommend it. Other guests at dinner didn't finish their plates of pasta, fish.

Gets 2 stars cause the service was good, and the bread to start was nice.
Popped in here on a Thursday night after showing up for reservations at Porcini, which is right down the street. Porcini was dark and shuttered - and apparently did not see fit to call their reservation list. 

I imagine this is owed to the snow more than anything, but Melograno was able to seat our table of 5 immediately, as there were a few open tables in this normally jam-packed BYO. 

I've been here a few times and the place averages three stars. The food is consistently good, but I find the menu a tad expensive compared to other places I've been with somewhat better food. The atmosphere is good for groups and for a date night (I've been here on both), so the place is versatile. But I've always found the hosts to be a bit abrasive - a simple smile for five snow-covered, cold women coming in off the street would have been nice!

Last night we started with a special appetizer, a gorgonzola-filled crepe with pears that was quite lovely and I had the Pappardelle Al Ragu di Cinghiale (braised wild boar bolognese made with fresh tomatoes and rosemary, finished with parmigiano), for which the sauce could have been a bit more substantial. I generally stick with the pasta when here, though I had a memorable and delightful experience with the Quail one night. 

All in all, a solid BYO that I hit up when in the area.
Delicious Byo.
The rustico platter was great to share. Nice spread of cheeses, meats, veggies, and etc.
Cozze mussels were scrumptious in a nice broth but a bunch of mussels were not opened up.
Great golden beet salad. Nice and light. Golden beets were very thinly sliced.
Pappardelle Tartufate with wild mushrooms and walnut in a light truffle oil was amazing. Best pasta.
We had another pasta in a red sauce that was also very good. Pasta is definitely fresh!
We also had a lamb entree with polenta that was tender and flavorful.
Great food here. Service is nice. The place gets VERY noises on a busy night though.
It would not matter how good the food was.
We just left Melograno. My head is splitting and my ears hurt.
Making matters worse, we dined there with old friends and could not have a  conversation.
For years Melograno has had complaints about the noise level in their restaurant.
For years, they have ignored those complaints.
The average age in the restaurant was 35.  Perhaps this is the generation that not only tolerates loud noise, but revels in it.
Having dinner at Melograno was not that far  from attending a rock concert.
We did not order dessert or coffee.  It was out of the question and we could not wait to bolt for the door.
A restaurant owner who does not make any attempt to do ANYTHING about the madness is not worth having customers.
But................having said that, if people keep coming, and keep allowing this kind of invasion on their ears, why would the owner have to make any changes.
By patronizing this restaurant you are saying, "It's OK to damage my ears."
It's OK for me to pay to be here when you do not care about the comfort of your customers.
Better to have dinner in a bowling alley then at Melograno.
What that says to us is, "I do not care about you. If you keep coming, I will keep disrespecting your comfort."  Same old, same old.
We will never return.  And You.........boycott, until he turns down the volume and sound proofs this place.
Okay so I'd say this place is pretty average. We were not impressed with the appetizers or the lamb dish. I did like the mushroom pasta but the flavor relied heavily on the salt. Overall there wasn't anything very special about the meal but the food wasn't bad. The atmosphere was very nice. I did really like the pana Cota. The chocolate flourless Torte cake was very rich but not outstanding. Enjoyed it fine but probably wouldn't go back.
Okay - I don't know how I had not heard of this place before.  This is a great Italian, little white table cloth BYOB type of spot.  I'm all about the ambiance, which was great here.  The food was brought out promptly and the service was excellent.  We started with the mussels, which were amazing in a white wine garlic and tomato sauce.  They serve a great bread as well good for dipping.  I had the rissoto with portini and goat cheese, which was brought out in a perfect portion size.  This is a classic Italian spot with tables close together, fairly noisy but still great for a date or small to larger parties.
About two months before our wedding we started to search for a rehearsal dinner restaurant.  On a budget, and prioritizing excellent food for our immediate families and bridal party, we were thrilled when Ann (sp?) gave us a call back from Melograno.  

Ann made everything super simple -- no corkage fees at this stellar BYO, 3 course prix fixe menu (where each guest selected their own appetizer, entree, and dessert), and no hidden fees.  There are no private or semi-private spaces, but since we held our rehearsal on a Thursday around 8 pm we had a whole corner of the restaurant to ourselves.  Ann hooked our group of 20 up with two round 6-tops and a long rectangular 8-top, all next to each other.  

Service was superb, food was impressive as always (love Melograno's signature Pappardelle Tartufate), and we never felt rushed.  Many, many thanks to Ann and her team at Melograno.  Highly recommended for medium/ large sized groups.
Amazing! My only regrets are 1) I didn't come here sooner and 2) I can't eat here *every* night!  Despite a long wait (45" for two on a Friday/Saturday and 90" for 4 on a recent Saturday), the food is truly worth it.  Tip: go early, put your name & phone number in and head to Snack Bar (or home) for a glass of wine before dinner.
The atmosphere is buzzing and cozy -- a classy BYO.  Our waitress was the owner's wife, and it was clear that the staff enjoyed being there.
The grilled antipasto starter is delicious and well rounded (not just meats, but lots of veggies too!),. my salad (prosciutto, arugula, Parmesan) was perfect and definitely one to try at home.  All of our entrees were amazing, the pork being declared "the best pork chop ever" and I am still thinking about my scallop & prawn pasta.
We came here on a Friday during early evening.  I got there first, so I walked in and stood behind a couple who had just arrived and were in the middle of being seated.  I waited patiently while the hostess sat the couple.  In the meantime, another couple came in behind me.  Immediately, someone came up and asked if he could help seat them.  Then, the hostess came back and asked them if she could help them.  At that point, I was starting to get peeved.  The hostess saw me walk in, saw me waited, and totally ignored me.  Absolutely an abysmal way to treat guests. I interjected and asked for a table. Her immediate response was whether I was expecting the entire party soon - I lied and said yes so she would seat me.  I lied because there was no reason she shouldn't seat me given that there were many tables open and no one else in queue, and also because I was already annoyed with her customer service. Just one last mention of service quality here - we were interrupted several times by the waiter in mid-conversation.  My experiences at other restaurants have been that waiters/waitresses arrive at the table, wait a second or two for the table to turn its attention to him/her, and then begin.  Here, the guy arrived and just started talking.

So, to the food.  We split the Polpette - for ten bucks we got two meatballs made with pork, veal, and beef topped wtih tomato sauce and pecorino cheese.  A bit pricey at $5 per meatball, but...actually, no buts.  We also shared a plate of fried fish.  I can't remember the name of the dish, but it wasn't that memorable anyway.

For my main dish, I had the Cotoletta alla Senese - a fried chicken breast topped with several slices of prosciutto, arugula, tomatoes, and mozzarella.  The chicken was good, but then again, it's hard to mess up fried chicken.  However, it wasn't anything to write home about either.

Finally, for dessert, we had the Panna Cotta topped with berries.  The panna cotta is about 2.5 inches in diameter, but came out on a 12 inch diameter plate.  That was a bit absurd.  All it did was drew my attention to how little food we got.  At least it tasted good!

So, bad service, OK food.  You decide.
I'm still looking for a restaurant in Philly that beats Melograno. With the prices, it's a place reserved for special occasions, but the meals are always worth it.

I always end up ordering the walnut mushroom pasta, generally as an appetizer, just because it's so hard to pass up. Their fish is amazing - I love the perfectly tender cod.

It's noisy, but cozy. Good for 2-4 people - more than that and you won't be able to hear everyone at the table.
Is it me, or are really good BYOBs becoming scarce?   As I consult my list of really kick-ass BYOBs in the city (that once prided itself on such BYOBS), there have been few that have stood the test of time and maintained impeccable service and food (thank god for HELM, but I digress).

Melograno is like any other run of the mill Italian BYOB. Not amazing, not bad. It's better than some, but nowhere near Monsu, Modo Mio or heck maybe Ulivo? I've said it time and time again, if you do Italian in this city, you better knock it out of the park, because there's competition a plenty.  The new location (and yes, I know it's not new, new - but the newer location) is lovely, airy and ample, but like any good BYOB, I like a smaller, cozier space. I love this stretch of Samson though, so it's better than the old space. The service is good, generic.  The menu is straight forward, without any surprise offerings. The food is not terribly memorable or inventive.
This is a BYOB that doesn't really feel like a BYOB, which may be a good or bad thing. The place is huge, for one thing, and pretty loud, not intimate at all. They take reservations on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays, but (judging from the other reviews) you may have a lengthy wait on the days you have time to go. 

I tried Melograno on a Tuesday night for boyfriend's birthday. The place was pretty packed for a Tuesday, and quite bustling. The waitstaff was very friendly, and when we told her it was our first time she took time to mention some of her favorite dishes.

I ended up getting portobello mushrooms stuffed with goat cheese (delicious) and the tartufate--wild mushroom pasta (which included a parpadelle type noodle, long and flat). Both dishes were straightforward and delicious--not pretentious Italian food at all. 

I'm taking one star off because my boyfriend thought the portions were small. He had the lamb chops--two smallish pieces of roasted lamb with rosemary and a bunch of other spices. 

I will go back, but it's not on the top of my restaurants-to-return-to list.
Have never had a bad meal here. Entrees are always deftly handled, with good attention to transparency of distinct flavors. The only drawbacks are the sometimes long wait for a table on weekends (no reservations) and the decibel level, which can mount to a disconcerting clamor with the tables so close to one another and no soft surfaces to dampen the noise. Nice, friendly service, though.
I've heard good things about Melograno and I was super happy to try it for the first time with a friend visiting me from NY. She lives in Manhattan and have tried real good italian places already and agreed tha tMelograno was pretty darn amazing. On Sundays, they also have prefix menus. So we got one of those and another entree.

-Bread - 2types comes out. the one that looks like a pound cake almost was different and we both loved. 

Sunday prefix ($35)
-App-Calamari Inzimino. So soft cooked with the perfect cannellini beans, tomatoes over baby spinach. $12
-Entree-Pappardelle Tartufate. Omggg. I loved how the pappardelle was cooked so it wasn't too soft yet not too hard but just perfectly chewy. Mixed with gooey  mushroom and the spontaneous crunchiness from the walnuts you get in some bites. $18.
-Dessert- Tiramisu. One of the best fluffy tiramisus I had in center city. Not bready. Not too creamy or cheesy. Comes out slightly chilled in a silver bowl. Enough to share (Too much actually after all the good food, but cannot leave the place without finishing it).

-Entree2-Garganelli al Pesto di Erbe Aromatiche. Omggg. I actually liked this more (whereas my friend liked the entree above more). Flat pasta that are like curled inwards and makes it look like they are round thick noodles.The meat is chunky but so tender and gives the perfect saltiness to the dish. $18. 

BYOB. 
NOT Cash only. 
paid like $33ish each for so much food that melted in our mouths. I definitely recommend anyone to come with friends, families, bf/gf.
I am suprimly sadened by their closing.

explination of events that led to closing: http://www.phillyblog.com/philly/center-city/61304-melograno-closing-july-27th.html
Our top BYOB place was booked for the night for our double date, so instead I we gave this place a try. Definitely exceeded my expectations!

FOOD: 4/5
The food was great in terms of choices and taste. I had meatballs for appetizer and the wild boar ragu for the main course. I also tried the filet and mussels. The meatball was very average and somewhat disappointing, but the wild boar ragu made up for that. The mussels didn't disappoint, and the filet was also pretty good. However, the prices were a bit on the high end for Italian food, and the portions were somewhat small. 

SERVICE: 4/5
We were seated very quickly and overall everyone was very attentive. It was a bit difficult to get the waiter's attention when we wanted to get a photo, but it might just be that it was too loud. 

AMBIANCE: 5/5
Not a bad place for group dinners or a 1 on 1 date. The restaurant is pretty small, but it was small enough where it felt cozy and comfortable.
The Menu at Melagrano has expanded with more meat varieties, more fish dishes.

The mussels are as fantastic as ever; Every table around us was staring as they brought out our appetizer.

What a gem! Check out Melagrano if you get the chance and dont forget your own bottle of wine.
Apparently there is a trend in Philadelphia of corner Italian restaurants, complete with awesome food, cramped tables, and a BYOB/W policy. Melograno perfectly fits the bill for all three. I was almost denied my taste of this culinary delight, for when we showed up at the restaurant at 7:30, the hostess told us that there were no more tables available for the evening. After explaining to her that we were from out of town, she managed to fit us in for the final sitting.

I loved everything about my meal. That same hostess, Rose, went out of her way to make all the guests in the restaurants feel welcome at their home away from home. She did the same for us as well. The service was prompt, attentive, friendly, and professional. And the food...amazing. I tried the mushroom pasta, which was punctuated with a real tuscan earthy flavor. My own dish was a meaty monkfish in a red wine reduction sauce, complemented perfectly with chopped mushrooms and mashed potatoes. Dessert was a ricotta cake with berries, something resembling the texture of a souffle. And the prices! In NYC, all of this would be at least 5 dollars more...per entree!

All in all, a fantastic and memorable meal.
Melograno is hands down my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.  I have never had a meal there I didn't enjoy.  The core staff has not changed in as long as I have been going, which means well trained, skilled, knowledgeable service.  The new location is spacious and attractive.

When last there, I started my meal with an Artichoke Heart appetizer, which was a special, which had a delicate flavor, and was plated beautifully.  Next I had the Melograno Salad, which has a pomegranate balsamic dressing, and is simple and light with four endive leaves to give it a kick.  Finally, I had the Steak, which was served at a perfect medium rare, and came with Cannellini Beans and a green, which I no longer remember, but was tasty.

Although, as is true almost everywhere I go, I tend to order the same things again and again, there are many quality items on the menu, and the specials are always interesting.

There isn't much for vegetarians, but what there is has wonderful seasoning and interesting ingredients.

They are listed as a place that does not take reservations, but this is not strictly true.  They accept reservations Tuesday through Thursday, if you want to try it, but don't have the time or patience to either show up right at 5:30 when they open, or wait for a table.

The outdoor seating is sparse, and I find the sidewalk of Sansom to narrow to make it a realistic place to eat, but the inside is a lovely place for a meal.
We lucked out at 7:00 on a Friday night - no wait for a table for 3.   Last time we tried was on a Saturday night at 8:00, when there was a 2 1/2 hour wait!?!?!  Don't forget, they actually do take reservations during the week!

In my book, Melograno has not missed a step in moving to its new, bigger location on Sansom.   Great casual atmosphere & each dish seemed to be better than the one before.  I highly recommend everything we tried - the artichoke & scallop appetizer left us wondering how anyone could make an artichoke taste so good... the portabella with goat cheese and toasted pine nuts... home made papardelle with anything (mushroom/truffle oil was my favorite)... the foccacia.. the lava cake... the cappucino.  And for the quality of food and experience, the food is very reasonably priced.

Definite contender for favorite BYO in the city!
Much better experience. Went with some friends and we brought a bunch of wine, can't go wrong there.

Ordered the pumpkin ravioli which is on the smaller side for a dish, but was fantastic. Also had some of their bread which is really good. Everyone else was very happy with their dish as well.

The service we had was wonderful, our waiter was funny, not overbearing, but when he did stop by, he always left us laughing.

The noise wasn't so much a problem this time.
Melograno used to be across the street from my apartment, and I was disappointed to see it move. I gave it a little time to work out the kinks with the new larger location and sort of forgot about it existing, but I've been there twice recently, and both times were terrific! 

Both times I went, I went without a reservation, and the lovely hostess (owner and wife of the chef I think?) was so accommodating.  She sat my boyfriend, his mother and me right away on a very busy night.  She actually recognized me from my resemblance to my sister who was a frequent customer at the old location. Crazy right? The next time, she seated our party of 6 with no reservation right away too.  She really is so nice, and really went above and beyond.  She is exactly what you hope for from front of house.

The food was really the star though! Here's what I had and tasted.
First Visit:
- Pappardelle Tartufate - my old standby. Seriously delicious for mushroom lovers. 
- Osso Buco Special w Polenta - tasty and tender, but maybe not the best osso buco I've had
- Mussels - seriously delicious. We weren't going to get this, but a server walked by with a bowl for another table, and the smell was intoxicating and we had to have them.  They taste as good as they smell
- Crostini with grilled raddichio, gorgonzola and sweet pear. Very delicious.

Second Visit: 
- Antipasto platter - this is really big, and I think I liked everything. lots of veggies, grilled and pickled.  The crostini were just just ok.
- Beet Ravioli - ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!! I think this might be only a summer dish, but I'm not sure that I could go back to Melograno and not order this again if it was available. The filling is earthy and sweet, and it comes in a sage butter sauce that is to die for. the crispy sage leaves are so Yum! Every bite was a perfect bite. I used to think my favorite thing was the truffle pappardelle, but this moves into first place for me.
- Strangozzi pasta with pecorino romano sauce with artichokes and black pepper - I almost ordered this, and I'm glad I didn't. The homemade, rustic pasta was delicious. Great texture, but the sauce was only OK. It is the only thing I've had from here that I thought was meh. 
- Seafood Risotto - my sister got this, and I just had a bite and it was so delicious. It is a cool bluish black color, I guess from squid ink, and it was just really flavorful and rich feeling. 
- Pork Special with lentils - I only tasted a little bite of lentils, but they were porky and delicious.

Overall, the food is fantastic here. I might stick to the pastas because they are really something special, but to be fair, I haven't tried very many meat entrées. It's a BYO so don't forget to grab a bottle of wine or something. We forgot the first time and were disappointed without it. The staff is attentive, and the new location is nice and big. If there is any complaint, it would be be that that  larger tables are a tad too close, bc I was unfortunately sitting in a seat close to another table, and a server walked into my chair about every 5 minutes. Seriously though, they could have been stepping on my feet and pulling my hair, and I would have been okay with it if I was eating the beet ravioli.
I would have given Melograno 4 or 5 stars, but for our waiter, Ray. He was rude and unapproachable. He even scolded us at one point. The bus buys were excellent; however, and we always had enough bread and water in our glasses. 

Aside from the particular waiter we had, we really liked the place. Melograno is a cute and casual BYOB with reasonable prices. 

The appetizers were really delicious, as were the entrees. We had mussels with white wine garlic & tomato and pork, veal & beef meatballs in a gorgonzola fondue. Both were really excellent. 

For our main course, two of us enjoyed spaghetti with pancetta, spicy tomato sauce and grated pecorino. The others had pappardelle with braised wild boar ragu' and breaded chicken breast with prosciutto, mozzarella, arugula and fresh tomatoes. Both those dishes were also fantastic!

In conclusion, the food and company were excellent, but due to the waiter something seemed "off" all night.
Took my mom there for her birthday.  We made the reservation through the Amex concierge, and told them so, but we didn't mention anything when we got there, nor was anything special done.  It's BYOB, which we didn't know until we got there.

This place is *loud*.  My wife (an architect) noted that they could easily put in sound absorbing materials to help with this.

I have mixed feelings about the food.  The chef doesn't seem to have a good sense of what goes together.  My mom was disappointed with her salmon special, which was basically salmon doused with salsa.  However, I had the pork chop, which may very well be the most perfectly grilled pork chop I've ever tasted.  Ever.
Although I miss the old location, the new bigger location means getting a table on a Friday night is no longer an hour+ ordeal.  New menu additions are awesome and well executed.  Melograno is easily one of the top italian restaurants in Philly! And it's BYOB! YUM.
This place suffers from the same thing Village Whiskey does--sassy hostesses.  The hostess here acts very unhappy to see you and very exasperated that you want a seat.  The space is huge but it's always very busy.  And the acoustics are terrible so it gets very noisy very easily.  On nice days, there is some outdoor seating though I think dining on Sanosm St kinda sucks.

The food is quite good though.  Their mussels and pastas are yummy.  If I am in an extra good mood and willing to wait or put up with sassiness, I'll be back to this BYO.
I like to think I have an objective perspective, combined with a relatively realistic expectation of the culinary craft.  From time to time I feel compelled to volunteer a scrutinizing eye in the spirit of either serving, or saving the public from similar experiences.  Today I am hoping to save.  Fellow Philadelphian Yelpers, save your time, money, and patience for a more deserving dining establishment than Melograno.  I tend to weight food, atmosphere and service, in that order.  

The menu at Melograno is ordinary at best.  The flavors and ingredient combinations read as tired and unoriginal, and I'm quite certain the Italian Sea Bass and Pan Seared Tuna that myself and my date ordered, were 75% prepared before our order ever made it to the kitchen ( I know how long these dishes take to prepare). 

The atmosphere was fine, but nothing to write home about.  I will commend the exposed kitchen - I enjoy the transparency and honesty of an open kitchen layout.  No one expects any BYO to compete aesthetically with their higher priced and liquor licensed counterparts, but even a little effort would go a long way.  Melograno's ambiance is in-theme with their menu, ordinary at best.        

It was primetime on a busy Saturday night at a restaurant that does not take reservations, yet we were surprisingly seated within 20 minutes - the hostess was kind enough to call my cell while we waited with a glass of wine at Tinto.  The wait service, however, was abysmal.  My date and I were coming off a late lunch, and we planned on going out for drinks after, so we hoped to keep the meal somewhat light.  The waitress actually sneered at me when I ordered.  It took exactly three minutes for our entrees to be shoveled in front of us, from which time fourth we were indignantly ignored.  I actually cleared our plates after at least 10 minutes of shifting and jockeying for elbowroom - I had to set them on the empty table next to us.  

Yelpers, I have a hard time celebrating mediocrity.  For those of you who found Melograno to be a satisfying experience, I envy your optimism.  Nevertheless, I encourage you to branch out.  For those of you considering patronage, please consider my vote - Melograno is the lowest common denominator for BYO fine-dining in Philadelphia.  We can all do much better.
Really disappointing experience. After seeing the menu online, I was pretty excited to try this place for our anniversary. We had reservations for 7pm on a Sunday. When we arrived we had to wait a few minutes for someone to actually come to the front of the restaurant and help us, even after a few staff members clearly noticed us standing up front. A little offputting, but not the end of the world.

We ordered the octopus and a special of the day salad, both of which were okay. We split the boar pappardelle for a first plate, and the pasta was overcooked and there was almost no boar in the dish. I got the bucatini for a main dish, and I didn't bother finishing. It was waaay to saucy (coming from someone who loves sauce) and the pasta was overcooked and goopy. Much like the pappardelle, there was almost no pancetta. 

As for the service, our waitress was very cold. Not bad service, but she was just awkward to interact with. Overall it was a pretty negative experience. Food wasn't awful, but for the price is was incredibly disappointing.
Excellent food.  I have yet to have a bad course here on my 4 visits.  My only complaint is that the menu doesn't vary as much as it should.  If you go twice in 6 months, don't expect to find anything new and either to go for the specials or go for what you decided against the last time.  The positive thing is all the food is so good, this isn't the downer it could be.

Be prepared for a long wait, especially on Fridays but it is definitely worth it.  If you live nearby, you can drop in and they will ring you just before your table is ready so you don't have to hang around outside.  Likewise, if you don't live nearby, you can find a local bar and sit there until they are ready to go.

I highly recommend the Branzino, it is beautifully done.
The customer service when I called for a reservation for a large party was so unprofessional and unhelpful that we never even made it to the restaurant this time around.  I had called and left a message and did not receive a call back.  When I called again, I was told there was no availability.  I know via urbanspoon that it would've been available if my phone call had been returned in a timely manner.  To top it off, I was faced with attitude.  They should consider who they elect to answer their phones.The quality of the food isn't high enough for me to put up with that.   There are plenty better BYOB's in this city.
The day before a race in town a few weekends back, my wife and I grabbed dinner at Melograno. When we were in school in Philly, we walked by this restaurant several times on the way to Vic's down the street, but I had never made it in before this year. It was quite packed on Friday, and a reservation was definitely a good call for this cozy restaurant that has NYC-style spacing between tables (read: not much). The upshot of being close by to others is the table next to us did not finish their bottle of wine - so they offered us a couple glasses! Unfortunately the service was less hospitable, with menus taking a while to arrive and our waitress being inattentive in general. Perhaps it is better in a slower environment, but it was quite impersonal and at odds with the atmosphere of the restaurant.

We started out sharing the meatballs. While the tomato sauce was rich, I found the meatballs to simply be overdone - they were dried out and a bit on the rubbery side. While it still had decent flavoring, the texture was simply not up to snuff given the overcooking. My wife and I both ended up doing the pappardelle; she went with the truffled mushrooms, while I did the wild boar ragu. Mine was the worse of the two; I felt the ragu did not stand out at all in terms of flavoring, as it tasted like a generic tomato-based sauce with pieces of meat here and there (and let me tell you - there was very little actual meat in the sauce, as far as I could tell). The pappardelle with the wild mushrooms, though, was delicious; I really enjoyed the walnuts that added a bit of crunchy texture to each bite, and the truffle oil added that nice richness as a bit more of a bold flavor on top of the wild mushrooms.

While my wife's dish was impeccably done, I couldn't really understand why the rest of the meal was pretty disappointing overall. The value is decent, and I like the old-school feel of the restaurant, but the quality definitely came off as inconsistent. Combined with service that didn't really seem to care, and you have an experience that I probably wouldn't be seeking out that much.
Another fabulous neighborhood BYOB- why doesn't DC have this?! Great atmosphere, reliable food, and walkable to rittenhouse, Melograno is comfortable italian food without too much fuss.  

downside of being a cute neigborhood BYO near rittenhouse? having to wait for a table...be sure to call ahead as this cozy restaurant fills up fast!
This isn't my favorite Italian place in the area (that's another place in Haddonfield, NJ check out my review), but it was definitely worth the night out here. I would come again. 

Everything we had here was very good. But the only thing that stood out was the panna cotta dessert. 

We had mussels and calamari for an appetizer. Both were very good.

Then the mushroom pasta, which was also very good. This is a dish I get whenever I see it on the menu. This wasn't the best of this dish I've had, but it was very good. I'd order it again. 

The filet was cooked perfect to order and the sauce was absolutely delicious. The salmon was cooked simple with herbs, but was also very good. 

The panna cotta was divine. The vanilla flavor was incredible. Unfortunately this simple, understated dessert stole the show.

Most importantly, service was spot on. Everyone was pleasant. 

Writing this review was difficult. Everything was very good, but nothing really stood out as extraordinary. 

My husband's in a wheelchair, so when it comes to finding a decent non-chain restaurant (especially in the city) that is wheelchair accessible, it is VERY difficult. Which is very frustrating to these two self-proclaimed foodies. So even though it wasn't extraordinary, it was still very good, and we'd certainly go back. 

BYOB!
We found flies in our food. And when we told the waiter they wouldn't let us speak to management. Awful experience. We took this picture as the waiter kept taking away our plates and telling us we'd got it wrong and that it wasn't flies it was sediment.
Love this place - stinks they don't take reservations but it's worth the wait.  Great for tables of 2 or 8 and BYOB which is nice as well.

My husband loves the pumpkin ravioli when in season and I usually get the mushrom pasta but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  We also usually get the anit-pasta plate which is more than enough for 2 people and would be perfect for 4.
First, be careful with on-street parking. Although I paid at a kiosk, there was an obscure No Parking - Loading Zone sign. My penalty from the great City of Philadelphia: $51.00. Our Melagrano's waiter was great (Elind); the food only fair. Pasta dishes were pedestrian (I make better at home - always my yardstick for rating restaurants). My lamb dish was fatty and without much flavor (suspect it sat in watery juice too long). All in all, not a bad experience, saved by being with my lovely wife and daughter. Big Dave from Ambler, PA.
The best restaurant in town!  We really like it and come pretty often-always had a great time. Both pasta and meat dishes are superb. They take reservation on weekdays but on weekends be sure either to come early or to be willing to wait up to an hour. Starters cost around 10$, pasta ~ 15$, meat 25$.
I had my birthday dinner here, a group of 8 of us. The restaurant was accommodating even though they had a packed house of reservations full of large parties that evening. 

I have a tomato allergy, so it's incredibly difficult for me to enjoy an Italian restaurant, as I want everything on the menu, but there are only about 5 things on a normal menu I can now eat. I was able to get a full three course meal without even a thought of having to worry about my allergy. I got the Insalata Melograno, and of course just asked them to hold the tomatoes, followed that up with my entree which was the Filetto al Pepe Verde, and something chocolate for dessert. I was so impressed with my meal, the service, the accommodations, everything. My favorite part though, BYOB. Who doesn't love an incredible meal with your own alcohol?
Waited way too long to try this place on, but with no reservations on the weekend, took the midweek route to ease into a most delectable meal. With its focus on simple Tuscan flavors, the appetizers are were simply solid, but oh did the entrees deliver. To boot, the location offers one of the city's most unexpected people watching corners. Only downer - these folks love the A/C, and it was cranked high enough on an otherwise pleasant autumnal eve to cool our meals soonafter they arrived.

That said, visit two will probably hoist this into a fiver. Stars, that is.
FRIDAY - (Rude Staff who keeps checking their watch)

Me and my boyfriend went here on a Friday night. He doesn't get off work until 9:30ish so we arrived at Melograno around 9:45-50. We were welcomed by a hostess who greeted us with a, "Oh, let me check if we're still sitting people..." (THE PLACE WAS PACKED) but we learned that their kitchen closes at 9:45 (WEIRD its FRIDAY PEOPLE???) 

Immediately we were a little turned off. Well, they took us and we sat down and gave our waiter our orders (who was not listening in the least). About 3 min later he comes back, "Uhh, what did you order?" .... CMON MAN?!?! we ordered 2 fricken pasta dishes. 

Anyways.... we asked for more bread 3X and finally said something and our waiter responded... "Oh..." not even a sorry or a screw u or anything!!! UGGHH... (his tip was not good). 

Ok. to some it up... good food, rude and unthoughtful staff

- EVERYONE seems preoccupied with leaving (even though the place was packed!!)

-We will NOT be going here again.....
Excellent food and amazing service.  We visited malgrano to celebrate a birthday.  All the appetizers were great but i loved the cheese flan type one.  Unfortunately i don't remember the correct name.  I had the pork chop with polenta.  It was awesome.  The half roasted chicken was the hit of the table.          My FIL said the chocolate cake was outstanding.   My tiramisu was really good but wasn't mind blowing.   My only complaint is that it was very loud and hard to carry on a conversation.
We eat here a few times a year - live in the neighborhood but have about 100 other choices in the few blocks between us and them otherwise would be much more frequent.  The food is really outstanding, especially the homemade pasta dishes.  Service is great too, and BYO makes it great value for what you get, even if a few of the entrees are priced in the high side (but our 2 app 2 pasta 2 dessert dinner totaled $88).  Last night I strayed outside the usual standards like the boar ragu ... and had (you're not going to believe this) a cocoa pasta with goat and goat cheese ragu... NOT something I would make at home, and it was utterly delicious.  As were our appetizers and desserts- sambuca panna cotta YUM.  The only reason I sometimes hesitate to recommend this place is that the noise level inside is very high, making dinner conversation a challenge (and the vicious cycle of everyone in the large vaulted room raising their voice)... I wish they would put in some kind of sound absorbers.
It was our first time in Philly, and we had a nice dinner at Melograno on a Friday night in November. We were a party of 8. The restaurant has a nice romantic feel and the food was delicious. The restaurant is BYOB so you can bring your own wine. For the appetizers, we had the Cozze (sauteed mussels in a spicy white wine garlic sauce) and Calamari Puttanesca (in a spicy tomato sauce.) Both were excellent. For my entree, I had the Pappardelle Tartufate (wild mushroom, walnuts, truffle oil, pecorino toscano) and it was delicious. Everyone enjoyed their food. For dessert, I had the Granny Smith Apple Walnut Bread Pudding with Sea Salt Caramel Gelato. The service was great, the food was good, and we had a wonderful relaxing dinner in Philly. Our bill for the 8 of us was just under $300, not including tip.
The food here is undeniably  awesome.  The waitress seemed fun and had great energy, but you could also tell she was ready to get the hell out of there since we were her last table.

The grilled squid with eggplant marmalade was delicious.  There just wasn't enough of the perfectly cooked, melt-in-your-mouth squid.  It was not really an appetizer meant for sharing.  It was also over a bed of bland, blanched string beans that I didn't really care for.  The string bean's purpose was to buffer up the dish and give you less squid.  The pappardelle with wild mushrooms, roasted walnuts, and truffle oil was excellent.  The walnuts provided the perfect texture and crunch with the homemade pappardelle pasta.  

The unfortunate thing about this dining experience is that I promised my starving boyfriend I'd bring him back some pappardelle with wild boar.  I told the waitress at the start of dinner that I'd be ordering something to go.  She told me to remind her at the end of dinner, before we ordered dessert.  The only problem was, it took her FOREVER to take our dessert order.  She was sitting 2 tables away from us, busily counting out her tips and closing out the night.  We tried to get her attention and 2 of the other servers even tapped her on the shoulder, but she was just not even going to look over at us until she was done counting out her tips for the night.  As we were waiting, I saw the kitchen closing up.  When the waitress finally came over, I asked her about ordering the dish to go, she was like "oh, sorry the kitchen closed early."  Um, no the kitchen didn't close early.  You just waited until it closed to come over to take our order.

All in all, I'd definitely come back for the food, but I'd make sure I was getting dinner well before closing.
I was in Philly for work for a few days. Here's where I ate:

Thursday: Il Portico, gross.
Friday: Maggiano's, almost gross.
Saturday: Melograno, awesome.

I can't remember ever going out to a non-Italian dinner in Philly, and this was the best by far. Great atmosphere, the food was delicious. I had the special, ravioli with a mix of ground chicken and sausage. So good. The antipasto plate with lots of sausages and prosciutto and cheese and stuff was great too. 

Melograno is legit. 5 stars.

Remember to bring your own booze.
This place never disappoints.  The reason I am giving it 4 stars is because the dining room is loud.  You have to shout to have a conversation with your dining companion(s).

More importantly, on to the food....it is consistently delicious.  Maybe because we get the same thing every time.  We usually start with the antipasta platter and the mussels, a savory way to start the meal.

On to the entrees...I tend to lean towards the Alle Olive Pappardelle, that has a light red sauce with shrimp and scallops.  My boyfriend recently got the Tuna dish and he ended up licking his plate clean.

We are usually so stuffed after the meal, we walk off dinner on our way to dessert.

P.S. Don't forget your wine bottles, since it is a BYOB.
Join family for dinner here last night.  First time for me but family has been in the past.  Very cute place, service was perfect..very attentive to all of us and other tables too.  Kitchen is very clean...my sister kept telling me how impressed she was with the kitchen...she is also in the food/ restaurant business.  

Food was just so-so for me.  We ordered a bunch of apps the best was the pizza... mushroom was delicious.  For the main meal I had the chicken which was over cooked and dry...I could only eat half.  Others at the table enjoyed there meal so maybe it was just me.  Other had steak, lamb and the salmon.... 2 other had the same chicken as me.

For me my major complaint is how loud this restaurant is.  The so-so food I am actually OK with because I was with family, but the acoustics was what did me in. There were 6 of us and we could not hear each other because it was so loud...I could only speak to the people right next to me.  I could not talk with the people across the table.  For me, I would not go back just because of how loud it is. 

I think one reason to go out with friends and family is to catch up and talk with each other, but if that is what your plan this is not your place.
5 stars from my stomach, heart, mind, you name it. This restaurant made me love pappardelle and mushrooms, two things I didn't care for before coming here.

Order the Pappardelle Tartufate and bring your own wine for an unforgettable evening. Actually, in my case, I drank a little too much wine last time I went which made things a little hazy - except I remember fighting with my best friend over who would finish the Pappardelle. He still owes me that dish next time I'm in Philly.
We heard good things about this place so we celebrated husband's and friend's birthdays here. We liked it here! Louis was our server, and he was really cute, sweet and thoughtful- someone you'd want as a friend. Food was excellent. Grilled octopus was tender, flavorful and delicious (portion is small though just to warn you). The mussels were also lovely- white sauce with lots of garlic. We probably ate 7 baskets of bread because of the delectable broth. Pappardelle Tartufate... had to order it because so many yelpers raved about it. They did not disappoint. Absolutely amazing. I will dream about it tonight. Ginger creme brûlée and tiramisu were both really good and was a great way to end the lovely meal. Will definitely come back for special date nights!
