This review is for the bake shop only not for the restaurant 5/5 baked goods

Pumpkin pie 5/5
We picked up a pumpkin pie for my friend's mother and it was way more delicious than my scratch pie. I thought it was delicious and the price was great. 

Vanilla cake with buttercream frosting 5/5
I'm not a buttercream frosting fan but the cake itself was fantastic. People often forget how good the Melrose Diner Bakery still is. I know the menu and the Melrose Diner experience has changed through the years but I think the bakery is still reliable and a good buy.
Truly breaks my heart. It's a shell of its former glory. Faded in every way . It's not even a good diner anymore. Few will remember that this was one of the busiest restaurants in the country at once upon a time. I'm not kidding. It wasn't even full on a Saturday morning. I remember lines out the door at all times. After eating here this time I know why they are not busy. It wasn't horrible. It just wasn't good. Everything from the food 
 to the service was grey and gloomy. I'm not sure why anyone would bother.
This ain't the place to come to if you're in a rush or like a Hello with your meal. I'm from Philly and I totally get the South Philly attitude but sheesh ! I guess a Hey how are you is a bit much to ask for.

The diner is a bit of a hassle to get into because the parking lot has 8 spaces and if you don't get one of those then you're stuck trying to find 2 hour parking on the street. Much of the diner is counter space with about 12 booths and tables along the window side.  

We came here on Presidents Day and it was packed. No hostess, just people standing around waiting for a table or at least a waitress to help them out. We sat at the counter and it was a bad choice for me because I'm 9 months pregnant(won't be doing that again lol).. Our waitress kinda threw our menus down and walked away.  My husband said, I guess she doesn't like us huh.  I said its more like she doesn't know us. He shook his head. I ordered a Fall Harvest salad which was pretty good with chicken and rice soup. He ordered a tuna grinder and said it was tasty. We asked for water and it took her 15 minutes to bring it and the counter wasn't the least bit crowded. She spent more time talking to her regulars. This diner caters to folks over 65 who sit there all day drinking coffee. 

Food is decent ,can't say the same for service.
Coffee, black. Check.

Hot chocolate, with whip cream. Check.

A cozy diner on a chilly night. Double check.

Can't wait to come back for their yummy smelling food and pie!
Time to update my review of this place.  My short review from nearly a year ago no longer will cut it.  I have to say more.  

I have a long history with this place.  Mom used to bring me here when I was a kid.  So I have memories here from back in the 70's.  I always ordered the same thing too.  Chicken cutlet, mashed potatoes with brown gravy, and corn... I think it was called the MP1.  It was a classic there for many years. On occasion, my mom would actually get me a buttercream cake from here for my birthday.  Mom liked to get cakes from South Philly a lot for special occasions.  Just a thing in my family.  Heck, I think I still have one of the old napkins saved in a case that used to have the jingle printed on them.  I got a long history here.  

Yesterday, for my 40th birthday, I felt the need to sit at the counter here and have a slice of my buttercream cake.  And really, the important thing in my mind is that this cake has never changed.  It's still got a lot of real butter in the icing.  The wife had the chocolate layer cake, and called it some of the best she ever had.  I tasted that too, and of course that never changed either.  I had that cake as a kid to, and it's got a chocolately goodness that's not too sweet.  It's, for lack of a better term, perfect!

So I also grabbed some diner food here.  Since the management changed here, the food isn't the same.  I don't think I can still get my old special anymore, and that makes me sad.  But a basic plate of eggs and hash browns with toast for $3.99 still hit the spot.  The wife's order of chicken fingers was highly overpriced at $6.99 for three of them.  Really, management ought to be a little ashamed there.  However, they actually tasted pretty decent for what they were.  

I'm just thankful they haven't changed the bakery.  That will keep this place on my radar forever.  In talking with Lucille, the waitress who's been there 21 years, she assured me the same guys are running the bakery as they always have.  So they got that going for them.  And as a result, if you ever get a chance to grab a bag of any of their cookies, they are simply the most fantastic cookies in South Philadelphia.  If you don't know about them, find out for yourself.  

Everything else that has happened to this place to take away what made me love it here keeps it at three stars.  But the bakery saves this place.  If that ever changes, the Melrose and I will be no more.
If you're looking for a diner in south Philly to go to, check this place out. Very large menu with lots to choose from. Close to the stadiums for after a game. Homemade cakes and pies right on side, so those you should definitely try (especially the cheesecake). This is part of the Michael's diner group, so if you are familiar, you know what to expect.
I can remember coming here as a little girl. If your party could not fill a large booth, you would be sat with strangers. I will never forget that. It was a bustling place filled with delicious food. This is not the same place. After visiting today I will never return, I will only think of the memory of what it once was. 
The pancakes were yellow and tasted strange. My kids refused to eat them. The breakfast sausage was deep fried, had a strange crust and nearly undercooked on the very inside. The coffee was not good. The booth was dirty. The service was friendly. When I went to use the restroom is was also dirty and there were dozens of flies. That was the nail in the coffin. RIP Melrose Diner.
Honestly I've been coming to Melrose for years and I understand everywhere is getting hit pretty hard. BUT Melrose is starting to look like a scam then a good op' fashion diner. $14 for a ceaser salad. $8 for a bacon egg and cheese, even when you ask them to take away the hash browns that comes with it (because seriously who wants something you have to sit and eat when you ordered something hand held????). It seems like a cash grab and it's losing its integrity. Food is a strong 6/10. I just hope they get their act together or change management because it just seems greedy. 

P.S. this is the menu from Brunics literally right up the street. Way more fair pricing and bigger portions. I'd say support someone who supports the people in the community. Instead of someone just trying to take money.
I received terrible customer service from the Melrose on March 2.  I've been there many times over the years, but lets face it, I only go there because its the only place open 24 hrs near my home.   I was there late having dinner with a male friend. The waiter kept coming by asking if we were ok. I said we were fine.  After they stared at us, came by 3-4 times I asked if there was a problem. Then they sent a manager (?) over who said we were taking up there table and asked us to leave. There were PLENTY of seats at the bar.  I was mad at the way they handled things. The whole restaurant stared at us like we were making trouble!  I've been there late many times over the years, never had a problem. I got upset but I apologized for being there so long. But I've never been asked to leave a restaurant unless they were closing.

I initially feared it was a racial issue, since I was there with a white male friend.  The lady at the front even 'jokingly' said, after I apologized,  'If you wanna stay somewhere all night, get a hotel'!  It's ok Melrose, you'll never get a dime from me again.
The World Court in The Hague should be notified about the Destroyer of Diner's in Philadelphia known as The Michael's Diner Organization. The eponymous location in Glenside has been awful for years. But then the fungus spread, ruining the twin classic diners, The Melrose and the Mayfair. Where will it end? Who will stop these people? The only advice I can give is if you see sports bar amounts of flat screens suddenly appear in your favorite diner, don't go in. The Michael's Virus has claimed another victim.
*singing* "Everybody who knows, goes to Melrose, everybody who knows goes to Melrose..." - well now I know, and I doubt I'll ever go there again.  Some friends and I went last night after a late movie at UA Riverview.  I was starving, and knew that a diner would most likely be our only option, so one of my friends recommended the Melrose Diner, because she knew it'd be open.  First of all, we went in and this lady with a mean smokers' growl said "seat yourself."  So we went and sat down at this booth that had a little partition in the middle that held menus. There was an interesting mix of diner patrons - I made sure not to make eye contact with anyone.  Our waitress was friendly enough and very attentive.  I started with two cups of coffee - I could barely keep my eyes open and I had to eat and make it back across the bridge.  I ended up ordering my usual diner fare - grilled cheese with tomato and bacon on white, with french fries.  Oh, before I forget, there was this pitcher on the table that looked like it escaped from Carol Brady's kitchen, and upon opening it, we found out it contained some sort of stagnant liquid - needless to say, the lid quickly went back on.  Our food came, and one of my friends ordered shrimp cocktail...at a diner...I know, but it looked ok and she didn't complain, so that was cool.  Everybody else got regular diner fare - grilled cheese and fries, or chicken fingers.  My sandwich was ok - it could have been fried a little longer, and the fries were old and dry.  This is definitely NOT what I expected, especially since I've been hearing the Melrose commercials for years.  Seriously, if you're looking for good diner food, just make your way over to Jersey and go to Mastoris, Penn Queen or the Golden Dawn.  *singing* "If you don't care, go  to Melrose."  Now you "know."
My family and I came here for breakfast around 5:30am after dropping my daughter at the airport. We decided we wanted to come here because it's not too out of the way for us from the airport to come. I've only been to Melrose Diner couple of times in the past and I enjoyed it. I remember older female waitresses serving us in a typical South Philly way (upfront, but not rude, almost like you're at your aunt's house or something). Unfortunately, my experience today was so different. There were handful of customers already eating or waiting for their food. A youngish guy was manning the cash register, upon seeing us he just points towards the seating area, I took that as just pick seats and sit. Then a non smiling male waiter comes and gives us the menu. I tried to be understanding because it's 5:30am and maybe they have been working the graveyard shift. We ordered our food and waited. After 5 minutes or so our waiter comes back and asks us what we ordered 
Then, apparently a regular customer comes in and he must be an important guy. These waiters put coffee on the counter before this important man even gets to the counter. And guess what? These waiters miraculously become attentive to the customers and our waiter even smiled when he came back with our food. Wow... 

Anyway, food is okay. I remembered the food to be better, but maybe that was my little chickling days. I have tasted better diner food elsewhere. The only good thing going is the on-site parking, because this is South Philly after all and parking is difficult to find. Other than that, I will go to other diners. Maybe if I came here during lunch time or dinner time it'll be different, but my breakfast experience was very disappointing.
I Love the Melrose Diner!! I haven't been able to get there in some years because I've moved to Chicago. However what I enjoyed in my teenage & early Young adult years were some items that I will GET EVERY time I visit Philly. I gotta get breakfast WITH SCRAPPLE!!! I must get Veal Parmesan for dinner. I MUST get Buttercream Cake and/or Apple Pie with Vanilla Cream sauce!!!! Just the thought of it makes me wanna buy a airline ticket!!! OMG the food is THAT good!!! The first thing I think about when someone mentions Philly is Melrose Diner.... Then Lee's Hoggies THEN a Chesesteak from Ishkàbibbles on South Street!! OK, I'm finished
I visited my old stomping grounds with my dad a few weeks ago....WTF did they do to the Melrose diner!!! Not only did they "remodel" but they took away the ambiance? I am so heartbroken. Yo, no one is old and nasty that works there anymore!!! WTF is that about? What's with the really lame new booths with the divider in the middle? The food was ok, but what happened to the drama -- they revamped all of the personality out of this place including the menu which is like 2 pages. What diner has a 2 page menu? And now that Broad St. diner is closed I will have to stick to Penrose diner or Oregon Avenue diner when I'm in South Philly, I guess. What is the world coming to?
The Melrose is a landmark, classic style. I really enjoy going there, not only has a majority of the staff been working there forever, a majority of the patrons have been patronizing there forever.  It is a very interesting place. To me it typifies what a diner should be. 

I recommend the western omelet, and french toast (not together, your stomach could explode).
"Good things to eat around the clock," says the take-out bag from Melrose Diner. A typical late night diner rendezvous here, for us, has more to do with the "around the clock," aspect of the place than anything.

Though Melrose has the extensive diner menu that you might expect, my official statement is that I stick with a breakfast choices here. Breakfast sandwiches, or omelets with home fries and toast are usually my soakers of choice. I've had bites of others' random hot turkey sandwich type choices, and I s'pose they were fine, but my spidey senses tell me that breakfast is how the ole gal should roll.

If you're a night owl hooting out on a weekend night you might find that you're repeating a certain Whodini song's hook to yourself as you'll likely be surrounded by other humans who've emptied out of the bars, or asylums or whatever. Sing: The freaks come out at night. The freaks come out at night.

Day or night, drunk or sober as a juuuudge (I know, so rarely), we've received good service. Often times, I'd go so far as saying that it's even been friendly. Yes, I'd go that far.

Oh I may be coming off all medium-low-enthusiastic about this place... I really do like it, though maybe lackadaisically. I appreciate the comfortable old diner most of all for their late late night griddling.

And cake.
Besides all of the lovely smiles at the Melrose Diner...i was so disappointed with the service and food. Sure, the prices arent bad, but take yourself to Penrose before you step in here. We waited a good 15 minutes before the waitress (AT THE BAR) finally decided to come over to us...then she messed up our drinks, which is so freaking basic...i knew it was going to get worse. We order our norm, 2 eggs over easy, bacon, fries.......the bacon was so undercooked it was not even edible. My eggs were overcooked......she charged us the wrong amount. We asked another waitress about helping us with our bill or grabbing our waitress and she shunned us off and then continued to tell the dishwasher how amazing he was.......and how good he was at his job. So annoying..never...going back here.
I won't add to what everyone else said because everyone is right, whether they love it or hate it.

I will say that they have Very good creamed chip beef but they run out early on weekends.
Average old school diner that has evidently struggled with changing ownership and identity. Hit or miss service. One waitress always waits on my table while clearly high. For every 5 times I've gone, there's been 1 time we had to get up at leave after waiting for 20 minutes with not a chance of being waited on. 

It might sound like I'm hating but when it comes down to it, I crave their crispy chicken wrap on a regular basis and will usually put up with whatever antics Melrose is up to that night just to have it. 

Their chocolate layer cake and cheesecakes are pretty good. Hopefully you can snag a fresh piece since they are pre-sliced and covered in plastic wrap on a shelf in the kitchen.
Melrose is your typical diner nothing special or bad about it. 
What makes it stand out is it's bakery! The Butter Cream Layer Cake is the star of the diner. When in South Philly, if I pass Melrose and there is a parking spot....I'll drop everything to get a slice of that cake. It's real buttercream it's so buttery with out being just butter. It's amazing.
However, I'm a little disappointed. I ordered a Butter Cream Layer Cake (you have to say the whole thing, sorta like A Tribe Called Quest) via postmates to be delivered to my mom's job for her birthday, as I live in another state. I called ahead to ask if they decorate. I was told "yes and that the plain was $13, the first level of decoration was $22, the next level $28 and the top level $35" ...Since my mom isn't into fancy I went with the first level and requested it say "happy birthday" and her name.  She was delighted but when she sent me the picture I was dumbfounded. I paid an extra $9 for what most bakeries do better for free! It just wasn't worth it.  It looked cartoonish and childish. Also her name is going off the cake a bit, which bothers me but my actually found charming so whatever. 
Picture attached...Yelpers tell me if this decoration was worth the up-charge?
The service and food were always good every time. Last time I was here was after the Phillies won the World Series and people were roaming Broad Street. My boy and I were too hungry to wait to walk back to our place to eat so we stopped in. The diner wasn't too busy, the patrons only went into a Phillies cheer once while we were there. We just sat at the counter and ordered cheeseburgers. I had medium rare and he wanted medium well. I thought the burger tasted closer to medium well than rare but it was tasty nonetheless. It was a nice sized burger, too. 

I've been here for breakfast, too. The food was fine, nothing to praise. We were sitting at the counter and there was a senior couple sitting across the way. The guy was super picky about his eggs and kept having it redone. 

Only complaint was that when we received our plates we couldn't tell which was which, the server just placed them in front of us. I mean, we were able to figure it out but it's just a little annoying. No big deal.

The parking lot in front of the restaurant is a tight pain in the ass and the metered parking outside of the restaurant are on just about all the time. They don't turn off on Sunday.
Just had the worst experience. Our server and food were great. The manager was a complete crazy person. She was yelling at a new server while standing out our table, screaming "Jesus Christ" over and over. Also, the lady working the register was an uptight,crazy person. I wish I could give a negative review.
This place smells of a unique combination of hospice and urine. But it's the only thing that's open.
I highly suggest you check out the Melrose...but not for the food. In fact, if you're hungry, you might want to eat before you come to breakfast. The reason this old-school diner is so cool is the career waitresses who call everyone "hon, "sweetie," or "baby," can't bear to leave your coffee cup empty and serve up breakfast staples like it was a meal at Le Bec Fin. The decor is straight out of a Tarantino film and there's oldies playing non-stop (which I normally LOATHE but here its so appropriate). Locals abound, but I never felt out of place at the Melrose, the diner that time forgot.
Do not know about customer service.  Since I was alone I was not permitted to sit in a booth even though there were at least 8 empty booths.  I was told I could sit at the counter or at ine of 2 or 3 single tables alongside the side windows where the air conditioning didn't reach abd actual had hot air blowing.  It's 100 degrees outside. I had to find my own menu.  They don't seat you.  Needless to say I decided to leave.  I am now at Oregon Diner enjoying a most delicious cup of mushroom soup.
Melrose is a quaint little dinner located in South Philly. I've been here a couple of times and it's a pretty standard breakfast expierence.  Their strawberry topped waffles, scrambled eggs, and sausage links hit the spot, and are good for the price, but I have had better. 

Service here has been pretty friendly for me personally, so there's no reason for me not to return if I'm looking for a quick cheap breakfast.
Dirty everything! Silverware was horrific so dirty! I asked for clean utensils and the ones they brought out were terrible! Last time I was here it was really nice. The girl at the front told me the owner made some changes for the worse. Not Good...
When our server Robin came over to take our drink order and my cousin sarcastically asked for a whiskey on the rocks and she said move over and I'll join you, I knew she was a keeper. 

It was a breakfast for lunch kind of day for us and we each got a full stack of blueberry pancakes. Mine in particular were bursting with berries. These were some of the best pancakes we've all had in a long, long time. The other two diners got two eggs scrambled and sausage links. I went with bacon and home fries. My side of home fries was pretty massive and I couldn't finish them. 

My family and I all enjoyed our experience so as far as breakfast is concerned I would definitely go again. We were kind of curious about the deserts. There wasn't any on the menu and the case didn't have much of a variety so there was nothing we were interested in taking home. And lastly, the parking lot is hella small. I think eight spaces total, otherwise you have to find street parking and pay.
Boy how this place have fallen. High prices, terrible food, extremely small portions. Order French Toast with the combo breakfast and you get one slice of toast cut in half. Bacon you can see through half  cooked and grits that had no flavor at all. 
Melrose Diner was once a place guaranteed for quality and great food, is less than a shadow of what used to be. So sad.
The thing about Melrose is, along with most other diners, you gotta take it with a grain of salt.  Once you've figured that out, there are a few surprises:

-The French toast: It's the bomb.  Try it for yourself.  You will not be disappointed.
-The turkey burger:  Strangely delicious, and wait for it: homemade!  I've been to restaurants of supposed better caliber, and been served frozen turkey burgers, so I was pleased.

The Melrose won't change your life.  The service can be spotty at busier times.  But it's a diner in the heart of South Philly, and the clientele is a great cross-section of the 'hood (which equals a great people-watching and eavesdropping experience, if you're so inclined).
This place makes me think of my Grandpa dying in hospice.
It smells bad even at 4 am and empty. It's a institutional old person smell a little bit like urine, but also of sadness. 
Sigh.
Well, the food is diner food and there's not much open when I can't sleep.
Eh. Not sure if its because I'm from the diner Mecca of NJ, or if because this diner just isn't good but, well, this diner just isn't good!

Service was average at best. No one greeted us, we just kind of stood awkwardly with a two year old baby while people rushed by us not making eye contact. Whatever... We were sat in a booth and the mgr walked away. Now, did I mention we had a baby in tow? You can imagine everyone's surprise when she was expected to eat sitting in a friggin booth! So we had to flag someone down for a highchair. Not off to a good start.

The food? Blegh! I ordered a salad with "mixed greens, candied walnuts..." Which sounded amazing! What I got was that awful crap iceberg/shredded cabbage bagged mix you get at a horrible picnic. Disgusting. And the walnuts? Not candied.

My sister got the Turkey Rachel which she said was ok.

For $40 we got a gross salad, decent sandwich, and spin dip which looked and tasted like cheese vomit. But in a good way. Because cheese in anything is acceptable.

I'd stay far away from here unless you're coming in for ummmmm, coffee?
I love the Philadelphia food scene,  but sadly  it has never had many "late night" dining options. It occured to me, as we pulled into the parking lot, that I have been coming to the Melrose a couple times a year for over 30 years for just this reason.  
Once we began to eat our late night breakfasts, If it were not for the old murals of the Philadelphia "points of interest" by the doors leading into the kitchen and the lovely waitress -I would have never known that I was at the Melrose. 
The omelettes were  thin, dry,tasteless with extremely sparse filling and it was the worst scrapple that I ever had.
We were so depressed by the food, that we ordered a slice of the famous butter cream cake just to cheer up !.
It was moist, but tasteless as well, now there really is NO REASON TO EVER GO BACK.
When mediocre toast is the high light of the meal you have just eaten then you have truly hit a low point.
We should have known something was up when the older couple next to us told the waitress that they would NOT need containers to take home their barely touched plates of food.
The problem with the Melrose is a lack of class, not class you would find at a expensive dining establishment...the type of class I am talking about is the good down home diner experience, which you can get at some other diners in pa and nj...with gracious waitresses, with name tags, with maybe even a smile.
Melrose Diner has decent food at a fair price. It's typical diner fare and nothing to write home about, but it isn't bad. I didn't care for their banana creme pie, but I've had a lot of other stuff here that was OK. The staff is nice. I always come with my baby and they're always accomodating.

Four years ago I was looking out of Melrose's window at around 3 am and saw a guy put a gun to another guy's head in the middle of the street and lead him down a shadowy alley. I hope he survived. But that's neither here nor there. I of course called the police.

They get an extra star because it used to be my wife's grandfather's all-time favorite restaurant.

They lose a star because the diner smells like pee.
i LOVE this diner. Not for the food, but for the DRAMA!! I used to live in South Philly as a teenager. Only a few blocks from the Melrose for a time, and used to see the craziest shit go down in this place in the wee hours of the morning. The Italians in this neighborhood are the most racist people I've ever experienced in my life, and they are not afraid to yell and say anything to anybody - especially those outside "their race". Well the waitresses are definately a relic of the old neighborhood - so much of that same mafia attitude they should have "MAFIA-OWNED" spinning around on a sign outside. (haha, someone described it as a dicey area--to say the least). In fact, the attitude inside (and outside) the Melrose is really a nutshell of the old-world nasty underbelly of Philadelphia - the burning hate and violent tendencies between different types of people that aren't always apparent to newcomers, and the serious resistance to evolving....especially intellectually--it's the mentality that made me want to leave 11 years ago. And although a lot of gentrification has happened since, so I hear, there's still that underbelly that will always make Philly Philly. The Melrose embodies that. And it's everything you'd expect from a mafia joint. The decor straight out of the 1950's, the waitresses have worked here since then too, and their hairstyles have not changed. But I don't know if they used those words back then cuz in the 90's they had the filthiest, loudest mouths I've ever seen used on customers. It was scary and funny to watch. I used to see some screaming matches go down here between young adults/teenagers coming back from the club  and staff screaming on them real tough (that was back when you could easily get into an underground club downtown when you were underage - I was like 15, 16 going...) when everyone would come to Melrose afterwards (or so it seemed when I was 15-17) . I've seen it all there - hookers and pimps, guys with the 3 and 4 chics they picked up at the club (all at once), ballers and ballerettes, guidos fighting anyone they didn't like, and most of all the old nasty waitresses curse about people or at people at the top of their lungs and kick them out in a way that made you shake like you'd just seen blood and gore. That place is a classic in my book. I remember the food being good, too, but it could just be nostalgia....I haven't been there in over a decade.

What is hilarious to me is the image of hipsters going there nowadays on expeditions. We didn't have hipsters when I lived in Philly. I was one of the artsy people, and yes there was an art scene, but not hipsters. And the yuppies stayed in the yuppie part of town, like Society Hill. I am trying to picture an interaction between those mafia waiters and some snot-nose hipster ordering an egg white omlette and a skim latte (something that I have ordered in NYC more than a few times, but wouldn't fucking dare order in Philly). I would love to be there to film that interaction, especially at the Melrose. But then again, I'm sure it would be ok in their book just as long as you aren't of another race.... yeah, it's that serious (or should I say, seriously fucked up)...or at least it was when I was a teenager there. Melrose 90210 it ain't.
Best Buttercream Cake on the planet. $27.00 for the 10inch Birthday sized cake was money well spent.
We were served rotten sausages and took them back.  We were given a refund for four of the six sausages because we had consumed two of them.  My wife called and spoke to the manager named Renee who claimed that she couldn't refund the portion of the order that we had consumed because her "hands are tied".  Is it a company policy to not offer refunds on spoiled food if you think the customer has eaten too much of it?  My wife asked her to taste the sausages. Renee claimed she did and that they were fine although admitted that she never eats them so isn't familiar with what they're supposed to taste like.  We have lived a block away from Melrose for 12 years and are frequent customers because we like the diner.  Yet the fact that management is nitpicking over $2.25 when we just ate meat that might make us sick, and they don't seem to take the health risk seriously enough to question whether they should stop serving the sausage today, makes me seriously question the concern Melrose has for safety and customer service.
The Melrose has renovated its booths and light fixtures (and ladies room - hooray) since I last went.

We (party of 6) had a nice breakfast here yesterday including omelettes, pancakes and all the usuall suspects.

Our pleasant waitress Janice went on break half way thru and our new waitress (Christina??) was even nicer

Not bad!
No frills classic south Philly diner with delicious food!

They do not take reservations or even have a waitlist. Patrons simply stand in line in the vestibule area and wait for a table, or seats at the counter, to open up.

Service was friendly and personable.

My table shared, among other items, mozzarella sticks. These were better than your average restaurant mozz sticks. I feel like you can usually tell if your mozz sticks were just defrosted and thrown in the microwave. These did not seem like that! They were very breaded and verrrryyyy cheesy (the kind where you have to cut off the cheese because it's so stringy!). We also ordered omelettes and scrapple. Both delicious choices!

My visit was the morning of Super Bowl 52. Right before we paid our check, another patron was on his way out and gave a mini speech about that night's big game and proceeded to sing the Eagles fight song. The rest of the restaurant - patrons, servers, cooks - joined in and all sang together! It was such a perfect Philly moment and I'm happy I have that fun memory hours before the Eagles became World Champions! #GoBirds!
When it comes down to it most diners are more about the experience that takes you there than the actual food and bottomless cups of coffee. And whether its a family tradition to go before or after a Phillies game. or its to find the perfect breakfast to shake off the after effects of a perfect concert after party, or other; Melrose is just one of those places that has delivered that moment for a significant amount of years.

Like the majority of most diners the booths might be cramped, the service might be somewhat lackluster, and the decor might go beyond most vintage lovers comfort zone. But it also manages to deliver some pretty slamming food when its needed, as well as some true South Philly ambiance. And for that its worthy of its title of being considered a classic!
Cool place (featured in a song by The Wonder Years). It's not in the best neightborhood, but parking is easy bc they have a small lot. Diner was fairly empty when we ate there. Staff was not overly friendly, but did their jobs well. They have a massive menu--to be expected at a good ole dinner. All the panini style sandwiches are amazing (definitely covered in butter and then grilled).
I frequent the melrose quite a bit since it's very convenient to get too,but the waitress are always grumpy and rarely give off friendly service you can constantly hear them arguing in the morning plus the owner comes in during the dinner shift and speaks in a different tongue which I'm sure is uneasy for the people who work there and don't speak it and the food is alright but not anything to rave about. Other than the location I probably wouldn't come here.
This is my second visit to the Melrose Diner , and I have to say I'm so glad I discovered this place I can't believe I didn't come sooner . Christina was my server I enjoyed a delicious Turkey club sandwich with a side of fries ( Solid choice) , another great option is their crispy chicken wrap .  They have great customer service and made my partner and I feel very welcome ! I can't wait to come back  , thank you for your amazing service Christina!
The Melrose Diner is one of the three Famous Old South Philadelphia Diners.  It, along with the Oregon Diner (4th & Oregon) and the Penrose Diner (20th & Penrose) form a triangle of sorts in South Philly.  They represent the true Golden Age of the Philadelphia Diner Experience.

The Melrose has been here forever. My parents had their first date at the Melrose over fifty years ago.  Times have changed but the diner itself largely hasn't, with it's "Good Things To Eat...Around the Clock" motto, the oblong curved diner counter, generous vinyl upholstered booths and gleaming chrome.  You almost expect poodle skirts and Pompadours when you walk in.

The Rev. Dr. Steak, Faithful Dining Companion, the Rev. Baby Back Ribs, the Young 'Uns and I headed over there as we were in serious need of a diner fix.  Parking is parking in South Philly (meaning, it's creative) but we luckily scored a spot in their very small lot.  

The food?  Well, in a word, YUM.  #1 Chipped Beef, it equals the standard set at the now defunct Hanne's Breakfast Nook.  Belgian Waffle was yum as were the pancakes and the (why? at a diner?) "healthy" omelette.  Scrapple on the flat top, a bit thickly sliced for me but super yum.  Generous potions and quick service made this a very pleasant experience.  

When it comes to Diner style, it really doesn't get better than the Melrose.
Oh, Melrose. You darling, greasy old spoon, you. 
I love stumbling to you on a hungover Sunday morning for Shit on a Shingle and a hot cup of coffee. Some of my friends talk trash on you, but that doesn't stop our visits. 
If anything, it makes you more desirable. 
Your waitresses love their regulars, tolerate the tourists, and treat the errant stray hungover gal in the aviators with the quiet dignity she deserves. 
Don't go changing...
I was very disappointed by the Melrose. I ordered the spinach and mushroom omelet and it was disguisting. I think they did not wring out the moisture from the spinach so my omelet was soupy. The hash browns were undercooked and bland. My husband had 2 eggs, scrambled, with turkey sausage. He too was greatly disappointed. Plus my coffee mug had lip stick stains and our server was the worst. I do not recommend this establishment.
Ahhhh the Melrose, you bring back memories of a more simple time.  Sadly the simplicity only covers the look, and not the quality.  

Fried Chicken is honestly GREAT and I'd get it more often if I couldn't get similar quality across the street for less money.  I frequently just get the soup of the day, and it's good but usually too salty.  I've had pretty much everything, so I'll just wrap this review up quickly.  Average diner through and through.  I honestly wouldn't go here if it wasn't a 60 second walk from where I live, but a lot of times convenience wins.

Problems:

They pour your water from the beverage tap, but refills are accomplished by using the pitcher that probably been at your table since the place opened.............really?  can I trust that?  melrose?

The staff is sometimes nice, most times doesn't care.   Finally, when you check out, there is only one way out and it feels like a meat packing plant.
This place has some good things on the menu, mostly not that great things on the menu.  But it's a diner, right?  It has diner food!  It can make up for all that mediocre food in good atmosphere.  Except, the atmosphere is terrible.  The waitresses are miserable.  Not in a sassy "It's a diner, there will be grumpy waitresses" way that's kind of fun, either.  They're just kind of nasty and inattentive.  

I have a friend who loves to go here (for some reason) after a night out, even though the Oregon diner is not too much farther south, and I have never enjoyed it, really.  It's just not worth the trip.
The old Melrose Diner is dead. The new owners have gutted and "remodeled" this landmark with a tacky, generic interior. Formerly a fabulous, one of a kind 1940s diner, it is now completely lacking in charm. This is a sad and regrettable loss.
It's a diner, but it's got a cool vibe.

There's only bar and booth seating, which definitely gives it a "diner" feel. The menu is extensive and they have daily specials. I got the french dip, but was sorely disappointed. It tasted like a Pinterest pin re-creation gone wrong. 

Maybe their other options are better. I hope.
Let's see...Melrose has been around since 1935.  It is a fairly traditional diner and its menu contains standard diner food.  It boasts of homemade baked goods, which are okay but nothing to write home about.  What bugs me out is the communal sitting arrangement.  There aren't that many people in South Philly that I want to sit that close to, especially considering diners are usually best when one is at least a little intoxicated.

The food I had was appalling, which is to be expected at a diner.  The eggs were greasy and the toast was like charred air.  Apparently their milkshakes are good because my friend drank his down very quickly and happily.  So my recommendation? A milkshake and some pie, maybe a little coffee.
This place has the nerve to have a divider in the middle of each booth---meaning if you are a party of two, you'll both be seated on the same side of the booth.  And you may have 2 strangers opposite you, staring you in the face.  Very awkward, and a shameless attempt at "maximizing profit".  I have to tell you I have NEVER seen this before at any restaurant of any kind.  

As for the meal, a bagel and coffee, it was the blandest, supermarket-style bagel you can imagine, and for the coffee, NO FREE REFILLS!  Again, I go to just as many diners as the next guy, but I have never been denied a free refill of coffee.  Another pathetic cash grab.

When you go to pay, you are fed into an amusement-park style line feeder that shunts you thru a very narrow, glass enclosed lane til you are directly in front of the cashier.  I assume this is so folks don't leave without paying; however, it has the effect of making everyone passing thru feel like a criminal under strict supervision.

I hated the vibe of this place.  Never going back.
I really hate the booths here. They have no qualms about making four people squash together on one side, and have a different party sit right across/next to you. I think it's a rule that you have to be 65+ to waitress, so everyone kind of looks like a South Philly version of your grandma, and acts like it too. Food is normal diner fare, nothing special. I've been here tons of times and nothing really stands out for me. Breakfast is probably your best bet, but it can get crowded sometimes. Melrose is open 24/7, which is nice when it's 2am and you're drunk and hungry.
It is a classic Philly institution but honestly - not the greatest diner in the world.  What really is interesting are the waitresses and regulars - some who have been coming here for 45 years.  (And a few servers who have worked here that long.)

I had a classic patty melt and it WAS greasy and a dietary mess.  Not sure if it was worth it as the food is really 2-3 stars at best.

Plus:  it's very inexpensive.  Great People watching.

For food - I prefer the Oregon Diner.
PenRose is Also good.
Where to go when the world is too busy and high tech for your liking?

Melrose Diner.

And relive the 60's feeling as you share a milkshake with your boyfriend. 

Okay, so I wasn't even alive during the 60's however I've watch alot of "I love Lucy"s to have 60's feelings.

I came here two days ago, starving and in need of good food. 

Word of wisdom: 
-It's self seating however I would recommand stools rather than booth because service is so much faster at the stools.
-If you come before 9PM, majority of the people there are old. 
-The London boiled flank is bland. Don't order it. 

I ordered: 

Chicken Alphabet Soup (which is very homely)
Chicken Fingers (best thing there is)
Turkey Sandwich (comes with french fries and smothered with gravy- very old feeling)
Cheesecake -eh
Coconut Custard Pie-yum
Carrot Cake-double yum with raisin
Endless cups of coffee

The waitress was laughing and kinda shocked at how much I ate.
Classic american diner food in a classic diner setting. This place looks like it's right out of a movie from the 1950's. The diner is super clean, and the waitress was very friendly. They greeted me right away and gave me water. My order was taken in a timely fashion and the food showed up less that 10 mins later. My BLT came with fries. The BLT was great but the fries were a little soggy. This is my only complaint. I had a great lunch here and would def return!!!
Shittiest place ever, even if you are drunk. The food is disgusting, veggies stewed in sugars, salt, and probably some left over juice that was found at the bottom of the can. French toast is gross and lacks any flavor besides, what tastes like, old eggs. The pancakes are bland. Turkey burger, burger, and anything else that they want to pretend is a sandwich are also all terrible. 

Maybe for those who want to pretend that there are people worth watching in a diner at the heart of the Ninth Circle of South Philly, fine, go for it, just be sure to take Virgil with you.

BTW, skip the dessert, the buttercream cake is nothing more than an outbreak of monkey say, monkey do, mass hysteria.

Comfort food?

Only if you find sitting on a toilet for a prolonged period of time comfortable.
This place was fantastic up till a few years ago. Now it even bums me out at 3 am when I can't see straight. Besides the one waitress who spilt her tragic life story to me and my girlfriend, the service is good.  Why  they would ever switch out PERFECT crispy flat home fries for bs hash browns is beyond me. Keep on going south to Pennrose
After recently moving to South Philly some friends came down and we went out to celebrate our good friend's 21st birthday on South street. After an unsuccessful attempt at locating some mythical after-hours bar, we were two things: drunk and hungry. A friend suggested Melrose diner and of course my love of the Wonder Years got the best of me and I was genuinely excited to go! For those not into pop-punk The Wonder Years are a band from around the area and have a song entitled, "Melrose Diner" off their album the Upsides. It doesn't really mention the actual diner very much surprisingly. I was curious and am prone to geek out about music like no one else I know. 

We get there around 2 am (rough guesstimation) and are met with a rather small crowd of drunk college kids, older night owls, and potential parolees from the Philadelphia prison system. There are crazy people everywhere here so I'm pretty used to it already. However I wasn't ready for the woman slouched down in her chair with what resembled a poodle dog on her head. I was quite concerned for the woman and so were the rest of my friends. After waiting close to 10 minutes to even get a waitress to come over me and my friend decided we needed to use the bathroom which I mean as far as diner bathrooms go could be considered average at best. However the man sitting on the bar stool next to the ladies room was talking loudly to himself I'm assuming as I do not see him as one to be tech-savvy enough to work a bluetooth (being an old drunkard by himself in a diner at 2am and all). 

We get back to the table and are finally greeted by our waitress who didn't seem to like her job very much (I understand why now).  After seeing a Reuben on the menu I was pretty set on it before I realized it was 2:30 AM and I had already probably consumed enough calories of apricot ale to make myself gain another pound. We ordered and I made the mistake of asking for "dippy eggs" which apparently are not known by anyone outside of Berks county. Everyone else ordered and we waited another half hour in a fairly empty diner to receive our food. It's pretty hard to mess up eggs and rye toast so I guess I could say the food was alright. Everyone else was pleased with their food and we left. The service was not good and the place is pretty much just a good place to people watch and bask in your pop-punk obsession. 

God speed and stay posi.
Big old MEH.

I went here late night and ordered the breakfast combo: two pancakes, two eggs, sausage, and bacon. Pretty standard diner fare, right? Welllll, the pancakes were nice and fluffy, and the eggs cooked well. The meat, however, was awful. The sausage could easily have been a year old, and the bacon wasn't even good.

Now, let me qualify that last sentence by saying I've never met a piece of bacon I didn't like. (Turkey bacon's a different story...) How do you mess up bacon?
We arrived at 1 AM, staff was living dead in the food was too. Melrose diner should rest in Peace. This is the end of an error for service and food.
literally the worst. i called and ordered eggs and bacon... guess what they forget ? the bacon. glad i am
starving @530am after working 15 hours, get food and half of it's missing. GOOD JOB GUYS. YOU DID IT!
2021 

The girls and I were in Philly for the Valentine's Day weekend and this diner was literally across the street from where we were staying at. My cousin & I came in one morning to have breakfast and everything was absolutely delicious. Waffle House may have some competition on their hands. Anyway, I love diners outside of New York. It's just better. lol. Our waitress was super nice. The food was excellent. We will definitely be back. See photos attached!
Many people KNOW the Jingle..."Everybody who knows, goes,....To Melrose" and usually the talk on the street isn't Always TRUE!  However, dining at the Melrose Diner is not just a meal, but an "Experience"!!  I've Never had any other experience besides "Wonderful, Delicious and Great"!! 

The food made is with extra care and is Always AWESOME!  

We used to come and request the server, Jackie, but she has moved onto another career, DONT get me wrong, they're all buzzing around and super Nice!  However, our New Favorite is Tammy!  Tammy is sweet and Kind and her nickname should be "The Flash" she is the quickest server and has Personality Plus!!   Definitely one of the Hardest Workers around!   They don't make hard workers in this way anymore. Tammy is Polite and witty,  but extremely professional! We enjoyed dining in her section, if we didn't have to go home, we would have stayed all day! Lol.
Other than the good service provided by our waitress, I'm not even sure they deserve one star. I grew up going to Melrose, and I can tell you THIS is not the Melrose I know. Where do I begin? The coffee tasted old, which is surprising with the amount of coffee served at a diner. The pancakes were orange...not sure what kind of batter that was, but they tasted really bad. The grits were like water, even after adding salt, pepper, and extra butter. And to make things worse, the bathroom was filthy. I don't know what happened to my beloved Melrose, but I do know I am never going back. I suggest you don't either.
This is one of those places my husband and I have often gone to when we are looking to get out of the house in the middle of the night. We visit this place with friends and usually between the hours of 10pm & 2am. I used to live closer to it, now we live on the other side of the city, but we still make the trip mostly for nostalgia and good vibe feels.

The food at this restaurant is pretty drab, but we go for the cheap prices (you get what you pay for) and comfy atmosphere. It's a great place for deep conversations or mid night chatter. 

The staff is not always on point, but they are always friendly, welcoming, polite, and are a part of the Melrose Diners charm. Again, this is one of those places that kind of sits in your heart and makes it happy, even though it's not "the best" diner in Philly.
This has to be one of my favorite spots in south philly. I miss going in person but this place has provided me with so much comfort! Really a true genuine diner that serves everything you want and need. Really really love this place
Melrose reopened with new menus and some new staff. The Reuben I ordered was excellent and staff is friendly but the reason I don't get 5 stars is because of all the repairs that they did to this restaurant after the fire they still haven't repaired the cold water in the men's room sinks. if you want to wash your hands you have to do it with straight hot water and it's been like that for years... I've complained in the past to local staff to no avail.
You know that diagram with the three points - cheap, fast, and good - that's meant to show you can only have two out of the three and never all of them? The Melrose would beat that down in any challenge. 

The food and service at the Melrose will not blow your mind, but if you're looking to have your mind blown why are you walking into a diner? You get exactly what you pay for: large portions of good (not great, but good) food. I'm a fan of diner breakfast, and diner breakfast here is about what I expect it to be. The coffee is passable, the omelets are huge, the toast is reliable.

Once, a friend found a piece of undercooked chicken on a huge plate with 18 pounds of perfectly cooked chicken. She had eaten most of it before she found the undercooked piece, pointed it out to the waitress in a this-was-good-but-fyi kind of way, and it was removed from the bill without question. Someone (manager? owner?) came out to personally apologize. He didn't have to do that, and I've been to plenty of places where the most you may get is a half-assed apology from your server, so the Melrose gets points for that.

Do yourself a favor and grab some butter cookies on your way out the door. They are pretty life-changing.
My Greek Gyro was nothing special. The lamb was almost flavorless. My girlfriend's Reuben was way too salty. Where Melrose Diner shines is in its desserts. The butter cookies are quite memorable. I've had their buttercream cake, which is good. I also like their French toast. This is a hit or miss place.
I used to go Melrose every Sunday and then it changed owners and it went way way downhill from there. From the food, the staff all of it terrible. 
The diner is dirty, the staff look like crack heads with black teeth. There maybe one or two old timer waitresses from back in the day but their now tired and slow. Not friendly, takes forever to get service. Bathrooms are gross.
Now the food, disgusting... we order breakfast. The homefries were dry fryed which left them like a mush bagged taste. The same with the sausage and bacon. Pancakes weren't light and fluffy anymore. Coffee was brown water. The diet coke had a used lemon. 
Again, I used to love this diner. But It just keeps getting worse every time I say it's my last time, never again. But I go back hoping it changes. Yet, it does not only more disappointing than the last time. At least Penrose is still hanging in there but over priced.
When I was younger I used to go to the Melrose alot. I loved the older lady waitresses there they were nice and funny. The food was decent. Then i went again in 2008 or 2009 and the diner was completely changed. The food was crap and the service was crap as well. Whenever I go back home I will usually go to the Penrose or Oregon Diner.
I've come here now about eight times and finally writing a review. I like this diner the most due to it's proximity to my apartment. I tend to stick to breakfast food when coming. The waiting staff has always been above average. They seem friendly and I enjoy conversing with them. 

It has a neighborhood feel this place and enjoy that it's not fancy. I never had any issues with my food and the first time I came here they offered me free cookies. The one waitress even remembers me and I feel she's been working here for awhile. Their's a small parking lot with about twelve spaces and usually you can get a spot with no issues. 

They take debit card and cash. I prefer to pay in cash but just my choice. I don't see a point in paying with a card if I'm spending under $10.00. The banana pancakes are my favorite to get here and things here seem to be made to order. They offer desserts as well. The bar area has ample amount of seats.
Went tonight after a concert I used to Love their crab cakes not anymore!  There was a limited menu with the only option for a crab cake was a fried combo. It was awful!! When the waitress asked I told her the crab cake was mushy. No offer to replace or refund. She said she was sad when people don't like their food and then asked if I would feed it to my dogs?!!! That's my last visit there. I didn't know it was sold but I know now.
The food isn't that great.

Everyone has attitude.

And sometimes the table is sticky.

Obviously, this place is great! Come here late at night for breakfast at 2am where your waitress will hate you for cutting her Newport break short. Don't get the jello!
A Philadelphia Institution.

I frequented this place during my college years, so have a good base for review. 99% of the time, I get breakfast at a diner and Melrose is no different. I think the breakfast at Melrose is great. I usually get an omelet and find theirs to be among my favorites. Good coffee, friendly wait staff, my only complaint is the hashbrowns - I think they are a little weak. Plus I am more of a home fries guy anyway. 

Great spot, make your way there if you've never been.
eh...it's the melrose, what are you expecting, really?

if you really feel the need to scratch that south philly diner itch, go the extra coupla miles down to the penrose. better food, better service, and you don't have to sit in those pain in the ass booths.

all that said, when hungover, sometimes you just can't be a choosy so-and-so. if this sounds like you, then by all means, melrose it.
I can only speak for my late night experience. VERY VERY limited menu for a diner. The atmosphere and the service was good but they did not make up for the lack of food, both in terms of food quality and food variety. The burger was meak at best and the fries were cold. I'd rather head to the suburbs than go back here.
next time im in south philly ill just go to tony lukes
5am never tasted so good before bed. 

The meatloaf was quite the steal with all the additions it came with. I've been on a meatloaf kick lately and while not as fanciful as non-diner locale, their meatloaf was pretty awesome for a diner.

Oh, and parking in S. Philly. 'nuff said. 

Best waitress ever.
Been going here more often lately since my move back to lovely South Philadelphia. The service is WAY friendlier and the atmosphere seems different. Maybe they are under new management? Anyway, sat at the bar and booth at different visits. 

The food arrived QUICKLY. They seem to have plenty of cooks staffed. This is important since I tend to go to diners half starved and impatient. We ordered basic breakfast/brunch food: french toast, pancakes, home fries, scrambled eggs, etc. Everything was to my satisfaction and prompt. They kept my coffee coming. The food was tasty, no frills. 

Oh, and the butter cream layer cake is still super awesome.
My boyfriend and I stopped in for breakfast around 11 am on Saturday, and business was roaring. All the booths were occupied, and only a few spots at the counters were open. We grabbed a couple menus and seated ourselves at the counter. The interior is that of a diner that's been around for a while--clean, functional, and bright, but missing the polish. A place where people find comfort in familiarity. 

The same could be said for my breakfast: two eggs, over medium, a couple slices of wheat toast, and some grits. Everything was exactly as I expected: good quality cooking but nothing fancy. Exactly what I need from breakfast. My boyfriend ordered the ham and cheese omelet with home fries and toast, all of, which he enjoyed.

This diner seems like a good, homey place for people to relax and wind down at any time of the day. The staff were welcoming without being overly present, as the norm for wait service has become. If I'm ever in the area, I'd love to try their other meals.
This place is deplorable and the horrible the service sucks the food's terrible 

the chefs never cook it the way you'd like it used to be great I will never go back again
"Everybody who knows. goes. to Melrose.
Everybody who knows. goes. to Melrose.
Everybody who knows goes to the Melrose Diner Restaurant for the most. in. quality"

I can't go here without singing the jingle, which is almost worth it just for the nostalgia. This is a real old school diner through and through. The wait staff are mostly lifers, who take their time and their liberties to be friendly or not with you, and you just have to hope for the best. The food is diner food, and if you're expecting more go somewhere else. More often than not I'd say stick with breakfast or dessert.
ahhh smelly melrose....one of the pride of Ol South Philly....why? better than Oregon but not Penrose . I rarely eat at Melrose because the folks there are a little bit huffing and puffing they think youre a shadow on the wall, second the place has a distinctive smell to it maybe a little bit of Octogenarian Party when I came there. the Big up why I go there is....drum roll please.....BEST TAKE OUT FOR A WHOLE BUTTER CREME CAKE.....THIS WILL NEVER DISAPPOINT YOU. I cannot believe I am only the second guy to be hollering about this cake??  If you have an office Party and dont know what to take....skip the Acme Meat tray of processed meats go for the whole she bang of the buttercreme and believe me this is the life of your Pot Luck at the office.....Butter Creme Whole 14 bucksYou will sincerely thank me....i am not kidding
The jingle is familiar: 

              "Everybody who knows goes to Melrose."

For anyone who has been to Melrose, the jingle is immediately edited to the following:

              "Everybody who knows goes anywhere else, unless it's 3 a.m. ,  you're drunk        and the designated driver thought that Jaeger Bombs wouldn't get him too drunk to drive so you have NO WHERE else to go but Melrose fucking Diner..." 

Ahem. Sorry, I got a little carried away. But it's true that Melrose  sucks. It's over priced and because it's a South Philadelphia standard, it's a favorite of sub-humans. The service is rude, the food is bland, and the chances you'll overhear a low life go on a tirade about the Jews controlling the media  usually lies around 40 to 85 percent depending on the time of day. 

What's sad is that Melrose has improved since the days when I was dragged there as a kid.
This diner used to be a weekend ritual among my friends.  The breakfasts are delicious.
If you give this place less than four stars, you really should be shot.
People stop boosting this diner.mediocre service,mediocre food the best thing bout the diner is murals on the walls.
A typical diner experience but with cold food. You can either sit at the counter or in an expansive booth and the waitresses had no problem letting just the two of us take up a booth. The diner was fairly empty when we went around 5pm on a Sunday but our waitress seemed pretty harassed and was rushing around.

I knew I wanted a dessert no matter what so the first thing I ordered was a slice of apple cake. It was amazing! Perfect crumbly top that broke apart to reveal chunks of apples and an incredibly moist, delicious cake. 

I went on to order the baked meatloaf with the chicken orzo soup and a side of spaghetti. The side of spaghetti was really just for laughs, I'm shocked that's even a choice and I couldn't resist picking it over two vegetables options. 

The chicken orzo soup was quite good but very onion heavy. I like onions but it would be pretty overwhelming for anyone interested in a more moderate chicken soup dish. 

The meatloaf came with a mushroom gravy that had already congealed by the time it arrived at our table. The dish was lukewarm and outright cold in patches. 

The spaghetti side was pretty substantial, not enough to be a restaurant entree but definitely a portion you would serve yourself at home. There wasn't a lot of sauce to go with the noodles, I'm sure they would've given me more sauce if I'd requested it but I took most of it home with me. The sauce tasted like a generic canned sauce.

My friend ordered the Western Omelette and the presentation left a lot to be desired, even for a bare bones diner meal. It was sloppily put together and off center on the plate. My meal totaled to $15 with tip which is a little bit pricier than diners I've been to elsewhere but excuse it based on the location.
Those who know go to Melrose! This diner has been a family favorite dating back to when my great uncle laid the tile work. They're huge portions if home cooked diner specialties never fail to impress. My usual is the open faced hot turkey sandwich with gravy. Usually I get mashies with gravy and stuffing but today I went for their baked green beans. They are baked in great seasoning and tomato sauce. So good!!! Never miss out on their chicken orzo soup when they offer it. It warms the heart in the winter. Last but not least- the on premise baked goods. End your night with a slice of coconut custard and remember to purchase a batch of butter cookies on the way out. Everything is made with love and the service is great. It has a homey feel that one would be a fool to not enjoy!
Prior to dining here, I had heard wildly differing tales of its quality.  Some people love it, others list it as the single worst experience of their lives.  With such mixed reviews I was hesitant to try the Melrose.  However, it is within walking distance, and when a nice spring day and handsome company presented themselves (with a craving for scrapple), Melrose seemed like the best place for the job.

I am uncertain why their pancakes are yellow.  Do they put food coloring in to try to convince us that it's really buttermilk?  I have no idea, but since they were full of chocolate chips they were just fine.

It wasn't too crowded, it was clean, waitress was pleasant and attentive, and the food came and went quickly.  I don't think I'd come here late night, but for breakfast or lunch the Melrose Diner is a-ok.
Plenty of food
Delicious pork rib steak!!
Old fashioned
Coming back again
Good for Saturday morning brunch
The first word that comes to mind when I think of the Melrose is....clusterf&^*.  Melrose has no hostess, so the seating situation is a free for all.  In these parts, a minor dispute over a booth could lead to cold blooded murder, so for that reason alone I will probably not patronize Melrose.
The staff however was lovely, if not a little scary.  Our waitress proudly displayed her heat lamp burn scabs as a badge of honor.  
The food was pretty standard diner food.  I will say the prices here are really good...husband & I had pancakes, eggs, coffee & a side of scrapple for $20.
As mentioned in countless other previous reviews, the people watching is second to none.  It is just a revolving door of characters in there.
The reason I went to Melrose in the first place is because the Oregon was jam packed.  That will probably be the only reason I should ever return.
As a kid I heard their ads on TV saying "Everybody who knows... goes... to Melrose!"  But at that time, in the far reaches of the Bucks County suburbs, South Philly felt like light years away,  Now I live within walking distance and many a South Philly night out end with the perfect 1 2 punch: the Republican 'til 3 then the Melrose 2 blocks east of there.  I usually get something comfort foody like an omlette or grilled cheese.  Generally, from what I can remember the food is good diner grub and the servers have all be pretty pleasant in dealing with my drunk ass.  And that's basically all I need at 4AM.  Just like other places I tend to wind up at (drunk) during a fun evening I'll have to give this place 5 stars.
Let me start off by saying I have never dined here.   Never tried the food before.  I will however attest to the 5 star butter cream cake my staff got for me this week.  Fantastic.  I have never had such a creamy rich cake in my entire life.   I would go there to try this cake again.
Melrose has the perfect diner food that doesn't taste like crap that was run through the trash. I have spent many a drunk night here, and many a sober morning. 

I love sitting at the counter, but the booths are huge for a big group of people stumbling in after the bar. They definitely rush you to get in and out here, but it doesn't bother me because that's just the sort of stuff you deal with when you're going to any place that's been around forever in south philly. it's got an attitude of its own. the waitresses are super nice, they just need to make a quick turn around. i get it. 

greek omelettes are fantastic. their chocolate chip or blueberry pancakes are da bomb. big portions that you often can't finish. 

biggest gripe (that's not even really a big deal/gripe at all): the only hot sauce they have is tabasco. c'mon melrose, get some franks red hot up in this joint!
I use to love this place like 10 years ago but it also went downhill .The waitresses are so rude they act like your bothering them .their slogan is "everybody who knows goes to melrose " sorry to say but anybody who knows goes somewhere else..
Alright, you gain a star because I decided to go here because it was 3AM on a Monday morning/Sunday night and the only thing open. I kinda liked my gyro. Just not the slow-ass service.
