Stellar draught beer selection + fresh, flavorful, organic food + friendly neighborhood bar feel = utterly winning combo.  I'm in love.

When I say "stellar draught beer selection," I'm talkin' Lagunitas Hairy Eyeball, a delicious, heavily-malted sud; the funky, spicy, earthy Blaugies Darbyste; and the PA brewed Sly Fox Pineland, a German-style pils.  And at happy hour, these pints are FOUR DOLLARS, people.  Best of all, MT sees its way fit to extending these amazing prices to the dining room instead of limiting them to the bar up front.  And apparently they've just opened a beer garden on the adjacent patio -- mental note to return in nice weather.

When I say "fresh, flavorful, organic food," I'm talkin' classics kicked up a notch.  Beer battered kosher dill pickles served with a horseradish cream and hummus made with Hefeweisen.  Moms and I shared two entrées and could hardly decide which was better.  The Smoked Coconut Club Sandwich held delectable, grilled lemon-garlic tofu, peels of house-smoked coconut, lettuce, tomato, and tomato herb mayo within its grainy slices of bread.  The smoked coconut tasted nearly exactly like cured bacon.  Insane.  The hand-cut fries piled on the plate with the sammie were extraordinarily crisp and tasty.  Cauliflower Mac 'n' Cheese was a glorious amalgam of Bellavitano cheese (like a cheddar-parm hybrid), roasted cauliflower purée, fried cauliflower, and fenugreek oil.  Mac 'n' cheese perfection on a plate with the macaroni cooked al dente and the cauliflower/cheese sauce nicely gooey.  Heavenly.  MT has a huge number of vegetarian *and* vegan options (like roasted seitan Shepherd's Pie!) -- all conveniently marked as such -- on their menu.  Coming from DC, prices seem ludicrously affordable, too.  Eight bones for that Club?  Twelve for the Mac 'n' Cheese?  Ridiculous.

When I say "friendly neighborhood bar feel," I'm talkin' Kensington, well outside of downtown Philly.  I'm talkin' a bar plopped next to rowhouses where the locals come to drink that excellent beer and eat that excellent food.  Where the service is exceptionally warm and engaging.  Yet another Philadelphia find that I wish were in *my* neighborhood.  

[15 Minutes of Fame: "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives: From Pork to Tofu"]
Once you find your way to Memphis Tap Room, you're golden. Because the variety of beer that they have as well as the extensive menu of lunchtime faves (BBQ, anyone?) will leave you satisfied and wanting more. Actually, you'll be panting for more, which is a good thing, because you should keep coming back here. Again, and again and again. 

Memphis Tap Room is just that good.

This is a great addition to a neighborhood that I keep finding myself in all the time, which says a lot, being that I live outside the city and all.

PS. Get the Ommegang. Lovers of a light beer that packs a mighty wallop will not be disappointed.
Everything at Memphis, the food, the layout, the service, is warm and inviting. As soon as we walked in the door for an 11am brunch, we were greeted by the bartender (owner?) who told us about the brews on tap and invited us to sit at the bar and wait for the rest of our late party.

When most of the rest of our ten-person brunch party arrived, we were seated at a table waiting for us along the wall. The restaurant was full of people by the time we ordered, and yet we didn't wait very long for our orders. They must be incredibly organized in the kitchen.

I've eaten here once before, so I knew the smoked tofu club, featured on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, was going to be on point. I decided to sample the lentil meatball spaghetti sandwich this time as well, and split both sandwiches with my husband. The lentil meatballs, spaghetti, tomato sauce, and vegan Daiya cheese are served grinder style in an freshly toasted hoagie roll, cut in half. It was perfect for sharing. For the tofu club, we subbed out a salad instead of the fries. I was pleasantly surprised that the salad was an actual salad, with dark greens and sliced fresh vegetables. The tofu club is still the absolute best thing on the menu, mainly because of their completely addictive homemade coconut "bacon."
Why have I delayed in expressing my love of Memphis Taproom?  My praise is long overdue.

The first time I went here was coincidentally the same weekend that Craig LaBan reviewed it (positively, I might add).  I enjoyed my jersey tomato and tofu salad and the fabulous beer selection, but I *really* enjoyed the saturday afternoon patrons.  Girls doing knitting? check.  Random locals of all ages watching sports in the bar? check.  Couple with a baby? check.  But my favorites were the little old lady and man who came in separately and just wanted to take a look at the renovations, and the woman from the neighborhood who sat down at a table by herself.  She was about 60-ish, wearing a pink sweatsuit, and she ordered a bloody mary and sat there reading her book.  A few minutes later, the owner came by, sweeping the floor.  She looked up from her book and asked "Are you the owner?"  He nodded, and she beamed at him, saying "This is my second time here!  I just love this place!"  Then she went right back to reading her book.  Later, her waiter came by and asked her if she wanted another bloody mary.  She looked down at her empty glass, paused as if thinking it over, and then said "Hey, sure.  Why not live a little, right?"

Was it nosy of me to observe all this?  Yep.  I'm a nosy girl.  But, weirdly, I couldn't stop thinking about her for the rest of the day...it was amazing how happy the presence of this establishment in her neighborhood had made her, and her joy was contagious.

So yeah...Memphis Taproom fills a unique niche, in that it seems to be highly appreciated by both hipster transplants and native fishtownians.  And the fried pickles are killer.
Memphis Taproom is a neighborhood dive-y-ish bar that offers various draft beer, wines, cocktails alongside a brunch/lunch/supper menu.

A group of us came here for a later lunch, and we started off with their famous Beer-Battered Kosher Dills - OMG, these are SO DELICIOUS!  They're quartered pickle spears, dipped in a beer batter, and then deep-fried - they had a slight crisp exterior with a nice little chew in the middle; the pickle itself was super hot, and the creamy horseradish buttermilk dip was such a great sauce to dip it in! YUM!

We also ordered: Pilsner-Brined Hot Wings (these wings were super plump and oh-so-juicy! The side of the blue cheese dip was really good, as it had chunky bleu cheese within); the Slow Roast Pork sandwich (with sharp provolone, baby spinach, and spread with a garlic mayo; this was okay; filled generously with chopped roasted pork, it had a heavier pork flavor to it; came with a side of fries that were a little cold and limpy); Grapefruit and Goat Cheese Salad (ruby reds, goat cheese, grapefruit vinaigrette, arugula, and vanilla olive oil croutons with some bits of deep-fried pork belly); and, McMemphis Chicken Sandwich (Korean fried chicken, gochujang, lettuce, pickles, and garlic mayo, all in a long roll; these were little chicken tenders tossed in a ginger-heavy gochujang sauce; the bread was sesame-seeded and slightly toasted; I wasn't a fan of this, as the chicken was a little overcooked and the gochujang sauce was just not good (it was sweet, rather than spicy/savory).

The space itself is not too big, as when you step in, there's a bar area; when you keep going, there is a small dining area.  One thing I wasn't a fan of was that the dining area didn't seem to be AC-ed well, and there were just way too many flies.

Adjacent to the restaurant is a little beer garden, in which the Taproom also hosts some various events, such as the Philly Beer Week, etc.

Staff were friendly, and there's some street parking off of Cumberland.

+Beer-Battered Kosher Dills :D
+Pilsner-Brined Hot Wings :D
+friendly staff
+too many flies in the dining area!
+limited street parking off of Cumberland
Overrated.  

I was soooo looking forward to a Friday night excursion into town.  We initially stopped at Kraftworks for our first beer (shoulda stayed there), and then headed 6 minutes over to Memphis.  Although the service was good for a packed house, the rest of the experience was 'meh'.

By the time my beer came to the table, the 2+ inch foam had receded like a 50 year old's hairline.   That 12 oz glass maybe had 8 oz of beer in it.  The beer selection was OK, I just wasn't happy with 2/3rds of a beer for the price of 3/3rds.

The charred string beans were tough and chewy.  I appreciate the attempt at crispness of the fine veg, but I guess it was the quality that was lacking that enabled the beans to be tough and stringy.  The remoulade accompaniment was nicely spicy.  The fried cauliflower was average at best.  Not something I would ever order again. 

The heirloom apple salad was tasty and fresh.  There wasn't too much creativity nor substance with only spinach, 2 tiny pieces of pork, 5 pistachios and a few slices of apple.  My friend had the fish tacos special, two tiny tacos, and I didn't taste them, so I will rely on his opinion that they were OK.

The menu was quaint [read:limited].  I'm not rushing back any time soon.
Amazing beers on tap, yes, but that seems to be it.  The food is 'A-Ok', as is the service and prices.  While "you have to try the Fried Pickles" is true, they may not live up to expectations, especially if you've had them anywhere in the South.  Still a good place to try something outside your typical national brand beers.
I overheard the people who work here telling the table next to us that they should blog the fact that Memphis Taproom needs scrapple.  So I will be the one to say it. Memphis Taproom needs scrapple.  Scrapple.  Scrapple.  Scrapple. 

Ok, so apparently they don't have scrapple.  And they are located very far away from me and I get lost every time I go here.  Despite those two miserable facts, I love Memphis Taproom! 

It's really cute inside.  It has a nice homey feel.   There are outlets located at each table around the dining room walls.  I wish I had an excuse to bring my laptop here so I could eat wings and drink beer all day. 

The servers are super friendly and helpful.   

But most importantly, the food is delicious.    I have had brunch and dinner here and was happy with both.  The wings are super tasty and great to share.   Also, they have a really great rotating selection of beer on tap at very reasonable prices. 

It is worth the drive, even if it means I'll definitely get lost again.
The food is still awesome.

Roasted mushroom grinder = way better than any cheesesteak I've had in this town. I know, sacrilege, right?

The atmosphere was better this time and our party didn't get shushed for adult-themed topics. I still don't love that lots of folks bring their kids here, though. Sometimes, I like to go out to eat and avoid toddling children who wander over unattended. 

I love that they have Sam Smith's Organic Cider in bottles, Allagash Tripel, and Monk's Sour Ale - some of my favorite libations. 

The fried pickles and suicide rings still light my fire. If only I could find a boy as yummy as they are instead of tables of canoodling couples.
This review is for Memphis Taproom's beer garden, which is one of my favorite places to hang in the summer. I've actually never even had a beer in Memphis Taproom itself, though I've heard great things about their food so I'll have to try it sometime. But in the warm months, there's nothing that's going to separate me from that garden. Well, maybe a torrential downpour in the middle of an otherwise sunny day. 

Why would you go inside when you've got lots of picnic tables (partial shade in some areas but don't forget the SPF!), cans of craft beer (with beer tab recycling program!) and awesomely creative hot dogs (veggie dogs available upon request!). The canned beer is a rotating list, which rocks. The hot dogs offer something for everyone. On my recent visit, a friend and I shared a deep fried dog with sauerkraut, onions and mustard and a grilled dog with chili, cheddar and macaroni salad. Hiyoooo!
I've only been to Memphis Taproom for their stellar beer events, and yes, I know- I'm missing out on the food.

They brought Wicked Weed in forces during Beer Week 2017 and were one of the coveted bars to receive a case of Heady Topper in Winter 2018. Their taps are always on point. If you like KBS, try it on cask. 

Any bar can have the goods, and be jerks about it. Memphis Taproom stands out for its service and beer love. Without detailing the full story, they took none for the team on Heady Topper day where other bars could've caused a scene. 

I have had some appetizers, but I really want to get my feet wet with the menu. I see many more trips to Memphis in my future.
I went to Memphis Taproom a couple of years ago and it was forgettable (literally, I forgot the name of it).  Flash forward to this past month, though, and it was anything but.  The inside has been redone and the menu has gotten a kick in the ass since my last visit.  They have a lot of great sandwiches, burgers, and vegan/vegetarian options.  We ordered the hefeweizen hummus and the fried green tomatoes to share; both dishes were delicious and were easy to split between four people.  For dinner, I got the eggplant rollatini.  It wasn't a very fancy dish, but the flavors were there and the portion was a decent size.  I ended up having half of it wrapped and it reheated well.  The chicken-fried portobello sandwich looked fantastic and the smoked coconut club was excellent (I'm still not sure how they got coconut shreds to have a bacon consistency).  I'm not in this neighborhood much, but I was happy I came up this way to try them out again.  Memphis Taproom delivered.  I won't forget this place again.
Totally, this place has a sick beer list (I would like to try some of the beers aging in their basement but I keep finding an interesting something-or-other on draft instead) and good, if heavyish, food (fried pickles fried pickles fried pickles fried pickles).

Can we talk about the hot dog garden, though? It's magical. You can get a veggie dog with avocado and wasabi mustard and 6 other awesome things on it, and it's called California Uber Alles. Wells Bombardier in a can. Twinkling lights and warm, heavy nighttime air. That one Daniel Johnston song playing. SUMMER!
I ate at Memphis Taproom for the second time last night. I went with the smoked coconut club and it really, really bugged me out. The smoked coconut is not what I imagined it would be. Instead, it is an exact, vegan replication of bacon. It tasted like bacon. After my first bite I was all nervous and started picking at my sandwich and I had Mike try some and he said it was definitely bacon. I was ready to make peace with the fact that I had consumed a whole bite of bacon. So we hailed down our server and there was a bit of confusion and I was like "uhhh" and Mike stepped in and asked what was on the sandwich and she was very cavalier and understanding, "yup, tastes just like bacon." It tasted like bacon and felt like bacon in my mouth and I'm still nervous that it was actually bacon, but a recently conducted Google search confirmed that it was definitely not bacon but an amazing substitute. So weird, so delicious. Almost too delicious.

We also had the fried pickles which were, much to my surprise, fried whole kosher dill quarters, not the usual fried pickle chips. I burnt my had on some scalding hot pickle juice, but for this, I blame myself. The horseradish dip that came with was a perfect match, as well. 

Totally freaked out by the smoked coconut still. Try it, it will rock your world.
After reading numerous great reviews for this place on Yelp, I decided to try it out with my "freshly moved to Kensington" friends. Our waitress (Marie) was super attentive, sweet and helpful and let us know that they were known for their burgers (which I was planning on getting anyway) and gave us the percentage breakdown, that of course I forget now, of what exactly the meat was made of. I do remember that they grind the meat on site, which was pretty cool. She did warn us that the bacon was $1.50 per slice but said the burger didn't really need extra flavor anyway. She was SO right! I could eat one of those burgers every day. After cleaning our plates we got the bill (that came rolled in a samurai head mug... awesome!) and were floored by the low totals! I will definitely be back soon.
Sadly it was hard to even give Memphis Taproom two stars.

I have been here before, but it is on a downhill slide and the slope is steep.

Bartenders - very friendly and knowledgeable.  However, they are know pouring your beer with 25% head.

Beer- Overpriced!!  No prices listed and no sizes listed.  These issues completely overshadow a fine mix of beers.  But I can get a fine mix of beers many places in Philly and know what I am getting.

Food - it is great to have the selection, but the quality and prices have gone opposite directions.  A $10 brussel sprout salad had 4 brussel sprouts on it.  The famous fried pickle batter is way too thick.  My coconut club, while excellent in taste, was constructed poorly and many bites of it were just tomato and bread.  In fairness, the chef was off the night we were there and maybe he oversees things better.

Service - very rushed to get your orders.  When my beer was only half consumed the waitress starts asking if I want more.  As soon as apps were ordered, she was back to take the food order.  Check was delivered within seconds of plates being cleared, even though the beers had a way to go.

Overall, I think that management has gotten greedy and turned a really nice idea into a money making machine and has forgotten that it is the customer's experience that will keep them going.

Good luck, I don't think I will be back any time soon.
I went here last night for a late dinner. Our waitress was really sweet, very attentive, and gave us recommendations on the menu and drinks. We got fritters, tempura, and some sandwiches, all of which were pretty decent. The sandwiches can be made vegetarian, and some can be made vegan, which is pretty awesome. The prices were very reasonable. My only issue with the Memphis Taproom was how slowly it took to get the food. There were only a few other people in there and it took FOREVER to be served.
Something really awful happened to me last night that usually doesn't. Something very rare to my existence, brought a beautiful experience to a screeching halt. I went to the Memphis Taproom in Fishtown and saw the evil lips of hatred speak ignorance in a place where we had come to gather.

A server, a manager, a staff - selfish, slanted, racist beliefs polluted our night, polluted that short-sighted bar wench who had trouble accepting my eclectic bunch of friends on a Saturday night. Three Philippinos, a few whites, a black girl; we were celebrating a charity event we had organized on that day which brought together a non-profit for kids, a soup kitchen, a church, a photo studio, a community. This is what we were happy about.

Her perception of us probably wasn't what we really are. But she acted on that perception and that emotion. Well, the effects are exponential.

To have that experience interrupt what we are all about makes me believe we may still be falling backwards as a society, and that above all, there are racist idoits working at the Memphis Taproom. As much as this is a rant about society, it's also a negative review for that backwards-ass establishment.

The stupid wench told my black friends to leave when they came to replace my two Phillapino friends that just left, by saying there aren't enough seats when they arrived, like a REAL 1950s Taproom in Memphis. We have come too far as a people for me to think that discrimination will silently go unnoticed. I will not be punished for someone else's slanted point of view.

You may hate me because I think freely, and love constantly. You may hate me because my hair is long. Or my smile is too big. Or my skin isn't the color of yours, but you will not treat me differently. Try it. Try me. I'm the same as you. Maybe even a little better because I don't stop accepting people when they are different than me.

If we let ourselves be divided by hate, then we will continue to divide and hate. If we teach each other love and acceptance, then we will love and accept each other. It's really that simple.

I will never return but to speak of this awful experience. I will not tolerate anyone treating any of the people I love with this kind of disrespect. I will not let my wife or children, MY BLACK WIFE AND MY MIXED CHILDREN, be present to anyone treating them differently based upon any definition but their character. Try it. Try me.
Memphis is a great option for vegans that like good beer. The menu is marked with symbols that inform you what is vegetarian/vegan. In the past I've had the hummus and veggie curry over rice which were both good. I returned last night with a friend and we split the tofu coconut club and pumpkin potpie . Both dishes were delicious and I would order again . The pumpkin pot pie was a little overpriced at 14 dollars but decent portion. 
Atmosphere -the bar is extremely dark which I prefer but could see others disliking the lighting situation . Bartender was very nice and makes beer suggestions/ offers samples . If you don't know the place you can easily miss it from the outside so I suggest really keeping your eyes peeled on your first visit.
After driving over 30 hours, my friend and I finally arrived in our new town. Luckily, we have my cousin here to show us around. Memphis taproom was the first place we wanted to try, I was not disappointed. 

We had the suicide rings and the fried green tomatoes. The suicide rings are the shiz, but the fried green tomatoes were just OK, I guess that is because I am from the south, and these were not traditional fried green tomatoes. 

Great beer selection, though I have to get used to ordering something other than Lonestar.
The video about the smoked coconut club sandwich made me put this on my list, and I finally got here. Worth the jaunt out to Kensington. Tiny, with no clear sign, in an up and coming neighborhood.  This is what a corner pub should be. Friendly staff, stylish comfortable vibe which is warm hipster instead of bougie, and really good unpretentious creative food. 

Now I need to check out the beer garden, since I only saw it when we were leaving.  Prices are cheap too. We spent about $50 for an app, two dishes, two drinks, and a dessert.

There are a million beers, but I was in the mood for wine. They had grenache by the glass which was just ok, but my pinot grigio, Cielo, was one of the best I've had in a long time.

We started with the charred green beans as an appetizer and devoured them. Definitely better than it sounds, with a roasted red pepper cumin sauce, which we kept aside to dip our fries in. 

For dinner, we ordered the coconut club and the baked veggie polenta, huge both!  OMG the coconut bacon!  I was like a dog, waiting for my husband to drop pieces of it so I could grab them. There could actually be a dish called Bowl of Coconut Bacon Pieces, and I would order it every time.  This large sandwich covered with fries could easily work as a snack for two.  It also has roasted tofu and tomatoes in it.  It is so stuffed that it is tricky to pick up.  I insisted on getting a bag of flaked coconut on the way home so I can try making this, because I bet that bacon is good in everything!

The veg polenta was salty and crispy and wonderful.  It comes in what looks like a boat.  It is covered in Daiya cheese. This could also feed two.

Since we had heard about peanut butter pie, we stashed some of the food in a takeout dish and got to enjoy the pie, vegan, creamy fluffy with a molasses crumb crust.  

I really loved their glassware, and they serve beer and wine in the same one. Just have a thing about glassware, sorry!  

We will be back for the seitan spaghetti sandwich and a few other vegan dishes. Plenty for carnivores, but typically hip Philly, they are tuned into plant-based food and make vegans feel very welcome. They said many people, not just vegans, order these delicious dishes. The chef is not vegan; he is just a good chef that knows how to make plant-based dishes appealing to everyone. May his kind prosper and procreate.
I almost avoided the Memphis Taproom, just because it's been so over-hyped, and one of the co-owners is a former Nodding Head manager, and I loathe Nodding Head. But I decided to check it out last night anyhow because it's in the neighborhood and I've heard good things. 

First impressions: the staff is very friendly, the decor is comfy and unpretentious, and the prices were decent (on par with JB's). My boyfriend and I shared one of the specials -- a stacked tomato and buffalo mozzarella salad with pesto and basil leaves. It was excellent. I think there were three specials last night, and I liked that our server told us the prices of each special when she listed them. I got the Kielbasy Hoagie: Kielbasa on a toasted roll with kraut, grainy mustard and some kind of cheese; came with fries. It was very good. My boyfriend got the Port Richmond Platter, which consisted of Kielbasa, kraut, two small potato pancakes, and pierogies smother in fried onions. (Notice a theme here?) It was also really good. We shared a dessert that was decent, not great. It was a cross between creme brulee, key lime pie, and coconut tart. It was slightly burnt tasting.

Two minor things kept me from giving Memphis a 5-star review: the menu is pretty small, and the service took a dive when the place started filling up (we waited a while for the check). That said, I'm sure I'll be back.
Casual evening with my family and some truly delicious food and beer!  I had to try the smoked coconut club because where else was I ever going to get smoked coconut!  It was ridiculously good!  Coconutty bacony with lemon garlic tofu and tomato herb mayo.  My Founders KBS 2016 cask was a perfect addition.  Other dishes declared delicious we're the cauliflower Mac and cheese, the slow roasted pork sandwich, and the mighty Memphis burger.  Service and attention to my food allergies was beyond reproach.  Please eat here and make sure this place stays open! No pics as the lighting was dim and they didn't come out!
Any bar that can accommodate vegetarians, meat-lovers, and beer snobs is certainly a winner with my group of friends.  I had a great dinner here -- we tried some fried pickles (yum!) and the veggie burger definitely met my standards.  Looking forward to my next visit!
I saw this place on Food Network (will prepare to be booed or have things thrown at me), and we decided to go check it out one day after spending an afternoon drinking at frankford hall.  That was maybe 6-8 weeks ago, and since then we have gone back 4 times since, and am currently working on tasting every single thing on the menu.

The beer selection is always top notch, if you're a "beerie" (not sure if that is even a word, but it is now) you will love it, they always have a selection of great craft beers, and knowledgeable barkeeps to make sure you get a beer to moisten your pants. 

Enough about beer, now to the food... The beer battered pickle spears need no review, if you need someone to tell you how amazing they are... check your pulse.  The onion "rings" are amazing too, however be careful with the sauce... I watched a gentleman on a date take an over ambitious dip and place it in his mouth, and proceed to damn near choke to death because of how spicy (and amazing) the dipping sauce is.

In regards to the entrees, I have probably had damn near everything... and everything has been top notch, sadly I have only had lunch / dinner here, and never brunch, but hopefully that changes. Honestly the most amazing thing I have had there, is the smoked coconut tofu club, I have a friend with the palette of a 6 year old, and doesn't eat anything, and he asked for another bite after trying it, so if youre in a group, grab it, and try it, and enjoy. But again, all the food there is great, do not hesitate to order anything
There's a warm, neighborhood vibe going on here. All the employees are exactly what you'd expect in Fishtown: locals with rough-around-the-edges, boisterous, but affable manners. I love it here. Sitting with friends, clinking pints underneath dimmed and flickering lights, we rattled on about future plans and experiences yet to be had.

Our cherub, aka: waitress, offered up dishes she swore would "change our lives" and while I thought I'd never savor a tofu club, I found myself stealing bites off my friend's dish. That said, you should order the Smoked Coconut Club (it's as exotic and delicious as it sounds). My roast pork sammy was sloppy and savory, while my other friend's seitan steak was good, albeit a slight bit too salty. 

This place rules and they have Racer 5 on cask.
I've been here three times and just don't get what the big deal is about this place. 

The good:
- The food, if you enjoy beer-battered fried pickles or the like. 
- The drink selection is top notch for a neighborhood bar in the city. 
- For most of Fishtown it's walkable. 

^^ Those facts represent the three stars above. 

Detractors: 
- If you go at a peak hour, expect to wait for at least a 20-30 minutes before getting a seat. Even for a party as small as two. 
- The service, in my experience, was really slow. 
- It's very loud, thanks to tiny spaces and crowded tables. 
- If you're in the front on a cold night; dress warm. That door is open more often than not.

Maybe the Memphis Taproom was better before the rest of the city, Diner's Drive In's and Dives and I found out about it. 

Maybe if I was one of those people that knew what was cool before it was cool I'd have a different opinion. 

But the cat is long out of the bag... when with local friends discussing where to go out for an evening, we'd prefer to drive somewhere rather than wait an hour for a table in a crowded, noisy dining room and lukewarm service.
I've been to the MTR about 8 times now and always have a good time. The bar is a great place to watch the Phillies and chill with some friends. Very large selection of drafts (all $4 each, I believe) and bottles to choose from, all listed on chalkboards overhead. The size and feel of the place reminds me of Grace Tavern, but it's bigger than that.

The back room section is nice with plenty of tables as well.

I recently had the Chicken Fried Chicken, the Suicide Rings,  and the Burger, Suicide Rings -- all very delicious and nice portions.

The only negative of the place is that it fills up fast, but this is neighborhood bar. But check it!
Memphis Tap, I'm taking your stars.  I'm sorry; I wanted to work it out.

Remember how I said "I'm never disappointed"?  I have to take that back, too.

The beer selection remains strong, while the menu has gotten a bit stale.  I'd love to see more frequent changes and additions to the old standbys.

I want the beer garden to offer the complete menu so one can enjoy sitting outside without being forced to eat hotdogs!

The biggest issue, however, is that the service has changed quite a bit.  No longer friendly unless one is a regular.  Helpfulness offered only begrudgingly.  Attitude-y when a friend and I recently stopped in on a beer quest to see what was on tap.

It breaks my heart to say it, but sorry, Memphis, I don't think I'll be back for a while.
I love to watch the Food Network's "Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives" and drool over the food they feature. It's been my dream to go to one of the restaurants featured on the show. So, when a friend told me that Memphis Taproom had been featured on triple D and was right in her 'hood, I absolutely had to try it! 

Memphis Taproom is not that big and it was packed on this particular Friday night. We had to wait for around half an hour, but luckily we got some spots at the bar and were able to have a round of drinks while we waited.

We got seated and then came the hard part: deciding  what to order. Our table started with the chili cheese fries, which were made with pale and really delicious. For my entrée, I got the chicken fried chicken. Fried chicken is one of my favorite foods, and this didn't disappoint. It was crispy and fried to perfection. It came with a side of spicy habanero mac and cheese which had just enough kick to make it interesting and collard greens to balance everything out.

I tried some of my friend's meals, including the broccoli rabe mac and cheese which was really good and I would totally consider ordering next time, and the fish and chips which was perfectly battered - the crunchy exterior was melt-in-your mouth delicious.
We ended the meal by all sharing a pineapple upside down cake and a peanut butter chocolate pie. The pineapple cake wasn't really that great and was the only thing less-than-perfect out of the whole experience, but the chocolate peanut butter pie made up for it by being really amazing.

The beer selection is phenomenal, too. I hope to go back again and try the brunch menu next time.
Came back to the Memphis for the first time in maybe a year?  It was just as awesome, and this time around I tried the BBQ cider-braised seitan sandwich, substituting my fries for a mixed green salad on the side.  The roll is yummy, the BBQ sauce perfect, and the seitan amazing.  I loved how the coleslaw was right on the sandwich.  Even my side salad, filled with cucumbers, carrots, and cherry tomatoes, was amazing.  I think the side salad was a good choice because I could appreciate the sandwich more!

For the beer, I tried the Brooklyn Sorachi Ace - a really unique farmhouse ale with Japanese hops.  Not usually a fan of Brooklyn Brewery beers, but this one was goooooooooood.

To top it all off, we split a piece of the vegan black forest cake.  Don't let the vegan fool you - this was amazing.

Hopefully I'll be back here more frequently!
This place is a little off the beaten path, but it's definitely worth the trip! I've been here twice now and really like it. I love that they have a very vegetarian/vegan-friendly menu. I can order half the things on the menu, which is usually not the case. I've tried the famous smoked coconut club and the quinoa chickpea burger. Both were good, but I liked the veggie burger better. The veggie burger is topped with smoked coconut shavings that kind of look like fake bacon and served with a healthy portion of fries. I asked for a side of their beer mustard to put on it, which made it infinitely better. The smoked coconut club obviously has some of the same bacon-looking coconut on it as well as grilled tofu served on sandwich bread. It also comes with a side of delicious fries. I think I didn't like it as much because of the bread -- they need to upgrade to a roll or something better. I also tried some of the fried pickles this time, and they are amazing! Large dill pickle spears fried golden brown, yum. 

They also have an awesome beer selection. This time I was the DD and had already had some beer at Philadelphia Brewing company down the street, so sadly I didn't any this time, but I've had some great IPAs on tap here. 

Service is always great, prices are reasonable, and I've always found parking within a block of this place. Can't go wrong.
I checked in here twice so Yelp asks me "What keeps you coming back?"   I live 21 miles from Memphis Taproom and visited 2 days in a row so ponder that for a moment.
 My guy in his never ending quests to visit all the sites Guy from DDD does, that are reasonable driving distance from Philly  picked a local one in Memphis Taproom. I was happy to try a local one on both Saturday and Sunday this past weekend. 

1st Visit - Party of 2.   2nd visit- Party of 4(2 discerning Millennials) 

Menu: PILSNER-BRINED HOT WINGS as an APP which at $12 and sided by carrots, celery and the most incredible Blue cheese dip is a meal. I said incredible on Saturday which was repeated by the 2 Millennials on Sunday.  I want the recipe to that dipping sauce. Big hit!
 BEER-BATTERED KOSHER DILLS as an APP accompanied by Horseradish buttermilk dip. Sweet, light breading and a crunchy, sour but palatable inside. Yum!
MR. AMERICAN CHEESEBURGER for me on a big roll which although I loved I wish the roll  was just a tad smaller. It contained American cheese, crispy onions, pickles, shredded lettuce and a smoked tomato mayo. Loved this burger and it's taste sensations. 
 MIGHTY MEMPHIS BURGER was what my honey chose and he loved it. It was topped with cheddar, fried kielbasy, crispy shallots and BQ sauce. They rang this carnivore's bell !
** Now onto how to impress a 21 and 22 year old. Include vegan options on the menu and items such as: CHILE PEANUT SALAD made up with Kale, peanuts, chile, Brussels sprouts, radish, broccoli, sesame soy vinaigrette, At $10, my daughter can easily afford this on her planned return visit.  OR how about...
SMOKED SALMON BENEDICT which is Poached eggs( heaven!) , Nova Lox, English muffins, roasted new potatoes, and hollandaise .  Both young ladies loved  these entrees and were impressed with the wings with blue cheese appetizer. 
 My guy and  I enjoyed: SLOW ROAST PORK made with Sharp provolone, baby spinach, fresh garlic mayo and  NOVA LOX PLATTER on a Sesame seed bagel with cream cheese, thinly sliced red onion, tomato, cucumber, capers and kalamata olives.
All apps and entrees were excellent and presented well. The waitstaff were outgoing and friendly and a big part of the reason we love this place. Add to this a really cool bar with loads of brew options where we were very happily greeted both times. This place is not to be missed. That's why we keep coming back. There is something here for everyone.
Our next visit it to the Beer garden.
This place isn't even open yet, but I'm a nerd and I wanted to be the first to write a review.  'Cuz this place is gonna get a ton of 'em.  

We stopped by the other day to check on progress and met the owner who was working hard on putting the finishing touches on the place.  It looks AMAZING.  Funky vintage tile, wood benches and a kick-asstic bar.  They're gonna open in a couple weeks (early May) and since it's only a few blocks from my house, and many others, it's sure to be a neighborhood favorite.  

They've got a great website up.  Be sure to check in and see what's up.  Sign up for their mailing list to be in the know once they open!
Don't let Memphis Taproom's location in a rather sketch part of town deter you--this is a fantastic spot for great drinks and delicious food. 

Memphis Taproom has an upscale dive feel, if such a thing exists. Service is breezy. The staff are friendly, though it's a little awkward when you enter--you have to go past the bar and enter the main dining area to be assisted. I guess this business is separated into two sections--an informal bar at the entrance and a larger room further back where more traditional seating is available. Perhaps this is a typical barroom setup, but I haven't been to too many of these types of establishments so I can't say. Anyway, no hosts here; it's pretty casual.

Their menu isn't all that lengthy, but they clearly espouse the less is more approach. They seem to be more focused and want to do a few things and do them really well. And they do just that.

I ordered the jackfruit cake po'boy, perhaps the most intriguing item on the menu, and loveeeeeeeeeeed this dish. While it looks pretty ordinary--just two fried, falafel-like balls in between New Orleans-style French bread and served with some fries--this sandwich is awesome!!!! Quoting my own Instragram description, the "cakes" were spicy, tangy, creamy, and delicious." The accompanying remoulade was to die for.  Just unbelievable that they could create such flavors using vegan-friendly ingredients. 

I also got their vegan peanut butter cheesecake, and it was yet another vegan menu offering that could have fooled any dairy-lover. Yum!

Just about everything on their menu sounds delicious, and I can't wait to come back to try the quinoa chickpea burger or the smoked coconut club, which seemed quite popular. The special of the day when I stopped by was orange marmalade French toast, which also sounded pretty enticing. Places like Memphis Taproom make me wish that I had a second stomach to store all that wonderful food!
Sadly, I must give this three stars, after babbling on like a psycho about fried pickles and wanting to go here... When I finally did, it was just "eh."

The bartender, a burly sort of guy, had some 'tude.  He was that type of bartender that makes eye contact with you, and when you think he's going to take your order and go "Hi can I-" - he just walks right past you and makes you feel lame-o.  He seemed more into whatever game was on TV than serving his customers, which ... I've been in the service industry, and I just don't think that's acceptable.

The fried pickles were pretty good, but they were a little overdone, and I actually prefer the fried pickles at the Continental.  But, they were decent.  We also had the beef pasties, which were OK.  A little dry.  The hot mustard sauce they came with was awesome.

I ordered the white bean chili as my meal, which.. when I think white bean I think of a white stock, but this was a red, tomato-based stock, which I wasn't too keen on since I was expecting white bean..white stock.  I bet if I were vegan I really would have liked this chili, but when I think of tomato based chili, I think of meeeattt.  Haha.  So, I added sour cream and then it became pretty good.  It was cool that they gave you sliced jalapenos with it - easy way to kick up the heat on your own.

My fiance ordered the fried chicken entree which came with mac n cheese, which was pretty good.  

The beer selection was really nice, and the atmosphere was cool.  

So yeah, 3 stars.  I don't know, maybe they were having an off-night.  Very odd, as the other yelpers seem to love it very much.  Maybe I'll give it another try for lunch sometime.
So so so so so disappointed in this place! All the great reviews, why oh why did I not love it?

I got the king rarebit which I have no complaints about, cheesy and eggy goodness. The fries are really good too.

My boyfriend got the BBQ seitan sandwich, which I really didn't like at all. I hate it when seitan has the bread-y taste if it's not seasoned well, and this is what his tasted like to me. :/ He disagrees and said it was delicious, for the record. 

Also, what the fucking hell, 7 dollars for a franziskaner???? Seriously???? Who do you think you are? 

Draft prices are totally cool though.

Oh and the vegan carrot cake that I had for dessert was delicious!

However the bad outweigh the good for me and I can't say I'd go back here, unless it's with some carnivore friends so I can see what fleshy offerings they have.
Great vegan brunch! I got the Vegan Rooster, which gave me the first vegan blood sausage I have ever encountered... it was good! As was the coconut bacon and especially, the potatoes. Thanks for offering vegan brunch options... I hope to return for lunch one day!
I thought we were on our way to Ida Mae's but my boyfriend tricked me and we walked on over to the Memphis Tap room. I thought it was more of a bar and dinner place, and was pleasantly surprised. We were there for brunch on over the Memorial Day weekend. SO... it was not crowded which is my favorite part of dining over this weekend - the city is truly yours. The place is totally cute, the food is amazing. You have to try the bloody mary it is spicy and chock full of horseradish. Our server Jen was awesome and friendly. Food fresh and tasty, I will be back to try dinner. I highly recommend heading over to support a new business to the neighborhood! Yet another reason to stay local. For the people complaining about the prices - for fresh and delicious food you can not complain about prices, they were fine... If you want a cheap breakfast, I think dunkin donuts has specials right now on their sandwiches.
Memphis is a 7 minute bike ride from my house. That's really the only reason I usually end up here anymore.

I want to adore this place due to its proximity, portabella burgers, and beer garden area. But it's full of dumb rules, like:

No, you can't sit at a table unless you're ordering food. Even if you're the only person there. As a booth-seating enthusiast, I take offense at this. Especially since I like drinking beers at, say, 3pm on a Tuesday (...I am employed, I swear). I'd understand if this rule took effect during peak times, but no. So then this dumb rule is just an excuse for me to order fried pickles. (A+ pickles)

No, you can't take beer or food from the indoor seating area to the outdoor one. But it's 72 degrees and 0% humidity tonight, and the beer garden would be a gorgeous place to eat a real dinner! Nope. (Though the veggie dogs out there are kinda bangin'...)

Pretty sure the hot dog/canned beer truck doesn't take credit cards. You have to stay inside if you have a credit card, where there are no hotdogs. And you have to stay outside if you want one of the canned beers or hotdogs.

The Berlin wall came down a while ago. It's time to open up this Biergarden to the liberated inside bar already, and let some of that delicious gastropub food out into the desolate eastern bloc-garden.


In conclusion, I'm pretty sure that Kraftwork has ruined me, and no other place will ever live up to its easygoing deliciousness.
Ahhhhh, I saw this joint on Diners, Drives & Dives on the food network.  One of the dishes they showed was their Smoked Coconut Club sandwich.  Me being a greedy vegetarian, I had to make a mental note and a yelp bookmark to get to this place and taste that sandwich.  Well, first of all, it is more in a residential area, like a corner bar, and to find parking...(lets forget that part).  After the 2 block walk to the restaurant, we walk in, greeted by bartender, then seated by waitress shortly after.  The restaurant has the old rustic feel to it.  Wood floors, wood tables and chairs.  Kinda tight on space, tables and chairs pretty close together.  For drinks, I don't care for beer, which is their specialty, soooo many to choose from, which shocked me.  Some guests at another table were sampling a few beers.  I should have followed suit, lol.  They didn't have a mixed drink menu, so I asked the waitress what she recommended, so I had a cosmopolitan I think, cranberry juice with lemon vodka.  It was ok, it coulda used a true crushed ice, to make it more like a slush, or maybe im wrong...just my opinion.  The fries were handcut fries, but were extremely salty!!! We had to send them back, which the waitress didn't hesitate to offer a new batch. The new batch were delicious, fresh, not overcooked, and no salt, which we added a pinch ourselves.  Hubby ate a burger, which he said was good.  My smoked coconut club(drum roll...) lol, the coconut was salty to me, not sure what they smoke it with, but it was an abundance on the sandwich, which could be why it tasted salty.  Other than that the sandwich was good, but not like, outta this world good.  I remember seeing the fried pickles on tv too, and a lot of people were ordering them.  I almost forgot to mention our appetizer, which was a kale empanada...it was really delicious, just that I think the portion size was small, just 2 small empanadas.  I was shocked to see all the vegetarian choices offered on the menu, but happy to see I actually had choices, and not just a veggie burger!!  We rode by as we were leaving, and saw that they had a courtyard with tables for dining, which had quite a few people out there.  I saw it too late to eat out there, lol.
been there twice now and the beer's great, the food good.

Excellent choices of beers and all drafts for $4!

The food's ok to good depending.  I imagine they're still working the kinks out.  I had the crispy fried country chicken and it was nice and spicy.
The onion rings were sweet and spicy.  All good so far, though I tried my friends steak frites and it was indeed a bit chewy, but what do you want for $15?
Love this place.
I went back last night for dinner with my girlfriend and oh my god....the food was amazing. Perfect. There isnt a thing I would change about my experience last night. 
I got the Port Richmond platter and the fried pickles. Perfection. It was cooked perfectly and the portions were just right. 
My girlfriend got the Spaghetti Sandwich...which she had before and loved. We've actually been waiting for it to show up again on the menu so we could try Memphis Taproom out again. But yeah, that was perfect as well.
The staff knew EVERYTHING about EVERY beer on the menu! That was very very awesome. I wanted to try a few beers, but wasn't sure what style they were. Our waitress (ugh, I forget her name) described the beers I mentioned and even suggested pairings for them. Very nice touch.

This place is so much better than I remember. I'll be back for sure!
I really like that they have inside dining as well as outside options that seemingly can be used in all weathers (their patio is covered). For a Saturday night the place was pretty empty, aside from my party and one other sitting at the outside benches, (I guess t as pretty late, their kitchen closes at 11pm) but we still enjoyed our time there. 

My boyfriend and I started off with the Cayenne Onion Rings with Habanero Cream Sauce and out of the kitchen came a mound of crispy onion straws, which wasn't what we were expecting, but different in a good way. 

I got the Slow Roast Pork Sandwich (sharp prov, baby spinach, and garlic mayo) and my boyfriend got the McMemphis Chicken Sandwich (Korean Fried Chicken, Gochujang, lettuce, pickles, garlic mayo, on a long roll) and my boyfriends sandwich really stole the show. They both came with a heaping helping of fries, but the roast pork was just okay. It really needed a sauce to go with it, the garlic mayo wasn't enough for all of the meat involved. The McMemphis was amazing. I've only ever heard of Gochujang sauce from Diners Drive-Ins and Dives, and it lived up to the hype. It was sweet and spicy and all that jazz.

I also really appreciate the fact that Memphis has a good number of Veg/Vegan options so that anyone can eat something good here and feel included.
I've been to the Taproom maybe 5 or 6 times since it opened.  And overall my experience has been very inconsistent.  The first time I had the fish and chips, it was god awful. I gave it a second chance a few months later and it was much better.  I have rarely had a plate of food that was entirely delicious.  The chicken tenders were incredible, some of the best I have ever had, but the side of mac and cheese was more like mac and mustard roux.  And the carrots were inedible.  

The roast pork sandwich they used to have was top of the line, and so was the portabella sandwich, but both items were not on the menu the last time I went.  The fried pickles always deliver.  

The Port Richmond platter was a total disappointment.  It seemed like an Applebees version of Polish food.  The Kielbasa was burnt to a char and had no flavor.  The pierogies was gummy.  And the potato pancake was unlike any potato pancake I ever had (I mean this in a bad way).  They were so small that I had trouble finding them on the plate.  I almost complained to the waitress that they were missing.  There are a lot of places in Port Richmond with a lot better Polish food.  

There has been one consistent thing.  Service is always slow, and sometimes rude.  Drinks show up when they show up.  It can be a 7 minute wait for a beer to arrive.  The place is not that big.  In addition, for a place with the word "taproom" in its title, the staff should be able to recommend a beer instead of just blowing the question off.  And there have been a few occasions when it just seemed like I was not welcomed there.  They also have no problem putting you at a table that is too small for your group.  

The following is the description of our last and final trip to the taproom. After waiting once for 20 minutes in the bar with a group of five adults, we were shown to our table by the host and put our drinks down. At this time, a waitress came over and told us we couldn't sit there because she had a group coming in with a baby that would need the table since it was big enough to hold six. She then pointed to a corner table and told us we would be sitting there. Two problems with this, first, the people at this table were still eating, second, the table was hardly big enough for four people. We refused at this point as we had a disabled vet with us who would not have squeezed into the table they wanted us to wait another 15 minutes for. They let us sit at the table we were originally shown to, but the waitress ended up being our server and treated us very poorly for the rest of the evening. When the group with the baby did come in, she loudly pointed to our table and said she tried to get them the seat we were in, but we gave her a hard time. In addition to overall bad service we received on this visit, an eating companion of ours received one of his beers with our waitresses finger in it. It clearly left an indentation in the head of the beer, so it could not be denied. 

We will not be returning to this establishment after this experience, which is ashame, because it seemed to have so much potential when we first started going there.
Last night my girlfriend and I went there. We found out about Memphis Taproom from Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives on the food network.  We split the avocado tacos appetizer which were spicy but delicious. A bit pricey for only 2 small tacos. Nicole got the cheeseburger and I got the steak and potatoes. Both meats were cooked to a perfect medium. The homemade fries were awesome and the side of deviled potato salad was intriguing and delicious. I highly recommend this place. It's a bit fast paced so know that going in.  Beer list was long and a bit over my head. I went with familiar allagash white. The wine list was short but well throughout. Nicole got a Chardonnay-like wine and said it was good.
Note: I would give 3.5 if available. 

Oh Memphis Taproom, you glorious old stand-by. Nestled just down the street from my house, I often times have found myself here, alone or with friends, on numerous occasions. It could be a hungover brunch, a weeknight beer or a Saturday afternoon hot dog during the summer. 

Despite my constant patronage, and despite some overwhelmingly positive attributes, there are certain things that grind my gears when it comes to this place. I'm an optimist, so let's start with the positives. 

+
The Veggie Burger. 
Now, I consider myself to be somewhat of a connoisseur when it comes to veggie burgers in this city, and Memphis Taproom takes the (vegan) cake. I could almost give up meat and be happy if all vegetarian burgers tasted this good and meaty. Same goes for all their vegetarian options (coconut club, gyro, etc). It's all creative and tasty.

On the nonveggie front, their wings are perfectly crispy and flavorful. Mmm. Whoever works the deep fryer in that joint def deserves a promotion.

The Hot Dog Truck. 
Nothing says summer like a footlong dog on a freshly baked bun, washed down with an ice cold can of beer. Their creative hotdog options make for a cheap but delicious and filling lunch on the go.

Of course, the Taproom lives up to its name and offers a great selection of beers on tap. They're always changing and always interesting. Despite the great variety, the tapped beers lead to a bone of contention with MT that I will discuss in my less-favorable section below:

-
Listing of beer prices
The Taproom recently started listing their draft beer prices on their chalkboard, which is definitely a big improvement from their old practices. There have been times when I've been ordering a second (ok, third) beer, not knowing the price, and the bartender will say "Before you get too crazy with those, you should know they are $10 a piece"

Whatttt.

Now I'm no cheapo but if you're serving $10, 10 oz pours it is only fair to your patrons that you make the price obvious. And while they have recently rectified this situation, I've noticed times on my bill where the beer will cost $1 more than listed. 

In a recent visit, my boyfriend ordered two beers that were listed as $5 each on the chalkboard, He was confused when the bartender said "$11". Not wanting to be a dick, my bf didn't say anything, but upon further conversation we realized that this is a common occurrence at Memphis Taproom. 

Now we are not sure if it is intentional or just inattentive, but it is annoying to not have consistency in pricingt. 

Staff:
Finally, the bartenders themselves are a mixed bag. While some (Frankie) are cool and friendly, others come off as snobby. Many times numerous bartenders have stood their chatting with friends or fellow staff as my glass remained empty for an extended period of time. There have been times I have left the bar because the demeanor of the staff behind the bar is some uncomfortable. 



All this aside, I still like MT and I will definitely be back. The foundation of restaurants lie in their food and drinks, and MT is definitely the best gastropub option in the area.
Memphis Tap Room has a lot of things going for it:

- A delicious dinner menu, filled with some of the highest quality "pub food" you are likely to find.
- A great beer slection, and a staff that is knowledgable about said beers.
- A comfortable atmosphere divided into two zones: "dinner" and "bar", both of which have their purposes.

The only downside to this place is that it's in Port Richmond and not West Philly.  I suppose that's just a problem for me though.

Highlights of my meal were the fried pickles and the cellar temp hand pulled IPA recommended by my server.

This place is the hottt and you should go here.  Immediately.
Oh Memphis Taproom, you cheap little whore. Why must you now tempt me with your beer garden with $5 gourmet hot dogs? Why?  Knowing I can walk down the street and get dinner for $9 is much too tempting for a dude like me that lacks self-control

Look folks, I know you're thinking, "a 5$ got dog"?  Worth every penny, it's actually a bargain  There's varieties for just about everyone, including vegetarians.  I was stuffed from just one, I could've eaten two, but didn't wanna go to bed at 5pm

The beer garden is basically a cafeteria style joint that serve beers and not-so-cafeteria style food.  It's a hot dog cart on steroids. Great addition to the area!
There are three things in life these days that act as instant gustatory anti-depressants.  Imbibing or gormandizing any of these three, or even more importantly, in combination, results in the onset of a sensation of fulfillment and happiness in such a profound fashion that for a brief few minutes, I am left with the thought that all simply must be right in the world.   Of course this fades, which is great news for the owners of fine gastropubs such as Memphis Taproom.

What are these miracle, seratonin-releasing foods?  For me, they are great beer, pickles, and the more esoteric qualifier "fried".  MTR provides the most excellent trifecta of these items with their broad tap selection and their fried pickles.  If only man could live on fried pickles and beer alone, I would take up residence above this mecca of gastropubbery.  

Their dominance has recently been enhanced by the addition of their new outdoor space, with a different canned beer selection and assortment of hot dog varietals.  I can't recommend this place enough.
I love this place, especially for breakfast. Good strong coffee, best fried pickles ever and today I had AMAZING ginger blueberry French toast with fresh whipped creme. Food of the gods! We always get the same waiter who is amazing with a great sense of humor
Let's focus on the positive...i found parking right around the corner from Memphis and it was free! One star. Additionally, I had off today as its MLK day. 2 stars.  

Moving on.  I'm sure many of us have seen the episode of Diners, Drive ins and Dives where Guy goes to MP to try the Vegan club sand....and he's all like...oooo and ahh, oooo and ahhh, with his all natural blonde spikes. Of course after seeing that, I bookmarked the ish out of Memphis Tap! 

Onto the unfortunate part. The club wasn't bad or anything, but it was just meh.  The fries were good but so are McD's dollar ones. 

We ordered the fried pickles as well. I've had a bunch of fried pickles and sadly these were one of my least favorite. Saturated in oil, the pickle lost its crispness.  Together, my date and I barely finished one spear!

Service was good. Waiter was semi disinterested in conversation, but nice none the less.

Long story short, I blame Guy for my lunch let down. 

After reading other yelpers reviews, it looks like there are some tasty items but I don't think I'll be rushing back to the bustling area of Kensington any time soon.
We stopped by Memphis Taproom for happy hour yesterday. Happy hour runs from 4-7pm , and includes a small selection of beers and wine at a discounted price. We also shared a huge plate of onion rings (the shoe string kind not the thick cut ones). The food is your typical bar fare but they do have a large selection of beers and the staff was really nice and helpful.
new favorite place.
what took me so long to head over here?

i came here for dinner and drinks with a friend. we walked in and he knew the bartender who cheerfully chatted with us for a moment before we headed back to the dining room. their beer selection is pretty solid. (though i was on a budget and had something cheap and not very adventurous). i was a little disappointed in the Suicide Rings (spicy onion rings). i imagined spicy, large onion rings. they had a kick but weren't that spicy and they were a tangled mess of thin rings that were falling apart. BUT to make up for it, the mac & cheese with asparagus and pesto...DELICIOUS. so amazingly delicious. 

this place has great food. damn.
I think I my expectations for Memphis were a bit too high.  My girlfriend and I had brunch here on memorial day weekend.  The brunch menu is small and I would have rather ordered off the lunch menu.  

Our bartender was about as knowledgeable as one could be on their beer.  She explained in so much detail that I felt like a beer novice.  The draft list was great and the bottle selection was huge.

For our meals we had:

EGGS BEDNARIK . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .$10
Poached eggs, kielbasy, english muffins and hollandaise

KING RAREBIT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .$10
Old Peculiar-cheddar fondue, Texas toast, sunny side up eggs, served with fries

I ordered a side of potatoes because I thought the Bednarik didn't come with them.  They did and I wish our bartender would have said something.  I wouldn't have doubled up on them if I would have known.  The hollandaise was good but not anything special.  The Kilebasy was very very good.

My girlfriend has the King Rarebit with the fondue on the side.  The fondue was good but not great.

I was satisfied with my meal and it was priced very fair.  I wouldn't come back for brunch again but I will return to try lunch or dinner.  On our way out we stopped at the lunch truck in the beer garden to grab a hot dog.  

MACKINAC
Grilled dog, chili, cheddar, raw onion, yellow mustard, macaroni salad

The hot dog was good and we had ours minus the macaroni salad.

If it wasn't so windy I would have liked to sit outside and try a few more beers.
We just moved into Fishtown/Kensington area and our friend told us about this place.   We all went a few weeks ago and loved it.  Great food, service is awesome, and very cute inside.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone around the area.
a local fav!  i live on memphis street so how can i not want the name glorified!   :)
anyway, love the beer selection, the veggie burger, atmosphere and the people/ staff.  did i mention their veggie burger?  yum!!
only negative is that some of their food, in my opinion, is hit or miss.  i don't stray too far from what is tried and true.  ]

either way, love it still!
Memphis is my new favorite brunch place in Philly!  It has everything you want from a brunch place: great food, AMAZING thick sliced bacon, good drinks, good coffee, and minimal waiting time since it's kinda in north bumble fuck!

I was pleasantly impressed by the food. The brunch menu is eclectic and free of the boring staples of most brunch places, and if they have staples they have a delicious twist! Highlights of our parties orders were the thick sliced bacon that came on some of the dishes, the chicken fried chicken (tender, mac and cheese- to die for), apple fry jacks (BESTTTT)!,  pumpkin french toast (not sickeningly sweet like most places) and the fried oysters, not to mention the suicide onion rings!

Ok, so everything was incredible!

You might need a car to get here, but it is TOTALLY worth it!
Last time I went to the Memphis Taproom it was Mystery Beer Weekend, I drank beers I didn't like and didn't know the names of. 

I was excited to head back and see what their regular beer list was like, but when I went back and it was German Beer Weekend. This place loves drinking games. I had great food and great service, but had to order a bottled beer, cause I'm just not that into German beer. 

I want my beer to be black. I want it to come out of a tap. Year round.

Went back again for brunch and there was finally a stout on draught! Egg in a nest with roasted mushrooms and an imperial stout make for a good morning. Hopefully they have a festive stouts weekend sometime soon!
Memphis Taproom has plenty to offer: a fantastic beer list (one of the best in Philadelphia), a variety of innovative and interesting vegetarian and vegan options, great homestyle comfort food, and an extremely knowledgable, attentive, and friendly waitstaff. It also has something called Chicken Fried Chicken.

I've been here a handful of times, and everything I've had has been phenomenal. The Vegan Shepard's Pie? Phenomenal. The Smoked Coconut Club? Phenomenal. The Port Richmond Platter, with its juicy kielbasy, buttery pierogies, potato pancakes, and sauerkraut? Phenomenal. Seriously, if you haven't tried any of those, you need to get real. And also, if you get the chance, check out brunch on Saturday or Sunday. It's totally awesome. And phenomenal. It's all phenomenal, but up until this point, however, I have not written a review. I've thought about it, but before I can get to it, I forget or get sidetracked. This time, it's different, because I can't forget. Chicken Fried Chicken is all I can think about.

Now, Chicken Fried Chicken is not chicken that has been fried in chicken (to my knowledge). It is essentially just fried chicken, but it's good fried chicken. It's great fried chicken. Not only that, but it's lathered in this fantastic habanero mustard sauce. They make the perfect team. It gets better though, because it also comes with a side of creamy mac and cheese and braised collard greens. This is southern comfort in Philadelphia.
So happy that this place has opened up.  Its close to the art studio and is perfect for the mid-afternoon  hunger-pang abatement program.  
For a bar menu, its surprisingly grazer friendly.  I got the veggie bbq sammich (seitan). It was fantastic served with a crisp, tangy non-mayonaisey slaw that was really devine.  I was hanging out with omnivores who got the "real" bbq sandwich, steak frites, grilled romaine salad (the salad and the chicken were both grilled).  All were pronounced excellent, especially when washed down with lots and lots of wonderful cold beer (4$drafts).  Lagunitas IPA - hooray! For all its yumminess, the food is surprisingly affordable.   Five stars Memphis Taproom!  Shine on!
Brunch?

BELGIAN WITBIER MIMOSA.

Get it!
Well, I finally had a chance to check Memphis out, only a year or so ago I wondered in the former Walt's and thought, wow, this spot has potential.
I must say overall it was good, but the bartender I found to be a bit rude and a few beers that were written on the board were not actually in stock.  The food was good but not spectacular, though the attempt is to be applauded.  Having just moved back  from California, I must say it's great to see Philly is slowly reaching its potential at being -The Next Great City!
Simply put, you must to bookmark the Memphis Tap Room.  I'm sure you will go to a handful of crappy bars and restaurants this year and you will be kicking yourself for not going here instead.  
The food here is delicious.  You can taste the love and care they put in to  creating each dish.  For the vegetarians and vegans out there, look closely at the menu and you will see a number of options to augment the listed item for something more suiting to your tastes.  I heard they were going to start doing a brunch menu but I have yet to try it out.  Next weekend perhaps! 
I'm impressed by the buzz surrounding this establishment.  I have never seen anything like it.  Since opening day the place has been packed.  I think that means we can expect great things from this place going forward.  A friend was there on opening night and met one of the owners and is now on a first name basis with her.  She's a very friendly and passionate person.  Definitely someone I would want preparing meals for me!  
I believe the bartender (also part owner?) used to work at Nodding Head or some other popular bar in the city and his vast knowledge of beer smacks you over the head when he notices you thinking over the beer selection.  Very helpful and friendly!
Memphis Taproom has become more and more a favorite for me over the past year. The addition of their beer garden only helped.

The outdoor food truck that serves up a variety of creative and delicious hot dogs is probably the best thing i've ever heard of. All of the hotdogs are available in a veggie option so I don't have to feel left out! I always get the "suicide" dog - sriracha, jalapenos, and suicide rings on a dog. This baby is hot and not for the faint of heart but delicious and worth every penny of the $5. They always have a great selection of rotating can beers, too. You can relax and wait for them to make your food at big wooden benches out in the summer air. A great place to stop for a quick bite on a beautiful summer night. 

Inside, the food is some of the best around and I cannot stress enough that Memphis Taproom has recently taken the crown for BEST MAC & CHEESE IN ALL OF PHILADELPHIA (which was previously held by Chris' Jazz Cafe...I have a bit of a personal quest for the best in the city). Their asparagus truffle mac & cheese will put you back $13 and more than enough calories under your belt (probably) but I swear to god you will not regret a single bite. I also suggest the chicken fried coconut club. I've been dying to go here for brunch because I've heard good things, too, but I often work weekend mornings so I have not yet but will be ASAP.

A lot of the beers are a bit pricey but they have some old standbys. Their draft list is usually full of things I can't pronounce or don't know but the employees are friendly...just ask for a suggestion!
..as I keep returning to this place I find myself in bliss simply for the fact that it not only maintains the momentum but improves with age.
My dinner last night was a delight.   After the Craig LaBan glowing review, I decided to finally try the less obvious choice : the Portrichmond Platter.  It was soooo good.  I started off with a Victory Saison which was very good and as I was waiting for the food, Brendan co-owner and his Wife Leigh, both greeted me separately.  They're so friendly and welcoming.  Brendon suggested a great beer for my follow up drink, however he excitedly changed his mind  when he saw my plate arrive.  He suggested the Legacy Pilsner since it was light, crisp and sure to clense my palatte between each bite.  WOW , was he dead on!  Leigh suggested a great dark mahagony beer with 8.0 Alch. that was great for dessert.  I'd remember the name if it hadnt enjoyed the beers so much.

My friend had Wahu fish replacing the MahiMahi since they ran out of that.  IT was so good, flakey and buttery that I'd kind of rather have the replacement fish next time!  Boy,I love this place.
There's nothing I can say that hasn't already been said. This place is great. Good food, good service, good drinks, good atmosphere. Good brunch, good dinner, good everything. If you're going to do the fried pickles - take a couple home and put them in your fridge. They're AWESOME cold. Trust me.
Memphis is still in the upper echelon of beer bar in Philadelphia, but newcomer competition and Memphis' ironclad management have dropped the place down a notch.  

Things I still like: Great beer, honestly some of the stuff here isn't available anywhere else in the city.  Great brunch.  Nice outdoor space.

Things that bring it down a notch: Ever increasing beer prices (especially now that tax is not included).  No prices or pour sizes noted for drinks (I should not be asking the bartender for this information).  Menu is small and does not change too often, so if you are a regular you may get a bit bored.  Cash only outside, as well as a separate menu and drink list with no cross over allowed. 

I still like what Memphis does, but it is now my 3rd, 4th or 5th choice when it used to be an unquestionable first choice.
This cute place has a really good beer selection on tap.  The menu offers some creative choices rather your traditional bar food.  They offer a lot of vegetarian options.  I wouldn't suggest it for a date since it is usually too loud.  I was glad with my choice from the menu, but I only wish they offered more options.  A little gem of a restaurant.
Ok.  I'm known for tackling DDD when I attend American conferences.  Word has spread and this is the first time I have brought customers with me.  After a  confusing cab ride, we arrived.  The beer garden was off limits due to a home brew festival as part of beer week. I would of been cool to try a dog. 

We arrived at the bar to be told there was a wait.  I was ok with this.  The problem was I waited 15 min to order a beer in the bar. 4 of the 5 of us were there and they refused to seat us until the 5th arrived although a table was ready.

We were finally seated and ordered another beer.  It took a while and they forgot mine.  We only had ther brunch menu available and ordered a variety:


Deep fried pickles- Too much batter and pickles were not even warm.

Wings- very "normal"

Deep-fried strawberries- Novel idea.  Same batter as pickles.  Greens still on them.  Small amount of balsamic.

Slow Roast Pork- Average

Crawdad Donuts- Unique and well done.  Sauce as rich and spicy.

Dessert- The lemon cake they offered was one of the worse desserts I've had.  It was dry and uninspiring.  

In the end, I was most excited about this place and brought a group there to share the experience.  The experience was lead by pretentious attitudes and service and food that couldn't back it up.
10 years ago, I would never have imagined saying "let's head to dinner in Kensington". In fact, many people from outside the city still look at me funny when I tell them where I like to dine and just how up and coming this neighborhood is now. I especially love the area because of how vegan friendly it is! Memphis Taproom is no exception!! 

Hubs and I headed here for a casual summer date night. We found free street parking right out front in the residential neighborhood immediately. We walked passed the adorable courtyard with strands of glowing white lights and into the friendly, inviting, small space complete with a bar in the front of house and glanced at a menu. So many inciting options for us both! He's a meat eater, I'm vegan. Vegetarian  and vegan items were clearly marked and plentiful!

We were informed that the full menu was not offered outside and that's really where we wanted to sit on a perfect Summer's night so we just went with it. We ate from the truck outside in the too cute beer garden which only had a few offerings, but it was perfection! I had the jackfruit crab cakes which had such incredible and identical flavor to crab I could hardly believe there wasn't any in the meaty cakes which were served on a fluffy bun with a prefect remoulade. OMG were these good! I still talk about them and have yet to find ones as good! Anywhere! Even if you're not vegan, give them a go! So unique!! Hubs had fish and chips which he liked a lot as well. We threw back some brews and had a uber delicious, inexpensive, laid back date. The lights set some romantic vibes as we say snuggled up on a picnic table in front of a wall of growing green goodness. 

I have been meaning to come back again as our first experience was so delicious and memorable. Brunch looks amazing!!!! Quinoa chickpea burgers, spaghetti sammy with Lentil meatballs, marinara, vegan mozzarella, Coconut club with lemon garlic tofu, smoked coconut, tomato herb mayo or a kale salad with beer soaked raisins. C'mon! How would I be able to choose just one?!

I would say it's worth going out of your way for! 

Fab Philly Mom says: Bring the kiddos! They'll love the lights and food trucks! There's definitely something for them! 

.
Well, you know you can never go back to a place when your neighbors write your phone number on the receipt for the guy whose been serving your party. 

Another post-Christmas pre-New Year neighborhood lunch has come and gone. Each year we gather at MT for a blowout feast of fried food and beer before rolling out the door to wait out the indigestion at home. This year we had the restaurant to ourselves for portions of the afternoon which was a nice change of pace from the times where the place feels full to bursting. 

[Sidebar: I know it's a neighborhood place and I actually enjoy children, but I still get irked by the high-pitched screech of the wee ones that adults bring along when I'm trying to relax with a beer and friends. That really has nothing to do with the restaurant but rather the fact that post-modern parents feel that every restaurant is toddler-friendly.]

The food is still delicious and I like that they keep familiar favorites while changing up the entrees with seasonal ingredients and creative entrees (fried cheese grits with shrimp? yes, it does exist!). The fried pickles are still a big draw for me - I like to consider them my "vegetable" when at MT. There is just something so appealing about a steaming, yet still crisp kosher dill couched in batter. The fish and chips would put any UK pub to shame - fresh, flaky fish in a thick, slightly crisp crust piled on a bed of thickly cut, well-seasoned fries. They even have malt vinegar for the diehards among you. Vegetarians and vegans alike will also find options beyond the usual rabbit fare to enjoy. And, even, dainty ladies can have their salad and eat it, too (with goat cheese!).

I highly recommend the Du Ciel Aphrodisiaque if you like a thick, chocolately stout. The Victory Smokin' Oats is equally hearty and satisfying in the cold, winter weather. Once again, their choice of beers on tap does not disappoint. They've still got a whole menu of standards, though, for the less adventurous and plenty of liquor for those who prefer cocktails to suds. 

Buddy - that may or may not be his actual name depending on how he feels about Yelp reviews - managed our large, unwieldy group like a pro, refilling water glasses, scribbling orders, and keeping the taps flowing throughout our 5-hour marathon. We never once received that exasperated look that says "Aren't you done yet?" and nary a request went untended. 

Here's to a smashing 2011!
I spent way too long staring at Memphis Tap's beer list last weekend. Flipped back and forth -- eyeing the drafts and and glancing at the bottle list. By the time our server stopped back at the table a second time, I had narrowed my decision down to five beers and chose the first name that came out of my mouth: the Funk. PA local!

"Good choice," she said, and I later agreed.

Dinner was also fantastic. I ordered the Chicken Fried Chicken and was worried about the accompanying habanero mustard sauce (I'm a tame honey mustard kinda person), but it ended up being pretty good. I loved the mac and cheese side, but probably could've done without the collard greens. Maybe some spinach instead, or something! That's still green!

It's definitely a bit of a trek to get to this place, but it's also very much worth it. Great beer and fried chicken! Super nice service! I will absolutely be back.
My boyfriend and I came here with high expectations after hearing about it on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives, but were pretty disappointed.

I like to be a positive person, so I'll start off with the good here. They had an excellent craft beer selection, their food was decent, and they had a beer garden (although we ate inside because no one seemed to be using the beer garden). I shared an appetizer of fried pickles (the best part of my meal - I hadn't tried fried pickles before and these were delicious). I just had a burger as my meal, and it was decent as well. 

I would have given this place three stars if it weren't for the extremely rude waitress we were unfortunately stuck with. I don't think I've encountered worse service in my life (and I'm not exaggerating). From the beginning I felt rushed to make a decision on my meal, but that was just the tip of the iceberg. She was short with the both of us for the entire meal, but two incidents really blew it for me. 

When we asked for the dessert menu, she said they had 'peach cake' and something else. I asked her what the 'peach cake' was, hoping for an elaboration. In a very sarcastic, condescending tone, she said ' it's cake...with peaches in it.' Her remark was extremely snide but it was the tone of contempt that got me. We did not order dessert. She brought us the check, and as my boyfriend and I both went to pull out our wallets, we exchanged a few words about who would pay (this was not a long drawn out thing, it must have lasted 15 seconds), and the waitress snapped and said 'having a bill fight, are we?! and basically snatched the check and my boyfriend's card from his fingers.' We were appalled. I have worked in food service before and so I tend to be understanding when waitstaff are a little off (especially if it's busy), but I couldn't explain her behavior away...it wasn't even busy in there. 
If she was having a personal crisis bad enough to make her that rude, maybe she should  have been given the day off because she completely ruined our dining experience. Unfortunately we will not be returning.
In the interest of full disclosure I must preface this review by saying that a) I live four blocks from this place and have been dying for a good place to walk to, so even a subpar place would have been a-ok with me and b) one of the co-owners is my wedding caterer, and he's great.  

That being said, this place is awesome.  Beer selection, menu, brunch, appetizers, awesomely creative desserts...I've tried almost all of it, and it's all delicious.  Even the deep fried pickles were great, even if I thought the taste of the dish was a little strange.  It is the perfect combination of down-home food and modern class.  Spanky creates a beer list that has variety, quality, and flavor...and it is constantly changing, so we're always trying something new.  The constant nods to local style (PBC & Yards beers, the Port Richmond Platter, etc.) are heart-felt, not just for show.  What's also cool is that you can walk in there and see a pretty good mix of newbie hipsters and old school Kenzo residents.  It's a GREAT addition to this area, and I plan to continue spending the better part of my weekends there.
There are many things that are right about Memphis.  They'll always have excellent beers on draft in which seems to get cheaper the longer it stays on, ensuring new brews often.  The fish and chips are one of my favorites in the city, utilizing fist-sized cuts of haddock.  And you can talk beer with any of the bartenders.  And then there's a beer garden in the works that you can see next to the building.  Holy shit.

Also, I found an awesome pairing the last time I was at Memphis for lunch.  Typically, I would peel off excess fried batter off of most things to uh, save a few calories.  They had Brooklyn Cookie Jar porter on tap.  By drinking that, it effectively made their fried batter taste like sugar cookies.  FRIED sugar cookies.  I heard myself become fatter right then and there.
Great draft and bottled beer selection at very reasonable prices.  Service is very friendly and attentive.  They would do better using better rolls on their sandwiches instead of supermarket sesame buns.
Memphis Tap was great when I lived across the street from there.  A friendly neighborhood place.  A great addition to the neighborhood. There was a girl who tended bar there, and she was awesome....sadly she moved to Cali.  This dude is a bartender there now most of the time, and he is so moody. 

 I think it would be a pretty sweet gig, and he should lighten up.

The food is super hit or miss.  The wings are VERY good if you order them crispy, and the vegan burger is pretty good.  Besides those items the food was almost inedible.  They should bring back the original Mac and Cheese that was really good, but not consistently good.  

I was very excited about the cauliflower mac and cheese, but it was awful and soupy...ugh.

Good beer.

I would give three stars for a *safer neighborhood, good beer selection, and vegan burger.  I heard the hotdog truck is great if you like a bunch of ish on you dog.
Well here I am thinking I already wrote a review for this place when I was here about a year ago, only to find I only checked in.  Very disappointed in myself.  Needless to say, this place rocks and I was prepared to comment on it's consistency.  When I was hear last year I started out with a beer (I just can't remember which one but I know it was a house recommended beer and it was spectacular.)  I complimented that with the Sweet Heat Onion Strings.  In one word, addictive.  Well two words cause they are spicy too.  I then treated myself to the Port Richmond Platter, which is any polish food lover's dream.  Kielbasa, Peirogies, sauerkraut and potato pancakes.  It was awesome and I ate it all!  I left wanting to immediately return as if I ate nothing so I could consume it all over again.  

Round two was just the other night and this time it was a Pumpkin beer that tasted like liquid pumpkin pie that started me off.  I was with a group so we all shared the Sweet Heat rings, deep fried pickles (I seriously burnt the $hit out of my mouth on one 'cause I was too anxious to try it.). and a cheese plate which seriously...seriously...it was epic.  Caramelized Onions, pears, some other stuff and three really awesome cheeses.  Damn it was good.  

Then it happened, my mind was blown, my taste buds were actually looking at me in disbelief as I consumed THE BEST REUBEN SANDWICH I HAVE EVER HAD.  I mean, no disrespect to those who make the Reuben, they were probably good, but they will never match the Memphis Taproom's.  I mean, this wasn't just sliced deli corned beef, this was big manly chunks of flavorful corned beef, smothered in sauerkraut that was perfection, not too bitter or sweet or overpowering.  The Swiss was the creamiest I've ever had and the Russian dressing...well, it was just dressing, but you can't do that wrong.  It was just a perfect medley of pure satisfaction.  It will be extremely hard for me not to order that every time I go there.  It was THAT good.  

The staff was super awesome and friendly, thanking us for waiting for our table, attentive, knowledgeable and knew where to get answers.  It only added to a perfect night and a fantastic meal at the Taproom.  I'm glad my friend just moved within blocks of this place because I will be back.

P.S. I am really glad that this place didn't let the visit from Triple D affect their operations.  I have seen that all too often, but these guys and girls keep it real.
Memphis Tap Room, I love you.  Thank you for being so close to my house.  Thank you for giving me delicious food whether I want brunch or dinner.  Thank you for the bloody mary and the beer.
I don't know the owner, but I'd wager he is not a racist. I've been here many, many times with just about every shape, size and color you can find. Always a great staff.

I didn't care much for this place first couple of visits. They had a great selection of beers, but the food didn't do much for me and I found the aforementioned "skinhead" owner loud. I love being wrong! The reason I kept coming back was due the the friendliness of that very owner. He might be the best bartender I've had - knew what my tastes were within 2 or 3 visits and always hit the mark when suggesting something new to me. I think his eyes even lot up once when I asked if he had good and sour in the way of a gueuze. Great, spreadout selection of drafts and plenty of bottles to cover all the bases.

The food is good, my favorite veggie burger in town. Always good fish and chips. The fried goods are great! I haven't had a salad that did much for me, but that's cool. 5 stars since I can't do 4.5.
i'm with susanne j on this one, though i don't love the food as much. i was anxiously awaiting the opening of this place and the first night i went, it was opening night and a lot of fun (though of course with harried waitstaff). i've been back a few times since and it disappoints each time. i try to like it, i do, but the burly bartender that susanne mentioned is just a bit puffed up and uses ridiculous terms to describe the food. the burger, which he described as 'substantial', was decidedly thin and not even remotely substantial. the special another day, seafood bisque, was barely seafood soup it was so thin. he had another choice word for it, maybe it was 'bangin' or 'the best you ever had'. either way, i was disappointed. another time i went in for brunch and the waitress was rude (which usually isn't a big deal, but this visit ended up being the final straw for this place), and did not know her job. drinks were asked for and not received, water was not refilled and one of my companions' brunches came out wrong. and no, it was not a busy day. i remember not liking my brunch meal, but i cannot even remember what i ordered. the beer selection is very very good, but to be honest, there is a lot of competition in that arena now. i'll get in my car and drive to prohibition taproom for great beer, great owners and good food before i'll walk the ten minutes to memphis taproom. i wish i could give this place 2.5 stars, since although i've experienced better, it isn't quite meh because of the excellent beer list, but that isn't enough for me to give it a third star.

UGH! but i still want to give them another try....why why why? i think it's the damned rarebit on their brunch menu, but none of my friends or boyfriend will go there anymore....UGH!
My opinion of this place has changed recently.  It's still a great spot for anyone vegan that wants decent food and good beer.  I just find it offensive that the bar decided to stop posting the prices of the various beers on the menu.  I dont want the burden of asking the server to tell me the price of every beer on tap.  Ya know what? I'll just go somewhere else.  There's so many other places within the area that has even better choices of beers on taps that dont annoy me.  I'll still stop in occasionally if Im with a vegan friend but it's no longer a place I go regularly.
Dude I so wanted to love this place. Sadly we were let down again. We tried this place when they first opened, a few years later with the same results.

We arrived today around 5pm for dinner. We sat in the back, the bar was crowded and the outdoor area was slammed! Upon arrival we asked a waitress where the restroom was and with an attitude and no words she just pointed to the restroom. When we were sat we
were given the normal water, 10 minutes later the waitress(thankfully a different one) came over to see if we were ready for drinks. My wife had some questions about beer list, she was very thorough in her explanations and variations of beer.

We started with the Pilsner wings, they were cooked well but they were just okay. The wing sauce tasted like anywhere else and the wings were on the small side. My wife ordered the kale salad, meh, it was literally kale with blueberries and cheese. She was less than impressed. I ordered the mushroom grinder and here lies my biggest issue. A grinder should be toasted etc. it was essentially a mushroom hoagie. While it was tasty, it's not what I expected nor was it a grinder. Another issue is the drink refills. While the service was good(not great) if my drink is empty and I'm still eating, Just refill it! Especially at $3.00 for an iced tea. I hate when this happens! Also being a "neighborhood" place they should offer a kids menu. They don't which is a huge bummer. Therefore we had to order a side of Mac and cheese $4.00, cornbread $4.00, fries $4.00, and a drink $3.00..$15.00 to feed a toddler at a local bar is a bit much. The cornbread by the way was the worst I've ever had. It was so dry and dense!!

Sadly, we will not be back. Fool me twice, shame on me.. $72.00 for wings, hoagie, salad, kids meal and 1 beer... I don't mind paying good money for good food and service but this isn't the place, don't believe the hype..2 stars all day
I used to love it here, but haven't been in FOREVER since we started a family and they don't like kids... such a bummer... If you're a free-wheelin' hipster, it's perfect for you: plaid shirts, winter hats in the summer, and beards as far as the eye can see!

The food is good though. Great for vegetarians, which was always a huge plus for us. But if you have a child under the age of 5, there are plenty of other similar places in the area that will accommodate you.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place! All I need to say if fried pickles. The best damn fried pickles on the East Coast. In the last few months (since I've last paid a visit) they've somehow gotten better with even thicker beer batter - almost like corn -dog coating but deep fat fried. Everything else is top notch, the beer list is killer, the space is adorable, and the staff is lovely. What else to say? If I lived any closer, I'd be 10 pounds heavier.
Consider this the six-day review..... for being open less than a week, Memphis Tap Room hit everything just the way the beerflies like it.  

The place was mad busy, Flyers on the TV in the bar keeping everyone riled up and yelling... we snagged the last table in the smallish dining room for four of us.  

All drafts are $4, which is a great deal.  I got a Poperings Hommelbier, a very hoppy Belgian, in the correct tulip-shaped glass.   Our server also recommended Cooper's Sparkling Ale, from Australia, which was super light but very flavorful.  

The food selection was great, we couldn't decide what to get so we got everything!   Wings- superlative; Port Richmond platter of kielbasa, pierogies and potato pancakes- delish, goat cheese salad with smoked walnuts- pretty good, but the smoked walnuts are weeeird.  Kind of like eating a tiny charcoal briquette.

Service was good even though they were slammed.  Definitely will return here to eat many times.   Good work dudes.
Memphis Taproom has delicious beer offerings, tasty food (the best wings in the city, hands down!), a comfortable neighborhood-friendly atmosphere, two of my favorite bartenders around (Jess and Julianna--those ladies are the shit!), and a sweet location (three blocks from my house which makes it easier to stumble home after consuming too many beverages).

This is the kind of place in which I can spend all day, 11AM to 8PM (or later!), from Bloody Marias (hey, I like tequila) and eggs at brunch to wings, steak and beer at dinner. Oh, wait! I've done that.

Seriously, the MT rules.
Great late night eats in fishtown.

Parking in the area is a bit of a struggle, but once you're inside there's plenty of room to sit and eat or hang out. Waitress was super sweet and attentive. Great beer list but I'm not much of a beer person so I can't vouch for it much.

We had the green beans appetizer first which was delicious. Grilled and savory with a creamy sauce, I want more!

Also got the pork sandwich with fries. Pork was well seasoned and not too fatty. Perfect bun, phenomenal garlic aioli. Fries were just perfect too. I'll definitely be coming back for more.
SO MANY VEGAN OPTIONS! The spaghetti sandwich? HOLY best thing ever invented. Seriously. I could eat that every day. I'd be like 200 pounds, but whatever. Minus one star because of the location. Driving from Center City to here is kind of a drag, but definitely worth it for the menu. If this place was closer to me, I'd eat here way more often.
First course: salt. 
Second course: salt.
Third course: SALT!!!

After 4 trips to the Memphis Taproom, I must wonder whether the normal diners are the hip kids the Taproom seems to be catering to or, in fact, thoroughbred horses whose salt licks just ran out. 

And it's a shame too, because there is a lot to like about The Memphis Taproom. Stepping inside is a breath of fresh air in a neighborhood essentially devoid of comfortable dining. It really does feel like a restaurant trapped inside a bar, with the back room made up of tables, low lighting, and highbrow art done in a tasteful manner. Sometimes, you can even forget that you stepped inside a bar. 

That being said, don't think you cant get a great pint at the Taproom. I was wonderfully delighted to find a hand-pump done well, which so many other bars screw up and simply serve sub-standard pours to diners with a curt explanation of "this is how hand-pump beer is done."  The Victory hand-pump was simply delicious. 

And then there's the food. 

My first two visits were for brunch. What a fantastic menu. There are light items, heavy items; there are savory items, there are sweet items; there are breakfast items, and there are lunch items. 

I chose the Cream Chipped Beef. One of my favorite dishes, it is making a comeback on brunch menus in the last few years. It's a comfort food for me, harking back to the days that my mother would stir it all together on the stove on cold December Pine Barren mornings.

Sadly, this dish resembled nothing of that. A tiny portion with a salt shaker dumped into it. There is no other description. 

We went back, give it another try. Different dishes, same salty result, this time This time, it was the now-discontinued Port Richmond breakfast. 
 
Recently, some friends suggested it as a pre-Johnny Brendas meetup spot. Heck, the environment's great, the brews are tasty, and the menu is imaginative. Why not?

The suicide rings were true to their name. Death by salt. 

The burger was less salty, but still a bit much. This dish, however, lacked any sort of imagination. 

In the end, I do think I will keep giving the Memphis Taproom chances. Why, I do not know. By any sort of measure, it should be off my menu. But I have to think at some point The Taproom's friends and family will corner it in a room, sit it down with a therapist who specializes in these things, and shoot it straight from the hip:

Memphis Taproom, you have a salt problem.
Saw this place on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives so I figured I'd stop in on a business trip. Everything on the menu sounded great! I tried the catfish po boy with fries (I'm pissed because I overheard the bartender say they have a pork belly and watermelon salad...but I digress). The sandwich was pretty good and you could tell the fries were homemade. I asked Ruth (bartender) if she could recommend a beer...she did and it went well with the catfish. Ruth was great and gave me the beer for free because the catfish took a little while to come out. Hope I didn't get you in trouble Ruth! I'm definitely coming back to try the pork belly salad.
Great neighborhood institution serving meat lovers and vegans with equal vigor. Beer list is unmatchable anywhere. For beer nerds it can't be beat. The garden area is superb and the service has been consistently the best Since opening day.
Memphis taproom is vegetarians dream, especially if you're looking for some comfort food! 

I went with a friend so we tried a little bit of everything and I enjoyed every single bite. Starting with the fried pickles some of the best I've ever had. 

My next favorite was the tofu and coconut bacon club sandwich. I never thought of toasting coconut in such a way that it almost tasted like bacon, very impressive! 

We also tried the lentil balls spaghetti stuffed Sandwich, it was okay but I wouldn't have ordered it again next time. 

Overall... For being a little bit out-of-the-way from the main downtown area, I would definitely recommend giving it a try.
Service here is by far one of the worst places I have encountered in my life.  The snarky and apathetic nature of the blond waitress was one of the most off putting experiences I have had at any restaurant.  The menu is definitely adventurous, but unfortunately the actual food didn't live up to the descriptions.

We had:

The mixed radish salad with a lime cilantro gelee.  The greens itself consisted exclusively of pea shoots and the gelee seemed like an afterthought.  The whole thing seemed to have one note.

The kale empanadas.  Again the description was better than the actual food itself.

The lamb kebab with English peas, barley pilaf, and stout pomegranate BBQ.  This dish was actually the dish that saved an otherwise horrible dining experience.  The flavors were definitely there:  the sweet, the sour, and the salty.  The lamb itself was underwhelming.  It was definitely too tough for my liking.

All in all, a somewhat disappointing meal, but definitely had potential in an area of town that doesn't have many options for dining besides Loco Pez and Pizza Brain.
But the worst part about the night was the short blond hair waitress.  We tried to engage with her about the restaurant, the food, what she preferred, etc.  Every question or comment we made was met with a blank stare and a one or two word response.  Her overall demeanor made us both feel like we were imposing on her.  She lightened up after she heard us discussing her treatment of us earlier, but at that point it is too little too late.  Note to the waitress with the attitude:  you are the face of the chef who has spent countless hours defining and refining a menu that they hope will be enjoyed by the patrons.  You should be happy to talk about the food and explain the menu.  It is in fact your job.  In essence you are the mouth piece of the chef.  People go to restaurants for the food, but also for the overall dining experience.  

I live in the neighborhood and had it not been for the waitress would have most definitely come back again to sample other dishes.  But I don't see that happening anytime soon.
I have a feeling that I will make another update to my rating in the future, but for now, upgrading to three stars is fair. I went back to Memphis Taproom last night after having a conversation with someone intimately tied up in the bar (and also because I wasn't comfortable with writing this place off altogether). While I might not be thrilled by their food, if I just look to the Taproom to satisfy my beer needs then I find it very satisfying. The variety is very good and our bartended last night (Jess I believe) was very attentive and knew enough to satisfy the patrons. I had forgotten one nice touch the Taproom does with the draft beers - they list on the chalkboard of current draft options the next kegs that are to be tapped. It is nice that they let the patrons know this, it is an inclusive gesture, and subtely (and nicely) encourages people to return. 

Now if only they would serve their beers just a little bit warmer......:) But I am a Brit at heart, no ice and no cold beer for me!
DEEP FRIED PICKLES! YES! These things never disappoint. The batter they are fried in is almost cake like. Its very soft with a light crunch and very doughy. They are always always perfection.

I got the Pork Sandwich. The pork was very very tender. Tasted like it was slow cooked for weeks. It just fell apart in your mouth.

The waitresses were attentive and knowledgeable about the beer list. The beer list was awesome too. I always look over Memphis Taproom when I'm in the mood for a beer.....not sure why. They were pouring some beers that no one else in Philly was pouring. 

This place is top notch.
I'm lucky enough to have this place within walking distance of my house.  This is a neighborhood staple and if you like good beer (read: no Coors Light or Miller here!), this is worth travelling for.  

Owned by the fabulous Brendan and Leigh, Memphis' sister bars include Resurrection Taproom in Graduate Hospital and Local 44 in W. Philly.  

The bar has a small bar in front with two high top tables, making it a cozy barroom where you'd bound to get to know the bartender and chat with other patrons.  There is a flatscreen tv above the bar, making it a favorite for sports fans...perhaps a little annoying if a game is on and you're not!  

The back area is eating only--lots of tables, usually quick service although it trends on the very loud side.  The food is always inventive and leans towards the greasy, fried ends of things--however there are always plenty of vegan and vegetarian items where are marked as such on the menu. 

Not a beer fan?  No worries--they have an extensive liquor display as well.
It's been almost a year since I was at this restaurant, but I remember being very excited to try a new place but was sadly disappointed by the menu and left feeling unfulfilled. 

I don't remember what I had... and after having just typed that, I feel as though I should just disregard this review. I wouldn't mind returning to give this place a second chance, but when it comes to brunch I feel as though there are better places to dine, especially if you're willing to travel.
Man... this place is in the G-H-E-T-T-O. I don't necessarily have a problem with that - I'm from New York, and I lived in Los Angeles for years, so lots of my favorite restaurants are in shady areas - but I do think it's worth mentioning. I don't mind walking through bad neighborhoods, but the girls I brought there were less than thrilled about the location and it took some convincing (I had to drive around the block twice) to get them to agree to go inside. If you're visiting from out of town and you're not used to sketchy places, you may not be happy about this.

Once we got inside, though, we all started to feel better about things. A younger, hipper crowd that was pretty surprising compared to the view from the street. Nice decor. Quick, friendly service. We were seated immediately and got our drinks fast. By the way, the beer list is HUGE. If you can't find something you like, you don't like beer.

The "sweet suicide" onion rings were absolutely amazing. Salty and spicy as hell. Best thing I ate in Philly. The cold corn soup was also very good. 

Other than that, though, I'd say the food was just okay. Everyone on Yelp raves about the smoked coconut sandwich, but I thought it was dry and weird. Yeah, the coconut tastes like bacon, but if you're a carnivore (like me) then you just wish you were eating bacon, and if you're vegan (like my girlfriend) then you don't want to eat something that tastes like meat. It wasn't bad - I ate most of it - but it wasn't rave-worthy. Needs work. Something like the coconut jam in Susan Feniger's "kaya toast", maybe. The fries that came with it were just okay; I stuck to the onion rings instead.

The "beer garden" pretty much just looked like an alley with a bunch of picnic tables where you can smoke. No ornamentation or atmosphere of any kind. Maybe it's nicer at night, but it wasn't very inviting in the daytime and we weren't waiting around for it to get dark. 

Pretty pricey, considering the location. About $100 for lunch and drinks for three. But my car was still where I parked it, so that was a nice surprise.
