Mercato used to be one of my favorite restaurants in Philly, and I was pretty excited to return to celebrate seven years with my love on Saturday night. It had been a while since my last visit, and I remember the space being rather cozy, but I have to admit I was shocked to see that there is now only about two inches of space between tables - no exaggeration. I was (accidentally) elbowed by the person sitting next to me while he was eating. Tables are also small, and when the table next to us ordered the grilled artichoke, their rinds were placed into a bowl which practically rested on our table (and, in fairness, ours to them when we ordered the same thing moments later). Too close for comfort! Even our server remarked that he couldn't gain an ounce working there. 

The food was still solid though not as great as previous visits. The artichoke is always a tasty start, and we loved a shared course of squid ink bucatini with spicy lump crab sauce. I wish this had been served on two plates instead of one, plus two side plates - it had the potential to be pretty messy and we missed out on some of the sauce while transferring to the smaller plates. Plus there was that pesky table space problem. 

I ordered the strip steak for my main, which I hoped and prayed would be as awesome as the filet with potatoes and roasted brussel sprouts that used to be on the menu. Sadly, it was not. The portion size was huge but I had a hard time finding sections that weren't completely overrun by fat. The grilled broccollini was grilled to the point of charred and the potatoes were kind of boring. 

We did end things on a sweet note with a shared affogato which was perfection. Our server was very sweet throughout and helped elevate the experience. I don't want to write off Mercato completely but I definitely will not return on a busy weekend.
during my one week visit to PA, I ate at Mercato TWICE.
consider that YUM STATUS (also David C.'s apt was just around the corner)


THE cioppino.... oh how could I ever forget you.
my gosh thats some YUM status.


i mean the Pan Seared Diver Scallop, uhm, its just the typical scallop dish, so I guess you can skip that. Dont get me wrong, STILL tasty though! 

Antipasti was good also, but..

the best part of my dinner at Mercato was 

THE BITTERSWEET MOLTEN CHOCOLATE CAKE.

FOODGASM (attaching picture!)

-price came out to maybe +/-$100 for the two of us.
-place was SMALL and ALWAYS CROWDED (I guess thats a good thing?)
-BYOB

ok Mercato, do you deliver to California? 
please say yes.
I had always heard great things about this place but I was wildly disappointed. I think part of it for me is that I am 100% over the tiny BYOB where everyone inside is wasted and screaming at each other. This restaurant is TINY- about 30 seats? There had been a big party dragging their feet so a bunch of folks were outside waiting in the cold last no after their reservation times (including us). Once seated, my claustrophobia kicked into overdrive but I am willing to deal with a lot for great food. One of the most enjoyable dining experiences of my life was a restaurant the size of a large elevator in Portugal containing roughly 50 people. 

Unfortunately, the food was not great. In fact, mine was downright bland, boring, and poorly executed. I had the braised short rib ragu over polenta. Allegedly there was truffle and ricotta in there somewhere but I caught not even the tiniest whiff of either. The polenta was chunky and lukewarm, not creamy. The sauce was so bland I had to ask for a salt shaker. The meat was well-braised, but overall the dish just fell so flat. Husband got the famous lobster pyramid pasta and it was excellent- I was very jealous. He very kindly offered to switch but it felt unfair so I declined. I had previously had my eye of the 'nduja bolognese but saw it come out to the table next to ours looking more like a bowl of soup than a pasta dish. You could've gone for a swim in there. 

Maybe it was an off night. Maybe they're resting on their laurels. Maybe people drink enough here to not taste the food much (it certainly sounded that way). Who knows? I won't be returning to find out. The prices were also kinda steep for unimaginative and pedestrian food. $18 for a grilled octopus app? GTFO wit dat.
Once again, my BYO girls and I were out to dinner. This time, we chose Mercato at the recommendation of a friend who had been there twice in one month and loved it. Based on her raves, plus all the positive reviews on yelp, I knew we were destined for a solid dining experience. 

First, we were presented with some really dense bread and a garlicky spread. Yummm. I've probably made it pretty clear by now that I am bread's number one fan, and this little plate-o-carbs did not disappoint! 

We shared the roasted portabella and arugula puff pastry, the market salad and the roasted artichoke. I wasn't particularly excited about either of the first two selections, but I was blown away by both of them. The flavors were incredible. The market salad had a fantastic dressing and candied pecans, plus slivers of pear and a parmesan-type cheese that gave it a sweet-but-bitey contrast. Hands down, this is absolutely what I would recommend if I could only pick one starter from the three we tried. The puff pastry came with a little salad that had a slightly salty vibe, which went really well with everything in the pastry. 

Now, we ordered the grilled artichoke based on the things I had read on yelp. It became clear when it was dropped at our table, that no one had the slightest idea what to do with the thing. I grabbed a leaf, dipped it in the creamy aioli (which was amazing, by the way), and popped it in my mouth. It was really tasty... until I realized something wasn't breaking down and had taken on the texture of tree bark. So, for any artichoke novices out there reading this, let me save you from looking like a cave person and fill you in on a little secret: you don't eat the whole leaf! Simply dip, and then use your teeth to tear the small amount of flesh from the piece. You're welcome. 

For dinner, one friend had the roasted chicken, another had the short rib ragu over gnocchi and I had the fish special which was tilapia in a basil lemon butter sauce with spinach and a pan seared polenta cake. Wow. Each dish was phenomenal. Portions were on the large side, but we put a hurtin' on every one of them. I'm not sure I can pick one that I liked most, because they were all equally delicious in their own way. 

Always saving a corner in our stomachs for dessert, we had the tiramisu and the warm pecan caramel tart. Now, the tiramisu was good, but it didn't stand a chance next to the tart. Let me put it like this: that thing gave great sex a run for its money. 

Mercato exceeded our expectations and we were all in agreement that it has become our favorite BYO to-date. My girlfriends downright demanded that I give 5 stars in my review (one also wanted me to give a special shout out to the cute bathroom), and I'm happy to oblige.  From what I hear, the weekends get a little crazy and the tables are very close together.  Check it out during the week to avoid the madness and enjoy your experience to the fullest.
My lady friend loves me.  How do I know?  She treated me to Mercato for my birthday last month. 

Mercato is the best overall BYO in Philadelphia.  Now that I've written it, feel free to state it as fact.  I will accept no arguments to the contrary because they are inherently flawed.  It's literally impossible to disagree with my assessment.

I ordered the Grilled Petit Tender Filet.  $25.  Beef Consommé, red bliss potatoes, brussel sprouts, smoked bacon.  Cooked to perfection.  Incredible price point.  Large portions.  Comfort food doesn't get any better than this. 

A debate between archaeologists, historians, and anthropologists has raged for years regarding the catalyst behind the shockingly accurate premonitions of the Pythia at the Oracle of Delphi.  How could they know the future?  What could possibly trigger their vivid hallucinations?  Nerds say it's ethylene gas emanating from the earth beneath the Oracle.  Dreamers claim that it's pure, unadulterated divine inspiration.  I think they're both wrong and my hypothesis has the potential to shake the conventional wisdom to its core.  

The Oracular Statements of Delphi are clearly the result of the mind-altering aromas that wafted up from my Filet masterpiece.  I didn't see Mackenzie Hilton, but I'm almost certain that she is the reincarnation of Aeschylus, brought back to spread the ancient joys of Gaia throughout the modern world.  Upon reaching my olfactory receptors, the vapors drove me into a trance-like state, not unlike a coma.  My girlfriend said I looked like a junkie on Intervention after a nice, fat shot of heroin.  I slumped over in my chair...inert...dead to the world.

However, while my body languished, my mind exploded with glorious visions of the divine and the improbable.  There I sat for a thousand years, a bucket of water resting precariously atop the Great Wall of China until a nomadic Giant came along and poured me out.  As I splashed across the stone and mortar, the droplets of water constituting my essence shattered into an infinite number of stars that laughed and sang their way into the nether regions of the universe...It was a spirit quest of the highest order.  If only I could find Don Juan, I could piece together the puzzle that is my being.  Alas, he is dead.  Oh well.

When I came to there was a pool of drool collecting on my sweater and my lady friend was frantically digging through her purse in pursuit of a cell phone with which to call 9-1-1.

Thank God she didn't or I wouldn't have had a chance to eat.  And oh boy did I eat...voraciously!  Like my yokel South Carolina cousins after a long day on the farm, I tore into my dish is if it were my last meal on earth.  Every successive bite was better than the last.  

By the time I finished I was fully satiated and depressed.  Like the end of a great book or an engrossing movie, I couldn't believe it was over already.  I will be back...if I can ever get a seat again!
This was definitely one of the best meals I've had in a while. I went with my friend for his birthday and we had great service, great food, and a food coma to prove it later. Just wow. And to realize that Mercato is so close to where I live. Awesome. It's also a pretty casual atmosphere in Mercato. And it's BYOB. Very nice.

We started with the roasted portabella and arugula puff pastry appetizer. Great to share (figure out how to cut it appropriately though) because it in itself can be close to a meal. I had the lobster and shrimp pasta as my main dish. So filling and tasty. I really liked the whole pyramid pasta idea; it made for a unique presentation. Mercato definitely puts in effort for presentation and style of its cuisine. Maybe go a little more easy on the salt, but overall a great culinary experience. Already on my list to frequent again.

My one and only gripe...
So cramped. There, I said it. Minus one star for you, Mercato. I thought Beau Monde was bad, but this takes it to a whole 'nother level. I mean, yea the food made up for it, but I'm not really comfortable sitting two feet from another customer (ok, exaggeration). I like intimate, but not THAT intimate, ya know? Thankfully we went right when it opened during the week, so we weren't too cramped. I can only imagine full capacity.
Mercato used to my solid mainstay, my crowd pleaser, my reliable BYO pick - and boy has it fallen down in the ranks. After a couple recent visits, I was completely disappointed on how much it's changed. And not for the better.

It's a combination of the kitchen serving dishes that are not up to the Mercato standard that I've been used for ten years plus and service that has become unfriendly, impatient and sometimes even downright rude.

Service suffers here.  Perhaps some of the long time servers have been going at it so long that they've lost their touch, but, boy, their attitude needs work. For example, as long as it's been open, one has been able to order half an order of pasta as a starter, last few times, the server(s) have said that they'd make an exception "Just this once" and allow it, acting annoyed that I had made such a request.  

Questions are asked of the table but without interest and looking more bothered than invested by our responses or other requests. Courses are parsed out haphazardly and kitchen delays are neither acknowledged or apologized for, when starters and mains don't arrive all at once for the table. 

The true nail in the coffin for me, was during the most recent visit on a Saturday night, after being seated forty five minutes after our 9 o'clock reservation, at around 11:30, the previously dimmed lights are then turned up way high, to signal to the four tables remaining that 'it was clearly time to go", as though we had worn out or welcome. I've been in the service industry, I can understand the annoyance of tables lingering long after their dinners are finished and nursing their bottles of wine, but to hustle a table out ten minutes after a check was deposited by turning the lights way up on a Saturday night for your last seating of the night? Seeing your server have a late night ciggie tapping their feet outside the restaurant waiting for you to exit? Unacceptable, uncouth, entirely impolite.

Whoever is in charge of the kitchen at this point is not making it happen for me. The dishes all seem to fall very flat now.  The plating is off too. It's assembly line cookery and it's made without soul. A  spicy crab quid ink bucatini has no finesse and is served with raw chopped green onions. Huge pieces of green raw chopped onion on pasta! Ick. A bavette steak, while cooked to temp, was set on a plate drowning in a tasteless pea soup (supposed to be puree) and served with a smidgen of green asparagus (supposed to be purple) and just tossed together with abandon. The entire place just seems to be over itself, and tired of everything. The menu and the clientele.

For these prices, I can go to many other places and get better everything. Time to take Mercato off my go-to-list after a decade plus.  Sad.
Whenever people ask about my favorite BYO in the city, Mercato jumps immediately to mind. But when I recently realized that my first and only experience was a full two years ago, I started to reconsider. Could I really justify my response based on one meal in the fall of 2008?

Last night, my BYO girls and I descended upon the corner of Spruce and Camac once again. My first thought when I woke up this morning was my incredible meal last night. My next thought? "I have leftovers!!!"

Our evening kicked off with some soft bread with kalamata olive and cracked black pepper butter. Next up were our shared apps of grilled artichoke, roasted portabella puff pastry with arugula and the market salad. This was the exact lineup of starters from our first visit, and everything was just as great as the first time.

For the main course, all three of my companions ordered the short rib ragu over gnocchi. Their plates arrived first and I was filled with food envy. Alas, the moment was fleeting as my own meal captured my full attention. Tender slices of filet rested in a cipollini onion demi-glaze alongside garlic and chive skin-on mashed potatoes and a hill of smoky bacon and balsamic brussels sprouts. Each individual component was wonderful as-is, but eaten together, the ingredients worked in harmony.

There was simply no room for dessert this time, but a cup of La Colombe coffee was a welcome end to the meal. The next time someone asks about the best BYO in the city, I will say without hesitation, "Mercato."
Now this is how restaurant week should be! None of this mini menu of things that they don't usually serve. I'm talking full menu, plus a special, included in the $35 price; I mean, I could actually get an idea of what it's like to eat at this restaurant and maybe be tempted to come back again. What a concept! 

It was incredibly crowded and noisy, but I overheard someone say it's not usually like this on a Thursday night; the price for a restaurant week night. Our waitress was very nice and didn't seem at all frazzled by the huge crowd. It's a minor thing, but I kinda liked that the waitstaff were in red, rather than the typical black; made them much easier to spot. Only one bathroom, but you get a good view of the prep in the kitchen while you're waiting =P

Oh yeah, and the food was delicious! Delicious, and fresh, and well made, and there was a lot of it. We started with the market salad, (amazing dressing), and the trio of bruschetta, which were practically a meal in themselves. Huge, deceptively simple, a great example of how good simple ingredients when done well can be amazing.

Then onto the veal, which I didn't try but hubby really liked. I got the butternut squash fettucine (sans pancetta). So flavorful and yummy, but I could only get thru half of it before I feared not having room for dessert, and they happily wrapped my leftovers for me. Dessert was the pumpkin tart and chocolate molten cake. Both excellent. If you're too full to finish the whole thing, which I'm sad to say I was, make sure you eat the very bottom crunchy chocolately crustish part.
Went here for Restaurant Week (something I loathe).  I was incredibly impressed!

First, let me address the notion put forward by a few other reviewers that the portions are small.  That is insane.  The "petite" filet was at least an 8 ouncer and it came with probably a half pound of potatoes and a half pound of Brussels sprouts/bacon concoction.  The pumpkin fettuccine was a huge bowl full.  The only portion that could be considered small were the scallops on the scallop dish.  They were tiny!  

The salads are excellent.  Fresh and vibrant.  The grilled artichoke was very good...it was like a healthier version of a Bloomin' Onion right down to the citrus cream sauce!

The pumpkin fettuccine was voted the best dish of the table.  It was full of delicious fall flavor, accented with salty pancetta and crispy parsnip.  Apparently they don't always have this, even in the fall/winter.  Go get it while you can! 

The filet was nice, but they overcooked it.  Medium came out well done.  It still had a good flavor and the sides (potatoes and sprouts) were excellent.  

The pyramid pasta, their "famous" dish, was actually fairly underwhelming.  The delicate lobster/shrimp flavors didn't shine against the cream sauce.  In fact, not much in the way of flavor came through.  Voted worst dish of the night. 

The scallops were well done and the risotto was passable by my standards (others in my group raved).  However, 4 scallops the diameter of a quarter don't really cut it for me.  Having just had nearly the same dish at Bibou (right down to the pea and parmesan risotto) less than a month ago, this one just wasn't in the same league.  Still, the flavors were nice and the scallops were cooked correctly.

The best part?  They didn't treat us as outcasts for RW.  In fact, I think everyone in the restaurant was there for RW and the entire menu is up for grabs (outside of the cioppino which had a $6 upcharge).  

The seating is cramped but no worse than other BYO standout Modo Mio.  Seating was immediate with our reservation.

I'd go back, armed with a bottle of Brunello.
Yesterday, today and tomorrow.  

I love it here. I love the location, the bustling energy, the noise, the menu, the tables crammed in the small space, I love it all - especially when the large windows are open and the restaurant opens up to the corner of Camac and Spruce on an Indian summer evening. Mercato is a Philadelphia BYOB personified.

Service can be a bit hurried (they tend to rotate through servers, don't be alarmed), considering the size and the turnovers, but they are polite and thorough. 

 Menu is always executed consistently and is excellent; in all the years I've come here (three or four times a year) the food has been top-notch and delicious.  If in a group, try their antipasti, enough to feed four.  Pasta faves include the Short rib ragu, Lobster and shrimp pyramid pasta, and the delicious, seasonally-appropriate Pumpkin fettuccine.  For their culminare, their diver scallops and cioppino is always succulent.  Never hesitate to try their daily special.  Lastly, leave room for their mascarpone cheesecake... deadly.

Mercato is best experienced in a group no bigger than four (six at the most, but conversation will be difficult and seating will be tight) - it is no place for a first date (as you know, first come- first served reservations, they only take them for pre-theater seatings)  If you come on a weekend, arrive by 7:30 pm at the latest to put your name in - they'll most likely send you to their sister restaurant down the street, Valanni for a cocktail and then call you when your table is ready.

As always, and unfortunately still, cash only.
When I first entered Mercato, I thought I had walked into a high school cafeteria full of cackling hens.  The volume was deafening and the open kitchen, which is a concept I love, didn't help.  But that's where my complaints end.  Both the food and service were excellent at this tiny BYOB, and this was during Restaurant Week.  

I started with the portabello and spinach puff pastry which came with a side salad of arugula, pine nuts and shaved romano.  Excellent.  For the entrée I had the short rib ragu over homemade gnocchi and broccoli rabe.  The meat was so tender, no chewing was required.  The gnocchis were light and delicious and had a touch of nutmeg, which added another layer of flavor to an already amazing dish.  For dessert, the chocolate molten cake.  I don't think I need to say whether or not this was good!  Can chocolate be bad?

Others at my table had the brushetta, antipasti and market salad for appetizers, and tilapia, scallops, and filet for dinner.  The only complaint was the portion was small for the scallop dish.  Otherwise, everyone raved.  

Overall, the portions were generous and the service was very attentive, even though the room was packed.  Food and service are 5 star, but I need to dock them one for the noise volume.  They need to do something about that.  Regardless, I will be back.
I was lucky enough to be invited to Mercato for lunch by their lovely PR lady, Kate. As you can see from my previous reviews, Mercato has long been a favorite of mine and I'm happy to report that my feelings remain the same after my lunch visit. The boyfriend and I enjoyed a leisurely pre-Memorial Day weekend meal with a bottle of white and our experience could not have been better. 

We started with a lentil salad, which was perfect for the season. Next up was the grilled artichoke, a personal favorite, with sea salt and the most delicious aioli for dipping. A salmon tartare was delicious, and though I usually prefer tuna to salmon, this version was a nice change. 

By the time our main course arrived (orecchiette with sausage and plum tomato sauce), I was pretty stuffed. I thought I'd only take a few bites but it was so delicious that I ate the entire thing. Fortunately, I would not be spending time on the beach that weekend. 

It had been too long since my last visit to this restaurant but I'm so pleased that the food is just as good as ever. Mercato is consistently awesome.
We originally planned on going to Kanella Grill and walked by Mercato on a beautiful October Sunday night. It was surprising to see some open tables at this usually packed BYOB.  We continued on to Kanella only to realize they close at 4:00 PM on Sundays so we made an 180º turn and walked back to Mercato.

I had wanted to try Mercato for a while now but I was a little hesitant because of some of the Yelp reviews and how small the place is. We did not have the noise or the close quarters as Mercato was fairly slow on this Sunday evening. The Eagles humbling loss to the Redskins may have been a factor to why Mercato was slow, anyway it was good for us. We chose to eat inside but most of the outside tables were taken so it was busier then it appeared.

We ordered the Minestrone soup, and this was large enough to be shared by the three of us, my wife, my daughter and myself. This Minestrone soup had lentils and kale a little meat and a bit of heat. It was hearty and delicious. We ordered 3 main courses also;'NDUJA & BEEF BOLOGNESE - tagliatelle, calabrese sausage, dry aged beef, tomato, basil, oregano, and whipped ricotta . SPICY CRAB BUCATINI - squid ink pasta, crab, tomato broth, cream, calabrian chilies, and basil. We also ordered the daily fish special. We were very impressed with the presentation, flavors and taste of all three dishes. The Bolognese sauce was outstanding and the dry aged beef was moist and cooked perfectly. The fish dish was also really great with a subtle flavors and a terrific sauce. For me the star of the night was Spicy Crab Bucanti.  This was great and I would order this again in a heart beat. This dish had just the right amount of spiciness without being over powering. For dessert we ordered the chocolate molten cake with homemade gelato. This was more like a soufflé but very, very good nonetheless.

Service was very good all night and our waiter explained everything quite well and was helpful in guiding us with our decisions. Mercato is cash only and they let us know that upon being seated to avoid any surprises. All of the above and one coffee totaled $100.00 or about $35.00 per person. This was with sharing the soup and the dessert. Mercato is slightly on the pricey side, but the food taste and quality was worth it.

4.5 stars, almost 5 except being cash only. I am glad we finally got to Mercato.
We've been waiting for months to give Mercato a try, and we'd heard so many great things, so giving out a two-star review was a painful decision.  Unfortunately, it's warranted.

Things started great with a corner two-top in front of the beautiful front window.  It's a fantastic people watching spot, and I really liked the light fall breeze throughout dinner.  Some might be thrown off by the noise level and crowded space, but I like a lively restaurant.  

I love a good BYO, so we brought a really good Cab Franc that pairs well with just about anything.  Our server was pleasant and attentive to start, and the bread with chive butter he brought to the table was phenomenal.  At this point, I was getting the feeling that this was headed to five-star territory.  

We decided on the tasting menu, which wasn't cheap, but we thought it was a better deal than ordering a bunch of plates a la carte (especially with the $5 sharing charge).  We ordered the artichoke and antipasti for apps, and both were good.  The artichoke was a little tough to eat, but the salty grilled flavor was interesting.  The antipasti was very good, but the cauliflower should have been marinated or cooked instead of raw.

The pasta course was a little underwhelming.  The squid ink rigatoni with crabmeat and peppers special was lacking flavor and had nearly no sauce to it.  The gnocchi was pretty good, but needed salt and the broccoli rabe was extremely undercooked.  It was so firm that it was inedible.  

I was very excited for the fish special, which was shark, one of my favorite fish that is rare to find on menus.  Parts of it were great, like the mushrooms and the perfect cook on the shark, but it was served over halved fingerling potatoes and had a lot of pesto smeared on the top.  The pesto overpowered the unique flavor of the shark, and it would have been much better with the polenta and citrus oil that was served with the excellent (but overcooked) veal that once again had nearly raw broccoli rabe.

We were at 3.5 star level until the desserts arrived.  The salted caramel pana cotta was the worst dessert I've ever had in a fine dining restaurant.  It was rubbery, firm and had nearly no flavor.  The olive oil cake was an excellent concept, but horribly executed.  They were heavy handed with the sugar for the toasted topping, so the cream on top became so granular that it was like eating vanilla flavored sand.  The thing that irked me the most, was our server looking directly at the barely eaten desserts before handing us the check, and he didnt bother to ask what was wrong.  

This was an unfortunate, expensive disappointment.  There are a ton of excellent competitors in this area, and it appears that Mercato may have become a little complacent.
i know i know... Mercato USED to be a good restaurant but quality is for sure going down.

i came on a sunday night, not busy at all i think maybe there were 8 people dining in. i ordered the fontina stuffed meatballs, not impressed. super dry, i can clearly see 1/3 meatballs was severely burned and the meatball to cheese ratio to me wasn't enough.

the spicy crab squid ink pasta was spicy that's for sure. i enjoyed the flavor but alot of crab shells were in my pasta, i kept spitting shrapnel of shell out of my mouth but of course the waiter took away my side plate so i had nowhere to put my shell so i grabbed a tissue out of my own purse for that. the pasta was also super overcooked; i love my pasta perfectly al dente! i communicated this to the server who was very kind about the situation and eventually comped my entree which i much appreciated.

the nutella cannoli was pretty good. i enjoyed the filling, not too heavy but the cannoli shell was super hard and i kind of gave up on it and only ate the filling.

i feel as though when a restaurant isn't super busy at 7pm on a sunday the dishes should be exquisite especially somewhere like mercato where it's supposed to be 5 star dining but something must have been going on back there... get it together guys!
First, I would like to say that the food is good. I would return for the food. BUT, I had this placed booked for my rehearsal dinner until I found out my FMIL was going to pay over $7000 for 50 people. That is INSANE for a BYOB. We ended up canceling and that was the end of it.... I wrote them a review on weddingwire so that other Brides could see their prices and Mercato disputed my review so I'm putting it on here for everyone else to see.

Don't have a bad thing to say about the restaurant or the food but if you are considering this place for a private party, look elsewhere.

*UPDATE: Weddingwire.com agreed with me and my review got posted.....
OH mercato !!!! my honey and I had been dying to eat here so I made him make reservations for  the last Friday in restaurant week MISTAKE # 1. we just started yelping so I went on and checked out what everyone was saying about the place. Common theme was that the hostess was not nice and the food was amazing .. some commented on the loudness the place but I like the hustle and bustle of a busy place so the noise level wouldn't bother me.

Our reservation was for 8pm .... We arrived a lil after ( I was wearing heels and there was A LOT of ice) only to be told that all the tables were running late so it would be a little bit of a wait. My honey is super nice and just requested we be called when our table was ready. They tried to point us in the way of Valanni the bar they own but we opted for TRIA since we were right down the st and always enjoy the wine and snacks there. 

3 beers for him and 2 glasses of wine for me later ( almost 9:15) still no phone call from mercato. On an empty stomach im slightly buzzed and make a beeline for the exit door to call and find out what the hell is going on down there! The boy calls instead only to be told we should be good to come down in about 10 min. we finish our beverages and wander back down the road and wait at the door its still super crowded and im extremely annoyed luckily the hostess (maybe a different girl) was super nice and understanding she sent over a complimentary start meat and cheese board for us to share after we were seated. 

First course amazing, trio of brucshetta for him -white bean the favorite of the table some flavorful and fresh. Salad for me with sweet pecans and tart vinaigrette. 

Second-gnocchi's for him so good, I mean melt in you moth good cooked perfectly and for me the crispy skinned sea bass, prepared very well slight crispy skin and a red wine reduction. The artichokes that came with it balanced out the sweetness of the dish.

I had no room for desert but I managed to stuff a few bits of panna cota down and his affogota reminded me of a dessert I had in Italy .

I'm giving mercato 3 stars because the start to our evening was not the highlight of my day but the apologetic hostess, those 2 glasses of wine at tria and the amazing meal I had saved them. 

We will probably never venture there for restaurant week again but im glad we made the pilgrimage.
I had a great time here with girlfriends for a late Friday dinner. It was just a real good atmosphere with better food. The staff was fast, friendly, and generous. Amazing restaurant week deal and I'm glad I described this spot through it.
After the first time I dined here I was telling everyone they must go. However after my last two experiences, I'm singing a different song.

First and foremost, I really don't appreciate restaurants that will not seat you until the entire party arrives. 1) you are punishing guests who did in fact arrive on time and are ready to order, and 2) if you don't have a bar or a waiting space, then you are simply creating a hazard. 

We were waiting for third person in our party to find a parking spot and the host had us leaning against the wall by the door for 20 minutes. Every time the door opened, we were hit with cold air. Every time a new group walked in, we had no where to move to but into other tables. All the while, our table was in plain view and available.

Finally, my cousin who works in hospitality in NY and has knowledge re: the extent restaurants will go to enhance their customers experience, gave the host a polite lecture and vowed to begin ordering for everyone to keep things moving.

The market salad, octopus and meatballs were all decent. Unfortunately two of us ordered bolognese pasta which tasted like ground beef tossed with boiled pasta water. We had to request salt and pepper to season our dishes. I much prefer the bolognese at Parc Brassiere - I literally want to lick the bowl when I'm done.

Ambiance was also very loud- could barely hear each other. Unrelated, the tiramisu was nice and I enjoy intimate restaurants where you can open a bottle of wine and build off the crowds energy.
Mercato's food was yummy, especially the meatballs, pyramid pasta, and chocolate mousse. 

Their service was horrible. It was clear they had overbooked the place for the night so they kept trying to take our food when we weren't finished to get us to leave in time for the next reservation. Our check was handed to us with the dessert. We wanted to take our time and enjoy our mousse but the waitress and hostess kept coming to our table to see if we were finished yet. It kind of ruined the dining experience.

This was happening to everybody. The girls at the table next to us said that they hadn't finished their appetizers before the waitress swept them away. Then, the most absurd thing happened. The hostess seated six people in a group of eight AROUND a couple that clearly wasn't finished eating and handed them the check to hurry them along so the other two in the party of eight could take those seats. Who does this? 

Anyway, this behavior from the staff was very shocking and straight up rude. Would not come back.
Why don't BYOs like this exist in SF? If they do, someone please point the way. This was one of my favorite BYOs I have ever been to. Is it possible to have a BYO dining experience that is actually classy and not trashy, delicious, AND has vinegar/olive oil tasting type appetizers? Apparently so. 

I can't remember exactly the food I ate (BYOs do that to you...jk it was 6+ months ago) but I do remember a few very special qualities: 
+Olive oil/vinegar appetizers. We chose a sampler of various vinegars and oil and it came with bread/crackers. Delishhh esp if you like vinegar tasting as much as the boyfriend and I do.
+Lots of space, so getting a little tipsy and funny wasn't the least bit embarrassing (different story if I was inches away from the next table)
+Adorable outdoor seating for a night when it's not too cold
+Very, very reasonable prices
+Fantastic, quick service even on a busy night
+Did I mention BYO? 

I will definitely be back!
To call the $54 prix fixe a "tasters' menu" is a misnomer.  Portions were full sized and generous.  First bit of advice:  arrive hungry!  We were, and still had plenty to take home.

Course one:  the table shared an antipasto of olives, artichoke hearts, peppers, squash and burrata with crusty Italian bread and an olive oil dipping sauce.  I would  have liked a little soprosata, but this wasn't presented as charcuterie and it was chef's choice.

Course two:  Choose any appetizer from the menu.  My daughter and I each had salads, but the winner was my husband's mussels.  Served in a rich and flavorful tomato sauce, the mussels were plump and delicious.  Accompanying sourdough was perfect for sopping up the sauce.

Course three: Choose any entrée!  Each dish hit the spot: lamb shank (the night's special), pork chop parmesan with fresh buffalo mozzarella and chicken saltimbocca with a marsala mushroom demi glaze and polenta.  (My daughter's saltimbocca may have been the least favorite -- though I thought it good!  A bit too much gravy, and the polenta needed jazzing up.)

Course four: A trio of desserts, again restaurant's choice.  Cheesecake was the bomb, tiramisu second best and cannoli -- usually my favorite -- brought up the rear.  There was too much of an anise flavor.

I really enjoyed our dining experience. Contrary to some reviews, our service was great and the staff was really nice.  As we're finding with a number of byob's in Philly, the restaurant is small and tables are pretty close to one another.  If that's how proprietors can maintain quality and cost control, who cares?! (Couldn't help but overhear the neighboring table's discussion about politics, so without hesitating I jumped in... and they welcomed me!)

As you probably already know, cash only, reservations encouraged and parking somewhat difficult.  Expect to splurge for a garage.
I was super jazzed to head to Mercato for Restauant Week.  The food looked great and to eat where the Chef won an episode of Chopped on the Food Network is also a good plus.

I would love to comment on the food and tell you that it was lovely, but I am still fuming after waiting over an hour to be seated even though our table of 10 had a reservation!  Also, it's not like we had reservations for 6 or 7PM, it was 8:30, which means we weren't seated till 9:30PM and didn't get food until 10PM... this was a Wednesday night!

While the hostess was apologetic over the fact that we weren't seated in a timely manner, all of the remaining staff didn't seem to notice nor care that we were standing on their sidewalk waiting and waiting and waiting.  Service is just as important as food in my book, and Mercato FAILED.  I know it's Restaurant Week, but that does not give you the right to treat customers like crap, because guess what?  

I then come on Yelp and tell yelpers all how I will NEVER return to Mercato... NEVER.
Came here for a fancier night out than usual and was pleasantly surprised.

Loved the atmosphere inside the place, bustling but not so much that you can't have a conversation at your own table.  You can see the stainless steel adorned kitchen from any seat inside, which is even nicer. 

BYOB which is always a + in my book.

We got a antipasta app to share with some really delicious meats, cheeses, and artichoke on it along with the calamari app(not fried). It was probably the best part of the meal for me. so many amazing flavors!

I got the scallops and risotto dish for my dinner, very good but definitely super rich.  liked the crunchy parmesean crostini thing that comes with it for a texture balance.

All in all we had a great time, some table even bought us dessert cause we had to do a slight rearrangement for their large party.  I would highly recommend the cheesecake, but the tiramisu not so much (very underwhelming) 

I would come back to get the antipasta again and a pasta dish next time!
I strolled into Mercato with a few friends on a cool Tuesday spring evening.  The set up is simple - plain wooden chairs with a hardwood floor.  Muted colors.  What set the place apart was the food - simply the best Italian meal I've had in Philly (I have not been to Vetri yet).  For a starter, I had the antipasti - which was a pretty good blend of hams, cheeses and grilled vegetables - solid but not anything out of the ordinary.  The mains were extraordinary - I ordered the orecchiette with rapini and sausage.  The pasta was perfect - firm but not undercooked, the sausage flavorful and the rapini the perfect complement.  I also ordered brussel sprouts with bacon bit -- perfectly done.  Can't say enough about the food here.
Was it good?  Yes.  Was it great?  No.  Would I return?  Probably not.  A good one and done experience in a charming little building on Spruce.

Disclaimer: we came here for restaurant week so, as you probably know, the expectation of service and food quality is lowered.  Luckily, the service was fantastic.  Our waitress was funny and congenial and was honest with her opinions about certain dishes.  Everyone was very friendly.

BYOB is good for cost saving and the adorable ambience of the place made it feel like a nice cozy and warm place to crack open a bottle.  The place is BEYOND TINY, so I had to knock off a star for the sheer amount of elbowing and squeezing that took place when we first arrived.  Trying to get all my wine bottles out of my bag, take off my coat and sit without bumping into another patron or a staff member was quite the task.  And during the meal, I felt myself having to lean all the way to the table next to me anytime someone refilled my water or reached to put a dish down.  Maybe because it was restaurant week they added more seating, but I think trying to cram in the amount of seats here just wasn't a wise decision.

As for the food itself, nothing was bad at all, but nothing knocked me out of the park either.  At restaurant week prices, that's fine, but I couldn't imagine splurging here on a regular day for a just okay meal. 

Bread with flavorful oil for dipping at the start of the meal was a nice touch.  For the appetizer I got the whole grilled artichoke.  Unfortunately, it was mostly inedible.  You can blame that on my lack of knowledge on how to actually tackle the beast of the tough outer leaves.  I was unaware you were supposed to suck the meat out of the outside part until the day after when I was told that's the proper way to eat it.  They more or less plop it down on a plate with a fork and knife as if to say "have at it."  Maybe I expected the menu or the waitress to be like, "hey, by the way, the best way to eat that is to suck the innards out," but then again I don't see the point in serving something that requires instruction and has very little meat after all is said and done and only after you're willing to go at it front teeth first like a beaver.  Plus, it didn't have a whole lot of flavor or substance anyway.  The citrusy salt and aioli was good, though, so I just ended up dipping bread in that to fill up. 

Other guests got the meatballs and mussels to start and were pleased with their choices.

For my entrée, I got the 'nduja bolognese which was served in a comically whimsical tilted bowl which is cute and all, but not practical, especially when the whipped ricotta topping is smeared on the low side that faced me.  The portion was spot on and the whole dish was tasty and stick-to-your-ribs.  The fennel flavor came through nicely and there was a nice heat from the chiles.  I was craving about triple the amount of that whipped ricotta, though - I wish it was on top or folded in instead of a tiny bit smeared on the side.  Additionally, some of the tagliatelle was good but a lot of it got stuck together - hence, it was more than al dente.  Overall, a good dish, however, I've had much better Bolognese with bolder flavor and well cooked pasta from other places (read: McCrossen's, Bridgids, etc.) that has wowed me to the point of wanting to visit back just to eat it.  Not so much here.  Just a good choice for restaurant week.

Other guests got the shortrib ragu, the spicy crab and squid ink pasta, the market fish of the day which was a type of sea bass and the flatiron steak.  I'm kind of kicking myself for not ordering that steak - it was very delicious and flavorful and cooked to a perfect medium rare.  Everyone else was pleased with their other dishes.

For dessert, I wasn't impressed with any of the choices but opted for the banana and nutella cannoli.  I actually hate cannolis, but ate the whole damn thing cause I love banana - FYI: the banana game is STRONG here, so if you're not keen on it, don't order it.  We were told the pannacotta was not good, so I'm glad we didn't order it.  According to the other guests, the tiramisu was light and tasty.

Overall, I had a good time chatting and dining over wine with friends and felt full from the pasta after, but it just didn't have enough spark to light a fire under my ass to come back here.
The only reason this place gets any stars at all is because my meal was very good (short rib ragu with ricotta gnocchi). 

But allow me to explore other reasons for why this restaurant gets a low rating.

The service was piss-poor (waitress was getting automatic 20% gratuity...do you think that had anything to do with it?). 

-She failed to mention the specials of the evening, including dessert. 
-We poured our own wine (which is totally cool, but then don't go to every other table and pour theirs...I demand equality!) 
-One of the water glasses was chipped, and when she brought my friend a new one, she didn't refill his glass. That's just straight-up rude, dude.
-Oh, yes, and how could I forget to mention the most important thing of all?! My waterless friend GOT FOOD POISONING. 

Mercato, I don't know how you keep and store your fish, but my GOD, my poor friend was very ill last night.

We will never, ever go back.
So it's restaurant week here in Philly so I have to partake as I do every year. This is my first stop, this BYOB. First tip U.S. Cash only but they do give you a reminder call when you make a reservation and let you know so that's a plus. 

We made our reservations early and were only the one of two tables in this intimate joint. I like small and intimate places so I don't mind. It got packed to capacity fast and the noise did not get too out of order so that also was a plus.



The herbed butter served with the bread was tasty. Nothing exciting but it was butter...so it was great all the same lol.

We both started off the first course with the Fontina Stuffed Meatballs. Excellent. Seasoned just right. Not overstuffed with cheese. Not too much or too little sauce. Just spot on!

For the second courses I got the Pyramid Pasta. My BF got the Short Rib Ragu. My Pyramid Pasta was ok. I could taste the shrimp and lobster inside but it was overpowered by way too much Ricotta cheese in the stuffing. The brown butter sauce and pine nuts with asparagus helps cut the sharpness of the filling a little but it was still way too much cheese and way too little meat on the inside of the pasta. 

My date was satisfied with the taste of his Short Rib Ragu but thought the amount of short ribs in the entree lacked. Especially compared to the meatballs we just had as an appetizer. 

For Dessert I had the cannoli and he had the chocolate soufflé. Both excellent. 

Another plus for the restaurant week diner they had an additional menu they presented with items they included to go along with the restaurant week menu as well. 

Jury still out if we would or would not go back to try something else. 

Also, I have been going to the sushi spot up the street for YEARS and have walked by this place too many times to count and never noticed it. the sign I just saw is not on 12th...it on the small side street. Weird.
Wow, I was shocked at how bad this place was. After reading great reviews and hearing good things, my girls and I decided to try it out. We had a reservation since we were a large party and it was before 6:30pm. We ordered come cured meats and cheeses for appetizers and I wasn't impressed. I'm a huge fan of cheeses and I usually like most of the ones I try, however none of the 5 we ordered were that wonderful. The goat's milk cheese looked like fungus and tasted like feet (don't order it). The cured meats were pretty good. I ordered the shrimp and lobster pasta, thinking it would be pasta with shrimp and lobster. It wasn't. Bad menu description! It was large ravioli type pasta with pieces of lobster and shrimp inside with some sort of cheese. The buttery sauce was good, but the actually inside tasted sour as if the cheese had gone bad (I don't think it did, but that was the taste). My friend got the same thing and agreed. A fellow diner ordered the gnocci ragu and said it was flavorless and had to add A LOT of salt. I tried the risotto from another friend who ordered the scallops and I wasn't a fan, although she seemed happy. We were there for about 2 hours and the place only had 2 other tables when we left (8:30pm but it was a Wednesday). Overall, I know there are way better italian places in the city and I would not recommend this one, it's not worth the wait, especially since they don't take reservations!
J'adore. still!

One of the few, and one of my favorite BYOBs that serves and executes consistently good food.   This must be attributed to a strong kitchen helmed by executive chef,  Mackenzie Hilton, who just recently won on Food Network's "Chopped".  She is humble, calm, so kind and came to our table twice to check in on us .  She also made my mother's day on Mother's Day by chatting her up and taking pictures with her (she's a fan of the show).

If your eyes are bigger than your stomach, you can do a half-order of the pasta dish as an appetizer and venture out into the main courses for your principal dish! Heaven.
yum yum yum.
so i made my way to mercato on a saturday night--the wait was an hour long, and it's already close to 9.  i am one hungry hungry girl already.
but no matter...we stop across the street at tria for a glass of wine whilst waiting.
finally, we are seated.
and the food is exceedingly tasty.  i had the scallops...and a side of the mozarella polenta.  loved it.  the scallops were perfectly cooked, and the polenta was perfectly creamy.  
minus for the not-so-friendly waitress/hostess, and also for how loud it was in there.  i could barely hear across the table...but i could hear the table next to me.
so yes, i shall be returning...but on a weekday--or whenever the wait isn't quite so long.
My 2 roommates and I went here last weekend and could not have been more pleased!  The ambiance and lights at night were so cute and the food was delicious.  We all enjoyed our meals and will be back.  The meals were reasonably priced for the quality and amount.  The bill was not too expensive as it is BYOB.  All in all, between the food, atmosphere, & service it is one of my favorite restaurants in philly!  We ordered the parm garlic bread to start that was a little more crispy then I like but was very tasty.  For dinner we had the shrimp garganelli, pyramid pasta, orecchiette, and mushroom risotto.  The shrimp dish was light and filling at the same time (would recommend) and the risotto was amazing very creamy and huge portions.  If you are very hungry, the pyramid pasta was not as big as other dishes.  I am making up every excuse to go back!! Perfect spot for date night, celebrations, or girls night out where you can drink as much as you want with a cute atmosphere and great service and food!
This was my third and, most importantly, LAST time coming to Mercato. I brought my parents here for their anniversary dinner because I had raved about the 4 course dinner with large portions (my parents love taking food home) and a reasonable price. 

Turns out the price jumped from $48 to $56 and the first course was changed from choosing your own appetizer to a plate of charcuterie for the table to share. 

The appetizer was my favorite course and it's removal would have already made me think twice about coming again. However, the fact that they raised the price and ALSO removed one of the courses, to be replaced with a $10 spread of charcuterie, was insulting. 

Mercato, while small, is packed every time I have been there so I guess I get it. But they are too greedy for me and I definitely will no longer be dining there.
came here on a Saturday night w/ res for party of 6 @6:30. said they were running late on res so would hafta wait like 20min to be seated inside, but could be seated outside right away (which we opted for). 

we brought a heck of alotta beer to take adv of byob, but didn't really have time to chill it. the staff at mercato were very courteous about promptly bringing out chillers/ice. 

we were first served complimentary bread that came with delicious herby butter. for entrees, I was able to enjoy both the scallops and the skirt steak. the scallop dish came with a green pea risotto that was perfectly buttery and smooth and melty, the way risotto should be. there were 3 large scallops. cooked so that the outside was a bit crispy but the inside was moist and succulent. even though there were only 3 scallops, they were quite large so I def felt full. there was also this green pesto-like sauce drizzled over the scallops.

the skirt steak was done medium. had a delightly slightly charred taste on the outside, but supple and lean and juicy on the inside. done medium the way we asked for. came with a side of roasted garlic potatoes that was a hybrid of mashed potatoes / baked potatoes. 

for dessert, we got the tiramisu, which didn't taste too rum-y. was very light and fluffy. 
service was great and the BYOB is def a perk.
Please read whole review to understand my rating.

My brother and girlfriend were coming to town and since they live in NYC and are Zagat readers I did some research on Google and Yelp.

I picked a few places and one of them was Mercato.  They do not take reservations (or credit cards) so I did not know what to expect, but we finished off the Eastern Penitentiary early and were so hungry we got there around 5PM.  We were almost alone in the restaurant at that time. (Saturday)

We were seated, our coats taken, bread and herbed butter placed on the table and we poured our own wine. (BYOB)

The specials were rattled off by our waitress as the clanging could be heard of the pots and pans in the background. (OPEN Kitchen )   The waitress could not care less if we heard her on not was my impression.

We were sitting one row in from the street window and the night was warm enough to have the door open.  This is a simple design place.  Whoever says they have a nice ambiance does not do much decorating in my view.  There are 4 walls and rows of tables.  As many as can be fit in to the room to get as many diners in as they can.  You ARE sitting on the next table.  

As the evening progressed by half an hour the restaurant had nearly filled up with people and the clanging of pots was no longer heard because the decibel level of noise was enough to make your eardrums ring.    The 4 of us proceeded to bend over so we could hear each other and resorted to reading lips and yelling into each others' ears.

As for the food-----------------------it was delicious.  We had two different anti-pasta dishes and everything was fresh, beautifully displayed, topped off with shaved cheese.  We dug in and were not shy about eating directly from the main plate.  We finished everything off and were off to a good start.

I had the striped Bass, another Scallops w/Pea Risotto, another Gnocchi.
My fish came with a fruity sauce, a grilled artichoke hiding underneath and baby onions.  I was very jealous I did not order the Scallops as they looked absolutely wonderful and delicious.  I thought the Gnocchi were just okay but my husband said he enjoyed it very much.  I don't recall the fourth dish.

We had sorbet and the chocolate pecan tart for dessert.  The tart was very good, sweet of course.  

It was a very good meal, the food was brought out in a timely fashion, the wait staff was attentive, but the whole atmosphere was totally ruined by the noise level.    

By the time we left there were many people milling around in the street waiting for a table inside since it was too chilly to sit outside.

For those of you that enjoy a LOUD, noisy environment you certainly will like the food here.

Best of luck.
Mercato's reputation proceeds it so I'll keep this brief (well brief for me).  This is a great little Philly BYOB staple, always reliable for the most part.  It's a small restaurant so the inside is tight quarters! If you're lucky, like we were last night, you can snatch an outside table which are further apart and great for people watching!  I have to say I was a little unhappy with the service, we felt very rushed, and the servers were not warm or pleasant.  
I've been here multiple times and the food was good, as always.  The trio of bruschetta was just OK, the rabbit confit piece was disappointing though the tomato and burrata piece was so flavorful.  The pastas were great as always, the standouts are the pyramid pasta and the spicy crab. My friend's veil was good.  The portions aren't large but they are all well done and filling. 
In short a great little BYOB that should be on your go-to list.  Remember it's cash only.
Restaurant Week Review: It kinda sucked and I probably won't come back. There are so many other Italian places in Philly I'll choose over this place. 
Appetizer: Market Salad.... order this if you love salads drenched in dressing. It was too much - probably a personal preference though because my friend ordered the same thing and thought it was fine.
Entrée: Rigatoni. Came served in a cool asiago "bowl" Very average with slightly too much black pepper. Still good though.
Dessert: You see my picture... my cheesecake literally came like that and the waitress apologized that my ice cream had melted off. Like what?! You don't serve people that!!!!! I asked for another one and she said they were running out of the cherry ice cream -__- .. way to be prepared for restaurant week!
I met my friend last night for a reservation during Restaurant Week. I must say, I have never felt more rushed in my life! Once we ordered our bread was delivered and less than 1 minute later (I actually kid you not) our appetizers were on the table. My meatballs were HARD...we did not finish them. 

After we were asked several times if we were done with our first course we finally gave in and allowed them to clear the table (in a clear indication that we were being rushed through what was supposed to be a leisurely meal with an old friend). 

We received our entrees, the spicy crab buccatini and the cacio e pepe. Neither were impressive. We had a lot of foods on our plates when we were approached FIVE (5, I repeat 5) TIMES BY 4 PEOPLE IN...get this... LESS THAN 3 MINUTES (you best believe I was timing this on my phone) TO ASK IF WE WERE DONE. First it was the food runner, then it was the waitress, then it was the hostess, then the manager, then the food runner again.

Wow...then when the dessert came the food runner was so rushed that he knocked the garnishes off of the top of my friend's dessert and his fingers clearly touched her tiramisu. She has a bit of an issue with germs and was totally turned off by this, leaving the dessert on the table.
Completely fabulous. I went with four other people, while visiting friends in Philly, and the outdoor seating was charming, the service was pretty good (our waiter spilled a bunch of the prosecco we brought so that was kind of "meh", but other than that, he was great) and the food was AMAZING. 

We did not get the tasting menu, but we did make sure to get a different dish for each person, in order to sample. My favorite was (conveniently) my own dish. I had the special, which was a proscsiutto wrapped some sort of meaty white fish...I want to say sole...(this was a week ago...) with crab meat flaking around it and covered in beurre blanc sauce. I think my mouth just started to water while typing this...

There were also scallops, pyramid pasta, squid ink pasta, and the ragu. All perfectly excellent. The dessert left a wee bit to be desired. (Gelatto in an espresso cup is not, like, the most exciting thing in the world.) But I'm still giving five stars for such a nice evening.

The outdoor summer ambiance was totally charming. We arrived at 8pm, just enough time to enjoy the setting sun and then have dessert by candlelight.

If you're in Philly and you want to enjoy a special occasion without going the far end of the high dining spectrum, I definitely recommend this place.
This review is entirely for the service I received at Mercato on Aug 16th 2014. Apologies for not saving the receipt (that had our server's name), but this has to be the worst service I have ever experienced at any restaurant - I hope it's that server and not the restaurant! 

It was my girlfriend's birthday and I decided to invite all our friends for a dinner at Mercato. I was really excited about this place (after hearing really great things about it from my friends) and took the extra step to convince all my friends to carry cash for this place. Since, this is a BYO place we got 1 bottle of champagne, 1 bottle of white wine, and 1 bottle of rum. Of course, the first thing we asked our server was to open the bottle of champagne. He opened the bottle right away. Please note that at this point he never bothered to check that we did not have any champagne glasses on the table. We had regular glasses at the table (not enough for the group) so we waited for our server to get either the champagne glasses or at least provide enough regular glasses on the table - assuming that he could count the number of people vs. the number of glasses at the table. Another note - he never bothered to get us ice buckets for the bottles. Anyways, we waited for 15-20 minutes until he got back to get our orders. We asked him to get glasses and ice buckets for the table. That took another 10 minutes - and the glasses he got were so dirty that we decide to share the clean ones between couples at the table..

After about 30-35 minutes (from first sitting at the table and all the above fiasco) he took our order for appetizers and entree - never specifying that he will be bringing both the courses together at the table. When the food arrived, we each had two orders fighting for space. The food was far better than the service - I wish our experience was not spoiled because of the server and I could give Mercato a higher-rating (probably a 4).
I'm not sure what Brian R. is talking about in his review, because I went to Mercato for restaurant week and it was perfect. I had been wanting to go here for a while since I feel like it's a notorious Philly establishment, so my girlfriends and I bought 2 bottles of wine (BYOB!) and headed over. 

At first I thought it would be really stuffy, as they take your credit card over the phone to save the reservation and... well it just seemed like a place that could afford to be stuffy. But the service was great. We got there and were given a choice to sit inside or outside (out), and they let us sit for a long time before getting a little antsy that we were holding up other guests. To be fair, we had been there for around 3 hours and there were people waiting, so I don't think it was rude. 

For restaurant week, we had our pick of the whole menu, save 2 things that were more expensive, so the selection was awesome unlike some other places that only put certain items on the RW menu. I had the short rib ragu, which was deliciously savory and tender, with gnocchi and vegetables. Then the bread pudding desert was so good I scraped it all off my plate. I really want to go back and try even more, as I tasted a bit of my friends' plates and they were great, too!

All in all this was a really good experience, especially because we paid restaurant week prices. But I would definitely go back when it wasn't restaurant week, i'd just make sure to get reservations as it gets crowded! 

Be forewarned - it's cash only.
Mercato is the kind of place 5 yelp star reviews should be reserved for. This Italian BYOB has some of the best food I've ever tasted and I can't believe it took me so long to try it. 

I went here for restaurant week and was blown away with all three courses. The famous artichoke lived up to the hype, I would gladly bathe in that sauce, but the calamari stole the appetizer show. The meat was so tender yet smokey on the outside which just went perfect with all the other components (especially the different kinds of olives). It was served like a salad and a bite with a little bit of everything was to die for. 

I tried both the short rib ragu and the pyramid pasta, both very rich and delicious. The gnocchi was shaped differently than I'm used to but those little ricotta balls were some of the best I've ever had. Amazing sauce that I was sure to soak up 100% with the table side served bread. You can't go wrong with the combination of brown butter and lobster/shrimp, I could eat those pyramids every meal. 

Dessert was the perfect ending to such a great meal. Both the cheesecake and chocolate cake won't win originality points, but the taste speaks for itself. The chocolate cake was warm and moist and served over ice cream, completing the knockout punch for my food coma. 

Our reservation was for 7:30 and we were seated promptly. We were on the somewhat rushed side but I was quick to forgive them as the combination of restaurant week chaos and torrential downpour shook things up as the outdoor tables were out of commission. Nonetheless, the service improvised and did a great job considering how small this place is. 

Can't wait to go back and try everything else.
Excellent BYO with fresh flavors, great service, and quaint ambience.  The spicy crab bucatini is one of my favorite dishes in all of Philly.  Perfectly al dente squid ink bucatini topped with rustic tomato sauce with a nice spicy kick and tons of fresh lump crab meat.  Simple and delicious.  The fontina stuffed meatballs are also savory and delicious although they can be on the saltier side.  Bring some wine and enjoy!
This was a wonderful date night and we surprised the establishment by ordering three restaurant meals for a part of two. 

Must get: fig toast, short ribs, swordfish, crab pasta
Meh: meatballs, mussels, veal cutlets
Missed: pyramid pasta

Mercato (paying attention to the BYOB) is a very small, yet romantic restaurant. My wife and I came during restaurant week and certainly took advantage of the special deals. The service was prompt and the food came out at appropriate intervals. I will say that inspite of COVID restrictions, we did sit fairly close to our neighbors, not that it was a covid risk, but more uncomfortable if you were looking for a romantic dinner.
Great BYOB restaurant in the city.  We tried it for the first time during CC restaurant week.  As I'm super picky with meatballs, I was hesitant to order these as my opening course, but I'm so glad that I did.  Very good, tender, great flavor and the gravy was fantastic - I wanted to dip bread in that until it was gone.  Everything that we ordered was good, but we were not a fan of the squid ink pasta dish.  There were too many ingredients competing to be the star of the show.  I would go back here.  Service was fantastic!
What a SHAME because I REALLY wanted to like this place! My boyfriend and I went last night and were sorely disappointed. Interestingly enough, it was not the food nor the atmosphere that turned us off but rather the poor attitude of the hostess. She single-handedly made this place a place we will never return to again. 

We love discovering the little byobs that are scattered all over the city and have been to quite a few. It was our normal mid-week break and so we decided to check out Mercato. Upon entering the restaurant we were not greeted nor acknowledged. In fact, the hostess was nowhere to be seen. She eventually made her way to us and wanted to seat us right away. I'll admit, It was great that there was no wait. I told her we had just two in the party and she proceeded to lead us to a table in the back corner. The restaurant had a few patrons but not overly crowded. They had a few tables already set up but I asked to be seated near the open window as I enjoy the fresh air. She then looked at the general area I pointed to and quite rudely said, "those tables are not set up." I thought to myself, "Wow, how hard is it to put some utensils and a napkin on the table for us?" She didn't say no though and proceeded to set our table up. I felt like I had really inconvenienced her. She had such a sour look that I almost said to my boyfriend, let's just go somewhere else since we seem to be such a bother. However it was already 830PM, we both worked long hours that day, and I just wanted some food and wine. I didn't bother suggesting going somewhere else.

After my initial bad impression from our hostess, I just couldn't quite enjoy the rest of the night. It's a shame really because the waiter was super helpful and knowlegable about the dishes. He was quite nice and friendly. Also, the food was really good! We ordered a trio of bruchetta to start. I had the short rib ragu and my boyfriend had the crab ravioli. For the price and quality of food, I think this place could have been a winner. Too bad the hostess, her name was Stephanie as I later found out, ruined it for me. 

All it takes is one bad instance to leave a lasting impression. There are so many other lovely places in the city that I have been or will go. Why would I bother with a place where I am treated like a pest rather than a guest? No thank you!
This was our 2nd time at Mercato, the 1st being during Restaurant Week last winter.  We will be going a lot more now that they accept reservations, it was just too much of a crap shoot before when they didn't and it's not all that fun to have to wait an hour plus to eat.  

Anyways moving on, we got to Mercato and brought 2 bottles of wine and a bottle of scotch and had no problem getting wine glasses and some glasses with ice.  We started off with the meatballs, the antipasta, and the grilled octopus salad (there were 4 of us).  All of these are raelly awesome apps and I would recommend splitting everything because Mercato definitely serves hearty portions that you can easily share.  The highlight for me other than the meatballs was the lima beans and the small salad that comes with the antipasta.  For dinner we did the Pyramid Pasta, which was really good, the short rib ragu which is just killer, and the Cioppino.  The Cioppino was unreal the red sauce it came in was sweet but not acidic and there was a ton of seafood to the point where I was almost sick of seafood.  We did do dessert and did the molten chocolate cake, the sorbet, and the cheesecake and all were really good.  

We will definitely be back because for the price you are paying here you are getting high quality food and a lot of it and their pasta is just super fresh and it's hard to beat.  I almost don't want to write this review because I don't want it to get any busier there, but if and when you go definitely bring a few bottles of whatever you like to drink.
I came here on a Thursday night and it was still packed so it must say something about this restaurant. The menu is not very extensive but they had some pretty interesting dishes. I tried the scallop risotto while my roommate tried the lobster and crab pasta.

The risotto was pretty good with yummy pan-fried scallops. There's also peas in this dish and while I'm not a fan of peas, it actually tasted pretty good. As for the lobster and crab pasta, this was only okay. From the menu, I was expecting something more along the line of a fettucini with lobster and crab but it's actually more like a dumpling  with a lobster and shrimp paste. 

Overall, it seems like a fun place to go for a small party of friends. I don't recommend coming here for a date though because it is quite loud inside. My roommate and I kept asking each other to repeat what we said...  Lighting was also a bit too dark. I'll come back eventually and try some other dishes.
It was my first time,I was so excited to celebrate my best friends birthday. I made a reservation and the food was delicious! However, the service was terrible. My best friend and I were asked to leave after of course the tip was given. The woman actually said to us we have a time limit on tables! I'm all about service since I work with thousands of people daily and would never treat a customer as such! Get new staff I will never recommend this restaurant to anyone! I'll take my money where it makes me feel special!
My new favorite spot.  BYOB. Food is great!  I went with a large party and everything we had was excellent!  Reasonably priced, about $30 a head. 

Very small place and I don't think they accept reservations, so you may have to wait for a table.  Some of our party was late and they still were able to accomodate us.
My second time at Mercato was just as good as the first. We picked an assortment of "cheesy things" and loved the blue, brie, and goat cheeses and the accompanying honeys and fruit. Already stuffed on cheese, as well as the tasty bread and olive/garlic butter, we all opted for appetizers and sides to round out our meals. I tried the Market Salad and found it a light, refreshing complement; the Chilled Crab Salad (a good-sized portion) and the Mussels & Clams also got rave reviews.  The Brussels Sprouts were delicious, bathed in balsamic vinegar and bacon.
No matter how many other quaint Philly BYOBs with arguably amazing food that I visit, my heart will always belong to Mercato.

Nestled in a small space on a quiet corner of the Gayborhood, this little gem has been making me do the yummy dance for years now.  They focus on Italian and change up their menu seasonally.  Most of the dishes are quite rich, and some can run towards the salty side, but this is not the type of restaurant that you would visit every week.  I think the most ringing endorsement I can provide is that I have enjoyed every single bite of food that I have ever put in my mouth here.  Items that stand out as my favorites include the lobster and shrimp pyramid pasta, and any of their scallops.  While the food is not cheap, it is not crazy expensive.  In fact, their four-course menu (your choice of any items from the appetizer, pasta, main and desserts) is one of the best deals in town.

It is true that it can be difficult to get a table at this popular and crowded favorite.  They only take reservations for pre-theater dining, so it is best to come here with an open mind and a back-up plan.  I have had decent luck on Sundays - especially if I show up before 7.  The atmosphere is casual and gets loud, and you will be seated pretty close to your neighbors.  This gets a little better during the warmer months when you can sit outside.  You want to sit outside during the warmer months since the open kitchen really heats things up indoors.

I keep bringing out of town guests to Mercato, and they keep wanting to go back on every subsequent visit to Philly.  Keep in mind that it's cash only.  If you do the four-course menu, plan on a leisurely meal and make sure to bring plenty of wine.  I like that I have never felt hurried to clear my table during these feasts.
Disappointed, plain and simple. 

Reading some of these more recent reviews and seeing all the 4-5 star reviews with people raving about this place makes me wonder if people even know what good food and service are or if they just rave about it like sheep because, well, monkey see monkey do. Just because a place "normally " has a 2 hour wait does not automatically make it a 4-5 star place to eat. I'm guessing its mostly a psychosomatic mechanism that fires off a few rounds of absent minded reviews. Planes have auto pilot, your reviews shouldn't.

I expected big things from this place based on reviews and the normal 1-2 hour wait times to get into this place. 

We did the olive oil tasting and the cheese and meat plate. Nothing struck me as anything I hadn't had before at lesser expensive places.

I had the lobster and shrimp pasta. I'm not really sure what I paid for, since I certainly did not taste a single hint of lobster or shrimp in the pasta and at 25 schillings that's NOT cool. It was very forgettable to say the least.

Scallops; Friend of mine had the scallops, which I stopped buying in restaurants due to the fact that I'm tired of dropping 30 shekels for 3 scallops. They were pretty good, but not THAT good.

Mussels and clams; Forgettable, just forgettable. Very small and very tasteless. I've literally had better at a small corner pub. They had no taste and unexceptionably small. I was THIS close to sending them back.

Service. I had to ask for a bottle of wine to be opened 3 times. We were never really asked "are you ok?" or "do you need anything?". We seemed to almost every time have to flag someone down to get what we needed.

Due to the fact that we had no wait and got right in, I suspect that in the summer its just about moving people in and out  and from what I tasted, hopefully the food will follow suit.
I am shocked how bad my dining experience was based on all of the stellar reviews.  I go out often to Philly for dinner and have had many experiences with restaurants on all levels.  I was extremely disappointed on how the night turned out.  Here's what happened:

We arrived for our 5pm reservation on time.  There were several tables already sat and a party ahead of us at the door. A 4 top wanted to move from the table by the door and it took about 5 minutes for the staff to decide where to put them.  There weren't too many choices since this is an extremely small restaurant.  None of the other staff stepped up to seat our party and the one in front of us, so we waited until the other seating arrangement was decided upon.

We were finally taken to our table and offered water.  No server came over to explain the menu.  I heard the server at the table next to us explaining how to use the regular menu for Restaurant week and advised of 2 additions.  After waiting for about 10 minutes our server comes over and asks what we wanted to order.  No introduction, no explanation of the menu and did not tell us about the additions.  She had blond hair with a long bang that covered one of her eyes.

Our appetizers came out quickly.  I ordered the grilled octopus which was a disappointment.  The octopus itself had no flavor.  The dish was heavily salted.  The portion was large and the vegetables were fresh.  My partner had the artichoke, which was alot of work and took him twice as long to eat it as it took me for my dish.

From the time I finished my appetizer it was about 30 minutes before the entree arrived.  I started to worry a little before 6pm.  I had told the restaurant when I made the reservation that we had theater tickets at 6:30pm.  I advised the server of this and she went towards the kitchen, but still the clock ticked.  Finally the food arrived.  Not what I expected.  I got the Lobster and Shrimp pyramids.   I could barely taste the seafood.  The pyramids were chewy and the inside was bland.  The sauce was good, but got heavy soon after I started eating it.  We had to shovel the food in order to try to make it to our show in time.  The server never returned to check on us and see how we were enjoying our meals.  I guess she did not like that I made a comment when she delivered the dinner and she placed my dish in front of my husband.  She did the same thing with the appetizer.  It was annoying especially since she only had 2 other tables in addition to ours and they were 2 or 4 tops.

Two other servers came over and offered to give us a credit to come back and have dessert.  They also offered to wrap something up for us.  At this point we had no extra time.  They were kind enough to remove the desserts from the bill.

Also this place it cash only, which I don't mind, but they do make you give a credit card to keep you from no showing.  If you take a credit card for that, you should also offer as an option for dinner.
mercato is sooo good. too good. it's actually becoming annoying because my boyfriend rarely wants to go anywhere else. the food is beyond amazing. i have had most of the things on the menu, and the only thing that i wasn't completely, delicously in love with was the pyramid pasta only because the seafood inside was a bit tough (flavor was still ungodly delicious). other than that, i cannot say enough good things about the food. the pasta and fish specials are always a sure bet. and i love love the herb butter they serve with the bread.

now for the "cons": 
1)they don't take reservations as far as i know, but you can always go across the street to valani (same ownership, if i'm not mistaken) and have a fabulous cocktail while you wait. 
2) they don't take credit cards (i never have cash, but jays market a block away has an atm)

as for other reviewers complaints of noise, i don't think i've ever been to a byo that wasn't noisy, it's sorta part of the charm. we often find ourselves in conversations with our neighboring tables. 

bottom line: this place is always a good time.
I used to like Mercato, but that was before their colossal screw-up of my New Year's Eve reservation. I'll give you the synopsis: Don't bother with Mercato unless you're cool with gross incompetence and piss poor management. For those who want to know the details, read on.

Mercato offered several shifts of dining on New Year's Eve. The early birds had the cheapest per person rate for a three course meal. The next shift got four courses. Those of us who opted for the latest shifts were charged $85 per person for a five course meal and promised a champagne toast at midnight (with a credit card required to hold the reservation).

My friends and I started out the night with a cocktail elsewhere and then grabbed an Uber to Mercato. Unfortunately, the Uber picked up some other passengers, making us late for our reservation. (Not to worry! The Uber thieves were likely kicked out of the car into the bitter cold when I cancelled the trip!) Once my crew and I were in a different Uber, I called Mercato to tell them I was en route but that I'd be a few minutes late for my 9:45. The hostess responded, "Is this Andrea for a party of three? No problem." I took that as a positive sign that Mercato was on top of the reservations. So I was surprised when I showed up a few minutes later to find a line for tables! Mercato is a very small venue so there truly wasn't space to loiter. Some members of a party of eight who arrived ahead of me were forced to wait outside in frigid temperatures. After standing around for over 10 minutes without anyone coming to greet me, I asked some of the others waiting if anyone was helping them. They told me that "she" knew they were there but the 10pm table wasn't ready for them, even though they too had called ahead to confirm. After the conspicuous "she" was pointed out to me, I walked over to her to notify her that I was there with my party of three, yet I didn't see any open tables. "She" commented that the threesome from the previous shift had paid up over 35 minutes earlier but she could not tell them to give up the table. She said that she would ask her manager to do something. 

OK. What the F? It's New Year's Eve, there was a pre-fixe menu and different price points for different shifts, and you couldn't tell people to give up their tables? Everyone who booked an earlier table KNEW there would be others coming in after. I don't see an issue with telling people the later seatings had started and the tables were needed. Come ON! Grow a pair! Anyway, after receiving this news, I watched as "she" refilled the water glasses of the people at my table. Nice job, Mercato. That's certainly the way to tell people their reservation window had expired. Well played. I then spotted the person who appeared to be the manager and walked over to speak to him. Keep in mind it was now nearly 30 minutes past my reservation time. The manager said he could slowly clear the table with the hope that the interlopers would get the hint. Holy passive aggressiveness. 

We watched as a larger table finally cleared, no doubt for the party of eight with a 10pm reservation. I was about to bail when I saw the threesome that was holding my table hostage get up to leave. "Finally," I thought. But then, I was surprised to see a party of two seated there. Oh... my... God. The hostess then came over to tell me my table was ready. I couldn't imagine how, as I didn't see any tables. I blindly followed the hostess to some imaginary table only to be led to the table that was meant for the larger party of eight. Holy shit. She and I spoke on the phone and confirmed I was coming for a table of three for a 9:45 reservation. She pointed out the threesome that was overstaying their welcome at my table. And yet, she gave up my table to people who showed up after me because she absentmindedly forgot about my reservation and thought I was with another group. 

At that point, my friends and I reserved a table at Amis. The time was approaching 10:30 - a whopping 45 minutes after my reservation and no tables to be had. For such a small venue, the lack of organization and total mayhem was inexcusable. The good news is that my crew and I were treated like royalty at Amis. Alicia, our server, managed to get food and wine out of the kitchen in record time with grace and charm.

So that's the deal. You've been warned. By the way, after finishing our meal at Amis my friends and I retreated to a bar for a final round of drinks. There we ran into the party of eight we met at Mercato. I was told that the hostess expressed to them that she didn't understand why I was so angry. Nice one. That really summarizes the entirety of my experience at Mercato. Oh, I also learned that Mercato was nearly fifteen minutes late for the champagne toast. Well, mine came on time.
As much as I enjoyed it my first few times here, my latest visit to Mercato took it from 4 to 5 stars in my book. I'm giving credit to the four course tasting menu since I got to try more this time around. The tasting menu is such a good deal. You get an appetizer, pasta, entree, and dessert. Come hungry because it's a lot of food. Highlights of the meal were:

- Mussels & Clams - the broth is tasty and great for dipping your bread 

- Beef Carpaccio - my first time having carpaccio.. I'm officially a fan.

- Short rib ragu - my usual go-to, it never disappoints 

- Spicy crab bucatini - squid ink pasta was another first for me.. it had a nice kick to it and they definitely did not skimp on the crab. I loved everything about this dish!
Let me start by saying, I rarely write bad reviews. I really wanted to like this place and had been looking forward to dining here, but everything about this place was  wrong. 

The food was awful. Really awful. Me and my boyfriend were very hungry, and it's really hard to dislike food when you're so hungry, but despite tiny portions, neither of us could finish the food. We had ordered short ribs, bruschetta, and the pyramid pasta. The short ribs were probably the only decent thing on our table, but were below average in taste and texture. The bruschetta was more like cheesy garlic bread, and I would prefer pizza hut's over this place. Lastly, the pyramid pasta, was VERY rich to the point of sickening. And actually, I was nauseous all night long because of the food here. Everything was drowning in oil and I can't even write more about the food because it's still making me a bit queasy to think about my meal. I really hoped I had just gotten a few things on the menu that weren't the best, but when the couple at the table next to us ordered different food and was also complaining, I knew I wasn't mistaken. 

We came around 8:30 on a Friday and the waitstaff seemed like all they wanted was to clear the table so they could get home.

I must say again, I rarely write bad reviews and I wish I didn't have such a sub-par experience (truly I hope it was just a bad day for the Mercato team), but I felt it imperative to let everyone know my different experience.
Came here for dinner. We were seated promptly, and although we were right next to another table with other diners, it still felt intimate. Something about the atmosphere at Mercato. The bread came with a delicious butter-olive oil cream. Light and delicious. As for dinner, perfect amounts and prepared to perfection.

I'm not too clear about their reservation policy, but I remember it being something along the lines of your being able to reserve anytime during the weekdays, but it becomes a first-come-first serve during the weekend. But who cares, this is my favorite BYO in Philadelphia and I will wait all night out in the cold to get seated.

Ps. Get the cheesecake. I swear you won't be disappointed.
Bad service. Noisy. Well-executed food.
 It's SOO noisy and packed inside the small restaurant. Try to get. Table outside.
Our waiter was missing for a long time after being seated. Once we received menus, he was missing for a long time again. I finally flagged him down to order.
The bread okay. The garlic olive herbed butter was very enjoyable. Great flavor.
Meatball appetizer was good. Sauce was fresh. Didn't blow my mind though. Since we were sharing 3 meatballs among three people, it worked. What didn't work was that our waiter didn't bring us bigger plates so it was difficult to eat big meatballs on a tiny plate. 
Crab pasta dish was wonderful. Spicy. Full of crab. Fresh squid ink pasta.
The chicken Marsala was a surprising stunner. Juicy chicken. Well balanced sauce. 
Short rib ragu was good. Lots of tender short rib. Done well but not creative.
I hailed the waiter down when we were done so we could wrap it up.
Took a while to get the dessert menus. Took longer for us to order. I had to ask what the gelato and sorbet flavors were. Passed on dessert.
The dishes are very well executed, but nothing wowed me enough to deal with slow, horrible service or the noise again. There are too many amazing restaurants in the city to come back.
Unfortunately, my entree was the only memorable thing about my first visit to Mercato. With such great Yelp reviews and my friend raving about it, I was expecting to be blown away. I ordered the "pyramid pasta" which was very good. The sauce was not what I was expecting (lots of chopped tomatoes), but it still tasted great. Our waitress was nice and the interior was cute.

I was also surprised how empty the restaurant was. Despite it being so empty, my friend and I were seated at a small table in the corner, then a family of four was seated right on top of us. The family even commented about being seated this way with such an empty restaurant. I was also not a fan of the table bread, and did not like the bruschetta of the day - although this may just be my personal opinion.

I love a good BYOB and the place is very cute, but I was not impressed.
One of the best Italian joints in Philly that I've been to so far - the only reason it lacks the full five stars is because the service was a bit mediocre. Despite being pretty busy, it is a pretty small space, especially with the open kitchen right by the dining area, so the server could have been way more attentive (once passing right by us when we were motioning him over). However, the food was pretty fantastic.

We went a little over a week ago for the first day of restaurant week. The menu selections were pretty solid: for appetizer we tried the bruschetta trio (one with roasted peppers, one with butternut squash and the last with pears and prosciutto-the BEST pairing of salty and sweet) and the fontina stuffed meatballs (the grilled garlic bread topping was a delicious touch as you could soak up the last bits of tomato sauce after you finish the meatballs). For entrees, we went with the short rib ragu (tender, fall-apart meat on a bed of an abundance of ricotta gnocchi) and pan-seared diver scallops - perfect sear on the scallops and complemented with a rich mushroom and pea risotto. We capped the meal with the homemade pistachio gelato-pretty thick for gelato, it tasted more like ice cream but generously sprinkled with crunchy chunks of real pistachios- and the cheesecake covered with raspberry (I think?) jam (the jam made it a little too sweet but still overall very tasty).

The ambiance was nice-very cozy and slightly dim lighting but the noise level was a little too loud (couldn't hear across the small table/had to shout a bit at times). The BYOB was probably the best component but we weren't smart enough to pick up a bottle before liquor stores closed (at 5 PM on Sundays!! oops) so we were literally the only ones without a bottle of wine... Otherwise, it was funny watching people confusedly trying to figure out how to eat the whole grilled artichoke appetizer and would definitely go back to try other items on the bigger tasting menu.
This place seats guests elbow-to-elbow, and the music is so loud you can't hear yourself think, much less carry on a conversation.

The food is just so-so.  Grilled artichoke was good, but very salty.  Pyramid pasta is supposed to have lobster and shrimp, but there was hardly any, and it was totally overpowered by the ricotta.  The salmon special was simply average.  

All of which makes it NOT a very good value.
But the service is very good and pleasant.
I give this place a 3.5. The space is cozy. The interior has a nice rustic but classy feel. The service is pretty good, and it's byo. However, as a gluttonous diner, I hate when a place brings me one piece of bread at time. By the time the server walks away, I've already eaten the piece of bread, as a palate cleanser to ready myself for more bread.  For appetizers we ordered a meat and cheese board and the meatballs. Both require lots of bread. We enjoyed the apps, but would have enjoyed them more with more bread. 

For entrees, I got the strip steak and my girlfriend got the turbot fish special. The strip steak came with baby potatoes and broccolini. The meat was a bit fatty, but it was a strip steak so expected. The potatoes and broccolini were cooked perfectly. My girlfriend didnt love the fish and found the sides to not fit well with the fish. But overall, it was pretty good.
I love Mercato! So delicious. Definitely get the tasting menu-- it's under $50 and you get to try everything! And you can even bring your favorite cheap bottle of wine (I have no shame) and actually, then not too expensive of a night. But it is cash only!
(Also, they ARE taking reservations now.)

The food is amazing, and I posted some pics-- but you have to try that for yourself. I just wanted to vouch for sitting outside on Spruce Street because it's an adorable street and the people-watching is fantastic. I'm not even sure I'd want to sit inside-- the tables are crammed in both inside and out, but at least outside there's fresh air. I thought it was very intimate and romantic. I totally went for the atmosphere, but the food won me over in the end. It's one of my favorites in Philadelphia.

Four stars because our server was struggling-- I think maybe she was new though, and she was nice, so no big deal.
I would have given this at least 3 stars but they got a downgrade for something I found amazing.

So, we've just finished our deserts and the hostess comes over and says (politely). "I need your table so can you please hurry along and get up?". First, know that there were 2 empty tables in the place and second, know that there was nobody waiting. Third, we just finished our dinner! It's not like we were on our 3rd cup of coffee and just lounging around while there were people waiting in the cold to come and sit down. It's not like this place is a diner, it's a fine restaurant for hells sake!

As for the food, it was pretty good. It was quite rich, but overall not bad. Standouts were the Scallops and Risotto and Pumpkin Fettuccine. I had the ragu and it was quite well done but very filling and after the Roasted Portabela app I had had enough of rich foods so I didn't finish it.

Desert was pretty good as well. 

The service (other than the hostess) was quite good. Our waiter took his time with us going over menu suggestions, etc. and the food came out in a timely manner and all that. But I can't get over that hostess. Also, why is it cash only? That is just not useful at all. Add a credit card machine you tax evaders!

So, give it a try if you dare, but be sure to eat fast!!
Hey Mercato! Omg short rib ragu. I don't know if I'll ever cheat on this delicious dish on a future visit. Thank you.

This small BYO can be loud but the conversations are hushed while devouring the buttery artichoke app (I highly recommend) and the previous mentioned ragu.

The staff is super nice and I enjoy their team approach to serving. Any process simplification method that results in yummy food getting into my stomach quicker is fine by me. 

This is one of my new favorite dinner spots in Philly.
Went for restaurant week this past January.  

AWESOME roasted artichoke appetizer.  Big, beautifully seasoned artichoke halves with a zesty aioli dip.  Best artichoke dish I have ever had - you don't know what artichoke tastes like before you have it roasted like this.  

Second course - scallops with truffle risotto.  The scallops were pretty small, but cooked well.  There was nothing special about the risotto and the truffle flavor did not come out at all through the dish.  

Dessert was the bittersweet molten chocolate cake.  I'm not a fan of overly sweet desserts, so the cake found the right balance.  However, I'm not sure where the "molten" part went.  Did they forget to add it?  Inject it?  Did it dry out?  Besides the false advertisement, it was a nice piece of cake. 

I will probably go back with a bottle of wine (love BYOB) and gnaw on every delicious corner of their roasted artichoke.
It's a nice restaurant but I'll dodge the sugar coating because I'm pretty appalled by how our experience ended. We were rushed out by a waitress who asked us to leave because there was a group waiting for our table. I have never experienced that kind of service in a restaurant before. We kindly left, but looking back, I don't think we should have been asked to leave. Especially when we were not yet finished with the wine and had just paid our bill and had our plates collected. I wish I had said something in the moment, but the request caught us so off guard we just left...with bitter tastes in our mouth.

Now the summary. 3 ladies and I attended the restaurant earlier today. It was a Saturday night so we made reservations and everyone ordered entrees except me because I wasn't hungry. I ordered the artichoke starter instead. My friends brought a bottle of wine and shortly after our order it was opened. The food arrived pretty quickly and everything was tasty from the samples I tried. The artichoke was a bit too burnt and drenched in oil for me to enjoy, but the piece of rib eye/gnocchi I tasted was great. After we finished our meals, the waitress asked if we wanted dessert and we declined. Then she gave us the check. We paid and stayed because the bottle of wine was not yet finished (although nearly). Then the waitress asked us to leave. Honestly, I typically leave restaurants quickly when I know someone is waiting for my table. I do the same with parking spots because I don't like making people wait when it's not necessary. However, in this situation I don't care if others were waiting for our table because our meal and experience was not yet finished. We paid good money to be there and our entire dinner ran less than 2 hours so it wasn't like we were hogging a table to finish booze. Even though the food and place was nice, the service made me think a lot less of this establishment as a whole, especially since nobody was friendly towards us even at the beginning. 

Overall, this place needs to step up their customer service and the staff needs a reminder to smile, be polite, and be more courteous to their customers.
Came here a second time and loved every second of it! We got the four course tasting menu. Our server was very attentive the whole time and gave really good suggestions. We started with the trio of cheeses and prosciutto which was excellent. Then on to our primi. I got the squid ink pasta with crab. Delicious! My boyfriend got the pyramid pasta which was equally as good but slightly on the smaller side. The pasta was stuffed with cheese and lobster. For the secondi, I chose the duck confit with a side of stuffing. My friend thought the lamb shank was better than the duck. By the time we got to dessert we were pretty stuffed. Come here for a delicious meal! BYO! Vallani across the street will sell you a bottle of wine if you forget yours.
I had the most delicious meal here with lovely friends sitting outside at the little tables that round the building. I had a short rib dish that was to die for, and my friends were very very happy with their pasta and beef dishes respectively. Super laid back and BYOB, so there's no sticker shock when the bill shows up. And the service was friendly and attentive (even though you needed a periscope to see us from the main dining room). All told, a very nice place to while away an evening and somewhat stuff yourself in Italian food.
Three words: Short Ribs Ragu! Fantastic dish. Ridiculously yummy! Great flavors: riccota & truffle polenta, broccoli rabe, shaved locatelli, truffle oil. Large enough to be shared by two. The restaurant space is tight - requiring intimacy in conversation with your group. They are cash ONLY - be prepared. Additionally, bring a bottle (or two, or three) Mercato is BYOB! Enjoy - literally one of the BEST spots in Philly. #Mercato #Philly
I've been to Mercato three times now.  Since I was going with just one other person, the wait wasn't too bad (20 minutes and we arrived around 7:30-8 each time) The food was very good, service was as well. The first time I went was during the summer and we sat outdoors, which I liked. We ordered the grilled artichoke.  I have never had such an amazing artichoke and talked about it for days afterward. I've ordered its since, and I think the artichokes were out of season because it didn't match the first one, but was still tasty. I have ordered the roasted chicken - it was good, not great. The ambiance inside is classy and the decor modern.  It's a bit crowded if you sit inside, and noisy, but not too bad.  Overall, satisfied!
I have been to Mercato a few times, and I am never disappointed. Their menu is interesting and delicious. The space itself is a little small and tends to get loud, so I recommend going in the fall/summer when you can sit outside. 

The fontina stuffed meatballs are my favorite. The sauce they are served in is absolutely incredible, I seriously could not get enough. I've tried the mussels as well- they were not as impressive and had a kind of sandy taste. 

The spicy squid crab ink bucatini is probably my favorite entree. The pasta is so buttery and rich. 

I love Mercato, but I don't recommend going on Restaurant Week. The service was bad/rushed us, and I think the overall quality of the food was subpar. Any other time though it's a really great spot!
It's been years since I've dined at Mercato and I have been thinking about it lately so I was thrilled when the ladies and I decided to have dinner there together.

I forgot how cute Mercato is! It's small, quaint, cute and has a very welcoming staff. 

After getting seated and popping our wine bottles, we started with sharing the roasted Artichokes and a special which were three toasts. The roasted artichokes were great. Really, it's about the dipping sauce and it was just as yummy as I remembered. The toasts were just ok. They didn't really leave an impression which is why I can't even remember what was on them. 

On to the main courses.... our group ordered the Cioppino, the Scallops, a special snapper dish with citrus rice and lobster and I ordered the pappardelle with a lamb ragu and whipped lemon ricotta. All of the entrees were fantastic. The special snapper and scallops were cooked to perfection, the lamb ragu was out of this world (thank god I had leftovers for the next day) and Cioppino was up there with best ones I've ever tried. 

Long story short, I was thrilled to be back again to one of my favorite BYOBs in town with great friends. I will make sure to be back again soon!
Say hello to my new favorite BYOB. I'm so happy I finally got a chance to cross this little gem off my list. It was everything I anticipated and more. SInce it's cash only, small and doesn't take reservations, we decided to join the older early birders and arrive right when they opened for dinner. We were seated at a tiny table by the window and it was lovely. Although the space is so tiny that you're practically sitting on top of the neighboring tables, The decor is so lovely with it's shabby chic look that it didn't really bother me. 

Everything we ate was beyond amazing. We started with the cheese board. It was well crafted with Moses sleeper, prima dona, a duck prosciutto and a fennel ... ( woops, I forget which kind that was). they were accompanied with complimenting sides to pair with such as a yummy mustard, honey and a cherry compote. All delish and perfectly paired with their delicious bread. The server was very generous with the bread and always made sure we had enough to go with our cheese. 

My entree of the pyramid shrimp and lobster pasta was wonderful. Ricotta, lobster and shrimp stuffed in 5 gererously sized pasta purses. They were displayed on a heavenly bed of brown buttered minced vegetables. It was to die for.

The grand prize dish of the night however was the Short Rib Ragu and gnocchi. I can only describe the sensation I got with each bit I was gratefully allowed to sample as pure bliss. Each bite melted in your mouth and the broccoli rabe was the perfect compliment to this dish.  Take my word , you must go and try this amazing dish if you haven't already. It will change the way you view Gnocchi as it did for me!

Our good friend  and chef Evan told us to try the Molten cake for dessert but after devouring the cheese board, bread and just shy of licking our entree plates clean, there was no room for it.  Next time ( because their WILL be a next time)- I will do my very best to make room for dessert- it may be hard if all of the other dishes are as good as the ones we've had so far!
You're wondering what a 3-star review is doing amidst mostly 4 and 5-star reviews. And you're thinking of writing this review off because it's almost an outlier in a sea of dazzling reviews, and you can if you want to! 3 stars isn't bad, it's A-OK.

I'd lived a block a way for 3 years, but had never eaten here. It is an adorable little BYOB on Spruce.

We were seated at our own table - technically. The tables and chairs are certainly close enough that you could bump elbows with your neighbor. And I get that this helps a restaurant serve more customers, but I think being able to pull it off is another thing. I don't always mind it, but this is another level. If it's warm, sit outside.

Maybe it was a restaurant week thing (and this was my first restaurant week experience overall), or an Italian food thing, but I wasn't wowed by the food or service. The black kale salad was the best part of the meal. 

I could see going here with a group of close friends a bottle of wine being really nice. For a date and spectacular food, there are better places in the area.
I lived only a block from here for nearly 2 years, and with a little rose coloured nostalgia, I'd like to share a few recommendations...

Always - try to get confirmed reservations, without which you may be subjected to an extremely long wait...  

Never - underestimate the exquisite flavors of the daily fish special, especially if golden tile fish is the subject du jour!

Intently - listen to the recommendations of your delightful wait staff, who are to become great conductors; navigating your taste buds through the fresh spices and organically grown delicacies representative of Mercato cooking culture.

Do - enjoy great company, wonderful food, and elegantly appointed accouterments ranging from unique flatware to warm candle light reflecting off dark woods and opaque finishes!

Drink-in - the fine wines your party has brought along with the ambiance, the character, the texture, and flavor of your surroundings...  

All in all Mercato is much more than just a place to eat, it's an opulent way to experience the art of eating.
If I was rating Mercato on food alone I would probably give 5 stars and overall I really enjoyed my dining experience. I stopped in for restaurant week on a Sunday and fairly late . I'm glad I chose this time to visit because any earlier or another night and the atmosphere may not have been as enjoyable. 

First the flavors of my meal were spectacular. I started with the market salad that consisted of arugula, grapefruit, burrata, hazelnut and vinaigrette. I know it's a salad but it was really good.  Then for my main I had spinach and artichoke fettuccine. This was the best pasta dish I've had in a while! Perfect flavors. For dessert I had tiramisu. Classic and the liqueur wasn't too overbearing like in some. 

Now if you read some of the other reviews, people mention the size of the space and the closeness of the tables and that's true.  This is a very tiny BYOB and table closeness would make it difficult for a party of 2 to have a private conversation during peak hours. Luckily I visited when the crowd was dwindling and we had an area to ourselves. With the ever diverse dining options in Philly, Mercato is the intimate place that reminds you of why the foodie scene is so popular in the city.
My boyfriend and I had a mediocre, borderline awful, dinner here for Valentine's Day. I wish we had stayed home and eaten easy mac instead. 

Their Valentine's Day special was 4 courses for $60, which was a complete ripoff considering I was only really impressed with one dish, and their regular fixed price menu is only $48. We were about 20 minutes late for our reservation because we had trouble finding parking, but we did call ahead, and they said it was fine. I think we may have been treated differently because of this. The first thing our server said to us was very nice, but the rest of the night was disappointing.

The couple next to us sat down about 10 minutes after us but finished their dinner at least 30 minutes before we did. They were offered tap water, bottled water, or Perrier, while we were just given a bottle of tap water. I am fine with just tap water, but why weren't we offered anything else? They received every course before we did, even though we ordered nearly identical meals.

We started with oysters and braised pork and bean stew. The oysters were good, but  nothing special. This theme continued with the rest of the meal. Next, we had the duck ragu and fettuccine. What little duck there was in the dish was pretty tasteless, and only the first bite of the fettuccine was good (probably because I was hungry). The one dish that my boyfriend and I absolutely loved was the roasted butternut squash and roasted agnolotti. It was the only dish that impressed us. Everything else was okay... it wasn't amazing or even memorable. Not even the scallops and filet mignon we had for our entrees. For dessert, I had tiramisu and my boyfriend had ricotta budino, which he hated so much he didn't even finish it.

The restaurant is pretty small and the tables are packed together, so we couldn't even have a nice conversation. The service started off with a friendly greeting, but was slow and icy compared to how the table next to us was treated. People who were waiting for tables stood around the entrance and held the door open - letting out a lot of the restaurant's heat. Maybe it was a bad night because it was Valentine's Day, but we did not enjoy our dinner at Mercato at all.
Absolutely love this place, and I'd consider it a favorite in the Philadelphia area. I came here for restaurant week earlier in the year with a close friend, and we absolutely loved our dining experience.

The place is definitely on the small side, and so my arms were practically touching the person's arm next to me, but I guess that adds to the small feel of the restaurant. The service was excellent!

Some of the highlights I tried were the: whole grilled artichoke, market salad, and autumn risotto. All were literally amazing. The artichoke was perfectly cooked and seasoned, and it was super fun to peel through the layers to eat the tasty parts of the vegetable. The market salad when I went to the restaurant was one with kale and pumpkin seeds, and the flavors were SO fabulous even though I was nervous about it being a boring plain and traditional salad. It was one of the best salads I've tasted to date. The autumn risotto is the best risotto I've had in my life. It came with mushrooms and butternut squash and tons and tons of cheese (prepare to see your risotto completely doused in cheese) but it's absolutely amazing. The flavors came together so well and the extreme cheesiness was JUST what I was looking for! Definitely don't order this dish if you can't handle a cheese overload.

We were slightly let down by the desserts we ordered, which is the reason for the -1 star. We opted for the New York Style Cheesecake and the Milk Chocolate Mousse Toffee Crunch Parfait, which were both only average. The cheesecake was extremely standard, and the parfait sounded way better on the menu than it actually tasted.  Both were lackluster compared to the amazing artichoke, salad, and risotto dishes I had eaten just moments before and so the finale was kind of a letdown.

Despite the disappointment with the desserts (perhaps I'll just need to try different items on the dessert menu next time?), I'll definitely return to try more of the dishes on the menu. This place has total charm and some gem items on their menu-- favorite risotto EVER and favorite salad EVER-- so that's gotta be worth something.
Really great experience...food was delicious, atmosphere was energetic and fun.  Expect to be seated DIRECTLY next to other customers, but make the best of it...look at what everyone else is eating!  

I had the Mercato salad with goat cheese (very light and fresh...perfection), and the short rib ragu over gnocchi.  

I loved the open kitchen right at the back of the room and I could watch the executive chef working away with her two sous chefs...this was probably the best part of the dining experience!  

4.5 stars overall.  Cash only (I don't blame them, but still a consideration), and the "cozy" seating might not be desirable for some.  Also, it got a bit warm which made me feel slightly uncomfortable while eating (downside of having the kitchen directly inside the dining room, maybe...??)
Amazing. Probably my favourite all around BYO in town. 

I went a few weeks ago with the ladies, and even though there was a significant wait (our fault, no reservations taken, and it was like 8:30 on a  friday), they have a built in waiting room at Valanni across the street!!!

First of all, they didn't judge us for having three bottles of wine (there were three of us), second of all, they moved us to a less drafty spot as soon as one opened (amazing). 

We ordered basically everything off the menu. I had the crispy skinned bass and it was probably one of the best dishes I have ever had. My friend ordered the filet special, which was like filet with mushrooms and truffles. Now, I don't usually like filet, but this was insane. The size of the thing alone was enough to make someone go crazy. 

The prices are completely on par with other places in town. 

I would absolutely recommend mercato!!
I discovered Mercato while living for a year at 12th and Spruce streets. Though not the kind of place anyone on a modest income could eat casually or regularly, when looking for an expensive and delicious meal there is nothing better. Mercato is situated in a very small corner location with enough room for about 12 tables for two. The decor and atmosphere inside is cozy and warm though it does flirt with the pretentiousness a pricey bistro often boasts.

The food is perfection, prepared in a partially exposed kitchen. My personal favorite is the pumpkin fettucini which is normally prepared with proscutto. I order it without and it is always perfectly creamy and delightful. The best feature here is a menu that contains a selection of olive oils and vinegars which can be combined in sets of 3 and brought out as an appetizer with bread and olives.

What stops Mercato from getting a full five star rating is the staff. As a 2 year customer I have noticed a decline in the positive attitude of the serving and hosting staff. They seem to be very aware of the hipness of where they work, and it reflects on how they interact with customers. 

On my most recent visit I was with my spouse and my in-laws. My in-laws are educated individuals, both in their 60's, but they were on vacation and it was less than 30 degrees out. We opted for comfort rather than style in our clothing. When we came in that night the hostess and one of the male staff was extremely cold the entire night, and at times I literally saw them whispering to each other (at what they thought was out of eyesight) and staring in our direction.

If we could get it through the heads of the staff that everyone who comes in with money to pay and good manners should be a welcomed guest I think this could be the best restaurant in town!

By the way - on weekends it is PACKED, and they definitely DO NOT take reservations, so if you want to eat at 6PM, get there by 5 and be prepared to wait!
I went to Mercato in probably Octoboer, 2009, with a friend.  Space was a bit tight, but it wasn't memorably uncomfortable.  It's been a little while, so I can't go into as much detail about the food.  I remember thinking the olive butter that came with the bread was fine, but not particularly olivey.  My friend and I shared the braised brussels sprouts with bacon.  They were a little bit soft, but very tasty.  We got the short rib rabu and the beef bolgonese.  The short rib ragu came with gnocchi and broccoli rabe, and the bolognese came with pappardelle and shavings of pecorino romano.  Both were fantastic.  The meat in each was tender.  The pasta itself was rich and enjoyable as more than just a platform for meat and sauce.  The bolognese sauce was creamy and rich.  We ordered two desserts.  I believe one was some sort of pumpkin pecan cheesecake and the other was an apple bread pudding, but I don't quite remember.  Both were good, although not quite as good as the savory element of the meal.  Part of this may be because we were both fairly full at this point and forced ourselves to order dessert because we'd enjoyed everything else so much.

Aside from the quality of the food, I was also quite pleased with the value of the meal.  The portions of the pasta were very generous--I wouldn't call them large, but they were reasonable.  The pasta was very filling, so I wound up having leftovers, anyway.  I think the meal came to about $40 each.
I had an awesome meal here last night.  I decided to go for the 4 course tasting menu because Brooke L. had recommended it.  It definitely saves you a few bucks and who doesn't like 4 courses?

I started with the Mussels & Clams.  They were amazing and the grilled bread with them was the perfect accompaniment.  Next I tried the orecchiette with sweet sausage.  It was also very good.  The Lobster and Crab Pasta was also good.  For my entree I had the Duck breast special with creamy sage polenta and braised greens.  If only the chef had used a little more salt, it would have been insanely good.

Everyone must try the chocolate pecan tart.  It's basically some pecan pie with melted toffee and a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Even though I was absolutely stuffed I couldnt help finishing the whole thing.

I will definitely return here sometime soon
Loved all the outside seating they have.  I wish that there were more heating lamps but the tables were well spaced out. It's BYO so that's always a plus and they don't rush you.  The food was perfectly cooked and the servers were attentive.  You definitely need reservations!
My boyfriend and I went to dinner last night for the first time at Mercato and we absolutely loved it! What am amazing local find with a great neighborhood vibe. The night was beautiful so we sat outside in this cute tree lined street where noise level was very low since it was tucked into a side street and not on the main walking street. 
The staff was all very friendly, we got seated immediately when we got there and I do recommend making reservations. The ambience is casual, chill, and summertime. Great for small groups or a nice dinner date. 
The food was the star of the show. We shared the mussels which was great. It was in a red sauce with peas and fennel served it toasted bread. He got the chicken parm and I got the pasta pyramid - both were delicious. Seasoned just right and was very yummy. 
Prices are very reasonable and made even cheaper since it's BYOB.  recommend this place!
I came in here tonight after not having been for many years, but there was a time when I visited quite frequently. Of course there are outside tables set up during COVID, so that's fine, but I was immediately kind of weirded out by the waitress (hostess?) because she wasn't very friendly to me when I came up to ask if they were still serving. She kept on pointing out they were a BYOB and I was like... yes, I know, the name of your restaurant is Mercato BYOB.

It didn't help that she never really passed on the pleasantries one expects: you know, "Hi, how are you tonight? My name is Whatever, I'll be your server." And then out of nowhere another guy came to my table, and he was just downright brusque. He just spewed out a list of water choices which...I don't know, but between that and the first lady, it rubbed me the wrong way enough that I literally asked if I had done something to offend them in some way.

That being said, I had hoped to have the pumpkin ravioli I used to have but they don't make it anymore. Instead I had a delicious lobster "pyramid pasta" (ravioli). It was divine. I also had the stuffed artichoke which was sort of just okay. Far too much bread crumb for my liking, but I did devour it anyhow. I ordered a garlic bread that was really quite bad though. To be frank, the garlic was burned and the dish was extremely bitter.

I will say that for the rest of my meal a different man was my waiter, and he was exceedingly better than the other two people I interacted with. I left him a 50% tip accordingly because honestly anything below 20 is an insult during this pandemic, and he really was extremely good at his job. (Also he noticed I didn't eat the bread and took it off my check without my requesting it, which was a correct and extremely courteous gesture. I didn't expect it, but it was the right thing to do.)

So I'm not really sure what to say, because my visit was really all over the place. I'll also note that when I left I said goodbye and thank you to that first man I interacted with (fairly certain he was the manager,) and he literally didn't respond or even acknowledge my presence.

So I may get food from here again moving forward but I think probably I'll get it to go.
After passing this place by for years and saying that one day we would try it, the BF and I finally went to Mercato a couple weeks ago.  The small cozy space was the perfect setting for a romantic meal, and the servers were attentive and courteous (albeit sometimes a bit rushed).

We split the antipasti for two, which had a great selection of meats, cheeses, olives, artichokes, and bruschetta for both of us.  My parmesan-crusted Veal Marsala was very tasty; really enjoyed the mashup of flavors with the veal, cauliflower, and potatoes (a good choice to sub in Yukon Mash instead of rice or pasta).  It was a bit on the heavy side though.  His pyramid pasta, stuffed with lobster, shrimp, and ricotta, was lighter and also very flavorful. The food is very fresh, presented beautifully, and the portions won't leave you hungry.

Being a BYO definitely helps to offset the cost, but with food like this, it's definitely worth it.  Very much one of the city's underrated BYOs and would definitely come back again to try more of the menu at another time.
First and foremost, make sure you have a reservation because the restaurant is small and fills up fast. This was for a date and it was great. I love the BYOB aspect of the restaurant.The food was great as was the service. We stayed for a while and talked, and there was no hassle or rush. Overall, just a great experience. I highly recommend it. 

The spicy crab with he squid ink pasta and the short rib ragu gnocchi are very solid choices.
You have to get the $48 tasting menu.  Why wouldn't you?? It would be a shame to waste an opportunity to try so many scrumptious, albeit rich, dishes.

After watching one of Mercato's head chefs compete on Chopped, I was inspired to go.  Then when one of my friends claimed it was "better than Audrey Claire" I absolutely had to verify that.

Was it better than Audrey Claire?  I say no. No way.  While I will try not to make the rest of this review a comparison between the two, I will say that Audrey Claire has better ambiance and fresher-tasting food.

We came here with my bf's French grandmother, and the tight squeeze of the tables and high volume level of the venue made it difficult for her to hear the language that was already secondary.  Regardless, we made it a good time.

My appetizer was the salad - boring and meager, I should have gone for the artichoke.  My tablemates got the mussels, which were a meal in themselves.  I really wanted the octopus salad but they don't have that anymore.

For mains, bf's dad and I got the cioppino for a $5 upcharge.  It was worth it.  And sooooo rich.  Super buttery.  I took much of it home in their super-swank to-go containers which I now use to pack my salads for lunch. cha ching.  My bf got the scallops which are a good choice if you want something lighter.  Grandmother got the fish of the day, which was simple and tasty.

Dessert we got the selections of gelato - nutella, fig chocolate, and mango.  The fig chocolate was the best.  Very light and creamy.  I got the tiramisu which had very heavy cream and well-soaked lady fingers.  Grandmother got the sorbet - which I don't recommend if it is not your thing - and Dad got the cheese plate.  But they only give you 2 kinds. 

The bread with the meal was so-so.  Nothing to write home about.   Overall 5 stars for value and service.  My water glass was always full.
Excellent food. Hearty, tasty, pretty but not wimpy. Tables are spaced relatively close together so don't be surprised if you end up chatting with your neighbours or deciding what to order based on the dishes you can see on their tables.

Minus one star for recent disorganized service- we called ahead to ensure that we didn't need a formal reservation on a Sunday night and were told that it would be a 5-10minute wait. When we arrived, the first person to speak to us said the same thing, and then someone else told us it would be 30-40min, the situation we were trying to avoid by calling.

A step at the doorway (and very narrow walkways), so wheelchair inaccessible- summertime ISTR a few outdoor tables.
My first experience at Mercato was amazing! This little (yes, little - don't go with a big group unless you've planned far in advance!) Italian BYOB serves up great food with lots of creativity.  The prices will creep up on you however, as entrees tend to be a bit pricey.  
The next experience was for a private event and the food didn't quite hit the mark in the same way.  Understandably, serving a handful of hungry customers at the same time means dishes aren't executed as well as the could be otherwise.  
Enjoy the tables outside on a sunny day!
I came to Mercato BYOB with a friend and like any Yelp Elite, scoured the reviews before arriving. According to Michelle's review (the leader of our Yelp Elite team here in Philly and whose reviews I have the utmost respect for), Mercato had changed over the years and I was expecting to be sitting elbow to elbow with the next table over. But surprisingly, it wasn't as bad as some other restaurants I've been to (*cough* *cough* Bistrot la Minette during Restaurant Week* or David Burke's Kitchen in NYC) where they literally had to move the table out for me in order to sit in the booth half of the table. 

I am a huge fan of squid ink pasta, but I still haven't found squid ink pasta that compares to that of the Daily Catch's in Boston's South Seaport. I literally order squid ink pasta every opportunity I have to find a dish that will top Boston's but I just haven't - the pasta is always too rubbery or tasteless and leaves me sad and hopeless. I do have to say that the portion was decent. I ate about 3/4 of my dish before I was full, but couldn't bring myself to box up the last 1/4 so just stuffed myself. We went relatively early - 5:30 PM but by 6 or 6:30, the restaurant F I L L E D up and started getting really loud. The whole restaurant was just 1 room and the kitchen is semi-open so you can see what's going on if that interests you. Didn't affect the smell of the restaurant though, I think their ventilation is on point. Each dish was $20+, upscale food with casual vibe imo. Might come back but would love to try other Italian places before coming back here.
Excellent in so many levels. Veal , gnocchi and fresh fish .
BYOB . Our Philadelphia destination Fontina Stuffed Meatballs to die for :-)
Cash only! Remember that - cash only. No ATM's in the immediate vicinity (or not that I saw). 

Definitely make a reservation because the place is small and if you walk in, you'll be waiting for a long time without a bar to hang out at. It is also very loud so if you are looking to have a romantic intimate date, go elsewhere. The 3 times that I've gone, I've sat so close to the couple next to me that I considered pushing our tables together and just having dinner as a group, considering I could hear everything they were saying. I think you can rent out the entire venue for dinner parties as well.  

The food is good! I would say it is a little over priced for what it is, but seeing that it is a BYOB, they have to make up for that. My favorite dish is the Short Rib Ragu, my very Italian boyfriend said that the gnocci were comparable to his grandmothers. The grilled skirt steak is also very tasty. I don't eat veal, but my bf seemed to be enjoying it very much. 

I've also gone and had only appetizers and salad. Octopus salad is deeelllish. They also have a cool olive oil menu so I've done that, and paired with some cheeses. 

Overall I'd give this place an A-.
It truly breaks my heart to write this since Mercato was my favorite Philly restaurant from 2007-2010, but since Chef Mackenzie Hilton left town, things just haven't been the same.  

The short rib ragu, once one of my all-time favorite dishes, has become somewhat of a muddled mess.  On my most recent trip, the ragu sauce was really greasy, the locatelli was clumped on top, and the carrots (which are a newer addition, don't really add much).  Additionally, I think Mercato is either starting to skimp on the quality of their ingredients or on the attention they pay to them.  Since Mackenzie left, the short ribs are noticeably fattier (and not in a good way).  The appetizers are less inspired (the market salad with black kale was nothing special) and the new food additions are incredibly bland (lamb pappardelle, I'm looking at you).

To top it off, prices have risen and the wait staff (at least on our most recent visit) was kind of drippy.  I really hope Mercato is able to find itself again, but it will likely need to turn to its past to move forward.
This WAS one of our favorite BYO's in the city until the kitchen noise level got so completely out of hand. Our last visit in May 08 was most likely our last, with the previous one also a disappointment. The appetizers were fine but two out of the 4 entrees were "just OK", the same experience as our previous meal. As on that other night, the Chef and kitchen staff were at it again - THROWING pots and pans around so much that it was actually hard to hear at our table. The poor people right below the window had it even worse than we did. I'm all for open kitchens but this was far past ridicules. If you go, wait for a table as far away from the kitchen as possible or you'll leave with a headache.
