I made an impromptu stop here when searching for a place with WiFi where I could get some work done. At 4pm on a Friday, the café was almost completely empty which was perfect. I had just finished a bunch of annual checkups/appointments, and honestly, I was in no mood to chat and socialize. A nearly empty and quiet café was quite heavenly. With the weekend on the horizon, I really just wanted to get my work done and get some food in my belly while at it!

Since I had missed lunch, I decided to spring for a sandwich. I got the basic egg sandwich which consisted of scrambled eggs in a bread of your choice (the options are a bagel, wrap or toast). You can also add veggies or sauces to your sandwich for an additional cost. I got the whole wheat wrap and added spinach and grilled onions. The wrap was ready for me in just a few minutes and although there was nothing special about it, it was piping hot and fresh. I also appreciated the nice presentation. 

The gentleman who took my order and brought my wrap out to the table was so friendly and polite. I stayed at the café until closing time but never felt pressured to leave. I have a lot of respect for staff members at restaurants/cafés that let you leave on your own and don't push you out the door right when they are closing. 

It's not too often that I'm in this area but I'll keep this place in mind next time I am and want to grab some coffee or a bite and need to do some work. Since it's located in University City, this is a great local café for U. Penn and/or Drexel students and staff to check out!
Capogiro was closed last week for my H&H bagel fix, luckily just down the street Metropolitan Bakery was open and had some freshly baked bagels. I had an everything bagel with sun-dried tomato cream cheese which was pretty delicious.
Metro only gets 1 star because Yelp doesn't give the option for "no stars" or "negative stars" or "whoever trained these people in customer service should be sentenced to 100000 years of community service and the people who work here should be sent back to kindergarten to learn how to read/respect others" or  "I legitimately hope this place gets destroyed by rampaging velociraptors."

I swear, the people at this place purposefully leave out parts of your to go order to save money. I guess they (correctly) assume you're running off to a meeting and won't bother returning to get the correct order.  Literally every time I've tried to get something to go, they've left out a part of the sandwich I paid for. Usually, it'll be something small like a vegetable or something. 
Today they left out the salmon in a salmon bagel. I paid over 6 dollars for butter on a bagel.  Because that's totally unreasonable, I ran all the way back and explained my situation to the guy who took my order less than 10 minutes ago.  
Usually when a food service messes up they apologize and try to make up for it. Even the people at Papa Johns offer you a drink or something if they take longer than estimated.  Insomnia gives you 6 free cookies for the next time you order. I wasn't expecting free stuff for the extreme inconvenience of me missing my meeting or having to run back and forth in the rain. However, I also wasn't expecting to be treated like some sort of criminal and have some lady bark for my old receipt to be checked by the SAME DUDE who took my order MINUTES ago.  
This isn't a one time thing. Their service is consistently awful. Once, we had to wait at the register as they avoided eye contact and loafed (no pun intended) around behind the register for so long, that we had to leave before ordering so we wouldn't be late for class/meetings.

In addition to all the food, don't buy the "we like to help local artists" act. Metro won't do anything that costs them extra time or money.  Instead, check out places like Lovers and Madmen or Greenline. These places are right down the street, have MUCH better service and food, and take an ACTIVE PART in helping artists. Unlike Metro, which won't do anything besides "yeah well maybe you could like put your pictures on our walls and stuff", they actually provide venues for musical performances, film making, etc.  

tl;dr horrible service, selfishly run cafe, overpriced food, I hope they crash and burn like one of their equally tasteless breakfast sandwiches
I've come here three times, each time being dragged in and told how amazing it was. Metro gets a big old "meh" from me, however.

For coffee, I had the regular ol' drip coffee twice, which was overpriced and worse than Wawa coffee. I then had a special caramel-y type concoction that was nearly undrinkable for how sweet it was. As for the food, any time I've tried to order anything (from a bagel to a random sandwich), I've been told they're out, and I wasn't hungry enough to order something else in its place. 

Even this would be surmountable but the actual atmosphere is just terrible. The servers seem annoyed about their entire life situation and were snotty the three times I ordered. I may not be a regular at Metro, but I'm never going to become one if you're obnoxious when I ask for a bagel. It's also usually pretty noisy and crowded, so I wouldn't go here unless you absolutely had to meet a friend here.
SERVICE IS TERRIBLE!!!

The food is great. However, do you really feel like being treated like a leeper on a desert island population you and the bitchy old lady who serves you coffee?? (Trust me, if you've ever had to deal with her you'll know exactly who I'm talking about. Even your mom when she was really, really, mad at you never got this scary!)

Give your hard earned dollars to Milk and Honey Market or The Green Line Cafe - they have even BETTER food - plus they have souls.
You know, I was all set to love this place, based on the reviews here.  And it was conveniently located to where I was staying while in Philly, so I thought it would be the answer to my bakery cafe prayers.  But at the end of the day, while it's convenient, the baked goods just aren't special.  In fact, my entire family agreed that the sweets were bland and dry, and the breads were just okay...this was from a sampling of cakes including pear, almond polenta, chocolate angel food, and chocolate bundt.

I also tried a bagel sandwich one morning, and the egg couldn't have been more over-cooked if they'd tried!!  It was rubbery and mealy to eat.  The only bagel they had left was a multigrain, which had a weird tart flavor to it, no doubt from one of the many seeds baked into it.

And my husband thought he was bringing me a sweet surprise by getting me a chocolate brownie...but it was dry, bland, and too sweet without much chocolate flavor.  What a let-down!

A few highlights:  My lattes have been sufficiently tasty, and I liked their rosemary olive oil roll, which I served myself with a little butter at home.

The front entrance and main interior space is WHEELCHAIR ACCESSIBLE, although there's a lot of furniture, and it might be hard to get into all the corners.  The employees are friendly and helpful, and the store feels clean.

I wish I liked the baked goods here more, because I really WANTED to...but from the four cakes, three types of bread, and brownie I've tried from Metropolitan Bakery, I'm just left with a feeling of being letdown, completely underwhelmed.
We would lovingly call it Metro and drool over the smell of paninis that filled the hall when we walked to work at the DP (The Daily Pennsylvanian, Penn's independent student newspaper). 
I'd often also drop in to grab a brownie (5/5stars) as a mid afternoon snack. Their gooey, walnut-laced deliciousness was addicting and I got a few other staffers hooked. 
I've also had a few of their sandwiches, most notable is their chicken breat panini with cheddar and bacon,(4/5 stars) it also has some fancy type of mayo (rosemary perhaps), and is somewhat greasy, but very tasty.  And their chicken salad sandwich doesn't fall far behind, with generous chunks of chicken and celery (3/5). The chicken was somewhat dry, and the salad itself could use some more mayo, so it wasn't a home run. 
Their sourdough batard is to die for, and so is their regular french bread baguette. 
If it weren't for their high prices I'd give it 5 stars and this would be my dream bakery. They also tend to run out of breads around dinnertime 5-7pm, which makes sense, but can be frustrating.
For bakery-starved West Philly, Metro serves its purpose.
Such a class act local business. You can never go wrong with local baked goods, fresh coffee, tasty yogurt, and delicious goat cheese and crackers. So the fact that Metropolitan hooks up all of the above under one roof, and does it with a smile, makes it pure tops.

I stopped in to give their cup of joe a try, and instantly made note of their mini marketplace hooking up the likes of Z Crackers, Cypress Grove goat cheese, and locally fresh yogurt. I can't think of too many other coffeehouse/bakeries that does such. their baked goods hooked up creme fraiche bread, chocolate pound cake, fresh biscotti, decadent brownies and so much more. after looking for so long I couldn't resist and had to try a brownie, which ended up being big time chocolate. they had a grand selection of self serve coffee too that included fair trade Mexican, and some organic blends. I know I'm sold!
I hate to buy bread from anyone but Metropolitan; they bake the best bread in the city. But this is not a review of the bread.  This is a review of the 4013 Walnut Street café, which is not run by the bakers.

I usually try to avoid eating here, because the service has always been so slow and inept.  Today I thought I'd try again, and I wish I hadn't: they forgot about my order and it took about forty-five minutes to collect my fried egg sandwich.  Since it isn't a very good fried egg sandwich and it is a fairly expensive egg sandwich--$6 or so--I was really unhappy at waiting so long for it.

I think Metropolitan is trying to do too much.  Perhaps if they trimmed their menu and focused on doing fewer things more carefully, they wouldn't screw up as much.

-------

Update Feb 2018: The problems with the service have been addressed.  Metropolitan is often very crowded, but the service is no slower than one would reasonably expect, and I no longer see the staff bumping into one another and getting in each others' way as they used to do.  I now come here regularly and have not had any problems for a long time.
I live right near this bakery, but have only passed by every day and only came here for the second time ever the other day before my first class. Searching for a convenient place to grab a cup of tea and lunch and sit down with my readings for the day, I decided to finally stop by. 

I do enjoy the mission of the store, with the local art and jewelry being displayed for sale on the walls, and it seems like all of its choices are more natural (with a lot of vegan and creative options). However, the take out is extremely slow (the first time I came here I ordered a lox sandwich to go, for which I waited half an hour....and it was super salty with too much cream cheese to boot), and so is the service if you sit down (although I suppose it doesn't matter too much if you're with friends or have a book). 

The chairs and tables are not very comfortable for a coffeeshop/bakery, and the cashiers seemed to look down on me since I wasn't sure what to order. The food was not only expensive, but ....kinda terrible-tasting...maybe I've just ordered wrong things?? I got a red pepper panini (what a safe option!)...and it came with weird artichoke hearts and some type of cream cheese that did not complement the sogginess of the other flavors at all!! The bread was pretty good, but ruined by the wetness of the vegetables. I also ordered an iced tea, which probably had 2 sips of drink out of the entire cup of ice. 

The sauces they sell in the fridges on the side are pretty good though (although $10 for a tiny pesto sauce is pretty expensive)...but otherwise I'm not sure spending $10+ on a tiny soggy sandwich is worth it.
I'm not sure what the hype is all about. I would've given them 3 stars, except they didn't give correct change. Sure it was only one cent and maybe you felt too lazy to give me my extra coin, but wtf, that's MY penny. You didn't earn that penny. I didn't give you permission to not give me my change. 

The servers definitely don't care about you. The just do their job. Not particularly friendly or excited.

The iced chai was watery tasting. At $3.40 you better taste better or give me more than Starbucks. Metro did neither.  So i'll stick with beloved Starbucks. 

The baked goods look delicious, but at $2+ each, they're pretty pricey for mediocre to small sizes. My biscotti was too hard and stale. I prefer crunch on the outside, slight chew on the inside. For $1.75 I felt ripped off. 

Also, while they're going for the cute "open bakery" look, cover your stuff please. There were flies ALL OVER. 

The breakfast burrito, at $7, was pretty tasty. But nothing to rave about. And it took about 15 min to make. Really? Seriously? 

I love studying in cafes but this cafe was too small. Obnoxious undergrads were annoyingly discussing the philosophy of linguistics and God for an hour, talking about how clever they were to reuse books from one class for another.
Waited 14 mins this morning for a simple egg and cheese bagel. It's  was before 8am and it's a weekday, seriously! I can cook a steak at home in less time it's an egg sandwhich! Overpriced, no apology for the wait, instead I got a dirty glare. I believe the owner or manager came up a few times and I'm more disappointed about the lack of acknowledgement. Also only one customer in front of me. No apparent service issues. Food was mediocre. I'm very disappointed at the wait time and lack of customer service and management. I am a restaurants manager myself, for over 12 years so I don't take this review lightly, fully understanding the dynamics of running a restaurant and service establishment.
Eugh. The fly loitering around my table was more hospitable towards me than the employees. And the coffee tasted like licking the ashes in a fireplace; I had to put five pumps of simple syrup in it to make it palatable. And they also have a $10 minimum on credit/debit purchases, which I've since reported to both Mastercard and Visa. Won't be returning.
I remember many a rainy day spent here, reading the Weekly instead of doing work, with a tea and maybe a pastry, watching people come in off the street shaking out their umbrellas. It was always so warm and inviting and friendly.

I lived more or less next door when I was in college and still, every time I come back I have to go buy myself a bag of bagels to take back to Boston with me for nostalgia's sake. That and they're so awesomely yummy. Really more chewy-sourdough-in-a-ring than a bagel, but still so awesome. 

The drinks are great - their cappucino was the beginning of the end of my wallet-draining coffe problem, and the Numi teas make you feel all sorts of cosy (though, avoid the ones that say Smoky somewhere on them - it's like sticking your head in a campfire). 

The best part of this place, though, now that I'm 500 miles away? Online ordering!
I often visit the Rittenhouse location of Metropolitan Bakery and was very excited to try the larger West Philly location. Metropolitan has tasty baked goods, including cookies, cakes, and breads, and is the perfect place to stop in the morning for local fresh coffee and a power muffin (my favorite) or a yogurt parfait with homemade granola (my other favorite). The West Philly location offers a large menu and seating (vs the tiny Rittenhouse spot), including sandwiches, salads, and soups. I had the grilled portabella panini with a side salad and it was the perfect lunch. I love the fresh focaccia bread and the quiet, sunny atmosphere. 

A lot of Yelpers note that this bakery is "overpriced". I do think this is an artisan gourmet bakery with lots of local and organic ingredients and the prices reflect that. But I was able to get a very large sandwich, side salad, and an apple for $11 and I was stuffed, so I think that's a pretty good deal. Metropolitan is a great spot for a quick lunch that adds up to about $10.

Note that Metropolitan is cash only if spending less than $10. If you're trying to up your bill, try adding on a bag of their famous (and delicious) granola, or a fig bar, Metro's homemade and more perfect version of a fig newton. Other favorites include their cookies or apricot log. Another good deal? Their day old goodies are half price and fully tasty.
I stopped in for some coffee and a pastry after my sojourn to the Philadelphia Record Exchange for Vox Populi across the street.  The store's space is warm and cozy looking, with a lot of dark wood. The selection of baked good/pastries was pretty decent, although one apple tart looked like it had been sitting there all weekend. I ended up getting a redeye and a brownie. The redeye gave me a nice jumpstart. And the server lady/person made it super fast. The brownie I had later while I was waiting for my lovely SEPTA train.  It was nice and moist and fully of chocolate.  All in all a good experience.  Next time I"m near this store I"ll stop in again and try some of their other fare.
I love this Metropolitan. It's such a great place in the neighborhood to meet up with a friend, have really good coffee and delicious breakfast sandwiches. The staff is always so kind and helpful (exceptional service and kindness this past Tuesday for a late breakfast), they offer a bread card (free loaf with enough purchases) their baguettes are wonderful and the space is comfy and clean. It can get pretty crowded during the school year with Penn students stopping by to study...summers offer a bit more spaciousness in seating. But don't let any of that stop you from coming here and enjoying this neighborhood coffee shop.
I was recently contacted by the owner of Metropolitan Bakery, read the edit below.

7/17/11:
I was in here once before to buy french bread, it was medium quality and I didn't think it deserved a review.

This morning we went out for a quick breakfast, not wanting to go out for brunch we settled on Metropolitan Bakery because they had more than just sweets and coffee.  We both ordered bagels, it came to $6.10.  That seemed like a lot for two bagels.  I decided to asked Marcy, the silver haired woman I ordered from where the extra pennies came in.  I remember the sign said $1.30 for a bagel.  Well it turns out the flavored cream cheese was $1.75.  How does the cream cheese cost more than the bagel??  This wasn't posted, unless it was called "Metropolitan Spread" in which case it was $0.95 or regular cream cheese ($0.50).  There was also apparently some problem with me asking for clarification, because she really wasn't too nice about it... even without a customer waiting to order.
The real fun part was getting the wrong bagel.  I distinctly asked for a whole wheat bagel.  The receipt states that Marcy punched in plain bagel.  I know these are all just petty things, but they added up to a bad experience.  I continue to try to enjoy coffee shops, but it experiences like this at Metropolitan Bakery that make me think twice.

Edit 7/19/11: Jim L, owner of Metropolitan Bakery, has personally contacted me about my experience last Saturday.  The mistake(s) were neither entirely his or mine.  However, I greatly admire businesses that take pride in the way their customers are treated.  He truly cares about his customers and his business.  It is for this reason that I am upgrading Metropolitan Bakery from one to three stars.

Lastly, Jim brought up an important point that I mistakenly omitted.  After I realized the mix up in the order I told the girl at the register about the mistake and refused a replacement (I didn't want to wait longer, we purposely went to a cafe instead of a restaurant.)
I gave it 4.5 stars.  This bakery is so cute and petite, and in a really nice location.  I loved the atmosphere here; it's so personable with neat decor, and the prices are pretty reasonable (at least for what I got).  I took off half a star because some items on the menu seemed kind of overpriced especially the sandwiches.  May I suggest the multigrain bagel??  It was delicious.  I haven't tried anything else but I hope to be back there soon.  Service was fine...nothing I can complain about!   A nice little shop to stop at if you want something quick and delicious.
I've walked past this place multiple times while exploring Fresh Grocer next door but didn't actually decide to go in and have a meal until this morning. Walking in, there is so much to look at - freshly baked bread, pastries, cakes, ice cream, yogurt... so many deliciously-sounding dishes to choose for breakfast and lunch. My friends and I wound up all getting some type of sandwich dish. I had the egg and mozzarella sandwich on whole wheat bread, and I was by far most impressed with the bread, surprisingly. It had a lot of texture, and you could see the whole grains used to bake it, making it feel super fresh and healthy. The sandwich itself lacked some flavor, but that wasn't something a little salt and pepper couldn't fix. My friends seemed to enjoy their dishes as well - a grilled cheese with bacon and the TGIF special egg sandwich with parmesan, tomato, and grilled onion. I think their sandwiches are just pretty top notch.

I haven't had the pastries yet, but I have heard about the day-old, half price baked goods, which seem like a really good deal. A definite must-try in the future. My most favorite part of this place is that it caters so well to vegans. I'm not vegan, but I love eating and experimenting with vegan treats and cooking. They have lots of vegan offerings (including vegan chicken noodle soup - yum!) and other foods that cater to people who may be more health conscious (the flourless cakes sound and look delicious!). I definitely will be coming back in the future, though not as often as I would like since the food is a little pricier than I would like.
Same decent selection as other Metropolitan locations, but the low rating is for the staff. Everyone I've dealt with at this location has been consistently un-friendly and pissed off. I used to work at Metropolitan years ago, and let me tell you, it's not a hard job! Boring maybe, but hard, no. Doesn't take much effort to be nice (at least not rude) to customers either. Don't know what's up with the hiring situation here... Today this older woman was particularity rude to me after I asked about a certain pastry and if they ever made it. They said no, and I said "Oh, maybe you used to make it or something..", "NEVER!" was her retort. um...okay... Why the 'tude, lady?!
While the Tom's favorite (lox, cream cheese, tomato, bagel) is great and I regularly checked out their day-old baskets for half-price goodies and breads, I decided it was time to write a review. My somewhat low rating is for business practices more than anything else, which is a shame. 

The $10 minimum might technically be against the agreement businesses have with mastercard and visa when they agree to accept credit cards. It is the business' responsibility to pay any fees associated with accepting cards, not the consumer (unless you mark up your prices to account for this, which they already seem high enough at Metropolitan). I'm not sure those 50 cent fees or "minimum 10 dollars" rules are 100% ok, and in fact you can report this to visa and mastercard and they will check in with the business. I really like supporting local businesses, but this is a bummer and a deterrent when I'm not carrying cash. 

While the vast majority of employees are genuinely pleasant, there is an older gentleman (possibly the owner or manager) who has made rude comments to me on two occasions. My husband mentioned something to me after seeing one of the encounters, I just assumed the guy was maybe having a bad day. I'm not a college kid and was polite- while I don't take offense easily it was off-putting enough to not want to go back.

If you have time and are looking for the Tom's favorite (but better and kinder)- head over to Spread Bagelry in Center City-- West Philly is getting their own location soon (Chestnut and 36th) and they carry La Colombe coffee to boot. (No credit card minimums either!)
Casual bohemian cafe featuring Metropolitan's baked goods, bistro tables and original art.   French roast coffee was delicious as were the flaky croissants.   We got there around 8 and split a delicious egg sandwich and a couple of the croissants.   The place slowly filled up with scene-sters wearing UPenn sweatshirts and peg pants purportedly working on their tablets.  By 11, they only had a few croissants remaining.   Upbeat and efficient staff.   Great place for a quick coffee
It's sad that only negative experiences inspire yelp reviews. Today's experience at Metropolitan Bakery on 40th and Walnut really irked me. I've been in and out of this place a few times over the past year. Coffee's OK, it's self serve and gets cold because they let it sit out for hours without checking on it. The staff is generally young and changes frequently. Overall, overpriced and average quality. 
I get it. I work in restaurants. Finding a restaurant in Philly that doesn't price gouge in some way is few and far between, and Penn Campus is definitely not the place to expect reasonable prices. Regardless, when I took my girlfriend in today for breakfast we were greeted with... well nothing. The older gentleman behind the counter neither greeted us nor smiled, but instead said, "I'll be with you in a minute," and turned to say something to a coworker. Cool, we're off to a great start.
My girlfriend wasn't too well versed in the menu and just asked for an egg and cheese on toast. "Well, what KIND of cheese," the man responds with, and slaps a menu in front of her. 
"Everything here is a la carte," which, for those in the cheap seats, is bulls**t speak for you're about to pay $5.00 for two eggs on toast, and then $1.50 to add cheese. I can see that this is about to go downhill quick, but having experience in restaurants as I've said, I know there are ways to save the situation. Also, smiling helps customer relations hint hint wink wink. 
Anyway, my girlfriend turns to me and expresses her displeasure at being charged over $6 for just eggs and cheese on toast. And what does this guy say. I'll give you some hints. 
It wasn't "Well, we don't outsource our bread or ingredients. It may be a little extra, but it's local and delicious I promise."
It wasn't "Well, I can see you're a first time customer. I'll make you  a deal. If you aren't satisfied I'll offer you a free cup of coffee next time you come in."
It was, "Well, YOU don't have to buy it!"
She looks at me. He continues, "and frankly, it's insulting." 
Thank god he didn't bring up their $10 credit card minimum when she paid with her card. 
Oh yea, there's a $10 credit card minimum. 
And then she paid and sat. He didn't thank her for her business, and he sure as hell didn't smile once. See, when I'm getting reamed out I at least enjoy a smile. The only desire we had after that was to leave as soon as possible, and the old man sitting, fuming, and staring at my girlfriend the whole time didn't help anything either. 
Anyway, to make a long story short, ya lost two customers, dude. I'm tired of the bougie, west coast, $10-for-avocado-on-toast BS eeking it's way into Philly. I'll stick to the real local diners where I can eat myself silly for less than ten, have a laugh with the staff, and enjoy the no credit minimums.
I live on the same block as this place so I come here quite often.

The good:
- the coffee. i LOVE LOVE LOVE the coffee here. I have never had a bad cup of coffee here, which is rare for coffee shops since it's easy to catch them at times when they haven't refilled their coffee in a while. Never had that problem with this place. Plus, you get a 25 cent discount if you bring your own mug! I also use their frequent buyer card where you get a free cup after 10 stamps.
- the breakfast sandwiches. I got an egg/cheese wrap and it was great! Nothing crazy special or too out of the ordinary but it was good.
- the vegetarian chicken salad: they had this on sample once and I'm so glad I tried it. It got me hooked! I normally never would have ordered it but thanks to the free sample, I tried it and will definitely look for it on the menu next time I go. 

The bad:
- the service. If you are trying to come here in the morning for a quick cup of coffee on your way to work or class, come here early and leave a lot of time to get to work/class. They are really slow and don't seem to realize some people come here just for the good coffee and want to get in and out as fast as possible.
- the salads. They're over-priced and really bad. This is one of the only places I have ever been to where the salad was bad. I got it with the seasoned tofu pieces, which were awful. I had one and threw out the rest. I also don't really care for the dressings here. If you're in the area, you might as well go to Sweet Green.
I've been here several times because they are just a block away from my office. Every time, it takes more than ten minutes for them to make an egg and cheese sandwich. And - each time, my overpriced sandwich is either overdone (grilled like a flank steak with grill marks) or underdone (cheese is not melted and bread is barely toasted). Then there are the eggs. I'm not sure how it's possible but the chef takes what are supposedly freshly cracked eggs and transforms them into an egg cake, that becomes coarse and chewy, with the eggs getting almost a grey tinge to them. How does someone mess up scrambled eggs? Crack, stir, season! 

In addition, the espresso drinks (in my case an Americano) and their hot chocolate are simply mediocre. They do however, have a decent tea selection. I've only had one of their pastries - lemon pound cake. It was dry and heavy, and ultimately not something I would eat again. I've also had one of their sandwiches (mozz, pesto, etc.) - ingredients are fine but execution is lacking. 

The service is, in a word, slow. The people behind the counter are friendly enough and so is the person who preps the hot food. However, no one there has a sense of urgency(read: SLOW) which in my mind translates to a lack of care/interest in the customer. 

Despite these issues, I kept going back for the entire semester but after my last overdone egg cake sandwich, I threw in the towel. I decided I can walk to the food trucks for a delicious egg banh mi, that is fresh and half the price, and always served with a smile.
Unacceptable waiting times. Poor counter logistics. Good bread but e everything else works against the customer convenience. Hire more people, please.
Quick and friendly service this morning at my first visit to Metropolitan Bakery! I ordered a seeded bagel with cream cheese to-go, and a medium iced coffee. But when I saw the size of the iced coffee for that price, I decided to pass. I'm sure it's a fine cup of coffee, but you get a better value at Dunkin around the corner!

The bagel was very good, and big! But the meager portion of cream cheese (albeit, fluffy and delicious) made me sad. A bagel like that deserves to be smothered in cream cheese!!! 

Glad I gave it a try, but for the prices I'm not sure I'll be back.
Nice Atmosphere. Cute decor, love the bathroom.
Pastries are my weekness. I mean, I LOVE PASTRIES! They have some really good, buttery ones (is this why I can't seem to lose weight? lol)

Coffee is really good but they always seem to run out and never have a backup ready to go. 

Service leaves something to be desired. It's just a counter coffee shop but I have encountered long waits while employees just stand around talking to each other and then expect a tip-sorry-not gonna happen when you take 10 mins to put my delicious buttery pastry on a plate.
I want to like this place, and I've tried so many times, but just end up disappointed. Although the 10 dollar credit card minimum drove me nuts, I got over it. But the coffee just isn't that good. It's similarly priced to other coffee places, including Starbucks. From my understanding, there isn't wifi either, which eliminated it for me as a place to do some work. I feel like I've given them many chances (I've been there at least 5 times!) but just can't get on board.
I've been MIA on yelp but what better reason to kick off my first review in like way too long while I'm just basking in the glow of this raspberry crumb bar. It's everything you want in a crumb bar - sweet, crumbly, but yet not like falling apart with each bite. From the perfect crust to ratio of raspberry and crumbly goodness on top, just knock-your-socks-off, eyes roll back in your head good. 

And that was just the sample. Of course my order included an egg and shroom breakfast  sandwich, lumberjack breakfast sandwich, a lemon bar and of course, my new other favorite, the raspberry crumb bar. 

Do yourself a favor and get one. And oh yeah - hide yo kids, hide yo wife too while ur at it....

It's good to be back, and it's good to enjoy the amazing food here at metro.
The nicest service I've received in Philly thus far. The ambiance is great - cozy, perfect for studying or getting coffee with a friend, art for sale, and no pressure to eat and leave. If only I could try everything on the menu! The vegan donut was delicious and the coffee was good and affordable. I'll be back!
I still come to the Metro to buy my morning coffee and muffin. Their half-priced baked (specialty) goods are definitely worth the price and sold out within an hour or two of their opening.

I usually opt for their Yoruban fair-trade coffee over the Mexican Chiapas, but both are medium-dark roasts with a wonderful flavor. I've tried a few more of their baked goods (not yet their sandwiches), and I honestly think their muffins are wonderful. 

Power muffin if you're looking to have a healthier, seed-studded morning. Millet muffin if you want to get your digestive tract going (also wonderful when dipped in your cup of joe). Lemon-poppy is nice and sweet, pumpkin-chocolate (seasonal) if you're looking to be a bit indulgent, double-chocolate chip if you're looking to be indulge, oatmeal-apple is just fine as is the raisin bran.

Tl;dr: no wi-fi makes Metro a great place to actually unplug and get some reading done if you want. Also, coffee + muffin combo cannot be beat.
a chain restaurant that has a 10 dollar minimum for credit cards? fuck that shit!

AND NO WIFI!!!!!!!
I have been a baker for over 16 years and trained for 3 in Paris. Though the pastries looked great I and 2 co-workers about chipped a tooth on the croissants I purchased. Im guessing the baking is done Friday and what you get Sunday is a left over. yikes!
I've been to both the University City and Reading Terminal Market locations. Also, since Metropolitan bakes bread for many of the city's hottest restaurants, I have had ample occasions to eat their home baked goodies. 

First, I love the atmosphere: a softly lit, homey place which kind of reminds me of what I think Sherlock Holmes house would have looked like (don't ask me why). It is a great place to sit and read while eating a delicious bowl of soup with a slice of their soft and chewy bread on the side. 

Their pastries are equally as delightful and their brownies are out of this world. They are perfectly chocolaty and not too soggy. Yum.
Eh, not impressed. Expensive bakery goods and a place for a couple students to sit. I'd rather go to the Freshgrocer right next door and get the chicken meal deal.

Probably best for their red velvet cupcakes when they offer them... otherwise the baguettes were too hard and I didn't like the cake.
3.5 star breakfast.

Solid bagel sandwich (3.5 stars), nice lemon poppyseed muffin (3.5 stars, slightly dry), and a fine-but-not-amazing fig bar (3 stars).  The macchiato was decent (3.5 stars) but the espresso wasn't quite as good as Capogiro one minute down the road.

I'd give the baked goods at Metropolitan another try, but would probably get my espresso fix at Capogiro first.
Pastries are legit but not as good of a selection as their location @ Rittenhouse Square.  Don't buy the drip coffee.  It's cold, old, and shouldn't be sold.
Went back here again..and got the multigrain bagel with cream cheese!  That's pretty much the only thing I can afford here.  Some people say not to even try the overpriced sandwiches so I haven't.  Also got the iced coffee which was actually stronger than I had expected.  There were so many pastries I wanted to try, but they just seem kind of expensive...I would be willing to splurge one of these days to try them though.  So many cakes of different varieties too...Mmm.  Will be back soon hopefully!
This place was right by my hotel so I got to stop by and get coffee or a snack a few times and was never disappointed!

The cashier was always very nice and attentive and answered any questions I had. I got a caramel machiado twice and it was perfect both times! I also got a chicken sandwhich and it was delicious.

I recommend this place for a quick bite or coffee and the pastries all looked amazing too!
I find that their baguettes and rolls are drier and stiffer than those offered at different bakeries.
I feel like this is more of a 3.5 for me in all honesty, but Metro is...pretty good? They offer a pretty good breakfast/lunch option in the University City area. The bread and their baked goods are very good, in my opinion. I will sometimes get their grilled cheese sandwiches for lunch.

However, I feel that it is grossly overpriced. No one wants to pay more than $7 for a grilled cheese sandwich!
If you're looking for a really yummy toasted plain bagel, this place makes 'em. Mine was perfectly toasted, and sort of a sour-dough bread that just melted in my mouth.

They have a nice selection of coffee from a couple of different Pennsylvania roasters, and switch up one of the blends each day. My favorite so far was a Mexican roast from Fonseca coffee, a local fair trade roaster.

They also have a freezer full of Little Baby's ice cream pints and sandwiches!
I stopped back in today, and everyone behind the counter was so pleasant!  What a nice change.  With the hope that it's permanent, I'm adding back two stars to my earlier, crankier review.
I often come here on Sunday mornings. It's such a cute little cafe, which pairs well with a sunday morning. The beverages are well done. The pastries are good, but not transcendental. I've also tried a breakfast sandwich and I would classify it the same way. Both feel overpriced. I'm drawn here primarily for the ambience. The couple that runs the place are also quite nice. My normal thing is a chai latte and a chocolate croissant. I'm a creature of habit, what can I say?

While credit cards are accepted, the owners prefer you don't use credit cards, as they're charged a fee when you do so. They'll probably ask you nicely to go across the street to the ATM and pay with cash.
They Microwave their Coffee!!

I use to be a big fan of this place, and went there regularly. I caught this today microwaving the coffee to heat it back up. On top of that - the manager proceeded to look at me like I was crazy when I questioned the practice.

Customers should be aware!
A nice place to grab a bite to eat.  They have breads and pastries for sale, as well as the usual espresso drinks, cold teas, and some food you can order at the counter.  I ordered the breakfast burrito (hearty but kinda flavorless) and an iced mocha (delicious!).  

Two sticking points: one of the staff members who seemed overworked gave someone the evil eye for no reason.  It happens but I don't like it when I see it!  Also, as my lunch companion and I were seating and eating, an overzealous server sprayed cleaning fluid on the table next to us so we go to inhale those nice chemical fumes for a few minutes.  Two minor events but put together add up to 3 stars. :)
No wifi? I feel like coffee shops without wifi are pretty archaic in this day and age. Bad business practice, too. Why? Bc I am a student, you are located in University City where there are millions of students, and students need wifi. So, no, you don't get my return business. I will go spend my money where I can sit and use wifi next time. You got yourself a one time customer rather than a return customer. 

On a positive note, my coffee was excellent, the homemade cherry jam was awesome, the bread was pretty ok, and the girl at the counter was very sweet. :)
Cute little bakery that's been long-standing near UPenn's campus.  Their coffee will do the trick, but it's not the best I've experienced.  

They have a variety of baked goods and I ventured out and tried a ginger scone, which was surprisingly delicious.  Sit outside if the weather is nice; otherwise, it can be a bit cramped.
I love supporting local business and eating a good danish to cure my hangover so it was a good morning this weekend when i could do both.  We wandered into the bakery and I was struck by how cute it was.  The old man behind the counter seemed to be the owner.  All of the foods has hand written labels.  I loved it.  The line was long so i trusted the food a lot more.
They were out of the Cherry Danish so I ordered a Mixed Berry with my Half&Half [begrudgingly known as an Arnold Palmer].  My husbands Bacon Egg and Cheese came with free coffee. Awesome : Mexican Free Trade coffee to be exact.
And right before I was about to enjoy the feast I had ordered I dropped my bottle on the sidewalk.  The owner gave me a new one. Love it.
And the Danish was great.  Our group was basically silent while devouring the excellent food.  
I totally loved the sign in the window that read "Breastfeeding is welcome here!"
I will go back when in Philly.
SUCH fantastically bad service, it's almost a pleasure to experience it.  And so consistently bad, you kind of have to assume it's store policy.  You get ignored in line even when you're the only person in line and there are five people behind the counter doing, very literally, nothing at all.  Then the person is mean to you taking your order (last time, the girl for no reason looked past me and took the person behind me's order, then tetchily asked me, "Do you want something too?").  Then your order, no matter how simple it is, takes forever.


Once, actually, there was a new guy who was really nice to us (he said "Oh it's your birthday?" to our friend after overhearing our conversation and put a little lit tea candle on the plate next to the slice of cake we ordered).  His superior looked on so disapprovingly, I'm almost sure he got fired.

But the bread and cakes are really good, and the space is nice, and so we keep coming back.

EDIT:  I just got a message from the independent owner of this location apologizing for my bad experiences, saying he's working hard to improve the business, and adding that he appreciates the feedback.  I'm more than happy to revise my opinion if things are actually better when I go back (as I'm sure I will, since as I said, I like the bakery items and space).  I hope they are.  Adding the update now since, for what it's worth, I do appreciate the owner caring enough to look at customer reviews and respond nicely to them.
Metropolitan Bakery is one of my favorite coffee shops in University City area. I go here so often to read/journal by myself or meet up with friends. The place is pretty small, but the atmosphere is chill and relaxing. They have a variety of baked good selections and have a quite extensive food menu for breakfast and lunch. I've had their vegetarian wraps, grilled cheese, almond croissant and multigrain bread with berry preserves. Their food isn't the best but it's simple and clean. I personally really love fruit preserves and the one they serve is so good. I think most of their rolls of bread are all fresh and tasty. I usually don't like anything sour, but I actually enjoyed their sourdough bread because it was very soft and the sourness was not unpleasantly sour. 

I do think though that their menu items are on the pricier side for the portion they offer. They also have a credit card minimum of $10 I think so you need to make sure you bring cash! 

Lastly, I'm not sure how important this may be to others, but I love love love almond croissants and I'm not too impressed with the ones from MB. Their almond croissant is huge but the bread to almond butter proportion is off - there's not enough almond butter inside so it just tastes like a regular crunchy croissant.
I was just thinking today that I have not been back in a while, and I need to pay a visit soon, because this is truly one of the best bakery / breakfast spot.

The oatmeal portion is huge! I could never finish it. The coffee is also one of the best on Penn's campus. They really pull from some of the best material for high quality food. The service is very homey and kind. However, there are lots of people coming here to catch up with old friends. It's such a positive vibe and always puts me in a good mood to start off my day this way.

If you have wanted to catch up with someone for a while, ask them to Metropolitan bakery!
I've been to the Metropolitan Cafe before but this was my worst experience here. 

The wait was ridiculously long. I waited 15 minutes to order at the cashier. After 40 minutes I asked the manager where my food was only for him to tell me that there wasn't an order in the system for me. I ended up getting a refund and walking out of there. 

The only reason I gave them 2 stars is that the manager expressed his regret and ended up giving me a voucher for the next time I go to the cafe. But I wasted an hour at that cafe and I didn't even get any food. 

Multiple customers before and after me complained as well. They're system is really inefficient. They call the orders by name and they kept on messing up while handing out people's orders. This was a disappointing experience.
I love this place. Amazing granola and yogurt and I come here weekly for their Tom's Favorite (smoked salmon bagel). Some items are a bit pricy, but it's worth it for me as it's centrally located and I've always had good service. 

It always looks busy, but I've never had to wait for a table and people clear out fairly quickly. It's a great atmosphere for either studying or a chill meeting with friends.
I love this cafe\bakery but haven't been to this locale in ages. I got bagel with veggie spread and caffe Americano. Very good!Reasonable prices, homemade breads, pastries, spreads and coffee from Fonseca. They have soup, salads, breakfast and lunch sandwiches and paninis! People are very nice and it is very clean inside. I shall return....
I love Metro!! The people are sweet and they have the funniest tip jars. The fact that they have no wifi is fantastic if you've brought a book or want to get some writing done. 

For breakfast, They have every type of bread you can think of, rye and pumpernickel and sourdough and multigrain, studded with nuts and seeds, etc. Their peanut butter is super chunky (definitely organic). They make their granola in-house, so I like to come for yogurt.

Millet muffins are extraordinary, half price bread is quality. Breakfast sandwiches are also pretty satisfying! A great place for a breakfast to welcome you to the rest of your day.
I'm not sure why I gave 4 stars last time. Anyway, it's been a year since my last visit and delicious baked goods were calling my name (especially in this temperamental weather), so I decided to make a trip to Metropolitan Bakery as my reward for exercising in the morning. I stopped by after my run and grabbed a croissant and a power muffin. I'm munching on the muffin as I am typing this, and it's a very well chosen and satisfying reward for sticking with my resolution! I would get the power muffin over millet muffin since it has millet plus a whole bunch of other goodness plus a touch of orange zest. Ask the staff what's in it, they'll let you know (it's a long list).  One of the staff called it "the kitchen sink of muffins." Well, it's a delicious kitchen sink.
If I could give a negative star I would. This place is disgrace/joke. It portrays itself as a hipster cafe (which I am not but have nothing against) but has none of the high quality items you would expect from such an establishment. 

MICROWAVED COFFEE
And possibly microwaved eggs. Very foul
Take my advice after giving these people one too many chances, go anywhere else , Macdonalds may even be better.
FIY: Kind of busy on weekends and it has a $10 credit card minimum. Also, not that much seating so either take it to go, go early, or stake out a spot.

A friend of mine and I wanted to catch up so we decided on grabbing some breakfast at Metropolitan Bakery because we live close by and it was a pretty cold day too. She had suggested it after we decided on breakfast, and I was all for it because truth be told, even though I live pretty close, I've never gone.

WHAT I GOT: Plain bagel (toasted) with veggie cream cheese

PROS: The cafe's interior, despite being a bit small and a tad too warm, was nice and cozy. The walls displayed and sold art and jewelry from different local artists and even menu looked like it was handwritten. It was cute and inviting. My friend got a multigrain bagel with cinnamon raisin cream cheese and a vegan donut on the side (chocolate hazelnut I think). The bagel I got was toasted to how I liked it and had the right amount of chewiness, though at the end it became a little harder to eat. The cream cheese was fantastic. It had actual veggie chunks in it (red onion, celery, carrots) and tasted mostly like the red onion but I didn't mind it. The chunks added a nice texture and upped the game in my opinion. It wasn't the most filling thing but it did the trick for a quick breakfast. Probably something I would get to go in the future, if I decide to come back.

CONS: There is like zero walking space in this place. The tables and chairs are packed together so tightly that getting by on your way to pick the food up and to leave is kind of difficult. The wait time to get our food was also nearing the side of ridiculous. Like seriously...for 2 bagels with cream cheese, not sure why it took them a little over 20 minutes to get to us. I can understand that for breakfast sandwiches, but seriously? Bagels? The prices for some of their food items were also a bit much. Definitely overpriced in my opinion, and these weren't even any of their vegan choices.
