When we were in Center City for a doctors appointment, we found Middle Child on yelp.  They are located right near many of the hospitals in Center City Philly. There are not many other funky options around there as you would think so it makes them stand out even more.  They have a fast casual set up.

The sandwich I ordered had a special pizzazz to it that I would not be able to make myself. It definitely hit the spot. I even had surgery on my nose a couple weeks before, but the taste still jumped out at me.  

The reason I give them five stars is because somebody actually checked up on me after I received my order To see if everything was OK. He seemed genuinely happy that I was enjoying my sandwich. I would definitely go back again.
Today I gave our Middle Child some much needed love and attention. She's new to the area, sitting in the middle of the block trying to make some friends. Really, I was hoping to eat at Oldest Child since we are more responsible, create the rules, and natural born leaders...but since I couldn't find one I decided to settle for Middle Child. Ha ha! JK! Just trying to mess with ya Middle Child! We really do love you Middle Child, just kidding.. no just kidding. LOL
OK STOOOOOOP! Mom says enough teasing!
Seriously though Middle Child is an awesome modern diner! Beautiful big counter in the middle of the shop, where you can watch the magic happen in the kitchen. Excellent menu of breakfast and lunch items! I got the hot Ham-I-am sandwich to warm me up on this cold day, and a coffee in this hip green faced cup! But I really wanted to try everything, I loved the name of the sandwiches too..The Surfer, Phoagie, So Long Sal! Fun kitchy display shelves, friendly staff.. 
if I'm back in the area and I can't find anything better, I'll visit the Middle Child again. Just kidding Middle Child, lighten up! ;) I'll be back real soon!!!!!!!
Totally diggin' it here. Perhaps they named it "Middle Child" because it's not quite as grand as a full restaurant, yet a step up from a diner. Definitely somewhere in the middle, and certainly a tad difficult to pin point. Either way, I like it! A lot!

Middle Child has that take a loaf off, relax and seek refuge from the hustle and bustle outside on the streets kind of vibe. Kinda 70's feeling to me, but with a fresh, new look. 

Counter seating, a few window barstools and a couple small bistro tables are all. Not ideal for larger parties, but our group of 5 was fine and probably the max for optimal comfort. 

It's casual pay at the counter joint with a limited, but interesting menu for breakfast and lunch only. Definitely not only vegetarian friendly, but vegan as well! Oh, and there's some really mixed matched grocery items for sale including anything from their own homemade condiments to Pocky to Bragg's Apple Cider Vinegar. A tad strange and not really one style, just like the lunch menu, but it works.  

Although there's no table service we are greeted warmly upon arrival, brought our food and had help with removing our dishes afterwards. There's a tip jar and also a place to leave gratuity if you're using their tablet to pay. 

This go we had:

Their house made dill pickles to start. For $1 a bowl, I say go for it. Perfectly sour! 

El Salador, a light kale salad (big enough to split between three) in a tangy lime vinaigrette with fresh avocado, minimal tortilla chips and pickled red onions, which I am such a huge fan of! They were given generously and perfect here. I swore I tasted a 5 spice note in the salad also. Perhaps in the dressing? Not sure, but I liked it!

Cream of tomato soup made vegan and topped with everything grilled cheese croutons (which are not vegan). Again, a plate big enough to split (between two littles). Great flavor and perfect on a chilly day. Pair that with a super cheesy grilled cheese out table ordered, and you've got yourself a classic lunch. 

I can't rave enough about the "phogie"! It was perfection! Grilled eggplant, avocado, bean sprouts, chili paste, Vietnamese fresh herb mix and pho sauce on a toasted seeded roll. Oh, and I can't forget the "frizzled" onions as they call them! They made that sammy!! This veggie hoagie was so huge and flavorful!! An absolute winner and yes, again, splittable. It had an awesome kick!! The crunch of the roll with the softness of veggie, the spice and the creamy cool avocado....Perfectly balanced. It was so good I didn't even care about braking my no white flour resolution one day into the new year! Lol. 

I also ordered the Moroccan tea which comes hot and loaded with fresh mint leave atop! It was delish and I believe sweetened! I could drink it daily! 

All and all, I was pretty impressed with my first visit and definitely want to return. Perhaps next time with the fam for breakfast! I know the kiddos would love the blintz toast and hubs enjoys simple old fashion breakfast platters which they have. 

Great new lunch spot. I can imagine it's a hit with those headed to Jefferson across the street. I also believe employees get a discount. 

 5 star for the food we had, no doubt!! 

*2 hr kiosk parking.
Although I'm no middle child, I like this one. This place has grabbed my attention on more than one occasion and today I caved. When I passed  by the earlier this morning they weren't busy and I was shocked. It's rare to not see every seat filled but hey, more for me.

Ultimately super friendly staff, great food. Great little shop whether your sitting down to have a bite to eat or grabbing something to go.
Much like a middle child, I'm not sure what to make of Middle Child. As an oldest child, I have a lot of questions. 

Is it a diner? Not really, the food is way better than your typical diner, and the menu definitely not as long (and doesn't have all the staples you'd expect). 

Is there some method to the decor? Just a lot of pics of Princess Di in an Eagles Jersey, it seems. 

Is it sit down or takeout? Both. A few small tables and some counter seating.

Is there some sort of connecting theme to the array of items sold by the cash register? Chips and Beignet mix from New Orleans,  homemade sauces, random, chocolate bars, seems to be just "things the owner likes". 

Is there a particular type of cuisine? Not really (vegetarian hoagie, masala toast, tiny Philly Style bagels, Reubens). The Phoagie (eggplant, bean sprouts, thai basil, pho sauce) is excellent and the Blintz Toast (masala and farmers cheese on potato toast) was the perfect small breakfast (and priced so cheap!) There is a soup, a breakfast sandwich and an egg platter and a few other interesting looking sandwiches too. Portions are modest (no Green Eggs or Sabrina's here) but prices reflect that.

Middle children march to the beat of their own drum, and somehow also know how to please everyone. So does Middle Child. The service is great, the food delicious, and the atmosphere feels homey and has a neighborhoody vibe. Definitely recommend!
I've gotta go with an upgrade here; Middle Child makes some bomb ass sandwiches! I've been back several times since my first visit to try the Shopsin Club. It's hard to deviate from the breakfast sandwich, which has become a favorite. The eggs are so plentiful and buttery; the cheese is oozy perfection! 

Today, I was in the neighborhood again and decided to revisit the Shopsin Club. I do believe this sandwich was better than the last time I tried it. The roll was soft and slightly crunchy; it also did not overpower the ingredients. I ordered the miso mayo on the side since I'm weird about mayo, but I found myself dipping the sandwich repeatedly because the mayo really brought the taste to another level. The pickles were calling to me so I got a side of dill and sweet mixed together. 

I arrived slightly before noon and it was already bumpin' with a ten minute or so wait. I happened to notice that there is a small selection of grab and go sammies which is a great option if you're in a rush.
After reading so many great reviews for this place, I was super excited to try out its famous sandwiches today, and it did not disappoint. We called in our order so it was ready for pick up by the time we arrived. Highly recommend doing so if you're in a rush, it was pretty busy on a weekday morning. I appreciated that they cut the sandwiches in half for take out, so perfect for sharing. 

We ordered the highly raved about breakfast sandwich, as well as the Shopsin club. The breakfast sandwich was top notch, with a perfect combination of fluffy scrambled eggs and melted cheese. I can see why people call it one of the best breakfast sandwiches in Philly. The Shopsin club was my personal favorite, packed with turkey, abundant creamy slices of avocado, and crispy bacon. The ciabatta bread was perfectly toasted and you can taste the high quality. The portions were generous and we were both full after splitting both sandwiches. 

I can't wait to come back and try more of their sandwiches! I'm still dreaming about that Shopsin club, which I know I'm going to order over and over again. It's certainly on the pricier end, but you're paying for quality and taste.
So glad I finally made it to Middle Child! I came on a Saturday around 12:30pm. It was pretty crowded, and the employee taking orders let everyone in line to order know that the wait for food would be about 30 minutes.

I got my sandwich to eat there, and it only ended up taking about 20 minutes. I ordered the Bye Felicia, which was a vegetarian take on their So Long Sal sandwich. Instead of meat, the sandwich had local squash, in addition to the normal ingredients (onion, provolone, house dressing, artichoke spread, and arugula on a Sarcone's hoagie roll.) It was delicious! The sandwich was huge with very generous fillings, so I took half home to eat for dinner. 

I can't wait to come back and try other sandwiches (my eye is on the Phoagie!)
First experience at Middle Child: yeah, I'm a fan! I walked in when I found myself in the neighborhood after another meeting nearby. The gentleman at the counter (who I believe is one of the owners) greeted me with a friendly smile and answered my questions about the menu. 

I opted for the shopsin club, to-go: turkey, bacon, lettuce, avocado, pickles and cranberry miso mayo on ciabatta. The sandwich was wrapped tightly and everything was intact when I opened it up at home. I requested the mayo on the side since I can be picky about mayo. 

The sandwich was solid. I did end up using the mayo for some added flavor, though I think I would have preferred something with more of a kick. It wasn't until the second half of the sandwich that I remembered there were pickles - they with undetectable on my first half. All around, this was a good sandwich that I've thought about again (I really love sandwiches, y'all). I'm excited to get back and try more of the menu!
Middle Child has made quite a splash in Washington Square West.  Since it has opened, it has been extremely popular and built up a loyal clientele - especially from nearby Jefferson Hospital as well as the local neighborhood.  And the staff are so friendly and helpful which adds to its appeal.  Fortunately the food is very good as well.  Their most famous sandwich is a vegan one called the Phoagie.  It consists of eggplant, bean sprouts, onions, chili paste, and pho sauce....kind of a vegan hoagie a la Vietnamese.  I added hot sauce which really brought out the flavors.  It's totally messy to eat - grab lots of serviettes (napkins) as you will need them. It's not my favorite vegan sandwich ever but I'd eat it again.  But next time I'll def try something different in this busy Center City eatery.
When we saw the Rupert Grint comment about Middle Child, it bumped it way up on our list! While we originally heard of the restaurant for their lunch sandwiches, we were also very intrigued by their breakfast options, so we wound up placing an order for brunch. The entire menu is pretty limited, which always tells me that what they do, they do well. That being said, the breakfast menu consists of just 2 sandwiches, making our decision very easy. These guys are only available on the weekends and only for a few short hours, so be sure to place your order before the time runs out! To order, you must download the Middle Child app, which is just a minor inconvenience for obtaining the food. We placed an order and received word that our food would be ready within 30 minutes, so a very quick turnaround! The shop is closed to customers, but we easily retrieved our order once we arrived. 
In terms of food, as mentioned, just 2 breakfast options - the breakfast sandwich and the Hershel sandwich - so I got the breakfast and my fiancee the Hershel, and we split. Since we had walked ~20 minutes home with the sandwiches, we expected them to be a bit soggy and less crisp as if we would have enjoyed while there. The sogginess honestly wasn't too bad, but my sandwich did lose its integrity a little bit. However, it certainly didn't compromise the taste! The OG sandwich features the most fluffy eggs I have ever had, a nice sharp cheddar, and some arugula, all in cased by potato bread. I haven't had potato bread since I was a child, so this was a nice throwback and matched well with the contents. The egg was SO good, so light and fluffy but also so substantial, and the cheese was perfectly melted as a great accompaniment. A basic, but very well done sandwich. The Hershel was definitely the star though - featuring rye bread as the base, it enclosed corned beef and that same fluffy egg, as well as the sharp cheddar. The beef stole the show and made for an unforgettable and unique sandwich. I definitely wish I also would have ordered this one! 
Overall, we really enjoyed our Middle Child breakfast experience. The eggs were the fluffiest we've had, and the flavors were very intentionally paired in both sandwiches. We can't wait to try again for lunch someday! Thanks Middle Child, and thanks Rupert Grint for re-sparking our interest!
If someone said "Middle Child" prior to today, I'd be thinking of Jan Brady and all of her sibling rivalry issues with Cindy and Marcia. But not anymore. Now I think of delicious handcrafted sandwiches in a frenetic setting. As you enter Middle Child, look at the large menu on the right and order and pay the friendly cashier to the left. He or she will get your drink order (may I suggest the eight ounce Diet Coke bottles at $2.50 a pop?). Then the fun begins. Look around quickly and try to snag a seat at the counter or one of the few small tables inside or at one of the two tables outside. If you're lucky you will find one that hasn't been snagged up by one of the many hipsters in attendance. Fortunately you have some time to find a place to sit since each sandwich is made to order. While you wait you can look at some of the food items on the wall up front  which included chocolate bars from some brand I have never heard of, Quisp cereal, Zapp's potato chips from New Orleans, and some kinda pancake mix when we were there. There is also a small selection of large books you can read. But the star of the show here at the sandwiches. They are stellar. We tried the Surfer, a turkey sandwich which was great, and the Channy Tatum, a roast beef sandwich with herby goat cheese, onion jam, salt and vinegar potato chips (yes!) and arugula on Philly Bread ciabatta, which was the bomb IMO. Totally delicious. We can't wait to come back for more great eats but we have to stop and get some new digs at Urban Outfitters so we blend in better first.
Middle Child has a cozy, authentic feel with quality food at a great price. Definitely recommend.
First rate in every way. Have a GF friend . She had the homemade lox. Said the GF bread was super good. I had the Hershel Walker , homemade short rib corned beef, fluffy eggs, Cooper sharp. My wife had the standard breakfast. Sausage toast eggs. Every thing was great. Coffee was super! Was just reviewed in the Inquire . Owner was great so was everyone and everything. Great quality and value. I can't wait to go back.
Warning: everything here is extremely yummy. Highly recommend the egg sandwiches and the hash browns. Great lunch sandwiches too. Really nice staff as well. Can get busy though on the weekends. Also, I'm a middle child and so I'm a little biased
(to the tune of "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing" by Aerosmith)

I could go nearby, get something cheap at Wendy's.
But the taste, it just cant compete,
With the sandwiches I will eat.
I could get takeout, but I'd just miss the good times
Love Middle Child (except when there are long lines)...
Every visit I make here, got me feeling oh-so-fine!

I don't wanna drop a crumb
I don't wanna skip a bite
'cause I'd miss that sammy, 
The one I think about day and night....

'Cause even while I write this song
I can't stop thinking of the Sal (So Long)
Yes, I miss these sammies...
(And the candy at the front is tight).

This day, 20 years ago, that song was at the top of the charts. And, much like the sammies at Middle Child, it's timeless. 

This spot gives off great diner vibes, complete with bright colors, counter service, and condiment holders. While I don't think the gluten free bread I taste on my friend's sammy is too good ( honestly, I haven't found any that are great), literally every other bite had me licking my lips and craving more. 

I wish they offered fries, but I dig the pickle side a lot. It's small, but when you manage to get a seat, you feel like you'd like to stay forever. MAJOR bonus to whoever put the sour patch watermelon at the front. So clutch.
Middle Child is exactly what the Philly food scene has been missing in the last few years-- fast, casual, but gourmet sandwiches without the mediocre chain-restaurant options 

The food is FANTASTIC. Everything I've either tried is beyond delicious. Even the "classics" are done with more finesse and just a touch different to make their sandwiches memorable and finger lickin' good!!!

So why the 3-stars? 

There are definite issues with their food handling standards and practices. As I sat at the bar awaiting my order, I noticed their workers consistently touching the trashcans and then the food, without washing their hands or wearing gloves. I saw workers cooking food and sneaking bites of food for themselves. Workers would make sandwiches, lean over to go to grab more ingredients and have their dirty apron squish over a person's order on the counter. All of these things happened over and over again during the 45 mins that my friend and I waited for our order. 

Additionally, while they are extremely busy and the waits can be long... sometimes they substitute different breads or ingredients when they've run out without asking or consulting the customer. I could see this potentially causing issues with food allergies or general complaints from customers for not getting exactly what they ordered... For example, we ordered the Reuben, but we received it without the rye bread. While it was still really good, it was missing that distinct taste. 

So, yes, I'll probably be back again in the future because the food was good. I just really wish they practice safer food handling, even their health score on yelp isn't stellar either. Quality over quantity, right?
Really an excellent breakfast sandwich.

I ordered the Hershel walker. It came with fall apart pastrami, juicy and cheesy eggs, and a massive portion size.

I very much enjoyed this sandwich.
If you want a top of the line Breakfast Sandwich this is the place to be. Middlechild is slinging out one or two or three or four of the absolute best breakfast sandwiches in town.
The establishment has a great vibe and is very clean and comfortable. 
The staff is very friendly and professional and very courteous. 
The decor is modern and very inviting. 
I ordered the Herschel Walker it had a copious amount of eggs and short rib brisket and it was huge and delicious. 
The prices are very reasonable for the breakfast sandwiches. I can not wait to go back and sniff around to see what else they are offering. I really, really like this place. I would definitely recommend giving them a whirl for a very nice breakfast you will not be disappointed.
As I was dog-walking in the area, I walked past this new restaurant, read the cool article and raving reviews about it online and decided I had to check it out!  It was early and I was hungry for breakfast...

Everyone here is super friendly, cute shop!  I got creative and tried sausage and hash browns on a mini bagel, a little bit creative but really delicious!  Everyone asked me how I liked my food and I really loved it!  It was hot off the grill, mouthwatering, yummy, delicious cheat on my diet!  The orange juice was fresh squeezed too!  I'm thinking of buying some granola to bring home too.  I've found my new breakfast spot!  They accept Square and are conveniently located.  

Really glad Middle Child is here!
Not only does the food live up to the hype, but the people who work here are what sets it apart. I came here for brunch with two girlfriends and we were lucky enough to grab a table in the small seating area. We got two breakfast sandwiches and a phoagie. Everything was amazing and very flavorful. All the sandwiches are pretty large, so they're perfect for sharing/stealing bites (my favorite thing to do). 

What made it a completely five-star experience was that I asked for decaf coffee, which they don't serve. They were super chill about it and told me to just run down the street and grab one from their friends at Greenstreet Coffee while I wait for my sandwich. I run into this problem at a lot of breakfast places that serve local coffee, but rarely do they try to offer me helpful solutions (especially ones that don't make them money). Thanks, guys, for being all-around supportive!
"Eh, menu looks simple and I'm not a sandwich person ... ew carbs." 

That was me until Middle Child proved me wrong!

The cute smileyface signage is easy to miss, so keep your sleepy eyes open! The bright diner/deli atmosphere is relaxed and welcoming, and the menu board of tasty options and specials ... pleasantly overwhelming!

As everything looked yummy, the staff recommended the Breakfast sandwich. Alas, eggs weren't eggciting (hah!) me that day, and I wanted to save half my sandwich for lunch - so I went with the So Long Sal (but dang, Court Street's Reuben looked really enticing).

They prep everything with care, so it took several minutes for my order.  But no worries - there's a pantry shelf along one wall with fun snacks to check out and good reading material to peruse (hello, The Food Lab!).

As I was alone, I opted to sit at the front counter - which was quieter, had more light, and a nice view - instead of joining the crush at the table seating.

I took a bite. Holy snickerdoodles - all the elements went deliciously well with each other - even the arugula that I was eyeing with suspicion.

It took a lot of concentration to eat like a civilized human being instead of coneheading and consuming mass quantities.

I'll definitely be back with reinforcements (aka spouse). :)
I am OBSESSED! From the second I walked through the door, I knew I was in for an incredible experience. 

The space is bright with splashes of green throughout. If you stop by during the weekend, prepare for a crowd. Middle Child at mid day is bustling in an organized chaos sort of way. 

This restaurant does sandwiches RIGHT. No, seriously. The Shopsin Club, served with turkey, bacon, avo, blueberry miso mayo, and lettuce, was likely the best sammie I've tasted in years. 

If that's not enough, the level of service here should do the trick. Dan, who took orders behind the counter, made a point to make every diner he interacted with feel right at home. After my meal, I decided to purchase one of the classic MC totes (bc restaurant merch is cool idk). As I approached the counter, Dan, remembering my name, asked, "Whitney, how was your meal...you had the Shopsin right? You've gotta come back to try our egg sandwich too. You'll love it!" Keep in mind, this was my very first time dining here. 

I'll be sure to return. This is the kind of neighborhood restaurant we should all make a point to support!
I mean. Let's be real. You already know it's phenomenal. You probably also already know that on a weekday at noon you're gonna have to wait 20 mins for your sandwich if you don't call ahead. You might not know that their pickles are outrageously good. Pretty sure they make em in house. I got the Reuben. I'm a bit of a Reuben fanatic, and I've had em most places in the city. (Including a vegan one even). Sandwiches will never be the same after today. It was one of the best sandwiches I've had in a long time, and though it was $12, if I were a person with self-control it could've been eaten in two meals. But I'm certainly not a person with self-control, especially not at Middle Child. *insert J. Cole lyric* Just. Wow.
If you are gluten free you need to stop reading this right now and go to Middle Child. Seriously. Right now. If you're not gluten free you may continue.....

This place is RIDICULOUSLY good. For a person who doesn't typically care for sandwiches or turkey, I am in love with their Shopsin sandwich. The turkey is suuuuper moist, the bacon is plentiful and crispy, the sauce is creamy, the...I don't even know what's in here and I don't even care. Just eat it. Trust. 

All of their sandwiches are filled to the brim with yummy yum yums. (Please feel free to substitute whatever you like with "yummy yum yums").

Aside from the sandwiches, this place has pickle chips. At first I was all..."ew. Pickle chips?" And then my wife was like "mmm pickle chips." So I tried them and now I'm all like "yea, you were right....(as usual)." They also have Pocky, which I don't even need to say anything about because everyone who is anyone knows about and appreciates Pocky. They have a few other random snacks and kitchy things to check out as well while you're waiting on line. Oh and yes, if you're coming anytime near lunchtime, be prepared to wait on line. But it's not even a thing. This place is fast and worth every moment of your time. 

But those sandwiches must be expensive if you're telling me they're so damn good, no? Do you want a garbage sandwich? If you want a garbage sandwich, you're going to pay for a garbage sandwich. This place is giving you EVERYTHING you could ask for with a smile on their faces. So yes, just give them your money. They want $464.52 for bread and stuff in between? Just sell all your possessions and give them your profits. You didn't really want that diamond that was passed on for the last 68 generations. Wait, you want to eat diamonds now? That's gross and probably painful. Also, why are you still here? Go get yourself a damn sandwich already!
Ho boy. We were in town for two days and came here on a whim on the 4th of July. It was tiny, packed, and it smelled like warm bread and cheese... a.k.a "heaven." We ordered our sandwiches and sort of split them amongst everyone so we could try a bunch. Without a doubt everyone loved the Phoagie, their vegan offering, and the Surfer. On their website they let you know that their ciabatta takes two days to make and seeing as we got the last one on the holiday, I treasured it like the piece of bread-gold that it was. 

TLDR; visited Philly for two days, came back before leaving on the second day for a breakfast sandwich it was *that* good.
Slowly and delightfully making my through their whole menu. As a self-proclaimed "sandwich guy" there are a few baseline requirements to win my full support: excellent bread (yes); sound construction (definitely; these guys hand craft with LOVE); and excellent/unexpected condiment enhancements (hoison? miso? masala jam? yup.).

This is a great spot to grab breakfast or lunch- would highly recommend the So Long Sal, which tastes exactly like an italian sub should but has some fun twists; the Surfer; and the Pho-gie. They're also really quick with a helpful suggestion if the options are just too much to handle.
Middle child is excellent. Let's start this review with that obvious note. 

I've been here twice and grabbed the Herschel Waker and will highly recommend it to you as your breakfast sandwich. It has corned beef, fluffy eggs, and cooper cheese on buttery, toasted rye bread. Rye bread was the perfect choice to compliment the other ingredients here because of its sturdiness and taste. The sandwich turns out nice and cheesy and the corned beef is just the right amount of salty. 

I didn't dine here however I will say that stepping through those doors into Middle Child is a transportation to a very trippy world. Everything from the cooks' attitudes, their apparel, the trippy music they play (Ghost Town by The Specials), the layout of the diner, and the selection of items they have for sale in their pantry make for a fun 1950s America vibe. Your meals here will not just be satisfying your stomach but will culminate in a whole experience.

I was here on a Saturday and a Sunday morning around 8 a.m. both times and I was quite impressed by the lack of people there. This gives it the vibe of a local hideaway. I live by Rittenhouse Square and the lack of people is a very nice contrast to what I see at Spread Bagelry for example. By 8:30 a.m. on the weekend at Spread there will be lines out the door for mediocre bagels. In Middle Child I found my new Sunday breakfast place after a hospital night shift. Be sure to take a look at the photos I included with my review as I feel they capture the trippy 1950s essence of Middle Child.
Stopped in for breakfast and was not disappointed. Will probably be a stop every time I'm in Philly. Counter service, some seating (but it's pretty small), delicious sandos. Wanted to try a couple things, so went with the grilled cheese and the herschel waker (eggs, short rib corned beef, sharp american). 

Sandwiches were bomb. The herschel is huge, lots of corned beef and a mound of fluffy eggs. The grilled cheese is so cheesy and delicious, perfect crisp texture on the outside and some of the cheese melts and fries on the grill which is amazing. Was pretty much useless after this breakfast but it was worth it. Will be back to try lunch.
Vibes: cutesy, bright, casual, open kitchen, family-friendly, quirky (interesting inventory on their shelves, including bottles of sambal olek and apple cider vinegar, boxes of cafe du monde beignet mix, and giant canisters of big pretzels)

Tasting notes:
Breakfast sando with bacon: fluffy, creamy scrambled eggs with bursts of cheese flanked by beds of fresh arugula and, in my case, chewy, just-right crispy bacon, served up between griddled potato toast slices. 

Will be back for: the kind staff, the enticing pastries chilling on the counter, the lunch sandwiches!

Tip: Jefferson deal is 2-dollar Elixr coffee, any size!
tl;dr a hip sandwich shop serving up sophisticated breakfast items and deli fare

Across the street from Jefferson, Middle Child feels out of place amongst a sea of chain restaurants. But, the perfect balance upscale and casual ensures that Middle Child stays busy from 7AM until they begin running out of ingredients.

This innovate delicatessen pays homage to nosheries of the past, with its black-and-white menu board and throwback photography. The whitewashed tin ceilings and walls, with bright green accents, keep the restaurant bright and friendly. A short counter is at the front of the restaurant, and a handful of counter seats and tables are available toward the back. Loud 60s music buzzes amongst chatter, as the employees laugh amongst each other and patrons. Middle Child feels somewhat like the tale of two restaurants: breakfast and lunch. The early bird line for breakfast is nonexistent, although a consistent trickle of customers makes their way in to grab food and coffee to-go. In stark contrast, the midday queue may trail out the door, as patrons pile like sardines around the restaurant while waiting for their orders. But at all times, the aromas of fresh ingredients swirl around the space, leaving your mouth watering as you anxiously await your name to be called.

For breakfast, I tried the Herschel Waker sandwich, highlighted by fluffy scrambled eggs, Cooper sharp American, and short-rib corned beef and a buttery, toasted rye. With arguably the fluffiest eggs ever complemented by a piquant corned beef and surprisingly robust rye, this hearty sandwich puts its food truck contemporaries to shame but still will stick to your ribs throughout the day.

For lunch, I opted for their Shopsin Club. Now, I know what you're thinking -- how good can a turkey club possibly be? Well, this sandwich is stuffed with a brick of meat, topped with several strips of crisp bacon, and slathered in a delicious miso mayo. The pickles add some extra zing and the avocado keeps gives a hearty freshness. I'll admit that I found the lettuce superfluous, yet this sandwich was paradoxically comforting and sophisticated at the same time. Also, make sure to get a side of pickles -- if it's your first time, I'd recommend going half-and-half between the sour and sweet options.

My only gripe with Middle Child is the prices; with breakfast sitting at nearly $10 and lunch nearing $15, I can't help but feel swindled after ordering. But the generous portions and tasty options, Middle Child is a no-brainer when you're around the area.
BEST SANDWICH IN PHILADELPHIA.
hands down.
and trust me, im a sammich connoisseur. all i do is eat sandwiches, make extra af sandwiches at home, indulge in sandwiches, etc. 

first time here after seeing all the reviews on a hot september weekday. line wasn't long but the restaurant was definitely full. i know that most of the reviews are saying the breakfast sandwiches are where it's at, but honestly i'm not a big breakfast person or a breakfast sandwich person.  so i asked for recommendations. went with:

THE SURFER
Turkey, swiss, blueberry-masala jam, arugula, mayo, Philly Bread ciabatta

i literally want nothing else. its so effing good.

PROTIP for those with smaller stomachs, you can eat 1/2 of it there and ask them to bag up the other 1/2 to go.
I was in the area and this place came up on Yelp for breakfast sandwiches so I came here on a Saturday morning. They don't take walk in orders and you have to place an order on their website and then they'll tell you approximately how long before you go and pick up. I wish they did phone order because you have to make an account to order on their website. I got the phoagie and the make your own egg sandwich and added avocado. The phoagie (~$12) was meh. The avocado and the bread was the only good part. The eggplant is cold and drenched in too much sauce making the sandwich very salty. The egg sandwich had fluffy eggs and the bread was perfectly toasted giving it that crunch. It was also oozing with cheese!
We ended up in PA for a quick weekend trip & came here for lunch , after looking at places for a quick bite. 
I had the Shops in club sandwich , wow it was delicious the combo of the turkey, bacon & avocado in this tasted soooo good nice toasted ciabatta bread lordddd just put it over the top. 
Hubby had the So Long sal , another delicious sandwich! Salami , prosciutto artichoke spread Very good combo as well ... also grabbed a bag of chips the buttermilk nice addition. 
Cute small place , service was quick good prices the sandwiches were amazing & definitely worth a try.
I'll start this review by saying I am not a big sandwich guy - something about bread overpowering what's between the bread just makes no sense to me. If you've found yourself on this page, chances are you definitely disagree with me. Nonetheless, I might not be a big sandwich guy, but Middle Child makes me want to be.

Ordered pickup on their website midweek around lunchtime. Went with a Court Street's Reuben on a hoagie and a Baller Classic on a hoagie. The wait wasn't too long, and their website time estimate was on point for pickup which was really helpful for planning my arrival. One suggestion - plan ahead when you order - this is a VERY popular and busy shop that has been kicking butt during covid! Even if the wait time is longer than you expected - it is worth every second. I knew that I wanted my food in 45 mins to an hour, so I ordered accordingly. There have also been days where they temporarily turn off online ordering because they're swamped - check back on their website periodically or check their Instagram story for updates! A little planning goes a long way!!

Now for the food - the reuben was without a doubt the best reuben I've ever had - the short rib corned beef was INSANE, and the kraut, sauce, and cheese were perfect. The Baller was also great - something about the combo of mayo, pickles, and red onions made it extra special.

Super excited I was finally able to get takeout from MC and will definitely do so again soon. Next time, I'm looking forward to their egg sandwiches!
Overall Value:  Best sandwiches I have had in Philly so far.  Really high quality ingredients and everything is super fresh.  Some of the sandwiches can get a bit pricey at $11, but they are packed and can almost feed two normal people (or one of me). 

The Food: We got the So Long Sal ($11 - salami, prosciutto, sharp provolone, artichoke spread, arugula,  etc. on a hoagie roll) and the Court's Street Reuben ($11 - short rib corned beef.  It can also come in turkey, but that is crazy talk.)  I've had a few other things on the menu from my other visits, and so long as you aren't counting calories, these two are definitely my favorite.  The So Long Sal should be up there for best sandwich in Philly.  The combo of Italian meats with the artichoke spread and dressing combines for the perfect flavor, and the hoagie rolls they use are from Sarcone's - some of the best, freshest bread you can get.  The Reuben normally comes on rye, but they ran out so it also came out on a hoagie.  Great flavor, neck and neck with Herschel's in terms of quality.  Both sandwiches are monsters, and I guarantee you will not be leaving hungry.  I also really respect that they use only fresh ingredients - i.e., when they run out of bread for the day, they are out.  Oh and they have Zapp's chips (so much better than Herr's!)

Space and pace: It's got a small diner vibe, which I love.  You can also see the food being made on the line, which I also like.  They bring out food to you, but there is a self-serve area for water, napkins, etc. and for disposing your plates.  The inside is relatively small and can fill up because it gets busy around lunch time, so probably not a great spot for larger groups unless you are taking it to go.  But perfect for a small group.   I would also suggest calling ahead with your order, because the sandwiches can take 10-ish minutes or so.  Also, they close at 3pm and often start running out of ingredients before that, so I would probably recommend not going at like 2:45pm.  

Service: Super friendly every time I have been in, and really helpful if you have any questions/substitution requests.
Currently due to COVID you must order online. The employee was extremely kind and asked us what we were ordering so he could get started on it. 
1st sandwich: Turkey Club 
They don't skimp on the turkey slices, great flavor, and soft hoagie bread. 
2nd sandwich: Phoagie
I tried this one because I love the concept! It is literally a bowl of pho in a sandwich. This one is vegan and has mushrooms instead of meat. 
Overall, I would be back to try other sandwiches. I would order sauce on the side next time or light sauce.
What better way to start the day than making a quick (parking not included) stop by @middlechildphiladelphia for a snacky snack.

The Middle Child & that Breakfast Sandwich  that's Arugula you see that's making the sandwich POP Awf and WHEW! Did it ever?! Now, if I would have stuck with my decision to add avocado. It would have been over for y'all! 

Their customer service was spot on. Whoever helped me with my order even asked me what I had planned for my day. Which kind of threw me a for a loop. Typically, people ask how you are for the day? They wished safe travels on the journey back to VA. Which was very thoughtful.

The timeliness of the preparation wasn't bad either. It took about 10 minutes for my Breakfast Sandwich. Worth it!
I know Yelp will want a longer review but I'll make it just this. Go here and eat these sandwiches. They are all incredible and you can't pick a bad sandwich. You can't even pick a mediocre sandwich. It is only BEST IN CLASS. Word on the street is they are opening a "sister" location. 

Today we had the So Long Sal!, The Surfer, and The Phoagie. They were all spot on. 

Come here. Eat anything. Love everything.
i've heard great things about this place (especially their breakfast sandwiches) so i had to give it a try!

just a note.... the day i decided to come in for a sandwich there was also a break in the night before with their glass door smashes. when i came in (hoping it would still be open) it was as if nothing had happened! business was happening as usual and the door was already fixed! kudos to the team for carrying themselves with grace for this!

service was attentive and nice, the actual store was pretty cute! loved all the random snacks they had and the seating wasn't too much but we found a table just fine; most people must just do take out

SHOPSIN CLUB: this was delicious! i love all the different textures; the turkey, the pickles and the bread were amazing. the turkey quality is insane, it's like fresh thanksgiving turkey

GRILLED CHEESE: this was yummy, a little burnt but that's how i like it! it went perfectly well with the delicious tomato soup they had

1000 MEATBALLS: this was probably my least favorite sandwich. it was way too heavy for me, i needed something in there to cut that heaviness. more cranberry was definitely more needed

i stlil need to try their legendary breakfast sandwich but so far, ME LIKEY :)
Middle child is giving me a big middle. But it is totally worth it. 

You know what else has a fat middle? Their amazing breakfast sammiches. Think soft, pillowy egg enrobed in oozy savory cheese...studded with spicy snappy sausage (if you get this add on, which I highly recommend) and punctuated by fresh peppery arugula, all tucked between two sturdy slices of crispy buttery bread. 

I always want to try the other sandwiches (all posted on a large board, with rotating specials!) but every time I stop in, I cannot resist getting the breakfast sandwich...with the different add ons including avocado and bacon, the possibilities are endless! 

They have a shelf of really excellent cookbooks too for your perusal while awaiting your food. 

Finally for those who work at Jefferson there is a $2 coffee special! Love this spot...it is not so bad to be stuck in the middle.
The Shopsin might be the best sandwich I've ever had....it is more than the sum of its parts witb perfectly toasted ciabatta and the cranberry-miso mayo honestly elevates that sandwich to new heights.

All their offerings are tasty - but I always end up thinking of the Shopsin.
I just went to Middle Child for the first time this morning. I woke up late and needed a breakfast sandwich. There aren't a ton of solid options in Market East for breakfast but Middle Child kept tugging at my brain after seeing their massive egg sandwiches on social media.

I walk in and the place is super cute. Trendy, a little grocery area, fun music playing at 8am. To be honest being in there woke me up a little (in a good way) before having my morning coffee. I ordered their breakfast sandwich and added bacon and a hashbrown on it.

I sat down to wait and it was ready in 5 minutes. I said my thank yous and cradled that lil sandwich like it was my first born child as I sprinted to work to swallow it whole.

I ripped it open at my desk and... oh. my. god. The biggest, most beautiful breakfast sandwich I had ever seen. Y'all know how terrifying it is to open up a breakfast sandwich and see a little dinky egg that was microwaved plopped onto a bagel. Nope. Not this sandwich. This sandwich made up for every overpriced rubbery breakfast sandwich in my life.

The egg ratio was amazing. The cheese was melty and gooey and all over the place. The bacon was crispy. The hashbrown was flavorful. The bread was a mess and I loved it.

Please go here. Give these people your money. They know what they are doing. They are doing it well. I can't wait to go back.
The food here is great! The service-not so much. I work at one of the surrounding hospitals and called ahead of time to order a sandwich for lunch. Problem was is that no one answered the phone after I called twice. So I figured I would walk over since it's only a block away, and when I arrived there were only 2-3 people in front of me, so I decided to wait to order since I have really been meaning to try this place. The girl at the counter was not attentive and did not prioritize the people in line, which quickly lead out the door and down the block. She would talk to her co-workers and take other guests requests as we waited patiently in line, watching her tend to others who walked up to the counter. After 20 minutes, I decided to call while standing in line. I watched the phone ring, and still no one answered. Meanwhile, they had music blasting, so honestly it's not surprising they didn't hear the phone ring. When I finally reached the counter to order, the girl then noticed the phone ring and told me to hold on as she had to take the order on the phone. I proceeded to show her on my phone when I called and how no one answered. Didn't really receive any apology, and she stated that it was hard to hear the phone due to the music. I was told if I wanted my food faster I could dine in. I explained that I was on break from working at the hospital and that that was not an option, hence why I tried called ahead. 

I have never called a place for take out to have the phone go unanswered. Do you want my business or not? I will not be back unless they hire a more attentive staff.
Visited for brunch with a friend on a random Sunday. Decently good sandwiches at a reasonable price. Waiting staff was super nice and it didn't take as long as I expected to get my food pour provided that they were pretty busy. Pretty much my only qualm with the place is that it isn't quite big enough for the crowd it gathers (which can be construed as a good thing in all honesty). The line was out the door, and there wasn't very much seating, which obviously is a bad thing for customers but is good for business because it means they're busy and probably for a reason ‍

Food was good -- nothing worth freaking out about but my friend and I had no complaints. And it's more filling than you'd expect.

All in all, it's not a bad vibe, but with Philly food scene, I'm sure I can find it some competition.
So glad my friend suggested to get breakfast at middle child. I was skeptical at first because I typically go for pancakes, French toast, and all the other sweet option that breakfast has to offer rather than a sandwich. But I was very impressed with my experience.

I got the regular breakfast sandwich, which seemed to be the popular option, and it was one of the best breakfast sandwich I have ever tasted. I did add some condiments to it, but it was nicely packed and full. Also, I ordered an Apple slice cake and the homemade orange juice which were also very good.
Since we went on a Saturday morning, it was very packed, but we were very lucky in finding a seat that accommodated four. 

They also sell very unique food items on the wall, so I would like to come back and try some of their chocolate.
It was a cold day following a snow storm and the office was closed. I had finished watching the new Will Smith movie on Netflix and I needed a hot meal because there were no groceries in the fridge. I had walked past Middle Child a dozen times as my fiancée works at Jefferson. I logged into Yelp and looked over their menu. Reuben. I began to imagine how delicious that would be on a cold day. I made the quick walk over and walked into a nicely decorated, warm and open restaurant. I love the setup. I ordered at the register and the friendly guy who took my order comped me some pickles. The Reuben came out a few minutes later and DAMN it was good! It tasted fresh, the bread toasted to perfection and the "CSG sawce" put it all together. A purely delicious sandwich. Period. I'm excited to have Middle Child in the neighborhood and looking forward to trying breakfast. I also inquired about their gluten free bread and it reportedly comes all the way from Long Island City.
One word: yum! 

I have been wanting to go here for a while and just happened to be in the area. The place is small inside. Most people seem to take out or even call ahead and pick up but there are about 10 seats at the bar and a few tables to sit at. You order up front at the counter I was planning on taking my breakfast sandwich to go since they were packed and no seats were available but after waiting 15min or so one opened up at the counter so I grabbed it! The employee also did not mind I changed my order. 

The vibe there is energetic and fun! The music is awesome too. Even the employees looked like they were having fun even though they were quickly making sandwiches for a bunch orders. Sitting at the counter I realized they had a great system down on how to prep all the sandwiches in such a small area. It was also fun just to watch. 

I got the standard breakfast sandwich on the menu with pork roll. They definitely do not skimp on the meat or egg as seem in my photo attached! The eggs were buttery, fluffy and full of flavor. I think if you are concerned about it being too much egg it really isn't. They are more fluffy than anything. The sharp cooper American was creamy but love the twist on a classic american cheese. The arugula was interesting in the sandwich because arugula has such a strong distinct flavor I thought it would be distracting to the rest of the sandwich but definitely was not. And of course you can't forget the bread. Which was amazing!! It is on Philly Pullman potato bread and toasted to buttery perfection! They actually ran out and I was able to get one of the last sandwiches made with the bread that day. They do have a rye or wheat as an alternative. 

Definitely will be back to try another sandwich!
Probably hands down the best place in Philadelphia for breakfast! Fluffy eggs, great bread, amazing hash browns, delicious cold brew, and creative combinations (grilled cheese sandwich grilled using everything bagel seasoning!!!). You can easily get a great meal here for $10!

The ambiance is warm and welcoming, with all the food made to order, waiting for your hot and fresh food is a welcomed escape in your day!
Couldn't wait to try this new spot, breakfast is my favorite meal! Tried the breakfast platter, very good! The scrambled eggs were some of the best I've ever had (and I'm not typically a scrambled person). Now here's the skinny:  absolutely adorable decor, very cute. There are outlets under the counter top so I guess you could order some coffee a snack and plug in. There's a small bench/ table seating area along with another small area up front. Not a lot of seating but very cute. The owner ( I think) was super friendly and his personality adds to a great experience. The food was very fresh tasting and the platter was portioned nicely for the price ($8.50 with meat). I was treated to a free piece of a yummy chocolate cake, which was really nice! It's definitely a GO TRY..
Visitors to Philly for the first time. Since we're both middle children, we thought we'd give it a whirl. Absolutely, one of the best dining choices we made during our stay. The service was great and people really engaging and friendly. The food??? Even better than the folks here (I'm taking a break from my Blintz Toast as I write this.) We were here for breakfast and feel ready for the day. A definite must for breakfast or lunch.
Maybe I went on the wrong day, but I was underwhelmed with Middle Child. I stopped by on a Saturday for a takeout breakfast sandwich and was told it would be about a 25 minute wait because of how busy it was. I was totally fine with this.

I ordered a breakfast sandwich off their menu. They were out of potato rolls (what it's supposed to come on) so I went with oat toast.

When I finally got my sandwich, 45 minutes later, it was laden with grease. I'm assuming they butter the toast on both sides before toasting, and I really wasn't a fan. The eggs were decent but a little on the salty side. And, the cooper sharp was served in an overwhelming amount.

Honestly, I'd try this place again but won't go near that breakfast sandwich. Maybe something else ok the menu is better?
Oh Middle Child. You are a strange mix of things and trying VERY hard to stand out in a city full of higher end and driven "first child" restaurants and fast casual relaxed "youngest child" restaurants, which suits the name and the attitude of this diner/café very well. P. and I have tried this place 2xs now and both times have had a very strange and not exactly pleasant experience. While the sandwiches are VERY good, particularly the surfer (turkey with mayo, a masala chutney, and cheese on a crunchy ciabatta) and the breakfast sandwich (either bacon or sausage are good), the ordering process is the WORST. The cashier and, I am assuming owner of the place, was the person we placed our orders with every time. He takes a VERY long time to put in an order to the point where I considered just saying never mind and getting a sandwich anywhere else due to being distracted or having in depth conversations with the other employees while customers are uncomfortably waiting to place their orders. One particular rainy visit, after being asked what I'd like to order, the cashier stopped me mid-sentence and said "sorry I was just really distracted by the rain, isn't the rain just so beautiful?". Yea guy its great, but can I just finish my order, especially with this growing line of people behind me? There isn't a ton of seating aside from the bar, which does have outlets at each seat - a nice touch for people bring their laptops - so when you are waiting for your takeout order, it becomes a little awkward. This would not be a problem if your order only took 10-15 minutes, which i think is standard for a sandwich that other than toasting is just being layered with prepped ingredients. But every time I've come in, it has taken well over 30 mins to get 1 sandwich in a restaurant where the only other people in the place had already received their orders and were eating. I don't even want to know how long it would take to get your order while dining in. I just think that this place is too small and has about 4 people on staff every time I've visited to be taking that long to make a sandwich. There's no way that sandwich costs enough to cover the half hour of wages for the 3 people working on making it for me. I think the third time is the charm for me and I will not being returning, no matter how good the sandwich is, because I can't be bothered with someone playing "restaurant" when I all want is some lunch.
I've been here a few times and have loved everything I've ordered. Middle Child is a favorite amongst a few of my coworkers and myself. This includes the Phoagie, Surfer, and Reuben. All of their sandwiches have unique flavors and interesting ingredients. The portion sizes are pretty big, so you definitely won't be hungry after.

The shop itself is cute with a lot of retro stuff on the walls and random things to buy. I've only done takeout, so I don't know much about the service.

Definitely call ahead to order, because the wait can be a bit long. This will save you a ton of time.

Averaging $10-12 for lunch. I definitely want to try their homemade hot sauce soon!
After browsing for brunch options for our visit to Philly, I was drawn to the scrumptious looking sandwiches at Middle Child. We stopped in for a quick breakfast before our tourist activities for the day commenced. I don't know what type of sorcery they know to get this thick slab of egg into their breakfast sandwiches, but consider me impressed. It's just a small diner, so there wasn't a ton of seating available. Luckily a spot cleared out and we grabbed a table otherwise we would have just taken it to-go. 

We split the breakfast sandwich and added bacon to it, which was a great decision. The second sandwich we split was the Reuben breakfast sandwich, and that was a unexpected breakfast option but we both enjoyed it. I don't think I'd choose the Reuben over the traditional sandwich, because I'm more of a traditionalist when it comes to breakfast. One sandwich is definitely going to fill you up, and I definitely tasted the freshness of the ingredients as well. 

Go check it out for a great sandwich, breakfast or lunch!
Whoooooa!!!!!   A little lunch counter or  a diner like place with crazy good food.  Great folks cooking and running the counter.   The PHOAGIE is among the best sandwiches I've had.  Eggplant with ban mi feel. Vegan and I'm not vegan but wow.  The egg sandwich  Was fluffy and scrumptious.

Go!!!!!!!
The best breakfast sandwich. It did not disappoint at all! Make sure to add hash browns and avocado it is beyond worth it! Takes awhile so order in advance and pick up and go.
The phoagie totally lived up to the hype. This sandwich was so good. I'd choose it over meat any day. 

The reuben was fine, but there's no reason to order anything but the phoagie, in my opinion. 

Order ahead online and know allow yourself some wait time.
Poppin sandwich spot in center city!

Quick in & out approach (minimal seating - average wait during peak breakfast time is like 25/30 minutes.

Menu is great, could have a little more diverse/adventurous options. The Shopsin Club sandwich is on another level, as well as So Long Sal (get the special - "bye Fleicia" - veggie version.)

Being in the restaurant is like stepping in a time machine inside - 60's/70's theme & store products.
BEST EGGS IVE EVER HAD OUTSIDE OF MY OWN KITCHEN

We've been passing this place for a while now, and made sure to get there for their opening! I got the breakfast sandwich with bacon and the gf got a breakfast bowl called 'the standard.' I was blown away by this sandwich - perfectly toasted bread, AMAZING eggs, and the bacon was incredible. The Standard was apparently equally impressive.

Outside of the food, the guys working were super nice and clearly excited about the place. The place has this great post-modernism vibe with a 21st century twist - wall of foods with great classic labels, oldies playing over the speakers, tiled floor and diner aesthetic.

Definitely a new breakfast gem in Wash West - absolutely recommended
Great find for breakfast. Friendly staff. Food and coffee excellent. Neighborhood gem. Definitely a locals vibe. Keep the secret!
Super delicious sandwich spot around the Jefferson hospital. They make everything fresh to order, so it takes a while. But totally worth it to chill in line, and then picnic outside. I ordered a hoisin eggplant sandwich and the bread was baked/toasted to perfection while the sandwich was exploding with flavor. Highly recommend!

They also have fun kitchen knick knacks and cook books that are great to browse while waiting and get a whimsical gift for a friend
It's simple. 

Sometimes you just want a meal made simply and deliciously with no frills. The presentation here is a cherry on top. I had the basic breakfast with toast, arugula, eggs, and potatoes. Just perfect. I'd not have changed a thing about it. The eggs were so fluffy, the potatoes were soft and tasty. The portion size was perfect, and not wasteful. The price was right. 

Beautiful space and yummy food! I'd highly recommend.
So listen up, oldest child here talking (aka the bossy one) here to let you know I whole heartedly approve of the Middle Child (but only in the restaurant form, IRL they are annoying). 

This little joint is adorbs. Cozy, open and great food. I'm So happy I stopped in to see for myself what the buzz is all about. 

Ordered my food and got myself a cup of Moroccan fresh mint tea.  I do love me some mint tea and this one means business. Full of real mint leaves! Simple syrup on the side, piping hot hit the spot. (Look at me Rhyming). 

I had the Reuben, which was magnificent. Staff is super friendly and I loved the soundtrack with a little "Back to Life" Soul 2 Soul retro tunes in the background

Nicely done, Middle Child, but stay outta my closet. You still can't borrow my sweater.
Got the regular breakfast sandwich and coffee. Bread still deliciously crispy after 10 min walk back to hotel room. Good coffee too.
Guys... is there really such a lack of good lunch places in the area that this place currently has 4.5 stars? We ordered a mint tea, a cobb salad, and a lox special on a bagel. It took about 20-25 minutes for our two meals to come out. A salad and a bagel. And no tea until 15 minutes in--I had to ask the front for it again.
At $12 for the lox special, we expected something big, beautiful and impressive--especially since the lox is cured in house. It was small and really not tasty... something we could have gotten at a deli for under $5 and probably would've tasted better. If you're going to cure your own lox and charge a ridiculous amount for it, do it well or don't do it at all.
The two stars are because the cobb salad was fine and well priced. Such a disappointment... Yelp gives me trust issues.
I really enjoyed Middle Child and will definitely be back again. The clean & simple diner vibes were awesome and the place just has this upbeat atmosphere. I ordered the Surfer sandwich and really enjoyed the combination of blueberry jam and arugula, something I would have never thought to put together! The bread was sort of thin and didn't really enhance the sandwich the way it could have. I am no doubt trying the reuben next time because the rye bread looks really fresh. Overall Middle Child is a great find and I recommend for a quick lunch & coffee with friends.
Wow. Just wow.

My brother was in town for work and we had one meal to eat together. I thought it would be lunch but we ended up having a late breakfast, so I suggested Middle Child. "I went once, and I think it was pretty good," I said.

I still don't remember what I had the previous time, but this time, our sandwiches were knockouts. My breakfast sandwich was ridiculously amazing. The bread, so soft and yet nicely toasted. The eggs, how do they cook these?! They're creamy and perfect. The cheese, so melty, so savory. All the right things in all the right places.

My brother got The Surfer and he was blown away. "I think this is the best sandwich I've ever had." High praise from a big eater.

Highly recommend. :)
We came here for brunch on Saturday at 11:20 and boy was the line long. I promise you it is worth the wait. The place is very small and I guess it was a secret gem but not anymore. 

For drinks we ordered some tea and apple cider. The cider was very seasoned haha. I really enjoyed it on such a cold day. 

For our sandwiches we ordered the cooper sharp and the Hershel Waker. I personally don't like arugula but that's one of the main in the first sandwich. The second sandwich was delicious. Nice braised meat and thick THICK eggs buttery bread. I won't lie. After a while it did get kind of heavy. But if there were a way to only get half a sandwich that would be perfect. 

I strongly recommend this place. You should visit.
I pass by nearly daily, and I finally decided to come in for breakfast. Their breakfast sandwich didn't include any meat, so I added sausage.  With the sandwich alone + tip, it came to over $11 - pricey for a quick breakfast sandwich, but after my first bite, I knew it was a very good sandwich.

The scrambled eggs were divine - super fluffy and lots of it. Melty Cooper cheese.  Arugula for a little spicy kick. The bread was perfectly toasted and buttered, but didn't hold up to the weight of the sandwich, so it fell apart and I ended up using a knife and fork to eat it.  My only wish is for that price, I wish there was a bit more sausage.
So this place is always packed. The orders get taken relatively quickly considering the line, but with how many sandwiches are being made, it can take about 20 minutes to get your food. So I've gotten the Shopsin club twice now. The bread has a great crunch. The pickles make the sandwich for me since they have a bit of sweetness to them. If you're not a fan of bread and butter, these may not be for you. Plenty of turkey on the sandwich. I can't wait to try some other sandwiches.
Not sure what the big deal is about this place. I paid double for what amounted to a bacon egg and cheese on wheat. And I waited 15 minutes when the store was half empty. Guess the hip vibe is worth it to some people.
I went in yesterday with my fiance and we had the Phogie and Ruben; both were delicious! The phogie comes on a wonderful sesame seed roll and is an excellent blend of flavors with the perfect amount of spice to it. I don't usually go for vegan options but I would 10/10 get this again. The Ruben was served hot on some toasty buttery rye bread and was one of the best I've had in Philadelphia. The russian dressing wasn't too sweet and the ratio of corned beef to sauerkraut was on point! 

We sat at the counter and had a great time talking to the chef and sampling the fresh baked goods. We are so excited to have a go to sandwich shop in the neighborhood and are looking forward to coming back for breakfast!
Son of a...

I've lived in Philadelphia for about 4 years and just found this gem of a place...and of course I am moving out of the city tomorrow. The sandwich was on point and the workers are cool.
Finally, it's finally refreshing to have a non-generic sandwich shop around work!

Must get: phoagie, ham I am
Meh: so long sal
Missed out; all other sandwiches

If you're looking for something new, Middle Child's got you covered. They are known for their phoagie, a hipster twist on a Vietnamese staple banh mi with a hoagie. That being said, I wished there was more eggplant to sauce ratio as the creamy texture robbed this potentially healthy sandwich of any life-prolonging benefits. That being said, if you're looking for some delicious coronary clogging goodness, look no further than the ham-i-am. This is a deliciously hyper-buttered sandwich that is light on volume, but heavy on calories. I really enjoyed the texture and taste contrast between the ham and the apple, but this is a sandwich that deserves a full workup before and after.

Overall, this was a fun little joint and recommend stopping by if you're not busy.

Food; 4 stars
Price: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
The breakfast sandwich with bacon is incredible. Some of the best eggs I've ever had and the bread was perfectly buttered.

My friend had the Standard Platter and loved it.
A toast to this small and assuming sandwich shop in Center City. The Surfer -- a turkey, swiss, mayo, blueberry-masala jam delight -- was rich and spry on a recent afternoon. The Phoagie -- Hoasin eggplant, a bunch of veggies, and a healthy touch of pho sauce -- was strong and tasteful. Sandwiches can get a little crazy nowadays. Menus are being built for the 'Gram instead of the palate -- and, man, do I sound like some kind of get-off-my-lawn eater right now -- but Middle Child hits that right note of delicious food and appealing look inside a restaurant that really doesn't have much more than an overworked diner feel to it. It's a few blocks off the main drag in Philly, away from El Vez and Barbuzzo and the such, but it's worth the walk.
They make an amazing breakfast sandwich.  I added avocado and was in heaven.  I must have arrived during a lull because I found a spot at the counter and there wasn't much of a line.  By the time I had my sandwich, the line was almost out the door.  Yea, me for timing.  Yea, them for yummy food and friendly service.
This place is absolutely fantastic in every way. Staff is super friendly and have a genuine passion for the restaurant and the food is so good!

You really can't go wrong with anything from the menu, but my personal favorites are the Reuben, breakfast sandwich, and the lox bagel (wow!!).

Tip -- when you're placing your order don't skip out on the beverages often sitting in the jars right next to the cash register, they are so good. Also they sell sweet and sour pickles for $1 which are an must do as well.

Love this place and would highly recommend if you are even remotely in the area for breakfast or lunch. Do it, you'll be glad you did.
Middle child has excellent sandwiches. I've never had a bad one.
So cal is probably my favorite, though the bahn mi is surprisingly good!
The breakfast sandwiches are also good. You get a pile of fluffy eggs in them. 
Seating is limited and there can be a long wait during busy times. For parents out there, they only have one high chair.
OMG these are the best sandwiches I had. I ordered the Shopsin club and my friend ordered So Long Sal. We had the half we ordered and shared the other half. My shopsin club is so good, I love it better than so long sal. The sweet pickle and cranberry miso mayo are so on point. Def gonna come back try everything else.
At first I balked at the idea of spending $11 for a sandwich, but this place was highly recommended by local friends. I stopped by here for lunch and ordered the Shopsin Club, and it is simply amazing. The store is a small shop with a counter and a few tables, and the cashier warmly greets you when you enter. The menu fills the wall behind you and is made with individual letter pins. The sandwich itself is perfect in every way -- crisp toasted ciabatta bread, thick sliced turkey, avocado, bacon, mayo, pickles. I contemplated leaving out the pickles, but was glad I kept it as is as it really goes well with the rest of the sandwich. Everything is lovingly made to order and carefully wrapped in paper and sliced.
After looking at other reviews I suppose that I ordered the wrong thing but regardless, I did not have a great experience here and won't be back. 

Nice clean interior. Very nice cashier and checked our order a couple times before we paid to make sure everything was correct (He did forget one of our coffees by chance.) We got two bagels with cream cheese and one with pork roll and one with avocado. Bagels were OK. Not very large and and they only have plain and everything varieties. Crispy on the outside and kind of chewy on the inside which I wasn't a big fan off. My biggest problem was that for breakfast bagels with cream cheese it was super expensive for what we got. Seemed like all the sandwiches were really expensive for breakfast as well. Yelp also has it listed as a $ which is clearly not true. 

Based on other reviews if you order the sandwiches you'll get a good amount of good food. But be prepared to pay a lot more for breakfast than you would anywhere else that isn't a sit down restaurant/brunch. Would say there are many other better breakfast sandwich options in center city.
Tiny space with a neat little counter and about four tables. Packed at lunch. I went at around 1130 and the nice guy behind the counter nominates the Surfer as the sandwich I should consume when I couldn't pick. The sandwich takes a bit to come out because it's made with obvious care. I think it was turkey, a mild cheese, and a jam of some kind. It came together perfectly on a ciabatta for an awesome lunch. There was a line out the door by the time I left. Cool place.
What a wonderful find right next to Jefferson hospital. I have frequent doctor's appointments and am always looking for some good place to go eat. Middle child has a very friendly and accommodating staff. They do a large takeout business, but you are also welcome to eat there. I had a great time catching up with a friend. The turkey club was delicious with lots of fresh wholesome turkey. I will for sure be back!
I love this place so much. I probably go here about once a week, partially because the food is delicious, and partially because it is so pleasant to be there.  Mochi, the cheerful person who takes our orders, remembers my name and that of my intern, and he knows what we like.  They're always playing interesting, positive, relaxing music. 
I don't understand how they make the eggs so fluffy with an almost custard-like creamy texture.  The sausage tastes like my great-uncle in South Georgia used to make with just a little kick of spice.  
The breakfast sandwich is so good I almost always get that or the platter, but I kind of wanted french toast last week. I never order french toast because it is always too sweet, heavy, and makes me feel like crap all day.  I got the blintz toast, and it was the perfect compromise. It was lightly sweet and hit all of the notes I was looking for flavor-wise, but not at all heavy.  I will have to put that into the rotation... but I really like the breakfast sandwich with sausage!
Everyone in there always seems mellow and happy, and I leave feeling good, so I will continue going back.
I was just trying to get a quick breakfast so I looked around on my way to work and saw this shop and it was little busy, I thought let me give it a try! Eggs sandwich shouldn't get so bad anyways! 
Oh man what an eggs sandwich!! I think it was the most delicious one I've ever had!!! Yessss I just found a favorite and I'm excited to try what else they have!!
That's besides how friendly and nice the staff are!! This place is a gem!!
Excellent breakfast. Fluffy scrambled eggs, crisp beacon, fresh coffee. In addition they have super tasty gluten free toast, a rarity, I have Celiac. You order at the counter and take a seat and they serve you. Good service, free coffee refills, and a very reasonable price. Highly recommend.
Heard all the buzz about this place so decided to check it out. It was well worth it.

Super friendly experience. Greeted by the guys behind the counter as soon as I walked in. They clearly give a poo about the customer as much as the food/ratings.

Had the turkey ruben which was delicious. There were quite a few other options I wanted to check out. Some limited outdoor seating too, which is cool. 

A bit of a cross between a sandwich counter and diner, and they do it well. Will be back.
Rad sandwich spot with great breakfast and lunch. Cool and happy vibes, perfect to get a good start to your morning or for a solid break at lunch. Try the Reuben or the phoagie!
So excited about this place opening up! Have had the turkey sandwich with house-made masala jam and the Phogie, both of which were amazing! The Phogie is truly a marvelous feat... they figured out how to turn a soup into a sandwich!!! I dream about the crispy onions with the eggplant, cilantro and fresh lime juice. A must try - no excuse not to because its vegan! (fine, maybe you can't eat it if you're gluten free...)

Love the ambiance. The decor has a minimal aesthetic with lots oh Philly charm. The old school jams also set the tone for a relaxed-but-still-with-it-vibe. Will definitely be venturing to the Gayborhood more frequently just to swing by this shop!! Also enjoy that you can pick up some eclectic snacks while you're there to enjoy with your meal. Can't wait to try some other food options on the menu!
Awesome little coffee breakfast shop. I met a colleague for my second breakfast meeting of the day, so I was just having coffee, but her food looked amazing! The iced coffee was really good. But I will be back for the breakfast sandwich.
So I realize that it's a little ridiculous to pay $5 for a piece of toast, but Middle Child's Blintz toast is actually worth it. The blueberry masala jam and farmers cheese is a match made in heaven. The bread itself was thick and toasted, and it all makes for one somewhat healthy breakfast. I  was full before I finished my toast. Middle Child's breakfast sandwich is also pretty good -- they definitely don't skimp on the eggs or cheese. 

Food and service are A+++. Just one star off for the long wait.
After hearing great things about this place, I came by for lunch. It was packed. The line filled the entire restaurant. It was pretty tight in there. Middle Child is more of a takeout spot rather than a sit down spot, which is fine.

I had the Reuben with corned beef (the other option is turkey). It was pretty small, like the size of regular white bread slices, not the larger rye bread loaves I am used to Reubens being served on. However, it was very good. I couldn't help but notice they were prioritizing So Long Sals (cold Italian hoagies) in front of the Reubens, me and someone behind me ordered, rather than filling the orders in the order they were received. 

I like Middle Child's diner vibe. If it's not too busy (good luck), you can sit at a little counter and watch them make the food. I came around 12:30, and the line died down right after I got there. It appears most people get takeout from here. The cooks were nice and told me to let them know if I needed anything else. I enjoyed my experience here.

I suspect Middle Child is best to get a breakfast sandwich or a So Long Sal to go if you live or work around here.
Loved the sandwiches we tried, but a bit pricey for just a sandwich. If the price was lower, I might have given it 5 stars. My boyfriend and I came here around 11:30 on a Sunday morning and the place was packed. The long line went quick, but the wait for our sandwiches was about 25-30 minutes. 
I ordered the Court Street's Reuben ($11.75) and my partner ordered the So Long Sal ($11.75)
The toast on the Reuben had a lot of butter so it is def a greasy sandwich! Overall, the short rib corned beef Reuben was delicious. I'm not the biggest fan of sauerkraut, but it was not overpowering and tasted perfectly with everything in the sandwich. 
The So Long Sal was a lighter sandwich out of the two. The lime flavor in the dressing made it refreshing. I originally thought the So Long Sal would taste like an Italian hoagie but it doesn't. The taste is complex, but the flavors work very well together. The hoagie roll was too crunchy for my liking on this sandwich though.
Let's just get straight to it - the surfer is one of the greatest sandwiches I've ever had the pleasure of eating. The blueberry-masala jam topping this turkey sandwich took my taste buds on a ride. 

The reuben was also incredible. Made with short rib corned beef and the usual suspects on some sturdy rye. 

Their sandwiches are works of art - every element from the bread to the spread work together to give you a perfect sandwich. 

Big big big ol recommend for me. About to drive from Baltimore for one of those big azz egg sandwiches for breakfast this week and order a surfer to take home for lunch.
After getting a recommendation I made my way to Middle Child and I am so happy I did. I went during lunch and ordered the "So Long Sal." I must say from the bread to the artichoke spread this sandwich is delicious and amazing. The sandwich is also huge so I ended up eating half for lunch and the other for dinner. They have a few seats where you can sit and enjoy your meal, but they fill up fast. They also have space at the counter which is where I sat and enjoyed my sandwich. I'm glad I did as I was able to see how the staff takes care of their customers and I noted that they remember a regular face. I also had their freshly squeezed OJ which was such a delight. 

I know they are known for their awesome breakfast sandwiches so I'll make sure to try one of them on my next visit!
A sandwich shop named Middle Child?! A place that would perfectly describe me in a nutshell? Am I dreaming? I've pinched myself enough times to confirm I was not. 

The sandwiches here are BOMB. I am not even exaggerating. You get an explosion of flavors with every bite. The shopsin club and josh miller's "not italian" were amazing. Sandwiches aren't super long, but they were thick. They really packed each one with meat. The shopsin club was one of my favorites. I mean, cranberry miso mayo? Like who comes up with this genius stuff?? Very creamy and epic sandwich. You will get full easily. Make sure you place your order online and don't sleep on this amazing sandwich joint!
Wanted a breakfast sandwich for delivery. The website wasn't listing the breakfast sandwiches online so I called. Don't try to call! The person who answered yelled at me and hung up on me when I asked!
The best darn BLT in the universe. This seasonal option is hands down the best sandwich I have ever eaten. The portions are always hefty which I love so I can enjoy one half, take a little break, and enjoy it all again. Another trick is getting two sandwiches with a friend and going half and half. Not a bad thing on the menu. The breakfast sandwiches are 99% likely to eliminate a hangover. Closed on Mondays.
