Service is non pushy and they don't bug you. Atmosphere is quiet this time of eve (after 5).

Savory 3/5
I ordered the pasta fagiole and I can't say I loved it nor the bread which was sort of sweet and not very French at all . Maybe it was brioche?  The soup needed a hit of hot pepper flakes and maybe some Parmesan cheese as garnish. It reminded me of chunky tomato sauce before adding the seasonings with beans (oddly hard) and pasta (oddly soft). The appropriate bread for pasta fagiole is a hard baguette or toasted slice of chewy Italian bread rubbed with garlic and olive oil. So "snore" on the soup.

Sweet 5/5
I'd the "Lux"and it was fresh, light and with strong notes of raspberries and dark chocolate; it is truly decadent. You have to like those two notes together though because the other flavors of white chocolate and i think vanilla were over-ridden by those two.

After I chose my dessert, a group came in and ordered the Citron which is a similar style dessert but with vanilla and citrus flavors instead of chocolate and raspberry. I've to admit I'd have preferred it to the chocolate and raspberry combo. 
The lady who ordered knew her sweets at Miel b/c she requested it. The counter person said they had some in "the back," I wish I'd known! 

In summary ask what's in the back before you order dessert at Miel! For fun I took a photo of a Buche Noel in vanilla with praline filling. Joyeuses Fetes y'all!
Service is non pushy and they don't bug you. Atmosphere is quiet this time of day. 
Should be called "Meh" Patisserie
Savory 3/5
I just had the pasta fagiole and I can't say I loved it nor the bread which was sort of sweet and not very French at all . Maybe it was brioche?  The soup needed a hit of hot pepper flakes and maybe some Parmesan cheese as garnish. The appropriate bread for that soup is a hard baguette or toasted slice of Italian bread rubbed with garlic and olive oil. So meh on the soup.

Sweet 5/5
I'd the "Lux"and it was fresh, light and with notes of raspberries and dark chocolate it is truly decadent. You have to like those two notes though because the other flavors of white chocolate and i think were over-ridden by those two. It's decadent.

After I chose my dessert, a family came in and ordered the Citron which is a similar style dessert but with vanilla and citrus flavors instead of chocolate and raspberry. I've to admit I'd have preferred it to the chocolate and raspberry combo. 
That lady knew her sweets at Miel b/c she requested it. The counter person said they had some in "the back," I wish I'd known! 

In summary ask what's in the back before you order dessert at Miel! For fun I took a photo of a Buche Noel in vanilla. Joyeu Fetes y'all!
meil - no, no - mmmmmmmmiel is SO good, just the mention of the name makes my mouth water in anticipation of their delectable desserts.  

my first taste of miel was their petite pastries. the to-die-for passion cake features a layer of coconut cream atop a layer of passion fruit mousse atop a coconut sponge cake. creamy, fluffy, sweet (but not too sweet!) and best of all - it had the coconut flavor without the shredded texture that i can't stand. my coconut-loving boyfriend was kinda disappointed about that, however, as it meant less for him ;) we shared a sinfully delicious almond cake as well, and while i did not want to relinquish even one forkful, i suppose fair is fair.

most recently we enjoyed a simpler vanilla cake which, with moist yellow cake, creamy icing and white chocolate shavings, is anything but basic. once again, the perfect amount of sweet without sending me into a sugar coma. i cannot wait to get home tonite to savor another slice!

i can't speak to the service or the expense, as my wonderful bf has purchased all of these yummy goodies for us, but regardless, i still say it's worth every penny (and every calorie!)
4 only because HE loves the taste. Hubs is a HUGE French macaron fan so I stop here on occasion when I want to surprise him with a sweet treat. These are hands down, his absolutely favorite macaroons. Not just in Philly, but from some of the high end, very well know places in NYC. (You guys know where I mean.) I've tried over a dozen spots and Miel still remains his favorite. Pistachio is his ultimate favorite flavor. 

The place is lovely. Bright with big open windows for people watch. It has perfect, French feeling details. Don't miss the bumble bee wrought iron gates! Very cute. I dream about taking time to actually sit and enjoy a cup of coffee and chat when I'm here. It's pretty inviting. 

Pros:
-He loves them! 
-They have seasonal and ever changing flavors. (Most recently I purchased eggnog and Gingerbread for the holiday season). 
-All of their pastries are created with care and it surely shows!  
-The space makes me happy and for a brief moment, transports me back to France. I'll take it! 

Cons:
-Parking nearby for a quick stop in stinks. Make this just one stop while running a few errands in town to stress you out less! No loading or quick open spots nearby. At all. 
-The staff is NEVER friendly! Ugh!!! 
-Most recently they started charging $2 for a box. This one really irks me! I rather spend that $2 on another dessert! These beauties are very delicate and can smash easily as everyone knows. They deserve proper presentation even when being purchased per piece! Boxes come complimentary for orders of 8 or more only! 

Verdict: I'll still ride around for parking, deal with employees who look annoyed and wait for the days they give complimentary boxes with purchase again...because he's worth it. Minor changes could make a trip here much more enjoyable for this wife who is just trying to do something special for her main squeeze.
J'adore Miel Patisserie! My Friday lunch meeting took place at this adorable French café - it was my very first visit and I was instantly charmed. The gentleman behind the counter was so super sweet - hooking me up with a delicious piece of chocolate to go with my latte. 

The tables are small and space is a bit tight but once I was seated all was well. I ordered one of the pressed sandwiches which had mozzarella, tomatoes and pesto on sourdough bread. It hit the spot, and the delicious kettle chips alongside were great. This was a great place for a lunch meeting and I look forward to my next visit!
"This thaw--took a while to thaw, it's going to take a while to unthaw."-- George W. Bush, Alexandria, La., Oct. 20, 2008

I pondered over the wisdom of this Bushism as I stabbed the fork many times in quick succession at Miel's version of the salted caramel chocolate tart, in an attempt to carve out a small piece for consumption - but, to no avail. The refrigerated pastries may look pretty, but are almost impossible to manage. Sadly, Miel has not improved from the disastrous decline that characterizes the patisserie, in the past few years.

When Robert Bennett, 14 year veteran and Chief Pastry Officer (CPO) of Philly's venerable Le Bec Fin started Miel in December 2003, I was still a grad student. I remember well the excitement at the opening of a genuine patisserie in Philly, for the city clearly needed it. Back then, when a fork sliced through the Miel Gateau, the onlooker would be tantalized by the deftness with which layers of chocolate sponge moistened with rum had been arranged around a creamy chocolate mousse surrounding a vanilla Bavarian center!  Bennett was a genius with chocolate (The Temptation Trio, and his artisan chocolates were testament to that), and could also create artistic blown sugar pieces. 

Once he left, and Miel was sold off to investors, the decline in quality became evident whenever I visited Philly and stopped by Miel. Gone was the delight of the banana centred gateaux bebe, and the millefeuille was no longer the creation it used to be. Frankly, the cakes at Cheesecake Factory in Philly surpassed those at Miel in quality! 

Slowly and gradually, I stopped frequenting Miel, till I read somewhere that the group of investors had sold their stake back to the original owner (not Bennett) and so I thought of giving them another chance while attending my five year re-union recently. 

I started with the macarons, which while pretty to look at, were far too crispy and not chewy enough. They fell apart at each bite. But, other than the texture, even the taste did not impress for any of the macarons I tried. Also, other than the chocolate tart mentioned above, neither the opera cake, nor the chocolate crème brulee were worth the Center City rentals factored into the price.

Miel has a reassuring familiarity, like the girl you once knew in college. And, while circumstances may have forced you two to part, it's best to concede that there's always a good reason why you two weren't able to keep in touch afterwards. Nostalgia may be a powerful emotion, but eventually, the past is a foreign country - they do things differently there.
I had two things.

Croissant and a cake that had 4 different types of mousses in it.

MY CROISSANT WAS COLD. hello? (my friend's croissant wasn't as she did not complain about it) but her opinion, just like mine, also states that THE CAKE WAS OLD.

OLD AND COLD. yes, these were the biggest adjectives for the items i had - not to mention that i went there at about 1030am.

I also asked for butter, and THEY SAID THAT THEY DONT GIVE OUT BUTTER BECAUSE THEIR BUTTER IS IMPORTED?! WTH?! 

I will never go back.

I think the owners need to take that 2 hour bus trip to NYC and eat at Bouchon. Yes, Thomas Keller is American, but god, Thomas Keller and his staff know how to make Croissants. And they dont serve croissants after 2pm (because at that point in time the croissants are not fresh anymore.)
What am I going to say that has not been said before?  This patisserie is lovely in every way, their macarons are delicious and the ever changing array of flavors will keep your taste buds delighted & intrigued.

Of the limited places that sell a fine, fresh authentic macaron, this is the only place that sells rose.  Fragrant, delicate, complex, exotic and rare - the rose macaron is my very favorite.  Miel's are so fresh, they melt the moment you bite into them, the perfume wafts across your palate and the texture is so sublime you will regret not buying a few more.  I got one Honey Orange Blossom & one Rose, there is no photo because I inhaled them the moment we walked out of the store and as I sit here writing this, I wish I bought a few more.
San liked their americano n my cafe au lait was perfect. We shared a fancy dark chocolate hazelnut layered creation. Only gripe was that the bottom layer was hard. The flavors melded so well. Then again, one can hardly go wrong w good chocolate, hazelnut and cake.
I've been here a few times and absolutely loved their pastries and macaroons. Unfortunately I had a run in with their service. Firstly, my macaroons I purchased as a gift, which I told the guy it's a gift and I need a box, obviously he didn't listen, he grabbed a bag and asked what I wanted, so I corrected him and he seemed unwillingly got a box. He got my macaroons and I got home and they were crushed... I don't even know how that happened? I took great caution taking it home. And I got home to check on it, sadly a few of the macaroons were crushed. So I had to get a different gift and waste more time. Secondly, I used a credit card to purchase my macaroons. All I got to do was hand the card over and sign. As soon as I finished signing the cashier snatched the receipt from me and didn't even thank me. I didn't get a chance to write the total down though, but I was fine with that, the shop was busy. As I look at my statement a few days later after that transaction cleared,  I realized that the cashier decided to give himself a little tip at my expense. I called the shop and the manager apologized and said that it must have been a mistake. Asked if I had a receipt and he would refund me. I said yes ( I kept the receipt bc I knew this was going to happen with how the employees treated me while I was there ). The manager said great, I will call you back later today. No phone call was ever returned. I called a few times and even stopped by the shop, he is unreachable. Be warned, look at your statement for credit card transactions at this place, even if the tip is not much, I don't think it's right for someone to give themselves one at customer's expense.

All in all, good pastries, bad service, questionable employee. I know not every one of their workers is bad, but that one Apple ruined the bunch for me.
This is my first Yelp review ever. I rarely feel strongly about service or food at an eatery to warrant a Yelp review. 

Two days ago I ordered a cake for my daughter's birthday and have ordered cakes from Miel in the past. The online price was not the same price they charged me. 

When I asked about the on-line price, the male employee said, "We didn't update our new prices on-line." 

I asked, "Shouldn't you honor the online price?" 

His attitude was "If you're not happy with the new price, then go away." 

I thought customers come first. I felt shafted. 

I ordered the cake to be picked up at 11:30 AM today and had already paid in full. When I picked up the cake (two days after ordering), it wasn't available. In fact, it wasn't even made because "The order wasn't put in this morning," the employee informed me. But there were two other cakes in the display case, so a worker pulled one out. I saw that the bottom edge of that cake was smeared and asked for the other cake in the display case. 

When I spoke with the manager about the worker being rude when I first ordered the cake, she didn't apologize, but only said that the prices on Miel's website had not been updated for years; they only go by the prices in the store so couldn't honor the on-line price. 

When I said, "You're willing to let a dissatisfied customer walk away?" she said she couldn't do anything about it and to enjoy the cake. 

I paid for a pricey cake and expected customer satisfaction, but didn't receive it. I won't be returning due to rudeness and will spend my money elsewhere.
Whilst I've been to Miel many times over the last few year, I figured my first review should be about my most recent experience. I went today to pick up my lunch. Miel has recently added sandwiches and a couple salads to their repertoire.  Everything is premade and pressed if you prefer. I love the smoked Turkey, Muenster and apricot spread on a soft fluffy roll. They are priced reasonably.

Besides my new found lunch spot, it is the perfect shop for a decadent dessert, a scrumptious raspberry croissant an espresso, oh man thankfully I'm busy or I'd be running there immediately! !
A likable small French café in Center City. Macaroons, petit fores, small desserts along with teas and coffees.

Can't go wrong here for wanting a sweet treat. Small but cozy, round 2 top low tables & and window high seats with long table seating & 
bees/beehive decor...

Mid-high price point for items and worth it in my opinion...
cute place, great food, good service. i'll be back
Staff not welcoming; dirty plates on the front counter as we came in.
Asked if they had a sugar free option and received a "no"...
Please get someone professional who can handle the shop; non professional environment.
I lived in London for a summer and became familiar with the glory and wonder of a pastry shop on a trip to Amsterdam. Sure, the pastries in Paris are delicious, but the sheer variety of fresh, delicious, fruity/chocolate pastries with tall swirls of whip cream and flaky deliciousness available at any hour of the day or night in Amsterdam is beyond belief. Since then, I've been dreaming about those pastries. 

I'm pretty confident you won't be able to find any bustling pastry shoppes in Center City Philadelphia in the middle of the night. That being said, Miel Patisserie is a fine enough substitute. Granted, I have not tasted many of their offerings, but they look solid. Every time I go, I order a chocolate croissant. The chocolate hiding inside the croissanty walls is to die for. The croissant isn't as soft as I'd like sometimes, and the freshness is a little questionable, but it is buttery and light enough, and just brown enough on the outside. Still very delicious.

Also, they are located less than a block from my office, which on a chilly day like today is a bonus.
Dilemma: what to do for a birthday boy (man) who doesn't like cake?  Go to Miel.  Preferably late on a Monday night to take advantage of 50% off pastries!!!

Because I'm cheap and because he doesn't care, I scored 4 beautiful mini confections instead of one large tart.  Full of fruit, creme, mousse & a tiny bit of chocolate I'm sure our friends will all find something to like.  I also snagged several cute 4-piece boxes of chocolate as favors for our guests.  

The total came to less than $25.  Thanks to Blake & Michelle C. for their simultaneous yet separate recommendations!  What a great find!

Note: breakfast goods go on sale after 5pm, pastries go on sale once a week typically on a Sunday but yesterday I got lucky.
Not all things are created equal.  If you go to Miel Patisserie, stick to their fresh made items (coffee and hot sandwiches).  Their pastries and desserts are not up to expectations.

For the coffee of the day, we ordered the following:
1) Costa Rica - Valle De Los Santos - described as flavors of fiji apple and cocoa (clean and sweet)
2) Guatemala - Santa Clara - described as peach and apple cider accent with hint of butter and chocolate malt

For the hot sandwiches, we ordered the following:
1) Le Parisien - ham, dijon mustard, gruyere cheese on country french bread
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QWZuvqTYTMncVdhulUU73A?select=3L946CWrGXTN1emLiB05Eg
2) Parma - prosciutto di parma, asiago cheese, tomato, and basil
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QWZuvqTYTMncVdhulUU73A?select=3adg_kWaFidOVE-paOpQPg 

Service is a bit snooty... but then again, it's a French place.  Enjoy!
Considering I've spent a year in France (which means eating as many croissants et bagettes possible)--- I love coming to Miel.  It's been a long time since I moved out of center city, but I decided to stop in and get a treat:  raspberry cheese croissant... mmm...  priced at $2.75.  

I was about to pay with my 3 $1-bills and the guys says, "$1.38."  I was astounded.  "The price says $2.75."  "All pastries are half-off after 5pm."   There's no sign or anything, it was just meant to be!!!!  

So I got two pastries.  =x
I've been here twice, both times because I was hungry after a grueling workout at Pure Barre (yes, I'm a hypocrite, but it's a long trek home to the burbs on SEPTA, and I needed sustenance!) I happened to walk by here, get a hankering for some baked goods, and entered.

Luckily, they not only have sweets but also sandwiches, which are, as the French say, le BANGIN'. I'm lucky there was a line and it takes them a few minutes to help each customer because I was flip-flopping like a politician on the campaign trail, trying to decide which sandwich to order. The first time, I got Le Miel, which is "Grilled marinated chicken filet, grilled asparagus, brie, roasted red bell peppers, arugula, on garlic sourdough", and, might I add, SUPER YUMMERS. The second time, which was last week, I got the Croque Monsieur, which was so good that I'm trying to figure out the next time I'll be able to stop in and have another. Prices are about average, and you get chips, too. 

I'll admit, some of their croissants were not looking so hot by the time I was there (late afternoon), so I skipped those. The last time I went, I got a Luxe, which is     "Dark Chocolate Mousse, Raspberry Mousse, Vanilla Bavarian, Chocolate Genoise
 and Finished with Cocoa Glaze." I don't know what all those words mean, but together, they are l'AWESOME.

The service is pretty nice, in that they don't make you feel like a moron if you mispronounce the name of your sandwich. They're a little slow if you're doing takeout, but you probably won't wait more than 10 minutes if it's not crazy busy.

Definitely a solid sandwich outpost, though there are probably better bakeries around. Still, get the Luxe. The name tells you all you need to know about it.
This may have to be my favorite bakery ever. I live near by, so it's my local bakery and I frequent it often. I've had 5 or 6 different things there and each has been delicious. Mango Macaron - Delicious. Opera Cake - Rich and delicious. Tiramisu - fluffy, coffee flavored delicious. Strawberry cake - sweet, moist delicious. Coffee - I normally dont like it, only drink it for caffeine, but it was mild and sweet. Crossiant - fluffy delicious. 

Every time I've been there, I have never been disappointed. I could probably just tell the servers to choose anything at random and it'd be delicious.
Super disappointed at Miel. I currently live in LA and wanted to send a macaroon tower to my daughter for her birthday. I called on a Sunday afternoon and asked to order a cake, the phone was disconnected. I tried 3x more times and kept getting the answering machine. Finally Marjorie answered. I asked to order a macaroon tower and she asked how many people. I said 2-3. She was quite persistent that they don't make that small a tower. I said I didn't care how much it was, I just wanted a tower for my daughter. We settled on a $100 tower with 24-36 macaroons. Perfect! I asked if they would deliver to the northeast and of course, I would pay extra. I just wanted something special, since my daughter loves French macaroons.
Unfortunately, she had every excuse as to why we couldn't place the order. She had to check with the owner, they only deliver wedding cakes, and my favorite...they normally wouldn't deliver just a $100 tower! Wow! Where is the Customer service? 
I had a similar experience 8 years ago at Miel when I was ordering my wedding cake. They wouldn't provide a tasting.I guess not much has changed.
I've been dying to find a decent French bakery that sold macarons and I finally found one! This coffee/tea/bakery was pretty legit. I ordered an espresso and 4 macarons (pistachio, blackberry, coffee and lemon) I loved the French type atmosphere, definitely coming back :)
I stopped in here today for something g sweet and somehow missed the macarons. So I will go back for those and update.

However, I had an almond croissant that was the most flavorless and dry thing I've ever had. Ever. Total waste of money and calories.
We had great expectations for Miel Patisserie.  Our hotel staff raved about the delicious pastries, hinted at the Le Bec Fin connection and urged us to go.  The exact words: "They will blow your mind!"

Well, we went...but our minds remain intact.

SERVICE: Service was slow, but once we got attention, the staff was patient in explaining the pastries.  It would have been very helpful to have prices and labels for the many pastries for decision making purposes.  The café ran out of ice for our Miel Iced Tea ($2), but the staff managed to convince us that we were, in fact, better off without ice because our tea would not get watered down

CROISSANT: We tried the Chocolate & Almond Croissant ($2.75), which was everything a sweet croissant should be.  Flakey and buttery with plenty of filling.  As a bonus, the croissant was enormous and easily shareable (unless you are a butter-holic...in which case, you should get your own).  Had we stuck to the croissants, this would have been a 4 star review

PASTRIES: Unfortunately, we could not resist the adorable pastries and scooped up a key lime square and a small cheesecake.  The key lime square was passable although otherwise unremarkable.  The little dome of cheesecake was adorable, but the crust lacked any distinction and there was a strange layer of gelatin coating on top of the cheesecake.  We concluded that this addition was meant to create a nice shine and uniform texture on top of the cheesecake, but it really subtracted from the texture

And now for the vilest transgression of all...

The MACARONS ($1.25 each) were incredibly stale.  After hearing the unusually low price, I opted to get one of each, but I should have known better.  These were practically inedible.  In fact, the chocolate was about the consistency of chewed gum and we threw it away after a single small nibble.  Robert Bennet must be incredibly disappointed in the low macaron standards of the new owners!  If you go, make sure to check if they were baked fresh that day!  Otherwise, skip the macarons and stick with the croissants!

PARTING THOUGHT: Rittenhouse Square is a great place to sit in the sunshine and enjoy your croissants.  There is ample bench seating and an endless parade of strutting puppies
I always feel like I should like this place more than I do, but I just really don't.

Don't get me wrong, they [probably] have wonderful pastries, but there is just something about this place, I am not feeling it!

I keep going back there from time to time, when I really tire of my usual coffee spots, thinking ok maybe I need to give this place one more shot! :[ The experience just gets worse and worse for me. 

Lets get down to business. Coffee? Very mediocre. I have never drank a a cup of coffee here and went like wowzers!- i need to come back! Just doesn't do it for me [I know my coffee better than myself folks]. Customer service is a bit odd here. Really hit or miss, miss for me mostly. I never feel warm or welcome. Somehow I just get the feeling I am being a overbearing customer and when I do sit down with my things, I have a burning desire to whisper, I feel like i'm offending somebody. 

Good things about this place? Good macaroons [try the Rose] and cheese danishes. I ordered a Red Velvet cake for my sisters birthday one time from here, nothing special really, it was very 'meh'.  

The decor and everything is pretty nice, they are going for the european feel i guess? Idk i could be totally wrong for all I know.

To sum it up, I don't feel welcome and wouldn't really recommend the coffee, but it does gave great potential I won't lie.
When my friend told me about this place her description was "a coffee shop where a lot of Europeans like to spend their time" so of course I had to take a look and judge for myself.
The place is not small yet it's very cozy, warm jazz was flowing from the speakers, and the smell of pastry was pleasant and not overwhelming, just the perfect combination for a rainy summer day. 
I am a coffee connoisseur and only drink the black waters of Sbux and cO because there is no real good alternative. I was meeting a friend and we took two croissants (they were hot when we got them) and I chose their gourmet coffee with something cranberry in it, it wasn't bold but the acidity was pleasant. If you buy your coffee "for here" the first refill is free and the following ones are a dollar each. The staff was pleasant and helpful with describing their brews. 

I like this place, upscale yet not pretentious!
I was walking down 17th street when I spotted a pretty gift bag of French macarons (not to be confused with the American coconut macaroon) in the window at Miel, so naturally I had to sample one. For years I have been splurging on exorbitant shipping costs to get authentic macarons delivered to me from Paris so imagine the horror of biting into one of these doughy, mushy adulterations of the French confection!

But of course, I will not come back! ;)
Great croissants, danishes, macaroons and sandwiches. Only things I wish were better are the cakes and other pastries. This said, when I am looking for an elegant dessert to bring for a gathering, this is my go to location. 

I also enjoy the music and the casual vibe but do think the shop could benefit from revamping their decor. They could attract a lot more business if the space looked more fresh.
I love this place.  Whenever I'm in the area, I always try to stop and pick up some madeleines.  They are definitely some of the most delicious ones I've had.  The sandwiches are also very good.  This place makes my heart and stomach ache for Paris.
Oh, Miel, how I love thee.

This patisserie holds a special place in my heart for it was here I had my first French macaron.  Since, I always try to stop by when I'm around Rittenhouse and pick up a couple new flavors, or a couple of my old favorites--honey chocolate (the "Miel"), salted caramel, orange blossom, and rosewater. 
I love how they rotate flavors; you'll always find some familiar flavors as well as new ones to try (most recently tried peach saffron and margarita).  
Just take a look at the mini clipboard sitting atop the macaron case to the left of the shop for the day's offerings.

I have had the famed Laduree NYC macarons before and can say Miel's are not far off. Which is fabulous since it's close to home.

The atmosphere, while a smidge tight, is cute, cozy, and charming.  The workers are always so nice, making the entire experience grand.  I love sitting at the window seats and people watching while I enjoy myself.
Been here on a few occasions and since we were needing to satisfy our sweet tooth's in RH we settled on coming here for a coffee, guilty pleasure and a gossip fest. It was pretty crowded when we arrived so we grabbed up one of the last tables. 4 french style macaroons and a small coffee set me back 6.80 ( really) . Having been to Paris and eaten macaroons from Laudree and Pierre Herne I can fairly judge a good macaroon and these were pretty solid. The favorite of the bunch was probably the apricot. The salted carmel was a little too salty but great flavor non the less. If i was craving a good french pastry I would come back.

They offer small tarts, quite a few mini chocolate desserts and of course your standard french breakfast pastries.
What this city needs is more Patisseries.  

We don't need more Italian eateries, we certainly don't need more cheesesteak joints, or bars cum bistros, but what we do need are more places that craft a fine macaron or financier like Miel.

* folks, macaron is not to be confused with macaroon, an entirely different confection -  and it's definitely not pronounced macaroon, it's MAH-KA-RHUH - phonetically speaking - you're welcome!*

We need more places that craft a fine croissant or a pain of chocolat.  Donuts and cupcakes, this town has-a-plenty. What we don't have enough is the incredibly, earth-shattering chocolate mousse cake that Miel makes (serves six, $27) that is so elegant and such a nice departure for a birthday celebration.  Bring it to a dinner party to wow.

Colombe coffee.  Lunch options here too.  Very friendly service in a setting that is très European.  Prices reasonable.

The macarons (that's right MACARON, autocorrect stop correcting me!) are pretty good, but definitely not the best I have had.  Some flavors are better than others, but they have a truly varied selection.  It's the other creations that are truly what this patisserie knocks out of the park and that you should not miss. Yes, this town's got great Italian pastries, but if it's French you seek, then Miel is your ticket.
Eight (8) Macarons: $14.00 (size of a baby plum)

The size size size size size size size; SMH!!!!

Pistachio: my favorite out of the bunch. Not too sweet, flavorful and the pistachio sprinkled on top was simply delicious.

Blueberry: yummy, full of favor

Cookie and Cream: the filling was a bit off to me. Just taste like a plain cream filler that was missing something

Lemon poppyseed: I needed more of a lemon/ tarty taste to it. The lemon favor was too subtle

Red Velvet: simply take like chocolate. Would have been nice to compliment it with a semi cream cheese filler 

Orange Blossom: simply didn't like it. Favor was off and left a weird after taste.

They all had a great soft and light flaky texture. They taste fresh but I was very disappointed by the SIZE! These seem a little smaller then the usual suspects I see at other places. Service was weird and disorganized. No one knew where the line started and everyone was ordered to go over to the register only to go back to where we were because he wouldn't be able to remember the order. Smh. It's ok because my server was very polite and quick.

Oh my Lemon Bar, ehhh, would have been better if there was more lemon favor and the crust had more of a buttery or crumb/cookie texture.
I go here pretty often for lunch since I work around the corner and they never disappoint. Sandwiches are made fresh and it doesn't involve a huge wait even at prime lunch time. They're great quality and even cheaper than some nearby alternatives..
FYI, if you want the "El Parisien" and they don't have it, order the "Croque Monsieur"... (or vice versa) they're basically identical and they always have one or the other but usually not both. 

Wowwwww desserts! chocolates, pastries, cookies, etc. etc.   Oh.. my.. god...  when I walk in I try not to even go near that little glass case because I know I'll leave with a box full of amazingness and that would really not be helpful to my tight pants. They also have fresh breads that some nearby restaurants order to use.

The place itself is super cute and usually not terribly crowded so you could definitely hang out in there and read or do some work without distracting noise
This guy tells me the harder the macroon is the more fresh it is. STFU your pastries suck and the cheesecake and lemon bar were flavorless.
I ordered a tiramisu birthday cake from here this past weekend. I needed to call at least 2 days in advance to place the order. I have tried couple of different cakes from here and I must say that I have never been disappointed, but my favorite so far has been their tiramisu cake. It literally melted in our mouths, and a lot of people were wondering where I got the cake from. 

I could have gave the place a 5 star but service seemed incredibly horrible when I was trying to pick up the cake. 
I told them I would be there to pick up the cake around 6:45 (15 min before closing), but I was stuck in heavy rain and traffic so I was gonna be running late. Kindly enough, I called them to let them know that I would be there exactly at 7, and the staff was rude about it and told me "I will get my cake as long as I was there by 7". This made me feel like if I arrived at 7:01, they will lock the place and won't give me the cake. 

When I got there at 6:50, there were 2 girls, who had already closed up the store and put everything away. One of the girls looked at me and gave me the look of "oh here she is finally". 

I just wish the staff was a little more well trained in mannerism.
I always have pleasant time here.
 Very good apricot jam cookie! Must try.
 Their macaroons are ok, but who cares if you can have the cookie.
 Their scone was good, but not amazing.
 I tried some yummy little cakes there. I liked tarts and napoleon looking cake.
 Their peach apricot tea smells heavenly, too.
 Good place to satisfy your sweet tooth.
This review is primarily for the macarons. I've tried several other places in philly but Miel has the best tasting, best flavors, best texture, and best price. I've never had macarons from France or even Laudaree or Bottega Louie but in Philadelphia at least, this is what I deem the best. 

In terms of texture, most of Miel's macarons have a crispy outer shell and a chewy center, which is perfect for me (again I can't say I know what a good macaron is but I love it here)! I say most because my favorite Miel macaron, earl grey chocolate (see photo), is slightly harder than their perfectly mastered classic flavors. But let's be real, different flavors and ingredients bake differently so getting that perfect macaron can be extremely difficult. So maybe this flavor shouldn't exist? Let's not get carried away. The texture is alright but the flavor is amazing!!! Anyway, the other two I've tried this week were cafe au lait and pistachio and both were perfect (see photo). 

They often have seasonal flavors but the classics are really the best so definitely get those if you don't want to be disappointed (not that the other flavors aren't good!) -- also another reason I don't really like the milk+sugar truck and audabon (besides the not-quite-right texture, flavors were not crazy at all but just a little experimental and I found that not to be something that makes a good macaron). 

Check out the list of flavors for that day which is located on the far left above the macarons when you walk in. It usually goes something like: raspberry, lemon poppyseed, pistachio, blueberry, chocolate, salted caramel, rose, earl grey cocoate, cappuccino. 

I've tried some desserts a long time ago and all I can remember is that they were delicious! Their Miel tea/iced tea is also really good -- a mix of black, green, and jasmine I believe. I love the le parisien sandwich (and they all come with chips). Their service is okay, sometimes a little slow but sometimes it gets a bit crazy in there.
Good ambience and pretty quiet. Good for a short coffee/tea break. 

Downside: the staff here are not very friendly and helpful. The marcaroons are crunchy and flaky which is unusual. Restroom is also a bit on the dirtier side.
This is a solid place for something you might not expect- lunch. They have lovely caprese sandwich on the bottom shelf when you first walk in.  Perfect for those days you want to eat in the park & dont want to stand in line at ahem, other sandwich places in the area.  i usually get a bottle of San Pellegrino Limonata to accompany it. i am ashamed to say i have never had more than a sample bite of their pastries but i have bought a loaf of day old bread for half off, which i wasn't impressed with since i am in love with metropolitan bakery's breads.
Best Patisserie in Philly. Stock up on their macaroons. Enjoy an espresso, and then, since you've eaten them all, buy more macaroons. 

Also, after 5? or 6? Their pastries are unreasonably half off (the price, not the pastry)
I feel a bit bad knocking a place that clearly so many others love, but honestly I've given Miel a few chances and basically every time the flavor has been off. To be fair, I'm coming by at the end of the day so I can't expect anything to be 100% fresh, but their little cakes tend to have that slightly-off taste of something that's been sitting in the fridge uncovered for a few days. 

Once you get through the outer layer it starts tasting better, but in a city like Philly where you can easily find bakeries that consistently deliver on both looks and flavor, I don't see any incentive to settle for one.
This is for the 1 star customer from the 14th. I must say, I have been a regular customer at Miel for a while now, and I am always pleased with how genuine and knowledgeable the staff here is. I was in the store and witnessed what you witnessed. I was not appalled by the staff as you were, but by you yourself. Your attitude and tone to the staff here was unacceptable, and if I had been behind the counter, I would not have been as nice to you as they were. Do you know that the girl who helped you was new and was speaking her second language? I looked at your reviews and noticed how many negative reviews you've given places. Do you think maybe the whole world around you isn't horrible, and that maybe you're not stepping back to look at the bigger picture? Miel is full of kind and helpful staff, and when I see customers treat them as I saw you treat them, I want to apologize to them for you because you're not able to stop thinking about YOU.
Delicious pastries...absolutely delicious.
Definitely bring $$$ b/c it will set you back but you get what you pay for.
The chocolate is rich and just melts in your mouth.  They also have good palmier cookies and coffee (strong, nicely roasted).
Walked into Miel last night to buy birthday cake. Was staying at the Sofitel from out of town and it was recommended. I was in a great mood and was psyched for a birthday treat. Walked up to the front counter, was friendly, smiled and said hi and then "are these all the cakes you have right in here in this case?" motioning to the front counter. I wanted to make sure I was aware of all of the options before I chose. The cashier looks at me and rudely says "feel free to look around". Then goes back to her personal conversation. That's it. Just "feel free to look around." What kind of answer is that? How dismissive. There's 3 other display counters would it have killed her to explain oh here's our pound cakes but we also have this this and this. So at this point I'm offended and put off by the nonexistent customer service. I said "yes I can look around, but do you have additional cakes for me to look at?"  The counters are sprawling and I'm a customer asking her for service. I *could* aimlessly look around a shop I'm unfamiliar with. Or she could just answer my perfectly reasonable question. First she acts like I'm interrupting her personal conversation with her coworker. Then they look to each other like I'm the rude one. (Yes, I saw you mouth "wow." Which is hilarious given that you treated ME so poorly. Wow, indeed.) Completely unacceptable. Walked out. Got much better service and delicious cake from another bakery. I won't give my patronage to businesses that treat me like a bother and have no self-awareness about how they interact with guests.
After sourcing this bakery for a birthday party for a very high profile client, I was completely disappointed, embarrassed and appalled at the service. First of all, they had a very limited selection with zero flexibility in accommodating my requests. I was finally able to find something suitable to my client's need and placed the order with a specified delivery time. Two days later the guest list increased so I increased my order, received a receipt via fax, and was charged on my credit card. On the day of the event, the cakes never arrived during their delivery time. I called with 30 min to spare before they were closing with my order still at their shop!!! Did they even notice this large order sitting there not having ever been delivered? They finally delivered the order, without my additional increase. The manager at the Philadelphia location claimed that their main bakery only sent my original order and they had no other cakes to substitute for my missing pieces. With the event in less than an hour away, I finally got a hold of the owner who basically told me that his employee already undercharged me so I pretty much got what I paid for. He also accused me of never having placed the order (I guess my receipt from their store and the charge on my credit card weren't enough proof???) Regardless because I couldn't served only half the guests dessert I had to call on another bakery last minute to supply a whole new order (Naked Chocolate--whom was more than accommodating and super nice). Anyway...I could've cared less about the refund for the product I received (even though I couldn't use it) but after asking for a refund for the product that didn't received he pretty much told me too bad and didn't even admit the mistake or apologize for the inconvenience. Bottom line--limited selection, incompetent staff, and an arrogant, ignorant, idiot of an owner named Jay.
Spent about 3 hours here last weekend, grabbing lunch with a friend, and then studying / reading. I was pleasantly surprised!!

Super friendly and courteous staff, adorable atmosphere and venue, delicious (and not overly priced) food, amazing desserts, and wifi! The lunch deals here are affordable and filling as well as very tasty and well presented. I had pasta primavera "soup" which was more like a pasta dish full of veggies for under $7 and the house blend tea, which was delicious.

The line can get a little long, but they will ask you to patiently wait in line instead of stand aimlessly over the dessert counter because then customers become upset when they aren't served in the correct order of arrival. It makes total sense (some lady stormed out because she was asked to wait in line when she wanted desserts - calm down sheesh)

I am definitely coming back!!
Miel Patisserie definitely deserves a four star or more.  I become a regular visitor of Miel Patisseire after I had a breakfast croissant there. 

I am a huge fun of croissant. I always order croissant wherever I go. I would say I couldnt expect more of a croissant after I had one there. It was crispy outside and soft inside. You could made it a breakfast sandwich with egg, cheese and sausage. I know..all them materials sounds normal, but they just have the magic to make the sandwich incredibly delicious. It is absolutely a must-try.

Tiramisu and Macaroon are also fantastic. Tiramisu is not made by a traditional Italian recipe because you cant really taste the flavor of rum. All my friends like it, no matter they love sweet or not.
J'y suis allé hier et il était superbe! Je ne sais pas si c'est en vertu d'une nouvelle propriété, mais le gâteau chocolat aux noisettes était, répétez après moi tout le monde: INCROYABLE!
If I want to channel my inner Marie Antoinette, I always make sure to stop by Miel's to stock up on their amazing macarons. I possibly look completely mental, running into the doors, just to be reunited with my love, the huge display of colourful macarons that I always happen to get one of each, excited that once the helpful, cheerful server hands them to me, I can devour them in a not so Queen of France manner.
BEWARE ON WHOLESALE ORDERS. WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY, DELIVER NOTHING ON YOUR WEDDING DAY, AND BLAME IT ON YOU TO COVER THE MISTAKE.

ZERO STARS.

I ordered a Croquembouche (tower of cream puffs) for my wedding day last Friday (10/18/2019) and it didn't show up.  When my venue called to check in on where it was, the OWNER of this establishment, Gelareh, told them that I never paid or finalized my order - WHICH WAS A LIE.  When the venue offered to send her money on the spot and asked if they could bring something over, her response was that the bakery was closing shortly and there was nothing that could be done.

I had several phone calls and texts with Gelareh during the month of September and she had charged my account for $250 weeks prior to the wedding WHEN WE FINALIZED MY ORDER.

When I went to the bakery the day after my wedding, the staff was extremely apologetic.  They were able to find my payment transaction in their system right away and processed the refund on the spot.  They passed a message onto the owner that I expected a phone call apology. 

She never called.  So I called her. 

She STILL tried to claim that I never finalized my order. And when I said that I have the texts and bank statements to prove her wrong, only then did she change her tune.  She BARELY apologized and basically said, 'there is nothing she can do at this point but I would if I could'.

I told her that the proper, PROFESSIONAL way that this should have been handled is - You are organized enough to be able to see that you HAD TAKEN MY MONEY and this was your mistake, and offered to send over WHATEVER pastries you could put together for me.

This woman has a complete disregard for process and professionalism.  She claimed she emailed me and called me when she never did - completely lying to save herself, and making me look unreliable. 

Again, a half apology and my money back was all I got. I would never trust them for anything remotely important to you.
$7.95 miel sandwich: pretty good, simple marinated chicken with asparagus and toasted panini style
I also got a tiramisu, 1 cappucino macaroon, 1 chocolate honey macaroon, 1 fruit tart and the total for everything came to $22.00

I know it's rittenhouse area, but for everything we got, although delicious .. not totally worth the bang for the buck. Which is why it is a solid 3 stars at A-OK
I'd like this place a whole lot more if it weren't so overpriced. And I'd probably be a regular, too. 

The pastries look pretty, and usually don't disappoint. My favorite thing about this glass-front pastry store is their selection of macaroons. So many different flavors-- including coffee, pineapple, guava, white chocolate--but each one will set you back $1.25. It's a pretty penny to pay for something that's not much bigger than 5 stacked quarters. Wait a second, I think I'm on to something.

Also, their coffee drinks, brioches, croissants are all fairly reliably tasty.
http://musingsofafoodaholic.wordpress.com/2011/12/09/a-parisian-experience-at-miel-patisserie/

A Parisian Experience at Miel Patisserie

Although I wasn't too impressed with Miel Patisserie's bourgeois French inspired service the first time round, the sandwiches kept me coming back. When it is a frigid winter's day and all you want is a hot crispy sandwich, this is a place to be. 
Hidden near Rittenhouse square at 204 South 17th Street, this cozy café was packed at 1pm and I barely managed to snag a seat near the window. It was also clearly a hit with the ladies, I mean I was the only guy there, I kid you not. Well, I in drag I could pass of as a girl too. 

If it is your first time to the corner café I absolutely must recommend the Le Miel sandwich ($7.95). This freshly prepared crispy pippin hot chicken fillet sandwich is served with delicious dripping melted brie and asparagus. Each crunchy bite is chocked full of tender flavor and sends me back to the chic sidewalks of the Champ Elysees. 

I also tried their Dijon sandwich ($6.75) and frankly I think after you have tried the best, the rest sort of trails behind. The combination of turkey, cheese and Dijon mustard was fine but then you get the sweet taste of the apricot jam mixed in with the savory and it just throws me off. Thankfully, a gulp of their freshly brewed ice tea solved that problem in a jiffy. 

No meal at Miel Patisserie is complete without at least trying one of their many decadence pastries. Their chocolate cakes can be a little heavy at lunch and can put you into a food coma at that after lunch staff meeting (By the way, I think staff meetings after lunch should be outlawed in favor of an afternoon nap, productivity would soar.) I recommend the fruit tart, light, petite, and with just the right amount of custard sweetness, it is the perfect way to get your daily dose of vitamin C! 

Dear Miel Patisserie, 

Je vous adore. 
Xoxo

MOAF

Overall rating: 4/5
Good macaroons, very rude staff. My wife and I walk in, check out the macaroons and there is a sign that says 'order macaroons at the register', so we head to the register. One of the employees is helping someone else, so after waiting a few minutes (no biggie) another employee comes out from the back and says, 'can I help whoever is next' (we were the only other people there), so we step up. He then says under his breath, 'alright then' turns around and walks into the back...we were dumbfounded. No idea what happened, but apparently he had no interest in serving us.
only came here for the macarons.  $1.50 a pop and it was much better than I anticipated!  Personally, I feel like these are actually on par with Laduree
I've walked past this place countless times over the years. Finally had a chance to stop by for lunch. I tried the Croque Monsieur sandwich. It's ham and a melted cheese on toasted sourdough bread. The bread was actually too thick for the sandwich. You can't really go wrong with ham and melted cheese, so it was good, but not good enough to come back for. 

I wasn't expecting the sandwich to be the star of my meal. I was really looking forward to dessert, so i bought two. I started off with the Tiramisu.  It was just ok. I've had better at many other places. Next up was the Luxe. This was a luxurious and delicious cake. It turned out I saved the best for last. But I'd recommend anyone else lead off with the luxe.
We just moved in around the corner from Miel, and when my boyfriend's mom--who was helping us move in and is a sucker for all things that are touted as special--caught a glimpse of Miel, she was sold.  Every time she walked by, she had to stop by and buy something.  Or ten somethings.  And then leave it for us.  I, protesting her ridiculousness, refused to touch the pastries.  We're only two of us.  We don't even have any groceries yet.  I'm trying to lose weight (as always).  And you're bringing us a bag full of pastries?!  So I ate a yogurt instead and glared disdainfully at the pretty packages, while she recounted the stories the owners had told her about them.

But after my boyfriend's mom left, I couldn't help myself.  I took a bite out of the multicolored cake, thinking it must look way prettier than it tastes.  But it was amazing.  My left hand had to force the fork out of my right so I would stop digging in.  The next day I tried a couple bites from the muffins.  They were tasty, but it's hard to do anything really special with muffins.  That night I tried two of her most recent purchases, one of which was supposed to be some recipe saved from someone's grandmother who died in the Holocaust.  And it's a good thing it was saved, because that cake, and the one that accompanied it, were some of the most delicious confections I've had.  Even the tiny berries that came on top of some of the pastries were delicious (unlike the ones I bought at the farmer's market last weekend).

I haven't actually stepped into the store or paid for any of their goods, and I don't know what any of the cakes I tried are called.  I didn't have the macarons, but I don't like macarons anyway.  I just suggest you go and indulge.  That way I won't be the only fatty on the block.
I had to visit because my cousin was raving about their chocolate croissants (like another reviewer, he also associates chocolate croissants with the bus stop), it's only a few blocks from my hotel, and I LOVE patisseries. 

It closes at 6pm on weekdays. I wasn't able to stop by until 5:40pm after work. As I predicted, the delicious chocolate croissants were sold out by now. But, a few almond croissants were left, as well as a lot of muffins, cookies, and madeleines. AND they were all 50% off (I'm not sure what time this sale begins every day). I didn't want this trip to the patisserie to be in vain, so I purchased an almond croissant and madeleine and happily went my way. 

The almond croissant was so fresh, airy, and flaky. The almond filling was not overly sweet. I'm definitely going back for the chocolate one... The madeleine was the underdog of the evening. It was simply AMAZING. I've had a lot of madeleines in my lifetime and this was the most perfect madeleine I've ever had. It was moist, cakey, not dry at all, and slightly crispy on the edges (I totally dig crispy). $3 for the croissant and madeleine. I highly recommend both! But, really, don't overlook the madeleines!

Also, the service here was great. I also saw tons of beautiful tarts and cakes that would be perfect for a birthday celebration.

**Update: I did make it back for chocolate croissant and it was as consistent as the almond croissant. I also tried a vanilla macaroon (which I spied in a huge apothecary jar near the cakes). It was too voluminous and crispy. Not chewy enough. Wouldn't recommend, but they sure are pretty to look at.
Easily the worst customer service (edit: in center city Philadelphia).  You are better off saving the time you wait by walking somewhere else.

The first time I tried Miel, there was no one at the counter.  Despite calling out twice, after a few minutes I went elsewhere.

The second time, my fiancee said we should try it again.  A very similar experience, this time we stood there at the register but the employees more or less ignored us.  I really don't know how to explain it, they seemed allergic to the customers.  

This last time, I only wanted macarons.  With Audabon closing, I didn't have a lot of options nearby.  I first stood by the macarons, as they have a register there.  After 3 or 4 minutes, with customers getting served in the other line (by coffee) I decide to go wait there.  Half the time, the employees were both in the back.  After waiting for a while, I ask for macarons and we head over there.  I started stating which ones I would like, having had a long time to look at the menu.  But now there are other people waiting there, and despite waiting by the macarons first, then waiting in the other line, I was rudely told "there are other people here before me".  I'm not sure if this is an extreme lack of customer awareness on behalf of the employees or a fault of a poorly designed location (two counters, with two employees, that go here or there whenever they please).  Thankfully the additional waiting time gave me the time to look up alternatives.  

For macarons, I recommend the nearby Metropolitan Bakery or the Sweet Endings at 13th and Walnut (which apparently carry Audabon macarons).  For coffee, there is Joe or Elixer nearby.  There is absolutely no reason to waste your time here.

To be frank, I cannot comment on the food or drink as I have never actually been able to eat or drink here.  I am now confident I never will, and I would advise anyone who even moderately values their time to find an alternative.
When I found out about this place, I literally cried.

After leaving Europe for over 10 years, I finally found a legit patisserie within reach of my daily happenings, a good start for somebody who grew up surrounded by artisan bakeries and pastry shops on every street corner. It was like I found myself again. 

The pastries are simply beautiful, both to the tastebuds and to the eyes. This place not only makes the prettiest pastries in town, but they also make them properly - not too sweet, while creating harmonious blends of complex flavors, colors, and texture. 

The Marjolaine is like the 2nd movement of Berlioz's "Symphonie Fantastique" in pastry form. The Opera cake is not too far off. This is the only place I've been to in 15 years that gets the Napoleon right. Though not traditionally a French pastry, their version of Cheesecake is also out of this world. Not to mention the Noisette, which is chocolate-hazelnut mousse layered over a delicate, yet flavorful wafer base, topped with a delicious and beautiful caramel glaze. 

And of course, there's the macarons... which appear to be a subject of much contention among reviewers. I think as long as people try a variety of offerings here, they will be pretty happy. 

I believe the best macarons I've ever tasted were in Paris, where they were practically perfected to the molecular level. Outside of Paris, I've found pretty good ones in New York. In Philly, I've experienced hits and misses at pretty much every location that makes them, even among vendors that specialize in macarons. However, from my experience, Miel has mostly delivered hits - especially in the areas flavor variety and texture. Among those, the salted caramel and cafe au lait varieties are must-tries. 

Besides satisfying my pastry addiction here, I've also come in for breakfast, lunch, and post-traumatic-work-day afternoon tea, and I've consistently had excellent experiences. I highly recommend it.
I rarely post unless I am completely moved to do so and it seems that my review will be echoing some earlier sentiments. I ordered a Tiramisu birthday cake a couple of days in advance but when I got to the bakery, the cake was never delivered. The employee told me that they never made the cake because my credit card did not go through. I looked at the receipt and despite having told the employee my credit card number over the phone (twice) when ordering, it was written incorrectly. Not once in the four day span from order to pickup was there an attempt to contact or notify me of this. Instead, they simply never fulfilled my order. 

So WARNING: in addition to placing an order you must apparently also need the foresight of an employee and manager in order to make sure everything is done correctly for your order.

I was told to choose a cake from the display but the employee told me the only Tiramisu cake they have was made a week earlier and suggested I didn't buy it. I settled for a mousse cake that was smeared on one side and of course no birthday customization; but apparently that was the best I could get. Suffice it to say that this simple mishap can ruin a birthday. 

I asked to speak to a manager and was told that they do not have one but that I could speak to the owner- conveniently only available via phone at the Cherry Hill location. When I called, the employee I spoke to was very short and told me that the owner is only available before 10AM and there is no other person I can speak to. I left my number in hopes of a returned phone call but that is probably too optimistic.

This entire experience has left a sour taste and I don't think I can bring myself to ever order from here again nor suggest it to anyone else.
I'm trying to think of the reasons why Miel Patisserie proved to be just an average experience:

- Maybe it's because I don't speak French?[1]
- Maybe I'm too bourgeois to appreciate it?[1]
- Maybe it's because I was the only guy in the establishment who was not wearing a suit?[1]
- Maybe it's because I was craving macarons and this place had terrible macarons compared to what I had elsewhere? They also only had one kind; boring.
- Maybe it's because when I requested and paid for the aforementioned macarons, the guy at the register grabbed the macarons with a napkin, held out his hand and said, "is it ok if I just give it to you like this?"

The macarons were cheaper than the New York ones, so that's great I guess. I'll give it another shot because they have some delicious looking and delightfully expensive pastries that I would love to try in the near future. I'll put on a tie next time.

[1]Not actually the reason for my average experience.
Wonderful macarons (usually fresh), a great selection of European-style cakes, good but small selection of teas. The only negative is that service on several occasions has been very rude and, interestingly enough, condescending. I have spent hundreds of dollars on macarons and cakes and love this place, but over the past 4-5 visits, I have found their staff to be uncorteous, if not even passive aggressive. When they serve the cake or take the credit card, they make very little eye contact, don't smile, when I leave them a tip, there is no thank you, no  t even a thank you for your purchase or have a good day. They make you feel like they are obliging you in a way. And that's 2 separate of their employees (a Caucasian guy who wears a hat and a girl who wears her hair up in a bun with at times a band around her head), with two  or three others employees being very nice.

 My boyfriend noted the same thing several times. 

About us: we are professionals (a physician and an IT professional) in our 30s and as a group likely constitute a good portion of their clientele. 

We suggest that the management of Miel Patisserie either replaces several of their staff members or teaches them the common courtesy that is observed everywhere else. Truly, this is the only place in Philadelphia where staff experiences have been repetitively negative. 

Also, in the season of FLU, please don't use your hands to take out a packet of tea and twist it and touch all over it and then put in my cup, without washing your hands and then touching everyone else's money and credit cards.
To be honest I was a little disappointed ! I came in only for the Macaroons , and was very excited they have in many flavors. They looked very colorful and delicious!! However, after tried several of different flavors , they tasted the same !!  Only sweet no other flavors u can feel .. I still love the Laduree the best!!
Bad service!!! 
I ordered a cake on which I needed the server to write happy birthday. 
It took him 20min even though the place was empty. He took the cake to the back and since I was waiting I wanted to see what he was doing. The guy was liking his fingers while he was writing on my cake. I dont even know if the cake is good but Im not sure Im gonna try it after what I saw.
Miel was once a dependable favorite of mine when I was craving a delicate and beautiful dessert-y treat. This was back in the day when downtown Philly didn't have so many sugary options to offer. Because of the abundance of options we have now, it had been years since my return.

Well, I went back recently and was happy to see that they are still baking and serving delightfully delicious things. 

On this particular trip, we had an entire plate of macarons (which my annoying and slightly douchey friend told me was pronounced "like MACARONI, without the 'i.'"  *insert eyeroll* 

Anyway, I didn't even think I like macarons, but Miel changed my mind with their rendition, and since then I have been craving one of these pretty little pastries every single day. Especially delicious are the lemon poppyseed and the salt caramel flavors. When you are selecting the flavors you want, make sure you get 2 of those. Trust me, you will regret it if you don't. 

The coffee was also delicious and deserves an honorable mention. 

I was MOST excited about the pistachio. I saved the lucious looking green macaron for last ..... but when I took that first, what was supposed to be GLORIOUS bite, I found out that it was MINT! BLEH. And this is why this review lost some stars. Because that was a crushing blow. That, and the fact that their staff really is a bit on the atrocious side.... but mostly that. 

Anyway, if you want macarons, get them from miel. They were a million times (no exaggeration) better than Garces Trading company, and that's hard for me to say cuz I'm a total Garces fangirl. 

As for the other desserts, I did find that some of their pastries have a tendency to be dry or stale tasting. I do think that is based on volume/lack of turnover. I'd suggest going on a  Saturday morning, which I would ASSUME would offer some of the freshest selections. 

MACARONS!
My fiance and I made an appointment to speak to the manager of Miel Patisserie to arrange for a macaron tower for our wedding.  We drove all the way in to Center City to speak to him, show him pictures of what we had in mind, etc.

I arrived a few minutes before my fiance did and asked the young man behind the counter to let the manager know I was here, and she would be here momentarily.  The kid replied, "The manager's not here," then he gestured toward the phone and added, "It'll have to be a phone interview.  You can wait over there until she gets here, then I'll call him." Didn't apologize, offer a coffee, nothing.

When she arrived, we told the kid to let the manager know we had changed our mind.  I reminded him this was our wedding and noted that we expected better service -- or at least mild interest -- at a time like this.  He shrugged again and basically said, "Whatever," and we left.

Since then, the manager has made no attempt to contact us.  This cost us several hours out of our work day, as well as the gas and mileage to and from Center City.  Hard to imagine such unprofessionalism, discourtesy and lack of service.  How do they stay in business?

Anyway, we will find another local baker for our macaron tower and will post the results here, so everyone knows where the better options are.
I was excited to come in and take a look at this place, thinking it would be similar to Laduree...boy was I wrong, in a bad way. I was honestly pretty disappointed with my first experience there today. I was hoping for more pastries to be available, granted it was mid-afternoon when I went, so that might be why there were very few items to select from in the front show case. 

Also, there is a $5 minimum for credit cards, so I was forced to buy more than just my espresso. I opted to get 2 macarons (gingerbread and chestnut). The macarons were pretty good, I liked the gingerbread much better than the chestnut, the filling in the chestnut was a weird thick texture and it just wasn't for me. I also didn't think it tasted very chestnutty, so that stinks. (The macarons were $1.75 each if I remember correctly). 
***One thing that REALLY turned me off was the fact that I saw a fly walking around on a piece of pound cake in one of the pastry cases. So gross. I was also a bit disappointed with the pastry selection. Maybe it was just me and the fact that I wanted a lighter selection of pastries and not dense looking mini-cakes. 

I will try to give Miel Patisserie another shot to try and win me over, but my first trip to this store was a bit underwhelming.
Miel has been my favorite pastry shop since the day it opened in the Village Walk in Cherry Hill.   Beyond thrilled was I when a Rittenhouse Square location eventually opened. 

Over the years, we have tried all of Miel's offerings, and virtually every important celebration has included a treat from Miel.    Indeed, there was no question that Miel would be the patisserie responsible for the centerpiece of our dessert table for our wedding at the Four Seasons Hotel.    Cake simply would not do;   I grew up in a cake-free home.   Important celebrations always included pastry.  Much as I adore  Miel's macarons, I knew I would regret ordering the oh-so-trendy "macaron tree" just as wearing vivid color shoes with a classic wedding dress always is an error when viewed with the clarity of hindsight. 

Croquembouche was the perfect answer.  It is the classic French wedding pastry, consisting of tiny profiteroles built in a conical shape and bound with threads of spun caramel.   Ours was built around a gorgeous vintage bottle of Dom Perignon, an engagement gift from dear friends.   The delightful  secret of the Croquembouche is that on the newlyweds' first anniversary, they have a lovely bottle of champagne to share instead of pieces of freezer-burnt cake.

Notably, a dear friend and native Parisian has proclaimed Miel an authentic patisserie and cafe.   And in addition to amazing pastry, their coffee and lunch offerings are terrific.
Meh.

The place is elegant and beautiful.  The presentation is excellent.  The pastries look divine.  But the taste is average.  It's a bit expensive to be average.  There's not much more to say than that.  I was disappointed.
Blame it on the mac-mac mac mac- mac macarons. 

Lots of flavors to pick from! We had Pistachio, Rose, Cafe au Lait, and Raspberry. The Pistachio flavor was too mild, the Rose flavor was too strong. The Cafe au Lait was too mild, and the Raspberry was just okay. 

It was a beautiful cafe with lots of seating, but overall I wasn't as impressed as I thought I would be. I had read these reviews of the incredible baked goods and how it was a must see. I don't know, maybe it was just an off day. The staff were snooty and not helpful (rushing us instead of accommodating to make our decision easier), and looking through the options in the cases, we felt like we were in the way.

Maybe next time.
This place could use a bit of business process redesign. The servers could use a bit of congeniality training. And they could stand to update the sidewalk board a soon as the soup they are advertising on it runs out. 

The sidewalk board advertised chicken vegetable soup. I stopped in for a bowl of it and a roll for lunch. When someone at the counter finally took my order, I was told there was no more soup of the day. Darn! Just as I was about to leave, a server comes out of the back with a huge dish of soup to deliver to someone at a table. 

WTH?!?!?! Excuse me. Did you tell me there was an alternate soup when you told me the advertised soup was all gone? What kind of sales pitch is that? What kind of "keeping business alive" is that? Stupid little snotty nose brats. 

I had to ask. "Is any more of THAT soup available?" They were like "...uh duh oh that one uh duh oh yeah that one is still available" "Well what kind is it? Can I get a cup or bowl? How much does it cost? Can you pack it to go? WTH kind of place is this? Do you want to sell stuff or what?" 

Finally, I received and paid for a pint of too-sweet butternut squash soup and a roll. I was glad I checked my bag. They hadn't included a spoon. What? Do you have a plastic spoon? Kthanksbye. 

I returned to the conference slightly ticked and with my head spinning at the weird experience at Miel that left me feeling "Meh, I've had better." I doubt I'll return to this place. Even though it was adorable from the outside and on the inside. I just can't tolerate that kind of idiocy in business.
I've come here a few times, and I've gotta say it's one of the cutest cafes in the city. It has very European cafe chairs inside and outside when the weather is nice. The name of the cafe is the word "honey" in French, and they have a honeycomb gate with a bee on it at the front of the store. The place also has a huge selection of dessert options, so I'm sold! 

I came here for lunch for the first time today, and it was delicious and relatively inexpensive. I ordered the half sandwich and soup combo which was around $7 and added a mini-pastry for $1. The vegetarian sandwich was one of the best I've had--grilled portobella, peppers, mozzarella, and pesto--yum! I ordered the curried cauliflower soup with chickpeas to go with it, and it had a very good, rich flavor. I chose the tiramisu for my pastry, and it was good but I wanted it to be more creamy and less cakey. My friend ordered a large bowl of the pasta primavera soup, which was very filling and pretty good. I've had their espresso drinks and croissants at other times, and they are awesome.
Oh, Miel. Why must your pastries - your tiny little pastries - cost so much money that I feel ashamed for buying them?  It's not as though I can simply say to myself, "$6?! Your pastries aren't even that GOOD!"...because they are. Not only do you make some of the most attractive treats in town (and what's wrong with that?), your french macaroons send me into a state of sugar-induced bliss.  Perfectly chewy, deliciously creamy and brightly colored to boot! You truly are a complete package, Miel. Smart, attractive and good in bed. It's just too bad we're from different worlds, you and I.  Me with my humble beginnings and you born into aristocracy. I'll just have to settle for your "day old" selection...
I happened to find this place just by walking by on my way home from work. I only stopped because I saw the macarons through the window. I actually walked past. Did a double take. And then went inside. The macarons were $1.25 each but since I used LevelUp for the first time I got 4 macarons for $3. I ate the lemon and rose petal (got a pistachio and raspberry for my husband) and they were absolutely delicious. I get macarons from Laduree every time I am in Paris and miss them terribly all other times. The rose petal was incredible. The lemon was also quite tasty but sweeter than I am used to. I will definitely be going back the next time I have a macaron craving or find myself missing Paris.
I've had a bit of a food-crush on macarons for quite some time. I've taken classes to make them, and sampled them in Paris (Ladurée is the best!), Barcelona, Munich,  Brussels, and New York, to name a few. 

For our Philadelphia wedding, I knew it wouldn't be complete with out my favorite dessert. Finding just the right macaron is hard--options abound in Philadelphia with MANY noteworthy options. However, to get as close to perfection as Paris, Miel is hands down the best. 

Their macarons perfectly imitate those at Ladurée in terms of texture, shape, and taste. Their flavors range from decadent to light and fruity, and I love them all. After speaking with their staff, coming up with the appropriate flavor combinations, they created beautiful towers to adorn our dessert tables that were almost--ALMOST--too good to eat. 

Brides rarely get to eat at their wedding, but I'm grateful someone snuck me one of these macarons. We celebrated our engagement in Paris over glasses of champagne and these beautiful little delights, so it was only perfect to savor our wedding day with them too!
Sloppy and unreliable.
Ordered a cake for a birthday, well in advance. Went to pick it up on the day andddddd... Ops, no cake. "Sorry, the order was never transferred to the kitchen. You can pick one on display."
There were just two, smaller than the one I ordered. Of course, no customization.
Needless to say, there was no way to have a cake made somewhere else within 2 hours.
You had to do ONE thing, and you ended up ruining a birthday. Way to go, Miel.
My one star review has nothing to do with the quality of the food, but rather the service. The pastries at Miel are fantastic, as are the cakes. I've never had a bad one.

However, the service is terrible. I've been to both locations and they do not understand customer service at all. I tried to order macarons one time, they said fine, which flavors would I like? I didn't know what flavors were available, so I asked them- there is no listing or menu anywhere. Then they tell me, but also mention that not all flavors are available at any given time. So we go through this long-winded ordeal of trying to find out what flavors will be available- then they take my name and number, said they will call me back. They never called me, so I guess that's an order that they will never get.

Then to follow up, I tried to order a cake from them- that was a fiasco- wasn't packaged properly, staff was rude.

The owner's attitude summed it up the best- he told me "if you don't like it, then you don't have to take it, get out." I don't care how much you may not like the customer, but you NEVER say that to someone. There is a much nicer way to say the same thing, obviously these people don't care.

They also don't pay their bills on time, so if they treat their customers like crap, then they don't pay their suppliers on time and treat them like crap, nice way to run a business.
I enjoy coming here, often when in the area, they have lots of pastries to choose from.  I enjoyed the muffin which was moist, tasty and delicious, the cupcake was also moist and tasty, very cutely decorated in time for Easter.  They have a lot of macarons - I tried a few the other day and they were okay, pretty to look at but my thing is more a cookie, cupcake or muffin.  They were carrying Orangina, love it but do keep La Croix in stock.  You can pay on your card with Square and there is seating available, not the most comfortable chairs but quiet enough to get some reading, knitting done or to be able to have a nice conversation with friends.  The price is reasonable and they're located right off of Walnut St which is very convenient to shopping, also near the Medical Tower Building, Saint Mark's Church, Oggi Salon and lots of businesses on Rittenhouse Square, including the park!  Cute shop!
Meh. We had the macarons here because we had heard they were good but we were terribly unimpressed. We found them not be rather dry and tasteless side which made them seem even more expensive. 

We tried a variety of flavors, including blueberry, red velvet, chocolate, salted caramel, pistachio, raspberry, and coffee.

Some of them were better than others (salted caramel and red velvet) but with so many macaron options now, I recommend skipping this one. I heard the pastries are better so next time I would try those instead.
The macaroons deserve 5 stars.  They are phenomenal.  I adore this place.  The food is great and characteristically bistro.  I recently had the gazpacho which surprised me with an uncharacteristic smokiness of adobo chile.  Ultimately, I keep going back for the macaroons!
Hello reasonable lunch in Center City.

Stopped in a here a few days ago looking for coffee and some sustenance.  The decor is quite grand inside and definitely reminiscent of European cafes that I have seen.  Lots of golds, marble and bright with natural light.  I looked over the menu and settled on the parisian sandwich.

My coffe, (La Colombe) was brewed just fine and served up promptly.  My sandwich when it arrived was on thick sliced bread with a nice portion of ham and mustard with gruyere.  Chips on the side were just the right portion for me and best part of all, the price was not gouging.  I think I was out for under 10 with my coffee which is nice to do for a sandwich of this caliber.

I'll be back to try more sandwich options and maybe snag one of their very tempting desserts.
After years I decided to swallow my pride and go back. I waited by the pastry section for several minutes, completely ignored, even though the two employees working there weren't assisting any other customers. Granted, they were tidying up, but their chores can wait until after they serve a waiting customer. It's as if they decided to import Parisian snobbery to give you a full cultural experience, but in Paris people are much more polite. So I decided not to wait any longer, and rather go to Swiss Haus where they have friendly staff that greet you and help you without you having to chase them down. Miel's employees should get off their high horse.
Pleasant customer service pastries and coffee is so delicious loved the cafe a must visit
Wide selection of high quality fine patisseries, the type that you'd find on a street in Paris without costing you an arm and a leg. Owned by La Colombe, but definitely with more of a messy, homey European feel.

[ desserts ]
Amazing selection: basic homestyle desserts like cookies and croissants; fine pastries such as chocolate cakes, tiramisu, coffee cakes, strawberry shortcake, carrot, and panna cotta; and a wide chocolate selection as well.

Portioning is convenient: cakes come in tiny bite-sized pieces, slightly larger ones for sharing between two people, and large group-sized ones.

They also have sugar-free versions of their popular desserts!

Only complaint is that I wish they had signs and labels for prices and what each item is, so that you don't have to ask the servers about each individual item.

[ macarons ]
Towards the back of the shop is a large selection of small macarons. I think they are more nuanced in flavour and more well-made than Sugar Philly, which is the more well-known macaron source in Philadelphia.

All macarons that I ever eat get compared against the gold standard, Ladurée in Paris. These are less fine and heavier in flavour and texture, but still quite good (7.5/10):

-Green tea: strong and well-flavoured, small flecks of tea leaves in the cookie
-Earl grey chocolate: sounded great in theory, but not so good in execution. Earl grey flavour just didn't marry well with the chocolate.
-Fleur (d'oranger et rose): my personal favourite. Heavier and not as subtle as the Ladurée version, but quite good nonetheless.

Quality coffee and drink menu too.

[ vibe ]
Definitely hints of Paris café culture, without the snobbery. French music on an iPod dangling from a cable next to the milk and sugar stand, which was cute in a disheveled kind of way.

Servers wear cute black fedoras and are quite attentive and friendly.

There's about 6 tables inside, a bar facing the window (great for work or people-watching), and a table outside as well.

[ conclusion ]
Worth a stop for high-quality desserts at a great price in a nice European environment.
Had their chocotalet hazelnut creme brulee and it was delicious. The hazelnut flavor definitely came through and it wasn't too sweet, just the way I like it. However, I don't usually get creme brulee so not sure if it was the best creme brulee ever.

I also got 4 macarons. I don't like the artificial food coloring they have in them. Food coloring makes them look more like candy instead of a pastry. The earl grey and chocolate macaron I got was an aqua blue. Since when is earl grey aqua blue?? Someone had mentioned the pistachio macaron in another review and said it wasn't too sweet. I thought it was too sweet! At least it was sweeter than the creme brulee. I ate them together. I had the macaron and went back to creme brulee and couldn't taste the sweetness in the creme brulee anymore. One of my 4 macarons was also old. It was hard and the inside had the consistency of tar. Gross.

Overall I probably won't come back here for macarons again. $1.75 for a macaron the size of a small apricot is a terrible ripoff. So far, the best macarons I've had are from the SugarPhilly truck!
I stopped by here to kill some time before my physical therapy session.  I know it was 8:30 in the morning but who says I can't eat macarons for breakfast!  I tried the lemon poppy seed, pomegranate walnut, earl grey, and chocolate coconut.  They came in one size (I must be spoiled from Sugar Philly Truck with their large size).  But I was fascinated by the different flavors.  I was surprised with the earl grey flavor the most.  Funny, I don't like the tea but it was great as a macaron.  The pomegranate was a jelly filling and too sweet for my taste.  I was hoping to like the chocolate coconut but it was more chocolate than coconut, and I love coconut!

All in all, they were satisfactory but I think I'll stick to Sugar Philly Truck in my part of town.
Literally THE WORST customer service I have ever had. The lady that took our order did not say ONE word to us and when my panini was done they yelled panini, set it on the counter and disappeared into the back. Will not be going back
This is so exceedingly adorable. You hear la vie en rose and immediately start speaking French.... how do they to dis?! 
Really captures the French 'Joie de vivre' .... the joy of life. 
I had earl grey with my friends and we shared some delicate yet delicious sweet treats. 
Staff was lovely.
Free WiFi too. And two outdoor tables on this glorious day!
UPD. 

I can't believe it was my 5 star review for them from 2 years ago. Still being in quite a shock..

Went there for lunch, Miel sandwich was ok, but no arugula at all, very dry. Still somehow the sandwich was not the problem. They mixed my order, forgot one item and when I brought their attention to it - the guy checked the trash can(!) O.O before checking the order and before stating he never put it in the order (and it WAS in the order) and again - never apologized. 

Not sure I'm coming back. That picture w/trash can will haunt me for quite awhile now.......
Very snobby!  Don't know if the food is good because they didn't even wait on me as I waited in line.  4 people working there passed me by, as I stood at the counter with money in my hand. Won't give them another try.  Too many good places without attitudes.
I'll start off by admiring how gorgeous the cakes and pastries are. When you step in the patisserie, you feel like you're in France (which can either go uncomfortably or excitingly). The pastries and cakes are presented perfectly. I ordered a tiramisu and another cake that I can't pronounce or spell.. Either way, they tasted average. The cakes were delightfully visually appealing though!

Overall, it was a decent experience. I loved how the tables were marble--very classy.
The service here was pretty confusing. First I had a gentlemen who started helping us and then he passed us to a lady. That lady seemed very confused. When I asked her a question she couldn't answer my question and asked another person. Then we ordered coffee and the lady walked away again confused. Seeing how confused I was with the lady, somone else helped with my coffee. Service was meh.

As for the actual desserts, we had macaroons which was super sweet. They were a bit hard and the filling was not light and a bit on the solid side. I also got a Creme brûlée. The Creme was a bit heavy, I've definitely had better. The coffee was alright. 

All in all a cute place to be, but the food is only okay.
When I passed by this place I was so exited to come back. I came back in the morning and ordered breakfast with macchiato and a little pastry. 
By the time I was waiting I starting to realize that the music they were playing on the background was Salsa!!! that was very unexpected in a French bakery. 
I finally got my macchiato in to go cup. It was served in a small to go cup (like the one from Starbucks) but the cup felt empty and I opened it to make sure I ordered a coffee not an espresso. Yes the cup was 2/3 empty. The cashier told me that they did everything correct. I was shocked. That was not what I expected at all!!!  I didn't even touched it and went to order a black tea. The tea bag what they have didn't impress me at all. The taste was ok. $4 for a cup of tea. I think it's a little overpriced.
The pastry I ordered was pretty good and the breakfast also.  No concern.
The view what I had from the window that I was close by was really beautiful 

I loved the interior, it has a lot of beautiful details like a little angels  and flowers on tables. 

It was all good, until I ask the cashier if they have a bathroom. The cashier lady directed me where was it. You go almost inside the kitchen and then yes, they have a bathroom. I opened the door and OMG there was a big water heater in the corner!!!
Nailed it, guys!
Has the façade of a fancy French patisserie, and if you walk in, get some macarons and walk to Rittenhouse Park, you could be thinking 'wow, this a 5-star establishment.' 

However, if you stay for longer than 5 minutes you'll soon realize this is an impersonal, mismanaged bakery wherein the owners entrust it to be manned by a few mid-20ers who spend their off-time talking to each other in the back room.

The coolers of pastries were sloppy, my espresso was barely warm and a bit short, and where I sat smelled a bit moldy.

One would expect this from a hole in the wall shop in an out-of-the-way neighborhood, but not when one is in a prime location paying for high end pastries.  

Having said all that, the macarons are excellent!
Macarons are very good and decent pricing than some other places. These little sugar snacks were the only reason I came and the only items I purchase from this place.  It has some of the usual flavors, like chocolate and pistachio, but my favorite was still the rose. 

The flavors were written on a paper on top of the counter, so a minor suggestion is to have label stands in front of the macarons instead.  

Outdoor seating is a nice addition and it is in a nice location, close to Rittenhouse, only a few blocks.  I'll definitely come here again!
Why are people hating on this place? The la miel sandwich is super tasty. They have a half sandwich and a soup deal for $8. Bread is solid. Number of chocolate cakes available and macaroons. Friendly staff. They take credit card. Overall, small and cute cafe with plenty of options that are all good!
Yummy Yummy Yummy especially in the fall they have an apple tart, it's DE-Lish.  The price is VERY pricey, but everything is so pretty!  Not so practical to have for an everyday thing, BUT if you were going to a house warming or just for a gift?  These little pastries are packaged for you so pretty that it's worth it just showing up with this little yellow box with honeycombs on it.

There's one in Cherry Hills too if you want to check it out.  It's on Route 70 at The Village Walk tucked all the way in the back
