I met Michelle C for coffee and breakfast at Miles Table on a cold winter morning and I really liked it! The cafe has a very comfy, causal feel to it making it the perfect spot for us to meet and get some work done. 

We both ordered omelets with just slight variations in our three add-ons. I asked for onions, mushrooms, and provolone on mine which are staple omelet choices for me. It was very simple but delicious and huge! I enjoyed the whole grain toast and potatoes it came with and was happy sipping on my hot coffee between bites. 

I don't live on South otherwise I'm sure this would become my go-to breakfast joint. For now, it will be a good meet-up for both of us!
I've been a fan of Miles Table since they first opened. Their menu is a mix of brunch staples and some sandwiches and salads. If you dine-in, they often have a lineup of interesting specials. I've always had great experiences with their friendly staff, as well. 

I've also ordered delivery on multiple occasions. Their delivery is always really fast and I've never had any issues with accuracy for my orders. 

My go-tos are the build-your-own omelet, vegetable avocado wrap, turkey club and avocado blt (preferably on a wrap). Their chipotle sauce is amazing and I would eat it on anything. I have noticed that they can be a little heavy handed with onions on sandwiches and salads; my recent vegetable avocado wrap was a bit overpowered by them. Definitely something I'll want to remember when placing my order in the future. I'm sure it's only a matter of time! 

Thanks for feeding the neighborhood, Miles Table!
Much love to the newest eatery on South! Yelptern Enid C and I met for dinner on Monday night and my cobb salad was so delish, I went back a couple days later and ordered it again, to go. Their buttermilk dressing is addictive!

Enid's sandwich was enormous and she took half home for another meal. I'm so excited to check out the rest of the menu. This is going to become one of my go-tos. Also, the staff is friendly, the prices are right and the place is super clean. Cute bathroom, too.

There is definitely five star potential for Miles Table but since I've only been twice and had the same thing both times, I'll go with a very solid four for now.
We ordered Christmas dinner from Miles Table and not only was the food phenomenal, but the ordering process was seamless. 

Alysia was super friendly and helpful when I called to place my order and once it arrived within our 2-hour delivery window, she sent a follow-up email detailing how to heat everything up. It couldn't have been any easier.

The food was amazing - we loved everything from the potato leek soup to the braised short ribs and roasted veggies. The bourbon pumpkin pie was delish and our parents thought so too since we shared half of it with them.

I had never dined at Miles Table pre-pandemic, but once things open back up, I certainly plan on doing so. Until then, I highly recommend online ordering or catering.
The food here is fantastic. If that is literally all you care about you will have a very enjoyable time.

Some of the woes of this places is really unavoidable, the limited seating, the hustle and bustle, etc. I don't mind these at all when it comes to quality food at a great price.

For those who are not familiar with the establishment, you order at the counter and they give you a number you place on the self seating table and they bring your food out. Works pretty well for such a small place.

My biggest complaint was the cashier. Seemed pretty oblivious to customer service. Not only did he not acknowledge me when I came up to the counter waiting for him to greet me and notice me before I started talking to him (he didn't even make eye contact to let me know he was ready), he offered no thank you when I paid nor did he offer to give me a receipt.

Now, these all seem like small issues, but this is not how you present yourself to customers as an establishment. You greet your customers not just for politeness but to also let them know you're ready for them. You say thank you to your customers not just for gratitude but to let them know the transaction is done. Really seemed like the dude did not want to be there or that somehow he was doing me a favor for coming to the place.

This alone makes me reconsider visiting again. Such a shame since the food is delicious. I wish I could overlook this experience simply for the food but I don't think I can ever forget such an odd experience.
Met a friend here for a breakfast, the location initially made me nervous thinking about the parking situation on South Street. Well this Sunday I was in luck I found and parked approximately 20 feet from the restaurant. My friend who arrived about 15 minutes later was almost as lucky, less than a block away. Let's start with the entrance, the steps are very high with no railing for those who may need 'assistance' this could be problematic.  Additionally I did not see a method a person who requires wheelchair access could enter. But they absolutely need a railing at the minimum.  Once inside the place was nice and neat with plenty of tables and chairs, they can accommodate small or larger parties (about 10 in group). I prefer table service but it wasn't an option. While at the counter I went over the menu and stated to the staff 'hum so many choices', no response just a smile. So I went with my gut. 

My pumpkin spice waffle was delivered to my table very timely. With that being said it was room temperature and soft although I asked for a firm waffle. I really dislike spongy waffles especially if they're not hot. Once you add syrup the waffle becomes soggy or mushy, ugh....However the roasted sweet potatoes were good, the candied pecans delicious but I must say the whipped cream was fresh and flavorful just outstanding! The coffee was okay nothing to write home about and nothing to make me return. The restaurant only had three other guest and several delivery or pick up orders. No reason not to serve hot food!
Since moving to the neighborhood, we had passed Miles Table so many times and were looking forward to trying it. I'm torn with my rating.  We just didn't have a great experience with our food as every other Yelper to merit a 4-star. 

I ordered the Avocado Toast, which is accompanied by potatoes.  The eggs were not over easy (as my picture shows) and the potatoes were overly salty.  My husband ordered one of the specials and it also failed to deliver a solid punch in taste or flavor.  

The service and the employees were super friendly and we will give this place another try in the future, since we live so close.
I had lunch plans with a friend and we needed somewhere that was not quite a formal sit down, but nicer than grabbing a sandwich at a chain spot. After consulting Yelp for neighborhood favorites that were open for lunch, I found Miles Table. I have walked past it a few times so I was familiar and curious to try it for myself!

Now I can't remember the day of the week, but I was trying to decide between a french toast option or a burger - how could one person want both of these things at the same time? I couldn't tell you - but I learned that there was a special on the burgers so that made my decision easy. It seems that Miles Table has a different special every day of the week.

We placed our orders inside at the counter and then went to grab a table outside. When our food was ready, it was brought out to our table with utensils and condiments. My burger was delicious and the fries were perfect too! Such a generous serving that I ended up sharing with my friend.

The service was very friendly and the price point was really reasonable. Miles Table is the perfect spot to grab a quicker than a formal sit down meal, while supporting an awesome local business.
Last week I grabbed a quick brunch here before flying out for a business trip. A few hours later I'm sitting on the plane making small talk with the guy sitting next to me and he tells me he had a great brunch at none other than Miles Table, at the exact same time as me. In the romantic comedy version of my life we would have fallen in love and had our first date at Miles Table. IRL we just talked about how it was a solid spot for brunch and went on with our lives.

I've been here a few times and I hate repeating restaurants but I keep coming back so they're doing something right. Also it's close to my apartment, reasonably priced, and fast-order-at-the-front style (but you don't feel like it's fast food because they bring the food to your table for you so you feel fancy). When it's nice out they have a few tables outside which is great to people watch from. 

I wasn't crazy about the kale salad but I recently had awesome vegan mole chilli topped with avocado, which I promptly un-veganized by adding an egg. Pretty sure all chili should come like that now. On my last visit I enjoyed a breakfast sammy with turkey sausage, egg, cheese, and arugula which was just delectable.

I'll be seeing you around Miles Table. And plane guy, let's make this movie version of my life come true k? Thx. Jk that'd be weird. This is not a missed connection I swear.
If I lived in Philly, I know for sure that Miles Table would be a constant go to for me. Why? Their menu is wonderfully varied, which is perfect for anyone with food ADD who can't eat the same thing twice in a week. They have healthy and less-healthy options to suit your level of willpower on any given day. They serve breakfast til 5pm (OMG). And they have both a great dine-in space and offer delivery! 

When I was in town I very much enjoyed the falafel burger. It's not something I've tried before, but I found it to be much more flavorful and interesting than your typical veggie burger. I loved the feta in it, too! It was huge and came with a delicious side of salad. But they have so much more than just burgers: pizza, sandwiches, salads, grilled cheese, and exciting specials on their boards daily! 

To top it off, the service was friendly and helpful and it wasn't too packed during lunchtime on a weekday. It's pretty much my idea of heaven. I wish they would open a location in New York!
Miles Table is the only place I can think of in Philly for delicious, affordable, well-executed food made from high quality ingredients. Even though I had a burger and fries the first time I came here (they are half-price on Wednesdays!), I did not hate myself afterwards, both because it was well-portioned, but not too heavy, and I did not spend all of my money by coming here. The burger patty was fresh, served on a toasted bun, and it came with fresh toppings. The service was very quick. I ordered at the counter, and the food came within 10 minutes. 

On my second visit, I tried the tilapia tacos. There was plenty of tilapia, topped with pickled red cabbage, avocado slices, jalapenos, and radish, wrapped in blue tortilla shells, and served with a lemon slice. They tasted healthy and delicious. There was plenty of seating available. I would love to come back to try some of their brunch options.
i want to go back and eat everything on the menu. 
and on the specials menu, too.

sunday funday in philly started with the intent to brunch at the cambridge. but they didn't have room for a party of 8 and we were getting hangry so the long wait was a no-no. so crepe is nextdoor and is delish, but was just about closed (yes, it was a late brunch... don't judge me) so that was out too. a few steps later, we were in front of miles table and everything sounded so effing delectable. 

and it was. 

we got a few dishes to go (boozy late brunch picnic in the park? yes please!) and i fell in love. the creme brule french toast looked spectacular- topped with fresh strawberries and a thick layer of creme brulee custard. devoured. the miles burger was huge, cooked right, and the boys loved them. 
as for me, i went with the falafel burger, topped with avocado. it was perfect. i want to eat it again. next time, though, i'll ask them not to mash the avocado. anddd the bun was a bit too big for me, so i went without half of it. the topless falafel burger was sooooooo many yums. 

seriously, do it. and take me back with you!
I've gotten dinner at/from Miles Table countless times, but today was my first time for brunch. Their brunch photos on Facebook always make me salivate, so I've been wanting to try for a while now. It was crazy crowded...they do quite a business on Sunday mornings! I wasn't super hungry so I decided to go with the breakfast sandwich with egg whites, cheese, and sriracha turkey sausage on multigrain bread. The sandwich was pretty good...sausage was flavorful but not spicy and multigrain bread tasted homemade and hearty. My friend's divorced eggs really stole the show...she definitely ordered better than I did. I will be ordering that dish when I go back. Coffee refills were unclear, but when I asked the (extremely nice and hard-working) busboy/waiter if I could go up for a refill, he kindly took my mug and got me more.

Seating/ordering is kind of chaotic when they are super busy. Some people were reserving tables with coats and then going up to the counter to order (20+ minute line) while other people ordered their food and then couldn't find a table because others who came in after them had "reserved" tables before ordering. I think there should be a better system, or a sign that says you can't reserve a table before you order. Just seems inconsistent and unfair if some people are doing it but others don't know that's an option.

Overall, a great spot for any meal. Super friendly employees and great food!
Miles Table has to be one of the most well rounded restaurants in Philadelphia. As in they do breakfast, lunch and dinner wonderfully. Service is also friendly and kind. I only wish other restaurants in the area could take a page out of their book.

I finally made it to Miles Table for brunch and it was wonderful. There was a slight wait but the guy behind the counter was absolutely top notch as he offered us coffee and we ordered before we sat down. He also kept our bottle of champagne for mimosas cold while we waited. As we sat down, our food, orange juice and an opened bottle of champagne arrived as we were just taking our jackets off. I was extremely impressed by this. 

Two in our party got the sausage and brioche and another got the short ribs and eggs (a special I believe). Everything was great. 5/5 all around.

A perfect experience at Miles Table. I think it's safe to say that Miles Table has made it onto my list of favorite restaurants in the Philadelphia area for both breakfast/brunch and dinner.
half off burger wednesday is amazing! I've already been 2 or 3 times. Amazing burger. Cooked well. Not greasy. 
The run out of burgers now that everyone knows about Wednesdays. The Miles beef burger is way better than the turkey burger, but at half off, I'd take either.
They also have this awesome sausage and egg on brioche breakfast sandwich!
Always friendly service.
I absolutely love this place! My falafel burger was so good and came with a ton of tasty fries. Next time I'm gonna come back on a Wednesday when their burgers (including the falafel) are half price! My friend and I stayed for almost 2 hours chatting and catching up, so I would recommend it as a place where you can hang out and not feel rushed to leave. The staff are also very friendly.

You order at the counter, and the staff bring your food to you. They have a good selection of burgers, sandwiches, bagel sandwiches, salads, and even a variety of pizzas. I can't wait to come back and try something new! Also, I didn't realize they are BYO, so next time I'll be sure to come prepared with a bottle of wine.
Went to brunch with a few friends - we were visiting Philly for the weekend, wanted a good place for brunch, and Yelp suggested this place. We were not disappointed! 

The Sunday brunch crowd was in full force, but that didn't stop us from visiting. I almost had a heart attack when we walked up and the "closed" sign was flipped. The place was packed, so we tried the door and thankfully were let in - the wind was strong that day ;) 

We got in line and were pretty excited, because the lines seem to be moving very quickly.Space was tight, but not uncomfortable. Waiters did break through the line every now and again to service or bus as needed, but I didn't find it disruptive. 

I was a little miffed when large group (six folks) came in and immediately tried to claim a table. As I said, space is limited and the flow of the place is to get in line, order, and then find a seat. A waitress did come by and inform them of the policy, but she ended up seating them anyway, and I'll admit I was a bit annoyed because I was there with three other people and we worried about seating as well. I suppose if I had been part of that grouo, I would have been thankful. 

At any rate, we did order and were seated quickly and easily ( like I said, place had a flow to it). Like the coffee prep area - lots of different sweeteners. Food came fast, service was good. I had one of the salads. 

One of my friends did get the wrong food, and while they did remake her sandwich, it did take a while for her to get it (legit, as it was a busy Sunday, but still sucked that she had to wait). She didn't get any kind of comp which I wasn't a fan of - of course, you do pay before the food gets to you.  

Pricing was fair,  portions were good. I'd love to visit and try a different meal!
This is a neighborhood business that cares about its customers.

We ordered Miles Table via Caviar tonight. 
Caviar called within minutes to let us know that the restaurant was out of baby back ribs (a $16.00 dish). They asked if they could get us anything else. We had ordered three other items, all $11.00 or less. We decided not to order anything else. In about 30 minutes the order was at our door. Our very sweet and apologetic Caviar delivery driver said "The restaurant apologized and of course took the ribs off the bill. They also included a short rib dish they thought you might enjoy- at no charge." 

The short rib dish is a $19.00 dish (which they sent on the house)... And delicious.

I don't say this because I'm obsessed with price- I say it because I'm obsessed with good service and Miles Table went above and beyond. Enough to make me write my first Yelp review.  Anyway- food was terrific, but the service makes me more than a fan it makes me a cheerleader. This is a neighborhood business that cares about its customers.
It's not the most pleasant experience here, and I can't quite understand anyone giving this place more than two stars. The food is OK--some things better than others, though I've gotten some truly clunker dishes in my visits there. I mean to the point that I've had to send things back because they were just bad. This is something I have just about never done anywhere else. Some of the rest of the food I've had there--mostly for breakfast--has been not bad.

The problem is the service and management. People working there, while not intentionally rude, I don't think, end up being incredibly inattentive and disorganized, because there is clearly no decent training or organizing going on at this place. It's not understaffed--if anything it's strangely overstaffed, with about five people behind the counter all frantically trying to do the same thing. 

So the result is that you can go in and stand there for several minutes while the staff whizzes about ignoring you. The atmosphere is indeed "casual" in the sense that no one is wearing a suit and tie to this place (it looks basically like an office cafeteria), but the anxious service and loud chatter in the small echoing room doesn't feel casual at all. 

Like many places in this area of Philly, there are a lot of couples around my age showing up with their toddlers and infants in strollers--especially for Sunday brunch (when it's hard to find a table anywhere). I'm not here to complain about people's unattended children or screaming babies-everyone can have their own opinions about bringing their little ones to restaurants. But just know that this is an especially "family friendly" place, so if you don't react well to the room filled with kids going to eleven, Miles Table is definitely not for you. I have my own and am used to it.

Overall, you have many better choices in the area. My first review was forgiving, since they had just opened, but until they hire a competent manager and waitstaff that knows to show customers that they give at least one, um, buck, they're going to rate low for me there.
BY FAR my favorite place I dined during my three day Philadephia trip.  This place was not one of the places recommended to me by the locals, and it was about an 8 minute walk from our hotel(Palomar), but it was worth it!  Everything on the menu looked spectacular and the staff was so friendly.  They offer pizza, sandwiches, breakfast staples, eggs, salads, etc.  The "everything" bagel I had was stellar!  Probably one of the top 10 bagels I have ever eaten.  I ordered the Miles Salad, that was served piled high with carmalized nuts and a VERY generous amount of goat cheese.  Since I also wanted the smoked plate, I ordered that as well, which I was  most definitely told that both options  I chose were large portions...I said I was hungry and ordered both.  I am glad that I did, because although they were very large portions(one would have been PLENTY), I am glad that I was able to taste the delciousness of both options.  If I had to do it again, I probably would have made the same decisions.  The smoked fish plate was perfect.  Aesthetically and flavor wise, this plate will make you happy.  The portion size and price ratio was great.  My salad was just amazing...mmm..

The husband ordered a grilled cheese and I am going to assume it was good because he did not talk, but instead let out moans of happiness while we scarfed down the fries and cheese sandwich. 

This place is just wonderful. I should have ordered a coffee, but I would have ended up not having enough room in my stomach.

We WILL return to this place of business when we return to Philly, and I will recommend others to go as well.  Super yum.
The directions for this place are super confusing to me and I felt very unwelcome for a hot minute, but it all ended up OK. As a tip, don't try to sit down at a table by yourself even if it seems like that's what you're supposed to do because you will get kicked out. We went up to the counter and ordered and should have just stayed put there; turns out the cashier was also the hostess/ bouncer.

Once the table situation was taken care of, the rest of the brunch went off without a hitch. The food came out pretty quickly and 2/4 of our group really enjoyed our meals, but we all left satisfied at the least. This place is perfect for groups and out of town guests since everyone can pick up their own check at the counter before the meal (no buzz-killing, post-meal check calculation necessary) and there's something on the menu for any budget (prices ranged from around $8 - $14).
This brunch spot is great if you want to treat yourself to a nice meal, but not a place I would gravitate to again. Although the churro waffle was delicious, it was pretty straightforward. It tasted like a churro in waffle form with some bananas on top. Paying 15$ for a knock off churro that was pretty unfulfilling wasn't worth it to me. The same thing could be said about the eggs- it was pretty much an omelet on a taco shell. The food was good overall!! However, it wasn't worth the price - and since it isn't a sit down ( no wait staff), I couldn't say I would come again ( not worth the 7-10$ bagels/avocado toast).
One of the best brunch places I've eaten at in a long time. I've been there multiple times and the food is absolutely delicious. It's also less crowded than other places on a weekend for brunch!

I'd recommend the falafel burger, and make sure to ask for the special sauce!
Was blown away by the delicious food at this establishment and am disappointed that I only just discovered it. Had a wonderful omelette and some of the most delicious bacon that I ever had. Outdoor seating was welcome during COVID which was nice. Our food was served promptly and the portion was very ample! My only regret they were out of skim milk so I couldn't have my usual skim latte but went with a diet coke which did the trick.
2 of my friends and I was in the mood for a byob brunch spot on sunday and found Miles Table. Its located in a really quiet section of south street. fews things about miles table.

1.you order first and they give you a number.
2. it is self seating
3. its BYOB!!!

Their food is so simple its delicious. you get exactly what you order, without extra grease or surprises. 

4 stars because even though its not a real "serving" restaurant... they do have food runners who bring your food and clean up after you. they never came back out to check on us.
Fantastic addition to my neighborhood. The employees are friendly, the place is nicely laid out and the food is always delish.

The prices are fair, they take levelup (which I love) & the coffee is perfect.

I recommend the Divorced Eggs special, the 3-ingredient omelette and the bagel with lox. And the coffee of course!
Met up here for a work meeting, and Miles Table did not disappoint. Adorable, bright little space with those floor to ceiling windows that open up to the street that I love! 
I ordered an Avocado BLT and grabbed a Stewart's root beer, because I'm a Vermonter and it's been too long since I've had a good bottle of Stewart's, okay? Don't judge. The root beer was of course ON POINT, though I can't exactly credit Miles' on that. The Avocado BLT on the other hand was PHENOMENAL, with the only caveat being that the avocado didn't actually make it onto my sandwich. Sad but the sandwich still held up amazingly well. Whatever was in their aioli was divine, and the bacon was perfect. I am picky about bacon, and often don't order it because by the time it gets to me it's cold and stringy, but this was melt in your mouth fatty bacon with some meat on its bones.
Overall a great lunch.
Yum! Love the quick, healthy and cute place! You order at the counter and they bring the food out to the table. I loved my kale salad (i also added chicken to make it filling), it was really hearty and flavoful, the falafel burger was also delicous, and the turkey burger was awesome with a touch of spicy sauce. I loved the atmosphere and set up, can't wait to come back to try more options!
I had a great time here a couple weekends ago with a few people! We sat outside and brought a few bombers (BYOBombers!) to share, and had a really relaxing/fun Friday night. Staff here is very nice. You order at the counter and then they bring out your food.

I walked up and asked which burger had the "bacon and cheddar" -- without realizing that there's a board that says: "Miles Burger: Bacon and Cheddar" in big lettering to the left of the counter. Right. So I ordered that, and it was great and cooked just right. I could not finish it, which was sad since it was darn good.

Definitely want to come back for brunch someday!
Nataly N and I visited Miles Table for brunch on a very warm summer afternoon.  It had a lot of hype to live up to, as Nataly N and several other yelpers have raved about their experience.  I can assure you that I will be back because they somehow managed to exceed the hype and my expectations!

While their standard menu had plenty of good options, we both opted for specials on the brunch list.  I ordered the Chorizo Shrimp Hash, Nataly N the Carnitas Benedict, and the plan was to share each.  I'll be honest, before their arrival, I was wondering how easy sharing would be as they sounded delish and I assumed the portions would be on smaller side.  I have a to-go box proving sharing was not a problem and that the portions were more than reasonable.

The Chorizo Shrimp Hash arrived with five (5) jumbo shrimp on a skewer on top of a loaded plate!  Each bite was bursting with the various favors including the asparagus and brussel sprouts.  Understand, I don't use that description, 'bursting with favor' very often.  In fact, this review would be its first appearance!  I would highly recommend this dish for anyone looking for a lot of variety in their brunch.  Absolutely a high value for the money.

The Carnitas Benedict was their take on the classic eggs benedict.  Two poached eggs topped a field of carnitas and arugula.  Each bite offered a consistent, high quality taste.  I give the edge to my hash, but would have been completely satisfied had I ordered this dish instead.

Other points of note about the restaurant is that it is a BYOB and a seat yourself kind of place.  You order at the counter and they deliver your food as well as some water to your table by number.  They'll also clear your plates away once complete.  Remember to tip at the counter (or leave something on the table) and be prepared to come a bit early to beat the heavy brunch crowds.  Enjoy!
Love this place.  Small, cute, great staff, yummy food, great prices, and so convenient!  And, they take Level Up!!

Pros: 
- Greeted the second you walk in the door. The staff are so friendly!
- Order at the counter, then pick a table.  Love this, for a quick, cheap breakfast
- I had the smoked salmon and whitefish platter.  Large portion sizes (see my uploaded picture), delicious!
- Food came out in less than 5 mins.  Wow!  And I went during a sunday morning brunch, so it was busy, but not packed.
- Staff, staff, staff!  They are all so friendly, they really seem to love working there! So sweet!
-  Daily specials, they also had a nutella french toast w/ cream & berries on the specials menu, but i decided for fish instead.
- LEVEL UP!
- Cute decor & atmosphere

There was a prior review about someone who ordered the smoked salmon & whitefish platter, and he said there wasn't a lot of fish, and he felt skimped on portion size.  They must have listened to you buddy, cause i totally disagree!  The portion size was big and I had plenty of fish!

Cons: 
- Nothing!  Maybe, only con would be they close at 8pm? I wish i could eat here later! hahaha.

I will be back. Many times. With my roomie also!
I want to like this place, purely out of convenience, but it's hard.

I've tried everything that a non-meat eater can order there and nothing blew me away. The fafafel burger is different, but i'd rather have a real falafel. I usually stick to the kale salad. It has a really good combination of ingredients: oranges, dried cranberries, almonds, avocado and a refreshing yogurt dressing.

I've only taken the food to go, I don't think I'd ever sit there to eat.

Meh, it is what it is.
Great addition to the neighborhood. Excellent choices for breakfast, lunch, and dinners. Extremely friendly service, kid and baby friendly, and delicious sandwiches. We had the Avocado BLT and a Mozzerella tomato and roasted red pepper sandwich. Fresh, delicious ingredients. The salads and pizzas also look fabulous. Can't wait to go back...
What's not to love about a place that serves good breakfast?

Miles Table popped up down the street and today I made a wise decision of getting breakfast there. 

You order at the counter and they bring your food to you. Not bad, but the I think the staff are still trying to get familiar with the menu. The guy that took my order for omelet with avocado and peppers added toast and home fries as sides, and I had to point out that it was included based on the menu description. Sharpen up! They do have free coffee from 7a - 10a with breakfast, but check again because those types of things could change. They did forget my coffee initially, but remembered to come around for refills and they were good with bringing the water - good deal. Oh yeah, the omelet with red peppers and avocado - pretty dang good. 

It's a neat place, looks like they got some Feng Shui dude figure it out. Food was good, coffee was good, go here!
Yum! Miles Table is a very good, casual brunch spot that I found from its great reviews on Yelp. You order at the counter and take your seat. The diverse menu offers something for everyone and extends beyond just brunch, though that is what it is known for. Everything is very clearly fresh and well-prepared. Fair prices for the portion size as well. I ordered the omelet and the fresh squeezed OJ and both were excellent. The location in Rittenhouse and windows makes it ideal for a relaxing morning people watching as well. Totally recommend! 5/5
I was so excited when this place opened just a few blocks from where I live. The food here never disappoints--everything is really fresh, and you'll be pressed to find a place where you get such substantial portions of healthy food for the same price. But beyond the quality and value of the food, what has really blown me away about this place is the service. Everyone here is really friendly and goes out of their way to make sure you have a positive experience. Once, they brought out my friend's dish a few minutes later than everyone else's, and our server gave our entire table complimentary dessert. When my mom was in town, I brought her to Miles Table for breakfast, but they had just changed their hours and arrived 20 minutes before their new opening time. Disappointed, we were about to walk to Cosi, when the manager himself opened the door, invited us in to eat, and cooked our breakfast himself! 

In summary, if the food here doesn't immediately win you over, the people will.
Bring back the fish po' boy, please! Man that was the best sandwich I have ever had in Philadelphia! Beyond that, we love the Molly Kale salad and the fish tacos (with Tilapia)!

This place is always with at least half-a-dozen specials, which are always changing. I wish they would introduce some variations for vegans and the lactose-intolerant among us (get with the Daiya like Blackbird Pizzeria, Ms. Miles!). 

Other hits include the falafel burger (and all burgers are half price on wednesday!). Thursday is taco day, and the weekends have some incredible breakfast concoctions. The solution to try it all is to come back several days a week -- like we do! 

Only down is this place gets under-staffed when the predictable meal time rush comes in and the service suffers for this.
I've waited a few months to write this because I was so mad. 
We went here April 3rd for lunch.

I was in Philadelphia for my wedding. We had just landed, we were exhausted, just stepped off our plane, lugging our luggage in a rental car, we hadn't even checked into our hotel yet. We stopped here based on good reviews on Yelp. 

We went to the counter and waited....i kid you not.... 10 mins for the guy at the counter (who was talking with what appeared to be buddies) to acknowlege us. When he did, he went right back to talking to his friends. 
I finally asked my (then) finance to step up and say something. 
When this guy's friends finally moved out of the way, we approached the counter to order. 
I was already a little miffed as we had already been blatantly ignored twice.  My husband noticed my discomfort so he gave me a peck on the forehead. 
The man behind the counter asked us what we were doing in Philly. We said we were getting married, and he yells "EW, BREEDERS"
 
If you aren't aware what that means, it is a derogatory term used by the LGBT community to put down heterosexual couples. 

He then went on to say we were gross and he hopes we dont have children. 

1) I'm not straight.... Im part of the LGBTQ community. He completely assumed my orientation strictly on the basis that I'm marrying a man. 
2) How dare you speak to a customers like that ON THE EVE OF THEIR WEDDING. (Or at all)
3) WHO ARE YOU TO SAY WHO GETS TO HAVE CHILDREN.

I don't care how good their food might be.
I started off the first day of my Wedding festivities feeling emotionally like crap.

Last time I received this much hate speech was when I came out.

Whoever that guy was I hope he's fired.
Where brunching is a sport! 

Solid spot and many veggie friendly options! This is a small area but it has decent amount of seating inside and out. You order in a queue at the front and then food is delivered to your table as it's prepared. It's a pretty popular place from what I could tell by the crowd, but still the food came out at a reasonable time. We sat inside as a table was just clearing, but I think the vibe carries outdoors as well, so there's no FOMO just the elements to weather. 

I ordered their grilled cheese, loaded with veggies and an ice chai. Also they had this pesto - so good! I have been trying to recreate the pesto and I still can't get it down to how good it was from this place! Major pesto envy! It's not part of the grilled cheese dish but I asked for the pesto on the side (seeing it as an option from a different menu item) and the workers were happy to add it to my order (=]). 

Parking is street only, but it's not too hard to find. I think we circled for like 5 minutes before grabbing a spot. 

I'll be coming back for more and definitely will try to get my hands on that pesto recipe - seriously you have to try it!
Came here for Sunday brunch and loved the ambience - it was a cute space with a nice interior. You grab a table and go up to order at the cashier. A lot of great options for lovers of both sweet and savory brunch. 

Had the creme brûlée French toast with fresh berries on top. It was delicious and not too sweet, topped w powdered sugar and a fresh whipped cream as well as a side of syrup. 

Also tried the Mexican breakfast burrito which was jam packed with sausage, cheese, beans, peppers, and all sorts of yum. 

Overall lovely atmosphere and great food!
I really wanted to like this place after reading all the reviews. I ordered the Carnitas benedict, and while the eggs were cooked perfectly, the pork tasted sour, almost to the point where it felt as though it was stale. In addition, there was a mosquito in my food! I tried to see if I could just blow it away, but it was stuck onto the food. After that I lost my appetite. However, I tried the pumpkin waffles that my friend got, and it tasted pretty good. But overall not a good experience on my end.
Miles Table makes a mean turkey burger. I found myself ordering at this new American food restaurant on South Street last week after meandering up and down the block, checking out prospective dinner options. 

And there are SO many options on this block. I love that about my neighborhood, but I suppose that, sometimes, I just want a dang burger. Plus, the inside looks really cute and cozy, even from the street.

I ordered my burger to go and chatted with two members of the really upbeat and friendly staff while I waited. A Dad and his kid were dining up front where there is a framed poster of a cute baby hamming it up in a pot. During a rather quiet moment in the room, the child exclaimed "DO YOU COOK BABIES?!". Kids dine for free on Tuesdays.

My burger and fries were perfection. The burger itself was flavorful, cooked just right, and the bun housed it well, all airing on the side of "generous" in portion. The fries were salted and flavored in a way where they didn't need ketchup, which is always pretty nice, in my opinion. The rest of the menu looked quite good as well, but I've definitely found my burger place! I'd love to return for breakfast and sit in that cozy booth in the front.
One of my new favorite restaurants! I love the fact that this is fast casual. I love their breakfast foods and their flatbreads. Also, their kale salad is delicious!! I don't usually like raw kale but after eating their salad, I realized that there is a special way to treat raw kale that can be used in salads. I had their falafel burger and certainly something to come back for! Yumm!!
Stopped in for breakfast and I have to say that I was surprised by how informal and amazing the menu was. There were so many options that looked absolutely fantastic for someone like me who loves a savory brunch. I ended up getting one of the specials (Chicken and Waffles), which was absolutely delicious. It was the perfect blend of a soft gooey spicy jalapeño sausage sauce with a thin and crispy waffle below. The chicken breast was crispy fried deliciousness and it was a very filling dish. My wife got the sausage and egg brioche sandwich, which was good, but not nearly as DELISH as the Chicken and Waffles. She started eating off of my plate. The service was also great and I liked how you just order and grab your seat. The decor on the inside was also very cute. Prices range from $7-$13 per dish. Very very reasonable for the quality. I thought the food was on par with Sabrina's and better than Green Eggs/Honeys, etc. I highly recommend Miles Table.
Nervous to write this review among the raving good reviews. But for real this place was a cute, and much needed in this area, but nothing super special. 

It's funny because it definitely feels like a catering company. They make pretty food that tastes good but it's not particularly inventive or amazing. Would not really go out of my way to come here unless I didn't feel like waiting in line at the other brunch places.

They do a lot of things right: the place is cute, there's one "good" spot in the house --a booth in the front window. I like that they are a BYOB so you can bring your breakfast beer. They don't have a particularly extensive menu as it can all be written down on one sheet of paper/ on one chalkboard by the cashier. But after spying another customer's Nova bagel breakfast sandwich looking good, I got it. Tasty, but definitely something I could have gotten around the corner at my deli as well. The red pepper home fries didn't taste red peppery. They were good home fries, but just because a dash of red pepper are added to them, I'm not sure why you'd draw particular attention to them. 

When I used to live in this neighborhood I would have died for a place like this since all the brunch places were a good 7-10 blocks away with a wait. So it's nice to have something good right here. Nice friendly service too. Simple, uncomplicated food.
What a lovely place. Here for a low key breakfast on a cold winter morn. Latte's are yum.
I loved this place. It was our first time there & my fellow yelpers did not let me down. It was a perfect little neighborhood restaurant. We went on a cold, rainy Friday morning and there not many customers there but it seems that there several take out patrons.

The breakfast sandwich that I had was so delicious. I had a breakfast sandwich that had prosciutto, over medium egg, and cheese on a brioche bread. Hubby had the sausage & egg Brioche. Both sandwiches were cooked perfectly.   

The whole vibe is really cool. The pics on the wall are adorable. 

If I lived in the area, this would be my breakfast place. 

Go- you wont be disappointed.
I'm loving all of the new eateries and business growth along South Street right in my neighborhood! Miles Table is another spot that clearly caters to the local, family crowd, and I love it! Seasonally sourced menu items, and a menu that offers something for everyone no matter the age or diet - kids and vegetarians can happily chow down with their family and friends and leave satisfied. 

The space is nice, bright and welcoming, with tables up front and the counter to order in back, displaying some baked goods and treats along with drinks. The staff has always been friendly when I've popped in, eager to answer any menu-related questions. My favorite (so far) dish has been the kale salad - it's light but satisfying, and full of fresh produce tossed in a great yogurt dressing that they put on the side for you if you're getting it to go (as I usually do). I can also speak for most of the baked goods they offer - one dessert in particular that I had, a banana chocolate chip bread pudding, was truly spectacular. Prices are about what you get elsewhere, and with yummy, healthy, quick, satisfying food who can complain?
Miles Table is one of those places that become instant neighborhood classics by simply and smartly conveying the character and mood of the neighborhood in which it exists via its culinary creations and casual atmosphere. 
Miles Table accomplishes this by crafting a simple menu of American classics with a new modern twist. The end result is a set of dishes  that reflects a focus on simplicity 
and speaks to the sensibilities of those who appreciate culinary exploration presented within the confines of a familiar presentation. 
Epitome of this is the falafel burger, presented on a brioche bun with a garbanzo bean cake, tahini dressing, lettuce, tomato and feta cheese, and accompanied with hand cut fries. At $ 9.50 this burger along is worth a visit! 
Other entries in the menu are equally surprising, such as the namesake Miles burger which when cooked medium arrives at the table irresistibly juicy. 
I can continue describing all the wonderful dishes I tried in my visit there last week, but the truth of the matter is, words will fall short to describe what this menu has to offer. Go visit for yourself and you won't be disappointed.
I went here yesterday with my friend and I loved what I ordered.  I had the berry pancakes and they honestly were the best pancakes I've ever had.  My friend ordered a kale salad to try something new, but she ordered before I arrived.  I would have told her that kale is naturally bitter. So, we can't give a fair review of the salad.  The staff was nice.  The restaurant was clean.  The only downside for me was that it was PRETTY tight in there.  I would come back again.
Yelped breakfast places close to my hotel and saw this. Fast, good breakfast, and for a good price. Judging from the other reviews, we were lucky to get a seat. Cool spot. Would like to try some of the lunch sandwiches next time I'm in town.
Love Love Love this place and the block that it sits on.

My crew and I have ventured here more than once for the half price burgers on Wednesdays. Its pretty much the best deal in the city. The falafel burger is so fuggin good and comes with fries all for under $6.00 ( on burger wednesday). Service is usually a little slow but still good. The atmosphere is clean, calm ( unless the hoards of south st moms all come in with their strollers and shit) and chill.
I highly recommend this place for brunch or a quick lunch. 
They are BYOB and take level up.
Stumbled into here on a sunny weekend morning after playing a round of Yelp roulette with the "near you" feature. What a great find! The food here was hearty, delicious and fresh. I had the sausage and egg brioche - two delicious slabs of hot buttered brioche toast, stacked with sriracha turkey sausage, blue cheese, fried eggs and arugula. It was perfect. 

This may be an odd comment, but it's a shame this place doesn't have a catchier name. It's a bit off the beaten path as it is, and the name is so generic that it doesn't really stick in your head. I kept trying to remember "that place from the other weekend" when talking about it recently.
Really great breakfast spot, especially because they serve breakfast till 5pm! At Miles Table, you order at the counter and pick a spot to sit. All of the dishes are reasonably priced and enticing, though potentially nap-inducing as well. 

The sriracha turkey sausage might be my new favorite thing. It's almost like a hamburger patty, but is crispier, more savory, and has a hint of sriracha in every bite. It's a must. The home fries on their own are pretty good, and they have a chipotle mayo-like sauce that goes really well with them. The eggs and multigrain toast that completed my dish were also enjoyable. I'd be surprised if anyone left here not having had a pleasant meal.
This place is beyond good!  They have been opened just under two weeks and we have been there at least three times.  I could sit in their cozy front booth every day and get something different.  It is hard to decide between all the yummy things on their menu (which is super neat to look at) and their daily specials.  My husband and I went for the Tilapia Banh Mi the last time we were in and wow, it was amazing!  My son LOVED the pasta on the kids menu, he actually begged me to let him take the leftovers to school for lunch the next day!  The decor is great and the place just has a relaxing vibe that makes you want to come back!  I used to live in this neighborhood & Miles Table makes me want to move back!
WOW.  This spot is AWESOME.  A no-frills food spot with a kick-ass menu - what more could you ask for?

Bagel with lox is one of my top 3 brunch items, and their Smoked Fish Plate with smoked salmon, whitefish salad, and bagel, is the ultimate foodie dream for lox-lovers.  The brunch specials of "The Mother and Son" (chicken enchilada with two eggs on top + home fries) and Chicken and Waffles with jalapeño sausage gravy are insanely filling but also insanely delicious = WIN!

Love the coffee here, it's well-made and served in huge mugs.

You place your order at the register and grab a spot, first-come-first-serve.  Don't be discouraged if tables are full when you arrive, turnover is quick during brunch (at least for us it was).  Oh, and the employees are super nice!  All had smiles on their faces, even on a Sunday morning.

Please open up a Miles Table in Richmond, VA!!!  I'm still dreaming about my Smoked Fish Plate.
Great food, excellent service, and cool decor.

You walk up to the counter and order first, then find a table and wait until they bring your food. The portions are generous and the menu is creative. 

The owner was extremely nice and fun to talk with. As we left, he said, "see you tomorrow," and I would definitely consider it. 

There are lots of choices nearby, however this place does everything right.
Great new addition to the neighborhood! Staff is super friendly and the interior is tots adorable.  They have a wide variety of food to choose from, and serve breakfast all day! This is my new go-to spot for late brunch on the weekends and lunch or dinner during the week.  Prices are pretty reasonable, too.

Also, if you are gluten-free, they offer gluten-free bread and buns for their sandwiches/burgers!!
WHY HAVEN'T I BEEN EATING HERE EVERY DAY?!
Went in for lunch with a group of friends and was greeted by a relaxed and casual decor.  The chalkboard menus whisper to you the various epicurean delights that await your salivating palate.  There is something for everyone here, provided your tongue has a taste for adventure.
I had a turkey burger with extra bacon and avocado and an exquisite chipotle mayonnaise.  It was so good that I wanted to roll around in it, but then that means that I wouldn't have been able to eat it...
Warm and helpful staff, great ambiance and inviting environment.

Treat yourself my friends, to a seat at Miles Table.
Great, great addition to the neighborhood!  Went there on opening night and had a delicious meal.  Great service, friendly staff.  Had the feel of a nice BYOB. Counter service with food delivered to the table. 

Kids had the $9 burgers, which they devoured - including my ultra-picky daughter. Wife had the avocado BLT, which was really fresh and tasty - made on thick-cut homemade-tasting multigrain bread.  I enjoyed my omelet with the same thick-cut bread and home fries.    Didn't try it, but the flat bread pizza look really good.

Met Miles's parents, who could not have been nicer.  We will definitely be back.  Great chocolate chip cookies too!
We eat here so much it is a problem!  We have never once had wrong food brought to us or bad service.  This place is top notch in all regards.

Everything on the menu is great!  Even though I have my favorite 3 I constantly order I do venture out from time to time and I'm never disappointed.  My favorite by far is their veggie wrap with the burger a close second.

This place is amazing for families which is lacking on this side of town.  They have a kid's eat free deal on Tuesdays but I avoid it, way too packed.
The turkey burger is to die for. Actually, everything I have ever had here has been exceptionally delicious. I have been here multiple times and it always feels homey and comfortable, and the food is always amazing. One of my favorite spots to grab lunch in Philly. EVER. Highly recommend.
Came here for dinner on a Thursday with our 2 year old daughter. They were very sweet with her, and I don't know what they put in the scrambled eggs but she devoured the entire plateful. Hubby got the tuna melt and I got the fish tacos, both were huge portions and delicious. Prices were just right for a week night treat out.
Visiting Philly for the Fourth of July and dropped by because if the high ratings. Nice outdoor seating area. Very clean cafe. 

I only gave three stars because:

1. My toast was burned and served to me, black/crispy side down. I pointed it out to the waitress and instead of bringing me new toast, she asked if I wanted her to bring me something edible. 
2. You choose 3 toppings with the omelette. My boyfriend ordered bacon, cheese and onions. His food arrived with no onions.
3. Both of our omelettes were supposed to come with red peppers. No red peppers in either omelette. 
4. The service was incredibly slow. That would be fine as we were having a nice conversation in the outside seating area, but it deterred us from having our orders corrected. 

The food was good, though.
I got pickup from Miles Table on a Saturday morning and didn't realize there were a few issues with my order until I got home and unpacked my bag 20 minutes later.

I ordered the Tres Leches French Toast (which came with strawberries and bananas, as well as a side of syrup and whipped cream) which was absolutely delicious. This was the highlight of my order! I ate 1/3 of it right then and saved the rest for later.

I ordered the Breakfast Sandwich with egg (over medium), cheese (cheddar), and avocado on a brioche roll. When I unwrapped the sandwich, I saw that it had bacon on it (I'm a vegetarian). It also didn't have the lettuce or tomato on it. I had my own arugula and tomato at home and added some. The sandwich was pretty good, but the mixup was unfortunate. I knew the sandwich wouldn't do well being re-heated, so I ate the whole thing then.

I also got a side of home fries. I knew these would re-heat pretty easily, so I saved those to eat later alongside the remainder of the french toast. The home fries were tasty and a great texture.

I definitely would have given 4 stars had it not been for the bacon incident. I'm happy to give them another chance in the future and try some of the other menu items (eyes are on the divorced eggs).
Did I go to the wrong Miles Table because the Miles Table I went to on South St. was the worst restaurant I may have ever ate at...so far (besides Sampan). The display and taste kind of resembled what dog feces would taste like.  And I can tell you I ain't order no dog shit. We got served the wrong food and then on top of that the food we received had ingredients in it we didn't ask for. Those ingredients actually weren't even apart of the actual menu item we asked for. Place is a mess
A little something for everyone which makes this place perfect for so many occasions. This has become our go-to when we're out and about, hungry, and don't want to spend too much money. 

Their food won't knock your socks off, but it's all executed well, and the options are plentiful. Sometimes I like to be able to socialize with friends out of the house, but still eat relatively healthy or eat something that mimics what I could make at home. For example, their avocado toast is similar to what I cook for myself- just a lot prettier and a little more robust. It's loaded with avocado, the arugula is always fresh, their eggs are always perfectly runny, and their toast is just crispy enough. Like I said, solid execution.

Once in a while I'll branch out and try something new since they seem to have fun experimenting in the kitchen through their daily special offerings. Their crispy cauliflower tastes like General Tso's and has proven a good way to get the boyfriend to eat his veggies. The mushroom flatbread is faintly truffley, and not a bad appetizer to split for the table. It could use another handful or two of mushrooms to increase it's wow factor.

The good thing is that this place is family-friendly. The bad thing, however, is that this place is family-friendly. It's nice to see families bring their little ones out to eat and have a neighborhood spot to which to venture, but too many times, families treat it like it's their own home and let their kids run and scream wildly about. It's disturbing to those not with kids, and it's disturbing to those with quieter, more well-behaved kids.

The food is worth a trip if you're with a mixed group, but beware of the little children.
Used to live in 15th/ Bainbridge, and this is one of the places that makes me want to move back. Its the PERFECT neighborhood place to go and eat good food in a pinch, or in general. My friends introduced me to the Miles Burger when they first opened, I had one, liked it, came back months later, and ordered it again and it was about the same as when I had it the first time. The place itself is TIDY and very hip. I like it. They have a good selection of drinks that aren't just coke (In fact, they have Coke that is hecho en Mexico #canesugar). Service is fast, and I can keep going on about the food. I love it. Go here. On wednesdays. (half off burgersz)
I really like this place for breakfast. Service is great, food is consistent, and it's reasonably priced. I brought some friends that were visiting from D.C. and all they could talk about was how they wished they had something similar near them.
Came in for the first time for brunch with friends last week. The wait was not too long even for a Sunday and we had a table ready as soon as we ordered. And now to the food- the Nova bagel was AMAZING! It was so good I ate so fast there no photo. My friend and I shared the bagel and an omelet with peppers,
Mushrooms and mozzarella- it was fluffy and perfect. Cannot wait to go back and try more things!
The food is soso. Not very good service either. The rate was too high for this store. Forgot to put one of the stuffing in the omlet. When notified gave me the stuffing on side instead of redo the omlet. Unhappy experience.
3.5 stars because it's a great place for a fresh breakfast where you will NOT feel stuffed, heavy and greased out after eating, but it didn't leave me any temptations to desperately come back. But when I was almost It is definitely one of my top choices now if I'm in the mood for a clean and refreshening brunch/lunch meal. If you're looking for a carb-full brunch, Miles may not be the right choice. 

I got one of the specials I think. It was a turkey sandwich lots of everything of turkey, avocdao, tomatoes bacon, lettuce. 4 huge thick sandwiches, each with 3slices of hearty bread toothpicked together will make your mouth watery. Just looking at it made my stomach cleansed cuz it looked so fresh. They had potato chips in the middle. I probably would have been able to finish it but I was full after eating almost 3...a guy will be full after the whole dish I think. 

My friend ordered the Smoked Fish Plate which comes with Smoked salmon, whitefish salad, bagel, lettuce, tomato, red onion, pickle, all spread out on a plate. So you have to put everything onto the bagel and make it your own. So it can be a little annoying or messy, but likewise, very fresh and nothing was too salty. The whitefish salad was really good! 

As I'm writing this review I actually am craving Miles Table again.I'm hesistant to give it 4stars now...i'll just say.. it's one of the cute places that you should try out. And if you like it great! if not, it won't hurt to eat a clean meal once. 

Service was great!! Everyone was so nice!
Local neighborhood bistro type spot with limited seating inside and a walk-up counter where you can get food to go.

Avacado blt: spicy dressing, fresh whole multi hrain bread, thick and rich bacon. It's a meal and a half.  Great portions, great flavor, the avocado was so ripe you almost didn't need a dressing except for that punch of spice.  Only complaint was the house cooked chips were a little overdone and on the oily side.

Made to orde omelette is huge, home fries done well an not overseasoned, served simple and roasted.

White fosh bagel is a whole meal, not a "side dish" like we expected.  Makes for a very filling and healthy lunch.

Pretty decent coffee for such a small place, great La Colombe selections, iced coffee in the summer is perfect to go, staff walking around with a pot and refilling hot coffee if you're sitting down.

Friendly neighborhood like service and prices are about average.  Quality of the food though is something you'll keep coming back for as a regular lunch/brunch spot, even if you're not from the Grad Hos. area.
I lived a block away from Miles Table when I was in the city and it was a great breakfast/lunch go-to.  If I was rating based just on the food I would have given 5 stars.  The multigrain toast is awesome and so are the homefries (very crispy and well seasoned).  Another plus is that they have La Colombe coffee (iced and hot).  Another plus for being BYOB.  The staples are great but I would definitely suggest picking something off the specials menu!  Always creative and delish.
The one drawback is that on the weekends during peak hours it can get packed.  So I would go at those times with the mindset that I may have to call an audible and take the food to-go if it was really crowded and I didn't feel like waiting.  Also, lots of kids on the weekends so if you're nursing a hangover it may not be condusive to the low noise level you're looking for.
But those things aside, the food was always worth it and kept me coming back!!
Popped in here for a quick lunch this past weekend. Cute place with plenty of seating. Ordered the kennet square pizza and the turkey club to split with fries. Pizza was a flatbread that was tasty. The turkey club was very good also. Will be returning for a good quick lunch while out shopping. Looking forward to trying their breakfast platters.
Miles Table is an incredible, non-assuming, comfortable place. I was introduced to it when I had just moved to philly and it is my all time favorite restaurant. It is simple, but the food is everything but. Well made, well presented, and fresh, I've eaten here at least fifteen times and every dish I've gotten has far exceeded my expectations of what it would be, which is hard because Philly tends to spoil us with its good food offerings. I've had much, much pricier meals at much more pinky up places that haven't been half as good as Miles Table.

Gourmet food and great atmosphere for low prices. Keep it up, guys.

P.s. Try the fish tacos, short rib and cheddar fries, and Kennett square flatbread!
Miles Table is one of those places you wish were open 24/7. It's the cutest little spot, good lighting and friendly staff. I have been going there for over a year and have never had a bad experiece. 
Some of my favorite things are the avocado blt, chicken and waffles, the miles burger, short rib pasta dish, and the eggplant parmesan. NOW the EGGPLANT PARMESAN is one of the most delicious things I have ever had the pleasure of tasting. I was out with my friend who is a vegetarian and he ordered it. I took a bite and thought for sure I was eating a meat dish.. The eggplant was crispy, not soggy, tomato sauce was just right, not too sweet. Down right perfection!!
 I always enjoy my meals at this place. If you want good food, fast service and great customer service then head over to Miles Table
Really great food and great service. It didn't have a long wait like other brunch places. Plus it's a BYOB!

I got a brunch special - the chicken and waffles with jalapeño cheddar. Totally different from any other chicken and waffles I've ever had. But it was crazy delicious. My peers got the Carnitas Benedict which was also phenomal. 

I highly recommend this place especially because it's pretty low-key and the food is outstanding!
When I think of a brunch spot in Philly, like a true brunch spot, I think of this place.  I often imagine that Carrie Bradshaw and her crew would come here on Sundays order their food, pick a spot by the window, and gossip about their week.  

The ambiance here is great.  It's light with white furniture and a chalkboard, it's really and truly a neighborhood spot.  The seating is first come first serve so you order at the register, take a number and sit down.  The food is surprisingly spectacular.  I EXCLUSIVELY order the shrimp and grits and I am never disappointed.  Make sure to ask for a side of cauliflower, too.  It's great.  

There is no alcohol here and I don't think it's a BYOB so it's quite civilized and the tables turn over fast.  The coffee here is la colombe in case that matters to you as much as it matters to me.  

I love this place and whenever I'm in this part of town, this is my go to spot.
The awkwardness feeling when you're sitting at a restaurant eating and every few seconds another patron is sitting there staring at you like you're from another planet . It's just an awkward vibe not my first time but both time I came . The food I've ordered were just okay . I only went the second time to tried their specials the red velvet waffles but when I went it was already too late they have already taken that menu down . Service at the counter is accurate . My waiter not so good . Serve us food and never came back to even checked up on us to see if we needed anything else . So I don't think I'll be returning .
I had food envy with every plate I saw!  This place is fantastic; I'm so thrilled to have a new fabulous restaurant on South.  Miles Table is similar to a fast- casual restaurant.  They have the guests order at the front of the restaurant, get their drinks at the front, but from there there is table service.  

I went to Miles Table this morning with a girlfriend, and we both walked out very happy with our meal and overall experience.  

I ordered the vegetable wrap.  It was delicious...  I told myself I was only going to eat half, but I nearly cleaned my plate.  The wrap has a generous amount of filling, great flavor, and was served with homemade chips.  

My friend ordered the Sausage and Egg brioche sandwich.  It looks so darn good...  The egg was perfectly cooked with a nice warm soft yoke covering the sandwich.  The bread was perfectly toasted, and the portion was quite generous!  

The ambiance was casual but thoughtful...  It was very relaxed and friendly.  Everything was modern and they used the small space very well, so many guests can be seated, but we didn't feel cramped.    

The only critique we could come up with was the coffee, which was not fantastic... but not horrible. 

I will definitely be back for many more visits :)


.
This place does just about everything right for a quick breakfast sandwich and coffee in Philly. I stopped by due to the fantastic reviews and I was not disappointed.

Per the recommendation of the front desk I got the sausage and egg on brioche with a coffee. The sandwich itself is huge! The picture did not do it justice. But the sausage patties were home made, and a bit spicy. Perfectly cooked. Topped with an egg on the grilled brioche made it superb. 

The service was fantastic. He gave me recommendations on where to go elsewhere in the city and a refill for my walking tour of the area!

Overall: an amazing place to grab a to go breakfast on way to work or during a lazy weekend.
When I moved into the neighborhood, this was my go to place. Something has changed. The food is average, the prices are above average, considering you place your own order at the counter, and the staff is benign. One decent hamburger, one very small and tasteless turkey burger, 1 drink... $34 with 15% tip. Better choices within 5 minutes walk. I will try again in 6 months because I prefer to support local business and this was once a very good breakfast/lunch place. Owner/manager needs to train staff to smile and engage in a friendly manner. Kindness goes a long way.
Have to update my review- I come here ALL the time.  Definitely my go-to brunch spot when I have friends/family visit, or if I'm not feeling like making breakfast that day.  The Divorced Eggs special is phenom.

Weird thing though, they always seem to run out of coffee cups. Maybe it's time to buy more?
This is one of the best places that I've ever eaten at-- delicious sizeable entrees at affordable prices with a casual atmosphere and a byob policy-- who could ask for anything more?!

First up on our menu was the seasonal guacamole - a traditional guacamole topped with butternut squash and goat cheese! I'd like to thank the genius who thought to combine such different ingredients to create a little bite of heaven with each blue corn tortilla chip.

Next up, the truffle mac and cheese. Rich, creamy, topped with the perfect amount of panko bread crumbs. Could use a tiny bit of red pepper flakes to top if off, but by ordering your own red pepper flakes, you can titrate the spice level as you please! Note: this is barely an appetizer - this can make for a full meal and a half!

Then, the Kennet pizza, topped with arugula, mushrooms, and more truffle. We didn't realize quite how truffle-y this would be-- this combined with the mac and cheese was a truffle lover's dream.

Finally, we got the crispy Thai chicken-- perfectly sweet and garnished with jalapeños, onions, etc. Our only complaint at this point was that we were so full with the size of the dishes that we couldn't enjoy it for all it was worth.

Would go back 1000 times over. Can't believe I lived in Philly for so long without knowing the wonders of this affordable, wonderful dining experience.
AMAZING spot for brunch! I've been here a couple of times- the food and service never disappoints! I normally order the El Guapo Burrito off of the brunch specials menu- probably one of the best brunch burritos I've had in the city!! The portion size is huge and it definitely hits the spot. 

Today, I ended up ordering an omelet with onions, red peppers, and cheese served with a side of homefries and multigrain buttered toast. Once again portion size was perfect. We asked for a side of the aoli dipping sauce which they normally give with a regular side of homefries. They charged extra for the aoli but TOTALLY worth it! They also give other condiments: Sriracha, ketchup, and Cholula- so there's something for everybody! 

Also if you're a coffee drinker- grab a cup of la colombe from here! Everything was scrumptious as always, can't wait to come back here! If you're looking for a new brunch spot in the city I HIGHLY recommend checking this place out.
I've been meaning to try this place for some time now. It's a busy spot! And one girl was running the show. She was busy so we weren't greeted and we sat ourselves in a booth w hardly any cushions from being worn out. After browsing the menu on the wall we realized we have to order at the counter. 

After getting our ice for our cokes and some water, our food came out shortly after. The falafel burger was so good. It was big too. The pizza was amazing. I loved the mushrooms! Crust was thin and had good flavor as well. Glad we checked this place out finally.
We went to Miles Table for lunch today and It was wonderful!  Only good things to say.  Food is great, so many things on the menu I wanted to try so I will be back for more.  I had the caprese salad which was amazing!  Hubby had the sausage breakfast sandwich which he loved, and the kids were able to get food fit for their picky palettes.  Beautiful place, friendly staff!  Perfect place to take kids or grab a bite when you are in a hurry.  You order and pay at the counter and then the food is delivered to you.  No waiting for a check...just get up and go!  You won't be disappointed...I highly recommend stopping by!
I came here to meet some friends for brunch and all I'm going to say is this was one of the best Turkey burgers I've had in the city!!! Love the space it's like a farm to table feel. 8/10 would def recommend visiting for Brunch. It's also kid friendly.
Food is great and the employees are honestly some of the nicest people I've ever met. I came in with a baby today and struggled with the stroller (there are steps, so it's not easy)...they said they are always happy to come help with the door and to just shout in and they'll come to assist. Food is fantastic, and half price burger day can't be beat. We love to do one falafel burger and one regular burger and share! Best of both worlds.

The burger is awesome - don't skip out on the remoulade. To the people who complain that it's really not that cheap because you don't get all the fancy toppings, get over it! You're getting a high quality, perfectly cooked burger and fries for $6.25. If you're that desperate for the toppings, suck it up and pay an extra few dollars. I've never seen another restaurant offer half price burgers all day once a week (dine-in and take-out) so I'm just appreciative. Next time I want to come for breakfast/brunch!!

Of note, the chocolate chip cookie was probably the worst cookie I have ever eaten. It was COMPLETELY stale. Inedibly stale. I'm shocked because everything else there is so fresh. I hope it was a fluke, but I'm definitely not eager to try the baked goods again.
Miles Table is a cute little Café that does takeout, curbside pickup, and outdoor dining. We took our seats outside and embarked on our brunch adventure. 

Most of us chose the breakfast side of brunch, but one of our friends went rogue and ate lunch. 

I went with the eggs any style and a side of turkey sausage. Everything tasted fresh; the highlight of this meal was the home fries! They were perfectly seasoned and crunchy, with just the perfect amount of spice. The turkey sausage tasted amazing as well. 

My friends got the avocado toast and the breakfast sandwich. They were not ready for the portions Miles Table dished out! You'll most likely be taking some of it to go. It was delicious nevertheless. 

My friend said his Thai chicken sandwich was great too. The food was on point and our waiter was very attentive. He came around regularly to make sure we were okay. 

To end our experience, the bill was more than affordable. I paid for two dishes that came out to just a little more than 20 bucks. It was definitely a happy swipe of my card. 

Miles Table was a win!
Yes!! I love brunch, and I also love not having to wait for 1.5 hrs for brunch. Miles table offers tasty food and an array of coffee beverages that you might find at a full service restaurant WITHOUT needing to make reservations for it. What a relief.

I came here with a group of 4 around 10:30 on a Sunday. It looked busy as we peeked in, but alas someone working there waved us in and bussed a table for us quickly. This is the kinda place where you walk in and order at a counter and get a number for someone to drop food off. My only qualm was honestly there were many things I wanted to try as I'm staring at the cashier and menu in front of me, but I felt I had to make a quick decision so we didn't lose the table. They offer more traditional breakfast/brunch plus sammies.

I had a BLT with avocado and homemade chips. Simple yet delicious. My friend had a veggie wrap that was light but she said was still really flavorful. Another friend had a massive breakfast burrito that not gonna lie I'll need to try at some point. Overall, I liked the menu choices, casual vibes, and actual food here. Highly recommend
Was looking for a cafe like place that was opened on a Monday and not only until 3 or 4! Discovered a new nice little sandwich shop!

The shop is cute, simply decorated and has great customer service.
You order at the counter and if you are eating in, they'll give you a number and a little jar of water; yes, little jar, very cute!

My friend had the Avocado BLT sandwich with turkey. She said the bread was really good so I tried a piece and she was right! Talked to the guy there and was told they get their bread from Le Bus. 

I had the Miles Burger which included ground chuck, applewood bacon, remoulade, brioche, cheddar, LTO & hand cut fries and a small hot chocolate for $17. The burger was one of the less greasy burgers I've had with pretty good fries on the side.
The hot chocolate I could have gone without though. The mug was cute and made it hot chocolate worthy but the hot chocolate itself was not hot or chocolate-y enough.

My friend & I mentioned bringing our boyfriends back here. Maybe on the same day? =)
Don't be scared away by the line. It moves fast and the food is worth it! Came here on a Sunday for brunch around 11 am and walked into almost no empty tables. But as we waited in line, tables slowly cleared up and my friend and I were able to grab a table pretty easily. Several groups of 4 and even 6 were seated, so it's possible. We ordered at the front and the food was brought to us in less than 10 minutes, even on such a busy day! 

OMG, the divorced eggs. Who knew that simple things like salsa roja y verde, tortillas, cheese, and eggs could make something so delightful? If you like eggs and typically order items like eggs Benedict, hold your urge to order the ordinary and go for the extraordinary. - 11/10.

Now regarding the rest of the meal: avocado toast, black coffee, latte. The avocado toast was exactly what I expected with toast, sliced avocados and a whopping serving of scrambled eggs on top. A little dash of salt and a side of ketchup brought this dish to a solid 7.5/10.  Black coffee - 7/10, Latte - 6/10. 

This particular Sunday morning brunch wasn't a poppin' bottles kinda brunch, but I will keep this place in mind when I'm in the BYO kinda mood.
This was a nice find. I ordered the Miles burger which was amazing, my boyfriend had chicken and waffles and he was not a fan. 

We brunched, but would love to come back for the dinner menu. The food came out fast and the service was great! This restaurant is BYOB and priced well and was within walking distance of the train station. 

We will be back!
Great food, and fantastic customer service. Great for eat-in or take-out. (Note: the wait becomes exponentially longer on weekends around brunch time, but that's to be expected for a great place like this.)

Go for the turkey burger!
This place is fabulous!   As daunting as the line to order looked, my daughter had advised. .don't worry it'll be fine. ..it is well worth  the effort.  We came at noon on Saturday. .busy time.  Folks looked like they were enjoying their meals.  So,  we waited.  While doing so,  I was able to watch the amazing staff work their magic. As soon as you neared the counter to order,  they checked on the number in your party and made sure a seat was available for you. They provided a carafe of fresh ice water throughout the meal.   

And even better than the attentive staff?  The food! !!! To die for.   Amazing shrimp and grits. .just like the photos posted.  Huevos rancheros special was delicious. Iced coffee ? Excellent!  And I ordered a side of turkey sausage. .delicious but way too much food.  But we ate every bite and rolled out of the place.  All around us,  folks were delighted with their meals,  no matter the order.   This place is sooooo excellent!  It needs more than a 5 star rating.
Sausage and egg brioche: $8.  Buy this, eat this, love this.

A cool, comfortable spot with simple yet exciting food at a nice price.  BYO.  I mean, come on.  Look at all these happy reviewers already!
Affordable, tasty food with a modern/clean atmosphere. Friendly staff & extensive/creative menu. Something for everyone.
This is Very Cute & Adorable spot , just recently opened in the South St.area, right in the 16th block. Found it on Yelp, wanted to try it out as a Brunch spot .Well-First you can't go wrong serving La Columbe Coffee.
The Only problem I had was , when you enter, go to counter & order, And they bring it out to you. The Brunch crowd, when we ordering the Coffee, she asked if we wanted small or large(in Paper cups) , we were dining in, so my brunch buddy & I asked can we get mugs, we are dining in, and there was the Refill issue. Girl at the counter said, well its an extra charge if you are doing refills...??!!@@.That kinda deterred us. * Guess just being open under 3 weeks, still working out the bugs....
We did meet the owner/Chef, he was VERY Personable & quite open to suggestions & critiquing his place. .He did say we do need to figure out the refill of coffee , etc , guess first thing is are you dining in or take out , should be 1st question ask patrons..then determine how to navigate the orders. I do understand they are New, learning curve & take out  vs. Server at tables, but if your dining in, especially on weekends, should be service or refills on coffee, not another Extra charge.
The self service coffee desk was all the way in front side, just seemed clunky to me..but I'm sure they will work out their bugs!!!.
The Food: They had small chalk board with Daily specials, we got French toast with berries, it was good, & side bacon. All in all good, 1 star less for coffee mishap, but I'm sure it will go up on our next visit.

Return Factor: Yes, wanna try other things on menu, like Flat-bread -looked wonderful.
Thank you Mike !! For wonderful Brunch & meeting you-Best of luck on this cute & wonderful spot!!!
