Milkboy is open. After over a year of toiling, beauracracy, snags, and anticipation,  I am sitting in the shiny new center city gem of the milkboy small empire. They've been open for just under 4 hours, and the 2 beautiful and friendly baristas have already wielded my fickle coffee snobbery into a pleasant ending. I knew I would have a problem when I learned that counter culture was their bean of choice...although I WANT badly to like fair trade brands, there has NEVER been one that I find to my liking. Dark is the bean that pleases the galester. I HATED both blends that were on tap; a house that was medium, described as a mocha Java, and a varietal (that will change daily) of El Salvador. They made me an americano, no extra charge, and they KNOW coffee, because like a hawk I watched her deftly manipulate the ones and twos like a DJ, producing a crema that was smile worthy. They will boast a full kitchen where veg and vegan options will abound, and look out for beer on 6 taps and a show lineup scheduled as they evolve into a 2 floor nightspot. Happy hour begins at 5, and although the price point is high, their quality is Top notch. It IS the first day though, so as they grow and I revisit, we will see how the updates fare. As of now, I am reeling in an espresso coma, thanks to 2 beauties who were patient and knowledgeable.  And the music they're playing makes me not wanna leave.
I literally spent 5 hours at Milkboy.  Do normal people spend 5 hours in a bar in a single evening?  You tell me.

I originally met up with a friend for some happy hour cocktails.  This was in the downstairs part of Milkboy, which is a cafe/bar/coffee-shop hybrid thing with a nouveau-vintage charm that I adore and staff whose good looks make me melt. (Why hello there, Milkboys.)

What was the happy hour cocktail of choice?  Definitely the Doctor.  This lovely gin/St. Germain/lime creation is served in a mason jar and incredibly easy to drink.  They're much stronger than they taste -- dangerously delicious.

While downstairs, we decided to refuel with a little food.  The menu is fairly unadventurous, with most of your usual bar food accounted for, so we shared a black bean burrito.  It was passable, but fairly bland.  Then again, the food and drinks downstairs are mostly secondary to the *real* draw of Milkboy....

That would be the upstairs.

And what's upstairs, you ask?  One of the finest hidden music venues in all of Philly.  This long and narrow space has a stage in front, another bar in back, and an amazing ambiance with a lovely view overlooking the 11th St cityscape.  

We were there for a private party featuring a series of bands.  Admittedly, I hadn't heard of any of them before, but that didn't stop me from enjoying a series of gin-on-the-rocks while dancing around like a fool well into the night.

All in all, it was a crazy-fun evening.

(No wonder 5 hours flew by so quickly.)
I've been here for happy hour, dinner, and a show so I think I have a pretty good overall feeling of this location. And honestly, I'm not terribly impressed.

The happy hour here is pretty solid. Drafts and mixed drinks are $2 off and the beer selection is good enough to make me happy. I found the bartenders to be awesome, they were really nice people. I also enjoy getting a beer koozie when you order a can. I also have a special place in my heart for any place that serves me a drink in a mason jar.

Dinner here was eh.  It was bar food that tried to be slightly fancier, but was still just bar food. Granted, this is a bar so there isn't necessarily anything wrong with that. I wouldn't suggest seeking out the food here. It's fine for convenience, or for before seeing a show upstairs. (Note: tell your server you're going to the upstairs show, we almost missed the beginning because it took so long to get our check).

The upstairs has nice acoustics, but the long, skinny set up makes it kind of difficult to be near the stage. I also found the cover to be a bit on the high side ($10 for the one I went to). 

After looking over the upcoming shows, I wish this location seemed as into the local music scene as their Ardmore counterpart. I feel like they have more concern for getting "larger" national names than supporting our own pretty awesome local music scene. The problem with this is, when a local act opens the show, they will not receive any money until the cost of bringing in the larger act is covered, which ends up screwing over those local acts the vast majority of the time. In contrast, their Ardmore location pays acts based on how many people they bring. So if you brought 20 people, you'd get paid a percentage of 20 people's covers, no matter where you stand in the line up.

I'm also a little confused as to how they think 200 people can fit up there. I'm thinking at 100, I'd start getting quite claustrophobic.
At the intersection of 11th and Chestnut, there exists a watering hole with a consistently good selection of brews on tap. At the intersection of waiting for my better half to leave work and wanting to unwind after a busy day me-self, lies a reason to patronize this establishment.

The 6-7 times that we have enjoyed a pour here, we have never been disappointed with the craft brew selections or the service at the bar. The bartenders are very friendly and efficient. On Tuesday's, there's a weekly Jazz Quartet performing under the stairs that is a treat to ones ears. No cover.

We have ordered appetizers on one occasion and found the selections to be decent and up to bar food standards. The rest of the times, we went with a cheap eat option in Philly's Chinatown prior to heading home.

As beer lovers, we would give this place 4-stars.
Milkboy,

You say you're open  at 6am every day, so why is it that when i stopped by today (a saturday at 8:40am) all your doors were locked? I'd really love to give you some business, but that's hard to do when you never seem to be open.  

I'm giving you one star for now as a sort of placeholder since i can't really rate what i haven't tried.   I will keep going back until you are open (i don't buy into all that union drama), but when i do finally take a sip of my first coffee there, i really hope it's the best coffee  I've ever tasted....
I just returned from lunch with Allison B at Milkboy and I'm already a fan. From the sweet servers, great and sometimes random (in a good way - Cornershop, anyone?) tunes and solid eats, what's not to like?

I arrived just before 12:30 and had my choice of available tables. Where was everyone? I selected a booth away from the busy open windows but still with a view of the street and got my coffee on. As I decided between a turkey wrap and a burrito, our server told us about the special, a roasted pork sandwich with tomatoes, sauteed spinach and a creole spread. I was sold. I requested a side salad in place of fries for two dollars more. 

Our food arrived and the fries managed to sneak onto my plate, but after a quick mention to our server a side salad arrived shortly after. Allison's pickled veggie tempura was awesome, and her tomato bisque with croutons and cheese looked super tasty. My sandwich was great and although the fries looked tempting, I stuck to my guns and ate only the side salad, which was worth the upcharge. Allison confirmed that the fries were indeed delish. I'm definitely looking forward to return visits and checking out the upstairs area for live music.
I haven't been upstairs at MilkBoy music venue, but I've eaten from there few times, and I am not a fan!
The latest I had was the Hangover Burger with egg and Thai chili mayo and tickled peppers. For $16 I was expecting to be blown away by the deliciousness, instead, it was so salty, I couldn't finish it, but my friend loved it, so I think its just my own personal preference.

Three Yelps.
Went there on Saturday July 6th. We were a party of 4. Despite the fact that yelps says it opens at 7am it did not open til 9 a.m.

We placed our order immediately as we had a 10 o'clock  tour to go to.I know its a bar slash restaurant but the minute we sat down they started blaring obnoxious heavy metal music this is at 9 o'clock on a Saturday morning. I felt like I was dealing with a bunch of petulent obnoxious rebellious  teenagers.  Anyway we placed our food order immediately.  We ordered omelettes and an egg sandwich.

At 945 we still had not received our food.  I mean we were the only people in the restaurant does it really take 45 minutes to jiggle up some eggs.  Adding insult to injury when we complained to young woman who appeared to be in charge she said " I'm sorry if the food isn't coming out fast enough for you guys". There were three women working there and just the 4 of us. We put our order in immediately upon arrival.  There's just no excuse for eggs to take that long.

Worse yet was the managers attitude.  Not only was she rude but she seemed  more preoccupied with her tatoos and heavy metal music then taking care of the customers in the restaurant.  I would suggest for next tatoo she get one of either Aunt Jemima or Mrs Butterworth that tattoo could serve as a daily reminder that any idiot can prepare breakfast for four in  less than 45 minutes.
Now after a few more visits I have to say DO NOT SEE A SHOW HERE IN THE SUMMER. The air conditioning is almost a nonfactor. Went to see Fishbone this past August and although it was in the high nineties that day the upstairs temperature was like the surface of the sun. It was so hot that one of the band members actually started to get heat stroke. They took a break and took him outside giving him water and putting ice on the back of his neck. It was so bad they wheeled a stretcher across11th street from Jefferson and took him into the E.R.. They had to come back on without him. When they did retake the stage 60% of the crowd had already filed out. Management really needs to do something about the air or I for one would not recommend any show during the Summer months.
I met some friends here for happy hour and although the one bartender was seriously hot eye candy, I will never go back.  Some of us don't drink beer and our server was very irritated when asked what wines they have, to which her reply was "the usual stuff."  We got a very cheap pinot noir for a hefty price.  

We also ordered some appetizers which were just ehh.  I got jalepeno cheese fries, the fries were steak cut with a cheese sauce on top and sliced jalepenos.  The fries weren't cooked long enough so they still had that raw potato texture in the center and the cheese sauce was flavorless unless you had a bite of jalepeno.  

I gave it two stars instead of one because they have a bowl of bacon on their menu.  Yes, it's actually a bowl that's filled with cooked bacon slices in some awesome glaze.  If I ever find myself here again (very unlikely), it'd be just to grab some to-go bacon and get out again.
Still no better upstairs. They need to stop having shows up there, it's like locking a kid in a hot car. Was there two weeks ago for Fishbone and the trumpet player passed out on stage due to the heat and had to be taken across the street to the hospital on a stretcher. Not what I'm paying for. I would rather see a whole show by the whole band. I myself had to head outside at the beginning of the show for fear I was going to pass out from the heat..and we were standing directly under the air conditioner. Tiny unit which would be better suited for a 140 sq ft apartment living room rather than an over sold music venue. Two of my friends had to leave early for fear they would drop. Will never be back. Bar service is very good. Door guy was a little overzealous tho, created a line way too long by tripping out on his authorit'eye, total novice, should never work a door.
$2.00 for soda water? Really?

Overpriced, mediocre food, but nice staff (aside from upper management...I get the sense that management struggles a bit with temper tantrums and alcohol abuse). I go here on my lunch break 'cause it's a nice place to sit and chill in the chaos of center city, at very least.
Four Stars for atmosphere n vibe.  I always stop by when I am in Philly, but mostly bc a friend and me used to stop here after Saturday morning training marathon runs and drink!  Imagine your 1st marathon, 16 miles past rocky steps, down boathouse row to Manayunk and back. A Sat afternoon jaunt in 40 degrees and a moscow mule or 2.  What fun memories!  I lived on Front and Chestnut, she hopped the train on market.  why arent there more cool joints near Market or at least on Chestnut, more near city hall?
I had been curious about this place after driving by many times. A friend and I stopped in for Sips. We grabbed a high-top and waited several minutes to be acknowledged. My friend asked for drink recommendations and the server gave her a bit of attitude saying "I don't drink any of those, I'm a whiskey drinker."  We each ordered mojitos which had minuscule  amounts of rum and way too much club soda.

Wanting to move on to another Sips spot, we quickly drank and grabbed our check. They charged us 10% tax, which whatever, its 20 cents, but can they do that?
At the moment I'm working in the area.  I've whipped in several times in the morning to grab a quick coffee.  Great taste and great people serving it.

I stopped in one afternoon for a happy hour drink.  I had a solid drink supplied by a friendly bartender.  Although I didn't have the time to grab some food what I saw served to other folks looked awesome.  I love the atmosphere!  I'll be back.
The sentiment of my original review about MilkBoy still stands, however I finally had a chance to see a show upstairs.  I think I may have a new favorite small venue. 

The spot is very intimate and essentially a big room with a stage at one end and a bar at the other. The room has more length than width, and the stage isn't too high of a platform. You can get up, close and personal with the bands. Not to mention there's no "back stage." Fangirl/fanboy away as the band walks up to the stage to start their gig. By far, my favorite aspect was the sound quality. I'm no physicists, but the long room did wonders for acoustics. That's such a huge deal, since I can think of some popular venues in this city with atrocious sound quality. 

I can't speak to all ticket pricing, but the show I attended in May 2018 was extremely inexpensive. I bought my tickets in advance online and paid $28.60 for two tickets when all was said and done with fees. How sad that the fees accounted for 30% of the cost! Day of tickets would've been $15. I'm curious if there are still fees if you buy at the venue. 

The venue was very laid back. They stamp your hand after scanning your ticket, you are free to move between the venue upstairs and the downstairs bar. The bar in the venue doesn't offer drafts and the beer selection isn't overly exciting. Downstairs I was able to grab a draft beer to bring back up. While their draft list isn't huge, I lucked out with one of my favorites: Half Acre Double Galactic Daisy Cutter.  If you arrive before 7pm, you can even take advantage of happy hour. 

Chill scene, great sound and good vibes.
I found out from a friend that Milkboy opened in center city, very close to my place of employment.  I remember hearing from other friends that their Ardmore location had a TON of awesome vegan food on their menu and good coffee to boot.  I checked their menu for their Ardmore location and got really excited at the prospect of having a warm vegan breakfast (tofu scrambles and vegan scrapple, hell yes!) available to me on my way in to work.  With that being said, I spared no time in checking out the center city location for lunch.  

When I got there, I was greeted by a waitress/barista and I asked if I can place a take out order, she handed me the menu and upon looking at it, was immediately disappointed in the vegan options, there are barely any!  No tofu, no tempeh bacon, no scrapple, no vegan cheese (daiya), just seitan and roasted veggies.  Not even any vegan baked goods!  Maybe it's just because they just opened and are just trying to figure out the kitchen before expanding their menu?  I don't know, but I ordered their seitan cheesesteak anyway (sans cheese, SO lame).  After waiting for almost 30 minutes (no exaggeration, literally 30 minutes!), I finally got my order and proceeded back to my office to dig into lunch.  I opened the container and seriously couldn't believe I just paid $9.72 for a 6 inch seitan cheesesteak.  Cut into half, I felt like I was eating a finger sandwich, not a cheesesteak.  That really sucked.  Coupled with the long wait time, the confusing ordering (I had to order my coffee and food separately), the fact that I heard the owner or manager yell at one of the employees, it was just NOT a good experience.  

Vegans, do yourself a favor and skip this place.  $10 for a kid-sized sandwich??  Ugh, I feel like I just got played.  And who knows if there is any cross-contamination going on the cooking surfaces.  Go to Blackbird, and get yourself a real sandwich that's double the size AND cheaper.  If you're looking for a beer to go with your food, there are PLENTY of gastropubs in center city that cater to vegans and your omnivorous friends - Monk's, Knodding Head, Khyber Pass Pub, just to name a few.

Note: I have Milkboy two stars just because in theory, this place would be great.  Coffee, beer, veg-friendly food and live music.  Hopefully over time, the negatives will get ironed out.
The stuff you buy isn't bad and the decor is ok too. The service is lousy. They don't really list their prices or sizes for beer. I ordered a "local" beer and was charged $7 for an 8oz beer. If that wasn't bad enough they served it to me in a wine glass. When I asked for it to be put in a beer glass, the bartender immediately gave me an attitude and didn't want to do it. After insisting she dumped it into a pint glass so hard it flattened the beer and handed me back a half pint of foam. Really soured our whole experience. I'd never go back here.
Coffee drinks are mediocre. Almost $5 for a small/medium iced latte. I wasn't too impressed. My latte was about 90% milk and 10% coffee. Maybe I should of gotten a beer.....? Service was not too welcoming, upon walking in, it was confusing where to go to order coffee. I love the MilkBoy in Ardmore and it was disappointing that this one did not offer the same atmosphere or service. I was super excited for this and it was a slight bust. But they have plenty of time to up their game. I will try again in a few weeks. Good Luck guys!
Meh.

Came in for lunch on a weekday with a friend. The place was dead. I counted 3 staff members working, all looked at us, none of them could be bothered to greet us. They had much more important things to do. Like drying glasses. Getting us menus or taking our order seemed like the last thing anyone wanted to do. I asked our waitress a simple question about a dish and she looked at me with the angriest face. She never once smiled until it was time to drop the check and get a tip. 

Bottom line: Rude service. Food was alright. Won't be back. Too many other good places in town I'd rather give my money to.
Just generally shocked about my experience tonight. Both of the bartenders were visibly intoxicated which is fine until well below sub par service is given. How could I tell you may ask? Well the blond haired bartender seemed pretty eager to take his shirt off or doing a dance move you'd have to ask him. The other couldn't remember an order for a beer and makers mark and instead gave me Jameson???? As a former bartender it's pretty sad to see terrible service in a pretty cool bar.
OK, so, apparently only some of the staff know what's what about coffee.

Which is OK because this place is more of a restaurant/bar/music venue and less of a coffee shop. Plenty of actual coffee shops nearby.

I'll let you know that I've also decided that I don't like their house blend. Not that it's bad coffee, it's just that the roast is too dark for me. Should be fine for those of you who like dark roasts. If and when I get coffee from this here Milkboy, I'll stick with the rotating coffee of the week (usually a lighter roast).
Went for drinks and appetizers with some friends on a Saturday night. There was a live show upstairs, but the downstairs wasn't super busy. Decent beer selection, but the food was incredibly bland. We all split nachos and seitan quesadillas. Each plate was 7 dollars and were very, VERY small portions. Nothing seemed fresh, either. The quesadillas came with a little bit of gross pickled jalapenos on the side. The nachos were soggy.

To sum it up, we all agreed that the food was so boring, it was actually impressive and ballsy of MilkBoy to serve it.
I've failed to experience anything at Milkboy that would justify a rating higher than 3-stars.  I really wanted to give it more, but why would I?  The food is A-OK and service is nothing to jump up and down about.  They do have a decent selection of beers, but a majority of them are in cans and seem a bit pricey for cans at that.  I do love sitting downstairs with the garage doors open on a light spring or fall day.  It also is in a great spot if you work at Jefferson (which I don't).  Throw all that in a bag and mix  together and you'll pull out a 3-star review.
There are many great things about MilkBoy. Here are a few of my favorite things:

-Great beer list for craft beer fans
-Diverse bar food menu
-Music venue
-When the giant windows are open, it's an indoor/outdoor experience 
-Weekday happy hour
-Laid back but fun vibe 

Adding to the list, my newest and favorite attribute of MilkBoy is the Spinach Arancini. These little risotto balls are absolutely amazeballs! They are filled with spinach risotto, roasted garlic aioli and fried in goodness. Each order comes with 5 balls which make it fairly shareable or perfect for an individual to enjoy alone. Each bite was creamy, favorable and addicting. I wish I was eating another ball right now. 

I could seriously talk about the spinach aracini all day, and long for my next visit to MilkBoy.
Drinks are so good here. Wow. Milkboy-Tai is a play on a Mai Tai and it was absolutely delicious. Pretty strong too because I was definitely a little tipsy after that + my Moscow Mule (standard to-go drink for me!). $2 off delicious cocktails and reasonable craft beer - there was this honey beer that my friend ordered and it wasn't too sweet and wasn't too bitter. There's a specific chalkboard dedicated to their craft beers that aren't much more expensive than draft beers so go with those for sure. Though it was pretty crowded for a Tuesday happy hour, my friend and I managed to snag a high top table and were waited on which was nice. She came over to check in just enough that it wasn't bothersome or annoying so props ;) She also did a great job in recommending the Milkboy-Tai so that's probably why I was happy.
I don't know why I haven't written my review sooner. This was one of the very first places I have ever went when I moved to Philly. 

We always experience great service and they have a decent happy hour. What more could you ask for ;)

I love that they have indoor and outdoor seating. We were able to watch the basketball game while sitting outside.

The hangover burger is enough to feed two people. They were kind enough to cut and plate it separately for my husband and I. They even split up the fries. 

Drinks are really strong, maybe a little too strong but you can't complain. 

This place is also kid friendly. The family that was sitting at the table before us had two children. I saw a guy come in and sit down with three kids to watch the game. I wouldn't bring your kids here too late though, it is a bar. During the day is fine but anything after 6pm, I would think about going elsewhere.
The service was helpful and pleasant. Good selection of drinks & happy hour specials. We didn't have any food but I'll return to sample it.

The ground floor comprises a long bar, opposite are tables & seats along the window... Other end is more seating for dining. It's a good use of the space. Upstairs is the live music venue.

I like the vibe in here it's grunge, Gen X with the tiniest bit of hipster.

We didn't stay long because we made other plans but this one is worth another visit.
Met a friend here during Happy Hour.  The drinks were serviceable, though not particularly memorable.  I wish they would expand their bar menu.  The location is great.  

I think this place has a lot of potential, but it needs to find its footing.
You should only come here for drinks and chill. Not for food.
Less than mediocre food and service. The food for our group came out so slow and disjointed, the time I got my burger, my husband has long finished his meal. Also my burger sucked (not sure why i bothered when I live near Spot burger, which are the best burgers ever).
The burger meat, which I asked for medium, was well done and Tasted like it came out of the freezer. The bun was sort of stale. I want to forget that burger.
Bbq chicken grilled cheese sounded good on paper, but was so underwhelming and greasy.
Bar food can be good, just not here.
Service was eh. As I said, food wait was not good. Ordered a few drinks a couple times that took forever to come. Ended up getting a free drink after trying to order twice and waiting forever.
If I come back to milkboy, I'll only stick to drinks, oh and maybe the fries (maybe).
Possibly the worst experience I've ever had in a restaurant. Being a restaurant worker myself, I may be a bit overly critical, however, my entire party was disappointed. After being told to seat ourselves, we waited almost 10 minutes for menus. Once a server came to ask our drink order, she forgot it several times and didn't ring is water until we specifically asked for it. It didn't seem an overly busy night (it was a Sunday) and there were two servers plus three, 3 (!!) bartenders, yet it was a full half hour until she brought us drinks and took our order. There also seemed to be quite a bit of miscommunication (or no communication) between the two servers as to who was taking care of us. At that point, with a show we were trying to make in about 40 minutes, we just ordered a couple of apps. And again- a full 30 minutes until our three small plates showed up. We were running a little late so we immediately asked for the check and wolfed everything down. The food was decent but nothing amazing. My friend has the fried brussel sprouts and they were slightly over-seasoned, however our macncheese with asparagus and cauliflower was pretty good. 
Overall- very disappointed with the service. Beer selection was decent, however a little pricier than is typical for PA. Food- okay but not exciting or reasonably priced. 
If you're looking for decent beer and bar food for a spot to watch the game or catch live music, it seems like a good spot. Other than that- not impressed.
So, we walk in the joint and immediately I know the doorman from a previous job! I'm so popular! This place has style! I didn't think I was going to like it but it was great! The menu is great for a night out. The second floor is for the entertainment. The drinks, coffee-themed and priced right! I had a bowl of bacon glazed with honey with a blue cheese dipping sauce. Say what you want, it was awesome! I would definitely bring a date here, stop in after work, a night out with friends, you name it! I'M A FAN OF MILKBOY!!
My friends' bands play here often so I've been here somewhat frequently.  The food is good and so is the coffee but I need to complain about the service behind the bar (at night).  I'm hoping they see this and make some changes.  

They are RUDE.  Every time I've been there, I've had a hard time with a bartender.  When I asked for a coffee downstairs, the barista/bartender actually GROANED because he didn't feel like making it.  All they do is grab a can of beer and serve it to you, so I understand it takes more time to actually make a coffee than grab a can of beer and open it for me, but you do serve coffee.  When I gave him a tip of $2.50 on a $3 coffee (for his trouble), he didn't thank me.  Other times, they've given me a hard time for ordering water (god forbid I want to hydrate) nor do they ask if you want bottled or tap.  And they're just in general, RUDE RUDE RUDE every time.  I'm going to stop being nice and tipping well for their trouble of opening a can of beer for me because I'm so sick of their attitude.  

Secondly, I think they charge way too much for canned beers.  

I hope management improves this.
They have a bar and eatery downstairs, but I come here for the live latin music & dancing on tuesdays. A fun spot to let your hair down . Good crowd .
Stopped in for some drinks during our Philly-venture.

Service was extremely slow considering the place was dead.  Seemed as if the bartender didn't really care to be working or know how to make the drinks.

They had cool garage windows that opened up so that's why we came in here for a drink.
Ordered food from here off of Caviar and was thoroughly impressed.  We got a grilled cheese, tomato soup, and mint chocolate chip ice cream.  We got the Roma grilled cheese and boy it was delicious!! The tomato soup was OK - it tasted more like pasta sauce than tomato soup but nonetheless was still good.  I love how they include goldfish with the soup!

The mint chocolate chip ice cream was my favorite part.  It was super creamy and tasted so fresh.  I can't stop thinking about that ice cream!
I came here for lunch with my mom and ordered a few items from the menu. I asked for dry wings and said I don't want anything on them and I got rubbed wings and when I asked the waiter for dry wings he really gave me an attitude and said well, their wings come rubbed. That might have been useful information when I said dry wings. Anyways, the food was just ok. The chicken sandwich we got was soaking in mayo and the bread was very oily. I ordered the butternut squash and Brussels sprouts and they came in little stew-form which i did not expect from the menu desrciption. Overall very confusing and the food was just ok!
This was quite the interesting find. As we were walking around looking for a good place to have lunch, our friend, a local, mentioned that he had wanted to check this place out because of the buzz. 

When we walked in, it was quite the interesting mixed type crowd, usually a good indication that the place is pretty good if it attracts a mixed crowd. But I mean like, moms, band guys, spring break girls, etc. the place is not that huge and the bar was mostly full. the bartender was jovial and fun. We ordered some drinks. They have one drink on the menu that includes tequila but the hitters were a bit too much for me. My partner and friend enjoyed them though. Instead I went for the sangria, which I have to say was terrible for my taste. Then again, the bartender did warn me that it was a seasonal sangria with plums. Yeah, plums. I was immediately intrigued and was all for it. Then I learned I don't like plum flavor on my drinks. So definitely not holding it against the bar, especially when I was warned first!

That said, I drank my sangria... Slowly... Cause we don't want angels to lose their wings! We saw the menu, didn't order anything but if we can come back to visit, we agreed to include this in our list of places to come back to and as soon as I do, I will most likely update this review.

This is a cool bar with a cool crowd, not a date type place. More like a come and chill with friends or meet new ones type place!
Looks cool, and it's in a walkable spot, but didn't appreciate the vibe of the staff. Controlling bouncer that apparently kicked people out for no reason on a unique event night. Music was interesting and on point but the clientele was very interactive like I'd hope at a bar. 

Small shot glasses, but somewhat a cheap city wide if you're in need of one.
not sure what their eat-in is like, but their to-go is a total ripoff! i ordered their citrus salad & tomato bisque & for $16 i got a *half* of a small coffee cup's worth of soup & 2 (loosely packed) cups of salad consisting of bagged field greens, cucumbers, onions, orange slices, croutons, 1/10 of a grilled chicken breast (if that) & a tiny ramekin of dressing which was more oil than anything else. i don't mind small portions, but not for so-so food for such a high price! live & learn....fuel from now on.
still slightly sitting on cloud nine from the fab EE we were thinking of post game libations and someone suggested we head out to Milkboy. I actually had a great time at the IYE here a few months back and thought why the hell not. About 16 of us grabbed up two tables , we were def over dressed for milkboy but not attention was paid as the packers/giants game was on and things were getting heated. Everyone ordered something different mostly beers of the canned variety which there were plenty of. i chose the "auntie mazie" which was a delis mixture of vodka and fruit juice. i was bummed that none of the coffee drinks could be served hot . our server did a bang up job and was very nice. if in the neighborhood id def return
My review is based on the upstairs live music space. We tried to get in before the show to get some food but the restaurant was full. There was no hostess so you just grab a table when it opens up and we were starving so we went somewhere else. The food looked really good so I hope we can go back  the future.

Getting to the show was a little awkward. Since it was so cold there was a line of ppl in the middle of the restaurant. I felt bad standing there bc we were so close to the tables and the servers had a hard time getting through. The upstairs space is very long and narrow with the stage at one end. It's good for up and coming artists bc it doesn't feel empty. The only bad thing is that depending on how many ppl are there you may be pretty far back. The bar is at the opposite end which was nice and they had a pretty extensive drink menu and some food. I would def go back if there is someone I want to see.
The boy found the punch bowl intriguing so we stopped in one weekend during the day. They didn't have it. The waitress said it was because they didn't have the glasses for it. We just had beers and an order of fries just to have a bite. It was hot inside and the floor to ceiling windows were open so rendering the inside and outside seating virtually seamless. This I thought was a mistake. In Philly weather where rain is likely but unpredictable, the humidity intense, and 3-4 months of a year are subject to snow, outdoor seating is rarely a pleasant option, there's no reason to render the inside of the establishment as unbearable as the outside. 

The beers were mostly canned; there were few drafts. The fries, topped with cheese and jalapenos, were unremarkable (also, inexplicably cut into sheets although that's neither here nor there). While nothing was terribly overpriced, it was abundantly clear that we overpaid for products ranging from less than to just about mediocre. I've never seen the place packed to the brim, but I've certainly seen it busier than when we visited. This is maybe a decent stop for quick and moderately priced dinner and drinks? Not sure I would return any time soon with all the other great options around, but I am still curious about that punch.
Long before I knew of Milkboy's incredible cafe's in Ardmore and Bryn Mawr, I knew about their state of the art recording studio, and the widespread number of eclectic musicians that it has linked the name to in the past. Suburbia just didn't offer the capacity or sound levels that the Milkboy name had the potential to rock out on. So their Philly location was a no brainer that I had been waiting years for as a result.

I had my first chance to check it out during the Yelp Intern Event and I was instantly enamored. Downstairs still gave the same cafe feel that you'd become accustomed to from the other spots, while adding in a full bar with some choice drafts and an impressive food menu. the meatballs, wraps, chicken wings, and other choice bites we were offered were delicious, and have me ready to try it out for a food visit. And I especially can't wait to try boozy coffee drinks like the Picket Line that Sue suggested.

Upstairs yielded an impressive stage, and a bar that has plenty of booze and the most impressive selection of canned beers that I've seen any bar offer. From basics like PBR and Rolling Rock, to craft brews like Six Point and Oskar Blues, to imports like Strongbow and Becks; if its a beer that comes in a can then there's a good chance that they'll have it.

I finally went to a show when my friends Penrose (http://penrose.bandcamp.com/) and En Fuego (http://enfuego.bandcamp.com/) celebrated En Fuego's Album Release and I was definitely in awe. The sound was perfection, and the lights and smoke effects were flawless enough to the point that they were even able to be controlled from an IPAD (I think I finally have a reason to want one!). The shared bathroom situation was the only thing that was kind of awkward, but it was a manageable hassle.

Since that point Milkboy has soldiered on with some eclectic show lineups. And its definitely becoming a spot to watch!
A great, welcoming Philadelphia bar. Come to meet the diverse crowds of Jefferson staff and Packer fans. Small but solid rotating draft list. Great space with some interesting lithographs, including one of a Packer fan passed out in front of Lambeau Field, the Green Bay Packer stadium. Curious about the story behind this, regular patrons reveal the legend of a Texan traveling to Wisconsin and converting to the local team, who rested peacefully after his first Live Packer Game.
I had seen this place before since I work at Jefferson's hospital, and been wanting to try it. I loved the ambience and look of the place, really chill, but I wasn't impressed with the service I received. I know this place opened up not too long ago, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and try it again, but there were a few things they need to work on. Firstly, we weren't acknowledged whatsoever from the bartender. To me this is a problem. Myself and the two friends I was with have restaurant experience and know what its like to be in the weeds and very overwhelmed. The one bartender looked to be feeling that way so we didn't bother or interrupt to get a drink, just sat back and waited to be asked. Finally, over 5 minutes later, the other bartender is standing right in front of us talking and didn't ask us if we wanted a drink. We did finally get served, but it took me to say "excuse me, can I have ...?" to be recognized. I would like to try out their happy hour or live music one night to give them another chance because I think the place has potential.
COME HERE IF YOU WANT TO: 
-  Listen to local live bands
-  Chil at a cozy bar
-  Socialise with bartenders
-  Drink cocktails and enjoy happy hour specials

Pros:  
I give this place 5 stars because bartenders are generous with the alcohol they serve you (they don't dilute it much with mixers) and they know how to chat with patrons instead of walking away after dropping a drink on your lap.  In addition, I LOVE, LOVE, LOVEEE the local bands who perform here.  I've since moved to the West Coast and there's nothing here that compares to Milkboy.  Live music varies from heavy metal, R&B and indie/folk.  

Favourite drink:  Dark n Stormy / Espresso cocktail

Cons:
Food is pretty mediocre.  If you're a food junkie, don't go.  If however, you're into drinks and music then please do me a favour and GO!  What are you waiting for?!
After having stopped in Milkboy a few times, it really is a decent spot to grab some coffee or a drink or see a show or maybe all 3.

Upstairs is a large area with a stage where they host live music.  Beer-wise, you can sit at either of the bars and find a nice selection of drafts.

Personally, I dig their coffee.  At the time of writing, they were brewing up Dallas Brothers out of New York and at just over a buck a cup, it's hard to argue with.

I don't have much to say about the food because I haven't had it.  If I do, I'll make sure to update my review.
Cool music venue spot.  I didn't eat here but spent the night upstairs seeing some awesome local music.  

Few things to know... the bar is cash only and the bathrooms (upstairs) are gross. Just letting you know.
Fun place with great music. Great selection of beers in cans. Small but good selection on tap. The food menu looks nice but we really only wanted beer.
Working in Center City, MilkBoy is a very convenient location for a centrally located happy hour. They have decent deals ($2 off beer, wine and specialty cocktails) and a fairly large drink menu. I have never eaten food here but friends I have been there with have and they usually say it is "ok". Service is spotty, I have had maybe one attentive server any time I have been there but most of the time I find myself waiting 5-10 minutes for an introduction/menu and asking for the check while ordering my last drink because you never know how long it will take them to get it to you. The one specialty cocktail, the skinny colada, is AMAZING and worth going to MilkBoy just for that!
The restaurant itself is very nice, but the food was mediocre at best, the waitress (Kerri) was rude, unapproachable, and had an attitude for most of our dining experience. The overall experience was just OK and I would not go back to at least the Chestnut location.
Cool bar. Great drinks. Pretty laid back and a good place to meet with friends for drinks or a bite.  Service is really good.  Dan is hysterical.

Food is really good.  The Korean BBQ Steak sandwich will change your life!
Excellent drinks but terrible service at least when I went. I've had good experiences here before but midday on a Saturday, it wasn't great. The bartender was incredibly inattentive and rude. In fact she told me a drink that I wanted to order wasn't available, only for me to see another bartender make it for another patron less than 45 minutes later.
Milkboy is refreshing for the 11/Chesnut scene. I'm really happy this coffee shop is open and I'm hoping this is the beginning of a transformation for the area.

Let's be honest - who would really turn down a place that offers coffee and alcohol? No one. I've only been here for coffee but I'll be back for a low-key Fri/Sat night. They do offer food, but it's a small menu.

Great coffee and free refills when you order in. Really friendly baristas.
Awful. Show was supposed to be 8:30. Waited in line from 8 until 8:40 in the freezing cold to get in. Pre-show didn't start until 9:30. Paper Kites not on until 10:30!? 

Got out at 12:30. Raced to find my car. Car towed because I only had until midnight. Why do I even keep giving the city a try? 

This venue was unprofessional and lame. I won't be back.
Good: Drink Specials, Generous food portions, great service.
Bad: (But not a deal breaker): Cover charge to go upstairs, staff can be pushy on ordering.

Tip: The downstairs has garage door windows that are opened on a nice day, keep this in mind if you like hearing the city bustle.
My review is a reflection of the upstairs live music space only.

Narrow but reasonably spacious, this is a good spot to see a small act or local band.  

The beer selection is sizable and has plenty of variety.

I'm not sure I'd frequent this place, but it's solid enough to entice me with occasional shows.
When I first walked into the upstairs music venue, I was a little put off by its shape. It's very long and narrow. And dark. But once the show started (the amazing Bottle Rockets) it didn't seem to matter. There are stools along the walls and even if you don't have a stool you have a wall to lean on. The acoustics are surprisingly good. Staff friendly. Nice bartenders. OK bathroom. 

There's a restaurant downstairs but I didn't eat there so can't comment. 

I love the fact that little clubs like this still exist in the world of Livenation etc. It feels like New Orleans music scene. 

Unless you fear the show is going to sell out, you save a ton by buying at the door. No service fee. The Ticketfly fee was $11 for 2 $20 tix which is highway robbery.
one of the cooler places in the city. on a nice day they open all their windows and let the air come in.  Drinks here are the usual... food (the pork belly and/or fish tacos) are great. Def a cool spot to go to if you're meeting up with friends. Its perfectly placed in the city right on chestnut.  been here a handful of times.
Love love LOVE coming here when I'm working in Center City. The staff is always amazing and very accommodating. Special shout out goes to the morning bartenders, Rebecca & Dan, who always know how to make the experience worthwhile. The other staff members I have met that usually work weekdays are also rad and very nice to talk with. As one who works in the service industry as well, I feel like this place is perfect to "detox." My only concern is the lack of vegan options. With such a chill, hipstery vibe, I feel more vegan options are necessary. Other than that, I love MilkBoy!
I work right down the st from here so i tend to stop in alot for a quick bite to eat or some breakfast . The place is really cool looking and comfy and they have this huge garage windows that they open up on really nice days and it makes the place a little more inviting . its a nice place to have a quick drink or something to munch on. The upstairs is small but cozy and always has a  local band playing  . breakfast is good , lunch or dinner is ok .   I  do love there caramel iced coffee!!
MilkBoy is cool, industrial-style bar in Midtown and even boasts a stage upstairs for live music. It's a great place for happy hour if you work nearby ($2 off all alcohol)--just watch out because it gets super-crowded. There are tons of regulars here, as is obvious from the friendliness of the bartenders (who are friendly to everyone, a plus).

The draft list is noticeably heavy on craft brews--try the apricot wheat when they have it. Another standout is the cheese fries (~$6). They are completely covered in a thick layer of mozzarella and baked in a ceramic dish. They resemble steak fries, as they are fairly thick-cut, but when they arrived at my plate, they weren't soggy at all and they were heavily salted (exactly the way I like it).

During the summer, they can open the windows to the street, which allows the loudness of customers to waft around the block and draw you in. Definitely a cool place to enjoy a beer with a friend.
This review is for the upstairs concert venue only. 
I attended a recent show for a friend who had her band scheduled for the night. 
The room is dark and acoustic is not that great for music. The small space creates some challenges. 
I liked the bar in the back that had very quick service. I was able to set up a tab with ease, so we could order drinks as needed. 
Drinks were strongly mixed. They also had a small selection of craft beers in a can. 

The venue had no tables or chairs to sit at other than the bar. With two bands playing it was a long time to stand. It was not overly packed to not have a few tables for people to sit at. If there was a table, I would have ordered food for the first band. As the second band playing was the one I went to hear. 
The venue is very intimate though. If you want close contact with who is playing, this is it. Both bands performers went into the crowd as there is no green room or back stage. The only way out is through the crowd. That made many people pretty happy to be able to shake hands or say high to the performer.
Drinks, food, atmosphere - all mediocre. Our waitress seemed like she had a stick up her butt. Very snappy and rude. Tried a few cocktails and they were all mehh. Split the crab cake sliders with a friend and I wasn't really a fan. Best part was the fries. They also play way too many songs featuring the harmonica.
I absolutely love MilkBoy! It is a fun, laid back bar with a solid beer selection and consistently good food. The menu is bar food oriented, and perfect if you're in the mood for a tasty sandwich or great apps. However, if you're looking for a salad or something boring/healthy, maybe keep on walking to the organic supermarket a block away. I've noticed it can get a pretty good crowd for happy hour and on weekends, but don't let this deter you from stopping in. The staff is always friendly and always willing to help out on recommendations. My fav is the grilled cheese and tomato soup, it's filling and ideal for a cold winter day :)
I was headed to Reading Market when I passed by MilkBoy. Glad I stopped in. The bartender was great, she even explained the taste profile of different menu items. The atmosphere was casual and laid back. There were some regulars in day drinking and chatting about where they were 18 years ago today - 9/11. The food was great, I had a Korean BBQ steak sandwich, but didn't eat most of the bread. The only problem was the menu was limited in healthy options, but then again, I did pick a bar to eat lunch in. 

Overall, great spot, I'm sure I will be back.
Visited here while visiting Philadelphia as a tourist.  Had a great time here -- excellent bartender, food was really great, the menu is really creative with great food and drink options, and the atmosphere here is fun. 

Shout out to the very fun crowd in the bar - which really made my night and were fun to talk to and laugh with.
So I went to Milkboy for CC Sips and found myself very disappointed. The restaurant is pretty narrow, and I got one of the last stools over by the front door, and didn't get served for 15 minutes. I know its busy during happy hour, but can a girl get a menu? The beer came pretty quick, which was nice (and expected) but the couple next to me (who ordered after me) got their food about 10 minutes earlier than I did. I ordered nachos and quesadillas, excited to try some yummy finger food, but when it came out the food was luke warm and not that tasty. Disappointment. The only good point was the beer, but there are many bars in philly i could go to that has better food. I won't be back.
Visited from Denver.  We went to Philly for Thanksgiving weekend.  This was the only bar open on Thanksgiving night.  Great vibe and friendly staff!  Food was ok; we had cheese curds and they were very oily and not much cheese.  Stoudt and Troegs beers were good but my cider on draft was not.
Super fun and laid back atmosphere. The bartenders are friendly and welcoming. They always made sure we had everything we needed and took care of everyone quickly. I definitely recommend this bar if you want good service, good drinks, and good food. I'll be back whenever I'm in the area.
Found myself in Philly for weekend and thought "craft beer and live music". Quick search landed me at MilkBoy. Ordered Green Flash IPA draft at the bar and it arrived HOT. I mean sit on picnic table in the sun hot. Ask Bar tender for Founders IPA in a can instead hoping it was drinkable... he brought back Daisy Cutter Pail Ale saying Founders was hotter than the draft. I said, but this isn't similar to what I ordered. For non-beer guys, like ordering a coffee and getting a tea. Bar tended kept saying this is a good beer and its cold.  2 sips later I closed my tab, left 15 oz of beer in can, and walked away instead of staying for the live music. Cost me $7 to learn where not to go in Philly.
This bar is good if you are in the area and don't want to deal with the "bro" or yuppie crowd. The drink selection is adequate and the servers are definitely nice and down-to-earth. I have attended shows here and the space was a bit too small.

Now for the food:

I got the grilled cheese and tomato soup. It was not good at all. I have made way better grilled cheese at home. The tomato soup was basically a jar of spicy Prego tomato sauce in a small cup. The sandwich was so dull. 

My friend got cheese fries. It was sliced potatoes with melted mozzarella on top. It was awful looking.

I would love for Milkboy to put some effort into the food. It could be so much better. It is actually pretty awful. For a first time try at the food I was shocked at how bad it was!
Great neighborhood hang out!!!! Great service and excellent menu. Perfect vibe for "day drinking". Being from out of town, this is a great place to hang with the locals and not a tourist trap!!! Highly recommend
Solid stop in the city for a drink if you're walking around and need a place to have a bite and a sip. We were there at an off hour (3pm or so?) so it was neither lunch nor happy hour. I think they were changing shifts, and the service was a little lackluster and our drinks for a party of 10 took quite a while to arrive (and many orders were just tap beer). I we sampled some of the apps (wings, mac and cheese) and I thought the food was fine, but nothing to rush back for. Overall, if you're looking for a casual chill vibe and standard bar food, this is your place.
MilkBoy, I like you in all seasons. In summer, it's a great happy hour spot with big open windows connecting indoor and outdoor seating. In the winter, the industrial space is surprisingly cozy. Anywhere you can get beer and coffee is a win in my opinion. The beer list is full of craft beers, and it's not hard for me to find one my favorites here (when I last went, the list was heavy on wheat beers and IPAs). The food is also surprisingly good, with plenty of veg options on the menu. I like the nachos and the tofu Po'Boy- both messy and awesome. Last time I was here, our waitress was also very sweet and generous with the coffee refills- I wish I remembered her name!
I have confirmation that, as far as coffee goes, they actually do know what they're doing. Certifiably so. They gots the knowledge. Sometimes they just play fast and loose with the laws of coffee service. Got me?
I'm going to start by saying I love this place. I work around the corner and first would stop in for after work drinks to take the edge off the long day, Kevin the bartender is always accommodating and incredibly funny. I drink Guinness and Jameson and a shot is $5, you can't beat it.

I then learned they do live music and food, I had the fried catfish BLT having lived in TN for many years I find it hard to find good catfish done right it seems so simple, but it really isn't. The sandwich was perfect the fish flaky and warm but not dry, so then I got the bacon bowl which is genius, it's what it sounds like a big bowl of bacon...why is this not on every menu everywhere?

I then learned they do third shift or "breakfast" for those not in the industry. I stopped in before work today and got the breakfast burrito with steak and a cup of coffee. Potatoes scrambled eggs pepper jack cheese steak scallions and the same size as those jumbo burritos at chipotle or qudoba for a grand total of $11.88 again you can't beat it. If you're in or around center city give milk boy a try. 

Love this place keep it up guys.
Meh.  A lot of my friends' bands play here and it's always just been missing something.  I'm used to places like KFN, DD, JB's, etc.  This is just.. there's something cold about it.  If that makes sense.  The bartenders are super nice though.  The beer selection is okay.  i only go there because my friends play there really.  I wouldn't go otherwise.
This place has a good vibe, good tunes and an OKAY drink selection.  But be weary of the sneaky bartenders slipping rail liquors into your premium drink selections.  I have unfortunately witnessed this multiple times, not worth the price.
I went to Milkboy to see a show last night.  The space is pretty awesome- I love the exposed brick and pipes and weathered look to the walls.  I also love the long bar and floor to ceiling windows.  What sucks is the fact that it gets extremely noisy downstairs when there's a show upstairs and the bar radio and the sound of the bands sort of clash, causing chaotic noise.

The upstairs space is pretty nice.  It's sizeable and there is a bar, but there are no beers on tap upstairs- it's all cans but they do have a good selection.  There is also no backstage area for performers so that can be a bit cumbersome when the place is crowded and the musicians have to lug their equipemtn through a crowd of people to the stage.
Came here during lunch time and the servers were not attentive and the food was mediocre.
I get my incense from an Indian shop across the way from milkboy and it always looked interesting and I just turned 21 so I decided to stop in for a drink tonight. 

Bartender made me a good drink, and the ambiance of the place is pretty nice actually. But the reason I gave it two stars is because of the bartender's response to a guy that was harassing me and some of the waiters. 

He was hammered (at 5:30 pm mind you) and for the 20 minutes I was there sat two seats away from me intermittently making loud grunting noises and slapping the bar trying to get me to look at him. When he kicked the chair next to me and started kicking my bag that fell off of it I offered him a few choice words and went to settle up. 

While I was paying my bill I heard my bartender saying how he was "just ignoring him" because he apparently comes in once every couple of months and gets trashed by himself. No one said anything to him at all and I think that's a little ridiculous. I worked in food service for a long time and have had to kick people out of places for disturbing other customers, it not fun - but if I worked at a hip little bar I'd rather keep the cool young people wanting to come to my place of business instead of old alcoholic douchebags. 

Needless to say, don't think I'll be returning.
I wish I could just not give a star rating here but unfortunately, I have to.  I knew this place was a coffee shop and had breakfast and was looking forward to checking it out when in town for business.  I had a co-worker meet me there at 8:15 for coffee and breakfast and to our amazement when we arrived, breakfast didn't start until 9am.  Talk about confusing...

Why serve breakfast during the week, starting at 9am?  Most people have to be at work by this time so it just seems backwards.  There was a barista there cooking up some great lattes, but the place was empty.  We grabbed a coffee and split to a morning meeting, foregoing breakfast.  

Anyway, the vibe looked super cool and I'll definitely go back to check out a show and dinner, but the no breakfast (during the week) until 9am was very strange.
Stopped here for lunch one Saturday before going to see a play at the Walnut Street Theater.  When we ordered my wife mentioned that she did not like french fries and the waitress automatically offered to switch to a side salad.  This thrilled my wife. So she ordered the Sliders Al Pastor (Pulled Pork).  I had a grilled cheese with tomato bisque.  We both thought the food was great. The service was also.

If you can make it on a nice day,  MilkBoy opens the garage doors and it is fantastic.
This place is just awful!! We came and the lady sat us outside under the sun, it was too hot! Until I went inside and sat by the bar the lady bartender noticed me and asked if I wanted anything I said I am w my family and we were seated outside--it was way too hot! Not only that, we waited for our food for about 45mins and there was nothing. The attendant was not even checking on us and had to walk to her 3x just to ask her if she could fix one of the tables inside so we could switch. Finally, my husband waved at her and she didn't come right away but came out w our food after a few mins. And as expected the food was just nothing special my kids didn't like it at all. It was too bad bc we are from L.A. just for the 4th of July weekend. We'll explore PHL more as it has a lot of good sights but will never come back to eat here again. Quite honestly, Rosa's dollar pizza around the corner is way better we ate there after coming to Milkboy, and that says a lot.
I've been here twice just for the downstairs bar, and not the upstairs music venue, so I'll limit my comments to the downstairs area - a beautiful, modern establishment with large windowed garage doors overlooking the street. 

The coffee cocktails are seriously heavenly concoctions with a real chocolatey kick to them, whether the Picket Line (double chocolate vodka with espresso) or the Waiting Room (frangelico, peppermint schnapps, hot chocolate, and coffee). The Nurse, meanwhile, is a delightfully creamy mix of whipped vodka and orange juice.

Service was courteous and efficient each time we were there, and, overall, the place has a lively yuppie atmosphere. A good mix of counter chairs, small tables, and booths to sit in downstairs. The upstairs music venue is super crowded and is long and narrow like the downstairs area, as others have mentioned. I can't comment on the quality of the music or of MilkBoy's commitment to the local music scene, but as a simple place to hang out, they've converted an older corner of the neighborhood into a sleek, modern gem.
I love this place. I've never eaten there, only a few drinks. Always great, lesser known bands.
Somehow I always forget about this place until someone else suggests going here, maybe its the location? I'm not sure why though because every time I go have a great time. It's definitely a fun atmosphere and a good vibe with yummy food and drinks. 
My favorite thing about it is when they open the walls up and the whole bar is open air. Their selection of beer isn't huge but there is normally something for everyone and the drinks are poured strong.  
The food is a surprisingly good take on bar food, maybe some of the best nachos I've ever had. It's pretty reasonably priced as well. 
There is a fun venue upstairs where they hold concerts.  I have only been up there once but it was a good time!  
The only downside is that it is pretty small and gets very crowded.  
PS: The bartenders are all pretty hot, so that doesn't hurt.
HAPPY HOUR REVIEW:

Awesome deals! And a 3 hour Happy Hour 4-7pm. $2 off drafts, wine and cocktails; great City Wides beyond the usual PBR and a shot of Beam, $5 well drinks. I love how they open all the doors so it turns into an open air bar. Lots of cute doctors/nurses from Jefferson too! It's not a huge place, but there's plenty of bar seating, hight tops, out door and booths.
Headed here post elite event, ordered myself the R5. This mix of orange bitter and whatever rye was pretty awesome. 

There were more than a dozen of us and the waitress did a great job with the large group. While we rambled buzzedly, Packers fans (or Giants, whoever was winning) were cheering boisterously. 

Milkboy seems like a chameleon place to hang.. It draws sports fans and fans of spiffy drinks and music fans and sustainability fans and cafe fans.. Who knows how Milkboy does it. Who knows why it's called Milkboy? 

Also, spiced mixed nuts at $3. They were awesome, and included sunflower seeds. Yum.

I'm definitely down to return for a show or something should opportunity knock.
Live down the street from this place.  Serves breakfast all day & great staff, what more could you ask for.  Good bloody Marys.
Top Five Favorite Bars in Philadelphia, for me. 

$2 off drinks during happy hour and perfectly potatoey house fries. Oh yeah, not to mention the venue upstairs which has showcased some of the best local acts. Get there after work and relax, get there after the pre-game and rage. Garage doors are open in the summer. What more could you possibly want?
First of all, we waited over an hour.. I ordered a basic breakfast, eggs, bacon, homefries and toast, my friends ordered a breakfast burrito, and eggs Benedict... Their food came out 10 minutes before mine and when mine finally came, everything was overlooked! My over easy eggs were entirely cooked throughout, and my bacon was black... BLACK!!! Burnt to a crisp. 

The waitress was nice about it and I understand it wasn't her fault, but then we were like consoling her because she felt so bad.. it just got very strange. I highly DO NOT recommend this place.
This is now my second time at milk boy, first time having food. I really don't know what their deal is with the service. I came to eat around 10pm on a Tuesday. There were only a few other tables around us. We ordered a few drinks, two apps, and two main dishes. Drinks came so slowly after being reminded numerous times. All of the food came out together after we asked for the apps first. We were told "idk why they came out together". Well I do, because you put the order in wrong. Don't blame the kitchen. Ok, rant over.

We ordered fries and the bacon bowl to start. Omg. The bacon bowl. Incredible. Yes, bacon is my favorite food. But in a bowl with maple syrup and spices?! Amazing. Fries were really good for just fries too. Then we both ordered the pork belly tacos. Also wonderful. They came with three tacos overfilled with meat and then an extra three shells. I'm really glad they came with limes because they definitely needed some lime juice. Not because it was dry, it just enhanced the taco flavor.

5 stars on food 0-1 stars for service.
A score of two is really an average of how I feel about the bar/coffee shop downstairs and the bar upstairs: First the bad stuff- Went to a benefit concert there recently and could not have been more appalled. Don't get me wrong- the music was great- but the second you get upstairs it is pitch dark- like someone forgot to pay the electric bill dark. Thank god I knew my friends so well because I could only distinguish them by dim silhouette (jesus- that is a hard word to spell.) Also it's cash only- weird. And then there were the drinks- I am pretty sure they served me a straight up glass of cranberry juice and even when I requested more vodka the bartender begrudgingly added half of a teaspoon. They also don't have the typical cocktail menu they have downstairs and pretty limited liquor options, served with a side of rude. 
Downstairs however, it's a totally different story. I really enjoy their imaginative cocktail menu and they always have some great beers on tap with an awesome bartender to boot. You can't go wrong with their coffee on a hungover Saturday morning either. Unfortunately, I think their food menu leaves a little something to be desired, but if you are literally starving I would go for the BLT or the grilled lemon ceasar salad. 

Bottom Line: Go (for coffee, or a drink) just be leery of going upstairs.
Went to Milkboy this morning with two friends. We ordered and never got our food. Our waitress took our order and disappeared. After 30 minutes she reappeared and we asked after our food. She told us that it would be a few more minutes. 15 minutes later we left without ever getting our food. Given the fact that there aren't a ton of tables, I am not sure what was going on and people who arrived after us were done eating when we left. 

If it were possible, I'd ask to be reimbursed for the 45 minutes of my life I can't get back and the inconvenience.
Best non-Mexican style nachos I've ever had. Full of an incredible amount of chewy cheese (more than any other place by far), delicious sauce, tasty chorizo, and not a single crispy chip left unattended by toppings.

Bartenders were very attentive and nice. Breeze from the big open doors was just perfect on a warm Saturday afternoon.
Gotta like the quote at the bottom of the drink menu:'Happy Hour for Every Shift'  this is right below the opening hours, which is 7am. So I thinking third shift happy hour which I know I have gotten before. But today no way! 'Sorry I know it's misleading' is what I was told. Only one happy hour. I guess I have to cross this off list for place to go after my occasional all night shift.
Not thrilled with this place -- the best thing it has going for it is the location.

The last time I was here, it was hot as hell outside the World Cup was going on.  It was HOT as hell in this place.  The fans weren't even going.  Eek.

I ordered an Arnold Palmer and the server brought me a mix of coffee and "lemonade" -- complete with coffee grounds.  

The food, however, was good.  My friend had the bbq pulled chicken sliders and I had the hangover burger.

There is nothing extraordinary about Milkboy, but if you're in the area around happy hour, it doesn't hurt to stop in.  A solid "C" place.
