Great to spend the morning in Fishtown having breakfast at the Milkcrate Cafe at the corner of E. Columbia and Girard. Interesting enviro with a huge record collection spanning music of the late 20th/early 21st Centuries. I didn't make it down to the vinyl shop in the basement (just read about it in their Yelp page), but as a holder of old wax, I wish I had. Next time. 

Still, the cafe is part of the gentrification of this part of Philly and is in the perfect location to take advantage of it. It is a bit dusty around the edges, but with La Colombe coffee holding court and a good kitchen, it offers a mellow sitdown and strong java flow, with comfort food designed for the pioneering spirit of the surrounding neighborhood. Easy to spend hours there sipping joe and doing light sledding on your screen. 

Loved the caffeine and found the well stuffed "Flying Breakfast Burrito Brother" a large tasty bite and chew. It was hot and moist and almost more than I could eat; but I managed to slay that dragon, and spend a few extra minutes watching the street life on Girard Avenue on a cold sunny morn. 

It would be great to have a home on one of the narrow streets of this old revivalist corner of P.delph, but until that day arrives, Milkcrate will just have to be that place I can feel at home.
So pork roll is a Philly thing and I was told I must try it. Had to get the full food experience while I was in town, right? Brunch time came around and my sister and her bf suggested we try this spot. It's a casual, order at the counter place with mostly 2-4 tops. It's also a record store so there are records lining the walls, record players on display and more in the basement. 

We were focused on food. Aaron got the Elvis sandwich which is croissant with Nutella and bananas - the best sweet breakfast! You can't go wrong with that. I ordered the fried chicken sandwich. The chicken wasn't necessarily breaded, but was super tender and had a bite of crispy texture and well seasoned. The coleslaw really sealed the deal - not too vinegary, creamy, and crisp. Plus, it's on a brioche roll so a butter addition to the mix. All around amazing, I basically ate the whole thing minus a few bites my sister had. Then, we all split the egg and pork roll sandwich. It comes with a spicy ketchup kinda similar to sriracha and pairs well with the egg and meat on an English muffin. The pork roll is pretty similar to Canadian bacon, but a little fattier and saltier like real bacon. A great breakfast sammie. I'd definitely come back if I want a savory filling brunch and in the mood for sandwiches!
Lovers of coffee and vinyl rejoice! because Milkcrate has the making to be extraordinary on both fronts. It's upstairs is a fine coffee house which serves La Colombe and delectable pastries. but it also has a drop dead amazing selection of vinyl on the walls, and a mix of Waxpoetic Magazine and other such gems available to read. I think I'm swooning!

 The owner of the cafe used to be an owner of a well known record store on on second street (a damn huge street to the point that I'm not sure where yet and am looking forward to revealing on the update that will surely happen). And he fully intends to make his basement into a vinyl shop, which should be open next week! But in the mean time you can gaze at and purchase the stand out assortment of records that are on the on display on the wall. They also plan to start having concerts, and the first one is happening on the 16th.

as far as the coffeehouse goes it offers self serve La Colombe, and some people might be happy to know that soy milk is free and located in it's big refrigerator. There's a fine assortment of danish (loved the cheese!), muffins, and bagels. And pretty soon they should be bringing in sandwiches. I also have to give it up the owner for being cool and accommodating. his mannerisms and catch phrases also had me comparing him to a cool radio DJ (think Wolfman Jack or Pierre Robert.). 

Overall Milkcrate is a cool coffeehouse in an area that really needed one (http://www.yelp.com/biz/rocket-cat-cafe-philadelphia#hrid:Q-IUXIqsYBU0U4vdigpZvg/src:self). and as soon as things like the vinyl shop run in full effect, it's destined to get a whole lot cooler!
Ahhh, close to a perfect. Fishtown needed a coffeeshop like this - there's always good music and conversation happening here. The wise proprietor has combined two of my favorite things - records and caffeine! Loving the fact that I don't have to go down to Rittenhouse square for La Colombe coffee. Loving the fact that there are other people still buying records. Loving the fact that I don't have to apologize for not having a 6 inch neck beard - or the fact that I don't work as a bike messenger - to hang here. Now, if you want to be nitpicky, the stark white walls and bright light make the room feel a little overwhelming, I do wish that it was a tiny bit darker in there.... but I'll keep going. I hear more food will be coming in the near future, looking forward to that too!
If Yelpidelphia weren't full of confused morons, Milk Crate would have a full five stars for sure.  (Or maybe seven, who knows?)

What are the complaints against Milk Crate?  "The clientele are all hipsters."  So what?  Eat your delicious sandwich, you cretin.  It's delicious and it's getting cold.  And, in case you hadn't noticed, it's at least $2.50 cheaper than any similar item at any comparable establishment in the area.

More complaints:  "Oh, there are all these ridiculous, overpriced records on the wall."  Oh, is someone forcing you to buy a record?  Knife at your throat, gun at your ball-sac?  No?  Okay, then I'm going to need you to hurry and shut the fuck up about the records.  Did you ever stop to think that those premium record sales might be part of the reason the scrumptious sandwiches and divine coffee are affordable?

These people who complain about Milk Crate...someone should find out where they live and drop a bomb on their neighborhood.
The. Best. Bagel. Sandwich. Ever. Period. 

The cheese was perfectly melted, the bagel perfectly toasted and the eggs perfectly cooked. Perfectly perfect. 

So here's how we met. My boyfriend and I didn't know about Milkcrate's existence. Originally we came to the Girard area to have Brunch at Girard on Girard but we were a day early. (Brunch is served there on Saturdays and Sundays only) So we shopped at Street Glitter and then searched for a breakfast spot nearby. In comes the Milkcrate Cafe.

Little did I know that -breakfast- life as I knew it would change forever.


Later that night, my boyfriend and I shared a very romantic evening out and he proposed to me! 

...this day started and ended perfectly. #SoinLove
After eating way too much for lunch at Sketch Burger, my daughter and I needed some caffeine in a hurry. Milkcrate Cafe fit the bill as it is just across Girard Avenue.

Milkcrate Cafe is cool little place, with decent seating for enjoying coffee and the food that is made there. We couldn't even look at the food after over doing is so much at Sketch. However the menu and the dishes we saw looked really good and unique. We ordered two ice coffees and Milkcrate brews and serves La Colombe coffee. The iced coffee was very good and generated enough of a recharge to continue on with my Saturday.

The staff at Milkcrate was very friendly. They have a used record store down stairs also if into that sort of thing. I sadly sold my vinyl collection for a song a long time ago before it came back into the vanguard. I would come back to Milkcrate when in the area.

3.5 Yelp stars, almost 4.
This place automatically got 4 stars for painting a gigantic orange record with a cow (whose lone spot initially formed the shape of Pennsylvania, but now is, perhaps, Philadelphia?  I'm not sure) listening to a gramophone on the side of a building.  The mural makes me incredibly happy, and, since I live right off of Girard, I get to see it every day.  However, they serve La Colombe, which makes everyone happy except me.  I don't know what my damage is, but I don't like it.  There are very few places that make their espresso to my liking, and no matter where I get it, the coffee is burnt.  Anyway, the mocha that I got here was really strong.  I couldn't taste the chocolate in it at all.  Still, I can tell when a man knows how to make espresso, and this guy did.  So give it a try.  Unless you're me or someone else who doesn't much care for Philly's favorite purveyor of coffee, you'll like it.
I'm expanding on my review from 2013 since back then I thought 2 sentence reviews were okay....

I love the breakfast sandwiches at Milkcrate. I often customize them to sub egg whites (not that its much healthier with all the delicious cheese). Adam (the owner) is super cool and down to earth... he custom ordered a piece of furniture for me to place my record player on and I love it. The iced coffee is delicious in the summer. Lately there has been a great variety of kitchen specials as well, so if you're like me and sometimes tired of the standard breakfast sandwiches, check out the specials board. If you take my advice and try Mikcrate's breakfast selection, I'm somewhat embarrassed that you'll see me there in line on the weekend mornings looking a hot mess from the night before.
I just moved to Fishtown about 4 months ago, and I'm really happy that Milkcrate Cafe is only a couple of blocks away! I woke up from too much sleep (I know, a pity!) and had that stupid feeling, so I swung over there for an iced latte on a perfect day. The owner was chipper as ever, calling me "sista" and serving me with a smile. And the latte was great! I can say the same for their breakfast sandwich: English muffin, egg, cheese, bacon. Mmmm!

I've been in several times, and they do sell plenty of records, as the one I wanted to buy for my boyfriend was gone soon after he spied it. I bought "Guitar from Ipanema" as an impulse purchase one time. They have a very varied selection of old and new. 

Overall, the place is cute, sparely decorated (not cluttery), welcoming, and fun. It's not stuffy coffee. I've seen kids there, too. A couple of couches and a bunch of tables. Great outside design!
I'm usually a big fan of this place. Today I went in for an egg sandwich and waited a lot longer than usual. When I eventually got my sandwich, the English muffin was completely burnt. The woman working there this morning was not especially pleasant either. I was really pissed when I saw the sandwich!
The breakfast burrito here is soooo worth it. The coffee is great and the atmosphere is super cute. I would definite recommend going. We even tried their bagels and they were wonderful!
My friend frequents Milkcrate at least twice a week. When we decided to meet at this Fishtown spot for a Sunday morning of coffee, carbs, and philosophical conversation, I could immediately see why this was her Central Perk, if you will. (They even have an orange couch!) 

This is a vinyl record store/ café/ coffee shop with cozy tables, lined walls of unique records, and the coolest jams playing at just the right volume. There's lots of seating - it's much bigger than it appears from the street. There's a cool mix of Fishtown's finest hipsters and long-time locals, making for peak people watching. I was craving a day of journaling, doodling, and of COURSE caffeine. I was not disappointed. 

I ordered the Bagella (everything bagel, plain cream cheese, tomato, cucumber, and avocado) and a small latte and the total was $9. Not horribly priced, about what you'd expect for hipster coffee shop. The baristas were all SO friendly, I honestly felt like we were all best friends despite just meeting. I was even given an extra shot of espresso in my latte at no charge (I consented) - which resulted in me going on 10 mile jaunt through the city later that afternoon. Win, win. 

This is the perfect place to sit back and relax with your laptop, text book, crossword, or sketch book. I could have easily sat here all day. I'll definitely be back!
I wouldn't go so far as to have fits of frenzy over this place but it definitely has its merits.

They took great pains on the exterior paint job. It came out pretty cool. Step inside Milkcrate Cafe and it's a total no-frills kinda vibe which seems to equate to being 'hip' & 'unpretentious' to some. That's cool because there's no need to concern yourself with the furniture or decor here - just the records and the menu. 

Maybe I'll snag a rare vinyl treasure here someday, but until then it's a basic three star joint. The Bagella Fitzgerald is decent and a decent four dollar sandwich is hard to find. There's something to be said for having a nice, cheap & satisfying breakfast surrounded by all those classic LPs. 

The chick behind the counter is hot too. 

Well played MC, well played. What's with your website though? A blog? Your menu and catalog of albums for sale might serve the consuming public better. 

Then again, that may be seen by some as unhip & pretentious. ;)
Being in the service industry for 13 years and being out of work right now, I would give anything to have a small order come in FORTY FIVE minutes before I closed. Apparently not everyone feels that way. I thought I was being polite by even asking if we were cutting it too close, and the woman on the phone was rude enough to continue the conversation about me right in front of my face -- even after I gave them a 10 dollar tip on a 26.00 purchase (because even though I'm struggling financially, I try and take care of people in the industry as well -- especially if it's clear how much I'm inconveniencing their lives). I am not sure how I'm supposed to react when effective communication is lacking, but perhaps that should be worked on instead of passive-aggressive rudeness with attempts to embarrass a patron and make them feel uncomfortable. 
The food and the coffee are great, but you're doing the industry a disservice by not delegating these jobs for the people who are struggling and would otherwise love to be there.
You place your order on the side or you can order ahead. 
They provide doggie treats for your friend. 
Staff was very friendly
Prices were reasonable. Everything was worth every  penny. 
Ordered a hot coffee, and it was very good.
The breakfast at this place is decent. I usually just get a bagel and cream cheese, but there is a very limited selection to choose from (especially when it comes to cream cheese). Prices are cheap, service is fast, but the staff is anything but friendly. If I am to go back, it will be on mornings when I'm in a hurry.
The best coffee shop in the area.  No need for me to be overly verbose on this one.  The best coffee, the best baked goods and super solid breakfast sandwiches, all at the most affordable prices you will find in the neighborhood.  

And a really solid vinyl selection to boot.

Most of all though, great people.  Adam is the most sincerely friendly small business owner you will ever come across.  The kind of place you just feel good about supporting.
My favorite breakfast place in Philly is also one of its most unique. I'll admit I haven't really done anything except breakfast here, but hear it from me first: for an inexpensive, delicious breakfast sandwich, nobody does it better. My favorite is the Notorious E.G.G., their core bagel egg and cheese sandwich. Add bacon or chorizo, plus avocado and a choice of three hot sauces (Tabasco, Cholua, or Sriracha), and you have the perfect breakfast for a paltry 5 bucks. They serve La Columbe coffee, which is pretty much the creme de la creme of coffee, and I've never got a cup that tasted too burnt or watery. Bring along your laptop and take advantage of the fast Wi-Fi.

It never seems to be too crowded here, and the music is always great. Usually there's jazz or light instrumental hip-hop on, which is pleasant. The staff is really nice and helpful, and OH, it's a record store too. Pick up some premium vinyl from the cafe area or basement, or check outside for cheap used vinyl. I found "Rappin' Rodney" Dangerfield for less than a buck, maybe you'll make some good finds too.
Bright orange paint is what initially drew me into Milkcrate. The records (for sale) on the walls declare this as a typical hipster Fishtown joint. The shop is quite small (maybe seating for twenty people, max).

I visited on a rainy Christmas Eve and had the veggie bagel, which came with a mountain of cream cheese (just the way I like it), plus tomatoes, cucumbers, and onions in sandwich form. Yum.

Additionally, La Colombe coffee is served here, but the place is far more quiet than the La Colombe flagship down the street. Come here for that laidback coffee atmosphere where you'll actually have enough room to sit and talk to the regulars (plus there's free WiFi).
Milk Crate has not been open long at all but I have been more than a handful of times already and hung out there for long periods of time.  Its not exactly close to my house I'd say close to  2 miles away, but given the chance to escape rocket cat's douchey clientele is totally worth it.  I have never felt comfortable hanging out in rocket cat, but I feel totally fine hanging around milk crate.  They play good music, the owner is super friendly and nice and there is free wi-fi (ok i don't use the wifi, but maybe someday).  The only downside for me is that it doesn't feel 'broken in' yet.  It kind of has a sterile feeling that I haven't quite put my finger on...is it the furniture, the white walls?  I think its a combination of the two.  

All in all Milk Crate is a-ok and has won me over enough to deserve a visit from me on a weekly, or bi weekly basis.  Their coffee is decent and I hear they will soon be serving food products as well.  There is also a record store in the basement, I'm not so much into collecting vinyl anymore, but maybe you are so stop by for a look and happy friendly service.
I'm not a coffee snob so I can get drink just about anything. I like Milkcrate Cafe because the coffee is good, Adam is super nice, and the vinyl is awesome!

For me coffee is coffee. Either it's good, or it's mud butt. Milkcrate's is definitely not the latter, but I couldn't write some romantic description on the subtle notes and intricacies of the blend. It tastes good to me and it does the job.

Adam is a super nice guy. Very outgoing and genuinely appreciates the business he gets. He's upbeat, energetic and polite, can't really ask for more from a business owner.

I've been to Milkcrate twice and both times I've walked out with a record. It didn't look like downstairs was open yet, but there is a section in the back with some records to flip through. There is also a great, diverse and ever changing selection that decorates the walls.

Everyone has been waiting for some good coffee to come back to Fishtown, add vinyl into the mix...what could be more hip? Go check it out!
This coffee shop is right on my corner!  I went in today for the first time and asked for 5 cups of coffee.  I got 5 empty cups and lids, I filled them myself and away I went.  $2 per cup, plus tip, for La Colombe coffee and I didn't have to sit and wait at all (I am not the most patient person ever).  The place was pretty empty and there were not many food options (bagels and two kinds of muffins) but they are new and I hear that is changing.  Great cup of coffee, great price, great service.
Moved to the neighborhood a few months ago and have passed the place numerous times but haven't tried it yet. Today's slight hangover made it the perfect morning to try a breakfast sandwich to go! I ordered The Notorious E.G.G with bacon and tomato on a whole wheat bagel, picked it up with an iced coffee on the side (La Colombe-YES!)  sandwich is as good as any breakfast sandwich I have ever had-great egg to cheese to meat ratio-and coffee is oh so good. The inside is adorable, great selection of vegan offerings. Will definitely be coming back!
This place just keeps getting better & better. Seriously, I really just don't think they ever have anything bad to ever say about them.

The records that line the wall are always amazing...seriously...where did they find so many great albums all at once and how are they selling them for such reasonable prices? They have recently opened up their entire basement to sell records, as well. A dream come true!

They now have a more extensive menu than when I first went here a year ago. Delicious egg sandwiches and the like. And something that involves Elvis in the name that has nutella on it. Noms!

My boyfriend and I like to come here on a sunday morning to read the paper and sip our coffee and the employees are always so super nice. 

i hold this coffee shop in the little coffee shop part of my heart.
When Canvas went away I was beyond sad, left with little choice than to make my own coffee and deal with it, since giving up on Rocket Cat's douchetastic ways.  Then one day I saw a beautiful sight- a giant orange wall with a cow and a giant record on it.  

I kind of want to take you on a date Milkcrate.  You're so cool and swanky, yet you don't ooze an ounce of hipster pretentiousness.  One might assume records and coffee together would manifest into a ravenous tornado of hipsterdom but this place transcends all that bullshit and just provides really delicious coffee, food, and atmosphere.  

Your mix of modern furniture with comfy coffee shop furniture is perfect, as are your record lined walls. You are just lovely, really lovely. 

I got a record player for my birthday and predict I'll soon be enjoying your records too.  The people are nice, (take a note Rocket Cat) and the service is wonderfully consistent and full of smiles.  The prices and quality of the their tasty products also leave my face flush with the color of impressed.  My  current crush is their  Red Eye- a shot of espresso in your small or large coffee for $0.50.  Heaven!
I like so much about the Milkcrate cafe'.  The LaCalombe coffee is always brewed to perfection and the staff is friendly.  In the last year(+ some) I've enjoyed this atmosphere and would rather go here then any other cafe in Fishtown.  It's hard to not buy at least one record that they have displayed upstairs or in the basement.  Their selection is fabulous- covering all genres.
I just moved to the neighborhood, brand new to Philly from Chicago. I was super excited to check out Milkcrate Cafe, was gonna get a coffee and browse the collection in the basement. On the way downstairs the girl asked me to leave my bag at the counter. I informed her that this bag was my purse  which contains my wallet, keys, phone, etc. She told me I'd still have to leave it with her. So, I left and I won't be going back. Which is really a shame, because I planned on getting my coffee here on the way to the train every day. But I am not going to give my money to a business that treats me like some kind of criminal. I would understand if this was a backpack, but only a moron would leave their purse unattended and in the hands of a stranger. Thanks but no thanks. Way to welcome people to the neighborhood.
Milk Crate is this little hipster cafe that also sells vinyl and other throw back goodies.  YAY!  They're tucked away in a little corner shop near Fishtown in N Philly, and you'll easily drive by if you're not looking carefully.  

The girl behind the counter was super friendly.  We ordered the breakfast burrito brother, which was filled with fresh ingredients and yumminess.  I just love the names of their food items they sell, and they're super tasty for the price.  I think the burrito was like $5 or $6.... you can't beat it.

Please come here and support local places like this instead of McDonalds or Starbucks!
REJOICE! you have just found your new favorite fishtown coffee spot. ( sorry rocket cat, i love you...but this place is closer. and it has records).

a guy and a girl were working. the girl was all smiles and very polite. the guy seemed like the owner. he called everyone "brotha" and "sistah." i felt really comfortable like i belonged there automatically. he made conversation with me over my Plastic Ono Band shirt. 

there was a nice selection of records, mostly soul and r&b. but there's also a bunch of records on the wall and i somehow miraculously scored Piper At The Gates of Dawn 2nd pressing here for $30. sweet jesus!

the coffee was delicious and average priced. the windows let in lots of sun. it seemed like the guy knew a lot of the people who were coming in, like he cared about getting to know his customers. i like this. this spot rules!
Milkcrate is a great coffee shop to grab a quick coffee or to sit for a while and enjoy some food. They brew La Colombe coffee and the baristas are always pleasant. If you think you'll be coming here often then it's worth grabbing a frequent customer punch card and you'll get your 10th coffee free. 

Their food menu, with creative names inspired by music, is nothing to write home about but overall it's pretty good. Highlights for me are the Bagella Fitzgerald and the chicken burrito. 

They often have sales on record bins sitting outside where you can pick up an album for a dollar. 

They have free wi-fi so you can sit for a while and do work (although the plastic seats aren't too comfortable). 

Note that during the morning rush and on weekend mornings it can be a little crowded but the line always goes quickly.
The breakfast burrito seemed like a great idea.  The portion was appropriate (smaller than most burritos you'll get elsewhere) and the chorizo I added was not greasy at all - which was a nice surprise - but the burrito itself seemed to be made quickly, as all the ingredients were not appropriately layered so all the avocado and sausage was at one end, while the egg and veggies were at the other.  No excuse for that.

The inside is a bit boring, but I guess if you're in need of a quick breakfast this place would do the job.

Dirty bathroom.
Place is cool food is so fresh and so cheap you are paying 3rd world rates in the city i love it !!  Lots of things to look at in there especially if you like nusic
Great coffee shop. Great record store. Everyone is super nice and happy and friendly there. I quit coffee but still come for iced tea, breakfast sandwiches and to hang and read and write!

Couldn't recommend Milkcrate enough!

(p.s. the "Chocolate Elvis" is evil and delicious)
Went to this place a little while ago and I loved it. I wanted a simple breakfast sandwich and they gave me so much more than that. 

First, let's talk decor. The whole place has an overall theme of vinyl disc. They have different vinyls on the wall throughout the establishment. My favorite was the mini vinyls covering each table. It is definitely a quaint spot if you're ever just interested in chilling and not in a rush. 

I grabbed one of the avocado egg sandwiched! Not only was it delicious, but I was cheap compared to other locations around that area. 

Definitely a place worth checking out.
A quaint little place that functions both as a cafe and a record store. I was able to enjoy a quick breakfast here before starting my day touring Philly.

Ambience: 
Relatively quiet and chill, old school blues / soft rock plays unobstrusively in the background. Throwback decor - vinyl records are hung in neat rows on the walls. Good for solo diners, couples and small parties. 

Food/Service: 
The food is decently priced and quickly prepared, coffee is strong and inexpensive. I got a simple scrambled eggs on wheat bagel, which offers alternative choices for cheese and add-on's. They bring your food to you which is a nice gesture, but you bus away your own dishes. Self-serve station by the cashier. There's also a couch next to the self-serve station on which you can lounge around as you wait for takeouts.
This is some of the best coffee I have had in Philadelphia. Rich and strong, full-bodied cup of joe. And it's organic! Adam, the owner is a sweet guy from NOLA and always ready with a smile. $1.50 for a small 2$ for a large. You will want a large if you know what any of the other coffee around North Philly/Philly proper is like! Also, very cool records all over the store, for sale. Old ones, new ones, you name it!

Update: in the past few months I've been going to milkcrate more often... And have been fairly disappointed with the timeliness and accuracy of my orders. For an egg sandwich it has taken over 20 minutes, even when called in prior to arriving (and several times it hasn't even been my order). Love it here- but the service has been lagging a bit lately.
They are still only open for takeout. It's July. Get over it already! Sometimes I just want to walk in and grab a cup of coffee. Even Starbucks has reopened.
Good food! Burrito was not very filling, but the bagels are a good deal!
Good coffee, wonderful (friendly as heck) service, but a bare bones coffee joint.  If I lived in the hood I'd stop in for my morning joe but take it to go.  If you're looking for a place that is more concerned with the basics and saving you money in the process, check it out.
I like their coffee a lot, and they have some good reissues of classics in stock (My Bloody Valentine, B&S, etc.) .... I don't like the TV, and to be honest I feel awkward reading a book or doing work here...

the atmosphere is ehh
Awesome concept, everyone who works there is really nice.  I keep meaning to go there to do some major record shopping.  Decent food, amazing coffee.  I see they have a lunch menu that will be in effect soon, can't wait!

2014 UPDATE:  Just FYI - they have the BEST iced coffee I've ever had.  So smooth.. need one right now!
Come on, SON! This place is all that and a bag of Chumpees. Namean?
From the orange and eggshell color scheme to the the incredible Jamaican grapefruit soder (Ting..as in "dis ya' ting mon) The Crate (as we insiders call it) is straight from coolsville by way of Byberry. Fela box sets, Numero group, Wax Poetics, 4 Men with Beards reissh action, what's not to lurv? Besides you get to shoot the breeze with all the cool heads that work and hang at this now essential coffee and vinyl repository. Peeps from Crooklyn are like "dag, this place is ill"...plus cute girls are always wandering around looking all adorable and what not. Do not pass Gogol Bordello, do not collect TARP monies, go directly to this urban oasis and make your mark in Western history.
As a Seattle girl, I'm damn picky about my beans.  So far, I've been very pleased with my experiences at Milk Crate.  I love the atmosphere, the records for sale, and the delicious soy lattes. Yum! Two thumbs up for this little Fishtown treasure.
We were visiting from Chicago and came across this place on yelp when looking for a place to have a quick brunch. Had to check it out based on the look & vibe- glad we did! The menu was great for quick, not too heavy brunch/sandwiches options. We got a tuna melt & the smoked salmon w/cucumbers & cream cheese on a bagel and both were delicious. Good place to come for a coffee, also.
This is place is awesome!  My favorite coffee shop in the Girard Ave/No Libs area.  It seems like every breakfast sandwich in the area is made by microwaving the eggs - which is gross - not here!!  Milk Crate uses an actual pan and stove to cook their awesome egg n cheeses, which are very reasonably priced and taste great!  And they will lovingly apply your choice of condiment in a thin spread on BOTH HALVES of your bun of choice.  Amazing.  Staff is super nice and very peaceful/chill atmostphere in general... they have a GIGANTIC iced coffee for only 3 bucks... One Shot kiss my ASS!
Great iced coffee, super friendly staff.. And they own my fav sandwich - the Bagella Fitzgerald. :)
Milkcrate is deep Fishtown. It's the kind of place you walk into at 10 am on a Tuesday morning and encounter a dozen seemingly unemployed young people milling about in pilled beanies and delightfully soiled flannel. Why am *I* getting cappuccino at 10 am on a Tuesday morning, you may ask? Erm, let's stick to the topic at hand.

I mostly love this place. 8 times out of 10, my large cappuccino is awesome ($4). Those other two times, I'm not sure what happens. Too many grounds in the portafilter? Too much ennui behind the counter? We may never know. But there are occasions when I leave disappointed.

Second that for the pastries. I would say it's a 50/50 shot to get a fresh chocolate croissant here (which they deliver from somewhere else). They are often stale and hard as rocks. No fun.

There are a few employees here that are super friendly and inject a nice dose of "pleasant" into my morning. There are also other employees here that don't do that.

This place has a cool loyalty system; you get a card, you keep it right there on the counter in a Rolodex. Every time you buy a coffee beverage you get a hole-punch, and after 10 punches your next drink is free. Even large cappuccinos! In the summer I get their iced coffee and it's awesome. They serve La Colombe coffee here, which is rich and expensive-tasting. 

Oh yeah, they sell records too. Not sure what that's all about.
good daily stop. get a coffee and sandwich and hang out for a while. listen to some music.
This place rocks! I'm constantly on the search for the best breakfast sandwich in Philly, and this is definitely in my top ten. They're a unique little coffee shop/record store, have great prices, and have La Columbe coffee, too. I love this place, and am so happy it's in my neighborhood!
Love this place- delicious sandwich offerings, always sweet and friendly staff and great tunes keep me coming back!
Adam is the man. I had to rent some sound equipment from him. He hooked me up big time. And the record selection is top notch. this place (Almost) makes me wish I lived in Fishtown ;)
This is THE breakfast stop of Fishtown: always friendly, always great music, and the price is right! They even got the bagel with cream cheese down to a science (very important- no whimpy knives n CC souffles).  Egg sandwiches are banging, and so's the Bagella Fitzgerald... c'mon that's too damn cute! Now they are offering even more hot food (soups & sammies)... soon to be my lunch stop too.
This place is awesome. It's everything you would want in a Fishtown coffee shop: great prices, a simple yet delicious menu, super friendly service, great coffee (they serve La Colombe), and fun atmosphere.

Plus, the menu names are awesome--Notorious E.G.G.? Run B.L.T? Don't mind if I do.

I had the egg sandwich (Notorious E.G.G.) and then split a Chocolate Elvis (nutella, peanut butter, bananas, croissant). Both were yummm.

They also keep the customer frequent coffee cards (get 10 coffees, get one free) at the counter, sorted by your last name. It's a cute, small place touch.

There are no credit card minimums, which is nice. You sign on their iPad; it's easy.

Can't wait to go back.
Great staff, great records (some awesome rare stuff at reasonable prices) and great coffee = I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS PLACE!
NEVER underestimate the amazingness of an independently owned neighborhood coffee shop complete with friendly staff, free WiFi, comfy seating, a unique and original food and beverage selection, and vintage vinyl album covers adorning the walls!  Right in the heart of Fishtown, Milkcrate Cafe is a great social hub for those who populate the neighborhood and for those, like me, who are eager to scout the territory.      I settled on a mocha latte and the Chocolate Elvis (peanut butter, Nutella, and bananas on a flaky, buttery croissant), and while it was a bit messy, it was worth every bite.  And did I mention they have records for sale?
Solid breakfast spot with basically anything you could imagine and then some. Lots of cool specials, too.

Decent prices, they sell La Columbe coffee which is a plus.

Come early because it definitely gets crowded. For sure a neighborhood staple!
I love this little place! I have had it bookmarked forever and used to live within walking distance from this casual and cozy hangout. I have no clue why it took me forever to stop on in. 

The coffee is tasty. I only had a latte so nothing special, but it tasted pretty great. I will be headed back soon to shuffle through all the vintage and new vinyls in the basement and hanging on the wall as sellable decor. The basement has a great selection. Small but pretty fun and at varying prices points. Plus, there is a DJ so you can take your time, enjoy the music and sip your Americana while you find your next favorite album.
If I lived in the area I could see myself coming here a lot. Found this place while looking for breakfast that was open early (they're open at 7AM). Everywhere else was about 9AM. 

It's a small, neighborhood breakfast/lunch spot with some seats if you choose to eat in. There's no table service, so you order your food and bus your own tables. They serve La Columbe coffee here which was great. Small, simple breakfast and lunch menu which makes deciding easy.  

I got the Rock N' Pork Roll which came with two slices of pork roll, eggs, and cheese. Didn't know it would be two slices, so it got too salty for me. Next time I'll get the Notorious EGG and add a protein. GF got the breakfast quesadilla special and it was a large portion that came with chips. It was stuffed with copious amounts of egg, black beans, and onions. Wish there was some salsa to go with the chips.
This cafe located in Fishtown has a super cute theme filled with vinyls and music. I had a chai tea latte and it was decent. Definitely worth a visit!
This is where Canvas, my favorite coffee shop, used to be.

The pluses:  Building looks awesome, Adam is friendly and a blast to chat with, coffee is great, innovative idea, convenient location, it's got personality.

The downside:  No hot food (yet!).  Adam is going to get breakfast foods going in the next few weeks.  When he does, I will amend my rating to 5 stars.  This could be a great light brunch option.
It's not often that a place forgets to put cheese on my breakfast sandwich and I still give it 4 stars! 

Milkcrate Cafe is a little record store and a lot breakfast spot. The space is sparsely decorated and has a minimal, locally-owned vibe that makes you feel good about being a patron. The staff was genuinely curteous and attentive. I ordered (and rated!) the following:

Americano: Good, strong flavor and level of caffiene Grade: A
Cinnamon roll: HUGE, Fresh, liberal cream cheese icing Grade: A
Egg, english muffin, canadian bacon sandwich: Perfectly seasoned eggs, smallish pieces of candian bacon Grade: B

These items along with a medium coffee and vegetarian breakfast burrito cost me a minimal $17. I don't even live in Philly, but I'll be back.
I live right down the street and wish I liked this more. Take out is almost always wrong and service is laughably slow.
Milkcrate is a hipster-comfy coffee joint where you can listen to up-beat music from surprisingly cheerful bands you've never heard of while sipping on one of the best soy cappuccinos you've indulged in. (This espresso drink, of course, is sweetened with the brown sugar chunks instead of packets of granulated white sugar. No, of course I didn't pop 10 or so lumps into my mouth while I stirred my beverage...that wouldn't be very mature now would it?)

Oh yeah, and you can eat a bagel sandwich loaded with as much food as a delicatessen pastrami, only with healthier ingredients (read avocado, egg and bacon...or vegetarian substitutes.) The baked goods, croissants and an assortment of pastries, cookies and sweets, are tasty too.

Four stars because there aren't enough outlets for all of the hipsters and their multiple mac products. Oh, and my butt kind of hurts after sitting in this chair for an hour too long. I think I have seat imprints on my thighs.
After totally overdoing La Columbe I decided to try Milkcrate to switch it up and I'm so glad I did. What a great little coffee shop! They staff is incredibly friendly and accommodating along with the other customers. I love stopping in here on the weekends during the day and first thing in the morning on my way to work. 

I've also worked from this shop when I've worked from home. It's quite, the wifi works and is fast, and it's a great little work at home environment. 

Another pro is that they have unsweetened almond milk. Something that the local La Columbe has gotten rid of. 

Definitely a very underrated coffee shop.
Amazing food! Stopped by on our way to MD for a quick breakfast grab and totally loved the everything bagel sandwich with cream cheese and veggies. Their marble cake was also delicious and the latte was nice and strong! In all a gem of a place!
It's my go-to grab-n-go spot for coffee and breakfast/lunch sandwiches. My standard order is the Bagella Fitzgerald on an everything bagel with bacon and a large coffee. Like most cafes in the area, they carry La Colombe so you know you'll get a consistently good cup of brew every time. The Bagella is a sandwich with tomato, avocado, cucumber, cream cheese, sea salt and black cracked pepper. It's light and fresh for that morning boost, so naturally, it's a fave. All their sandwiches sound great but this is the only one I've ever needed. 

They also have a killer good iced coffee (read: STRONG), which made Milk Crate the start to my morning, every morning, when I lived within three blocks of the place. The baked goods are pretty good and the staff rocks!! 

I also like the frequent buyer cards. Buy 10 and get a free coffee?! Sweet deal since there were days I'd end up at Milk Crate twice a day!
I have zero patience for their lines on the weekend but understand and am grateful for a coffee shop two blocks from my house.  However excellent iced lattes and decent bagels.
One of the best spots in the neighborhood. I am here almost every weekend morning. Yummy breakfast sandwiches have me stopping by. Customizable to whatever you're in the mood for. My husband always gets the breakfast burrito that seems to disappear in minutes. Wish there was a little more variety / updates to their lunch menu. Seems it hasn't changed in a long time. Vinyl selection is jammed in - seems like a good variety. Enjoy some crate digging with your coffee :)
Milkcrate cafe is a small easily accessible cafe with delicious bagels. Quick service and to the point.
Great coffee, great food. I had the Run B.L.T. and it was delicious. The coffee is never bitter, always great without sugar and cream.

Also, the vinyl selection is incredible and all fairly priced.

Overall, a great place to hangout, drink coffee, and buy records.
Hands down, my favorite coffee shop in Fishtown...I enjoy coming here on Saturday mornings, getting an iced coffee and perusing the records that line the walls of the cafe.  If I'm hungry, I go for the Notorious E.G.G. - a bagel egg and cheese sandwich...with added avocado.   It's really hard to find a good egg sandwich around Philly these days and I must say that Milkcrate's is one of my favorites.  Coffee is decent, not amazing, but gets the job done. 

Coffee shop service is good, food does not take long once you've ordered.  There is a decent amount of seating, although it tends to fill up quickly on Saturdays (can't really speak for other days of the week). 

What makes this place even better is that they have a record shop tucked away in the basement...every time my partner and I visit we always end up browsing the rows of records...The owner (?) of the downstairs record shop (who's name I cannot recall) is always super helpful and friendly.  He's tracked down some good finds for us.  The selection here is probably one of the best I've seen in Philly...if its older stuff you're looking for (although I noticed they do also have a few newer albums).  

Final Verdict:  Recommended - if you live in Fishtown, this is the place to go for coffee and quick sit down breakfast.  If you live elsewhere in Philly, also worth visiting just for the record shop downstairs.
Here's the thing... I have probably been here at least 100 times since they opened so I'm definitely a fan.  It's hard to beat a hipster/vinyl/coffee shop less than a block from your house especially when you are a twenty-something vinyl loving coffee drinker.  But god damn it's just impossible to give them more than 3 stars.  Their food is mediocre and uninspired (save for the creative names) and I have not seen a new menu item since they opened.  Their coffee is middle of the pack.  I get better coffee out of my Keurig... Milkcrate is a distant runner up to lola bean or one shot. But you can't beat a large iced for 3.50 that is actually a large.  Its a good spot to come by and pick up your go-juice on the cheap, especially if you have a spare $20 burning a hole in your pocket and a hankering for some new vinyl (I have been sucked in by off-the-wall impulse buys more than once).  But don't make it a pilgrimage from some far flung neighborhood... you will be disappointed.  This is fishtown coffee for fishtowners.  All others need not apply.
With one more meal left to spend in Philly, my wife and I decided to hit up Milkcrate Cafe. We couldn't resist the positive Yelp vibes and vinyl record motif. 

The food and cold-brew coffee delivered. The ambiance was a bit uneasy...as though the patrons aren't sure if they are in a library-esque coffee house or a diner. 

That being said, if I found myself in Philly again, I'd probably return to Milkcrate.
Quirky vibe and nice selection of breakfast and brunch sandwiches. On a Sunday morning it was very bustling. 

We ordered the tuna salad sandwich and burrito and were satisfied but not particularly impressed. The burrito was pretty dry and needed some zing. 

The food wasn't astounding and our service was slow, but I want to give them the benefit of the doubt that it was an off-day. There seem to be plenty of regulars who would agree.
Great breakfast sandwiches and iced coffee. Cool vibe. Definitely a winner
Always a fantastic food and coffee spot.  I live super close to this gem in Fishtown so it's quite often that I wake up and immediately think of a quick bite to eat at Milkcrate.

My main go to items are the "Bagella Fitzgerald" which consists of a bagel layered with cream cheese, tomato, cucumber and avocado...also the "Grillmatic" which is a customizable grilled cheese that comes with either chips or a side salad.

They serve La Colombe coffee at prices that coffee should be sold at.

You can eat in or call ahead for fast carry out service.
I love this place. 

I came here everyday to work when I first moved to Philly.

Nice relaxed and chill atmosphere with a decent amount of seating. The drinks selection is standard for a coffee shop and the food is well priced and well prepared. 

I love the Vinyl collection upstairs on display and small store they have in the basement. If you're in the Fishtown area and looking for a place to work, check out Milkcrate Cafe.
Best breakfast burrito of all time. Killer ice coffee. Cool space. Fine tunes. Reasonable prices. That sums it up
Great coffee and good selection of vinyl. They have the best sign for any shop in Philly. I can see the orange mural when coming back home on a plane from the sky during final approach to boot!
Cute place on the corner in the heart of Fishtown. Friendly staff + typical coffee offerings. They also serve food but I just came to grab a drink. I love the records adorning the walls + pretty glass windows in the front. Good to people watch or just relax. All around a very chill experience!
The notorious EGG is awesome. 

It's a cute little place that looks like its a coffee shop only, but they have a little kitchen at the back. I'm really not one for bagels, but I decided to get the notorious EGG (bagel & egg sandwich), and it was amazing. I think their source bagel is good too, because it didn't taste like i was chewing on cardboard. The egg was cooked to perfection, not too dry not too moist. 

Coffee was not bad.
Portlandia meets Philadelphia. You'll always find 20- and 30-somethings hanging out here talking about their new band or business idea. I like the records on the wall (and apparently there is a record store downstairs - I've never been down there).

La Colombe is my big selling point for coming here. It's the best pick-me-up while you're trying to fend off the Sunday Scaries (or a hangover). I'm a bit of a picky eater, so I usually just get the breakfast sandwich or a bagel. Not a huge fan of the bagels; they're pretty dry and thin, and not a big selection of cream cheese. That being said, my boyfriend loves it here and will defend the Notorious E.G.G to its death. If you can finish the Chocolate Elvis, I commend you - super rich, but awesome. Worth dropping by on a Sunday morning!
This place is great so far and has a lot of potential!  I, like most people it seems from the owner's reaction, have been waiting for this to open for a long time.  Great place to chill.  Good music playing.  Tons of records for sale.  Good music books to browse.  

Apparently they are adding sandwiches and stuff in the future.  Right now it's coffee, espresso, bagels and pastries.  Additionally the record shop will be opening in the basement soon. 

The owner, Adam, is super nice.
I would order breakfast from here E.D.D.(every dayum day). Notorious E.G.G. with provolone cheese on an everything bagel hits the spot. The only setback was the falsely advertised green tea. It tastes more herbal than just plain green tea. Check out the record shop downstair. This place is a Fishtown gem!
I live in the neighborhood and I go to Milkcrate as often as possible. Awesome coffee , always good music. I especially like that this place is a record store and cafe ... Genius !  I heard a really good record one day while eating here and I immediately went home and downloaded the album. Needless to say I wanted it for sampling purposes as I am a producer so this place actually helped me out a bit in some artistic sense. Lol. Anyway whatever this place is the shiznit. Do yourself a favor and stop in here whenever u can. U won't regret it.
My daughter and just had a flying breakfast burrito and a chocolate Elvis.  My daughter is in heaven.  Nutella, Peanut butter, and bacon on a toasted croissant.
The food here is cheap and pretty good but the service is terrible the manager is extremely rude! I couldn't even believe it! I would of come back if it wasn't for her. Would not recommend coming here. Cheer up bitch it's just bagel sandwiches.
I adore this place.  Milkcrate Café checks all the boxes in terms of atmosphere, quality of food, service and pricing. It's a relatively small corner bagel shop but with adequate seating. I got the pork roll and cheese sandwich and it was exactly what I was looking for in a breakfast sandwich. The food came out quickly and the staff was very nice. 

My favorite part about Milkcrate is the unique flare it has by doubling as a record store downstairs where you can buy and sell records. When I visited, they even had a record player sitting out on one of the tables playing music for the patrons. The menu features cleverly named sandwiches such as the Notorious E.G.G., Rock N' Pork Roll Sandwich, and Smoke on the Water.  They also have a great assortment of coffee and lattes by La Colombe. This is definitely a hub for 20 - 30 somethings who enjoy music, art, and free Wi-Fi. I will definitely be coming back as it is pretty much the only good bagel place in walking distance to my house.
This place is my heaven. Records, bagels, coffee, and a live DJ. Highly recommend if you're stopping by fishtown!
Admittedly, I've passed by this place almost every day for about 2 years now and I had yet to come in. So I figured with it being the New Year to give it a shot.

The ambiance is pretty neat; there's an array of vinyl and electronics for sale in the cafe area, with a whole basement full of more vinyl. It's a little tight in the inside, but there is plenty of seating to accommodate a small crowd. 

Servers and baristas are extremely friendly and efficient. For breakfast, I went with the Notorious Egg with bacon on an everything bagel and a cappuccino. I waited maybe 5 minutes tops with a full house to receive my sandwich and coffee. I will say this is one of the best breakfast sandwiches I've had in a long time; the eggs had just the right amount of fluff, the cheese was perfectly melted, and the bagel was so fresh it didn't even need to be toasted. Even if collecting records isn't your thing, at the very least come here for a breakfast sandwich; you will not be disappointed!
It's a lil hole in the wall spot with good food(my kind of place).  The bf and I ordered the breakfast sandwiches and two iced coffees, no complaints here.  Theres not alot of options on the board so don't expect something out of theordinary.  The girl at the register was patient and nice, the patient part always a plus because the bf always takes a long time ordering lol that's just the way he is.  Get in get your breakfast sit down and eat.
I usually treat myself at least once a week for a breakfast sandwich and ice coffee. Cute little shop with great food. They have a short menu, but what they do have they do it well. I usually call my order in and its ready when I get there. You can eat in as well and enjoy the diverse music selection, or enjoy looking at the great vinyl records that have on display. Highly recommend. Great quality food thats not over priced. The only problem is parking, so if you are walking distance, enjoy some air and take the walk.
Milkcrate is a new hot spot in my opinion right on Girard! Great record selection and a banging shot of esspresso! Sounds like there is more good stuff to come more food and live music! I can't wait!
Weird. A coffee shop in Fishtown where they're extremely happy to see me. Even though they don't know me. And I'm not wearing a plaid shirt or ironic facial hair. What's the catch?

Good coffee? Check. Solid wi fi? Check. Plug for your laptop? Check. Great music? Check.  

On the negative side, I don't love the florescent light panels, but it's so sunny in here that you barely notice it.
I get called a hipster and THIS place feels super pretentious. A dollar up charge for hummus instead of cream cheese? C'mon now. Limited bagel selection (and underwhelming in texture too), limited sandwich list and watered down coffee. 

Apparently they used to sell vinyl, now they just have $20-$30 collectors pieces mounted to the wall (which are available for purchase, clever clever).

We walked in here at 1pm on Saturday. Empty. That alone is a red flag for me (but I walked optimistically in because yelp told me so). 

I'd go to a Starbucks over here again. That says a lot for my local lovin' self.

EDIT: Apparently there is a whole record store downstairs...? Totally will fact check my next Philly trip.
What an adorable neighborhood spot! Definitely a spot I will go back to again and again! They have a wonderful selection of coffees, sandwiches, breakfast items and even records! The whole place is a converted record store turned into cafe and record store. They have a small seating area that can accommodate small groups if they want to sit and enjoy some food or take it to go. There is some outdoor seating if the weather is nice. 
Food was very good and was ready very fast.
Milkcrate... more like MilkGREAT! (You can hate me for that, I hate myself)

This place was recommended from a friend... did not disappoint.

Vibe is relaxed, chill and work friendly. Records on the wall, wooden seats and Beatles-ish music playing in the background. 

Ordered: Flying lunch burrito but made it vegan by removing cheese & sour cream. Added tempeh, spinach and avocado because I was feeling myself. 

Super tasty!
Cute little spot, great place to stop and do work or grab a coffee with a few people. Free Wi-Fi! They have table seating, bar seating facing outside, and even a comfortable orange couch. Nice ambience with all the album art. Iced coffee was good!
The coffee was really good and frankly that's what counts. They'd have gotten 5 stars if they were open for indoor seating (damn Covid!), or if they had sugar free hazelnut syrup (damn supply chain issues?), or if the mechanism for paying was actually closer to my height and I didn't have to stand on tiptoes. But, honestly, as I read what I just wrote I recognize how silly all that sounds. Go for the good coffee and friendly service. You won't be disappointed.... A day after writing this review I went back to look at my receipt: $5 latte, additional $1 for oat milk, additional $.75 for syrup... I can understand a little upcharge for specialty milk, not so much for syrup but an added $1.75 on top of the $5 latte is a bit much.
