Create your own Mac & Cheese?! Cool!

I really liked this idea of Misconduct Tavern's... They offer their Homemade Mac & Cheese with about 15 different ingredients you can choose from to incorporate into your Mac & Cheese. I went with tomatoes, onions, roasted garlic, portobello mushrooms, and chicken. My lunch mate just went with the sausage.

Wow, was I sure in for a treat! My dish was absolutely overflowing with yummy goodness. Chunks of mushroom and tender chicken... Nice crispy mozzarella cheese, baked on top... And a homey, light fondue sauce covering a lot elbow pasta. Definitely a very hearty meal.

My only complaint is that with the more ingredients you choose, the more inconsistent the cheesy-ness was. My lunch mate's Mac & Cheese, with just the sausage, was a lot cheesier. Mine was somewhat runny, leaving something more to be desired. I think that inconsistency is due to the larger plate of Mac & Cheese you get with the more items you want in it.

But would I come back and try their Mac again? Definitely... I might just go with 2 or 3 ingredients, instead of 5, or just try it plain! Oh and their chicken tenders have a very tasty kick to them too (the dipping sauce was awesome).

Overall our service was ok and the place was clean. A nice place to grab a bite during the blizzard!
Last night was frigid and the streets were abandoned. It seemed everyone was wrapped in their snuggies at the precise moment when I was wandering the streets, looking for a warm bar to enjoy a neat bourbon. 

When my mate suggested Misconduct, I gave him a double-take. You mean the bar I've never really thought about patronizing? Since he's a man of fantastic taste, I obliged his suggestion and on we trudged. 

I ordered my Maker's, he went with Knob and after the kind bartender informed us of half price burgers, we got one of those too. I'm a total snob when it comes to burgers (there's a bun to meat ratio that needs to be adhered to) and theirs was fantastic. So good that I'd say it's one of the top 5 simple sandwiches I've had in the city. 

Next time I'm hanging out with a bar snob of a friend, I'll suggest this place, it's unexpectedly awesome.
While this one experience may not be entirely indicative of how all of Misconduct's staff usually treats its customers, I had to finally write my first review to share how horribly my friends and I were treated last night, Wed 11/6, by the bartender.

Six of us were seated at the bar during happy hour. The bartender had been keeping some of us on the same tab, but most of my party had already cashed out by the end of hh. When it came time to close out and I asked for the bill, it had mine and 1 other person's drinks on it. We asked the bartender 2 questions about the happy hour pricing and what drink was what. Instead of just getting what we asked for, some answers, we were met with eye-rolling, judging and patronizing remarks. He proceeded to throw our receipts back in our faces, continue making rude remarks, and instead of returning my change directly, he aggressively flapped my money in my face while lecturing me on separate checks. After I expressed to him how I did not enjoy his condescension, he then threw my friend's credit card back in her face.

I understand that it can be frustrating to deal with large parties. I have worked in the service industry, I know how it feels when you're tired and the last thing you want to do is deal with what you feel is your customer's incompetence. But never did I let that lead me to treat my customers the way we were treated last night. So what if a couple of tipsy girls have a few questions about the calculation of a couple of drinks? Just answer the question, show them even an inkling of hospitality. Especially when these customers are generous tippers who are likely to return to your establishment. 

I have never ever been treated this poorly in a restaurant or bar in my life. I am beyond disappointed because I generally love Misconduct's food and drinks and have often frequented it in the past. After last night, I'll have to think twice before going back.

Second star is for the good times we've had Misconduct, but last night you only deserved one.
Misconduct isn't my bar of choice, but when the group decides to roll there I don't put up a fight, either.  Truth be told, it's a very solid choice for sports fans.  I have enjoyed several Flyers games at the bar, one of which was during the snowpocolypse last winter.  Last night I watched the Phils sweep the Reds, with lots of other excited fans.  There are loads of TVs and each has a sign that states which station/game will be showing.

The boat interior decor is a little strange, and I hate that the bathrooms are downstairs.  The good thing is, the bar doesn't tend to overcrowd so it isn't too difficult to get seating.  

The food is hit or miss for me.  A grilled veggie plate on one visit was surprisingly great, while an order of chicken tenders were totally boring.  Said tenders had hardly any breading and bordered on the undercooked side, plus the serving was skimpy.  Fries are good if they arrive hot (not entirely likely) and I've heard good things about the onion rings although I can't attest to this myself.  Some people rave about the burger but the bite I tried last night didn't impress me.  It was very salty and too charred.  

The Phils game specials were a little weak: $3 Kenzinger drafts or Sly Fox cans.  I was in more of a martini mood so I went with the double chocolate, off the menu.  It was fantastic, but the unlisted price came as a shock once we got the bill - two of those bad boys came to $21.  Come on.  We're drinking in a faux boat here!  Happy hour has them for half off, so I'll have to get my fix from 5 - 7, M - F in the future... but only if a game is scheduled because this isn't the place I'm hanging for any other reason.
I like this place's improbable nautical decor. It makes me want to hoist up the John B sails and find a wily whale to pursue, preferably in white. 

The beer list would be awesome in most cities but is kind of unremarkable for Philly. Your Bells and your Dogfishes can be had here. They seem to rotate the drafts frequently, so I can count on finding something good to drink here. The beer list and cocktails change with the season (hot boozy cider right now, for example) - I wish more places would do this.

If you're looking for diet-busting bar food on a budget, this is the place for you. Vegetarian options (and they abound) include a hearty house-made veggie burger, a grilled cheese livened up with pepper relish, and fontina mac n cheese to which you can add a number of things (arugula, red pepper and roasted garlic for me, please).

With lots of TV screens with sports on them, sometimes this place is packed to the gills with polo shirt types. I have yet to discern their migration patterns - sometimes I'll be sure this place will be a dudebro no go (Friday night at 8?) and it's merely humming and pleasant, and other times the flocks will descend unexpectedly. When it's quiet, though, this is a fine place to have a beer and a cheap dinner and dream of plying the wine-dark seas...
I'm not sure why i've gone here more than once. food is mediocre at best and the last time i went - whoa - awful service. our waitress tried to force my little brother to sit at a different table (by himself) bc he is under 21 and we all had drinks. found that REALLY bizarre and it's a good thing the fi was able to make her see how ridiculous she was acting because i wouldn't have been as nice. Oh - this was at 1pm on a Saturday. 

needless to say, def not going back.
Good experience on weekends, even better on weeknights.

Did I really just say that? Ok, I think I'm getting officially old. I've been here numerous times on Friday/Saturday nights, and it was always bumpin'. I definitely had a lot of memorable (and not so memorable) moments here.

But recently, I stopped in for a late night dinner on a weeknight, and boy, I honestly think that was way more enjoyable. There were only a few other people in the place, so it was relatively quiet, and in a way, serene. 

I was there with a couple of friends and we grabbed some apps, side dishes, and a few drinks. In my older, wiser (HAH!) years, this was just what I wanted. No loud music, no live bands, no crazy specials like "nickel shot night".. just a nice atmosphere and good company. 

Our server, Alison, was an absolute doll. Attentive, personable.. and even though we were the last table and the only thing keeping her from leaving that night, able to remain in good spirits. She never made us feel hurried or as if we were an inconvenience. 

There's a pretty basic menu which consists mostly of sandwiches, sliders, and your assortment of traditional starters.

I'm sure I'll be back for a late evening snack. And if I'm feeling really frisky and want to turn back the clock, I might even come back on a Friday night :D
They lost our business for good. Most of my unit would meet here for drinks but we've found a new home after the way I was treated. 

Bartender has no idea what she's doing, didn't close the check for some other people at the table next door and they skipped out. She pinned it on us! Threatened to call the cops, a real mess. Our happy group of 5-15 that used to meet here weekly have taken our business elsewhere.
Everything was meh.
The avocado fries and onion rings were great going down, but there was so much grease that it caused them to come back up- they did NOT taste as good in reverse.
The burger was cooked to a nice medium rare, but lacked flavor and cheddar cheese which I requested. The mac and cheese with bacon needed a ton of salt which is surprising since bacon is extremely salty. 
Probably will not come back for food- i'll stick to booze at this bar.
I've spent most of my free time for the better part of 3 years across the street from this place and I've never been tempted to go in.  However, after being told a couple of times that I really should try it out-I bit the bullet.  This place looks divier than it is.   It's over priced and the burger I had was just blah.  

I'd give it another shout maybe because it was packed and it could have been a bad night.
While I'm keeping my rating for Misconduct at three stars, I can now say they are three very robust, shiny stars when compared with the three hesitant stars from my previous review. 

After a very late night on the town, I was in need of food in my belly and a little hair of the dog action. My lunch buddy and I were ushered past Misconduct's long bar, its seats full with construction workers who looked but kept their traps shut. Clearly, lunching indoors as opposed to on a wall somewhere has a different set of decorum. 

My bloody Mary served as the life raft in my hangover sea, and my grilled chicken Caesar salad was perfectly dressed, with tender, grilled chicken and a thrilling excess of croutons. It was just what I needed to right my ship.
The $5 lunch burger just can't be beat.  Great burger, great fries.

Servers and bartenders are incredibly friendly.  Decent beer list.

I enjoy spending time here.  Never too loud, great location.
Misconduct's, I happily give you a four.  You are a good place.  I've been to you for beers and sports (The best games are on and the brews are ice cold and filled again before you get to the foam).  I've been to you for late night cocktails (Your martinis were top notch and that is a tall order to fill).  I've been to you for your awesome burger.  Although it is kind of douch-y to advertise the best burger in the city, yours is one that I crave and definitely up there on the list.  It is impossible to claim best anything in a such a competitive and opinionated city, but I must say bravo for the burgers you are currently pounding out.
  I like your crowd.  Industry types dressed nicely.  The service is great, although I prefer the bar to the table service there, and the location is good.  It's got all the elements of a casual spot to either start or end your night.
I've been here twice, and both times I was unimpressed. 

The atmosphere isn't too bad, mostly happy hour seekers from the immediate area, and both times it's been pretty crowded (read, difficult to find a seat or talk). The wait staff is pleasant enough, though not particularly attentive.

They have a decent selection of beer, but I've as yet to be blown away by anything I've had there (and there scotch selection leaves something to be desired, which may not be important to you, but it always is to me). 

The food seems like your standard, frozen, reheated/fried pub food, which is overpriced and a little unsatisfying.**

Basically, if you're in the neighbourhood and everything else is too crowded to get a table, this place will do, because it's so mediocre that you're unlikely to have a truly horrific experience. It's serviceable, but if you're looking for something to really "make" your evening, find another joint.

** The chef contacted me and would very much like me to point out that "an important fact that [I am] omitting is that [they] don't even HAVE a freezer in [his] kitchen and NOTHING comes in frozen.".... That is a fair statement. So, I guess my review should read that it *seems* like standard frozen, reheated pub food... But it isn't.
The interior is great, and so is the dipping sauce on the fries. nice beer selection (although a little pricey if you're not there at happy hour)

Here are my beefs though:

1.  This place is super close to where we live, and when my fiance goes there for take out (which she often does) it's met with either blatant indifference by the bartender or downright contempt.  We're trying to give you money (and still tip, I might add), why are you so mean!

2.  We went there the other day and the place was empty.  2 of the 4 folks were there, and when we told them we wanted a table for 4 we were told we needed our whole party.  Forget the fact that the only other customers in the whole place were a party of 2, at a table with 4 charis.

3.  I also had the smoked salmon sandwich referenced in one of these reviews.  I love lox, I love salmon.  This was the single worst thing I ate that year (2008).  It was vile, no other word to describe it.
i'm picky. i hate noise and like good food. i know, what's my problem? 

i've been searching for a decent place to watch the NBA playoffs. yes, for some reason my life-long obsession with pro basketball has endured every attempt by the league to repel me. alas, i do not own a tv, so i'm forced to seek a public venue for viewing.

misconduct has been my latest location of choice. they have bright, shiny tvs and reasonably accommodating staff. unlike other bars that will remain nameless (for now... muhahaha), they will actually tune a tv on something other than philly teams even when said teams are playoffing themselves. for this, they get a bonus star. 

the second star is for scrumptious fries, made from potatoes grown in heaven, cultivated by buddha himself, harvested by the grim reaper (he's got the tools, he's got the talent), and prepared i can only presume through some dark pact with netherworld demons. oh, and a side of some mysterious sauce, which is two parts mayo and one part pizzaz. 

the third star results from a moderately quiet atmosphere most nights. i measure this simply by my ability to hold a conversation with someone at my table without having to yell. 

i stop at three stars because the rest of the menu has been lackluster, as others have observed already. i am further frustrated by a distinct lack of vegetarian dishes. sure, there are basic salads, grilled cheese, and mac & cheese, but none of them really stand out. once i had vegetable barley soup, which was memorable, but merely a soup du jour.

in summary, reasonably useful for sport-viewing and french-fry-munching (which work quite well together, actually), but otherwise take a hike elsewhere.
UNPROFESSIONAL;
DOES NOT CARE ABOUT ITS CUSTOMERS;
CANCELS RESERVATIONS - JUST TO EARN A BUCK

I WILL NEVER BE SPENDING ANY OF MY MONEY AT MISCONDUCT TAVERN.

Yesterday (NFL Championship Sunday), my fiancee made a reservation for a party of seven at Misconduct ahead of time, and our reservation was confirmed.  Our reservation was at 4:00pm.  At 3:30pm, a representative from Misconduct Tavern called my fiancee to tell her that they were CANCELLING OUR RESERVATION, because they had lots of walk-ins and decided to give our table away.  Last time I checked, the entire point of making reservations was to ensure you had a table in the event that there were too many walk-ins.  Moreover, my friends were coming from 45 minutes away, so CANCELLING OUR TABLE A HALF AN HOUR BEFORE OUR RESERVATION was extremely inconvenient, since now we were scrambling to find other accommodations for a large group (which included children), while simultaneously redirecting my friends who were already on the road.  Finally, management had the audacity to offer to move our reservation to the next day, even though the entire purpose of our making a reservation was to make sure that we would be able to come in, sit, and watch the game as we ate and drank.  

I have no problem with an establishment that does not take reservations, or does not take reservations on a day where they expect lots of walk-ins (Championship Sunday or Superbowl Sunday).  However, to take our reservation ahead of time, then cancel it a half an hour before, is extremely rude and unprofessional.  Regarding a party of seven with children in particular, management at Misconduct Tavern should have known that it would be difficult for us to find another establishment with only a half an hour's notice.  After already confirming the reservation, I would think that a professional establishment would deal with a slight loss of income that comes from holding an empty table for half an hour, rather than destroy the good will of its customers to earn a half an hour more's worth of profits.  I have to conclude that Misconduct Tavern is NOT a professional establishment.  

THAT BEING SAID, we had the extreme fortune of being able to get a table for seven at Kite and Key (because Kite and Key is willing to take reservations for parties of six or more).  We had a good time, the pizza was especially great, the beer selection was different and did not disappoint, and the Broncos won.  

BOTTOM LINE  I recommend that anyone considering Misconduct Tavern should look elsewhere.  There are too many good places in Philadelphia for you to be spending your money here.
My girlfriend and I wandered into this bar while spending a weekend in Philadelphia. We were struck by the unfriendliness of the staff, and my girlfriend, who is black, felt acutely uncomfortable. We have been together for years and this is the first time that she really wanted to leave a place. I paid for the beer/tip with cash under the empty glass, went to the bathroom, and then left. One of the servers followed us out into the street and accused me of not paying for the beer. I explained that I had left the money before using the bathroom.   He did not apologize until I asked him to do so and then it was obviously insincere.
I don't normally bother writing reviews but after reading some of the thoughtless things written below I had to respond. Until recently I had never even heard of Misconduct but a friend told me about some things they were doing for beer week, so we decided to check it out. 

My friends and I visited during a busy event they were having with Dogfish beer. I found that although the place was packed the service was very attentive and sensitive to a few dietary restrictions one of my friends has. 

We were smart enough to know the difference between salmon fillets and cured salmon, which by the way, has ABSOLUTELY NOTHING IN COMMON WITH LOX, except neither is "cooked" with traditional heating methods (sorry, my family owns a restaurant back home so I get a touch worked up over the little things). The menu offers both. We know this because we actually read it.

Two of us had the Misconduct Burger because our server suggested that this was the way to go since it was our first visit. They were incredible! They were cooked exactly as we had ordered them and the bun was sweet and just perfect. The fries were hot and crispy. OBVIOUSLY NOT FROZEN. My friends had chicken tenders, wings and the mozzarella. It seemed clear to me that these were not frozen either. 

Misconduct is now part of our bar rotation.
If you want to cheer for your game, you are not welcome, even if they told you at the very beginning it was NOT a problem. Such a shame to be called a sports bar and then be told you are too loud.  

They want to be classy and cater to a football crowd, such a shame.  Ans I was informed that all other patrons that were there at 1130 waiting for the noon game after 2 hours were being too loud... I guess they were okay with people spending money, but screw you if we have another wave of people come into their establishment.  

Beer is very expensive and they are not catering to the correct crowd to be called a sports bar on Yelp.. which I hope to modify!  

 More like an uptight management.   

I was told to keep it down by management and I didn't even swear... that's just BULL!  And now I swear!  If you cater to adults watching a game, then you need to allow the cheering to go along with the game.  

 Also, if you want to be called stupid by the bartender, then come here.  I'm okay with trash talking about sports, but when you get personal,  it makes you ignorant.  

I have not been disrespectful in any way shape or form, but just loud.  I do not recommend anyone watching any event here.  Perhaps if you want to be posh and not a true fan!  

I'm so sorry I gave any money to this establishment! 

The two stars is for their Victory Winter Cheers beer, which is like candy and very good.  

The lack of stars is due to management.... good job!
Bigger is not always better.

Misconduct has recently undergone a large scale renovation and expansion into the neighboring space, and has also undergone a global shift in atmosphere.  What was once a cozy, yet bustling, unique gastro-pub has morphed into yet another mega-bar where you can have a generically "okay" beers and food experience.  It's packed, loud, and rowdy - sometimes complete with fist pumping.

The menu contents are the same, but execution of a lot of the food has been lacking.  The customizable mac & cheese, in particular, has let me down.  I guess it is good for the business that they were profitable enough as a small neighborhood stand-out to morph into an even more profitable scene, but it's not my scene.
Meh exactly covers Misconduct in one syllable.

Uneven, generally mediocre food.  

Fair beer selection and good wine choices, though the reds are often too warm.

Odd mix of 20 somethings, lawyers and publishing types.

Beautiful oak bar and odd nautical theme.  

The staff can be fun and friendly or bored and ignorant.
I rolled through Misconduct earlier this week for lunch.  I was by myself (loser, yes I know...), and stumbled across it while in the neighborhood getting quotes for a print job I need done.  My friends highly recommended their burgers, but I couldn't even find it the first time I tried to check it out.

FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
I guess it's not too inconspicuous, but I am kind of confused that I know the neighborhood pretty well and had only just found it almost by accident.  The late lunch crowd was pretty thin, but I opted to sit at the bar and watch some sports center.  It looked like a great place to go watch the game with a few buddies, chow down on burgers and have a couple of brews.  Felt slightly bro bar but whatever, I was there for lunch, at least it didn't smell like a bro bar.  In fact I liked the decor a lot, it was some sort of adaptation of the inside of a sailboat.

THE FOOD/DRINKS:
I ordered a lunch burger, the size of which was very surprising.  I expected much bigger, and wasn't entirely satiated.  Even still, it was very good...I can see why my friends hold Misconduct's burgers in such high regard-- flavorful, juicy beef, perfectly-textured fried onions, and an ever-so-slightly toasted roll stacked high.  I just wish it were a little bigger, but I learned that there is a larger burger, the lunch one I got was purposefully a bit smaller.  I had a Franziskaner with my burger, a fine pairing, they appear to have a pretty comprehensive bar offering, one of these days I should go for dinner, get a burger the size I like, and then stay for some drinks.

THE PRICING:
Reasonable, but certainly not a cheap burger compared to other taverns...then again, most other taverns don't serve burgers like these.  Same goes for the beer, I paid $20 (generous tip included) for lunch and was sort of still hungry shortly after.

THE BOTTOM LINE:
Well-worth checking out, delicious burgers.  It doesn't take the cake for my favorite burger ever, but I can feel myself craving one as I finish writing this, which is a rare occurrence.  Just make sure you don't miss it on the street if you've never been there before!
I can't believe I'm even writing this since misconduct is one of our favorite bars in the city. But we had the rudest waitress I've ever experienced (and I work in the industry). She was shorter with brown hair, and completely nasty. We waited over 15 minutes at the table for a server before grabbing drinks from the bar. She finally came over when we had drinks, and started taking glasses off the table. We asked politely, "are you our waitress- we weren't sure so we grabbed drinks from the bar". I kid you not, she goes "yea I am and if you don't order from me next time, I'm having the hostess re-seat this table." Floored, we figured she was just pissed we were sitting in her section and not ordering from her (trust me, I get that), so we ordered the rest of he drinks from her. Every time we asked for something, she rolled her eyes and had the worst attitude I've seen in a restaurant like misconduct. I'm so furious thinking about it, I don't think we will be visiting that bar for a long time. That behavior is completely unacceptable and shouldn't be tolerated in such a great bar like yours.
I love this place. Best place to go by far when you're looking for a late night snack that doesn't involve a dingy diner or a slice of pizza. The food is by no means standard bar food. Get the crab bruchetta or the truffle grilled cheese and you will be very satisfied. In terms of the bar, it's a great place to sit back, relax and catch a game, or talk amoungst friends. I highly reccomend checking this place out!
I've been a Rittenhouse resident for several years now and only got a chance to go to this place this year. The food and drinks were excellent but I must say, the service was a TREMENDOUS disappointment. I've always gone with a group of 3 or more and in the handful of occasions that I have dined here, the wait staff have gotten our orders wrong or have given service as if they have a chip on their shoulder. 

Here's some specific examples of the poor service:
-One of my friends ordered a Rosè and they were out of it. The waitress brings a glass of white Zinfandel to the table instead of asking my friend for her preference for a substitute.
-During my most recent visit, the waitress rolled her eyes when we weren't ready to order yet. (We had only been there a few minutes and were just getting settled.)
-The waitress swiped one of the cards three times because she kept putting in the wrong amounts. (Although they were voided, the holds stay on your card for a week.)

I really like the ambiance (I love sailing and nautical things) and as I mentioned before, the food is pretty good. I tried really hard to give this place several chances by coming back a couple of times, but the last visit showed a trend of poor service. It's such a shame.
It is the nearest sports bar/restaurant to where I live but I can't seem to get myself to come here more frequently.

To be fair, it's in an enviable Center City location with a huge space and plenty of TVs, therefore logically should be a desirable spot. However, I find myself coming here with friends when we feel like being lazy or don't want to take the risk of not having a table at another preferred bar. The food is very hit or miss. I'm not a fan of the chicken tenders (overly fried) and as much as I wanted to like the steamed clams, I must have consumed 2 days worth of sodium in this medium-sized bowl. However, the roast pork sandwich my friend got was very delicious. I guess you just need to know what to order here to avoid rookie mistakes.

Service is on the slower side (but never rude!) but I'm just going to assume maybe each waiter/waitress has to cover a large number of tables?
I come here only for soccer games, not for food. It's a gathering place of Arsenal fans, so the ambience is perfect for Arsenal fans during Arsenal's games.

Food recommendation: fried zucchini sticks
Ha. What a joke. We sat down and our waitress got us water. Subsequently did not take our order and ignored us for 20 minutes.  We got up and left, and of course, no one noticed us leaving.. must have worn my invisibility cloak by accident!  Everyone and I mean EVERYONE there was Caucasian at 10pm on a Friday night, and our table was the only minority there. Was the service related to our ethnicity?  Who knows but one can only wonder.

Should have expected nothing more from a place called misconduct
Just tried the wings - FANTASTIC.  Get them with the dry rub.
I've enjoyed Misconduct on two very different occasions:

1- One night, Mom and I wanted a drink and it's pretty close to her house.  Cutely, she admitted she'd always wanted to check it out. So we went and bonded as I enjoyed very skinny, cripsy, delicious fries with a tangy sauce, and a beer I'd never had before (a black IPA. Liked it.).  Chardonnay and calamari went on Mom's half of the tab, whose tastes are very different from mine.  Dad stopped by a bit later and sipped a scotch.

2- After an elongated happy hour elsewhere, I stopped in to meet my gf and for more fortification in the form of buttermilk chicken tenders and those irresistible fries.  And anytime Avery Maharaja is on draft you can bet I'm drinking it. GF had salad and seltzer - the wiser choice being that we would be headed to Miami in a few hours.  

Similarities between these unique visits:  very attentive service, lively crowd, a roster of food and drinks that appeal to all tastes, highly enjoyable.
We stopped in here on National Margarita day and had amazing spicy mango margaritas! The salt around the rim had a tasty kick to it! Erin was our bartender and she gave us tons of tips on what to do during our weekend in Philly. We stopped in on a Friday afternoon so it was a bit quieter at the bar, but we were met with excellent drinks and service!
Louis R loves good food, refreshing drinks and solid service.

This spot is terrific for watching the NY Giants destroy the Iggles.

or check out the craziness when a Premiere League match is on. Crazy.

It's spacious, and you can people-watch from the open windows.  This spot is a few feet above street level so you get better vantage points on the hotties and fuglies walking by.

I'll be back.  I will.
The food is disgusting. The manager in a very condascending manner explained to three jewish girls what cured salmon meant, when my two friends ordered salmon expecting steaks not pieces of "cured salmon"

HELLO ITS CALLED LOX! get off your misconducted train and call it what it is! 

The only cool thing is I left my fleece and when I went back a few days later they had it in the lost and found.
Misconduct Tavern makes many Philadelphia lists of best spot to watch a game. I can see that...depending on where in the bar you are located in the bar

The game day vibe is great throughout the establishment, and at least during my visit, rival fans were able to stand side by side in peace. 

Some of the TVs just happen to be a little small. Like with most sports bars, it was also pretty crowded during the Eagles game. It was great that they had TV designated to non-Eagles games and had the Eagles game on the large screen and some scatter screens, but if you weren't in view of the larger TVs or right by the smaller screens, you may have well been in the nosebleeds at the Linc.

As far as beer and food the selection went beyond a typical sports bar. I was enjoying various IPAs and pumpkin drafts throughout my visit, and got to try some of my husband's Hot Capocollo Sandwich. It was a house cured pork shoulder with fresh mozzarella, onion and a type of roast pepper. It was well behind your typical pork sandwich and rather enjoyable. They also offer game day beer specials. 

Not surprisingly, the service wasn't quick during a game. It's frustrating but hard to place fault during what is probably one of the busiest times of the week. It is what it is, so come prepared to wait a little. The servers may have been busy but they weren't overwhelmed and were pleasant to interact with. 

So I was all set to give Misconduct a 3 star review based on the TV situation, but I think I'm going to have to bump them up to a 4 when you take into account the overall package and add in realistic expectations of a sports bar on game day.
My buddy and I got tickets for the Aziz Anasari show last Saturday except for one small hitch...the show is THIS Saturday. So after getting rejected at the turnstile we both agreed a nice nice five or sixteen beers were in line.

We were at the Merriam Theater so I figured we'd walk to Misconduct since it wasn't too far and I've always wanted to try it out since seeing it's sleek, cool commercials during Flyers games. Now I don't know if it was the way the light was coming in or the decorations but whatever it was I had the feeling I was at a diner in OCNJ  waiting for a disappointing plate of home fries as I did many times as a youth.

The bartender was really cool and even knew about the white whale I've been chasing since SF, the Allagash Interlude (but they didn't have it). Beyond that there wasn't that much positive I can write about. 

After three beers we decided to just go to the old homebase (the new homebase is Trestle Inn) St. Stephens, gather ourselves, drink the appropriate amount of beers, and then see where the night would take us. Now if we'd only known what was about to happen at the Saint we may have chosen a different locale but THAT is a story for another day.

*I will be back here as I think it could be been fun and this was not time was the exception and I'll be sure to update when I do.
My niece's Connecticut driver's license was torn in half by Misconduct Tavern's bouncer, Jay, this evening after she couldn't remember her zip code (she's been living out at Penn State until just recently). Rather than deny her access he intentionally tore her license in half which is willful destruction of property. This was her first time visiting Philadelphia and I am downright embarrassed as a Pennsylvanian. I would not recommend anyone from out of town visiting here lest your personal property be destroyed by a bouncer thinking he has a modicum of authority. Misconduct Tavern is aptly named.
Attempted to come and try their food, only to be turned away because they wanted to see my service dog's "card and paperwork" (something that can be acquired on Amazon for $20, even though it has no legal significance according to the ADA). The ONLY questions that can be asked are "is the dog a service dog" and "what services does it provide?" That is it. Decided to take my business to Schlesinger's instead, a wonderful restaurant next door who has never even questioned Daisy's presence in their restaurant. This is her sitting with me now.
Good stuff. They know what they are good at, so the menu is fairly basic, but everything is great from the crab cake sandwiches to pull pork (the best) with egg..original and amazing..to their veggie burgers.  Lively crowd but not too loud..great energy.  The fried avacado and their chipotle mayo sauce will clog your arteries but make your tummy happy.
I was so impressed by Misconduct Tavern and did not have very high expectations going in. I'm a huge sucker for great service and that was definitely what I experienced here last night. As soon as my boyfriend and I walked in around 9:30 on a Friday during a Phils game, the place was pretty full. There was a hostess standing at the front and she told us she could get us a table without too long of a wait since we were only a party of 2. But she said, while we wait she'll grab us some drinks from the bar. So she let us peruse the menu a little bit and then brought us 2 Kenzingers really quickly while we just stood around the bar watching the game. 

After watching the game for probably 10-15 mins we were approached again and brought to our table, The service was so quick as we ordered the Crab and Artichoke Bruschetta to start.. ammmazzzingg, god it was so good. The collection of servers quickly get refilling our drinks, clearing plates, we placed our order for dinner which was their Grilled Cheese (add prosciutto) and I had the grilled caesar salad... now my boyfriend loved his grilled cheese and their fries, I am seriously obsessed with that grilled caesar salad. Two halves of fresh Romaine grilled, with fresh Caesar dressing drizzled across the top and Parm cheese, great croutons. Wow. 

After we closed out our check at the table we went over to the bar and got a seat. I saw they had Root behind the bar and have been wanting to try it for so long so asked the really nice bartender if he could make me something with it. He made up a drink for me with consisted of all kinds of things but I only was able to identify him pouring in Root and Bourbon. Coming from someone who didn't think they even liked Bourbon before that drink.. i loved it! 

Misconduct really surprised me, fantastic food, great service, fun atmosphere, I will definitely be back.
I'm on a Boat...

Curved ceilings, varnished wood and brass make this place seem more like hanging out belowdecks on a sloop, without the inconvenience of actually being on water. 

However, you won't find tattooed pirates or Popeye in this place. Think more Newport than Norfolk. 

Good beer selection, good service, and their chicken caesar wrap is the best in the neighborhood.
My experience took place Saturday May 9, 2015.  I currently live in the D.C. area, but I was in town for the Mothers Day Weekend being as though my mother and family are from the Delaware area.  After planning a spa day surprise at the Aria for my mother, we decided to get lunch.  As you may know there are a lot of restaurants near the location, but based on some general yelp reviews we decided to come to this establishment.  The hostess was very nice and offering us seating on the top level on the right side of the bar.  Once we were seated in the section, we saw the waitress look at us, bring food to a table that was diagonal to the right of us.  As she walked back toward our table, I thought she would stop and acknowledge us. She did not.  As she walked back out looked at us  again, then walked to a table that was in the same section as ours as well as next to the table she was just serving ,and I assumed asked if they  were doing okay, because she didn't have anything in her hands.  I then thought she would then acknowledge us, to ask if we wanted water, or drinks etc... She did not.  She walked directly past our table again without saying a word.   Another party came in 2 men and a woman (they were Caucasian / my mother, my sister, and myself are African American) sat adjacent to our table.  The waitress came back out and went directly to them, acknowledged them, and asks them did they want anything.  At this point I was perplexed.   They received their water, and we had yet to be acknowledged.  Another waitress  came into the section (this was the first time I seen her, I think she may have been walking towards the bar) and asked if we've been helped. I advised her no, and she asked if what we would like to order.  She was very polite, and took our drink orders.  When she brought us our drinks, I asked about how the sections were broken up, she made it clear that they were not, and she asked why the inquiry.  I explained to her that The other waitress walked past our table twice, looked at us, and did not acknowledge us, and went to the table that was adjacent.  Our other waitress was empathetic and apologized.   By this time the other table had already received their food. The one waitress did her best to accommodate and give good customer service, but I was upset by what happened.  I asked her for a business card of the establishment as well as name of the other waitress who chose to ignore myself and my family. I try to be understanding in most situations, but I would like to mention that there were only 2 other parties (a Caucasian party of 2 women and a Caucasian family of 4 with a baby) in the section when we first arrived, so it was not super busy...

 I wrote and email to the manager and I wanted to make them aware of this situation, and see how they would respond, before I wrote a review. The acknowledge my email advised they would look into the matter and would get back to me.  They never got back to me which is fine. I just don't want one bad apple to spoil an establishment of what may usually  give good service.  I come to Philadelphia time to time for business and I have never received such service at a restaurant.  If it was advised to me that The one waitress is truly physically colored blind then I will be a bit more understanding, but in 2015 prejudice and racism  is never acceptable.  Being racist is truly Misconduct.  I would never suggest someone getting fired especially in these hard economic times, but I do believe people who work with people of all races, religions, sexual orientations, and etc.. should be educated to treat everyone with respect. 
 
On a positive note, the restaurant had a great atmosphere, was very clean, and my food was pretty good which what I would have wrote for my review.

On another note my Mom ordered her burger well done and it came out very pink.. I give the food 3 stars and the service by 1 waitress 0 stars and the Other waitress 4 stars. Overall experience I guess a 2..
I had my doubts about misconduct tavern due to a 5 minute visit involving a bar crawl and some red headed sluts (the shot!). This preconceived notion turned out to be totally wrong. I had a great time.

Was there for a birthday.... called 10 minutes ahead for seating, we walked in and they had a table for 15 waiting for us but the place was full minus our table. The waitress started taking our drink order from a vast slection of bottled beer and some draft. She stated she was new, only been there a week... this could have been a bad sign. It wasn't we enjoyed great service, never had to wait for a drink, the waitress was attentive and we enjoyed ourselves. Not to mention that had great food. Most of us ordered the mac and cheese, you could have it plain, or with a variety of toppings ranging from tomatoes, crabmeat, garlic, bacon, mushrooms, etc. Some of the other in our party had the burger, veggie burger, and chicken fingers. There wasn't a complaint in the place only sighs of delight over their french fries. They were even nice enough to accommodate my friend who wanted turkey added to the brie and pear sandwich. Overall it was a great experience and if they can handle a rowdy party of 15, they should be able to handle anything. I would highly recommend it to anyone who asked... yummm :o)

Side Note: They did not add a gratuity for our party of 15, I know some people prefer it when they don't add a gratuity, so I thought it was worth mentioning
In an effort not to inaccurately equate correlation with causation, I'll just say I had the BEST burger and fries of my short life, here, on the 5th of January, 2008. And before I leave Philadelphia, I will patronize this place again (and again) to accumulate scientific evidence in support of generalizing this otherwise one-time experience of perfection.

Additionally, the atmosphere is well-rounded and pretty laid back; mainly a bar with a line of tables on the opposite wall. Somewhat serious bartender, but he got the job done. A nice selection of drinks (such as the fact that they carry Strongbow Cider) too.
But the burger! (and fries!)
Had a great time. Good drinks and watched football all day. However the owners decided they wanted our table and the one next to us. So they told us we had to close out. Day went from a 10 to a 1. Disappointed that patrons would be treated this way. 
Understandable that they wanted to watch Eagles vs. Cowboys. We planned to watch that game here also and already had a $200 tab. 

Would I come back again to see if things are different a other weekend? Yes. 

Advice to owner- remember patrons matter as well.
Stopped in here after a fun World Cup party on Sunday, and had a great time!  

Service was very speedy, and the french fries are AH-MAZ-ING...I could have eaten like three plates full.

The burger was also delicious, and served a TRUE medium, not the "you can order a medium but we'll still give it to you well done" that you end up getting at so many other places.

I wasn't in the beer mood, but their beer selection looked great...can't wait to check it out on my next visit.

Oh, and also, love that it's so close to the PATCO stop...
Looking for a bar to waste time, I was drawn to this place given the name...reminding me of a game misconduct in hockey only to find that is clearly not the case (nor is it the season in Philly for it ha ha sorry). But that's okay. This was a good choice in time wasting.

The beer list was not as local as I was hoping (I love to get to try stuff I can't get at home) but I made do with it very easily. Decent selection of beer in cans too. 

We decided to also snack on some of the potato fritters, not really knowing what to expect. They were like breaded and fried logs of mashed potato. They came with a sriracha mayo and that together was awesome.

Since really the only sports going on when we stopped in was the NCAA lacrosse finals, that was on here (and like, everywhere) but it definitely has an awesome layout for a sports bar. I'd definitely want to come somewhere like this to watch games.
For me, it comes down to an issue with management. I was there on a Friday night with several friends. They turned the lights on at 1:35. Their real goal is to make sure the doors are locked and closed by 2 AM with everyone out.  PHYSICALLY out of the bar.

The issue is, they don't attract the same crowd as a 21-year-old party bar. It's not Mcfaddens, or Finnigan's Wake, or Tavern on broad with sloppy drunk people everywhere. It's actually a much better crowd. But, they treat it as if they're running a college bar.  Why have the same thug bouncers, and there are three or four of them, pushing people out the door at 1:45 when you are legally allowed to serve until 2 AM?  

They have remodeled, and it attracts a fun, diverse crowd.  Unfortunately for this place, the management's direction for this bar does not align with the patrons it attracts. It's unfortunate.

Overall, I give the bartenders a five star for their very pleasant and prompt service. But, I would give the overall attitude of the bar 2 stars For the shortsightedness of the owners to treat this place like it's a seedy college bar. And for me, the general negative impression of the bar trumped the positive service of the bar employees.
Somewhat boring bar with a pseudo-nautical theme (the bathrooms are for Sailors and Mermaids).  Unimpressive draft beer selection, though the bottle selection has some decent choices.  Lots of flat screen tvs.

So why the four stars, you say?  It's all about the fantastic grilled cheese, which is served with a deliciously bizarre layer of sweet red pepper relish, and perfectly salty fries.  

If for some strange reason grilled cheese isn't your thing, there are also plenty of burgers and cold sandwiches (including a pear and brie sandwich, which I might order someday if I can ever tear myself away from the grilled cheese). Apparently the full menu is served until 1:30 a.m.
They have declined so greatly since my last visit three years ago. Their new name should be Misdirection. 

Their seating is right on top of other tables. Hard to be comfortable sitting with your back in someone else's back. 

I was mostly disenchanted by the menu changes since my last visit of 2008. I remembered that I used to be able to order any variety of mac n cheese toppings for a reasonable value that improved with quantity of toppings. Now there are only three set "levels" of the appetizer, more expensive and lacking the creativity of the build your own variety style mac menu. I felt like the whole reason to return to this restaurant had been compromised, but ordered mac anyway because obviously I had been looking forward to the taste. Unfortunately, our waitress discouraged my custom order by saying that the menu had always been that way, at least as long as she knew. Not only that, but having worked there for three years, she nonetheless refused to acknowledge our longer term patronage in favor of her dwindling recollection of the time they must have streamlined the menu for faster prep, instead of made to order.

Another menu anomaly was the yogurt smothered lamb burger. My friend was perplexed when his came out of the kitchen. Our waitress merely indicated that the menu description was accurate (It still claim it WASN'T... see attached menu screenshot) and that we could try to absorb the unwanted yogurt sauce with napkins. However, the item had been so smothered in white cream and could hardly enough be salvaged.

All in all, I was very disappointed with my last time in Misdemeanor, Misdirection, whatever you want to call it.
I stopped by Misconduct on a Saturday afternoon with friends for drinks and snacks. They were easily able to accommodate us and there seemed to be great seating options for groups of all different sizes.

I've come before to watch Sixers games and enjoy their buckets of beer. This visit I decided to try a cocktail and really enjoyed the Pomegranate Martini. It was relatively inexpensive for a cocktail and tasted delicious!

The highlight of the food menu here has to be their chicken tenders. They are well breaded and crispy but the chicken inside is moist (sorry if you hate that word, but it is!!!) and tender (as the name implies). 

If you are stopping by Misconduct for any occasion, make sure that you get an order of the chicken tenders!
Rude staff. DO NOT go here. Attempted to come here after my sister's wedding with a large group of people in their late 20's/early 30's. They let everyone in except my sister, who was still in her wedding dress. Really? We were with a group that was dressed in gowns and tuxes and the wouldn't let the bride in. What a bunch of a-holes.
I recently visited Misconduct Tavern for a few drinks with a friend after work during happy hour. This was my first visit here because with a name like 'Misconduct Tavern' I always imagined it to be a hole-in-the-wall, dark & dirty bar. Boy, was I wrong. This place was hoppin'. Very crowded, as it was the Friday before Christmas week. The inside was bright, clean & very inviting.
 
Although it was packed, the hostess found us an open table in the back, we ordered a few drinks & a side of fries. Drinks & fries were very good, service was fast & attentive.
 
Would definitely come back here for drinks again!
No matter what time of the day I come here, I find myself sitting in front of a big TV watching the game I want right on the bar.  Bartenders are always friendly and very attentive which is rare in that area of Center City (I've never actually sat at a table there, always at the bar).  Not a big group venue but definitely a place for 2-3 people to catch a game and a few beers after work.  Try the wings (with the dry rub) and the steak sandwich.  Thank me later.
A disappointment to say the least. Our server rarely came by to give us refills and the food was mediocre. We ordered the cheesesteak empanadas (good- but so much bread and lacking cheesesteak), half order of Mac and cheese (the highlight of the meal, but lacked flavor other than creamy cheese), Caesar salad (awful... straight awful. The dressing had no taste. Just seemed like there was mayo thrown on my salad), and some type of chicken sandwich (my partner did not enjoy it).  We left 3/4 of our main entrees at the table and yet our server had nothing to say about it. I guess we should have said something while we were there, but sometimes it just seems pointless.
I loved coming to Misconduct to "watch" (aka pretend watch) some sports with friends a couple of months ago. I was very impressed by the decor, it is so fun! The place is definitely big enough to gather with a crowd, and that was a bonus for us. Our server was really attentive although the place was crazy full. I had the roast pork sandwich, and while not mindblowing, it hit the spot. I would definitely return here; I would love to check out their late night scene and happy hour specials!
Bouncers were incredibly rude gave no warning as to when you would walk out that you would not be able to come back in due to the capacity. We're aggressive and manhandled me left with a minor cut, didn't accept a friends valid license. Get new bouncers these guys are going to get you sued
A friend and I came here for a couple of brews and a bite to eat Friday during happy hour, and I'm a fan! 

During happy hour, all draft beers are just $4. I chose the Allagash White, which later went well with the Chilean Sea Bass sliders that I ordered. The sliders themselves, lightly fried, were tasty, as was the side of fries that accompanied them. And the portions were generous- I only had room for two of the three sliders, and maybe 2/3 of the fries!

Seated at one of the tables and not at the bar, the service was super-friendly, too!
4 stars for the mac and cheese, 2 for the burger.


The mac and cheese is made with fontina here and starts at $6.50. Then comes the fun part of picking your add ins. The prices on those start at 50 cents for things like onions and to up to $4.50 for steak. I chose bacon ($1.50) and sundried tomatoes (50 cents). The plate came out sizzling hot, smelling good, and looking like the congestive heart failure I was hoping for. I had been holding my breath, hoping that the outside would be slightly burnt, and was pleased to see that it was. The bacon added some saltiness that might have been lacking otherwise. The noodles were cooked well, the cheese was stringy and melty, and the portion was huge, it was well worth the price.

The Misconduct burger, ordered with bacon and cheese,  was not as successful. The meat was overcooked, and the size of of the bun suggested a much larger patty than was presented. Even with the tasty fries that came with it, this was definitely not worth the $10 price tag, however, come in on a Monday and burgers are half price, which would justify ordering this a whole lot more.
I visited Misconduct to watch my Gunners in an FA Cup match. A very good reason considering that Misconduct is kind enough to host the Philadelphia Gooners. The Arsenal supporters from Philadelphia. Aside from a great group of people which made everyone feel welcome, you could tell that the staff shared the same outlook, there were friends, hugs and hive fives with varying nods... all of which made you feel instantly welcome.


"The Good"
- The staff were amazing from the table service to the bartenders it was a well oiled machine. They also took note of walking in between the tables when the game was on, which is a small thing, but very much appreciated.
- The food was tasty, I just had some appetizers but they were decent Higher pub grub, with fancy names ;)
- Guinness on Tap.
- The restrooms are a run of doors that hold individual rest rooms for one person. You did not however find yourself trapped and they were big enough to spin without hitting a wall, so you did not feel cramped. They were also very clean and well kept.
- The main bar area and tables were also very clean and it is noticeable as the entire frontage is a giant window, for people watching and sunlight.



"The Meh"
- Nothing really Meh to comment on.


"The Bad"
- Street Parking. Not their fault, their problem.
This was my niece's first time visiting Philadelphia. Her ID was ripped up by the bouncer named Jay.  She is 22 years old and now has to get a new license.  Avoid this bar, there are plenty of other places to frequent in Philadelphia.
Wound up here at the height of March Madness madness, unfortunately. Sports bars so aren't my scene and idgaf about basketball beyond the NBA. My mom won a couple of gift cards and passed them on to me. This was a couple of years ago but that's okay. Gift cards don't expire.

We plugged our ears and put in our initial order: mac 'n cheese and chicken fingers to start, plus my friend chose a drink that I can't recall. The supposedly legendary mac didn't live up to the hype and didn't match the pics posted here. It was like Stouffer's put on a rented tux and threw itself into a ramekin dish. I grew up on Stouffer's, so I wasn't mad about it, but I did expect more. The chicken fingers were decent but the honey mustard dipping sauce assaulted my sinuses. I found when used judiciously that it was a great decongestant though, so again, not mad.

The empanadas and sliders were a bit more problematic. The cheesesteak inside the empanadas was downright nasty in taste and texture, with a flavor like old shoe leather. The sliders were literally raw inside and arrived to the table mooing. They remerged ten minutes later as hockey pucks on buns. We ultimately avoided eating them. The accompanying fries were delicious. We ate them all.

Angela, our waitress, was fabulous and delightful all around. She did her best, considering the circumstances of the situation, and I applaud anyone who has what it takes to thrive at a place like this, really I do. The sliders were removed from the bill, and as a bonus courtesy, so was one of my friend's two drinks.

I'll be back at some point to spend the rest of my gift card.
Pesto bacon mac n cheese.

You don't need to know anything else about this place other than

pesto bacon mac n cheese.

A waitress suggested this, thinking it was quirky and that I wouldn't like it. Well she is an idiot and so are you if you get anything else besides the pesto bacon mac n cheese.

Seriously. Don't get the wings or anything else because you will be wasting your time and money. My rating is purely based on the pesto bacon mac n cheese.
This review is based on the VEGGIE BURGER and the VEGGIE BURGER alone.

Great burger, man. Ten times better than the one you'll get up the block at Good Dog, which you'll have to wait longer to receive and pay more money for.

The patty is made up of roasted eggplant, zucchini and chickpea. It's lightly fried and reminded me of falafel in flavor and texture, which I was totally digging. It's topped with all the usual suspects, with the addition of bean sprouts, on a toasted challah roll. You can sub a side salad for fries at no extra charge and leave feeling a tad more healthy than usual. Next time my friends want some beer and some bar food, I'll be recommending Misconduct for sure.
I came here for happy hour recently and wasn't really blown away. The server took a really long time to come over to us. She seemed overwhelmed, not friendly and even after she acknowledged us, she still took a really long time to take our orders. She walked by us multiple times without asking us if everything was okay, once our food did come. They only have about three food happy hour items. I am not a fan of chicken/turkey burgers to begin with, so I really wish they had beef sliders. Okay beer selection but I wouldn't return for happy hour because of they were just too busy and the service lacked. We've been here before late at night and had a much better experience.
A great neighborhood bar with lots of beers on tap and great food.  The odd nautical themed decor is a bit tacky/cheesy, but who cares when everything else is great.  The place is pretty spacious so I never feel cramped and the food is soo good!  I love the mac and cheese, whch you can get made to order with a pretty sizeable selection of toppings.  I also LOVE the avocado fries.  I've never had them before but they're deliciously fried , super crispy, slices of avocado.  

The staff is always friendly and the bartender was fast with drink orders.
After casually patronizing Misconduct for several years, some recent great experiences are quickly making this one of my favorite neighborhood bars.

Every time I walk in they seem to be bursting at the seams with an energetic crowd - completely full . . . except for one table for me!  Even though it is often noisy, it never quite crosses the line where you can't have a conversation.  The bartenders and waitstaff are very adept at dealing with a crowd, so you get to enjoy the fun atmosphere of being somewhere popular without the usual downsides of long waits or bad attitudes.

The draft list changes often, and usually represents a good mix of popular crowd pleasers and more unique brews.  They have a nicer whiskey list than many casual spots.  The menu is mostly basic bar food, but it is all executed really well.  The burgers are fantastic; the French dip and pesto chicken wrap stand out among the sandwiches; and the fries are always fresh and wonderfully potato-y.

Misconduct does a better job than most at appealing to a wide crowd.  At it's core, it is a slightly nicer (and therefore slightly more expensive) version of your standard corner bar.  There are plenty of sports-showing TVs, but it is not a sports bar.  There are plenty of down-to-earth patrons, but it is not a dive bar.  There are plenty of well-dressed people, but it is not fancy.  The decor is pleasantly nautical but not over the top, and a recent renovation has opened up the back space and greatly improved the bathroom situation.

I can't imagine ever turning down a suggestion to go here.
Me and my family came here after we had seen Bronx Tale play. I really liked the decor. Pictures of sloops on the walls and port and starboard lights when you walk in. We went there and got something to eat which was good. But, the main reason I wanted to go there was because I heard they had dark and stormy's (combination of dark spiced rum and ginger beer) This is not something you can find everywhere. Anyway I'd def go back here in a pinch if I ran out of goslings and ginger beer.
Great choice for happy hour, with insanely cheap drinks and very good bar food. And the service ROCKS. They're so friendly and willing to help. And the "new" bathrooms are a step up from the old, gross ones downstairs.

Last time I visited a friend left his backpack with a very expensive laptop in it behind a table. We called around 1:30 am when we realized it was missing and they said they couldn't find anything. We headed over in the pouring rain just to check, and confirmed it wasn't there. Then, around 2 am, we got a call that they'd found it (they accidentally thought it was a server's). How nice of them to call and stay open til we came back to pick it up. 

They could've waited til the next day to call, which would've ruined his night. Or they could've stolen everything in there. Or a dozen other less awesome things.

So thanks, Misconduct, for providing us with tasty and cheap drinks & eats and for being solid people to boot. We'll all be back many times to come - can't wait for the expansion to open!
Misconduct is growing on me.  Not that I didn't like it before... it just never showed up on my radar as a place to go.  But it's a laid back bar with pretty good food.  

I'm not a fan of the burger here - mostly because of the bun... but everything else I've had was great.  They have killer fries, Crab and Artichoke Bruschetta is great, good chicken wings, great soups, and a mac and cheese that made me tear up a bit with joy.  Beer menu isn't half bad... and comparatively it's not bad on pricing.

Somehow I always get sucked into Fado across the street... but after my last tour in there I think I'm going to make this more of a regular spot.
Misconduct is one of my favorite bars.. or should I say it was one of my favorite bars. I used to go to this bar weekends, weekdays, you name it, I was there on New Year's Day. This man physically pushed me down the stairs because he thought I called him an asshole. (I am 5ft 3in on a good day). I have not ever in my life been physically  accosted like I have been today. I wish I got the man's name. I had a party of 10 all willing and able to pay for our beers during the eagles game. Again, this is a place I visit regularly. But never again, and I would advise anyone reading this post to not to visit this place unless. You want to be physically abused by the bouncers. I have always felt safe and enjoyed my time there until today I realized that the staff according to this man Is allowed to physically harm
The costumers who have been waiting in line for close to an hour because he thinks that he heard me call him an asshole. Please, anyone, especially women, stay away from this bar unless physical abuse is something you welcome on a night out with your friends.
My boyfriend and I were totally bummed because there was a 45 minute wait for good dog bar and stumbled upon this place. We were really excited about trying the burger and French onion soup but were incredibly disappointed. The soup ha burnt black cheese on top and was colder than lukewarm. The bacon on the burger was so hard and impossible to chew, the avocado was in chunks rather than sliced and fell off the second I picked it up. The bun was supposed to be a challa and wasn't either. The only reason why I gave it two stars rather than one was because the fries were delicious. The server was standing at the end of the bar texting and was totally in her own world as we had empty waters and no sharing plates for the majority of the meal. It should be considered a misconduct to consider this place a restaurant.
Bland food. Overpriced. Ridiculously slow service. Too dark for the day time. That's it.
Revisited. THe burger was noticeably better than my last visit.  The beer list here is pretty good.  They have one of the best happy hours, M-F 5-7 half priced drafts.  If you visit for happy hour on Monday, you can also get a half priced burger, and you really can't beat that.
I cannot say enough good things about Misconduct. 
I have been a fan of this place as both a bar and a restaurant for years. I have been for lunch, happy hour, dinner, before games, to watch games....I have brought my friends and family here and everyone has loved it too. 
The food is delicious - burgers, mac-n-cheese (read any other review for more info - or just ask my sister!), salads, even their fish specials for us Lenten-observers. I have yet to order a dud here. Beer selection is great too. If you just want to stick to your Miller Lite you can get it here but also head to Misconduct for rarer finds and local brews. You will find it all here and you won't be disappointed. 
Most recently, I held an event at Misconduct and the owner and staff couldn't have been more helpful or generous. I really didn't have a thing to worry about, the gang there took care of it all and dealt with the craziness we brought in along with many children! 
I will continue to be a loyal patron here and will recommend and bring people back again and again. If you want a low-key, relaxed drink and some yummy food, head to Misconduct Tavern. 

Tip - check out their Twitter feed and FB page.  They post specials all the time and list upcoming events!  Enjoy!
My favorite place in Philly to stop for beer, food and just to hang out. Great beer selection every day. Foods are always good. Everything I've ordered from the menu is in my top five of all time for each food category. Burgers are great, my favorite french fries in the city, best chicken wings in the city hands down, french dip is amazing and on and on and on. 

I need to order their homemade hot dogs some day. Owner is great guy and a good laugh. Definitely worth going.
This review is strictly for their happy hour - I've eaten once (turkey wrap, perfectly acceptable with yummy fries) - but have been several times for happy hour. The staff is friendly and unassuming, and the specials are fantastic. I mean, how can you beat (pretty much) half-priced everything, especially when the full prices are already reasonable? 

If you're looking for somewhere fancy, or quiet, or stuffy, Misconduct is not the place for you. If, instead, you're looking for a good time with friends (especially between the hours of 5 and 7!) it's one of the best places around.
Ahh, the MT. What started out as the unofficial waiting room for Good Dog (which is always suuper crowded, especially on Quizzo nights!) has quickly become a favorite in its own right.

I first stumbled into Misconduct because I dug the name (who doesn't appreciate a little Misconduct?)...turns out Misconduct is actually the name of the owner's ship. Last I checked, Philly's not exactly a nautical capital...but whatever floats your boat.  (Oh yes. I went there.)

Anyway, Misconduct offers decent food, in a low-key setting, with an impressive beer list to boot. Last visit, I had the Misconduct burger (perfectly cooked, juicy, and with ah-maz-ing shoestring fries) and the Artichoke-crab-bruschetta -- I swear I thought I tasted heaven, and it tasted like artichoke and crab bruschetta.

The beer list features all sorts of delicious rarities, like the Anchor Steam seasonals -- ON TAP! -- plus the ever-elusive 16-oz. Strongbow cider cans.

The crowd is a good mix of hipsters, business professionals, and sports fans who wandered down from Fox & Hound -- I dig the variety, almost as much as the eats.
Get the basil lemonade!

What a great happy hour place!!! This place is like a more spacious version of Alpha/Devils Alley. And they actually have semi healthy and cheap appz! Also, the specialty cocktails are just $5...and the basil lemonade one was amazing!!! Also, the avocado fries were sooo good, never had them before, but can't wait to try them again. Plus the chicken tenders were some of the lightest and moistest...ever! They were not super greasy or covered in yucky bread coating. Loved them. Although the french and honey mustard dipping sauces were pretty terrible, the BBQ was great. Wasn't too much of a fan of the edamame because it was swimming in beer juice, so it wasn't as dry and salty as I like. The place got PACKED around 5:30-6 so make sure to get there early to grab a table. Plus, a great crowd of younger professionals, and they have big TVs for the sports liking people.

PS. There is also a row of unisex bathrooms which is kinda unqiue!
I have been to this establishment many times, but have never been disrespected in the way I have tonight. The server, "Devon" approached our table and noticed we already had beers. Thus he refused to serve our table water because we had drinks already, unless we started a tab. There is not an establishment in Philadelphia that would make such a request. Honestly, we got drinks before the table became available and we intended on buying more rounds, but this behavior is unacceptable! If I'm a paying customer, which is clear because we had round of drinks, I should not have to start a tab for WATER! This was the worst service I've ever had in a bar in Philly.  My friends and I should not be subjected to this behavior. Please correct this as we would have had many rounds of drinks, but given this behavior, we will spend our money elsewhere. 
Btw, the bar was not that busy!
Snacks are smallllllllll but pricey! So if you think you're going to share a plate of _____, think again. These are for real snacks.

But wow is this tavern food of mystery and wonder! I wish I worked right by it so I could try something new and exciting every day!

We had the guac fries: salty and delicious, the lamb burger with cucumber sauce: a little too much garlic (but a massive patty), the french dip: absolutely incredible and stuffing, and the tilapia hot dog with beer cheddar sauce and caramelized onions: interesting, perfect consistency, and overall delicious (but hold some of the onions... too many). Also, the fries that came with the sandwiches were awesome. Oh, and I inhaled my caesar salad! It has a light fish oil taste to it.

Overall, I would come back weekly to try out new hot dogs, but I'd definitely avoid the snacks in the future... not worth the price to me.
While I was initially thrown off by the overly enthusiastic seafaring theme at Misconduct Tavern, I do aim to try out all different kinds of bars. Coupled with their 1/2 burger Monday, it seems like a good place to try out.

Dan and I visited for lunch. It wasn't busy, and the server was pleasant and attentive. The beer list here is good and has some nice variety and smaller breweries, but not outstanding. $5.50 for Bell's Quinnanin Falls Lager (12 oz), $6 Ommegang Witte oints are slightly overpriced. I dislike bars that don't clearly advertise their prices, and Misconduct provides a tap list without any indication of price.

We ordered wings and cheeseburgers. The wings served are whole wings, I believe an order or five was $9. At that price, I expected nothing short of condor size wings in the most delicious sauce available. In short, they're more expensive and less falvorful and enjoyable than the wings served up at Moriarty's.

We both ordered medium rare burgers. We both received well done burgers. I don't like sending food back to the kitchen, so I ate and enjoyed my burger, but it was an oversight that shouldn't have occurred. The fries served alongside are okay, nothing special.


Bottom Line:

I can get better food, drink, prices, service, and atmosphere within a two block radius. On the other hand, there are far worse places in the same vicinity. If you're going to visit, at least do so on a Monday, when you can get a handsome burger for $5.
Posted by wgkealey at 3:58 PM
Misconduct became my home away from home on Sundays during football season. They have numerous tv's spread across the bar broadcasting different games, in addition to a large projector screen for the home team game. I've only sat at the bar but the service is always on point. Most of the servers and bartenders are attentive and engage in conversation. 

I've had the wings and the mac n cheese, both of which I'd recommend (nothing out of this world but good). Younger, working crowd-late 20's, 30's-with some older regulars planted at the bar all night. Good place to grab a drink after work and definitely to catch any game on tv, especially football and soccer.
There are many better places in Philly. Save your money.

Food= The food seemed uninspired and was missing a real punch or any actual seasoning. The crab sliders were bland, the veggie burger was like mush, the fries even needed salt. My friend felt robbed at the cost  versus size of the caesar salad. The one highlight was the dipping sauces.

Drinks= Generally overpriced cocktails. I heard that happy hour was ok but 1/2 off an overpriced drink just seems like you are breaking even to me.

Space= It is really tight. Like uncomfortably close to tables. The servers even had trouble squeezing in to give us our dinner and drinks.

Service= The service is crazy to say the least. I think we had like 5 waitresses?! I wasn't really sure who was taking care of us or who we were tipping. One of the girls was really nice but the others were either ditzy or rude.

Overall= Skip it.
Misconduct is great for a beer and a burger any night of the week. 

I tend to try to go earlier for happy hour, since the late night crowd gets a little bro-y. Would recommend any of the burgers. Salads are a little iffy, so it's more of a true pub food place. 

The staff are nice, and my water has stayed full the last few times I've gone. 

And I loved that they did a fundraiser for CHOP this summer! (It was a "fun run" that went between the two locations, which was super cool!)
Im not one for cliches, but his is gonna play out like the Good, the Bad, and the Ugly.

The Good: the happy hour was a pretty good deal, and their cocktails were well made. The fries were great too. That's about where it ended for me.

The Bad: the tuna sliders I got weren't good at all. The greens it was served on very overly bitter and overpowered the wasabi caviar and miso mayo entirely. I got the fish tacos from the happy hour menu were only 2 instead of a more standard 3. I don't really care about it, but it'd be better to have it listed on the menu. There were about 10 of us that came in just after work when it was fairly empty, and the wait staff had difficulty in remembering the orders and splitting up the checks at the end, though we stayed at the beginning that we'd be splitting the check.

The Ugly: nothing really. The storefront is nice and in a great location.
Even before I ever set foot in Misconduct it was one of my favorite ever bar names in Philly. But being the slacker that I am and given the Rittenhouse Square areas VAST bar competition, it took catching up with my friend before she set sail for a move to Hawaii to finally get me to go and see what this bar had to offer. And I'm kind of disappointed that it took so long, because Misconduct was definitely the beer centered bar with some decent cocktails and pub food goodness that I expected it to be.

While I wouldn't completely consider it a beer haven. The rotating mix of 12 drafts and 50+ bottles does give it an amicable list, especially when you factor in the $4 drafts on Happy Hours and drink specials that they offer on a regular basis. As for food the jumbo wings with dry rubs easily contended with some of the other best wings candidates in the city. And the house made beer battered fried pickles definitely made for an interesting bite. But overall the menu offers some well rounded and interesting pub fare.

Upon entry don't be swayed because Misconduct is definitely larger than it looks, even more so if/when the extension construction that was going on has completed. And it can be a solid destination for Phillies games.
I love the food at Misconduct and the best part is the kitchen stays open late. I most recently enjoyed a late night meal after sips.

My favorite treats are the avocado fries, the Mac and cheese (you can pick your own mix-ins; my go to is garlic, arugula, and sun dried tomatoes), and the grilled cheese with guacamole.

It's conveniently located near the 16 & locust PATCO station if you want a quick bite before you head back to NJ.
My restaurant photo collection contains 554 restaurants and 178 of those are burger places.The burger here ranks at the bottom of this list so let's break it down

Bun--horrible dry seeded bun

Meat--overcooked 

Condiments--needed much more and the small ketchup chalices ain't cutting it
I was looking for a place to do a large goodbye party Happy Hour for my coworkers and my Center City friend recommended Misconduct.  Overall I was very happy with the experience.  I was happy with the Happy Hour prices and the size of the space.  We had quite a large group but were able to spread out reasonably well.  The server wasn't the friendliest but he was pretty good about checking in with us regularly.  It's a bummer that they gave us one large bill--such a pain when you have 20+ people to account for!  But other than that I enjoyed my time there and I would definitely go back for another big happy hour celebration.
For starters, Misconduct Tavern is one of the better bar food locations in the city. I wouldn't necessarily say it is anything special but the food there is pretty decent. My only real complaint is that it can get awfully crowded and hot inside. If you're claustrophobic, probably not the ideal place to be.
Misconduct is a nice, classy bar near RIttenhouse that's great to watch a game at. Their beer selection is decent and their mixed drink come in pint glasses--which is actually the most poignant thing about Misconduct that sticks in my mind. Food was good as well, though I mostly came for drinks.

It's a very clean, big, nice space especially compared to other spaces such as Fox & Hound just down the street. Definitely a bit lower energy too--which has benefits depending on who you're trying to watch the game with.
This is my favorite happy hour place in city.  Half price craft beer drafts.  Good food.  Lots of bathrooms.   Nice big space so no longer have to wait forever for a table and sit all cramped up next to strangers.   I dig it.  Nice job Misconduct.
Ordered here tonight and they screwed up every part of our order.  Fried pickles were missing the sauce, gravy fries was missing jalapeños. Got take out because we are staying at a hotel and they didn't even give silverware or napkins.
Ok so you know when you're really lazy to cook and its your day off to eat whatever the hell you want to without a concern for caloric intake? yes we have those days. I have those days more than I should. This place is perfect. Cheap beers, greasy food, with some relatively healthy options. They serve a grilled chicken wrap which is pretty good. But lets be serious here folks, you come for the dry rub wings. They are amazing!!! There is a hint of brown sugar that does things to the wings that only wing lovers would appreciate.
Drinks:

Decent bar, good drinks.
I've been told their bloody mary's are really good.
I like their Dark and Stormy.
It doesn't get too crowded which is nice, unless there's a game on.

Foodwise: 

There's a large mac and cheese selection where you can build your own. AWESOME.

Avocado fries are good.
Maybe my standards are high but I work not to far from this place and ran in for a lunch time salad.  I like many others have heard that the food here is good.  I have had the chicken fingers from here before they where really good but took forever to come out.  The place wasn't crowded on that occasion.  Today I was in before the lunch time rush.  Ordered an arugula duck salad $11.  Waited a half hour and my To-go salad came with a hand full of greens (maybe 6 mouthfulls) and luke warm bland tasting duck.  Took it back and the bartender made it seem like it was ok for me to eat Luke warm salad.  Went to a soup and salads chain not to far and paid less for an abundance of  tastier food.
I miss the old misconduct. My husband and I just spent about 10min seated at. the. bar. Being completely ignored. Left without being served. This used to be one of our favorites for wings & Mac n cheese. Not sure if we'll bother in the future.
This is an underrated bar in the city.  I always thought their commercials on TV were pretty tacky, but stopped in this past weekend to check it out.  We arrived at the tail end of Happy Hour.  The place was pretty crowded and it took a few minutes for us to get seated.  We asked our waitress to change the closest TV to the Phillies game, which she immediately took care of.

Drink specials and selections were plentiful.  After we ordered beers, we ordered chicken fingers and fries.  After I put my order in, I had a bit of menu-remorse, as chicken fingers and fries at a bar are usually of the precooked frozen variety.  To our surprise, when the food came out, the chicken fingers had been homemade and breaded in house, and the fries were fresh cut.  They came with honey mustard and bbq sauce, both of which were very flavorful.  

All in all, I was very pleased with my experience and will be returning.  It's very affordable and a great place to catch a game or just hang out.
My friend lives in Old City and I live in Fitler Square so we figured Broad would be a good meeting point to settle on a spot for happy hour, and ended up at Misconduct.  

Misconduct has great happy hour Specials! Draught beer, cocktails, and wine are all half off from 5-7.  They also have daily food specials.  I went with a mahi mahi hot dog and some oysters with wasabi caviar.  It was all really good.  The hot dog had a mild seafood flavor to it and it was covered in a beer cheese sauce and caramelized onions so you really can't go wrong there.  My oysters were good too, and the wasabi caviar is awesome.  I would love to have it on top of sushi instead of the regular tobiko.

The service was friendly and the waitress was helpful with her recommendations.  I will definitely be back.
