[931]

6/10/2019

This Misconduct Tavern is located right in the heart of Center City Philadelphia.  

I saw this place featured on FYI Philly so I had to try it 

My burger was ok and my fries were very skinny (not the pictures I saw on yelp)

My friend enjoyed his burger. 

My son enjoyed his chicken 

They have a nice bar area which looks like it can be a nice happy hour place. 

Our waitress was really nice 

I'm not a fan of the burger or fries.  I would come back if someone else was coming but prob not on my own.
Came here last week late at night to grab some drinks. The drinks were standard -- no complaints.

However, the restaurant has MICE running around (see photo), so it deserves nothing more than 1 star,
Misconduct is a sports bar with decent food, a pretty good beer list and on our visit - very attentive service. For that alone they deserve a nod. It also didn't hurt that they were serving Founders KBS on my visit. The mac and cheese appetizer was good - very cheesy which is always a plus. Sadly, they are not currently serving the lobster mac. The Philly hot chicken sandwich was good - huge but kinda messy due to all of the sauce. The fries were delicious. Get the fries. 

This location has a pretty big space - not a bad place to visit with a big group, once large groups can gather again. There are TVs everywhere for all you sports fans out there. I've been to Misconduct twice now so they must be doing something right.
I came here for dinner with friends after the draft.  I ordered the fried chicken sandwich with a side of hot sauce.  The hot sauce side cost $1 (guess that's why Beyonce keeps it in her bag).  The sandwich was fine and the ranch tasty.  It was very large with two thighs piled on top of each other, so I ended up ditching the bun and eating with a knife and fork.  

The Philly Pale Ale was on "special" at $6/beer.  I ordered that, and it was exactly as expected.  The beer menu does not have prices, but you know if the special is $6, not much else is likely to be cheaper than that.  

My bill was $24 and I left a $5 cash tip.  Today, three days later, I looked at my bank account and saw that a 15% tip was added onto my credit card charge without my authorization.  Knowing that I left cash (and, as a former bartender, literally never leave only 15 percent), I contested the charge with my bank.  

Not a good look for a restaurant to steal your money (even temporarily).  Be careful when using a card here.
This place, like everyone has alluded, sucks. And the Mac n cheese is good but seriously so is easy mac and it takes 1 min and $1. 

The service is painfully slow. Does misconduct make an effort to hire slow and unresponsive servers at both their locations? When they messed up my friends order she just giggled like "haha they have to remake it they'll come out soon" after waiting 40 min already...like NO NOT HAHA. Then messed up drinks with a similar haha. She wasn't rude, but, cmon make an effort! 

The food is standard American aka 100 places in the city to go to. It's also pretty pricey for standard items. 

Just don't bother. The cocktails are so sweet and weak af don't try getting crunk.
A few weeks ago a few coworkers and I went to Misconduct and sat at the bar.  I'm not sure what the name of the bartender is, but we'll just call him Patton Oswald (you'll figure it out).  We sat there for a bit longer than expected before we got his attention.  It wasn't crowded or anything, but I think the other 3 people at the bar may hit his peak potential.  He wound up taking my order and then walked away only to come back and ask me if I wanted to place an order.  I blew it off and ordered again.  I'm not sure if maybe it's just the amount of shiny things around the room that distract the guy, but he sure did his best to not acknowledge the people sitting around him.  

Anyway, fast forward to the next and last time we were there.  We go in and despite not being crowded they are a little slow to seat people so we sit at the bar.  Patton was back in action (if you call it action) behind the bar.  For the first few minutes we were invisible, but then there was magic when he actually noticed us.  When I say he noticed us, I mean he threw 3 menus in front of the 4 of us.  He didn't break stride in walking away as he tossed them.  For the next 10 minutes we watched him flub around the bar and do everything except ask us if we were thirsty.  Now ¼ into our hour lunch we decided to get up and go down the street and eat.  When we got up another bartender apparently crawled out of the floor and came running over to take out order, but by then we were done there.

What's irritating is that it's not hard to fake people skills.   Even if this guy's first day was the visit we did weeks ago, he should have been at least a little better this recent visit.  It's a nice place and the waiters are usually decent, but that bar is killing them.  I'm sure the mixed drinks he makes must be amazing....  Hopefully when put a sign outside when they get rid of him so we know when it's ok to go back.  

There was 1 time months ago when they were good, so it's not total garbage.
This place is aptly named, because there is a lot of 'misconduct' going on at this tavern - and the misconduct is completely the fault of the management and staff!

This experience literally left a bad taste in my mouth; and after seeing so many bad reviews here, it confirms my suspicions and I'll add my two cents.

It's a great space. It has a big room, walls of windows, a centerpiece bar where all can gather around as tightly or loosely as the crowds eb and flow. However, that's about as much praise as I can give this second location of Misconduct.

I guessed that something was up when we ordered beers and I had to flag down my waitress after about 15 minutes. When she saw me waving from across the room, she had that "oh crap" look on her face and went directly to the bartender to order our drinks. She literally forgot about us.

And then there was the food, which didn't take as long to come out; and I didn't have to remind her that we were there as paying customers.

So wings tend to be the standard bar fare by which a business like this should be judged, right? At least I think so. I ordered the dry-rubbed wings, and I regretted it. For $12.50, you got 9 wings. Not 12, not 6, but 9 (for some odd reason). The wings were a decent size, but their dry rub was rather disgusting; as they had a coating of way too much sugar on them. And I couldn't shake that taste for hours.

And with the one single beer that I had, a rather small-sized $9 Belgian, my bill came out to $23. $23 friggin' dollars!

Screw that. The only time I'd come back here was if friends were gathering, or meeting up in public with a new local, and if it was happy hour for lower prices.

Like the other reviewers here, I just can't recommend this place. Hopefully management will come here and do it's homework to whip this nice space back into shape before they close from lack of business.
Perhaps the middle of a Saturday afternoon is the time to visit, but I had a swell time at Misconduct Tavern. 

My group sat at the bar and ordered from the bartender. I was on the fence about my beer selection, so he let me sample the one I was contemplating. Good thing he did, because I went with something else.

I also split a large Mac and cheese and chicken empanadas with friends. They were standard bar bites, but tasty for sure. 

Ok, so what did I really like about this place? They had a stellar playlist exclusively of 90s Rock. Not sure if that's the norm, but that put me in a fantastic mood. 

Aside from the music, there was nothing special enough for me to rush to return, but I wouldn't avoid the spot either.
This review is based on two different experiences I had here.

The first time I went to Misconduct was for happy hour with my co workers.  All the cocktails they have were $5 and then there were beer/wine specials as well. We ordered a few appetizers which were pretty good too. The space itself is large and is a great setting for large groups. The service was also on point.

The second time I went was for lunch with my co workers around noon on Monday (11/2/15). We had the worst service - it was solely due to our waitress who seemed to be scrambling around.  In all actuality I'm not even sure why she was running around since no one else seemed flustered except for her. Half of our food came out wrong (three orders of the wrong sliders to be exact) so we sent it back. I had ordered the burger sliders which was fine except the fries didn't come out at the same time which was annoying. Additionally, my other co workers food which was the beer can chicken sandwich we saw just sitting under the light for a good 20 minutes. When the rest of the sliders came back out that's when all the fries came out along with my co workers chicken sandwich. The sliders I had were mediocre as mines was way too pink in the middle and honestly I was scared I was going to get sick. Maybe that's my fault as I should have told the waitress I wanted it done medium well, however, any waitress that has common sense should have asked.

Overall I would shy away from this place for a full meal and just stick to happy hour.
The staff here is awesome. We've had a great experience every time we've been. And I always appreciate a full water glass!

The beers are solid - I always find something I like - either a new pick or an old favorite. Never have to settle for cheap beer here.

Prices are decent, on that note! Don't have to worry about breaking the bank here, and they have some decent specials.

I've enjoyed the burgers here, and think I've explored a few other avenues on the menu, but mostly pub type grub. Not where I'd go for fine dining, but as a spot to grab a sandwich and a beer, a true solid pick.
Maybe I just don't understand the restaurant business, but shouldn't you NOT run out of something on your normal menu (not a special)?! My friend had been going on and on about how great the salmon sliders were only for them to be "out." What the heck?! 

Our server was nice, but it took FOREVER for our food to actually come! The server actually came over and asked us if we had gotten our food yet, and when the answer was "no" he went to go check on our order. My burger sliders were ok... not mind blowing. 

The space they have is an ok size, tons of TVs so if you're up for beer & a game, then check it out. Other than that, not much to go on about.
Bartenders are 5 stars hands down but as far as the food is concerned-- No.  I am sure the salads or sliders are okay but the BLT I ordered? I looked at it and was perplexed. Why? Because I literally have no idea how anyone could screw up a BLT.  A 5 year old could have better.  It should have been called an "T" because there was barely any bacon and one floppy wilted paper thin sliver of lettuce. They did pack in 4 'fried green tomatoes" (which I'm sure they hang their hat on as a selling point for this sandwich) but they were breaded with thick panko like breading that I was able to peel off in whole and the tomatoes were somewhat hard.  I guess being able to peel off the garbage that breaded my unripe tomatoes was a positive because they were much too greasy. As was the sourdough bread it was served on.  For $10.00 I got a greasy tomato sandwich with legit -ONE piece of bacon.  One piece chopped up into little bits. It was criminal.

Their mission statement: "To serve delicious, affordable food that guests will want to return to week after week" is a complete joke.
Sober up, Misconduct.
Considering this space used to be an overpriced Chinese food place with average food, Misconduct was a definite upgrade.  My friends and I came in here, but were being completely incisive and the bartender was nothing, but helpful.  
I tried the Mac and Cheese along with the Chicken Empanadas and they were quite tasty.  Had a couple of Mimosas and a good time.

I would come back and try their Happy Hour because this is the perfect place for large groups.
If you're into overly friendly and super slow service, you'll like Misconduct more than I do. 

Hubby and I went for a quick drink and snack on New Years Eve before heading to our open bar event. There was room at the bar, and we were quickly given drink menus. Then the bartender headed to chat on the other side of the bar to chat with the other bartender.  He came back over several minutes later to introduce himself, ask our names, and shake our hands (???) and headed away before we could order our drinks. We were finally able to order (yay) and hung out for a bit until we were ready to pay up. It took longer to pay than it had to order, we had to ask both bartenders for the tab, and each time they stood at the POS chatting.  The location and food (cheese fries) and drinks were good, that's the redeeming quality here.
This place is not equipped to handle large crowds. I was here for a Halloween bar crawl so this place was packed. They had a private party in the lower level so that was off limits. It was extremely crowded and almost physically impossible to get a drink. When I finally made it to the bar, the bartender was extremely rude. I would definitely never come back here again.
Working at 20th and Market, I was super pumped when Misconduct opened on JFK- close to work and on the way to the train= score. It's a good happy hour option and has nice outdoor seating. The hostesses and wait staff I've had can be rude at times but the bartenders have always been friendly. The place does fill up quickly for happy hour, so be sure to get there early if you want a table.
So, Misconduct as some AMAZING mac'n'cheese. Like, to die for. I got mine with roasted garlic and onions and it was finger lickin good. 

Other than that, we had kind of a mediocre experience here for brunch on Sunday. The waitress was very slow and it really wasn't that crowded. Our order came out all wrong for multiple people and we had to talk to the manager to take it off the bill. The food took an unecessarily long time to come out considering all we ordered was mac'n'cheese and were waiting for 40+ minutes. Then once we got it and ate it, we waited forever to get the bill/boxes. We were there for 2 hours.

However, once we did speak to the manager, they were pretty accommodating and took the mistakes off of our bill. 

So, I spent the majority of the meal feeling frustrated and annoyed but the food was delicious once they got it right. I'll go back for the mac'n'cheese but I really hope they step up their game because there was no reason for us to have been waiting for so long and getting everything wrong.
A friend and I had a great experience here on a whim Saturday afternoon while waiting for the train. While I wish they had more brunch food options, the food we did have was on point. The loaded cheese fries were addicting and I will definitely go back just for them. Chicken fingers were cooked well and not dry, though could have used a bit more seasoning in the breading (dipping sauce helped)! Best of all we had an excellent server who was attentive and friendly, and taught my friend how to pour a Guinness - pretty cool! 

We were able to walk in on a Saturday during peak brunch time without a reservation and were seated right away. No complaints here!
Held a private event at Misconduct last night for my office and I could not have been more impressed. From the initial planning of the event to the execution, great food and awesome service, I will definitely have another event here!

Kudos to Mel, Nick and Ege on helping us coordinate! The restaurant was clean and not overcrowded especially since the Eagles game was on. Nick and Ege were at our beck and call and were really quick with taking drink orders and then delivering them. The food was great and hot (especially the cheesesteak empanadas). 

Would highly recommend for a casual dinner or drinks as well as to host a private event!
They charged my credit card for the drinks of the girl next to me AND handed me her credit card. And the service has always been ridiculously slow. Never coming back here.
I went to this place for happy hour and dinner with co-workers(6). They waited 20 minutes after being seated b4 anyone even came over. I went inside to ask the hostess (blonde girl, who refuses to smile and had an attitude) either way she begrudgingly looked into it and someone came over. Overall, the service was slow and the food was just ok. Listen, If your organs are about to shut down from starvation, and all wawa's are closed. Then this is the place for you !  Bc obviously you were desperate !
Service was good, but the food was average. The fish was too marinated and saturated with dressing. There was no option to just have the fish seared by itself. On the chicken salad, there was more kale on the plate than chicken, and the variety of seafood was minimal.
It's a pretty standard bar/grill type place.  They do have more than your average TVs which is decent for trying to catch a game.  The space is big and open and it offers outdoor seating in the front on JFK.  

HH 4:30-7...I don't remember exactly but specials were in the below ballpark. 
$7 cocktails
$5.50 Draft Beers (some exclusions)
$5.50 Wine

Menu was good but not great.  I tried the Mac and Cheese after it was mentioned in soo many reviews.  It was a little over hyped if you ask me.  Not bad but not what I would seek out. 

I wouldn't be opposed to going back in a if someone suggested it I'd be open to it kind of way.
I went as part of a free night and everything was decent. The grand opening went well with lots of people. The drinks were okay but nothing amazing. the food was decent but lacked character. It was just so cookie cutter you could have been anywhere. I did think about going back beyond the opening to see of it got any better or found it self any more character but sadly from other reviews and friends it seems like it will remain just a lack luster bar and grill. 

It does hae great outdoor seating though right on the main drag of JFK.
Stopped in for lunch with friends on a Friday afternoon recently and had a good time! The staff was friendly and prompt. It was a nice day, so we opted to dine outside which ended up being great people watching. 

I got a Moscow mule and the fried chicken sandwich. Both were fresh and flavorful! I was excited for pickled veggies, but disappointed that it was mostly carrots.. not sure what veggies I wanted, but not carrots lol my friends got salmon sliders and the bacon burger and enjoyed their food as well! 

I would return and do recommend.
Have been here a few times now and have come to really enjoy it. 

Menu is basically standard bar bites but jazzed up a bit (cauliflower burger sliders, a burger with foie gras, etc.) Drink options are OK but not mindblowing and reasonably priced.

We have never experienced the service issues some other reviews mention -- staff has always been super-friendly and accommodating and we haven't had unreasonable waits for anything. We usually go on the weekends when it's quite laidback and a mix of customers. I suspect the post-work happy hour crowd may have a very different vibe. 

All in all, we're pretty pleased with Misconduct and plan to add it to our regular rotation.
I've been here for lunch and dinner. At lunch I would give 4 stars for food and service.  Food came out in about 25 minutes which is a little slow for lunch. We all got salads and they were good.  Dinner was another story. 

I made a reservation for a party of 10 for a birthday dinner for a couple before a comedy show.  Our reservation was for 6:45.  When I arrived there was no hostess, so I waited at the host stand for about 5 minutes while the rest of the party went to the bar.  When a waitress came over, she told me they don't take reservations when I politely pointed to the book and showed her our reservation.  She said they didn't have a hostess so could see what they could do.  We got a few seats at the bar in the meantime and just gathered around.  At 8:30 she told us a table was ready, almost 2 hours past our reservation.  Our show started at 9:30 so we didn't have time so we never got a table. She didn't offer anything for our inconvenience.  Very disappointed and would never go back for anything but to just sit at the bar. I understand there can be issues but the way it was handled was unprofessional and the wait staff was very impolite. The bar tender was very friendly.
Food: decent
Beer selection: ok
Service: poor
Location: great

Could be a 4 star type place if the staff was a little more on point.
I always have a pretty solid experience at Misconduct! 

The service is always prompt and friendly, and even when they're busy I've found servers to be super attentive. 

Their menu is pretty varied, but they're known for burgers and bar food. Don't miss their Mac and cheese it is SO good. Super creamy, flavorful, and indulgent. The cheesesteak empanadas are pretty tasty, and I liked the Seoul chicken sandwich. 

They have a great drink selection (they sometimes even stock the alchemist beers at their 1511 locust location). 

Def a great spot for lunch, happy hour, etc!
I love the roast beef sandwich at the Locust St location, but the wait for a table there was 30 min. So, I called this location and asked if they have the same menu, the girl said it was pretty much the same. (She didn't sound confident, so I should have figured she was guessing.) 

At this JFK location, the roast beef sandwich was open-face with gravy and mushrooms. I didn't think it was good. The meat was tough and dry with no flavor. It was a waste of $13.50. 

The waiter and staff were very nice and gave good service.
Kicked everyone out at 1:40, despite their door saying 2:00 am close. Clearly just wanted our money then wanted us to leave. Bartenders were not friendly and bouncer was a jerk. Do not go here.
I've heard a lot of cool things about Misconduct, so I figured to try this place for myself. Unfortunately, I do NOT agree.

The menu looked good, but the food was mediocre at best. The avocado sticks had a great panko breading and was well cooked, but it was bland. The garlic aioli tasted like canned mayo with store-bought minced garlic. Instead, we put a lot of salt on them.

I had ordered the shrimp sliders...that was the WORST!!! There was NO indication that this slider had shrimp in it. When I bit into it, it tasted like I had a mouth full of grease and gristle. 

The server was very nice and accommodating. She asked if I wanted anything else. I ordered the salmon sliders...can't go wrong with salmon, right? Wrong. The salmon was good, (but here we go again!), it was bland. The sauce on it looked good, but that was bland too. After putting a bunch of salt and pepper on it, I took a bite and the bun was overcooked; it was toasted all the way though. At this point, I just asked for the check.

I'm glad they didn't charge me for those meals. However, it would've been nice if management showed some kind of respect AND a professional courtesy by coming to our table to address our concerns. As far as I'm concerned, "misconduct" is a perfect name for this place.
This was almost embarrassing to write over a salad but the service was so horrible. 
Coworkers and I stopped by for lunch to watch the World Cup and get some food. We sit at the bar and wait 15 minuets for drinks while the bartender clearly payed attention to the suits who needed refills then she serves new customers at the bar a drink after she told us to wait.

SO , we WAIT ANOTHER 15 mins to order food: 3 simple Cesar salads (one with chicken) . 

Even making it easier we pay ahead since it was our lunch break. 
Our colleague got their Cesar salad within minuets...
The two other small Cesar salads took 30 min!!!

HOW DOES THAT HAPPEN?!

The bartender was less then apologetic that the small salads took longer because one of them had chicken on it. The small Cesar salad with chicken was so burnt it was inedible

Needless to say, i left no tip and I was late getting back to work .

Service needs major improvement
Mixed feelings about Misconduct. Weird strip mall type location on JFK and 18th. I've been here for happy hour a couple times and the only worth it aspect is the buck a shuck oysters and $4 glasses of wine. Besides that, the menu is sparse. 

Ambience is eh as well. Wannabe nautical type bar... convenient if you work in a nearby vicinity, but don't expect too much.
I have been here twice. Once for lunch on a Monday and another time for drinks at about 7:30 on a Tuesday. The time I went for lunch I ordered a French Dip sandwich. The menu said shaved roast beef with a creamy horseradish sauce. It was more like mayo and leather. The beef was way over cooked, to the point I could not bite through it. Ended up fork and knifing the sandwich and the au jus was simply some beef broth microwaved. Service was incredibly slow given the number of people in the place.

The second time I went on a Tuesday night with a couple of friends. We went in to order a beer after dinner. There were maybe 15 people in the place. There was a bartender and another server. It took about 10 minutes for the server to come to our table to ask if we wanted drinks. Ordered beers that were on tap. Server decided a smoke was more important than placing our beer orders, came back in, chatted with people at the bar, walked around a bit then passed our table and realized he forgot about our order and asked for it again. 10 minutes after that our beers came. The worst service I had ever had at a restaurant. 

I will not be back and will tell my friends and coworkers not to go there. If you want a good sandwich go across JFK to Fresco Cafe in 1880 JFK. Great food and awesome service!
I can not believe how well ran this place is!! Went here for the Super Bowl and the staff were all amazing!  We had food and drinks the whole day, everything came out quickly.  You have to try the wings with the dry rub, they were delicious!
TERRIBLE. We were treated with blatant disrespect, and the food was mediocre. After the waiter asked my friend repeatedly what she wanted, (he couldn't hear her because the music, which we love loud music, was up so high you were left with no choice but to sit there and not talk) he claimed to have heard her and put our orders in. There were 5 of us, one of which is my husband who works right around the corner in a large company in which he will be referring all of his coworkers and customers to The City Tap House from now on. After our food was brought out, our waiter hid in a corner on his phone and never once checked on us, perhaps if he had he would have realized he forgot to put in my friends food order. I called him over to the table and he went to speak to his boss, the owner. After we had all been done and shared our dinners and 15 minutes after I reminded him, he brought out her order, to which we boxed up because dinner had been long over at this point. We asked for the check, AND, the icing on the cake was that apparently after knowing all of this was going on, the owner told him that he could only give us a $2 discount because we didn't drink alcohol. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? By no means are we looking for a handout, but COME ON! Take accountability for your establishment and your employees! You screwed up. Own up to it. I had to drive an hour home, and my husband had to go back to work, you honestly had the audacity to punish us for being responsible and giving you our business? You are so screwed if this is how you are going to "conduct" things.
Diverse menu : lots of goodies.
Venison burger to Salmon salad. All well prepared and presented. Great location and Philly atmosphere.
Very comfortable and gracious servers. Totally returnable stop for good food and spirits at a reasonable cost :-)
Insulting and Nasty bartender!   White guy, late 40s or early 50s, medium build and height.  A lady friend and I stopped by MisConduct tavern off JFK St.  My friend orders something like a vodka tonic, bartender served her a gin and tonic.  After a little back and forth about the drink order, this meathead bartender sticks a straw in my friends drink and takes a sip without asking or any warning.  OMG!!  He could have herpes, open mouth sores, hepatitis...   After tasting, he admits drink is gin, not vodka and only then makes a new drink, and charges for drink. Needless to say our mood was spoiled and our evening tainted by disgraceful behavior of idiot bartender who by taking sip was in fact drinking on the job.  This was Friday evening, 3 Nov, near 10:00 pm, sitting at bar, in case manager wants to review security tape.  Awful experience, never again!
Ordered a burger medium and it arrived VERY well-done. Skip this location and go to their other Philly location if you must go to a Misconduct.
Service was average; however, they were out of Ketel One and Grey Goose. They were also out of coke slaw. The food was just okay. I can't say I'd go back or recommend it.
Standard bar in Philadelphia. They have a good assortment of beers and typical bar food. The steamed clams were a tad spicy. For the entree, I had the fried fish sandwich with fries. The crust was crispy and sweet, but the fish was a bit bland. 

We were sitting by the door and every time the door opened a gush of cold wind came in so I had to keep my coat on during my meal. I recommend sitting in the back if you want to stay warm during your meal!
I go here quite often since I live so close by, originally fell in love with their Mac & Cheese at their Locust location. 

THE best Mac & cheese, I usually get spinach, roasted garlic and roasted red pepper. The most perfect gooey dish ever! I also like their beer barter friend pickles. Those are the 2 things I always get when I go. I've tried their vegetarian sliders, nothing I would rave about though. Basically come here for the Mac and Cheese.

I love the openness of the restaurant, it's so big, perfect for a larger party. Cons: service is SUPER low, even if I am sitting at the bar, I got slow service. If my drink was empty...I had to ask like 3x for another. Usually at any other place, the bartenders approach you and say "would you like another?" But not this one...
I just got back from lunch and had the grilled chicken salad.  Great taste, but not filling.  I had to have some snacks upon returning to the office.  There are plenty of other places around that have great tasting salads that fill you up for less than what Misconduct is charging.  Maybe because it's more of a bar scene I shouldn't expect so much from their salad game.  But yeah.  Meh.
After a last minute changed of plans forced us to relocate, our 20+ party walked into Misconduct Tavern for a few drinks. Despite the unexpected flood of people walking in, the staff were extremely accommodating and helpful in making sure that we were taken care of. The drinks and the food came quickly, the servers and bartenders were nice, and they had no problem finding seating for our party. We will definitely be returning. Thank you so much!!
Went for dinner with my wife had a great experience .Great atmosphere, loved the nautical theme . awesome food, you can tell all the food is prepared fresh. friendly staff.
From the moment we walked in the service was terrible. The food took excessively long and when it arrived it was incorrect and the chicken tasted and appeared microwaved. Sorry to say this is far from a neighborhood "go-to"
I always seem to be disappointed when it comes to a bar's TV situation for sports. This place by far has the best. No matter where you're sitting, you got a good view to watch a boatload of games so I'm looking forward to spending some time this summer watching the Euro Cup and then continuing into the fall for Football and Soccer games.
I've been here on several occasions, mostly for happy hour with co-workers.  The happy hour drink specials are not the best, the prices are still above average.  And the food (not offered as part of HH) is pricey given the small portions.  However, despite the overpriced food, I've never had a bad meal here.  The service has also been good every time.
Worst service ever experienced. We were told to find a table, when we did the waitress yelled at us for seating ourselves and for adding a chair to our table. She walked off angrily, then returned and slammed the menus on the table. It was incredibly  awkward, rude and unacceptable. Will not be returning.
No idea why people are giving this place bad ratings. It has great bar food, especially the chicken fingers. Good staff. Great happy hour spot too.
Went to lunch on a weekday with two other people.  Inside was empty but they jammed us in the back corner, right under the air vent.  We asked to have them turn it down a little, and the waiter said, "the owner's a lawyer and likes it 'office' cold".  The menu is a bit sparse for a pub... One page, consisting of a few apps, a few salads, a few sandwiches, and a few sliders.  Nothing was innovative or original- like someone said, "quick, Google me a bar menu- now make those things".  

Our waiter forgot our drink order and brought the apps before the drinks.  They were actually out of "side salads" forcing everyone to get soggy fries.  Out of side salads on a Wednesday at 12:15?  Yet there was lettuce for the burgers... Just seemed odd to me.  Oh, and the bill took 20 minutes to come after our meal was complete


I will chalk most of this to being open for only a few weeks, but the service and consistency better stabilize soon.  It's such a prime spot for lunch, and the beer menu does look extensive (longer than the lunch menu), so I will give it one more shot (for happy hour)
Good beer, but I'm not sure how this place is so big and they decide to have 30 inch TVs on the wall. Seriously, there is plenty of room to put up 56 inchers along the outside perimeter and this place would kill it. No point in having small TVs on a wall that is 18 feet tall. Will come back here if they upgrade the TVs and realize they can be an awesome sports bar.
What? I can't hear you? Wow we've been to a million places and this place is the LOUDEST ever. Ever. Must have missed the acoustics memo. Umm sound panels anyone?? Install something to absorb the sound here. There are plenty of acoustic engineer companies who can help with this. I seriously think we might have hearing loss. It's not loud energetic, it's loud like omg there are 100 old people around me screaming bc they can't hear each other. Please correct this!!
Food took 40 minutes to come out, during which time, all 6 people at the table had finished their drinks. Someone other than our server threw our food on the table and we all had to eat lunch without drinks. I ordered my burger medium rare, but it came out charred and well done. The fries were perfect, so there was one positive. 30 minutes later, our server threw the check on the table and left.
Their mac and cheese is perfection. I ordered it twice. Loved the venue and the staff. I would come back.
Won't let you bring your coffee in on a Sunday. Going to be here all day spending money, but they have to also get you for that extra dollar. Super lame.
Came here for an after work happy hour on Friday the 13th. 
I absolutely love their fries. They were so good, probably because they were fresh cut fries and not the frozen kind. the drinks were good and pretty well priced for happy hour.
Our bartender was very efficient and very kind.
Never been to the bar before, and I'm glad I did. Great time with friends!
I like this location a lot more then the 1511 Locust Street location. Very spacious mixed crowd where you can see everyone at the bar and plenty of TV's. The menu is very large and they even offer Califlower (instead of macoroni) N' homemade Fondue cheese as a option for those being carb conscious.

I went with the Oysters that normally are not brought in to the establisment until after 4pm but lucked out as they had these early in the day. The Oysters were quite small and not worth the price but I appreciate this bar offers them as a food option.

French Onion Soup - Pretty banging cheese. I have had better French Onion Soups but enjoyed the soup and at $8 a cup that is the max I am willing to pay.

My overall impression of this Misconduct Tavern is it is a great bar to bring friends from out of town if you want to relax and enjoy yourself spending time catching up with a great variety of food options. That being said...it is slightly overpriced but directly adjacent from The Sterling (an extremely nice apartment complex) and if you have money to rent from The Sterling I do not think you will balk at the price points. I hope this bar is around a long time as I do enjoy it however.

There other location is much more dimly lit and too crowded. Only benefit of the locust location is there are many bars you can pop in and out after visiting the locust Misconduct Tavern. The one on JFK is pretty isolated but a few minutes walk and your be back to the bar scene of the city in no time.

As always people SYOY!!
So..I came on a Sunday night, as I was staying at the Sonesta Hotel a few blocks away.  I wanted to have a few drinks, and I pulled up Misconduct Tavern on my Yelp app as it was within walking distance.  They we're not really busy, and I headed up to the bar, and victory!  A few chairs were available.  

I didn't dine here, but the bar area was large, and I found the bartenders to be very friendly, and more importantly, I never had an empty pint.  I will come back to this location the next time I stay downtown.  Only negative is the hostess needs to turn her frown upside down.

Stay thirsty my friends...
Food was great and so was the atmosphere. Wait staff were helpful and on point. Definitely will be back to hang out and watch a game.
The service was not good.  It took about 10 minutes on average to get our drinks.  

Once our food was served, the fried pickles we ordered as an app had entirely too much breading and there was about 8 pickle chips on the plate.  Not enough for the price paid.  

Then our entrees we served.  My burger was severely undersized for $13.  My wife received a breaded chicken sandwich that was completely raw in the middle.  Not just a little pink, but completely raw.  I asked to speak to a manager and the chef came out from the kitchen, told me he was the manager, and we negotiated that we wouldn't pay for any of the food.  When we talked to our waitress about the agreement, we then found out that it wasn't possible because the person who was their boss would not approve of compensating our bill.  I then asked who their boss was and they said the owner.  So clearly, they have a great, well-thought-out chain of command when it goes from the guy in the back making the food claiming he is a manager to the owner of the restaurant.  Probably want to add a few layers to your managerial hierarchy to handle situations where you serve your clientele raw chicken.  

About 30 minutes after we finished our food, they gave us complimentary chicken fingers and fries. Nice gesture, but none of us were hungry and they just went to waste because we didn't eat any of it.  

It was a bad experience and I won't be coming back.
This place is awful! About 20 people in the place. Terrible service. Food sat in window. Waitress never asked how it was. Never asked if we needed another drink. We were going to get dinner, but changed our mind. 

The other Misconduct down the street is MUCH better.
I truly dislike this restaurant. It took a long time to get seated.  Servers walked past me several times and ignored me. Other tables got their food before me when they were seated a while after me. The food was plain and not good.  The fries are soggy and limp.  The server I had was nice.  They automatically add a 20% tip which is ILLEGAL.  Hopefully this crapshoot goes out of business soon and a different restaurant goes in there because the location is nice.
Are used to come to misconduct Tavern all the time and loved it here. They always came through with a reliable good meal. But this time around it felt like I was in a completely different establishment. Do you have change so much in the course of two years. The misconduct Burger is no longer a hand-formed burger. you have no choice on how it's prepared either. It comes out dry and taste like a rubber hockey puck. I asked for salad on the side and they gave me soggy iceberg lettuce. I couldn't even taste the salad. I will say the chicken tenders are good, that has stayed the same.

The atmosphere was pretty uncomfortable. As soon as we walked in the hostess and waiters in the restaurant had on hoodies or jackets. I had to keep my coat on the entire time, as there is no type of heat. I couldn't believe that their doors were still open while operating like this. 

Our server tried to be nice, but a lot of her delivery was very nonchalant. The host didn't seem very welcoming. 
Moral of the story is if you're a restaurant and you want to stay open I understand that it's been hard but if you're going to cut corners choose one out of the three (food quality, cent experience, or electric bill) not all 3.
My boyfriend & I had a late dinner here the day before the 4th and it was a nice experience. Some of the recent reviews almost stopped us from going because of the service complaints. I'm happy to report that our service was EXCELLENT!! Our server Nick was extremely attentive, kind and fast. Ask for him if you go, it'll amplify your visit. The food a was good, we both did burgers his beef mine seafood with a salad. They have a great beer list, our cocktail was weak so I'd skip that next time. Overall the vibe here is cool, and we enjoyed the music. Also the bathroom are gender neutral and clean.
I have to give this place five stars just based on my experience with them all through Covid! They did a wonderful job with the outdoor seating and heat lamps and miraculously stayed open later at night than the other places in center city did!  Although they were frequently out of the beers listed on their menu it was okay just to have someplace to go and connect with friends without having to make a reservation or spend a fortune The chicken tenders are amazing and I like their mixed drinks as well.
Food was terrible, service was OK atmosphere is all you are paying for.
Went on a Wednesday night, they were out of a lot of items on the menu. Especially on the beer list. Food took a little while for all the appetizers we got, it was very bla. No flavor and kind of pricy. Our server was nice but at the end messed up our check. Would't recommend it for food, just atmosphere.
