My fiancé and I dined here with one other couple on a warm Sunday evening. Our friends wanted to bring their pup along and since Mixto has a few outdoor tables, this place was perfect. It was crowded right when we got there, but luckily, our friend had made a reservation so we were given the first open table outside (which was just minutes after we arrived). 

Our waiter was very prompt and took our drink and food orders quickly. I decided to go for a large passion fruit mojito while others at the table got a guava mojito, mango margarita and a beer. When we were served our drinks though, our waiter couldn't tell the passion fruit and guava apart because of how similar they are in color so we ended up just grabbing whichever one we thought might be the flavor we asked for. Honestly, I still have no idea which one I actually ended up drinking, but either way, it was underwhelming. 

After having had a late lunch, I wasn't too hungry and decided to share an entree with my fiancé. He chose the Churrasco Argentino and I tried bites of all that came in the dish which included the skirt steak, rice and veggies. I'm not a huge fan of red meat but I still thought the steak was good. The rice and veggies are what I was most excited for and they were just okay. They both tasted rather bland. Along with the entree, we ordered Madura Relleno - an appetizer with sweet plantain, Cuban beef and mozzarella. I thought this was far better than our entree. If I were to return to Mixto, I would have no problem getting it again. 

All in all, I wouldn't be dragged kicking and screaming into Mixto but it definitely wouldn't be my first choice. If I am to return, I'd try to go from 5-7pm on a week night so I can take advantage of their happy hour deals instead of making it my entire lunch or dinner.
Let's hear it for my 1400th review on yelp.
Well - here it goes...

I just got back from a delicious lunch at Mixto with a good (vegetarian)  friend of mine.  After we each had a stiff, refreshing Classic Mojito each (and I was beginning to feel the buzz). Our friendly - if a little slow- waiter took our orders.

I had the Plato Vegetariano and my friend had a Salad with Avocado added on top.  Both were fresh and excellent.  I asked them to omit the tostones (green plantains) on my platter and sub maduros (sweet plantains) and thus I had an abundance of maduros to share with my friend.

I also gave him some of the Yucca, black beans and 1/4 of the SCRUMPTIOUS white corn arepa.

Wow.  I can not wait to go back.

Why not 5 stars?  A few reasons - in fact I was dithering between 3 & 4 stars.  Service here is, indeed, weird.  Since we arrive just before noon and the place was dead empty our service was better than it could have been - but I imagine at peak times this place is just NUTS.  They do kind-of check you out upon arrival.  The hostess was icy-cold.  Bus person (male) was very nice.

Also some might say that there are not enough vegetarian options - you basically can have salads or the plato - and that's it.  Fortunately I loved the plato - that arepa and the maduros were PERFECT.  It aslo had steamed (bland) veggies, yellow rice and a clump of mixed green salad in a tasty sweet dressing.

The mojios were STRONG and well muddled.  We went back again a few weeks later and had Vanilla and Pasion Fruit mojitos which were, indeed, sweeter but so delicious.  Oh - and the LARGE ($13) really is large.

I can't wait to return.  Again - I'll try for a non peak time. (The weekend madness here is just not for me.)

Oh - and they DON'T take reservations unless it's a party of 5 or more.
MIxto ruined my rehearsal dinner. Yes, ruined it. 

We scheduled our rehearsal dinner here MONTHS in advance. They knew we were coming, there is no excuse for the lack of attention and service we received at Mixto. We went with a set menu, again, we decided on the menu at least 3 months in advance, there should have been very little room for error, however, Mixto completely blew us off and I could never recommend this restuarant for any large groups, or any size group for that matter.

Reasons being:
1) We sat down at 7pm. We did not recieve our appetizers for another hour. Again, we had a set menu- we did not order anything at Mixto, it was all decided in advance. 

2) salads came out no less than 30 minutes after the appetizers were FINISHED, and the dressing came out 15 minutes after the salad. So when they put the dressing down for us to use, we were all done our salads, and realized at that point why they tasted so bad. 

3) The dinner entree came out another hour after, and they completely forgot our mashed potatoes, which my MIL had specifically requested. She had even called in advance to make sure we would get them, they said we would, but we didn't. By the time the food came out, my appetite was completely gone and I didn't eat anything. My diabetic friend had to leave since his blood sugar had dropped. 

I had spoken with ALL of the managers here beforehand, and they were all accomodating at first, but none of them followed through in the execution of our event. I am so disappointed in Mixto, they really dropped the ball on this one. We will never return.
Well, it's true what they say: "Nothing propinks like propinquity."  (Don't pretend like you don't hear this aphorism on a daily basis.)

I first visited Mixto on a trip to Philadelphia a few years back with a dear girlfriend of mine, because it was right around the corner from our hotel.  We were too lazy to do much investigating.  But dining here turned out to be a most fortunate stroke of serendipity, because the food was excellent (vegetarian paella with seitan, say what?!?), the drinks were better (mojitos, what what!), and the atmosphere lively, young, and fun (what now!?).

Fast forward a couple years.  New travel companion -- Moms -- same hotel; making Mixto the obvious choice for a nightcap, because of its propinquity.  We headed over and snagged two seats at the bar, scoring in the process the most charming and personable bartender on duty in Philly that evening, the delightful "B."  Moms had a Presidente beer, I ordered a coconut mojito, and the most role-reversed evening in barfly history was underway.

What started as a simple inquiry as to the ingredients in the coco mo turned into a several hour stint perched on our barstools, getting to know the complicated and storied past of B. and the love of his life, "P.", due to move back home to the Southwest in a few short days.  What should he do?, he wanted to know.  Profess his love?  Ask her to stay?  Keep his mouth shut so that she could take over the family business out west without guilt?  

As Moms and I doled out advice (OK, let's face it: Moms proved way more valuable -- not surprising considering she's counseled two kiddos through matters of the heart for thirty-some-odd years now), B. was busily concocting off-menu cocktails and setting them in front of us.  When I took my first unsuspecting sip of the electric pink beverage in a martini glass he slipped in there, my taste buds were blown.  B. had muddled fresh mixed berries with a freshly crushed jalapeño and rum.  It was *so* spicy, *so* juicy and flavorful, and *so* different.  And B. just kept 'em comin' as Moms guided the poor lad to the inevitable conclusion of his tale: tell the girl you can't live without her and ask her to stay.

I made B. write his name and Facebook profile info down on the receipt we eventually claimed at the end of the evening, so that Moms and I could follow up on his whole intriguing saga...but I'd had one too many Mixed Berry Mojitos to keep adequate track of it.  So, B., if you're reading this -- PM a girl and put us out of our misery.  Inquiring minds need to know how the story of B. and P. ends.

PS - I highly recommend Mixto.
We had a pleasant experience at Mixto during a recent Philadelphia restaurant week. The food portions were plentiful and tasty, the service was pleasant and efficient, the menu prices are very reasonable and the ambiance was inviting.  We also received 10% off with a Yelp check-in. 

The restaurant week menu offered 3-courses (appetizer/salad, entree, and dessert). The courses were standard size portions and not some scaled down restaurant week offerings. 

It seemed like a  lot of food, which it was and that's why we only went with one set of options from the restaurant week menu. We ordered the  Ensalada Islena de Aguacate y Mango, Salmon a la Parrilla, and the Quattro Leche from the Restaurant week menu and a second entree the Arroz con Camarones.  Everything was delicious and we both had leftovers to take home.
Go. Order. Eat. Repeat. Don't overthink a restaurant like this, with its is the ultimate crowd-pleasing menu and too many choices. Mixto is a mix of Cuban, Latin American, and Caribbean cuisine, with nothing but awesome flavors. 

When to go?
- Every day for dinner.
- Every weekday for happy hour 5PM - 7PM.
- Every weekend for breakfast/brunch till 3:30PM.

Who to go with?
- Family. 
- Picky significant other.
- Love.you.no.matter.what friends.

What to drink?
- Mojitos and Margaritas- of course.
- Cafe con Leche.

What to eat?
- Colombian Breakfast
- Mixto Criollo (Breakfast.)
- Trio de Ceviche (Appetizer.)
- Arroz con Pollo Cubano (Dinner.)
- Parillada de Carne ( Personally, I never had it, but my friend seemed to love it, Dinner.)

Be prepared to put some good calories in one delicious sitting. You'll thank me when round-the-table applause start flowing.

Four and half Yelps.
Coming from Miami, I often find myself craving some serious Latin food. I'm talking palomilla with arroz y frijoles, maduros, cafe con leche, yuca, mojitos, ropa vieja, arroz con pollo...where to go in these fair parts? Mixto. 

It's also a great spot for brunch when other weekend heavy weights (Morning Glory, Sabrina's, Honey's) offer too long a wait - you'll likely be seated right away. Expect the standard late-morning options with ethnic flair.

If the robust menu overwhelms you with indecision, go with the Gallo Pinto: eggs, steak, rice, black beans, sweet plantains, fried cheese, and avocado. When you can't pick just one, have it all. Freshly squeezed OJ by itself or in a mimosa and attentive waitstaff with a cute accento. Just don't order the vegetarian frittata - blah blah bland.
This place is a must in the area! #SundayFunday was in full effect when myself and three others stumbled upon this place. For one, the location is great and near a lot of shops, other restaurants, etc. 

From the moment we walked into the door the energy of the staff already had me ready to come back even before the food. The hostess were so pleasant and welcoming. Fast forward to walking up flights of stairs and we were seated after a short wait of 10 minutes. 

Our waiter was just as great. He asked if we had ever been, what brought us to the area and how we heard about the place and of course I had to shout out Yelp. We started our Sunday brunch with drinks all around. I went with the passion fruit mimosa, my bf with a beer and another beer and fresh OJ for the other two in our party. 

The wait for the food I would say was pretty average -- about 30 minutes. I guess, as a little appetizer bread is served for the table and woah that was some of the best carbs I've eaten in a while all in one slice. By the time our entrees came out we all worked up an appetite and you can tell because once the food did come there was no talking only the sound of our utensils maneuvering around our plates.

I went with the Gallo Pinto (Costa Rican breakfast) and myOHmy was it delicious! The dish came with two eggs (over medium for me), white rice mixed with black beans, red and green peppers & onions in a lizano sauce. Served with fried cheese, avocado, sweet plantains and your choice of grilled chicken or breakfast meat (I got the turkey bacon). I have to say my meal was an honest 4/5. 

Everyone else in the party had no complaints also saying their food was just as delicious. 

I will definitely be back here when I'm craving a good brunch and I'm in the area. Service, drinks, food and atmosphere were all GREAT
Why not brave the noisy crowds and slightly intoxicated margarita drinking and guacamole and all other things Spanish food eating peeps to join in the fun of Cinco de Mayo at Mixto.

Chaotic fun with noisy millennials drinking until their heart content at the bar while the 30+ somethings dine at tables trying to talk loudly and hear over the robust noise.

Basket of buttery bread hit the spot until the other dishes arrived. Quenched my thirst on some sparkling water accompanied by a Guava margarita on the rocks. Okay, okay maybe it was 2 Guava margaritas but who is counting, since Uber was driving.  The tastebuds had a hankering for guacamole and chips and added some Mofongo de Camarones. The guy had grilled salmon with sliced yams, zucchini and spinach.

Simply put for food and drink.... tasty without being underwhelming, flavorful, hearty, filling, chewy, tangy and fruity...

Thanks Mixto for allowing an ole fogey to still have fun on Cinco de Mayo....
Most delicious, authentic Columbian food in Philly.

W00T! This place is a keeper!  I finally (thank you Natalia!!) followed a fellow Columbian friend''s advice awhile back and I'm in love with this place now. I was told this is actually the only authentic Columbian food in the area. Tierra Colombiana's owner isn't even Columbian. That place isn't even on same level of awesomeness Mixto's is. 

The atmosphere is lively with latin music playing in the background. There is even an upstairs. The Décor inside offers a much more scenic view than the other aforementioned "Columbian restaurant." Perfect place to impress a date *wink.*

The food is phenomenal relative to what's available in the city. Drinks are fantastic. Highly recommend the original gin mojito or the many type of fruits smoothies. 

We tore apart the following dishes:

EMPANADAS: $5
One of the best I've had so far. Great crunch on the outside and well cooked stuffings inside. A great appetizer to start with.

GUACAMOLE: $10
So refreshing. Served with fried green plantain chips. Amazing combination!

POLLO MAREADO: $20
Served with baked chicken stuffed with shrimp and peppers. I know, it sounds insanely good and it is insanely good! Also topped with a mild ancho chili sauce with shitake mushroom and basils. 

BANDEJA TIPICA: $17
I dreamt of this meal for 5 nights straight. Served with seared top round steak, crispy pork rind, arepa (ground corn dough), avocado, sunny side eggs, rice, beans, maduros (sweet fried plantains), and delicious grilled Colombian chorizo (sausage). The combination of all the meat, fruits, rice, plantains, and beans was truly divine. Portions are also rather generous. But the quality of food is so good you'll finish it.

Service was exceptional. Our server was more than helpful, friendly, and attentive. Well deserving of an extra tip!

Overall, lovely setting, great menu options, fair prices, servers are pleasant, and refreshing mojitos!
After being completely drained from boozy brunch and walking around outside for hours, we decided sangria was in order, and, per Yelp, this was the closest place that had it.  Mixto has some outdoor seating, and the inside is dim, with a huge open window.  We ordered a pitcher ($30) of sangria, thanks to Victoria's wisdom.  

Now, normally I would not write a review having only tried one dish or one drink.  However, once the server realized we were only going to order one pitcher, he became quite distant and we rarely saw him.  Also, the sangria was not good.  I'm not even sure there was any alcohol in the sangria.  I think it was just fruit juice and sparkling water/club soda.

So, I write to warn you.  To warn you that their sangria is awful and if you are not spending tons of money here, the service will be awful too.
The Plato Mixto appetizer platter is incredible. It serves 3 and has arepas, empanadas, crabmeat buñuelos, chorizo, papa rellena, ceviche, tostones, and maduros. I only knew what half of what I actually ate was but most of it was really good.  The beef empanada was incredible - well-seasoned and the pastry shell was light and soft. I would come back just for another empanada. The tostones were also notable - fried and caramelized. I haven't had grilled chorizo this good since I was in Mexico. This is a great option for 3 people for a light dinner as it would be too much if you're planning on having entrees after.

My sister is addicted to the platanitos which was the catalyst for this visit. The platanitos are a must. The crispy plaintains are served with a delicious guacamole. The guac here is just the way I like it - heavy on the avocado and very light on the tomato. Raw tomatoes freak me out.

The bread is really good too. Super soft squares topped with butter. You'll want a second basket of these.

I wish I had the stomach left to have an entree but it was the perfect end to a day of continuous eating in Philly that started with an AYCE continental breakfast at the hotel, cheese steaks for lunch, cupcakes and tea at Naked Chocolate and then a spread of yummy apps at Mixto.  4 feedings in 6 hours. Dig it.
Maybe I am not getting it. This place has a lot of good reviews so I was excited to try it out. But it was just bland all around. 

The decor is trying for a sleek look with warm woods and paintings, this is promptly killed by the seemingly obligatory neon signs for the bar. Our waitress was pleasant and did a good job. She is by far the only reason this place gets a star at all. 

The food was a disappointment from all angles. We ordered 2 apps, the fired plantain which has mozzarella cheese on it. The plantain was fired nicely but the cheese was not melted, it was still cold from the fridge. It did nothing to cut through the sweetness of the plantain or contrast it in any way. There was a sad drizzle of balsamic on the plate but it was so minimal that was just over powered by the sweetness. Melting the cheese & drizzling some of the balsamic on the dish itself would have made a world of difference. The second app was the chicarrones which were said to be ok but could have used more salsa. On to the main course. I ordered the Churrasco Colombiano. This is supposed to be a strip steak with "Colombian Creole" sauce on it. What I got was a huge slab of grilled unseasoned meat. The veggies were over cooked and suffered from the same blandness. The side serving of black beans looked like it was taken directly from a can and heated. Once again I had to add salt and pepper to get some flavor. The yellow rice was ok but on the dry side. Both of my dinner companions complained the same problem of lack of seasoning on anything. So this was a first and last time for me with Mixto.
A friend/fellow yelper and I met for a drunken brunch to celebrate Labor Day.  We started our meal with bloody marys, which were just okay (but not bad enough to stop us from ordering a second round later in the meal).  Next time, I'll probably opt for one of Mixto's many other signature drinks instead.

We started with the platanitos; plantain chips and guacamole.  I like my chips salted, but the plantain chips were nakey so we just threw some salt on top of the guac.  No complaints though.  I order this starter often so I knew what to expect.

For my breakfast, I had huevos rancheros.  My dining companion and I gave a shout out to Monica S. at this point, the resident expert on this dish.  I was given my choice of breakfast meat and I went with chorizo, which ended up being pretty awesome.  Refried beans and some homemade tortilla chips completed the meal.

Shout out to our server, Louis, who was efficient and pleasant, despite our many questions and special requests.
Mofongo/paella were a little above edible and lacking in any sort of flavor. 

Empanadas made without Lardo, get the fudge outta here.

Chicharrones were good but probably anything I get from Mexican friends.

The drinks and company were good but I'd probably only return with the group, not myself.
Went here last night for my friend's birthday party. We were a party of 6 with a reservation and were all excited to try this place out because of all the good things we've heard about the food.  

Ambiance:
The restaurant was dimly lit with votive candles at each table. Noise level was at a minimum.

Food:
Collectively, we ordered the ropa vieja, arroz con pollo cubano, tilapia mango, and montuno de lechon. We also ordered a pitcher of peach sangria to pair our dishes with. The food was amazing! Everyone seemed to enjoy what they ordered. I ordered the ropa vieja, which was tender and juicy and hit all the right notes.

Service:
The service is the reason why I give this place two stars. Our server for the night was a man named Chris who had blonde hair up in a ponytail. The night started off well and ended on a rotten note. Our party of 6 was seated on time, and our food came out in a timely manner. HOWEVER, one of my friend's ordered the montuno de lechon and specifically asked to substitute the yuca out with more maduros because she preferred plantains to yuca. She repeated herself twice and specifically told Chris that she wanted more plantains - NOT the tostones, but "MORE MADUROS." We were all excited to see our food come out on time when, lo and behold, the montuno de lechon arrived with the tostones that my friend did not order. When Chris came back to check on us, my friend told him that she got tostones when she specifically wanted  MORE MADUROS. Not only did he tell her that she did indeed order the tostones, he didn't even attempt to bring her the maduros that she asked for. Instead, he gave her a little spew about how the maduros were actually bananas and the tostones were plantains. If that were the case, he should have let her know that the maduros were bananas BEFORE accepting her order. Then he should've confirmed whether or not she still wanted the maduros instead of putting in her order as tostones and then TELLING HER "you ordered the tostones." After our server walked away without resolving my friend's order mishap, the birthday celebrant was kind enough to switch out her maduros for the tostones. 

The night went on and towards the end of our meal, the staff came out with the surprise birthday cake we got for the birthday girl. They even sang happy birthday to her. Another person in our party asked for a refill on her water before getting the check. When Chris came back with our check, we told them that we are actually from Jefferson and showed our ID badges. He came back with our adjusted bill a few minutes later. As we all gathered our money to pay for our bill, four of us decided to pay with card. When Chris came back to take our payment, we were told that he could only accept two cards max and that there is an ATM right outside. Again, if this policy were true, this should've been brought to our attention at the start of the night since we were clearly a party of 6. Not only did he stop servicing us after he came back with the adjusted bill, my friend who asked for a refill on her water never received it. We suspect it may have had to do with the fact that 20% gratuity was already included in our bill. At that point, we just took our time paying the bill and sat there talking for another 40 minutes before calling it a night.

Overall, my first experience at Mixto was an unpleasant one, which is a shame because the food was delicious! In the end, the food was not enough to offset the horrendous treatment we endured that night.  I will not recommend this place to anyone I know.
My experiences at Mixto have been ... very Mixto.

In other words, uneven.

It can feel like a fun place to go, but to me it's like the white man's version of Latin food. It's bland, even when there's seasoning. The main seasoning seems to be salt, and it's not artfully applied.  The margaritas are wildly unimpressive. The rice and beans are notably bad. Food or booze, there are no real standouts.

A good analogy: wedding food. Nice-enough looking plates you could take or leave.

No question: Mixto has a role to play, and it plays it OK. It's handy for late nights and for entertaining big crowds at reasonable prices. It meets a lot of needs across a wide cross-section of people. It's the kind of place your boss might take the team to celebrate a job well done. 

For this particular person, however, who savors the Latin flavor: it's a big No, gracias.
Mixto only takes reservations for parties of at least 8, so I called to reserve a table for 10. Whoever answered sounded ruthlessly efficient - almost bitchy - which rubbed me the wrong way. Unsure if it was one or more hostesses, but I experienced the same abrupt, unfriendly attitude when calling to adjust my reservation. Thankfully (for everyone involved), whoever confirmed my reservation was cheery! Also, when we arrived, I was worried we were going to lose our table (folks were running late), but Camille (?) offered to hold our table longer.

To celebrate a friend's imminent departure from Philadelphia, we started with Mixto's Tequila Flight ($20), which got us a choice of three glasses of top shelf tequila (they're decent pours!), plaintain chips and homemade salsa. Per our outstanding server's (David) recommendation, we ordered three Sauza Tres Generaciones. The Sauza was smooth, a welcome departure from the regular stuff. Taking the flight solo? Try a few different tequilas unless you like one enough to have it thrice.

Two appetizers formed my meal: the chorizo en vino blanco ($7.25), sausage sauteed in white wine with black olives, green peppers, and onions. I asked for a habanero on the side, and got THREE raw ones. To my taste, I prefer the chorizo at Cuba Libre, but it was still a good effort. For my second plate, I had the Tostones Rellenos con Camarones ($8.50), green plantain cups filled with shrimp and creole sauce. It was filling (plantain isn't exactly light fare), with a tangy sauce. Portion size was large; I should have skipped the chorizo!

I cannot confirm if Mixto's cooking is more authentic than its competitors, but they certainly are on par with Cuban I've had. Recommended for good drinks, a comfortable interior, and satisfyingly solid service.
I'd give this place 5 stars if I weren't afraid that if their rating gets too high on Yelp I won't be able to wander in and get a table anytime I want.  It's my secret neighborhood place with all of the great things that entails: relaxed atmosphere that isn't contrived, a blessed refuge from top-40 pop music raping the eardrums whilst eating, really stiff drinks even if you don't know the bartender, and the price is always right.  Oh, and did I mention that the food you're washing down with those drinks is incredible and also affordable?

Went here for dinner on Friday night with my boyfriend and my brother.  E and I had been here a number of times but it had been at least a year and I had a hankering for some good rice and beans.  We got there around 7:30 and didn't need to wait for a table.  Ordered up a pitcher of mojitos that arrived in short order and daaaang there was some rum in there.  So delicious.  We split the plato mixto appetizer plate, which is definitely a bargain for the amount of food you get but oh boy, don't order unless you have at least 3 hungry people.  Everything was pretty great with two nitpicks:  the beef enchiladas should have had some chopped olive to make them truly authentic (E's mom and grandmother are from Cuba, boy knows his Cuban food), and the fried pork was tough and chewy, the pork belly needed a bit more stewing before they fried it.  The crab enchiladas and chorizo with arepas (make yourself a tasty tiny sandwich from this heavnliness) were the highlights of the app plate.  The entrees here are absurdly cheap, primarily $15-17, and come not only with the assorted sides described on the menu but also a seperate plate of rice and beans.  LOVE.  I got the shredded pork, which was really tasty but could have used a tiny bit more of the braising liquid on the plate.  E got the fried beef, which was also great, a side of yuccathat came out piping hot, and my brother got the ribeye which was enormous.  Everyone really enjoyed their food, no complaints, and there were a TON of leftovers.  I think the total damage was around $125 for a pitcher of mojitos, apps, and entrees.

I'm not waiting another year to come back here, that's for sure.

P.s. If this place sold its sweet corn tamales on their own I'd buy them by the hundreds.
Mixto's, Mixto's, Mixto's, I wanted to thoroughly enjoy my experience but instead it was just ok, not too bad, not too good. The ambience and atmosphere was great but the food was ehh up for discussion lol.

I visited Mixto's during restaurant week and although it was really crowded, the front desk people still continued​ to be really pleasant and attentive. They consistently reassured us that we will have a table shortly. 

The ambience was very nice, their were two levels, nice  hardwood floors and creative paintings on the walls. The waiter was friendly, she even accommodated​ our seats to something more comfortable because the seating can get pretty tight.

I ordered the aroz con pollo and it was a little bland at first but definitely had to add seasonings to spruce it up. My drink was fantastic I had the coconut mojito! I love that they offer huge portions, so when coming to Mixto's definitely bring your appetite or be prepared to take some food home cause you will get your money's worth.

Overall I do think Mixto's is a great experience. I'll go during happy hour cause the drinks are amazing and to also try other items on the menu!
Every time I move, my boyfriend makes me promise first: no more than 5 blocks away from Mixto. This has been our go-to brunch spot for 3 years now, and I can't imagine changing anytime soon.

First, the food.  Mmmm, delicious! Over the years, I've tried pretty much everything on the brunch menu, from the smoked salmon frittata (unique and flavorful) to the orange-spiced eggs (don't know how they do it, but it's awesome), to the Mixto Creole breakfast, which comes with chorizo and homemade cheese. Yummm!

Their Blood Marys are decent; the service is always great, and brunch for two, with coffee and drinks, is less than $50. Plus, this place is huge, so you never have to wait for a seat!

In the summer, they open up the front windows, creating a large, open-air eating area. Try to get one of the tables near the front -- I swear, you'll feel like you're beachside in Havana...
I have never liked Mixto! The first time I went there was around when they first opened, about 3 or 4 years ago. A few friends and I went for brunch. There were a couples downstairs and they immediately asked us to sit upstairs. Ok, no big deal. We get upstairs and we are the only ones up there. Then, service was slow and have of the staff cannot understand english, let alone speak it. The food we ordered for brunch was not so hot and I vowed to never do brunch at Mixto again! 

The second time, I went with one other friend. They immediately asked us to sit upstairs. I said no, i prefer to sit downstairs. After saying that, we received the worst service I have ever received anywhere. We ordered a series of appetizers. Again, the food is nothing to shake a stick at. I again, vowed to never dine here again! That was about two years ago. Now, last night, we give Mixto another shot. Party of three. They now have the ever-annoying outdoor seating. They immediately ask us to sit upstairs. We accept. This time the food came out fine, however, I ordered the crabmeat balls. I can't pronounce the spanish name on the "Ha, you can't read spanish menu". The crabmeat tasted canned and flavorless as if it were over mixed or something. I also had a mango salad with avocado, onions and saffron. I was not impressed. The best part of my meal was the rice I picked from my friend's order. So, in closing, I will never dine at Mixto. I have no idea what people see in this place. Maybe the just want to feel special going to a place that does not have pasta on the menu or chicken fingers, but I was not impressed. The staff, while loaded with rather attractive latin men, were in no way the best display of customer service. 

Now some good. I love the atmosphere. The design of Mixto is great. Usually the case though, a venue has a great designer but the kitchen needs an overhaul or the design sucks or is a work in progress while the kitchen keeps the place afloat. Also, their drinks were ok. Then again, how wrong can you go on margaritas and sangria? My friend suggested they have a variety of sangria options and play that up. 

Final. Go for the drinks, don't get your hopes about the food or the service!
If I was scheduled to work late as a server on a busy New Years Eve, I'd be pissed. I prepared my self for quick, curt service, but experienced the complete opposite. Our waiter was one of the friendliest I've ever had, period. He took the time to explain everything and answer all of our annoying questions. One member of our party spoke no English, so sometimes it took a lot of back and forth to get a point across, and our waiter handled it great. 

There was no long wait for our food, and everything we were served was delicious. Right before The Countdown, everyone at the restaurant received a bunch of cute noisemakers, and we all rang in the new year together. Unfortunately right after the countdown, the staff started to shut the place down and hurry everyone out. We were told about this before hand, so this was expected, but maybe wait a half hour or so next time? Over all a wonderful experience. The place was tastefully decorated for the holiday season, and the architecture of the building is wonderful too. No complaints here.
Mixto is a gayborhood staple in Philly.  It has a lively ambience and the food was great. Looks can be deceiving, though.  During my visit to Mixto, I probably had one of the worst service experiences I've had, and unfortunately after our meal we heard similar experiences from friends.  

We visited later evening on a Saturday night, where the restaurant was full and lively.  We were seated on the first floor fairly quickly and near the open door/windows for a nice, airy dinner.  As we sat, the busboy came over and filled our water glasses.  However, the server was nowhere to be seen...  After about 20 minutes, and 2 or 3 glasses of water, we were greeted by our server. 

More often than not, once a server notices you, things are generally smooth sailing...not this time. It took 20 more minutes for our margaritas to arrive, and another 10-15  minutes after that for our appetizers to arrive. Our server did not check on us. (He was actually cleaning the air ducts with a stick and a towel on the end of the stick, which was thankfully not near our table.) We'd now been seated for about an hour, and only gotten to our appetizers. 

All in all, food was OK. 
House Margaritas not great. 
Service was downright horrendous.  

Let's hope this place gets it together or I won't be back.
Style points baby. Style points....

Great atmosphere, awesome waiter, wonderful mojitos and stellar Cuban delights. 
We were promptly seated on a cold Friday afternoon. Check one.
Waiter brought over our half priced mojitos and some awesome pan fried bread. check two.

my small group ordered a few apps and they were quickly brought out. All were pipping hot and delicious. I really liked the mussels and chorizo. The deep fried pork was pretty top notch too.

My main course meal was Pork Shoulder, rice and pigeon peas, and tostones (fried plantains). It was remarkable. Everything I ate was authentico. Growing up Puerto Rican I know the taste of real Caribbean food. This was it. 

5 stars and they did it with style. Shit, I am surprised the waiter didn't start salsa dancing my fiancee up. I don't think I would've minded.
My wife and I come here all the time. Food is ok but love the ambiance. We stopped by wth our baby one afternoon. It's was around 6pm. We just wanted a quick drink on our way home and because it was nice out and we had a large baby stroller, we were hoping to sit outside. 
The hosted was so rude and said we couldn't sit outside with the baby because there's no room for stroller. Then she said its for entrees only. At the time, there was only one table seated outside, and 7 empty tables. I told her we just wanted a drink and wouldn't be any longer than 20 minutes. 
She said no sorry, we can't seat you. She said sit at the bar or upstairs. How hard would that be with a big stroller!? This versus how easy it would be if we just sat for a drink outside. I could see if they were busy but no one was there. 
Never again we will go there. Nor will we have our work parties there anymore. Horrible service and so rude.
Was invited to meet a friend of my buddys..so we went here. I have heard good reviews about this place. Parking coming from NJ can be tricky. After driving around ridiculous amount times, found one on 11th & Pine St's. The place is divine, it has an upstairs, very warm & inviting inside. Wooden chair rail , classic look to it.As we waited for all parties to join, we went upstairs. Gorgeous inside, sat by window. 
Onto the menu. The coffee was good, the have a full bar, breakfast menu was quite impressive. French toast with fresh berries& mangos, the basket a this great bread was delish!! The staff was personable& helpful. 

Would U go back, probably, but gotta find better parking, it tough in that area!!!.But we did have good time & I also saw fellow Yelper there, Schuyler!! : )
Mixto is probably my favorite of all the Cuban/Caribbean places I've tried in and around the city.  The décor is really nice and makes you feel all vacation-like, which is always a plus... well, sort of.  Vacation-like feelings make me think I'm entitled to drink as many mojitos as if I were actually on vacation, and on a work night.  

The happy hour specials are pretty special indeed.  Mondays and Wednesdays offer $4 regular mojitos (that's half-price!), Tuesdays and Thursdays offer $4 margaritas and Fridays are $2 off any drink.  Bonus--they use Bacardi rum in their regular mojitos, even for the happy hour specials.

When my (intoxicated) group of three sat down for dinner, we each ordered an appetizer--fried calamari, papa rellenas (small potatoes stuffed with ground beef) and platanitos (plantain chips with homemade guacamole).  The general consensus was that the food was good but the calamari was probably the processed frozen kind that you can get anywhere.  I was asked to remove one full star from my review because of this apparently unforgivable offense.  

Luckily, no other stars have to come off because I truly liked everything about my meal and it appeared that my dining companions did also.  After reading Stephanie M.'s review, I got the Ropa Vieja and was not disappointed.  It was really delicious and there was so much on the plate between the meat, plantains, black beans and yellow rice that I actually had leftovers.

We saved no room for dessert but I hope to check that out next time.  I can easily see Mixto becoming one of my favorite spots.
Had dinner reservations I arrived 10min late due to not finding parking I did call & they were very polite to hold out table. Place is very small but well worth it. We sat upstairs which seemed a little louder than downstairs. The food was very good & flavorful. The Empanadas were tasty & I'd definitely order it again. My entrée was pollo mareado. The sauce doesn't really look appetizing but I loved the flavor. It was stuffed with shrimp but only had 2 shrimp in it loaded with peppers & onions though. I'll most definitely be back & would recommend this restaurant. Only thing if you don't find street parking you have 2park in a lot
Dined here on a recommendation with a caveat that their service has gone down the tubes lately, and boy, were my friends not kidding! Overall some of the worst service I have ever had (complete with servers lying about prices to get us to order more and managers saying it was our fault because we should have known better when I brought up this situation). This, coupled with average food with poor presentation, led me to the 2 star rating. Trust me on this, skip it, and go to another one of the dozens of Cuban places in Philly, if thats what you are looking for. 

The full story in case you were wondering: We sat for approx. 15 mins with no service when I finally had to go to the hostess to ask to send someone over. Finally a gentleman comes over, we both order a margarita ($11 each), he asks if we want salt, I said of course, and then he suggests us getting a pitcher because for only $7 more, we can each get 2 drinks instead of 1. Wasn't planning on that, but hey, it was $7 only. We also put in our app with this dude. 30 minutes later (cmon people), our app finally comes out and it looks like a 5 year old plated it. It was the bruschetta and the taste was good. 10 mins after that, for a total of 40 mins after we ordered, the margaritas finally came out. The waitress that we were switched to did visit and say they were backed up, that they only had 1 bartender for a very busy fri eve. I appreciate her keeping us updated. Back to the service. During this wait time, we ordered dinner, which arrived over an hour after we ordered it, yes at this point I started timing things. Thank goodness we at least had our app otherwise I would have had to go to the store on the corner to get a snack while we waited for our food to come out! The food was average at best. I had the shrimp over rice and friend had steak. Then thats when things got even more interesting. We get the bill and see that the pitcher was $38, not the 11+11+7= $29 we had been told by the first dude. We ask, the manager comes over, makes then dude come over, and he proceeds to try to tell us that we ordered Mojitos and that that was $7 more for a pitcher. Umm clearly you asked us about salt so you knew better. This went back and forth. Plus the MANAGER said that we should have known better, than we had more than 1 extra drink each with the pitcher so we should have expected it to be more money than just $7 more. Um I am sorry lady, but 1. thats not my job, and 2. how am I supposed to know because we were pouring into tiny glasses. So besides the server lying to my face, even giving him an out and said, I get it, its busy, you must have made a mistake, he kept on with his mojito story trying to blame us. After 2 hours there, I wish I had my time back. At least we finally got our money back. 

Overall, if you are a business, please dont lie, dont blame me, dont serve food that looks a hot mess, and make good food, and I'll definitely come back. Unfortunately Mixto didn't follow this recipe. Rarely do I write a review like this, with such fire, so you know if I am writing like this, I really mean it. This is even after I let a few days go by, I was that upset. Get it together people! 

To add some positivity to this review, the real MVP of our experience, the water lady! She was on point! My glass was never empty and she was just a sweetheart.
There's a great atmosphere to this place.  Loud, but not too loud.   Fun latin-inspired music and a substantial menu.  It also has that busy, cafe feel that when you walk by the place, you just want to go in.   The drinks looked big and yummy and our mojito did not disappoint.  But the food was another story.  We just ordered a salad and a dessert, and they were a letdown.   The salad was just on the wrong side of fresh and the flavor could be best described as "Saladworks Tuesday 2pm."  Our dessert sounded amazing on the menu but on the plate, it was a scoop of ice cream and a fried banana that looked like something I pick up in my backyard every two weeks (we have two dogs).  So, three stars for the ambience and one star for the food averages out to your less than stellar two star performance.  I might go back again for drinks only...and will probably have a just grand old time thank you.
I crashed a dinner party some friends were having at Mixto a few weeks ago and my initial thought was, when I walked through the door,  "What economic crisis?" This place was completely packed on a Saturday night at 9pm. Overall, I think the food is just so-so, with the exception of the guac, which is stand-out, but the mojitos are some of the best in the city. The bar area is sort of cramped but they seem to be happy to let people hog tables as long as they're ordering pitchers. I think this is a good starting place for a night out; get a few drinks and then move onto the next spot.
Came for happy hour during sips season to try out this Cuban joint and was glad I did! Plenty of bar seating, great service, and beautiful decor. Tilapia tacos were good too- happy hour 4:30-6:30 weekdays with a Sunday time slot too, so be sure to check out this fun joint if you're craving Cuban vibes!
If you're looking for a good happy hour, this place is the place to be. A couple times a week they have mojitos on special, and it's totally worth it to go. Let me also say: I don't like mojitos. Let me clarify: I don't like the traditional mojito. However, this place makes about 298 flavored mojitos that are deeeelicious. They taste super fresh and they don't skimp on the booze. I'm not a huge fan of their entrees, but their fried calamari is great to nosh on while drinking some mojitos. Check it out.
Very good Cuban/Columbian food in Center City.

It is right across the street from my house, so I eat there often.

The food is always fresh and the cocktails are delicious as well.  A very wide array of choices from beef, chicken, seafood, and even veggie dishes offer a choice for even the pickiest eater.

A testament to Mixto is that is pretty much always busy.  The only drawback to this is that the place can occasionally become chaotic and the service tends to lack during these times.

Otherwise, fantastic!
Went to Mixto for drinks and a few apps last Friday and forgot just how much I love this place!

Found a seat at the upstairs bar. I don't think many people know that the upstairs is accessible to anyone, so I tend to always check there first! 

It's always such a challenge choosing a drink here. Everything is pretty good and refreshing. You MUST drink at least one mojito. My top three would be guava, passion fruit, and mango! Be careful though. It's too easy to throw them back like water!

Although their entrees look amazing, I love just picking on a few apps. The guac is always a staple. Comes with plantain chips. Something light! The grilled octopus is a must as well. Such a huge portion and toooooo good. I could even do it as an entree. The empanadas and the sauce that accompanies it is also amazing. I like cheese but beef is good too.

Love this place!
I have a love/hate thing with Mixto.  On the love side:  the food.  Brunch or dinner, every meal has been a heaping plate full of tasty yum-yums.  The space also deserves an honorable mention.  With the doors open in the summertime, it's like a breezy little oasis in the city.

On the hate side:  the staff.  They blatantly size you up when you walk in the door.  If you're dressed for a night out or you're part of an office party (i.e. you seem like the type to spend heavily on overpriced fruity drinks plus appetizers) they'll take good care of you.  If not, or if you get annoyed at their constant up-sell efforts, don't be surprised when your waitress vanishes for good.

I could tell more stories:  the bright fuchsia lipstick stain on my water glass that was met with a shrug (no apology while I was gagging at the mental image of sharing a water with whatever Jersey-ho-creature wears fuchsia lipstick), the hostess who ignored my group for a full minute while she finished her conversation with her friend, our last waitress who didn't ask anyone what side dishes they wanted and just brought out whatever...  It's fun to imagine what Craig LaBan would say about these kinds of issues.  But then again, he'd probably show up in a suit and tie, and get excellent service.
Amazing, great food, great value, I loved it.

My girlfriend and I went and got 3 dishes.

First we split the Shrimp Mofongo. Very tasty, good portion, good size for both of us to split.

for an entree i got the Ropa Vieja. very good. Although I have not been to Cuba yet the dish really reminded of dishes I had throughout Central America.

She had the vegetarian plate which included some huge tostones and some very good arepas

all that plus a ginger ale (with free refills) came to $30. Not bad. I will be back for sure.
I had such a great warm-summer-night-sidewalk-dining experience recently!  The wait was over an hour, but they took my cell phone and I was able to head home for a pre-dinner glass of wine with my dinner date.  

Had the vegetable paella, which was a heaping portion I had to bundle up and take home.  He got the Lomito Pico De Gallo which wasn't a heaping portion, but came out displayed beautifully with fresh grilled pineapple and guacamole. It looked very appetizing and I realized I may have ordered the wrong thing.

The best part by far, though was feeling like I was on vacation someplace warm and someplace more exotic than Philadelphia as we sat outside under the twinkling lights sipping on a pitcher of mojitos.  Lovely evening!
Mixto, Mixto, m'dear, you've created quite the impression on my lovely parents.

I took my parents here for brunch and they really enjoyed the food here. The plantains were so great as usual. I believe I got the Pollo Champignon or something very similar to it.  It was so awesome. Right amount of sauce,  great taste, everything. I was so full and I loved it :)

Buttered bread was great, though I wish the service was a bit faster at this place. We also got mango and guava fruit smoothies which were also great and not too sweet because usually restaurants don't understand the concept of a good-tasting mango (though most places in Philly are really surprising this jaded concept of mine).

Make the place a little less noisy, faster service, and we're good to go!
I am giving Mixto 1 star because of the experience I had yesterday. I went in for about 20 minutes for a quick beer and some empanadas. I sat at the bar and smiled at the bartender and asked if he had a happy hour. Well I guess he was annoyed that his bar was filled with all women who were there for happy hour because he grabs the menu sitting in front of the woman next to me and puts in in front of me with a blank expression. Sorry I am going to order off the HH menu. I wanted a quick bite before an event i was going to. I ordered a beer and chicken empanadas. My bartender, who was the only bartender on that shift had an attitude the whole time I was there. He made me feel uncomfortable. Literally 20 mins later I asked for the check and I put down my credit card and he looks at it and then looked at me and said "there is a $15.00 min on CC" and walked away. WTF??? Really??? Wow....so I just sat there looking astounded by #1 the ATTITUDE and secondly for the bullshit minimum that was not posted anywhere for me to see. I looked at him and shrugged my shoulders and said "well I don't know what to tell you, I don't have cash" and kept the card there. About 5 mins went by and he threw a few looks over at me and he was met with a "too bad" look either take my card or don't get paid kinda attitude at this point. He walks over grabs my card and runs it. He drops off the CC and I smile and say "thank you" and he had no response so I responded with a $0.00 TIP! Big mistake for him because even though my bill was $8.70 I would have left $5-7.00 tip had he not had an ATTITUDE the ENTIRE time I dined with him. Just for that I will not go back. I don't care if he was having a bad day....you're at work, check your baggage at the door. If he was annoyed because he had to wait on women who ordered off a HH menu and not hot guys ordering well too bad. Trust me I wanted hot guys at the bar too! I see that a few other people had a similar experience.....sad that if you don't spend money you get bad service, I wonder if it was the same guy? I thought about going back when he wasn't working but that is too time consuming to schedule. I went to Mixto at Around 4:50 and left 20 mins later on Friday 8/15/14 not sure what his name was nor do I care but I feel sorry for anyone he waits on.
I came here last week for happy hour and am so glad I checked Mixto out!! While the prices for happy hour are a buck or two more than some other places ($6 mixed drinks and $6 apps ($3 beers tho!!)) it is well worth the extra few dollars. The drinks are large in size. I ordered a mojito and was very pleased with the flavor and alcohol content - no skimping and lots of mint!! I also tried several apps: Wings, Empanadas, Nachos, and Chicharrones. All of the food was delicious!! I was very full and satisfied. I will definitely be back here for happy hour again soon and look forward to coming back here to try dinner at some point as well.

The staff here is polite and the bartender was very attentive. With regards to the atmosphere, Mixto is very laid back and not very noisy which I appreciated. There are outdoor seating options too which is nice, but people walk through it since it takes up the both sides of the sidewalk. Overall atmosphere in my opinion is probably 4/5.

Note: Happy hour is only at the bar. I had no trouble getting a seat but I can imagine the space may fill up on some days more than others.
Order the margarita pitcher and you won't leave depraved of an enjoyable dining experience.  If you're going on a date, or even a group, and plan on drinking, it's a much better deal to pay 30 smackaroos for a pitcher (which is fairly sizable), than to each pay for a few individual drinks.

It's a pleasing and warm atmosphere, espesh in the spring and summer months when the weather is nice.  Outdoor seating and tall open windows give a nice breath of fresh air from Pine Street.  It does get a bit cramped in there when it's busy, and I have been bumped more than a few times by servers and fellow diners.  But patience is a virtue, and if you wait long enough, like I've had to for a server to even take my drink order, then you will be rewarded with a delicious meal.  

As far as it being "authentic", I cannot vouch for that entirely, having not had much experience with Columbian and Cuban cuisine.  But my palate and belly were pleased after my meals here.

The empanadas were nice and flaky, and just the right size for an appetizer.  Good deal, too.  The plantains bruschetta and plantains served with guacamole were delish as well.  The plantains are cooked nicely, and not to mush.  The vegetarian platter for an entree was very good.  It's definitely a full plate, encompassing a barrage of different flavors and textures.  There was almost a bit too much going on with this entree - seemed a bit scatterbrained, espesh in appearance - but the flavors are still very nice.  You don't have to be a vegetarian to thoroughly enjoy this plate.
To be fair I haven't been in the past year or more. But across  the board Mixto is a disappointment.

My Cuban better-half and I tried it a couple of times, once alone, once with friends who wanted to go. The food, for latin cuisine, was remarkably bland. Latin food uses simple ingredients and it's all about developing flavors and building on those simple components. Mixto's food was largely flavorless. Like they just squeezed a lime over it and called it 'latin.' The moros (rice cooked with beans) was completely devoid of flavor. 

Only go if you are absolutely desperate for latin food.
I really love Mixto. Been coming here for almost 2 years now consistently. Service is always great and food is fantastic. However, tonight was the exception. I made a late reservation for my 23rd bday because I had class until 8 and many of my friends can only celebrate it tonight. Our reservation was for 9 and kitchen closes at 10. However, we were not the last people there, it was still a full house when my friends and I had left after dinner. 

Anyway, long story short, I had a great time with my friends but the service was horrible, which ruined my experience. I never come to Mixto for my bday and thought it would be a fantastic idea since I love the place. Food (one dish of which she didn't put in correctly but it was still good) and drinks were great. However, my server was a complete B****. She started off really pleasant and nice and all the suddenly after she brought us our pitcher of margaritas, she was just plain RUDE! she didn't answer any of our questions, rushed us to order, didn't even listen to what we had to asked or say. 

Im positive that none of us gave her an attitude because we all work/worked at a restaurant and understand what it's like. I will go back to Mixto and hopefully can write a good review but the server definitely ruined my bday experience there. Thank god the weekend is here and it's time to make it up for my birthday celebration.
I've been here many times over the years for dinner but this was my first time having brunch. The food is delicious. Can I tell you about the best -caramelized -sweet- plantains- and- the- perfectly- fried- cheese -with -black beans and rice-juicy-pork-sausage and two eggs over easy all with a coconut mojito? Oh. I just did. The outside space was sunny and bright and it was the perfect spot to celebrate my 15-year-old receiving her first covid vaccination. Things are looking up in this city. Glad to be here for it.
This place is perfect for Happy Hour Lovers! They actually have real Happy Hour prices $5 for drinks and $5 for appetizers. I met a gf here and we sat at the bar which was not crowded at all (it was a weekday at 5pm). What I loved about it was that we could actually have a conversation without screaming or straining to hear each other. 

We had the caipirinhas which were perfect the bartender did not skimp at all on the liquor. For food we had the pinchos of steak and shrimp each come two to an order they were very tasty and perfectly cooked. We also had the chicken empanadas they were just ok. We also had their wings which were extremely tasty not sure what spices they had on them but they were delicious. If you like spicy food ask for the salsa that comes with the empanadas just delicious and spicy and should be used on everything lol. If you want to catch up with your friends and enjoy some some inexpensive drinks and bites this is your place!
Warning: this review is biased because I dont dig Cuban food. But this place is so close to me it's simply unavoidable. On the plus side, the margharitas and mojitos are magnificent - and they have big, yummy smoothies for when I am too hungover to drink! I have only been able to eat brunch here so far because I just have such a distaste for everything I've tried off the dinner menu...until I discovered the ceviche! It's served with plantain chips and big yummy shrimp. And I spied a nearby seafood platter that looked like it had to be good. So this place is definitely climbing the ladder in my book.
This was the very first restaurant I ate at in Philly while I was doing interviews and living in Chicago.  I loved it when I first ate there, and still do to this day.  I did not move to Philly for the restaurant...but for a man...that's another story :)  

The menu has changed slightly over the years.  Things that have remained consistently good: the delicious warm buttery bread they bring out to you when you arrive; the pork loin (although now they have shredded pork in montuno de lechon) that comes with plantains, beans, rice, a tamale and avocado.  I recently tried the arroz con pollo and loved how perfectly the saffron rice was cooked and how flavorful the combination of olives and chicken were in the dish.  The plaintain chips with guacamole is always a favorite starter.

The decor and ambience is very nice here and the waiters are always very welcoming.  I recently left my purse underneath the table (scatterbrained as always) when we got up to leave, and our waiter came running out after me.  Highly recommended, especially for groups/happy hours and visitors (who knows they may end up living in philly?)
It had been awhile since I have been to Mixto and I am so glad my husband made reservations. Our reservations was at 6:15pm on a Sunday and we were immediately seated. We went with our young daughters which was ok because they are accustomed to go to all sorts of restaurants.

 For a cocktail, I ordered a Pomegranate mojito which was absolutely amazing! It was not too sweet or too sour..just perfection. For the appetizer, my husband ordered tostones brushetta.. So good.

My husband ordered the Tilapia Mango entree and he loved it. He added Moro which is rice and beans. Let me just add we are Dominican so Mixto's menu is very familiar to us and we do know what these entrees are supposed to taste like. Any way, my girls shared Pollo empanizado(breaded chicken) the portion was large enough for two to three children. I ordered/shared Plato Mixto which is a VERY large appetizer..I highly recommend it.. It has a little bit of everything.
For dessert, I ordered the flan de leche and my girls had a chocolate cheesecake... Both were decedent...
Cannot forget service was great, like always! I will be back soon!!
Excelente!

Yummy yummy yummy.  Cuban/Puerto Rican/Caribbean food.  For an entree I had ropa vieja.  It was really good.  A fairly good portion for the price (approx $14).  AND it was infused with flavor.

My mojito was a little pricey...$10!  It was good but I finished it too quickly because it was in a small glass. :(

Atmosphere was fine...but honestly I can't remember the atmosphere because I was enjoying my food so much!

I'm definitelly coming back here again!  I can't wait to try something else!
Went there for Sisters birthday party. Food was good, and when my sister needed batteries for her camera, the staff went out and got her batteries...imagine that!
Mixto has been one of my favorite restaurants for a while.  The ambiance is unique, and romantic.  The decor is open, almost like a stage, wooden floors and pillars, and pretty paintings of flamenco and flowers.

This establishment accommodates all palates and diets....I know this, because I have terrible stomach issues, so I go back and forth with my diet.  Gluten free: you're covered, make sure to tell the staff, though. Herbavores: AMAZING sides and a to die for veggie paella, which is gluten-free and vegetarian/vegan.  They can also prepare it with vegan chorizo, thus no longer making it gluten-free.  Omnivores:  you have got it made, fish of many a variety, poulty,promise you will fall in love with or in Mixto... Great for a first date or out with the fam.

Ps. The mojitos are AMAZING, as is the Cuban bread. Great hours...I'll be outside on the patio this summer....cannot wait!
We actually came for happy hour and mentioned that as we walked in, but we weren't told that until we were seated that happy hour was only at the bar, one level above. By then, we were firmly ensconced in our window side seats, so we decided to just stay put.

We decided to go for the "Plato Mixto", a hefty $26 sampler that came with two each of the following:  Arepas, empanadas, chicharrones, chorizo, shrimp ceviche, tostones, maduros, papa rellena. 

I loved the shrimp ceviche - I could have and would have slurped up every bit of that golden spicy deliciousness.  The chicarrones (fried pork belly) was also quite the delicacy, and nicely meaty without too much fat. Everything else was also quite good. For those with a less fiery taste in spice, note that the salsa and one of the "blanca" / white toppings (on maybe the tostone?) was pretty hot.  Water, water, water!  Gimme a big old glass of water!  I loved it.

Hostess kindly held luggage for my friends while we dined.
I'd like to give 3.5 stars, but am rounding up solely for the "tropical" atmosphere here, which is unlike any nearby restaurant in the surrounding neighborhood.  The numerous palm trees all over the outside seating area is so cool, reminds me of being back in the Caribbean.  The front windows open up really big, so even if you're sitting inside, you still feel like you're outside.  

The food is very good.  The guacamole appetizer was delicious, comes with plantains instead of pita chips which I loved!  The pulled pork dish was amazing, and very large portion.  It had several different sides with it, including some kind of yummy corn substance, almost like a corn mash.  Yumm.  The scallops were also very good, but the pulled pork was better.   There's a huge drink menu, with some of the largest selections of mojitos and margaritas in the city.  The watermelon mojito was my favorite, with fresh watermelon puree mixed in.  The apple one wasn't as good.  Loss of a star for slightly slow service, and expensive drinks ($9-$11 each cocktail), but still a great place to eat, drink, and enjoy the Cuban atmosphere!   I'd recommend happy hour to save loot on the expensive drink prices!
We dropped in to grab some substantial eats after a night of wine-bar hopping.  Not wanting to adhere to the my-entree/your-entree style of dining, we went with the Plato Mixto...which was a good smattering of the best appetizers Mixto had to offer.

Three words describe Mixto's app gems...empanadas...empanadas...empanadas...between the bean emps and the tuna emps, we were in empanada heaven.

The ceviche was OK, if not a bit too "overcooked" (is this a  real ceviche?)

Overall, Mixto felt like an Applebees version of Amada...but it was a great destination for apps and drinks.
Something happened to me in Puerto Rico and now I suddenly love all Latin food. Tried some Pollo Al Limon and opened a whole new world...
Yea yea, we all know about Mixto, why even bother reviewing it? Well guess what folks - they have a new chef and just introduced a new menu! I know, there was nothing wrong with the old menu, and the food was already delicious, but honestly, when's the last time you went? This is like a fresh new start. No worries, many of the classics are still available, but now there are new items to try out as well.

All that being said, we went for some old standbys just to test out the new chef (what can I say, we'll be back soon anyways). We ordered the ceviche (I fucking love ceviche!), paella for one, arroz con pollo and finished with the caramel pecan torte. 


The ceviche has been broken down from the previous tall glass into 3 dishes on a tray. Working from left to right, the trays contained octopus with clams, scallops, and shrimp - marinated in a nice citrusy juice with diced mango and tomatoes, all topped with nacho chip bits for that salty/sweet/crunchy/soft contrast that we all go nuts over. This was the freshest octopus I've had in a long time, and nothing like that chewy crap you sometimes get served at a sushi joint. The clams had a briny taste that came through the citrus nicely, and the scallops amazingly sweet and succulent. On the downside, the shrimp were slightly tough (too much time in the sauce?) and the tomatoes out of season - but who would dare pan such a fantastic ceviche because of mediocre tomato bits!?! Not I.

For fear of losing anyone bothering to read up to this point, I'll keep it short for the rest of the meal. I just get a little worked up when it comes to ceviche (did I mention I fucking love it?). The paella and arroz con pollo are very similar - the paella basically having the same ingredients plus lobster and shellfish. The rice is very flavorful, with the flavors of the chicken, sausage, olives, saffron, and I think wine all blending together for a complex taste that lingers. The mussels and shrimp were good, but the scallops and lobster were a bit overdone. They came with sides of beans (I'm going to steal the black bean recipe online) and fried plantains just like my momma makes, i.e. marvelous.

The torte was decadent and rich, but really unnecessary after the feast we had. It didn't really fit in with the exoticness (did I just make that up?) of the rest of the meal, but that's more of a knock on me for ordering a standard dessert more at home in a diner display case.

All-in-all it was a great time, and we'll be back again soon. Oddly enough, we seam to go more often for brunch than any other meal (Cuban brunch kicks ass!). And as far as I'm concerned, mojitos are an appropriate breakfast cocktail...
Delicious!... I was introduced to this restaurant in 2017.... I can say, they are consistent, fresh, delicious, keeps you wanting more, etc.... great choice for a latin meal... I  totally recomend dining here!... feels like a meal from home away from home.
Much delicious.
So Latin food.
Very wow.

The mofongo con camarones could use a few more shrimp and a bit more creole sauce (which is served on the side). Otherwise it's very tasty and apparently the best and most authentic mofongo you can get in the city. 

The boy went with ropa vieja, a favorite of his growing up in Puerto Rico. (He did explain that it's a Cuban dish, though.) He let me try and I was hooked. The steak is extremely tender and so flavorful!

I got the scallops. I'm a sucker for scallops and wow: I'm in love with Mixto's. The scallops were huge and cooked to absolute perfection, and the sweet corn cream sauce went really well with the scallops and accompanying vegetables. 

This place is amazeballs.
No words can explain how delicious the food here is. get a mojito and empanadas to start and go from there. I've tried about 4 or 5 different items on the menu so far and I loved every taste of it.
All I have to say is that you can order PORK RINDS!!  Oh, and the drinks are good too.  The service was a tad slow but they were nice about it.  I'd definitely go back - the menu was pretty extensive so it's gonna take a number of visits before I try everything.  But I'm up for the challenge.
We had a craving for Cuban food, from our way back from Princeton, back to DC.  I did a search on Yelp and found this restaurant.  I was so glad that we dined here. 

Came here Sunday afternoon for brunch and was glad to see the different South American food being represented here (i.e. Cuban, Costa Rican, Columbian breakfast entrees).  I ordered the Columbian breakfast and my friend got the Cuban breakfast (she is from Cuba).  Home run!  It really hit the spot. 

the mango mimosa was tasty and the ultimate bacon bloody mary, must have been the largest bloody mary I have ever seen!  I took a sip and it was a bit too spicy for my taste.  We barley made a dent into it. 

Now the service.  It was a bit over the top, but the guys were so nice to us.  A+ service.  Our waters were always refilled, was asked couple times if we needed anything, how's the food.  

Highly recommend Mixto when stopping by Philly!
I went here with some friends and after eagerly awaiting my mojito for 15 minutes I realized I temporarily forgotten the difference between a mojito and a margarita.  
I hate mojitos. If you give me in a glass full of liquor and I find leaves it I make you take it back BECAUSE IT FRIKEN HAS LEAVES IN IT
Margaritas I can stand.  If only because they are an Americanized bastardization of a drink that doesn't even exist in Mexico.  This amusement combined with the salt on the rim of the glass equals joy.
But I wasn't getting a margarita.  I was getting a Mojito.  And when it came, I was suprised to see that it was not just alcohol with leaves floating in it, but a proper mixture of delicious looking ingredients.  My tongue agreed with me.  We were off to a good start.
Then bread arrived.  Yummy delicious bread.  My buddy brett was on some crazy alien diet which did allow him to eat bread (Or anything other food that contained... vowels), and so my only competition was Leigh, who was a girl and thus not suited for eating massive quantities of carbs.  I was in heaven.  And I ate many pieces of bread there.  Crispy, delicious,
..Anyways, eventually the ropa vieja came.  And it was incredible. 
I sat back contented and satisfied.  And then I ate a second bowl of bread.  
The end.
Now that i"ve been here twice I suppose I should probably write a review. Mixto is located on a nice stretch of Pine St. On a nice day they open up the restaurant so it feels like you are outside even if you are sitting on the inside, though they do have outside seating. The interior is well decorated, at least from my eye.

I ordered a pollo con arroz dish last time and the pollo campignon this time.  Both times the chicken was cooked well and had a lot of flavor. However, the chicken in the pollo campignon was very tender. The mushroom sauce complimented the chicken very well.  The pollo campignon dish came with squash, rice, and a side of beans. Both times the black beans  came in a separate cup and were slightly soupy. I"m not a big fany of watery beans, but these were cooked just right and had some flavor to them. 

I had flan for dessert this time. Not knowing what to expect I can't comment on whether it was the best flan I'd ever had. The texture was pleasant and the presentation was  well done. 

All in all I had two pretty good meals here for lunch.
Oh mah gawd, the food here is off the muthafukn chains...

I haven't been here in a hot second, but since tearing it up on Sat, I wanna smack myself for not frequenting it more often.  Like every time I'm in Philly.

I satisfied my meat craving with the Bandeja Tipica plate:
- seared top round steak,
- ground beef, 
- crispy pork rind, 
- arepa,
- avocado,
- egg, 
- rice, 
- beans,
- maduros,
- Colombian chorizo.

That was all on one fukn plate!  And it was sooooo savory and deeelish.

Yo, gracias, mi amigos.
This is my second time here i love it.  Me and my friends always go for brunch when we are all together.  The columbian is great its the official big girl meal lol when you wanna stuff ur face or after a night of boozin it up.  The prices are great the service is good the fresh fruit sangria is muy excellente!! There is never wait and the decor and real latin employees really make you feel like ur in columbia.  The prices are great especially if you want a big meal for around 10 bucks.
If you want flavor this is where you want to be!!!
The food on it own deserves 5 stars! The reason for the 4 stars was because of the service--- it wasn't terrible but I was not impressed and it did not match the food.

To start, there is no garage so be prepared to park in the street and pay the meter. 

The atmosphere is nice for a date or an outing with some friend. It's simply lit- a bit snug as far as seating goes but definitely not uncomfortable.

You are served warm toasted bread which is pretty good but was not the bee's knees either. After that ... ALL.UP.HILL. 

The Moro go...Ay Dios Mio you bite in and the consistency and flavors swivel on your palette. The pork was fried perfectly and the sauce complimented it perfectly. 

I ordered the Bandeja tipica. The presentation was appreciated and everything was well seasoned, cooked perfectly and the portions were fair for the price and quality food you were receiving. 

They have an alcohol menu but we did not order drinks. They also offer Latin beverages- I got the apple soda which was delicious as well.

A huge highlight for the table was the hot sauce. My friends loooove spicy. We were expecting a bottle to come out but they have a house made hot sauce that is phenomenal! It is very spicy but lots of flavor. They also have a house made sauce we dipped the fried yuca in that was divine!

Our server was nice and polite but not very engaging. He messed up the check 3 times lol but it was not anything that could not be fixed. Although he was nice and polite I do wish he would have come around to check on the table a bit earlier and more often. He also messed up the order slightly... once again, easily fixed but still noted.

Overall this place is worth adding to your list of places to check out in Philly. The bill was around 80 for 3 entrees and an appetizer so it's really not bad.
Another one for the books!
I've had Mixto bookmarked for a few years now and I finally made it. I made a reservation for two about a week in advance. On the night of our reservation, we were stuck in traffic and were running late. I called to let them know and it was no issue. Once we arrived, we were seated immediately. It's very cozy inside. The ambiance definitely has a Latin American vibe. There's sort of two and a half floors. As soon as you walk in, there are steps leading directly to the second floor. On the main floor, there is a bar section that is roughly half a flight up.

We started with some drinks and an appetizer. My wife ordered a mango mojito, which she really enjoyed. I ordered the Mixto Passion, which from what I recall contained passion fruit juice, rum, Alize and one or two other ingredients. It was good, but I was disappointed at how small it was. 

For an appetizer, we went with beef empanadas. I love empanadas and Mixto makes delicious empanadas. For our main entree, I ordered Borrego, which is grilled lamb chops on top of risotto with asparagus, mushrooms, artichokes and parmesan cheese and topped with a delicious red wine reduction sauce. My wife ordered Chuletas de Cerdo, which was two pan-seared pork chops sauteed with tomatoes and onion. It was served with traditional yellow rice and beans. Both of our meals were delicious. 

The only damper on the night was our wait time between our appetizer and our entrees. Our server, Rich, informed us that there was a party on the second floor, which is why our entrees took much longer than normal to be brought to us. At one point, I started to get a little annoyed, but having our food finally brought to us and the fact that everything was so delicious made up for it. 

Overall, I would definitely dine at Mixto again. Great food! Hopefully, we won't have to wait as long and I'll make sure to get an alcoholic beverage in an adult-sized glass.
My girlfriends wanted margaritas, so off to Mixto we went! Their happy hour was awesome, all of the food was really good (especially the guacamole). The birthday girl was very happy with her gigantic margarita ($10- regular price). I had a house on the rocks marg for $5 and it was great! It tasted fresh, unlike some in the city which have that awful funky sugary taste. The other friends were pleased that there were flavored margaritas (not my style). The restaurant is much bigger than I thought, two floors plus outside seating. I would definitely come back for dinner, because everyone's entrees around us looked really delicious.
I went with my mom to Mixto, who is 100% Colombian and my boyfriend that is 100% American and we all loved it!! We got the empanadas for the appetizers which were delicious and for the entrees we got the "Bandeja Tipica" and the "Ropa Vieja." Great portions, delicious flavor and reasonable prices!! When a Native Colombian says its better than the Colombian food back home, it has got to be GOOD!
I went to Mixto with my bf and his family after a very long, hot day on a Friday. Luckily, we were early enough (around 6-ish) that while the downstairs area was pretty crowded they were able to easily seat us upstairs; however, as our meal progressed the place filled up, mostly with people in the 20's and 30's. At that point, I could easily determine this place's personality, and unfortunately for me its not something I enjoyed.

The menu is very VERY meat heavy, with extremely limited vegetarian selections, but luckily for me they also have a number of seafood dishes. However, the price of the dishes does not reflect the quality of the food. These are dishes I could make myself in about 30 minutes, food prep AND cook time. The dishes at least are LARGE, probably better to share if you're a girl like me; manly men could probably finish off the entrees easily enough, although the entrees seem to be primarily the rice and beans that accompany every dish. I got the Ensalada Mixta with sauteed shrimp - not very many shrimp, but boy was that salad huge. And not that great. Neither, from the looks of it, were the other dishes we ordered. It was just okay, and for prices like that I'd like a little better than 'okay.'

But its clear from the other patrons there that the draw of this place are the drinks. Mixto seems like a good place for a group of friends to sit, drink, joke and share the massive dishes - being too buzzed to care at the quality of the food consumed. So, if that sort of place is your thing, you'll probably love Mixto. For me and my bf's family, when we decide to eat out we want food that we wouldn't normally prepare, and we want it to taste like effort went into it.
Atmosphere was great -- a little loud for my tastes it was hard to hear my friends across the table if they were not sitting next to me

The food was delicious and accounts for 3 of the 4 stars.... We thought that they had great variety on the menu for all tastes... I mean they had Caesar Salad at a CUBAN/COLOMBIAN restaurant!

Only draw back was that it was super slow because there were lots of larger parties so our food was a little delayed getting to the table.

I must say that the Guacamole was delicious with the plantain chips! Don't miss it! And the Mojitos were great as well...
Never have I ever been more conflicted about writing a review on Yelp. As you'll find several reviews on here saying similar, I'm not the only one that found that while the food at Mixto is amazing, the service is relatively lackluster. It is very sad that this is the case, because with higher caliber service, I'd probably want to go here once a week or more. Now I feel like the only thing I'd really want to do is takeout.

First, the food: Probably some of the best food I've eaten in Philly, or pretty much anywhere in recent memory. It was really that good. Out of five stars, it's probably a six. I shared the ceviche trio appetizer with my husband, as well as the lomo saltado for a main dish. Both were delicious and flavorful. I loved the three different varieties of ceviche, but my favorite was probably the tuna with pineapple. The lomo saltado had the most wonderfully tender and juicy steak, and the sauce was just amazing. So amazing I almost wanted to pick the plate up and lick it at the end of the meal (but I refrained). They also have a really good house made hot sauce / salsa, which was quite spicy!

Service wise, everything took FOREVER. No one, at any point, made any notice of empty drinks and asked us if we wanted more. We asked for more bread, but it never came. We were absolutely rushed to finish our appetizer so the plate could be taken away, which we assumed meant our main course was coming out - but once we wolfed it down and the plate was gone, we waited another ten minutes for the main course. After we finished that and the plates were taken away, we literally waited at least fifteen minutes until our server showed up again. By that time we had resolved we wouldn't even ask for a dessert menu, lest he disappear again. Unfortunately for us, he came only to drop off dessert menus, and was gone before we could even say anything. Then we waited another ten minutes for him to return, only to say we wanted the check. I tried to put my card in the folder immediately so we wouldn't have to wait more, but he wouldn't take it, and assured that he'd be right back. Another fifteen minutes of waiting. So. Extremely. Frustrating.
My first 5 star rating! Alright. Let me put this plainly: Mixto has the best cuban/spanish/mexican whatever you want to call it food in Center City I've found so far. The environment is gorgeous and relaxing and the food. Oh my word the food. Big and delicious! Everything I've had is absolutely to die for. My favorite time to go is for brunch.  They have this platter with pancakes and chorizo (which is heavenly!!!! MUST TRY) and eggs, etc. And the coffee is sooo amazing. My mom says it's the best she's ever had! And we've been all over the world! It's wild, man. The service is excellent as well. I have nothing bad to say about this place. It's airy and I can't wait for the summer time when they open those huge window doors they have!
I came here with a couple friends for Sunday brunch. We were seated immediately and our food came very quick. I ordered the Colombian breakfast - sooo delicious! The steak was so juicy and tasty. The arepa was buttery and soft. The maduros were so sweet, just the way they should be! The eggs were good too. Overall the food was wonderful and the service was good too! I'll definitely be back.
I've been enjoying some time Philadelphia and have been trying the various eats in this town.  Mixto is a thumbs up!  The ambiance is seductive with its warm exposed brick walls and floor to ceiling windows.  The second floor looks down on to Pine Street where more patrons are gratifying their appetites on the sidewalk seating space.  If you like Latin fare, you'll especially appreciate this menu and its options.  The dishes are very appeasing to the palate!  The mojitos were delicious, and the after dinner coffee was delightful.  Good service in a friendly atmosphere.  Buen Provecho!
after hearing many good things about this place, i was really looking forward to trying it. we sat outside (right up against the street. gross view, but it was such a nice night and the chairs were so comfy, i barely noticed the less-than-scenic street)

heard lots of hype about the drinks, so i ordered some sort of rum punch which was just too much for me. our server was totally nice about it and i got a mojito instead. muuuch better. we started with the plato mixto which was enormous and included every possible appetizer cuba is known for. it was delicious. i didn't even come close to eating my share bc i wanted to save room for my entree. i looooved the rope vieja here. it was beyond delicious. i dont remember what my boyfriend ordered, but my choice was the clear winner. the service was great and the meal was delicious. wish i had saved room for dessert, but no worries.. i'll def be back!
Let me preface this review by saying I have been to this restaurant about 6x for various occasions; drinks on a Sat, happy hour, large group dinner etc. All of those times I walked out thinking this was my favorite restaurant in philly. Yesterday I visited and I did not walk out with that same thought, in fact I'm not sure if I would like to return. On this occasion the food was ok and my overall dining experience was just alright. My chair was so close to another patron's that throughout the evening we both were hitting each other's chair or body with our hands. This was the first time I ate upstairs among the regular guests. We ordered a passion fruit capriniah. It was pretty strong and didn't taste much like passion fruit but I've had a long week so I was happy for the strong albeit not very tasty drink. The thing that really bugged me is that we had payed for our check, were still sitting down finishing our drinks and chatting and the hostess came up to us pretty much kicking us from our table because they needed it for another party. A few minutes later the waiter came over and repeated the same thing. I thought this was pretty rude and poor customer service and maybe that's dining culture in America, but I was a bit turned off. Of course they said is nicely and apologetically but eh. I've dined in places around the world that were equally as busy including here in America and never have I actually been rushed that way. So with all of that being said I MIGHT return for happy hour...at the bar. Because a dining experience at a table in the main area, no thanks.
The wife and I visited Mixto on Sunday for dinner. We have had drinks and bar bites here previously and enjoyed the restaurant. The venue is decorated beautifully with paintings and decor highlighting the Latin culture. We made reservations for 6:30 but arrived early to enjoy some drinks at the bar. Love that their happy hour is available Sunday. The bartender was swamped having to make drinks for the tables and take care of the bar orders. We observed that he was working alone and remained patient. Once he took our order the drinks were made quickly and were delicious. We enjoyed some bottles Dos Equis light and dark, caipirinhas and margaritas. At 6:30 we left to be seated for dinner. We sat in the upstairs dining area. Our waitress Maria came over took our drink order and gave us time to order. We started with the Calamares Fritos. 
When the calamari was brought to our table I thought it looked overcooked. The breading reminded me of deep fried chicken . I was pleasantly surprised to find it was not over cooked! It was light cooked to perfection and served with a tasty marinara...  I chose the Bandeja Tipica Seared top round steak, ground beef, crispy pork rind, arepa, avocado, egg, rice, beans, maduros and Colombian chorizo. The missus ordered the Paella Valenciana Saffron broth, rice, whole lobster, chicken, shrimp, squid, octopus, mussels, Cuban sausage scallops, green peas, fava beans, clams, maduros. We also had black beans and pinto beans on the side. My rice in my dish was mixed with black beans, one of the things you can customize and I ordered my egg sunny side up.
My dish was Amazing! The steak was so tender and delicious. The ground beef was more like chopped brisket and was yummy. I pulled the crispy pork rind apart and enjoyed the fatty portion and then the meaty part. I mixed the egg in with rice YUM! The maduros were soft and sweet. I was stuffed and didn't make it to my chorizo. I did have a piece out of my wife's dish and it was good. My wife thoroughly enjoyed her meal. She said everything was cooked to perfection nothing was over or undercooked and it was all seasoned well and very tasty. The portions were definitely enough for two.  To her delight she has enough leftover for lunch. She did experience a few pieces of shell in some bites. 
So glad we finally experienced dinner!
My parents, sister and I ate here during their recent visit to the city and we were all completely blown away by the food.  I don't know or really care how authentic this place is - who really cares when everything is so delicious?  I didn't get to try any of their famous cocktails but hopefully I'll return for happy hour sometime soon!
I love Mixto! It is the perfect cute little restaurant for a date or a friend lunch/dinner/brunch. I always get the vegetarian platter with chicken, and it is the best because it has a bit of everything. I also really like their brunches, especially because it is not crowded. I would highly recommend trying this place if you've never been to experience a true, laid back, authentic, unhyped up Philly restaurant.

Now I'm craving plantains...=(

PS. The happy hour with $5 Mojitos is awesome!
I just can't in good conscience recommend this place to a friend anymore. Their food has gone down hill in a big way, and the last time we came here I felt like I was at a Chili's.

First off, the margaritas and mojitos here are awful. Super sweet syrupy mix-based travesties. Cuba would be ashamed of this. 

The food... oy. My boyfriend is Cuban and we've eaten some amazing Cuban food in Miami together. I also make some pretty awesome Cuban food at home. The food here is NOT Cuban food. There is almost nothing authentic about this place. The app sampler this time around was pretty disappointing. They changed their croqueta recipe, which are probably my favourite Cuban food, and they are terrible. Like deep-fried bechamel, no texture inside, practically no ham. The arepas are still OK, empanadas are nothing special and they don't have picadillo or a decent ham and cheese, the two most common types in Cuban cuisine. I was unimpressed with them overall.

For the entree I got a stuffed chicken dish, which in retrospect was an extremely poor choice. It came with a questionable-sounding combination of a shitake and basil sauce. It tasted as questionable as it sounded. The whole thing managed to be bland and busy. A request for hot sauce yielded a house-made item that was hot, but more like a spicy pico de gallo than a hot sauce. It did help liven things up enough to eat some of the chicken, however. The rice and beans became my main event, and they were standard. I stole some bites of E's vaca frita, and it was pretty tasty, but he said the orange mojo that came with it was overpoweringly citrusy.

This place is good for huge groups of girls starting a night on the town. I can't think of anything else I'd recommend it for. The space is large and lively, very loud on a weekend, and in the summer they open the windows which is nice.
Opted to have a birthday brunch here this yr. I used Open Table to make a reservation for 12 a couple weeks in advance. Some of us took patco and arrived early. We were warmly greeted and encouraged to have a seat at the bar to wait for the rest of the guests.

The decor is warm colors, an array of painting, brick and wood interior. I'm not sure if the name has any real significance or if there is a Cuban/Carribean vibe per se. 

We were seated at tables along the front windows. Reportedly it was a bit chilly. Our waiter patiently gave us some time to figure out our orders and make introductions. 

On to the important part: brunch! I have never seen apple cinnamon croissant french toast offered on a menu. If someone were to ask whether to give it a shot, I would reply with a resounding YES. This dish is amazing and comes out with cinnamon apple slices, a mound of apple cream cheese, syrup, and blueberries & strawberries scattered around the plate's edge. I tell you it is magnificent, and not overly sweet in the least. Coffee drinks come in adorable short, big white mugs. My cafe mocha was heartwarming.

Most people seemed happy with their meals. The chicken sandwich was nothing special, and a friend who ordered the pancake brunch was unimpressed with his 2 medium pancakes. Portion size is not what most people might expect at Mixto; it is smaller. I did get to taste the salmon frittata, which was very good.

Our waiter/servers were a bit odd. I would wager english wasn't their first language, and they sort of hovered but were not around when you would expect. This detracted not at all from an awesome brunch, though, and I would not need persuading to return.
Great things about this place:
-The ceviche!  I got the shrimp one, and was NOT disappointed.
-They just keep the water coming, which is a huge plus in my book.
-My meal.  I got Ropa Vieja, which was delicious and exactly what I had in mind.  Also, the platanos maduros were cooked to perfection.
-The perfect blend of Mexican and Caribbean foods.  Two of my favorites, and two of the foods I feel entitled to be a snob about.
-The decor.  It was so fresh and not at all overdone.  And there's stained glass on the ceiling!  (Which I know sounds overdone, but still.)

Okay things about this place:
-My server's timing.  He asked how my food was before I could even take a bite.
-The host's communication.  She spoke in a mumble and then answered the phone, so I was unable to take her direction to go upstairs until another host told me what to do.

Bad things about this place:
They wouldn't have a 5 star review if there was something bad about my experience, now would they?
Here you can- dine, lunch, brunch, happy hour, sit at the bar, meetup with friends, family, a  date, or dine solo.  Very limited Al fresco seating is available during the warmer months.  

This is the little sister restaurant to the big sister restaurant Tierra Colombiana! This is Tierra Colombiana's Center City concept restaurant in Philly's fun Gayborhood! Expect Latin Creole known as Criolla dishes next to Peruvian, Cuban and Colombian classics and inspired dishes. 


My ratings are based on a scale of 1 to 5 stars, where 1 is tragic and 5 is Ouuww terrific! 
Overall ratings-  4.5 stars
Customer service- 5 stars
Cleanliness- 4.5 stars
Food taste- 4.5 stars
Food portions- 5 stars
Drinks- 5 stars Ouwwww
Ambiance- 4.5 stars inside 5 stars outside. Outside is less noisy and more intimate/  romantic yet great people watching periodically.
Decor- 4 stars. Typically South American but just a tad gimmicky.

GET THE MOJITOS- you're welcome!
We go to Mixto a lot, mostly because our out of town friends find it exciting and fun.   And they have wonderful, brisk summer drinks; Mixto makes a great place to start a night on the town.

Food at Mixto can be hit or miss.  Their pork and choirzo is definitely good, but the chicken and seafood can be rather bland.   Appetizers are a good mix and worth getting a few to share - try the chicharrones (crispy pork) and ceviche (fish salad).  The empendas are tasteless and dry, so stick with the salads and other fresh choices.

I was disappointed with their brunch.   It was the standard egg choices, poorly executed.

Drinks are excellent, including of course the mojitos and Caipirinhas.  For brunch, the bloody marys are among the best in the city.
I definitely am a bit confused by the high marks Mixto gets. It's a bad place but the food was pretty bland and felt haphazardly put together. 

Starting off, we were given what I can only describe as homemade mini-grilled cheeses, made from stale Wonder Bread and string cheese.  

Our actual entrees were not really any better:

- Tostadas Rancheras: Not necessarily bad but the egg scramble was dry. I was with a friend who's been here before and she mentioned that in the past they've used over-easy eggs instead. Please go back to that! I didn't eat the chorizo but it had a bit of a kick to it! 

- Breakfast Burrito: huge portion and I will say that I appreciated the chunks of avocado!

Someone in our party ordered the Chicken Noodle soup and honestly that looked like the best option on our table!
Now this is a restaurant I can feel good about giving my business to.  The service was attentive and friendly and both the taste and value of the dishes we ordered were phenomenal.

My dining partner (fellow Yelper Nate C.) and I ordered the Shrimp Mofongo appetizer to share, which on it's own was large enough that it could have served as one persons entree.  It was delicious.  The delicate flavors of the shrimp and mashed green plantain were not lost in the creole styled sauce which perfectly complemented, rather than overpowered the flavors.

Our tasting pleasures continued when our entrees arrived.  We ordered the Ropa Vieja and the Plato Vegetariano.  Nate said the Ropa Viejo was very traditional with flavors similar to ones we encountered in Mexico and Central America.  My Vegetarian Platter was large and did not dissappoint.  Featuring sauteed baby vegetable, a mixed greens salad, tostones, platano maduros, yuca, arepas, and deliciously seasoned rice and beans, I was stuffed to the gills before long.  I packed up my leftovers and enjoyed the wonderful flavors of Mixto later that night.

The decor is subtle and mature in dark chestnut and tile, as well as well chosen framed artwork featuring scenes inspired from the beautiful lands the food is derived from.  No flashy sombrero's here.

Highly recommended.
I returned to Mixto on Sunday, September 11th for brunch at about 10:10am with a party of four people.   I have been to Mixto probably about 20-25 times in my life and have almost always had 4-5 star experiences, until today.

The only reason they are getting two stars instead of one on today's experience, is because the manager attempted to remedy the problem.  

We arrived at about 10:10am with a party of four.   We told the hostess (who happened to be our server) that we would have a fifth person joining us in about 15 minutes.  She placed us at a table for four, with plenty of room for an extra chair on the end when our fifth person arrived. 

We ordered our food and found the food to be good, as it usually is; however, despite asking twice, we never received any bread during our meal, saying it was "being baked".  Other tables around us started receiving it at about 11:00am, once we were finishing up our meal.

The worst part came around 10:35AM when the fifth person arrived.   We had just received our food at this time, so it was perfect timing.  

I went to the hostess stand and asked for an extra chair, and she curtly told us that it would not be allowed.  I explained to her that our server told us it would be allowed, and she said "she made a mistake.  It would be a fire hazard and leave no room for the server to get by".  This, of course, was not true.  She told us she could move us to a table upstairs if we wanted.  I told her it would be an inconvenience to move all of our food, drinks and table settings upstairs.  She said that there was nothing she could do.  (There were two females at the hostess stand at this time).  I looked around for our server during the course of this three minute interaction; however, could not locate her.  I asked if I could speak to a manager, and she said the manager was busy.   At this point, my fifth guest left very upset.   I was also shocked at the level of ridiculousness that this hostess provided.

About 5 minutes after this, I saw the manager standing by the bar and went to speak to him..  He listened and supposedly went and talked to the server, who came by again and told me that it wouldn't had been a problem at all.  The manager came by at the end of our meal and provided us with 4 mimosas on the house.  That was a kind gesture; however, sadly did not make up for the ridiculous hostess comments of not allowing our fifth guest to join, when we were told it would not be a problem initially.  

A sad experience, and I would definitely rethink Mixto again after this experience.
I love Latin American food and had never been to Mixto so me and two friends decided to have brunch here. 

The 3 stars was for the service we received. We were seated upstairs, which was fine with us. We were brought water immediately, but the whole rest of our time we were left waiting for long periods of time with no explanation as to why. There were hardly any people upstairs with us (downstairs could have been a lot busier, but again we never had any explanation as to why we were left waiting) and it took them 20 minutes just to have them run my friend's credit card (they had brought the bill and we gave them his credit card and then it took them 20 minutes to bring it back to us).

While the service was a disappointment, we were all happy with our food and drinks. I got the gallo pinto and my two friends made their own omelettes. We each had a mimosa and I had a cortadito. 

Over all experience was ok. The food was a fancier version of Tierra Colombiana, with smaller portions and a higher price tag. If I can't make it up to North Philly for Tierra Colombiana then Mixto will satisfy the craving, but again, higher price tag & smaller portions for the same thing just at a different location.
We came here for Sunday brunch and sat on their adorable sidewalk patio, perfect for people-watching.  

As the friendly bartender suggested, do NOT get the "American Breakfast" because WHY WOULD YOU??? You're at an authentic Latin-American restaurant, get something inspired by Latin-American cuisine!

I had the Ecuadorian Breakfast.  Everything was delicious but don't ask me what was in it because I still have no idea.  That is sort of the charm of the menu - I had to google some of the words because I had never seen them before.  But take the chance and order something that you never would otherwise- it's worth it!!
This place would have been 5 stars if they had their seating process in order. We arrived 20 minutes early so we said we would wait in the bar and grab a drink. The bar is ridiculously small and not a good space for anyone with more than a party of 2. They had 2 regularly seated tables up there too so we were in the way the entire time. Our reservation time rolled around and our table still wasn't ready. The hostess told is to continue standing in the cramped bar area. 20 min after our reservation time, we were seated. 

After the hostess finally got it together, service was smooth from there. Our server greeted us right away and got our drinks within minutes. He was extremely friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. Our glasses were never empty. Between our table we ordered multiple apps and entrees. I personally had the guacamole which I was really fresh and delicious. I also orders the ropa vieja which was plenty of food and very delicious. The rest of the people in our party really enjoyed their food too. 

I would definitely return for a fun night out!
Lovely sangria, the pork was cooked well, i thought the rice could have been a bit better and the beans and some of the other sides seemed under-seasoned. The guacamole was divine.
Who doesn't like being welcomed by sparkly lights outside?  You cannot miss this restaurant since it is lighted up by the gorgeous Christmas lights outside.  Once we walked in, the hostess was kid enough to seat us at the bar since we did not have a reservation.  The bartender was busy, but went in the correct order of arriving customers and before no time gave us some recommendations for drinks.  

For two, we ordered a pitcher of the mango margaritas.  The bartender was kind of enough to suggest getting "on the rocks" instead of "frozen" margaritas since the frozen margaritas "have cheaper tequila" and he was only "helping the hangover for tomorrow", which we appreciated greatly.  The mango margaritas had a tinge of sweetness, which matched perfectly with our light food order.  We also ordered the guacamole and fried plantains appetizer, which was a little small but good for sharing if you already had a late lunch.  

Overall, the ambience was fun and trendy and definitely a great place to bring friends to catch up on.  I will definitely be back!
Mixto has GREAT food and GREAT drinks.  The happy hour deals are also absolutely wonderful. I really love the drinks - the bars both upstairs and downstairs are fun to hang out in / drink at.  The mojito's are great, happy hour or full priced! The food is well flavored, and tastes amazing.  I really love their guacamole with plantain chips and all of my friends have loved their beef.  Being spacious, it's also a great, relaxing place to go and not have to worry about getting a table.  Definitely recommended.
There were a few hiccups in service, but overall we had an excellent brunch at Mixto.  Being able to make a reservation for 10 on open table is so fetch.  I had the Colombian frittata.  It was different and tasty.  I really liked the chorizo and the homemade hot sauce.  The menu said it came with a choice of different potatoes so I asked for home fries with it, but I ended up with home fries on the side plus an extra plate of home fries.  Not really a big deal, but I will be more specific next time.  Paid around $25 including a mimosa, tax, and tip.  I wouldn't rush back, but definitely a good place to go if you have a big group.
I decided to upgrade my review on Mixto.  And I don't give out 5 stars haphazardly.  This was a great dining experience.  I've been coming to Mixto since if opened eight years ago.  Yes, there were some growing pains, but the management has endeavored to make improvements which have made the place more endearing and wonderful.  

First, the entry.  I don't make lines at restaurants, period.  If someone tells me that I have to stand for an hour to wait for a table, they can go to hell.  And lose me for ever.  Some of the popular places in Philadelphia, even more in DC, and just about all at Snowshoe Mountain think that this is good marketing.  Treat the masses to wait an hour wait and watch them salivate until the coveted table appears.  Baloney.  Well, Mixto has a great system even for a busy night.  You call them ahead and they tell you the expected wait time for a table.  So you put your name on the wait list while on the way to the restaurant and when you get there, your table is there ready.  We sat down al fresco immediately.  On a tres busy Saturday evening in the middle of restaurant rush hour.  Awesome...

Al fresco seating at Mixto has undergone a significant improvement.  I remember years and years ago when their seating was just a couple of squeaky tables open to the rain and the elements.  Now it's two rows of seating on the sidewalk with awesome patio umbrellas, string lighting decor and the works.   With its wonderful location in the middle of the Gayborhood, Mixto has a lot to offer to al fresco diners, and people watching in the middle of a great historical neighborhood is one of them.  

We began our faire with a pitcher of Caipirinhas and savored a glass while we waited for the Appetizer Mixto plate, a dinner in itself.  This is a foot-and a half-long tray with croquetas, tostones, chicharrones, arepas, and other assorted Cuban and Colombian treats.  Then we had our entrees, my partner had the pork chop a la Tropical and I had the Seafood Paella.  Both were outstanding.  The paella is a combined dinner in itself so it doesn't need any side dishes.   The pork came with rice, beans and a side of plátano maduros, my fav.  Meanwhile, the neighborhood/gayborhood was in full swing, with people all over, dogs, cars, you name it.  It was a wonderful experience....

We'll be back again... and again...
DOUBLE-X BLACKLIST. Kitchen retribution; served me back the same dead, cold food to me that I had just returned to them, thinking i wouldn't notice. Or maybe they hoped I would! GODDAMIT! FIRE THEM ALL!

+ great spot for alcoholic drinks, or coffee served by the bowlful. 
+ veuve cliquot yellow label champagne, but our server, cute as a doll, had no idea what it was or how to serve it
+ did I mention the model-level attractive male server staff?!
(I do try to find something positive to say)

AMBIANCE
- reserve in advance and secure one of the 4 window tables, else you're in the dark dungeon that's the rest of this place. Oh, maybe that's what you want! Haha!
+ rustic, exposed brick, hardwood floors
+ eccentric framed artwork adds to the feeling, but
+ Neon martini glass sign on the wall tells it like it is: order to drinks, leave the food

SERVICE
+ host on lower level checks me in and sends me upstairs 
## host on upper level finally returns to his post, only to tell me to wait as he seats another party coming up the stairs 
No, mister velociraptor, keep calm.  
## spends a few minutes chatting with them at their table. Sheesh!

THE DRINKS
# coffee served by the bowlful. Yeah I get it. It's generous, but I have to drink it really fast or it will get cold. Just get your focking act together and come and refill a normal sized cup when it's empty. 
Oh wait, maybe it's a redux of the opening scene of "so I married an axe murderer"
+ I'll have the yellow label. 
# hehe. He comes back and asks me to tell him again
+ oh, I meant the veuve cliquot. 
# comes back again, sorry, what?!
## this one, pointing on the menu. 
No, mister velociraptor, keep calm. 
+ aha ! It arrives, but
### he is manhandling it like he's in an octagon kickboxing match. no wait, wait!! nooooo!!!
##### BANG! Like a '67 Ghia with a bad muffler. Ugh. 
I can't help myself, I'm at velociraptor level 1. But I keep it to myself. 

THE FOOD
After all, that's what I'm here for, right? Otherwise, please call this the Mixto BAR and brick up the doorway to the kitchen. 
+ menu presents some really cool international breakfast options. I chose the gallo pinto. 
## but the food takes forever, like 40 minutes, and when it does arrive,
### it's dead. It's been sitting on the pass for at least 10 minutes. 
## chicken is rock hard overlooked, cold
## I know it just from trying to cut it and putting the back of my finger against it, 
But my guest waits to taste it so he cuts off a small piece from the end
## rice is cold,
## eggs lukewarm
Velociraptor level 2

THE ESCALATION
## sent it back with cute waiter guy. Is it normal that it is cold, hard and dry?
+ I'll have the American breakfast instead. Eggs over easy. 
## he comes back 2 minutes later with a new plate. 
OH MY FOCKING GAWD
##### it's the same goddam piece of chicken. They turned it over thinking I wouldn't notice, but there at the end is the cut from last time. 
## can I speak to the manager?
Velociraptor level 3. 
### is it normal for the kitchen to serve me the same food I just returned to them?
### no, that's a new piece. 
### I show him the end that had been cut from last time. 
+++ I think he might have just blown a gasket. He immediately took it away. 

Kudos to that manager. He was so apologetic. He tried three times to offer to get me something else. 
He seems a very nice and caring person. 
(Earlier, thinking no one was watching, he stooped on the stairs to try to rip up a dry wad of chewing gum.)

Unfortunately still at level 3, I had to say there was no way I was going to eat anything coming out of that kitchen. 

If it were my restaurant, the chef, the cooks responsible, and anyone who watched it happen would be immediately fired and walked off the premises.

You are the weakest link goodbye. 
Welcome to double-x blacklist. 

#youaretheweakestlinkgoodbye #doublexblacklist
Very mixto feelings about this place  

On one hand, the skirt steak and bread was pretty good.  The highlight was the chimichuri, and the rice tasted great.

On the other hand, it was a 40 minute wait, the steak had no char to it, and it was $60 for a pretty small meal between two people.

To me it is not worth the wait nor is it worth the price.  If food came up promptly and was 1/3 of the price, it would he 4 stars.
