Pretty satisfied with my meal from Molly Malloy's. It will definitely be the place I hit up again when in Reading Terminal Market. I would like to also try some of their other delicious sounding offerings!

I ordered the Portabella "Cheesesteak" which was kennett square portabella mushrooms, sautéed peppers with a side of their house-cut fries. I added a side of guac instead of the cheese it normally comes with and it was great. The sammy and chips were pretty fantastic. 

We didn't drink here, but we certainly appreciate the option! We didn't even enter the bar because we had the kiddos in tow. Uncertain if that would be an issue, but it did looked like a good place to chill. 

It was a super crowded Saturday afternoon so we just sat at the community tables. Grabbing one is very cut throat at that time as many of you know. Bring patience.

Solid sammy. Happy for the vegan option!
I went here for breakfast with my boyfriend and parents at roughly 10:30 am on a Saturday. I was preparing myself for a wait (we were arriving at prime time for a Saturday, or so I thought) but surprisingly, we didn't have to wait at all! We were seated right away and our super friendly waitress quickly brought us menus, and took our drink and food orders. 

I was really thinking hard about whether I wanted to try their pancakes, get one of their omelets, or avocado toast. I ended up choosing the last and added poached eggs to it ($2 extra charge). 

The Avocado Toast was great. Nothing special or unique about it, but it was done well. 

My mom had the Mushroom and Gruyere Omelet which I tried a bite of and thought was good. More than the omelet though, she had asked for some jam to go with the toast and she was brought a honeydew and honey flavored one which was fantastic! Honestly, it was more like a syrup than a jam in my opinion, but whatever it was, it was amazing. So good that we were passing it around the table so everyone could try it! No matter what you order, make sure to ask for a side of it to spread on your toast/bread!

So why only three stars? Because as great as the food was, I wouldn't put Molly Malloy's in the same category as other breakfast/brunch spots in the city. Although they do breakfast well, it isn't very memorable or anything to rave about or even crave. 

If you're in the area though and looking for some simple, classic breakfast eats, this might be the place for you. If you do decide to check it out, my advise would be to make sure you give yourself ample time. Since it's located inside of the Reading Terminal Market which is always swamped, 1) you never know how long of a wait there may be and 2) if you're anything like me, you might get distracted exploring and browsing through the many other things Reading Terminal has to offer after you get your breakfast fix!
This restaurant is located inside the Reading Terminal Market. It is just a little bit pricier than other food vendor because they have their own seating area/bar. 

The Service: My server is so-so. Took the order, other staff served the food... then never saw my server again. 

The Food: I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak Sandwich. It is a big sandwich, the taste was alright. Extra cost if added onion.
Today is an updated S/O to Molly Mallory's on the continued and quality products they deliver to the customers!

Today I wanted to bring friends from out of town to get a great breakfast!  The portions are always sizable and the service was great!  The drinks that accompanied our meal were just what we needed!

We all took home a 'Pop Tart'!  This filling was citrus flavored grapefruit...So Yummy!

Keep Doing Your Thing Molly's & I'll Keep Coming Back For More!
I finally made it in to Molly Malloy's for brunch with a large group on Saturday morning. The menu is limited, but everything sounded great. Think basic breakfast items done well. 

The omelet I ordered had potatoes, cheddar and chives (I requested egg whites). It also came with breakfast potatoes and a breakfast meat, but I switched out the meat for fresh fruit, which came in a large bowl and included a medley of fresh fruit. My meal was good, but when I tasted the pancakes I had instant food envy. Buttery and crunchy around the edges, these cakes flapped my jack better than Aunt Jemima. 

Our waitress was awesome and totally on point with water and coffee refills and anything else we needed. The restaurant wasn't very crowded in the early hours, so I'd definitely recommend it for a group or if you'd like to skip the wait at some of the other spots around town.
Good place, nice bar area compared to the other areas in Reading Market, good beer selection (with helpful guidance and samples), friendly and patient staff (I picked their brains a LOT with clueless  tourist questions), and fair pricing.  Food was pretty good, solid 3.5 rounded up for service.
I used to live two blocks from the terminal, my best friend and I always forgot there was a beer garden within the space and when we would remember we'd promise to come back when there weren't old men sitting in the dark secluded spot. It just seemed so out of place and not the kind of drinking den that we might typically enjoy. Now that I don't live as close, I wish that I did again....Molly Malloy's has totally upgraded this space into an awesome oasis in the middle of the foodie's oasis that is the market. A giant 3-sided bar sits at one end of the space while the rest is made up of high bar tables around the perimeter and lower tables taking up the rest of the floor. When crowded it can feel cramped, but because of it's open-air nature it never feels unbearably claustrophobic.

Food prices? Completely justified. Safe to say much of the menu is in the $10 range with some items below and some above, regardless you're not doling out tons of cash to enjoy a quality meal. One dining companion ordered a burger that he said was really enjoyable though cooked more than he had originally asked, we think this was due to the fact that my other friend made a last minute switch in canceling his burger for a grilled cheese. With one canceled medium well and one lingering medium rare, it seemed that the wrong done-ness was nixed from the order. Regardless he didn't speak much while consuming his lunch, so I'm guessing it was still really good.

After my boys had placed their order for lunch it was all on me, I was so torn, do I get the burger? Do I get the grilled cheese? Decisions decisions that I left in the hands of our server Kevin. "Kevin, what do I get?" to which he replied that the grilled cheese was hands down the winner and that he had in fact eaten one for lunch earlier. So with Kevin's gusto for the grilled cheese I went ahead and settled on my sammie. Now, when they call this sandwich "Not Your Mama's Grilled Cheese", they're so not F*ing kidding. Forget the days of buttered bread toasted in a pan to melt your only so-so american cheese....no....no no....I may abstain from all other grilled cheese because one bite into this brioche bunned sandwich and it's a whole goat cheese spinach explosion in your mouth. I actually did not feel the least bit badly about my hot gooey cheesey decision solely because of the amount of spinach on this bad boy. In my palatable opinion, the fennel and onion jam were a little lost on this sandwich...if the flavors were a bit more pronounced I may have had a When Harry Met Sally restaurant moment, for that it's probably better that it stay an understated compliment. I can't say for certain that my grilled cheese co-orderer felt the same way about his sandwich, but if the fact that he inhaled his in in a matter of minutes is any indicator I'd say it was a two-thumbs up on the consumption scale. 

I am so happy that the space that is Molly Malloy's is now being used in such a constructive fashion, it brightens up and airs out the sometimes neglected by myself back area of the marketplace and turns out some stellar pub grub. Will I be back? Absolutely...they accept LevelUp as payment which means I have a credit that is burning a whole in my iPhone. So who's in...who wants to squire me to MMs for a grilled cheese?
Molly Malloy's is definitely a tourist trap, and a pretty lousy one at that. The food is EXTREMELY underwhelming, in particular the "philly cheesesteak", which would make any self respecting Philadelphian flee in disgust. They cost as much as two steaks would elsewhere, they are about half the size that most places offer, and they taste like glorified "Steak-Ums". The last time my mother was in town I took her to Reading Terminal Market to show off all the wondrous things it had to offer and she unfortunately decided that she wanted to try out Malloy's, a decision that would turn out to be a massive mistake. 

Her pot-pie was legitimately 3/4 frozen, my medium-rare burger was so well done that the inside was nearing black (it was well past brown), and both of our fries were cold. I can understand having a bad day in the kitchen, hey, no one is perfect (especially me, just ask my past girlfriends), but when we brought these issues up to our server she actually smirked and remarked, "are you serious?". After assuring her that we were actually serious she brought everything back to the kitchen and within 15 minutes had new food in front of us, and was even considerate enough to take my mother's pot-pie off the bill. This would have been a great ending to a somewhat miserable beginning however the "new" pot-pie was still inedible and all of our fries were still cold. We ended up leaving all of our fries, the entire pot pie, and any possibility of ever returning on the table, along with a sizable tip because it was obvious that our waitress was working extra hard to compensate for the incompetent kitchen staff.

While I will never eat here again, under any circumstances, I still drop in time to time while shopping in the market for a good draft beer, something they do quite well actually. Long story short, grab food elsewhere in the market and then stop by Molly Malloy's for a good, albeit expensive, post meal beverage.
Molly Mallory's replaced the Beergarden at the Reading terminal Market. It's prettier, fancier and more pricey. It also has a great menu and over 24 beers on tap.
 Yes the Reading Terminal has stepped into the Gastro Pub era. I ordered a burger off the menu which was grilled to perfection and very tasty. I had a Sierra  Moon To wash it down with.
 I can't wait to try more items off the menu and some more of those exotic beers they offer.
 The service was good and I guess I won't be missing those old gals with the blue beehives after all. I will miss not being able to bring in food from all the other vendors in the market. You couldn't bring beer to the food and now you can't bring food to the beer.  Another Reading Terminal tradition is gone.
 But birds gotta fly and fish got to fry and the Reading Terminal marches on!
Returned here for breakfast and so happy I did. The food here is incredible and service is always great. I ordered the farmers platter this time and the biscuits are the best thing ever. Their homemade mixed berry jam with their warm fluffy biscuit was everything plus more. My bf ordered the sausage, egg and cheese biscuit and said it was also amazing. This place is incredible and I highly recommend stopping here for breakfast! Also order the nitro cold brew!!!
Hands down one of the top 3 best chicken pot pies I've ever had, and it's presentation in a mini-iron skillet is awesome. (When I make these, I cheat and use puff pastry for the crust which can be too flaky, but my chicken stew mixture is home made.) Molly Malloy's produces a super good pie by not making an over-buttery crust and is just flaky enough without chewiness--overall an extremely well executed crust that you can tell is freshly made by hand. The chicken stew inside has large cuts of potatoes and veggies that have not been overcooked (often the flaw of most chicken pot pies). Their chicken inside was extremely tender and was large chunks of mostly white meat--I'm guessing they're braising the chicken for some time before adding to the stew mixture. 

 I only wish they had the dough wrapped on the inside (bottom) of the mini-cast iron skillet, but that method understandably takes much longer to cook. 

Great beer selection here--I went with a west coast Rogue Ale, which combined with my pie put me to sleep an hour later....

Colleague had the cheesesteak with their housemade wiz (some white cheese concoction). While this looked good, I'm sure my pie beat his cheesesteak. Service is good, and seating at the bar gives better views of the surrounding RTM area rather than the tables. This place probably has the most customer seating of any other restaurant/eatery inside the RTM.
While attending a convention, I came here for lunch a few days in a row. It's nice because they have their own sitting area so you don't have to fight for tables in the rest of the market. 

Great, expansive beer selection. Always friendly service each time I went. 

First day, I got the mac and cheese, which came out piping hot. Pretty good.  The second day, I got the beef stew, pretty decent again. 
My date loved both his grilled chicken dish and caprese sandwich. My dad loved his chicken pot pie he ordered and mom got the Philly Cheesesteak that she said was amazing. 
So, I just ordered poorly two days in a row. 
Oh wells, will be back if we're in town!
I dread every year when the day after Christmas falls on a Saturday because I am unable to get my beloved pancakes at the Dutch Eating Place at Reading Terminal Market. It happened again this past year and to try to make up for my loss I decided to try the pancakes at Molly Malloy's. While they pancakes there are not quite as good as at the Dutch Eating place, I was really pleasantly surprised. The pancakes were fluffy and were covered lightly with powdered sugar which was a nice touch. They also came with some yummy blackberries (no doubt from Iovine's) and I also had some thickly sliced turkey bacon. The syrup from Aunt Jemima was ok. It was all honestly much better than I expected and I had the pleasure of watching ESPN on TV and listening to EDM music while eating. That never, ever happens at the Amish stand! Anyway, my meal was great, my server was friendly and helpful, and I am sure this is where I will be going the next Saturday the 26th of December, whenever that happens next.
So After so much walking through the day, coming from the philly auto show. I found that in mid afternoon, the food-court style experience wasn't what I needed. So i saw Molly Malloy's had sit-down table service, and were sold solely on that factor, 

but because it looked like a pub with a handful of tables, i didn't expect much in the quality or variety of food department. very pleasantly surprised! The menu includes a wide variety of dishes, and most are clearly gourmet creations, many of them either unique dishes, or unique approaches to familiar ones. I had philly cheesesteak with fries. Really good steak with no grease once so ever. The fries are cut and made with real potatos with a seasoning kick to them. 

Prices were mid-high end ($2.50 for sodas, $6-$8 apps and salads - $14-$20 entrees which is why we made our meal from apps and salads), but after that experience, I would not hesitate to give them a try for a full meal sometime.
I suppose all you yelp folk will think it blasphemous for me to say this, but Emmett is an anti-fan of the RTM. Even when serving jury duty earns me that X% discount, I still find it more satisfying to walk the distance for better grub and suds than what is available at this carnival of a tourist trap; that is no longer the case. Molly Malloy's now supplies a much needed dining destination for me in the 12th & Filbert area, and with the quadrupling of what the old Beer Garden offered in terms of bevies, plus an actual menu with great tasting quality food, I will be back often and fully expect to leave each visit highly satisfied.

Stopped in on day one of their existence the last Wednesday of this past October and had a slammin' lunch with my lady: excellent food, excellent beer, excellent service, and excellent company (at least for her)... all of which added up to an overall excellent time. I started with a bowl of Pumpkin soup that was tasty and creamy, with just a touch spice, and which had a garnish of little flavor popping bits of pearl onions that really set the dish off. Moved into our meals next with her order of a Sweet Glazed Turkey Sandwich, my Braised Short Rib Pie, and a shared order of fries. Turkey was very good, and I really enjoyed the flavor combination of the pickled tomatoes and ale mustard, but I was much more pleased with the flaky hot goodness of my delicate ribs wrapped in pastry and slathered with the goodly sweetness that is their Guinness  reduction, especially when the Chef sent me over some complimentary potato soup to dip it in. Slamin'.

Vast improvement to an already widely loved Philadelphia establishment. Go here and get some reasonably priced excellence, you will not regret it.

 P.S.- from 8AM to 11AM they have a very appealing looking breakfast menu, but catching that is nigh impossible for this fellow; perhaps on the weekends...

*update*
Came in for the pulled pork and it was some super fine swine; mildly spicy, extra juicy, super tasty, and the onions added the perfect amount of crisp with a subtle taste that complimented the sammy perfectly. I wanted seconds and thirds.
Stopped here for lunch on a Sunday. Mainly because half the places in the market were closed and it was an opportunity to sit outside on a warm day in December. 

Molly's had good stuff I've enjoyed in the past. Today... not as enjoyable. Not bad but not great. 

I went with the cheesesteak. It was tasty enough. But it was on the greasy side and the roll came out more chewy than fresh. I was digging on the root chips though. 

Service was wonderful. Kudos to the staff for maintaining a clean and professional atmosphere under the Covid circumstances.
Already one of my favorite spots in the city, Reading Terminal got an upgrade with the opening of Molly Malloy's.  It's a great use of space, with a huge, long U-shaped bar.

The food menu is extensive, and the prices are pretty good too.  I stopped in here with my buddy Dan. His go to order, fish and chips, was pretty good, but a smallish portion.  I felt the same way about my order, the Irish stew.  We saw a good number of sandwiches come out of the kitchen, and they were pretty big.

The beer list here includes 24 or so taps, and while they didn't present me with anything new, the selection is still good.  The pricing is wonky, with some beers normal prices (Bud $3, blithering idiot $5 wine glass) and some outragous (Rouge Dead Guy $9).  Still, the point is there good beers are available.

Happy hour is from 4 to 6, when the bar closes.  It's a bit odd that the bar closes the same time as the market.

Bottom Line: This spot is a pretty and tasty welcomed addition to reading terminal market.  While its promises to be overcrowded with those on break from jury duty and conventions, it'd still worth a stop for your lunch break.
A great spot to escape the madness of Reading Terminal Market with shoppers pushing their way through. I clearly don't mind just sitting at the bar and just people watch, scope out the tourists while getting a cold one . Plus what other place do you know that has a bar,  that serves great food located inside a market?

 Molly's has some great  crafts in constant rotation for those beer aficionados out there. If you think about it you're in a foodies paradise, why not enjoy a liabtion or two with 20+ crafts to choose from.  I know the libation gods would approve, if not that the liqour selctions are top knotch.  Who wants the same old same old? I know I don't. 

Molly's has nice sized bar with ample seating aligning the the area ,with plenty of TVs for your viewing pleasures. Good ample seating inside and out of the bar area with tables in case the bar is jammed up. Danielle is a great bartender with a great attitude.  Danielle along with her co-workers , interact with the patrons who sit at the bar. Great attitude like I said earlier , plus they have a great staff all around.      

A great spot to go to also grab something to eat. I know you are in Reading Terminal, and yes this is a foodies paradise, and yes the options are endless. Molly's has a great breakfast you could go with if you wanted a Mimosa to back it up. I did just say Mimosa and yes again , I went with one with my great breakfast.  Mind you the menu does look great with the other dishes they offer.  

I rocked out their french toast and a side of spicy bacon hash on a skillet. This is probably the best thing to order if you were to do a breakfast. The french toast was PHENOMENAL!!!  with nice thick slices with a little side of blueberries added to the plate.  The spicy bacon hash was another great dish, with an egg sunny side up laying over top placed in a skillet. The bacon was cooked just right, we all know what just right is.  If you don't know what it is, go there and order it. 

Another great spot to be enjoyed at Reading Terminal !  Go ahead break away from everything, grab a libation, take a break from it all. I know I'll be here more often.
Lunch in Philadelphia during the business week is a common occurrence for some but a real luxury to us suburban workers.  I've taken off from work before just to attend lunch events in Philly so I'm rather sure of my conviction.  I was fortunate enough to work from home one day, get my yearly physical and finally get to try Molly Malloy's.

I met up with fellow Yelper Rebecca S. to try the highly publicized grilled cheese.  Being that I was on no real schedule, I had time to linger and enjoy all that this establishment really had to offer.

The space is open and approachable.  I never did get to go in the beer garden but I remember it looking a bit dank and dark.  Not the case with Molly's.  Sure there isn't a ton of natural light at that spot of the market but they've done a nice job on decor.  We chose a high-top in the back.

We ordered the braised ox-tail and the grilled cheese.  The ox-tail was soft and shredded, perfectly cooked and basically was eaten as an open face sandwich.  The grilled cheese was serious.  Goat cheese, spinach, caramelized onions and some kind of funky jam.  You can be sure that I'm going to attempt to replicate it at home.

The fries were a little hit or miss.  Some were great and crispy and others were a touch under-cooked.  Maybe it's because they're hand-cut so they have different cooking times.  Regardless, still pretty good.

I don't have the chance to get here during the week but it wasn't just novelty that made me enjoy this meal.  The food, service and prices were excellent.  Now I just need a center city job....
Wanted to love this place. But i don't. Got the Beans and greens soup and tasted very bland and like canned veggies. The best thing here is the beer and wine options. Like much everything else at Reading this place is an overpriced novelty.
Don't forget about this place in the back of the terminal! Came here for brunch on a Sunday. No wait, friendly service, and most importantly, their French toast is bomb. I haven't had a good French toast in a while, because usually they're soggy and no cinnamon flavor. This was the complete opposite. Lots of yummy cinnamon goodness and it had a nice crunch to it.  BF had the spicy hash which he enjoyed and filled him up. Would definitely return!
A Fan! I had the surf and turf sliders and loved the fact that i can have 2 different types of sliders to eat. Crab cake one was so so good,and the filet mignon one was cooked to perfection. Small portion (for my big appetite) since its one slider each, but worth it for the taste. We had the special market salad which was super fresh and VERY BIG, we were able to share it with 4 people as an appetizer.. Definitely get the sweet potato fries, they were awesome. It's  in the market, so expect an open feel market style eating. Large selection of beers too!
We've stopped into Molly Malloy's twice now while walking around inside Reading Terminal Market.  Both times we have enjoyed our food and our drink and found the prices to be reasonable considering the environment. 

Who would have thunk that a place with a name like Molly Malloy's (sounds Irish right?)  would have a decent Philly Cheesesteak?  

Well, guess what...they do!   You have a few variables to choose from, and then you'll be surprised with just how delicious (and ample) your cheesesteak is.    Their fries are good as well.  

On top of that, while there are a ton of food options down there, I think this is the only (or one of the only) that are actual sit down restaurants.  So if that's what you're looking for, don't hesitate to give Molly Malloy's a try.
While being a lover and former worker at the Reading Terminal Market who has experienced more than his fair share of culinary hits and misses inside of it, there has only really been one spot that I considered to be a true eyesore (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-beer-garden-by-iovine-brothers-philadelphia#hrid:7WfpkvRIK42qT_3bMgRkww/src:self). When it came down to it the old "Beer Garden" just never jived with the rest of the overall atmosphere that the Terminal had to offer, which is probably exactly why it was corralled and tented away from the rest of the market. At best it was a dive where workers could enjoy a cheap drink at while on break that unsuspecting patrons occasionally happened to come across.

So when I heard that two true Reading Terminal originals in the Iovine Brothers where gradually getting ready to overhaul it into a new kind of gastropub, I was dancing the dance of good riddance! And upon my first visit I'm beyond happy to report that the Beer Garden and Molly Malloy's are as different as night and day. gone is the tarped off area and in its place is a beautiful open space wooden bar that overlooks a good portion of the market. While the original "Beer Garden" offered little in taps and variety, Malloy's has 24 taps, the bulk being of the local craft variety. And they have a wine menu, specialty cocktails, and a decent happy hour to boot. But the biggest change is without question the food menu (and not just because there hardly was one with the Garden)!

The fact that they you can either enjoy their food in the bar area while enjoying the big screen TVs and camaraderie, OR pick up offerings from their entire menu at a separate takeout counter embraces every aspect of the Market in a way that no other space inside of it does. Since it was conceptualized by 2 produce masters in the Iovine Bros. going veggie seemed like a no brainer to me. And the pumpkin soup with sage and roasted onions, and handcut fries with an addicting mayo delivered equal amounts of bliss. and veggie options reign supreme in the salads, soups, and daily special categories. Meanwhile meats lovers should make note of the chicken wings, epic sammiches, and pork belly. of course Reading Terminal hours gives them the opportunity to take advantage of a full on breakfast menu!

When it comes down to it Molly Malloy's is so perfect that its only flaw might just be the fact that I can't enjoy it outside of normal Reading Terminal hours!
While perusing the market and trying to decide what to stuff ourselves with this time, we opted to have a seat and a beer here.  The bartenders were friendly and attentive and let us sample some different brews from their large list until we picked a couple.  Having read that their pot pie was a must-have here we decided to stay and start by splitting this before moving on to some other foods.  We were so glad we did because it really is delicious!  It's also very big so plenty for two people and while we ended up just getting some sweets for later at the doughnut shop we did not regret enjoying this delight.
Is this the most perfect breakfast?
Organic, free-range eggs, breakfast meat and home Home fries are the right way to start your day. This may well be the best meal of your day. 
Fuel up for the day ahead with delicious breakfast, conveniently located in the heart of Reading Terminal Market. Turn it to a bunch upside down, by trying one of the 35 beers on tap ( and enjoy).


Four Yelps.
I've been meaning to try this place for a while but I find the hustle and bustle of Reading, not to mention the chicken feet, to be intimidating at times. Today after returning from an overnight shift, RTM was just the hop, skip, and a jump we were looking for to grab some breakfast and dranks. 

MM itself is pretty cool. Its located towards the back of Reading and it has an open layout, so you're essentially sitting in the middle of the Terminal at a bar, or a table, depending on your preferences. 

We elected to sit at the bar, initially I was tempted to sit facing the rest of the market however before even taking our seats, my schnauzer detected the unmistakeable aroma of garbage. Needless to say, this prompted me to relocate to the other side of the bar. This might have been a transient draft, very shortly after the other side of the bar became filled with people. 

Service was good, we were tended to immediately. I'm going through a prosecco kick atm so I was delighted to see they have a prosecco on DRAFT. Bae ordered a bloody mary. 

For our actual meal, I ordered an omelette which is my usual brunch go-to. I was attempting to "be healthy" so instead of choosing 10 cheeses, I went with swiss, spinach, and tomatoes. I decided against any sides. Tina bear ordered a breakfast cheesesteak which is essentially a regular cheesesteak with bacon and 2 sunny side up eggs. Rather clever if you ask me.

The haste with which the food came out was impressive bordering on suspicious. I'm wondering how it's possible to make food that quickly? 

The omelette was really disappointing. I just didn't enjoy it. I honestly couldn't even finish it. Tina really enjoyed her cheesesteak, however (how could you not?). Because I was still hungry, I also ordered their brussels sprouts which are covered in garlic aoli and crisp garlic slices. The BS were really quite good. I wrapped them up and took them home and then left them on the couch during a 5 hour nap, so that was disappointing.

I would also just like to add: the crowd that was present during our time of patronization (11ish-12ish week day morning) was....interesting.

Anyways, cheers!
Located in the heart of the Market Place in Philly, is this sit down bar/restaurant.  Not a bad find if you want a beer at 10am lol.  They have a full bar and about 15 or so tables.  The menu is full of bar/grill type foods and I ordered the Philly cheese steak.  In Philly, can't really go wrong with the cheese steak in any restaurant.  Well, hmmm..  I wasn't a big fan of this one and the last time I was in the market, I got one from another place and it was 10x's better ( I can't remember the name of the place, but it's the one that hands out playing cards when you order your sammach :-))  The cheese steak itself was ok, but it could be much better.  First, it didn't come with any onions or peppers...  I thought a cheese steak always comes with that.. So, it cost me $1.00 extra for those... It came with fries that were house cut and pretty good..  Really didn't taste much cheese either...  One other point.  I did see someone else order a burger, and it looked HUGH-MUNG-GOUS so next time, I'll try that out....

Bottom line:  It's ok. Nothing special, but I've had worse and better...  Recommended?  Sure...  But if you're looking for a kick ass Philly Cheese Steak, it's not here....
Came here with some friends while visiting Philly. The Reading Terminal market was pretty crowded and we had a decently large party, so we opted to come here to eat and have some drinks. MM has a pretty decent drinks menu so we all got a mix of speciality cocktails, beer, and wine. The chicken pot pie sounded pretty good so I ordered that, along with some snacks. The pot pie is huge, so be prepared to share unless you came with two stomachs.

Overall, food and drinks were enjoyable, and service was great from beginning to end. Thanks for a great time Molly Malloy's!
Stopped in Philly on our way home from a trip to the Eastern Shore of Maryland.  Found Molly Malloy's by accident and what a great accident.  As a Vegetarian I don't always have luck finding good choices - especially in a Pub atmosphere.  At first I thought we would just sit at the bar and have a beer or two but when I saw the menu I was thrilled.  Pumpkin soup and a salad with mixed greens, apples, walnuts, pumpkin seeds, goat cheese and mustard vinaigrette.  Perfect!  My husband had potato and leek soup with a non-traditional grilled cheese sandwich (goat cheese, spinach and onion jam). He was in heaven. Lots of other choices for meat eaters too. Bartender was great - friendly and enthusiastic about the menu.  I highly recommend it.
Saw a lot of people with cups of Molly Malloy's beers on their tables as I walked around the market, so I checked this place out.

I ordered the Golden Monkey. Very tasty beer. Found myself tasting something different with each sip. Crisp, sweet, bitter- idk there's a lot going on here.

I got my drink to-go, but the bar seems nice. The beer list looks pretty great, so no complaints here!
Just stopped in for a couple pints. They had a good draft list and we were happy with the service. Fun spot for people watching and as far as I can tell the only place to get a beer in Reading Terminal Market. 

Oh and I almost forgot, you can get a beer "to go" Yay!
I LOVE yams and red onions, so I was super excited to try the vegan torta. The yams were well-cooked and seasoned - definitely the highlight of the sandwich. However, I was disappointed to find that the rest of the sandwich was extraordinarily bland. I couldn't taste any of the other flavors, and it definitely needed a sauce to bring it together. In addition, the chips that came with it were soggy to the point of being inedible. 

I really wanted to like this place, but unfortunately will not be back. Aside from the yams, I was really disappointed in my food.
For lunch, I ordered the roasted turnips (yes, roasted turnips - keep reading) and vegan panini (not vegan, but the combination of cranberry relish, roasted sweet potato, arugula, caramelized onion, and avocado sounded delicious). 

If you have never enjoyed roasted turnips, order them at Molly Malloy's. WOW - they were delicious, and the sauce served with them paired extremely well (along with some arugula sprinkled on top). When I placed my to-go order, I asked the staff member if the roasted turnips were a good decision, and he said they are underrated - he was right. I need to try to recreate them at home. 

As for the panini, it hit the spot. The ingredients were fresh, the roasted sweet potato was cooked to perfection, and the overall flavor of the sandwich was delicious. The panini was served with sweet potato chips, which I did not realize - if I get it again, I will swap the side for something else. 

Overall, for my first time enjoying food from Molly Malloy's, I loved my meal, and partially why I chose to order here out of all the options in Reading Terminal Market was their unique menu items.
I noticed that it's a seat yourself place. My server ended up laughing at me as she watched me circle the tables a few times trying to find the perfect seat. She was very sweet and patient with helping me figure out a custom cocktail. Even better was the hot bartender bringing me the drink. I ordered the burger. It shocked me they didn't have mayo but then again the burger didn't need it at all. It was exactly what I asked for. A medium well burger with a side of really good fries. The garlic aoli was a nice addition. You can tell Mollys takes pride in their food and staff. They actually look happy to be working.
In Reading Terminal you can probably find yummier food at a cheaper price.

That said--the food here isn't awful...just A-OK.  I think happy hour here would be amazing, great beer selection and atmosphere, but if you're in Reading Terminal for a serious meal? There are plenty of other options.
Deep inside the market is this cool pub. Very good local beer menu with some really nice pub food selections. We weren't looking for a full meal so I got a bowl of stew that was on the app list. It was huge and could have been a full meal. Debbie got the special with PB&J with bacon!  Pretty tasty but then isn't everything with bacon?  A solid choice but I think there is so many choice in the market that this was your average pub and and fare.
After a weekend stroll through Center City, the GF and I found ourselves near Reading Terminal Market. Most of our typical haunts were closed, but Molly Malloy's was open so we decided to pop on by.

Butternut Squash Croquettes [$7.50]
House-made apple butter

We started off with the butternut squash croquettes. They were crispy and well-fried, but this was too much sweet on sweet action, especially with the house-made apple butter and despite the bitterness of the arugula.. Some salt was definitely needed here as well.

Chicken Tenders [$9.50]
Fried chicken tenders, house-cut fries, honey mustard

The GF went with the chicken tenders which were great. Crisply fried, the chicken was moist and tender. It also came with some of the best honey mustard I've tasted, replete with mustard seeds to boot. The fries were well-seasoned, but were somewhat limp.

Pot Roast Sandwich [$11.50] + Sweet Potato Chips Substitution [$1]
Horseradish cream, pickled onions

I went with the pot roast sandwich, which featured tender beef with surprisingly good depth. The pickled onions and horseradish cream really made each bite. This was all housed within a nicely toasted ciabatta bun. I was able to sub my fries for sweet potato crisps for a dollar. These chips were awesome - thin, sweet, and crisp.

Our server Alicia was great - she kept our drinks refilled and was clearly busy with plenty of customers. So if you're in RTM, stop by Molly Malloy's for a quick bite to eat. Frankly, it's a bit of a refuge amidst all the hub bub.
I had a really great experience at Molly Malloy's! When going to Reading Terminal Market for the first time - prepare to be overwhelmed! It was a lot to take in, but then I saw Molly Malloy's and though "oh good, a place we can sit down and have a full service lunch and get acquainted with the place...and that's just what Molly's provided. We had to wait a short bit, maybe 5 or 10 minutes...that didn't matter though, because Theresa at the hostess stand was incredible. She was sort of our first impression of Philly and she set the tone so nicely! She was on the hunt for seating for us and provided us with a full detail of where all of their food is sourced - right there in the market. She gave us information like, "the meat comes from a butcher just two rows over and his food comes from Amish farmers about an hour away" and "The bread was baked on Row X and was made just today" and "the produce is from the corner produce stand just right there"...it was really cool to know that everything we were eating was coming from right within the market, fresh. It was our first couple of hours in Philly so I went ahead and dove right in with a Philly Cheesesteak and it was delicious! I added caramelized onions and mushrooms and it all seemed as fresh as it was described to us. My husband had the chicken pot pie and WOW it was good. It came out in its own skillet and tasted very homemade and fresh. To top it off we had a couple of glasses of wine and then went about exploring the market. Leave room for dessert! There are tons of dessert vendors! This was a nice experience and we owe a lot of that to Theresa!
Came for brunch today and had a great outdoor, COVID friendly dining experience! The restaurant has hanging heated lamps above each table and the string lighting at each table sets the perfect cozy vibe! I ordered the Egg & Cheese Biscuit and it was delicious! Very rich, buttery, and warm! The charred scallion aioli was a great addition to the scrambled egg with sharp cheddar cheese!
SICK!!  Like sick amaze balls cheesesteak...they have VICTORY SOUR on draft which makes me a happy girl.   Bartender with short hair was the raddest lady ever!
I ran the Philly Love Half marathon so in my way back to NYC I stopped by Reading Terminal Market to have a quick bite as I was starving. I liked that Molly Malloy's because the Breakfast menu was simple and quick to order. I had Farmers platter -two organic eggs Sunnyside up with potato hash and bacon with side of multigrain toast +coffee. It cost me $12 and it was good. Simple easy and tasty if you need quick breakfast on the go.
Good choice for lunch on a very busy Saturday at Reading Terminal Market. We were seated immediately by a friendly hostess and our server was at our table within minutes of our being seated. I ordered my normal boring Bud Light which was cold and delicious and my daughter ordered an IPA which she loved. My daughter's cheese steak was the best she had in Philadelphia which is saying something! I had a goat cheese spinach and onion grilled cheese which was good but too much spinach and onion for me. Wish I had gotten the cheesesteak but all in all a very good experience!
I was really excited to try to chicken pot pie at Molly Malloy's. My friend from Philly been raving about it and quite honestly, after I tried it, it wasn't all that amazing. When they served it to me in a plastic takeout container, the first thing I noticed was the ugly short crust. It look like it was floating on top of the stuffing. Just look at my photos. I was expecting a nice overflowing crust with crispy flaky tendencies but instead I got a undersized pie crust. 

Aside from the awful display of a pie crust, the inside was okay. The chicken, potatoes, carrots, and peas were fresh. You could taste and tell that it wasn't from the freezer. But here's another downer, the temperature of the inside wasn't very hot. Literally, after 3-5 minutes, it cooled down drastically and started to taste like last night's leftover dinner.

Verdict - If they served the chicken pot pie with a proper crust and perhaps a warmer serving of it, I would of absolutely enjoyed it. I might of gotten a bad batch of pot pies so I won't go too far and give them anything under a 3 star review. I'll certainly give Molly Malloy's another shot next time I visit Reading Terminal.
Came here with a friend for lunch and we both got the kale salad with grilled chicken. Salad was fine but nothing to write home about. The other entrees looked very tasty and if you're looking to stop somewhere in Reading Terminal for a meal and a drink, this is probably the place to go. It can get pretty crowded but empties out quickly.
You have to love Reading Terminal, and Molly Malloy's is no exception. My mom and I stopped for lunch and everything was great. We got there around 2:30 which was perfect since we missed the lunch rush and didn't have to wait. The staff were especially friendly, even while the manager was being harassed by some guy for free beer! Our beers weren't super cold, but otherwise everything was great: I had the pulled pork sandwich and my mom had fish and chips.
This little place is tucked away but the Reading Terminal is for the locals and tourists. There is literally something for everyone here. Back to Molly's. At first I couldn't get a sense of what I could expect. Of course I started looking around and then asking question like most people would. I still wasn't convinced so I dove in and ordered the Kale salad. I was so happy with my Salad. It was fresh. It consisted of kale(duh!), pomegranates, sweet potatoes, red onions, pecans, and more. I couldn't get enough of it. The vinaigrette was light and just enough. I saw there burger and almost got a bite out of my daughters sandwich but she ate it so fast. One would wonder if she ever ordered at all. I can shar what I saw. It was HUGE, with delicious looking bacon, onions, tomatoes. I almost felt cheated until it came back to my mind that the burger was hers, not mine

The waitress was friendly but seemed a little spacey. I asked for a drink like 4 times before I got it. That is the only reason Why I didn't give a 5star.
So I headed down to the RTM this evening with the family before heading to the convention center.  In an attempt to not have the kids scatter like mice in a kitchen when the light goes one, my wife and I decided to pick a "restaurant" to make things easier.  After seeing the recent posts here about the Down Home Diner, we decided on Molly Malloy's.  We were glad we did.

We ordered 3 cheeseburgers, the grilled goat cheese sandwich and a chicken pot pie.  For an ap, we got the potato skins.  Everything was excellent and beyond what we expected.  The grilled cheese wow'd my wife and the chicken pot pie (recommended by our server) was the best I've had in America (the ones in London beat it though).  The only let down was all burgers were specifically ordered medium-rare and came medium-well.  That is the only reason I'm giving this place 4 instead of 5 stars.  I don't know if it's the best place in the RTM but it's a nice addition and worth the trip.
I went while on a trip to Philly Thurs 6-21. Had the sliders.
That was a mistake. Had Lower G.I. distress for 8 hours.
Sorry to say that is not recommended by me.
Great addition to Reading Terminal Market! Nice seating area, excellent service, good food. Roast chicken is amazing. Also had an oxtail sandwich that was very tasty, almost like great pot roast, very tender, with sautéed onions and puréed carrot. Will be back!
I would give Mollys 3.5 stars, the food was good, today I had the pulled pork with sweet potato chips, it didn't have that much BBQ sauce on it so I asked for an additional side of sauce (which cost .50, getting nickel and dimed has always bugged me). The portion was good and everything was delicious but the cole slaw was so cold it was shocking! It really cooled the pork down. 

Also, it's a neat place for a drink right In the terminal and plenty of folks to people watch or just strike up a convo with which is nice, since you seem to have to be a long time regular to get much more than a smirk from behind the bar. I'll be back, it's a cool spot and there is breakfast on the menu that I have to dig into!
The Reading Terminal has so many great places to eat, I can know add and highly recommend Molly Molly's solidly!!  I have passed by many times, but never had the time to stop and drink, but I made the time after a loooong week at work and decided to have a brew and check out the menu.  I could've kicked myself for not indulging sooner.  I like that they have a good draft selection and the menu items are plentiful.  

I was all ready to have the fish and chips until I saw another patron's order - I don't think it is on the menu - Cheesteak, with Bacon and Sunny side up egg - with Fries.  OMG - I was drooling - I couldn't finish it - only ate 1/2 of the sandwich.  The true test of good food - "How Does It Hold Up On The Reheat"?  Well, it passed the test!!  I put it in the oven the next day and I was truly satisfied - yet again.  

Waitstaff are friendly and that is welcomed when you are in the midst of the busy Reading Terminal chaos.  If you are a local or a tourist - make time for Molly's - it is worth it!!
I am a vegetarian so I'm always on the lookout for unique and tasty vegetarian friendly dishes. It is not always an easy task. 

Almost every time I visit Reading Terminal I stop by here to have whatever seasonal version of their "Not Your Mama's Grilled Cheese" sandwich. It never disappoints. My favorite version is goat cheese, sautéed spinach and a caramelized jelly of tomato and onion. The bread is a good thickness, toasted in butter. 

The salty cheese and fatty butter paired with the spinach and the natural sweetness of the caramelized tomato-onion mix all between crunchy bread is...heavenly. It's a religious experience. I swear. 

I have never tried anything else there because I don't care what else they have, as long as I can get my grilled cheese. It's that good.
This was a recommendation for lunch (for some authentic Philly cheesesteak) from a friend who had gotten one and loved it. I decided to suck up the $13 price tag and just get one. I'm glad I did.

I was initially going to swap out the American cheese "sauce" for provolone, but I didn't. I figured there was a reason they use their particular cheese for a reason...and it's delicious. It's not on their "main menu" board, but adding peppers and onions is $1 extra and totally worth it. Makes the sandwich. SOOO noms. The meat is enhanced with the veggies and all are juicy and delicious. The definition of Philly cheesesteak deliciousness. I would be back if I were ever in town.
TIPS:

*There are far, far better places to eat at the Reading Terminal Market. I got unlucky with this sit down place on my first day in Philly. Even the faux-Chinese food in one of the stalls is better than this.

*Do not serve burgers when the rolls are hard and stale. No matter what beef or brie cheese is on the Wednesday special, it's hard to find anything positive about an un-fresh roll.

*Fries. Fries! It's french fries! Do they have to be cold? I left almost all of them on the plate. I should have ordered what my companion had --the Philly cheesesteak, which he seemed to like.

Service wasn't very kind or helpful. It was hard to find someone to come help us.
While we were meandering through the crowd at the Reading Terminal Market on Black Friday I wondered how in the world we would ever get a table where there was room to eat! There were so many people. Then I turned and saw Molly Malloy's, a full service restaurant and bar located inside the Reading Terminal Market! It felt like an oasis in the desert. 

My boyfriend and I were seated immediately and perused the menu. He ordered the cheese steak with broccoli rabe, and I ordered the chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries. Both meals were filling. My boyfriend enjoyed his cheeseteak immensely, while I liked my meal but it was your basic chicken sandwich, no bells no whistles. When I go out to eat I want to taste something that makes my mouth sing. This experience reminds me of the Jersey boardwalk. There is an abundance of food and you're usually ravenous after being in the ocean all day, but it's the atmosphere not necessarily the food that takes center stage. 

I also ordered a sweet iced tea. I was served iced tea with no sugar. The waitress apologized for the error and quickly delivered the sweet tea to my table. And she actually stayed more attentive after that, making sure to refill my drink at the exact right time. I really appreciated that.

Molly Malloy's is great if you need a basic meal and a seat in the oft crowded Reading Terminal Market. Or if you want to sit at the bar and have a few drinks and grab a bite to eat. I wouldn't recommend it if you're geared up for WOW, you may find it, or you may not.
Walked all over the market to find a good cheesesteak. Some places looked like they had a good one, but the price was just more than I wanted to pay. They know they have you, so they'll charge you more. I usually to go to Mama Angenlina's next to the Doubletree, but I didn't want to walk there in the snow.

Other places didn't have fries, and I was really in the mood to choke up my arteries with a cheesesteak and fries. So I finally decided to give this place a try. I sat at the bar and got great service. 

The food was ready quick, and when it arrived, I thought I was going to regret my choice. The sandwich arrived with a gloppy white cheese slathered on the meat. I gave it a try and was quite impressed. It's apparently a mixture of cheeses made on site. The meat was rib eye, so a higher quality. The sandwich wasn't huge, so one with a side of fries was a perfect meal.

All the food I could see looked great and I heard others at the bar talk about how good things were.

I would eat here again, but with so many dining options at this terminal, it may be a while, as I'd like to try other things, as well.
I love Reading Terminal -- it's one of my favorite places to visit in Philly. I've lived in Chinatown for a few years now and am pleasantly surprised I never ate here! I met up with some friends for brunch and it was a great experience! I loved being in the heart of the market while having our own little corner of privacy as well. I got the farmer's platter with eggs over easy, wheat toast, turkey bacon and hash. The meal was delicious. The eggs were cooked perfectly and the hash was delicious. The bacon wasn't over cooked or burnt and that's exactly how I liked it. We also enjoyed a few rounds of the mimosas -- some of the best I've had in this city! Made with fresh orange juice, they weren't too sweet at all and were only $7 each (I've paid almost double at other places for mimosas that weren't as good). Our waitress was so friendly and attentive and had an amazing playlist going on! Hearing "Your song" and "dancing queen" while enjoying good food, drinks, and conversation, was a thoroughly great way to spend a Saturday morning. They also have a bar area and TVs about if you're interested in keeping up with any games!
Seemed like an okay bar however I feel like it is a huge downgrade from the Beer Garden that once occupied the same space.  The Beer Garden wasn't trying to be something it wasn't.  Molly Malloy's seemed to want to be an up-scale dining experience yet lacked the clientele to be such.  Overall, not impressed but I will return to give them another shot.
Very solid addition to Reading Terminal Market. Love the variety, the local stuff, early hours and the layout. I am not as impressed by the food. I am vegan and there seems to be little there for me.
Stopped here for a drink and they had a pretty good drink menu. The waitresses looked like they were still in training and we had several different waitresses during the time we were there. The food was pretty decent. We ordered calamari and deviled eggs, which came with some sort of eggplant puree as well. The calamari was served in a bowl with another bowl of sauce sitting on top of the calamari-- I thought this was a weird presentation- the marinara sauce bowl kind of crushed the food and the calamari was slightly over-cooked. It's rare that I find perfectly-cooked calamari anywhere, however they did give us a generous portion. Because we only stopped in for apps and a few drinks, we didn't get the full experience, but it was just ok. If it wasn't located in the reading terminal market, I'd say the experience wouldn't have been half as good.
My husband and I stopped in Molly Malloy's at Reading Terminal on an early Sunday morning. We were impressed with their brunch menu, the atmosphere and the pricing!

My husband ordered the pancakes with breakfast meat. The pancakes were light and airy, with the perfect amount of buttermilk twang. I ordered the french toast. It was a generous serving for just $7. I couldn't eat it all!

We highly recommend Molly Malloy's for a casual Sunday brunch. You'll definitely get your money's worth!
Great experience in Redding Terminal Market! So many options from fun to fancy! 

To start, small menu which I appreciate because I can never make a decision!  

The drinks: we started with a cucumber mojito which was delicious and smooth! Fresh cucumber taste complimented the rum perfectly! I had the grapefruit drink which had bourbon with grapefruit and thyme! Definitely my favorite drink i had in Philadelphia... and I had a bunch!!! This drink was perfect from the hints of thyme to the not overly sweet of the grapefruit! Impressed! 

We both got the tomato basil soup with the not your grandma's grilled cheese! 

The soup was flavored well with the perfect amount of basil. 

Not your grandma's grilled cheese! Grilled with Brie and onion jam with some greens! Great combo, perfect first bite! I will say that as amazing as the sandwich I would get it to split with someone! It is so good but also so bold with flavor that half was good enough for me!

I'd say this place is worth a stop!!!
Popped into Reading Terminal and decided to graze.  
This is just a review for quick service and not the full monty. 

Molly's was one of the stops as I was in the mood for some crispy fried potato-ey goodness.  It was a tossup between their house made chips or French fries - I chose the latter. 

Small counter off to the side for togo orders makes it quick and easy to get your eats on.  When offered, I opted for the small size. 

Fries arrived after a few short minutes, fresh from the fryer. The menu said "garlic aioli" but there was no side of such and if the taters were tossed in it, I couldn't taste it.  While they did have a good flavor, I thought they could have been been done a tad longer. 

Portion size was great. Staff was very friendly.  Good value however at sub-$4. 

While I was eating, I looked at a few of the plates around the restaurant and noticed some good-looking plates (cheesesteak and some burgers/sandwiches).  Lots of beer available and they sell growlers. Would definitely come back as it looked to be a pretty good spot.
DISCLAIMER: We only used their very easy walk up beer service.  What a wonderful selection and a great way to finish off lunch from other stands!  Prices were super reasonable for micro brew and they came with lids!  Excited to try their food next time as well.
stopped by here Saturday for a quick lunch, great place to stop by for a quick mimosa before heading over to the convention center. one of the few places in Reading Terminal they serve alcohol... might be the only?

i got a mimosa, jersey tomato toast and wings.

mimosa was average, jersey tomato toast was pretty good! it was ricotta spread on some toast with some fresh tomato and basil, i honestly thought it was going to be like tomato pie so i was a bit disappointed but it was fresh. the wings were OK, i wanted them to be crispier and meatier but they weren't.

overall, this place is decent but i've had some better food in Reading Terminal...
An unexpected place to eat a chicken pot pie but it does not disappoint.  The boyfriend was craving a pot pie so I did a Yelp search and we stumbled upon this place for these elusive pot pies.  They come in a ceramic container that looks (and tastes) like they were just pulled from the oven, which they probably were.  Piping hot and loaded with chicken (of course) and all that you'd expect in a pot pie - potatoes, celery, carrots.  The gravy in there tasted great.  I thought $7 was a steal, compared to some of the other Yelp places that yielded chicken pot pies (Red Owl Tavern, The Corner come to mind).  We were both satisfied and I even had leftovers.

To be frank, the rest of the menu looks like your fairly standard American grub (pulled pork, BLT sandwich, etc).  We didn't try anything else so I can't comment on the rest of the food but if you're craving an inexpensive place for a scrumptious chicken pot pie, this is a good choice!
Coming out of the auto show and on our way to a much anticipated cocktail pub-crawl, we hadn't planed to visit Molly Malloy's - but it became default stop one while we planned our itenerary as it was close and warm.  So who woulda guessed they have a few unique beer-based cocktails on their menu?  Yes indeed, we tasted all three. My favorite was the grandpappy - made with old grandad, Yards Tavern Porter, and a juniper-infused molasses simple syrup. An amazing, strong drink with effervescence and complex flavors. The blood-orange vodka and heffewiezen with bitters was another winner. The tequila and Victory headwater pale ale was good, but the subtly of the tequila got lost in the hops. 

The folks to both sides of us raved about the food, so another visit is in order to see what we were missing.
Finally got a chance to go here for lunch after hearing so much about their food. Even though Molly Malloys is located in the heart of reading terminal market, their sit down atmosphere makes you forget about the busy market itself! The friendly staff made the experience even more pleasant. Now for the food... I was having a major craving for Mac and cheese so it was an easy choice when it came to the menu. I ordered the baked Mac & Cheese which was served in an adorable little skillet! The velvety cheese smothered shells served as the perfect comfort food with every bite. My only complaint would be that there were no "buttery breadcrumbs" as promised, which unfortunately is one of my favorite parts in a classic baked mac and cheese dish. Overall, a nice atmosphere and noteworthy Mac and cheese if you've got a craving for it!
Nice place to chill in the Reading Terminal Market when you get tired of walking around & want a drink.Its a pretty nice sized bar with lots of beers on tap, food and speciality drinks.I got a Honeycrisp Apple  Sangria that was delicious and it was only $5 ! It also had really good Apples & Oranges in it.The service was good too but I can't really say anything about the food.The only reason I didn't get any food there is because we had just eaten but it looked pretty good.I'll definitely be coming here to take a drink break again next time I'm in Reading Terminal Market.
Had the blueberry pancakes and they were really good.  Nothing but fluffy pancakes filled and topped with berries.  I'm probably going to get blasted for this but I much prefer these pancakes over the ones from Dutch eating place
Stopped in for lunch while visiting Philadelphia, and I'm so glad I did! I ordered the cheesesteak, which was as delicious as I hoped it would be. They also have a great selection of draft beers and the service was great. Love that they have their own seating area within the Reading Station Market, which was very convenient during a crowded lunch time. Highly recommend!
The Market is busy and packed but the service provided by the staff at This section was pretty good. There were a few bartenders (over staffed) but everyone was cool and chill. . The lady with the dreads was attentive and very social. Her presence is what was needed there as she looked happy and was always smiling . 
I didn't try their food but will when I return . I'll update reviews then .
Healthy great breakfast alternative - Avocado Toast with egg and bacon. Delicious. And service was great by Lindsey. Better than the hotel breakfast options
Safe, creative food. One of the few places you can find to sit down in the terminal. Great asparagus, the grilled cheese sandwich is totally different. Good, but I would probably want to try something else if I go back. And I would go back. However, there really are so many things to try in the terminal that if they didn't have seating, I might not have tried it in the first place. Worth at least one try.
The bread pudding and little cream/fruit tarts were delicious.  That was all we tried, but would go back.  The girl that waited on us was friendly and funny as well!
Do not overlook Molly M's for breakfast!  My husband and I both love the omelets here. Hearty portions that don't disappoint. They usually offer tasty seasonal jams to go with your toast and offer a variety of sides to mix and match with your omelet. We usually always have a doggie bag to take home with us and enjoy their rich cups of coffee. 
Food 5/5
Price 5/5
Service 4/5
Atmosphere 4/5
Staying at the Marriott across from Reading Terminal Market (love this hotel) and had a late lunch with my husband and two young boys at Molly Malloy's.  Totally doable with normal kids.  If your kids are not restaurant savvy, don't bother.  It is not cramped, but not spacious.  No kids menu, but the boneless, skinless chicken tenderloins are terrific.  My boys (10&11) enjoyed them.  Their BBQ (thin) sauce is tasty and doesn't ring of supermarket bottle brands.  They both loved it.  No honey mustard for dipping, but the salad Dijon dressing was a great substitute.  My husband loves fish and chips and these were not the usual slab of cod in three inches of fried beer batter.  They were delicate and lite.  Service is fantastic and the staff is to be commended for their friendly prompt delivery.  They were everything we needed after a long day of fun in the city of brotherly love!  My son wants me to tell you the fries with the skin on were very yummy.  And the grilled asparagus platter was just like home cooked goodness.
After looking through their menu for some time I decided to try the Fish&Chips.
While waiting for my order i looked through the menu again and thought tht the salads  sounded interesting.
The fish was pretty good. it wasn't tasteless and the tartar sauce was pretty good. The fries that came with it were pretty good too. i didnt finish it but i know that if i were really hungry i would have knocked them out.
Great food, and drinks. Enough beers to choose from to last a solid season, but fear not the drinks are on heavy rotation!

The service is top notch too, quick, efficient and friendly.
We stopped by Molly Malloy's on a recent trip to Philadelphia.  We were walking and shopping and stopping at eateries that caught our eye.  Molly Malloy's is in the Reading Terminal Market which is always a must visit destination when we are in town.  It was bustling with patrons.  They have a fun happy hour that seems to attract a lot of people wanting to mix and mingle.  We had time before we caught our train and stopped by for beverages and snacks.  Our server was super polite.  It was near closing time but he assured us we were welcome.  He let us know when the kitchen would close.  He kept us supplies with beverages while the staff cleaned and prepped the restaurant for the next day.  We really appreciated having a spot to sit and relax.  The beers were cold and the staff was friendly.
Wanted to buy a few beers but bartender lady would not let me because I had outside food.  I won't be back here.  I rather give my money to someone who wants it's.  First rule of customer service is never turn a paying customer away!
Located in Reading Terminal, I naturally thought I'd be able to grab food and sit wherever. However, they're one of the few and only places in Reading that requires you to eat within their bounds. It makes for an odd experience at the Terminal.

However, I ordered their Butternut Squash soup and it was delicious. They even plopped in some candied pecans and swirled in what I believe was brown sugar. 

If you want the true Reading Terminal experience, don't go to Molly Malloy's; however, the food I've had thus far was great and what I saw my friends eat looked delicious as well.
I came here for the first time for lunch today. It wasn't too busy, considering the fact that it was midday on a weekend inside the market. The service was a little sub par. Our waitress wasn't particularly rude, but she just wasn't very nice or attentive either. The food was amazing though. I ordered the cheesesteak, while my gf ordered the market summer salad. The salad was huge, beautiful, and delicious. The cheesesteak was arguably one of the best I've ever had. The cheese sauce alone was to die for. I'd love to come back here again during my next day trip to Philly.
We recently had a cocktail event in April 2015 at Reading Terminal Market in Philadelphia (our specific venue was Molly Malloy's) that All About Events helped us coordinate. We planned the event remotely from Colorado and had never been to Philadelphia before, and thus needed to coordinate all logistics through All About Events given our limited knowledge of the area. I can honestly say that we could not have been happier with All About Events. Gina and Sarah worked extensively with us in planning the event and molding it into exactly what we intended. They were both extremely responsive and worked tirelessly to assure that the details were all covered.

The event ended up being a cocktail hour (really 3 hours) for networking and doubled as a celebration for our organization. Because of the nature of the event, though, head counts were tough to completely pin down and we were operating on a tight budget from our organization. Gina and Sarah were happy to work with us throughout the planning process, and Gina was exceptional in coordinating everything on the actual night of the event. The cocktail hour was everything we could have hoped for: great food, great drinks, great opportunities to socialize, and an incredible atmosphere. Reading Terminal Market was a unique spin on the typical cocktail event that we have every year, and Molly Malloy's in particular was spectacular for a nighttime event. The staff at Molly Malloy's, Teresa, Gina, and Sarah were phenomenal and our experience at All About Events and Molly Malloy's could not have been beaten. We would highly recommend All About Events, and the Molly Malloy's venue for anyone looking to plan an event - formal or informal - in Philadelphia. Whether you are in Philadelphia or traveling from elsewhere, the staff at All About Events and Molly Malloy's will provide you with an outstanding experience.
If you sit here long enough, you may just forget you are in Reading Terminal..which may or may not be a good thing depending on your preference. They certainly have a fairly good draft list including some good local brews including a couple of Yards. 

Additionally, they also serve Golden Monkey which earns anybody an extra star in my book (hello 9.8% ABV!). The service was...indifferent. Kind of snotty, although not overtly so. 

Food was superbly average. Standard bar food, lots of fried foods and salty options. (The special crispy chix BLT was fried to a deep brown/black clearly indicative of some old oil.) 

And... they make their mimosas with Cook's Champagne. I am pretty sure it's on sale right now at Wine & Spirits for $4.99 a bottle...but whatevs. I guess mixing it with from concentrate orange juice masks the cheapness. 

I do think this place is an excellent addition to Reading Terminal, as it's kind of a boozed fueled oasis that allows you to sit down away from the crowds. It just could be a whole lot better.
Many of the menu items caught my interest - portobello cheesesteak, harvest kale salad, ale-steamed mussels, the GBLT - but I was set on my mission for fish and chips and they did not disappoint!

The portion size was big enough to share with three large fish cod fillets. They were cooked perfectly with a nice crispy and thick yet light breading. The tartar sauce was so-so but a nice accompaniment to the fish. The chips were also great. Crispy, slightly greasy French fries that were topped with sea salt, which was a great surprise to get little bursts of saltiness every few bites.

Overall, I was impressed by what I expected to be just a mediocre lunch. They seemed to have a nice list of draft beers as well but sadly I was on lunch break from a conference....next time, beer, next time.
I must say my wife,mother-in-law & I had a very good experience at Molly Malloys in the reading terminal market in downtown Philadelphia. My wife had the butternut squash soup & I had the best bangers and mash I've eaten yet. If your looking for a place to sit,relax a little and eat good food, well I think you should check this place out !!
First time here, food was okay, order sandwiches, I got what was called the portabella mushroom cheesesteak ,okay I guess, on the menu it is listed at $11 and comes with fries, so far so good, when I got the bill their was a up charge for the peppers and onions that the menu said came with the sandwich, was told "oh that is for the vegetarian sandwich "why in the hell would you name the sandwich, portabella mushroom CHEESESTEAK if it's vegetarian? NOT WORTH $13 bucks. buyer beware
Since I've been here 3x in 24 hours I figured it deserves 5 stars. Breakfast is wonderful and a mid day snack of Brussels sprouts satay and crispin cider really hit the spot. I'll be back for more and recommend you do too!
Ligger i en trevlig saluhall direkt under konferenscentret. Köpte Philly Cheesesteak Sandwich, som är "nationalrätt" i Philadelphia. Inget exotisk men smakade utmärkt. Jag pt på hotellet men det går att sitta vid bord på plats om man vill. Hela The Market är väl värt ett besök. Massor med olika små matställen med olika typer av mat och det går även köpa råvaror om man hellre lagar till själv. Härlig genuin gammaldags miljö.
Burgers are nothing special and lacked flavor. More appealing to the eye than the mouth. Had it not been for thick slices of bacon I wouldn't have gotten through half of that beef patty. Definitely finished off my fries though. They were fresh skinned Idaho length potato strips topped with some sea salt.  Good draft beef options available. This is the only venue inside Reading Terminal to offer anything alcoholic. Service is ok, though space is limited and the noise level can make it difficult to have a conversation.
I eat at Molly Malloy's at least once a week and have yet to be disappointed. They have a great menu with items sure to please everyone in your group. Their rotating menu of specials make it even harder to make a selection - everything always sounds (and tastes) amazing. And to top it off, they've got great service!
Great place to grab a bite @ RTM! Table service is a plus.

Food is fresh, tasty & well prepared. Some ingredients are sourced locally(bacon from Halteman's,yum) Fresh squeezed o.j. My avacado blt was delicious.My friends loved their steak sandwich & burger served w/ fresh cut fries. Great friendly service.They also have a very decent beer/cocktail selection. Prices are reasonable , especially considering the quality of the food.
I keep asking for the Irish Breakfast that I hope they will add one day!   in two visits I tried the jalapeno omellete, the fish and chips, and the Cheesesteak!  Molly Malloy's gives you a little more of a restaurant feel in the Reading Terminal and some privacy.  To my surprise I really loved the fish n chips, deep fried to perfection.  The jalapeno omellete was quite a treat, and the cheesesteak was a bargain.  This place is a winner!
Nice finish to a Philadelphia weekend with a history tour Saturday and the Flower show on Sunday where my 2 sisters joined us. 
Had a late lunch at the Reading Terminal Market where it was still packed after 1pm with the lunch crowd from across the street at the Convention center.
Molly Malloys was able to seat us in 15 minutes and served our drinks and food promptly.
My wife and 1 sister went with the pork sliders, the other sis had a kale salad and I went with a Philly staple, the cheesesteak along with a local pub brew. 
Friendly service and great atmosphere, will come again next time when we are in the area.
A decent place in the back (East center) of the Reading Terminal Market.  It's one of a small handful of places in the Market that has seating; that's it's biggest plus.  Since my office is in the next block, I'm in the Market at lunchtime only.  My review doesn't include the wide variety of beers that others appreciate.  

The service was very good; the food decent; the prices are OK.  Maybe the absence of a cold one at hand lessens my appreciation?  Maybe the crowds that include visiting conventioneers?  I'll have to go back to update my review.
I had a bangin' cheesesteak here and some fries. Although you don't have to go far at Reading Terminal to get a good cheesesteak, the line was shorter.  Great people watching spot.
My lovely wife and I stopped in one Saturday afternoon as we were in the area. We were starving but had a dinner reservation a few hours later and didn't want to eat too much before hand. We walked though the market and decided to have a nosh and a drink at Molly Malloy's. 

I used to work at the market on Saturday's and remember the drab bar that used to inhabit this space. No food service so you bought food elsewhere and ate at the bar. Nothing to write home about.  

This new space is awesome. Excellent beers on tap (not sure how many taps but enough to find something for everyone). We took a seat at the bar and perused the menu. We chose the roasted vegetables and the Butternut Squash Croquettes. Both were excellent and really hit the spot.  Service was great and we cannot wait for a return visit.
I came here to meet a few friends who were at the Philadelphia tattoo convention and never having been to Reading Market we decided to stop in and grab lunch. We landed on Molly Malloy's and grabbed some seats at the bar.
The bartenders were really nice and let us try a few beers so we could make up our mind.
My husband and I ended up both ordering the Guac BLT (guacamole, bacon, arugula, tomato, pickled jalepeno, on multigrain bread) I ordered mine without jalepeno and added caramelized onions which was amazing!
One of the things we really loved the most was that it was served with freshly made potato chips - it seemed like a mix of both sweet potatoes and regular potatoes.
I would highly recommend eating here!
