No vow of silence can keep me quiet any longer about Monk's Cafe. This popular and packed Philadelphia pub inspires me to free myself of my worldly worries and physical possessions ... so that I can simply possess a Belgian Beer and Belgian Fries (Pommes Frites).

De Ranke XX Bitter Ale (Belgium - 6.0% ABV 60 IBU) was equally hoppy and refreshing. While getting a second round of beers, we shared an order of Monks Mussels that lived up to the flavor hype. Meanwhile, the Spanish Flies (Spicy Chicken Wings) didn't. Three out of the four of us love spicy hot food and were disappointed with the lack of kick from the wings. Regardless, the chicken was still yummy. 

It wasn't just me in Monk's that couldn't keep quiet either. The bar is seriously loud. This is not the spot for a peaceful Philly date or business meeting. Instead, Monk's Cafe is the place for hanging out with friends having a Belgian Beer, Belgian Fries, Monks Mussels, and Spanish Flies.

Even though monks have rules about love and such, I, personally, really loved Monk's Cafe. Overall, 4.5 stars rounded up for some good karma.
This is honestly my favorite restaurant in the city and I highly recommend it to all new visitors! The vibe is dark, trendy, and compact, but the food and drinks are amazing!

Food:
- The food is honestly amazing. The burgers are probably some of the best made burgers in the city; simple but delicious. The mussels are also delicious and they give you a large amount. I would order one or the other, but if you're a hungry eater like me, I typically order both! The Ghent mussels are usually my go to while the Antwerp (sottocenare truffle cheese & shitake mushroom) or Brussels (bacon & cheddar) are my go to burgers. Finally, fries are mediocre, but their dipping sauce is the est! Drink selection is amazing, and honeslty is probably why I love this place; I'm a big fan of Belgiums/Tripels/Quads. They make their own sour beer that is pretty good as well

Ambiance/Environment
- Like I said above, dark, trendy, and comapct. Despite this, vibes are great! Staff is friendly and very accomdating. I think what needs to msot work in this place is the wait time you might need to experience because this place is popular. This is followed by parking difficulty, since this is very close to Rittenhouse Square.

Rating: 9/10
Food: Amazing burgers/mussels, get both! Very wide drink selection, including great Belgims/Tripels, dipping sauce for fries
Cons: Long waits, "eh" fries
Friends and I met here for a late lunch. The restaurant's popular, so reservations are the way to go. Luckily, we only had a 20-minute wait.

Belgians sure must love to drink, for Monk's is known for having an extensive beer selection, one that fills multiple pages. Beer drinkers, this is your heaven. (Since I'm no beer expert, my eyes glazed over in confusion; I ordered a shot of tequila instead.)

Their Spanish Flies ($8.50) - chicken wings - were decent. The chipotle pepper sauce they're dry rubbed in was supposed to be "incredibly hot", but I only detected a wee kick. For my entree, I had the curry mussels ($9.95; small pot) which were simply wonderful: Rodenbach Red Ale, Thai red curry, basil, garlic, coconut milk, and tender mussels, all in a bowl. The string fries on the side were surprisingly crispy and went well with the dipping sauce.

I know they're a Belgian cafe, but if they tossed ramen noodles into the curry, they'd make a killing.
Want to know how NOT to get a tip? stare at the table of four young(ish) women you are waiting on and say, "let me get this straight-- you want **four** orders of fries with your meals???? are you seriously going to eat that much?"

but what would monk's be without scornful, mocking waiters? (that might just be because i am a beer idiot) or incredibly delicious, top 3 in philly French Fries? or big savory salads? or giant tubs of mussels (which i don't like but my friends just looooove)?

i'll tell you what monk's would be-- only the best place to drink incredible belgian and german beers made in all kinds of different ways i don't understand and will never remember! I always try at least two new brews each time I go (this time Lindeman's Frambois-- i never like the fruity ones, i don't know why i let people convince me-- and St. Feuillien Brune-- okay but not memorable), but I admit I finish my nights with Gaffel Kolsch (hence my continued status as a beer ignoramus-- i know what i like, and it's mostly what people call baby beers...)

every couple months 3 of my friends and i meet up at monk's to catch up and, yes, probably mostly to gorge ourselves on hearty beers and salty, crunchy, potatoey goodness! as traditions go, it's one i look forward to and can wholeheartedly recommend to others. Monk's is dark and cool and loud and just a great place with great ambience all around... (snide waiters included free of charge for your entertainment...)

one piece of advice: Lie, lie, LIE like a rug to the hostess and tell her YES your party is all present and accounted for. It'll still take a half hour to get your seats, and wouldn't you rather have them call your name 5 minutes after that last, late, jerky friend gets there then be just starting another 30 minute wait when they arrive? a word to the wise, though-- make sure you really trust the friend to get there in time or it all goes for naught... ooh-- and you'll have much better luck if you go there for a late lunch or late dinner... prime time is *prime time*, people, so beware :)


p.s. we really did tip the waiter...
Monk's is as popular as ever, so plan to wait for a table. Last I was here, friends and I were served at the bar by cool Catherine, who got us everything we needed. I nursed a framboise[1], and went to town on a pot of moules frites - still Monk's stand up offering - crispy fries and all.

Their charming, colorful interior remains a perfect setting for good conversation and drink. Just don't be afraid to speak up; it can get hectic in there!

[1] Yes, I actually drank beer. This IS a destination for beer drinkers, after all.
Yeah, it's true.  I'm that girl who never got excited about a trip to Monk's. My first experience was so-so and one subsequent trip for a quick beer during last winter's snowpocalypse didn't win me over, either. 

For me, Monk's was a Philly fixture that blended with the urban landscape.

Why I heard myself suggesting the place as a lunch option the other day is still a mystery. Divine intervention? Perhaps. Because the pot of Ghent mussels, bathing in a Saison Dupont broth filled with bacon, leeks and blue cheese, were life-changing.

Also, it appears my previous gripe is null and void. Burgers are now served with a choice of greens or - wait for it - frites. Reunited and it feels so gooooood!
A great selection of beers from around the world, including many Belgians on tap, does not make up for being overly crowded and overpriced.

After struggling to get a spot at the bar, a small group of friends and I (four in total) then struggled to get any attention from the bartenders.  Luckily, our neighbor passed over the list of beers on tap so we could get our evening started.  Once we got menus, we ordered a few items for picking, which took well too long to get out.  I should note the food review is merely apps, but again we found them nothing to write home about.  Pricing was fair, although some of the rare and very rare beers could get rather expensive (more so than I have seen at other places which carry these types of beers).

I will given them credit for a totally awesome beer selection and always rave about their "Beer Bible".  It is such a shame everything else fell short.  I hold out hope that is was just an off night, as I've heard too many wonderful things about this bar for it to have been this disappointing...
I've lived in the Philly area for 15 years and have been visiting Monk's since year one.  I've been for lunch, dinner, happy hour, brunch, or just a quick beer in the middle of the afternoon.  I think I'm qualified to comment about this place.  I believe that Monk's success is due in large part to their ability to meet the needs of several audiences.  Let me explain.

The Beer Lovers- This is arguably the biggest group. Monk's is literally a legend in the beer world. Not just in Philly but across the country.  Their beer list is superb.  I once sat at the bar on a Saturday afternoon with a couple who had driven for hours from Maryland just for the beer.  Not to have lunch.  Not to visit the Philly historic sites.  Just to drink beer at Monk's.  

The Mussel People- At the moment they have six flavors and people go crazy!  I've seen tables where patrons order pots of all six.  Trust me; these people are devoted to this place.

The Foodies- You can be surprised here.  How about "Monk's Flemish Grilled Scallops" as a starter?  Follow it with Salmon Framboise and if you love seafood you have one heck of a meal.  There are also plenty of choices for carnivores.  

If you are a newbie you may be a little surprised by the physical space.  There is a short dingy hallway that leads from the street to the main door.  The rooms are quirky, homey, and just a little bit beat up.  It all adds to the famous Monk's charm!  I'm sure I'll be back again and again for another 15 years!
I love beer. I love burgers. I love mussels. And I'm only seriously liking the skinny fries, since the bourbon mayo makes up for it. I've been here on several occasions, and never have been disappointed. (A few, strong beers always helps!)

Anyways, I wrote a poem about Monk's. Here goes!

If you're in the area of 16th and Spruce, 
You must come to Monk's and let yourself loose.
Try a new craft beer or fall in love with the Tripel Karmeliet.
Head over to the intimate back bar, and order some pomme frites.
The mussels are phenomenal, the broth full of delicious, unforgettable flavor. 
My favorite style is the Ghent. Order the large with more bread to dip and savor.
Order some more beer. A good one to try is the fabulous Delirium Tremens.
Keep going with another glass. Ask for the beer bible, it's heaven in your hands.
Burgers are quite tasty. Antwerp is my choice for the shitake and melting truffle cheese
Another beer I fancy? Russian River Damnation. Order, and say, "Yes, please!"
I enjoy this place with a group of friends, but it does get crowded, so prepare for a wait.
This is a neighborhood gem that is easy to find. I recommend you go here, and bring a mate!
My friend, her infant child, and I were supposed to grab lunch here earlier this afternoon. I was running late and my friend and her son arrived about 10 minutes before me. Apparently when she asked to use the bathroom to change her son she was told she needed to buy something first.

SERIOUSLY?! Have you all learned nothing from Starbucks?

I understand no one should walk around with a sense of entitlement, but turning away a women and her baby is low and you should be ashamed. 

And because of the current climate in the US I have to wonder if she was a blonde haired blue eyed women if she would have been turned away.

We ended up accross the street at Plenty. The staff was wonderful.

Monk's Cafe should be ashamed of itself.
Ok the main reason I have given this place two stars is based on one day here, earlier this year, perhaps in February?, which now seems like so long ago. Time does have a funny way of flying...

Well, anyway I met up with a couple of my co-workers for an evening of some good beer drinking and food but we had the pleasure of having perhaps the worst waiter in history. I myself had shown up a lil' later then the rest of the crowd and at that point was not hungry. So they said I could, if wanted to, nibble at a few of the appetizers, which at that point they were wondering why hadn't any come out at this point? 

They had already been there for an hour and had ordered some entrees  around the same time ago along with beers which they all had. I asked for a draft on tap. 

We wait patiently and continue having a well conversation about people, places, life, what episode of Lost we missed... the usual. Our waiter at this point has an interesting sense of humor butting in on our conversation and using a heavy dose of sarcasm, which isn't necessarily good with general public atmospheres. Etiquette? 

So finally one of us ask the waiter what is taking so long for the food. He says, "Oooo it should be ready shortly". Meanwhile other waiters are bringing out food to patrons whom been here much less than our arrival, including my own, which at this point, I've been here for over thirty minutes. Things only get better as the waiter brings out the wrong beers we asked for several times. Asks if we could please drink it anyway since it's a waste. I shrug and I don't mind. It was tasty after all. Though he did get the correct beers for the ones who could not drink whatever he decided to believe was our original choices. I am told at this point that apparently he hasn't been seen writing anything down and even when they ordered food, he told them "No sweat! Got it all down here!" Pointing to his head which at this point meant what's in there? Air? Acorns and squirrels? 

So time elapses on and on and as my five o'clock shadow begins to sneak in, one of us finally grabs the waiter. 

"WHERE IS OUR FOOD?!"

"Oooooo... huh? Hold on!" He dashes to the back to where the kitchen is. After another five minutes or so he returns with some interesting news.

"Um.... Apparently he didn't get the order. It certainly isn't my fault" and he goes to grab another one of his co-workers "It's all this guys fault. I'm sorry guys I'll get it straightened out".

Now it's bad enough that he obviously had made a mistake but being silly and pointing the finger elsewhere is just ridiculous plus it only gets better...

"Hey guys I had a loooooonnng day. I had classes all morning since 8am and I'm working here till 2am. So please cut me some slack guys..."

Now had we even raised our voices or gave him any beef at this point? No. Besides just asking the simple question "Where's our food?!"

"...I'll get him started on your food. Might take a while" and it does as he finally brings the order to the chef. We wait another good fifteen minutes and at last appetizers come out. Except not what we ordered. 

"I didn't order this soup"

"I ordered one empanada"

"Where's my fries?"

The waiter scratches his head and continues to tell tall tales and excuses using his hardships of studying at a cushy college and classes all day as his reason for our misfortune. 

Finally the rest of the food comes out. I just ate a bit of this and that and to me it tasted mediocre. Not bad but not worth what they are charging either. As we continue to gorge since some of us at this point are starving and even I had worked up an appetite one of us gags a bit, removing from the orifice a couple of bones that were apparently in his pot pie. 

The waiter returns and one of my good friends asks,

"Why are there bones in his pot pie?"

The waiter lets the words sink in to perhaps try and create a logical answer. Instead of saying "I'll tell the cook" he says,

"Oh... it comes like that. The bones are supposed to be in it. Just be careful when eating"

One of us smiles weakly as he goes back to his usual business of possibly asking other tables for pity on his behalf. Finally we finish and lose all interest in doing anything else for the night which by this point is after midnight. Due to, well you know...

"Hey guys thanks so much! I took the liberty of not charging you for the drinks because of all the trouble. Thank you so much and have this bottle on me" 

He brings out a large bottle of one of their stouts to share between us which perhaps is the only smart thing he had done all night. Having trouble opening it, as well as pouring our glasses and spilling some on the table, he manages to win us over with his... charm? 

Now if I might say we shouldn't get charged diddle, on the contrary I do hope this hard-working educated boy gets fired from Monk's or has already by this point. If not? The "Monk's" have a lot of praying to do. 

All pun intended.
This pub has character that goes well with its great selection of beer. It was nice to uncork and share a bottle of Belgian beer called Chimay with my uncle. And yes, the bottle comes with a cork. It made the trashy experience of drinking beer seem a little more classy.

Ran into a variety of people here. Notably, a lady with the cutest two little girls who were out at dinner and about to go see a musical. I also talked to a particularly unattractive; yet, extremely confident girl that went to Penn State for law school. She asked where I was from and I said San Jose and I was here to visit my uncle and drink some beer. 

She then said, "Well, you came in the right place."

I responded, "I always come in the right place."

She laughed and spit out some beer in the process. 

Good times.
When thinking about Monk's, the only word comes in mind is "World-class"  (and "Beer Advocate" agrees with me).

A couple of highlights I would like to point out: 
-- The only place in the Philly you can find Pliny the Elder regularly.  What's NOT regular is it comes in a PINT.
-- The only place you can find a "Beer Bible"
-- The Best mussels you'll ever have
-- I've been here for almost 20 years and have never been disappointed. NEVER.

The ambiance is dark and narrow at the beginning, but as you walk to the rare bar, it's actually quite comfortable.  The booths are made with church pew benches; replicas of famous paintings of Belgian artists; "candles" on the tables makes it both casual and romantic.  
Note:  There are 2 bars (front and back) with different lists, but you can get drinks from either one.

The beer list is extensive. If you get Pliny the Elder anywhere else in Philly area, you get an 8-10 oz pour, maybe once a year. Here, it's on regular tap and you get a pint.  The Beer Bible contains some ridiculously rare and expensive beer around the world.  

Food menu covers quite large range of dishes.  Out of everything I've tried (possibly the entire menu), I recommend the following:
Starters - Best: Spanish Flies  (but EXTREMELY hot); Next: Monk's Flemish Grilled Scallop and Frog Legs.  
Mussels - If you can remotely handle mussels, please get it.  Anything variety you like, they're different flavors and all infused with beer.  They're about the best mussels I've ever had. 
Burgers - I get it when I'm in a hurry because they come out fast.  Different toppings made them unique and never boring.
Ducks -- Whatever format you prefer, Salad, sandwich or entree (Duck Confit), please get the Monk's Duck. 
Rainbow Trout - fresh and flaky, goes with beer perfectly.

Other 5-star worthy points:
Prices:  reasonable for the location. Actually I think it's very modest for its reputation.  
Service:  Outstanding. 

I would have taken 1/2 star off for the crowd and parking.  But I learned long away to avoid both by going off hours. 

After all, being consistently world class for 20 years is a very rare find.
An hour and a half wait. Stuffy and crowded. But wait for it...it was worth it.

The food was comforting and delicious. It made every second that I spent annoyed waiting around, feel like I a big ole shrug of I got nuttin' to do  but hang out and drink some dranks. In reality, that's what ended up happening.

Don't get me wrong, I was hungry. Correction, hannngry. I had the agreed upon cocktail of the night, Jameson and ginger. There were three of us buying each other rounds so by the time we were seated and that hour and a half passed, we were feeling those. Plus, on an empty stomach, that made the need to eat even worse. I think I'm pretty good at deciphering the difference of belly satisfaction based on plain out hunger vs. satisfaction based on taste-bud happy.  Thankfully the food wasn't satisfying just due to us starving but that taste of those dishes were really amazing!! 

The must order is the pot of mussel. I ordered the ghent that I will forever have dreams about.  It was beyond flavorful! The parsley, caramelized leeks, bacon, bleu cheese, garlic and the other amazing ingredients that it was combined with to make that broth, turned it into something oh so special. Super tasty and the mussels were cooked on point. I *hate* bread (okay, the carbs) but I couldn't stop dipping it in. At the end, I even drank..yes, drank what was left of it. 

The other dishes that I tasted were impressive as well. First the salmon. While most places, salmon becomes the to-go-to can't really mess it up fish option. Here, it was prepared exceptionally well. Buttery, thick and perfectly cooked. It's like an equivalent to ordering a rib-eye at some high end steak place. With the cauliflower and peas, this was very, very, good. I could see why my friend ordered it as her personal favorite here. Then the other was a massive plate with a deliciously filling concoction of mash served with the duck confit. Well, I don't like duck and well, I had to put my foot in my mouth after tasting this one. Wow...I was blown with that non-gamy taste and palatable texture that I had never liked about duck. That and overall smokey flavors, it had changed my mind. I will probably still never order one myself but I won't hesitate to taste it again. 

After the long wait, great time, relatively decent service, and with how fantastic the food is here, I'd come back and wait again. Just this time, be smarter about making sure to put in our  names in first, run out and get some snacks to hold us over. Then head on back in so I can simply enjoy the meal without the major hanger attack.
After a 75 mile bike ride, a hot shower and a dose of ibuprofen the clear choice for dinner is salt.  Salt in any delivery system is all I was craving.  And maybe a beer.  

Monks Cafe was a clear choice on this occasion.  The burger selection alone is worth the visit.  They were cooked to absolute perfection!  The fries provided the salt I was craving.  The bread was delicious and soft enough to soak up all the burger goodness attempting an escape from my grip.

The beer menu is extensive and almost exasperatingly so.  There are so many gems that it was tough to pick out a beverage.  We were so ravenous we devoured our food entirely too quickly but we did appreciate the deliciousness we were served.  However, I will need to make another visit to enjoy some of the other offerings in their starters section.

Amazing cafe.... I hope to be back soon.
A friend and I stopped by Monk's on a Saturday around 5 pm for dinner. We were seated right away. The space itself is pretty small, so I was pleasantly surprised that we were seated so quickly on a busy night.

From looking around at what everyone else had ordered, we could tell that the mussels are a popular menu item. Sadly, we were craving burgers and fries. I ordered mine with Cheddar and Bacon and my friend got hers with Mushrooms and Swiss. Both burgers were cooked as requested. The fries were a highlight for sure. Perfectly crisp and well seasoned. They came with some kind of aoili that was tangy and delicious on both the fries and my burger. We washed our burgers down with some Allagash White beers from the tap. 

The overall menu selection for beers was really impressive. The service was very attentive and we were in and out in about an hour. 

FYI - they have signs around the restaurant advertising a 90 minute table limit. This has been pretty common since the pandemic, so we understood but we did not realize when we had arrived that this was a policy.
By far my favorite pub in Philly. Why? The mussels of course and these mussels are way better than the mussels at Flex Mussels. They're braised in beer, flavored to perfection with lots of garlic and presented in a pot, sided with a serving of fries and bourbon mayo. Out of the 5 mussel selections, my favorite was the Red Light. I'm not a beer fan but this pub has a huge selection of beers, and I mean HUGE. 

ID is required to enter this pub. But if you forgot it, you can only order food to go at the bar with exception of the mussels.
It's kind of sad for me to do this since I've been coming here since I was 22 (cue Edit and Archie singing "Those Were The Days"). But in a lot of ways Monk's has been a shadow of it's former self for far too long.

It's not completely their fault because it's largely due to the influx of crowd factor that has hit it over the past couple of years. But once that crowd factor has hit them they really lose their groove to the point that it severely hurts the quality of their food and service. And often times it ends up not being worth putting up with their super crazy wait times as a result.

And while their still a beer lovers paradise that manages to bring in a lot of different varieties to the table, that experimental edge that once made them the king has gone kind of stagnant. But there's still a lot of beers, and mussel pots that can still make it worthwhile.
I legitimately believe I ate the most delicious thing I have EVER eaten in my life here.

I ordered the caramelized leek and olive tart, and after the first bite I tried to eat as slowly as possible to enjoy every last morsel of that meal. I have been Googling in earnest to find a recipe that might even compare to the glory that their tart introduced to my taste buds.

Outside of the best meal ever, I loved this bar. Teeny tiny, somewhat off the beaten track, dark, and populated by respectful adults and a quirky beer menu, I was in heaven. Beer options abound. 

Don't be fooled, as I was, by the draught menu. The booklet that accompanies it, which also quotes All About Beer Magazine saying this is one of the "Top 5 Places in the World to Have a Beer," has a ton of additional options as well as some informational material about different styles of beer.

The bartender was polite and kind, the people sitting at the bar were polite and kind, and in general it felt like your local neighborhood bar, that is, if your local neighborhood bar had the best food in the world and a bajillion beer choices.
Now I know why the monks choose to go into isolation. Sometimes you have something so good, you just need time to yourself lol. I'm actually writing this from a cave in the mountains. Ok, maybe I'm on my couch, in my comfortably air conditioned home...but the sandwich is that good! 

I'm sure there are other great items on the menu but this is all about the duck salad sandwich, a sandwich unlike any I've ever come across. Monk cafe has combined greens, walnuts, craisins, goat cheese, and an absolute gorgeous medium rare duck breast, all inside of an Italian roll. It's creative, it's bold, it's actually quite crazy! Why this work....I don't exactly know, but there aren't many sandwiches I have enjoyed more than this. 

Ok so this being a pub, I hear they have tons of beer on tap, and the mussels are to die for. I did also have the frites(award winning) and can confirm they are as good as advertised, especially that homemade mayo for dipping. All that's nice....but that sandwich though 

Note: if you're not going to go medium rare, just keep in moving. This ain't for you....
There are few places in the US that can find a beer list as extensive with good sampling of some hard to find Belgian ales.   This coupled with a nice variety of mussel pots with frites makes the Monk's Cafe a top choice for me when visiting Philly.   In this case my son and I were in town to see a football game and as luck would have it, the Monk's Café was open till 2 AM and still serving food at a little after midnight (fortunately till 1 AM) when we arrive from the airport. 

The waiter gave us their menu that has at least 20 beers on tap and over 200 bottles.  I went with the Major Tom and we put in an order for their Spanish Flies an advertised super hot wings which we confidently figured, what the heck it's after midnight and we were splitting them, surely that can be that hot.  I had to go with the mussels and ordered them Ghent style with bacon and blue cheese (figuring anything with bacon has to be good).  My son order the Brussels burger with cheese and bacon (like father like son...).  We also ordered water just in case the beer could not quench the wings (not that dumb..).  

The wings arrived as four doubles that meant four apiece and they were bathed in their hot sauce.  We dug in and made thru the first two no problem thinking these weren't to bad when the heat kicked in.  We did persevere and finish them and decided it was a good thing we shared them....  Also definitely happy we ordered water and it was time for another beer and I ordered the Alagash/DuPont Heartfelt ale to go with my mussels which arrived shortly after.  The mussels came in a nice sized pot with the portion being a good size with lotsa of bacon and blue cheese and onions!  So good!!!  My son enjoyed his Brussels burger and another beer as well before we called it a night.  

Food 5 Great mussels and beer selection.  Burger was good as well, so very hard to beat for pub food. They are recognized as one of the top 150 bars/pubs in the US and I can see why.
Service 4 It did not matter that we were there after midnight as our waiter kept track of us and the loud crowd around us.  
Atmosphere 4 It's a little dark but that is to be expected at the time of night we were there.  It has a nice pub feel and is comfortable.
Price 4.5 I think their prices are very good for the food and quality of the beer you can get here.
OA 4.5  I really like this place, it has the food and beers of my choice that compete with what I've had in Europe.
Last night I was chatting with a friend about why I've put Monk's Cafe on double secret probation for an indefinite span of time. While having this conversation I realized I never yelped about that fateful night it all went down, so, here it is...

One random Sunday afternoon I was shopping with a friend in center city. It was around 3pm and we decided to duck into Monk's for a pot of mussels as a pre-dinner snack. We walked in and were second in line to be added to the wait list by the m.i.a. hostess. While we were standing there a 3rd party came into the restaurant and cut all of us for the host stand. When the host appeared she assumed the latecomers were 1st in line and asked how many were in their party. Honestly, I could have cared less; the joint was empty and I knew we'd all be seated immediately, but the other party was non too happy. They told the host that they had been 1st and it wasn't fair that they weren't being seated as such. Here's where things went south.

The host got really rude with the party and told them that she wasn't there when we all came in and it wasn't her problem that they hadn't asserted themselves at the host stand. Whoa!

Once it was our turn, the host who was now in a fowl mood asked to see our ID's before seating us. My friend (who was of age) realized she had only left the house with some cash and her credit card since we weren't planning on going out to eat. We told the host that it would be fine if she flagged us with the waitress to not be served alcohol since we only wanted food and had no intention of drinking anyway. She told us that that wasn't good enough, no one could be seated w/o ID and she couldn't help us. At this point I was pissed. I pointed out that it was 3 in the afternoon on a Sunday and that we wanted a table not to sit at the bar. I mentioned that every other time I'd ever been to Monk's not only was I seated without showing ID, but I was also served beer. 

She got really nasty and told us that she didn't care, it was the restaurants policy and that we could show ourselves the door. 

Seriously, this town has so many great places to grab a beer not too mention a good pot of mussels. Monk's has had its day in the sun. I'll pass.
I love the Monk's beer menu, "The Beer Bible." In it are pages and pages of different beers, ranging from many different places, rarity, types, and prices. The average beer enthusiast, especially those who love a good Belgium beer, must come to Monk's.

Not only are their beers quite fabulous, their food is pretty tasty too.

My pub mate had the homemade, beer-battered, golden fried chicken fingers. Not your average chicken finger, they were super good.

I ordered the Monks mussels (cantillon gueuze, fumè, garlic & parsley), one of several different flavors you could choose from. For ordering the "small" size, I got a decent amount or mussels and their pommes frites w/ bourbon mayonnaise all for $10. Several people suggested the Thai Curry mussels (Monk's Flemish Sour, fumè, Thai red curry, bais, garlic & coconut milk). They sound very interesting, maybe I'll try them on my next visit!

Overall Monk's was clean, cozy, and intimate. Even for a pretty busy night at the bar and tables, the sound traveled very well. I could actually hear what I was saying! Only thing that bugged me were that some of the servers were pretty rude, or looked like they realllly didn't want to be there. O well...
**This review is on mainly the bar service and overall ambience**

Not happy with this place at all. Dropped in close to 9pm on a weekend with two friends intending to grab some drinks, but were told "tables are reserved for diners". The place wasn't even completely filled; there were empty tables on both levels. 

I cannot even begin to fathom this policy. 

Disgruntled, we went upstairs and had to be awkwardly sandwiched smack dab in the middle of the upper level space between the people seated at the bar and the tables (one of which was unclaimed), as we begrudgingly sipped our beers. 

Speaking of beers and the debauchery we were hoping to achieve with Monk's (which didn't even come close to happening) - my friend Angie ordered a ginger cider which the three of us agreed tasted legitimately like vinegar. When she asked about the exchange policy, the bartend thought she was joking, but later stated they did not do exchanges. 

Bar service was just eye-rolls-worthy. Bartend took his time giving back our credit cards and, if paid in cash, our change. We shook our heads and moved downstairs to the bar seats, then quickly finished our beers and got out of there. 

Honestly, for an establishment that houses two FULL bars on BOTH levels, the way in which they treat people who only intend to drink repels such patrons rather than welcomes them. It would've been more tolerable to be limited to standing-only if there was some sort of distraction or entertainment, but there's no TV, no live music, no darts, not even some, I don't know, reading material. This rigid policy is like a subliminal message: if you come here looking for a pleasant experience, you'd better order some food. If you're not hungry or just don't feel like eating, get your ass somewhere else.
I don't understand the obsession with this place.  Yes, they have a great beer selection.  So do many other establishments in the city.  The food is okay but is it worth having to wait an hour and change in the overcrowded aisle next to the bar for a table at 10 p.m. on a Friday?  Hell to the no.  

The duck spring rolls are bland compared to others I've tasted in the city (Pearl and XIX) and the Monk's Burger is like a red-headed stepchild next to the Good Dog's Good Dog Burger.  Speaking of which, who orders a burger and thinks, "what I really want on the side is a nice, dainty pile of spring mix salad?!"  It's like they trick you into ordering the fries because who really eats a burger without fries?  Infuriating.

I'd go back if I were outnumbered in a group of Monk's devotees, but not by my own free will.
If you're a fan of beer and mussels, look no more! Monk's Cafe has both of these for ya!

Came here for mussels ($16.95), so we ordered two: Monk's and Thai Curry. Monk's is mixed with Allagash White, fume, garlic and parsley. It was light and refreshing to eat. Thai Curry had more flavor because it was mixed with Monk's Cafe Flemish Sour Ale, fume, Thai red curry, basil, garlic, and coconut milk. 

Each order comes with 1.5 pounds of mussels and a side of fries. The bourbon mayo that comes with is to die for! As for beer, I was able to get Pliney the Younger, woohoo!

Service here is lackluster, but we definitely enjoyed the beer and mussels!
I really wanted to like this place, and I was really, really looking forward to drinking and dining there.  

Unfortunately, the bartender was not looking forward to me drinking and dining there because he refused to acknowledge my presence.  He continued to wait on people who came after me, people to the left and right of me, but did not so much as blink in my direction.  I can understand waiting for a while because he was busy, but after he started waiting on more and more newcomers, I became frustrated.  Even my attempts to get his attention went unnoticed.

It's too bad for Monk's then, because I left and went somewhere else.  I'm afraid I probably won't try it again.
Monk's Cafe is pretty freaking amazing.  Unpretentious... and fit for foodies!  On a 2.5 day weekend trip... we ate at Monk's Cafe TWICE.  It was THAT good.  Yup.

MUST GET dishes are the following:

1) Duck Salad Sandwich - their award winning salad served sandwich style on an Italian roll, baby greens with grilled duck breast, goat cheese, spicy walnuts and craisins.  
- Salty & Sweet combo.  YUM!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OdIBX09glfXNVSyd0RnIeg?select=QuzYXEWltOd7i6s7URcNlw
2) Mac & Cheese - weissebeir braised French ham, asparagus, goat, cheddar, swiss and sottocenerre truffle cheese.  
- Most sophisticated Mac & Cheese that I've had.  My bf doesn't eat Mac & Cheese on a normal basis.... but HE FINISHED THE PLATE OFF!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OdIBX09glfXNVSyd0RnIeg?select=fMkeG5Eel4FYqh_t0V1YdQ
3) Veal Cheeks - slow braised in Abbaye de Val Dieu brown ale with olives, garlic & herbs... served on soft polenta.  
- Anything cooked in alcohol is usually amazing.  
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OdIBX09glfXNVSyd0RnIeg?select=z7S_XToaxcDVs0w5GssGZw
4) Small Pot of Mussels (Monk flavor) - with gueuze, fumé, garlic & parsley.  Mussels were very tender.  Probably the best mussels we've had.  Served with bread and fries with a mayo chipotle sauce.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OdIBX09glfXNVSyd0RnIeg?select=jmdI7yWlIeQcMD4iIuenrg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OdIBX09glfXNVSyd0RnIeg?select=u-xJxs-Gn8m85wCyWG_nKQ

Monk's Cafe also has a BEER BIBLE!  Amazing.
Bf and I ordered the following beers on tap:
1) Duvel Green
2) Chimay Triple
3) Triple Karmeliet - described as a spicy blonde ale
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OdIBX09glfXNVSyd0RnIeg?select=8mMHg9VFI_SOe_Wq7FiuNw

ENJOY PHILLY!
This was another place to stop on my recent Beercation in Philly, although we simply just ran in to it on the way back from a lovely dinner at Alma De Cuba. Looking for another Belgian beer or two, we decided to stop in and check it out.

The place was packed, so I grabbed the Beer Bible and studied up on my selection. They were out of my pick, it was something awesome by Evil Twin - so I settled for a 22oz. bottle of La Chouffe. Not bad, right? 

He ordered a Delirum Tremens, which is my favorite. It's nice to see that we have the same good taste in beer. Cheers to good beers!
Monks is dark and has a pretty great beer menu - but it's kind of a puzzle because the same beers (or maybe not) are listed according to origin, type and something else. 

That's really inconsequential when you're just looking to quench your raging thirst for whatever lambic, stout, porter, pilsner, lager, or cask beer you're in the mood for. The tap selection will leave you yearning, and the open glass refrigerators will taunt you with their vast selection of alcoholic brews.

If you fancy conversation, Monk's isn't a terrible spot. If you fancy wild parties, you'd best buy your case of Natural Ice and find a frat house.
Monk's, in my opinion, is actually kinda overrated. I got really excited when people said '"beer list a mile long!" and "biggest selection anywhere!" However, I find the beer list completely overwhelming and the service not geared to helping customers throuhg the selection. Monk's is also annoyingly strict about seating: make sure you have all members of your party with you, or they won't seat you. Its almost always crowded and noisy, so don't look forward to some quiet conversation.

All that said, they have delirium tremens (delicious....) and good fries, so I'm willing to forgive some of the sins.
Mussels and fries. 
Beer. 
The end. 

Best beer bar on the east coast. 
Fact. 
Open late. 
Go.
I can't believe that I have not reviewed Monk's. As often as we come while we are in town I am, quite frankly, shocked. But what else can I add to all the reviews and boy are they a lot. 

Hmmm- well this place is unique. Yes it is finickly - no reservations so it makes planning and planning for large parties quite difficult. During certain hours they will not sit you unless you are eating  a meal. The entrance to the place is kinda shady (well as shady as Rittenhouse can get), but it is usually dark and the front bar is usually full and you thank your lucky starts when you score some seats there. If Jody is there she will intoxicate you with her accent (I hope she is still there) and she will provide some excellent recommendations. There is a small second bar towards the back as well. 

The food is incredible. I love their burgers- some of the best I have ever had. Their selection of mussels and different sauces are very good. If you are in to excruciating pain- then go for their spanish flies (hottest wings ever). My husband is a glutton for punishment and he gets them every time. Excellent, excellent beer selection. They have a full bar and some wines. You can also purchase beer to go (crazy PA liquor laws). If you are a beer person, you have to go. If you want to know where the people go, you have to make it a point to go. IT has been our first stop at times and our last at others (with suitcases and all).  Go enjoy.
Why should you go to Monk's?

The international beer bible. The mussels (oh, the mussels). The crispy bintje frites with aioli. The tender, flavorful coq au vin. The braised veal cheeks and rabbit terrine. The warm wood furnishings. The intimate lighting and wonderful music selections. Truly, Monk's is a Belgian bar par excellence. 

Why shouldn't you go to Monk's?

I'd like to enjoy a Belgian beer, savor an expertly prepared continental dish, and linger at Monk's with my friends at an actual table on Saturday night. My fantasy will be ruined if everyone who lives in Center City is clamoring for beer and frites at this intimate cafe. It's happened before, and you don't want to be responsible for that. 

If Monk's is crowded, I'll know who to blame.
Incredibly delicious menu - I asked my sister if we could eat here daily during my visit. Sadly not, but we ordered 2 small pots of mussels (about 24 mussells each) in 2 of the 8 flavors. We also tried 4 of the roughly 250 beers available; about 20 are on tap, the rest bottled. I was impressed by the "beer bible" listing all the unusual offerings and the history and ingredients of brewing. Service was friendly and sincere, if a little scattered. Given how loud and crowded it was, I give them a free pass.

I'd definitely like to come back!
This place would be great if it was larger than the bathrooms at it's sister restaurants.  I get asked to go to Monk's a couple times a year - and each time I'm foolish enough to go.  Sooner or later I'll remember what a miserable experience the restaurant usually is.

My most recent try was a Saturday night - meeting three friends to eat and drink too much.  We arrived by 8 and were told there would be a one hour wait.  No problem - I expect that in a good restaurant this small.  So I smash myself up against the wall and get to drinking.

Now I'm a big guy - so it might make sense that I'd get bumped a lot in a crowd.  However after the first half hour I began to pick up on the fact that none of the customers were bumping into me... but the servers were EVERY time they passed.

Hour passes, we double check to see where we are on the list because people who showed up on the list AFTER us are seated.  Turns out there was an "oversight" on the list - defined as the host (who does NOTHING but watch the door) didn't write our names down.  SO we're told another half hour.  

EVERYone looking for a table was seated before us.  God we wanted Monk's mussels... but not bad enough to not get seated before 10 when we showed up at 8.  So we went off to Nodding Head.

My problem isn't that this happened to me Saturday night.  My problem is that this happens to me EVERY time I go if it's not at lunch.

Upsides - Killer beer menu.  Knowledgeable bar tenders.  Great mussels and good menu in general.

Downsides - Long wait, overcrowded, stuffy and uncomfortable seating.  Always packed with beer snobs who are not leaving.  Rude if not crappy wait staff.  

Now - I'm not saying Monk's has bad food or beer.  If you can make it for lunch - definitely do.  Otherwise - skip it and go to Nodding Head for food (owned by the same peeps - it has all the high points off the menu and good craft brews) or Eulogy if you're looking for Belgian beer.
If a liquid lunch is your thing, then cab it over to Monks, because they have some beer there that will kick your butt. As an extra added bonus, it's one of the most extensive and inventive beer menus around, which makes it a great find for beer snobs like yours truly.

Sure, it kinda feels like you're sitting in your cousin Helen's rec room circa 1982, and the food is ok (at least the pulled pork sandwich I got and the broccoli / veggie sandwich my friend had were pretty average) - the service is great and they won't kick you out if you stay too long (thank you, bespectacled waitress). Next time I go I'll make sure to eat more and drink less, because I have a feeling that I didn't experience Monk's to its fullest potential. Or maybe I did...is this how they kick it in Belgium?
It's too dark in here to really see your food and they served me chicken wings that were raw and bloody in the middle--not a good combination. Then they copped an attitude instead of apologizing.  I informed the manager that chicken not heated to 120F can harbor salmonella. "You're your not going to get salmonella!" she exclaimed. When I questioned her credentials, did she have advanced degree in microbiology or was an MD, she accused me of having had too much to drink.  

Shame on these arrogant, incompetent a##holes.
I like beer.  Do you like beer?  If so, Monk's is the place for you.  

After walking all around Philly during the Memorial Day Holiday, we had worked up quite a thirst.  We knew that Monk's was a craft beer Mecca and we were not disappointed.  They've got a fantastic tap list, including four from Russian River Brewing, and maybe a hundred or so bottles to choose from.  We needed little time for deliberations-round of Pliny to get us started.  Hoppy DIPA bliss, and at 8% a sweet buzz.  

Now we wanted some food.  Monk's has a Belgian focus, so we'd be getting mussels.  They've got a few different varieties, all cooked in beer.  We had the traditional and the spicier red version, which I preferred.  The frites they came with were outstanding as well.  They know what they are doing with the mussels and they were also quick to rid our tables of accumulated shell pots as we worked our way through the three pounds of mussels we devoured.  More Russian River pints followed-the delicious Saison for me and Blind Pig for my little lady.  It was a perfect boozy lunch for us.  

We enjoyed our time at Monk's so much that we returned the next day for more pints at the bar.  Staff was friendly and chatty with us discussing their sweet connections for all those prized kegs from RR.  Loved our time at Monk's.  You had us at Pliny.
Mr. Joy has a thing for Pliny the Elder, so off to Monk's Cafe. We got a couple of beers while we waited for a table to have dinner. I got the Monk's Sour Ale, which was pretty sweet, and very smooth. The small, narrow space was full, and it took about half an hour for us to get seated. But sipping on our beverages and perusing through the Beer Bible kept us occupied. Eventually, we were led to our table in the dining room towards the back. It was a tight squeeze, but it was easier to hold a conversation there.

$13.95 Brussels Burger w/ bacon & cheddar:
Mr. Joy insists that beers go with burgers and he loves bacon, so Brussels was an easy choice. I found the meat patty to be pretty juicy, and the cheese was nicely melted over the beef. The bun was very fluffy. If the patty to bun ratio were a little more even, that would have been great. 


$16.95 Monks Mussels - Gueuze, fume, garlic & parsley (1.5 lb. of mussels), comes w/ Pommes Frites:
A pot filled to the brim with 1.5 lb. of mussels and a plate of fries, which also appeared to be 1.5 lb. was placed before me. The aroma was already very enticing and the mussels themselves had a nice, bouncy texture. Once I ate enough mussels to uncover the broth underneath, I dipped the sourdough bun into the pot and got a nice beer broth flavor. 

I left full of moules & frites & beer. There are so many other things on the menu and on the never-ending list of craft beers. I'd come back to try other sours and the starters too.
Monk's used to be hands down one of the most incredible places to dine. However, changes that have occurred in the past year have made it a place that, while still good I'm sure, just don't bring me back there anymore. 

First off, mussel prices have essentially doubled. The same serving of mussels that was 9-10 bucks around autumn of last year is now $17. Don't get me wrong - they're tasty. But $17 is a bit steep for food at a bar. 

Second, Monk's has been nearly impossible to get a table at on any day of the week for a while now. Not sure if they amped up publicity or what, but I've tried going there on off hours on three different weekdays, and the wait has been absurd and the place is crammed full of people, so I've left. 

I've switched to another Belgian pub now, one where I don't have to yell to hear myself or wait an hour to eat.
Super sweet bar keep
Lack luster decor but with
low light perfection

Heading back to our cars we passed Monk's and based on the shear volume of comments and praise (and the desire for just one more) we rolled in. I'll be honest and say I expected a bit more...maybe a more ornate bar...just felt it a bit plain. But who cares, they have beer and a LOT of it! You know the term paralysis by analysis...that was totally us. 

Choices were made, beers were bought, laughs were had. I would not hesitate to go back, but don't know that I would say to myself, "Self, let's go to Monk's"
NOT a fan.  Never liked Monk's that much to begin with, frankly, and as the years go by I like it less and less.

The days are long gone when Monk's was on a very short list of craft-beer bars in town: There are now dozens where once stood only a handful.  It is always too crowded there, the service at the bar is bizarrely inattentive and bordering on rude, the prices are on the high side, and the crowd is far too button-down Rittenhouse-y for my taste.

The things Monk's does well (beer selection, mussels, Belgian frites) are all available in as-good-if-not-better forms all around town, and without the crowds and attitude.
I love Monk's Cafe. As a big fan of beer, and more specifically strong Belgian beer, this place never disappoints. The list of available beers, whether on tap or in bottle, is extensive and the bartenders are very knowledgeable about the selection. I prefer to hang out at the back bar as the bar in the front is smaller and seating is frequently unavailable.

Usually I come here to drink and do not eat, but I have sat down for a meal on the rare occasion. My favorite are the Thai Curry mussels. I've had some of the other mussel dishes and this one is by far the best in my opinion. Their burgers are also good.

I definitely recommend checking this place out. Just beware that it is almost always crowded and you will most likely have to wait for a table to become available.
We visited Monks for lunch....not as good as we remember it .  We have not been for years and thought moules, frites and beer to start our weekend visit in Philly sounded like a plan....was just OK .... The frites or fries were soggy and thin....the mussels/moules were good but nothing great ... The beer selection good but the man who waited on us rude...it was not crowded not even close to a lunch time crowd ... And after that service I would not return and will certainly not suggest this place to others !!!  With all the wonderful places in Philly this certainly on the bottom of the list !
For my 400th review, I am going to review Monks. Monks is a beer lovers haven and I love this place. I have been here a few times and was here recently for Zwanze Day.

Wow, what an awesome place. The beer they got here on tap was absolutely incredible.. How many places can you find Cantillion and Russian River offerings in the area? Not many, if at all. Sure, the prices can be high, but the rarity makes it worth  the while. Lots of other good offerings too with a large bottle list sorted by location.

I also find it funny when people ordered a mixed drink or ask for shots here. It happens. 

Sure, the food can be better, but who the heck comes here for food.

hi5.
Given all of the great reviews of Monk's, we were very excited to check it out! It was a Thursday night and the bar was not busy. We waited a few minutes to be seated and grabbed a few beers.  That's when it went downhill...we ordered dinner entrees (including the well reviewed mussels)and waited...and waited....and waited.  We waited over an hour for our food to arrive! NO apologies or acknowledgement from our server!
My husband's entree was hot as expected but my mussels were lukewarm...at BEST. This is pretty offputting considering how long we waited and the fact that it is seafood! No one wants poorly cooked-bacteria laden seafood!
This was brought to the sever's attention and another plate of mussels was brought in 10 minutes.  They were piping hot, but the and flavor was just nothing remarkable. The pomme frites were delicious.
Overall a disappointing dinner.
Monk's, I am in love with you.  Your beer selection is divine, your "Beer Bible" can educate even the most adamant connoisseur, and your pommes frites are exquisite.  I never thought I'd say that about french fries, but there it is.

But while all of these things made me swoon, none of them were responsible for my falling head over heels in love with you.  That would be the work of your lovely bartender (Maggie?) who made the smart decision to play Elliott Smith records in their entirety on a Friday night.  It sounds like a bummer, but really it was just right - most people were talking over the music, and sensitive souls like me were quietly enjoying it. This was certainly a back bar experience to remember.
HAIL SEITAN (Cheesesteak sammich)!

Monk's Cafe is rad.  How rad is rad?  Remember the movie "Rad" from 1986 when BMX was all the radical rage and made us all want to be rad with our bikes?  Well, think of that kind of rad and add 10^RAD and you will be somewhere close.

You may be wondering, "Wtf does a movie about BMX and bad hair have to do with Monk's Cafe?".  Chill, Winston and keep reading...also, stop interrupting, I will get to the damned point.

Anyhow, Monk's is rad for the following reasons:

1.  They have beers.
2.  They have tonnes of beers.
3.  Their list of beers was originally held up next to that Moses guy and his commandments, but they left that information out of the beeeble because they did not want beer to outshine his drug-induced preachings to the peeps.
4.  They have seitan on their menu. -- Raddest thing of all, in my opinion.

What is seitan?  It is wheat gluten that resembles meat in texture, taste and visual representation.  Yes, it is vegan.  No, I am not a vegan.  Yes, meat eaters can eat vegan food.  Is it good?  Go grab the seitan cheesesteak sammich at Monk's.  Eat it, change your pants (because you will have creamed them over how damned good the sammich is) and then come tell me how rad it was and how you will follow me around like people used to follow that Moses guy.

You cannot go wrong with Monk's Cafe (apart from the fact that it is in center city and I really do loathe going to the city) especially since they serve so many damned fine beers and have a menu of foods that will please your palate.

So, with that, let's see what we have so far:

1.  Rad review for Monk's beer and seitan selections?  Check
2.  Seemingly drug-addled and distracted writing?  Check
3.  Cynical remarks made toward religion?  Check.
5.  Numbers that are out of sequence? Check.

My work is done here, folks.  Go get some seitan and bow down to the fallen angel of the meat world.

****Note to those who did not like the service****

Have a nice quadruple while you are waiting for everything...you will be too pissed to even care about the service at that point.
I can't let my 2013 review stand any longer. It seriously states: "I'm not a beer drinker. Let's mention that first."

So times have, um, changed... and now I enjoy beer quite a bit. I read my last review and wonder why my friend would order the Damnation for me when I didn't like beer. That seems silly. Nonetheless. I just wanted to say that I love Monk's despite what can be some crazy crowds and long waits on weekend nights. They serve some amazing beers!

I also didn't like burgers in 2013 (....yeah, I don't even know) so I can also now report that their burger is delicious. Yep.

Monk's is fantastic. I think that covers this update.
If you love beer and mussels this is the place for you!

Monk's was suggested to us by my boyfriends mother and after her ranting and raving about how delicious their mussels were we had to come check it out for ourselves. We arrived around 8PM Saturday night and the place was absolutely packed. This is a very small and narrow pub with bar seating and tables in the front and the back of it. We were able to snag a seat at the bar after about 15 minutes of waiting around and standing so we got lucky. We ended up eating at the bar which I wish we didn't and had waited for a table because it was extremely tight and we had a lot of people hovering over us waiting to grab a drink from the bar. But these mussels are well worth the uncomfortable seating experience and I would do it all over again in a heart beat.

There are four different styles of mussels to choose from and we decided on getting two of the Monks style which has gueuze, fumé, garlic & parsley flavoring. I have no idea what half of that means but to me it was a garlicky white wine sauce and it was AMAZING! The mussels are served in these silver pots and are piled high with sweet and delicious mussels. I thought the size of the mussels were perfect, I hate the consistency and texture of large mussels so I was very happy with these. Our dishes were served with pomme frites and a delicious sauce that was addicting. The fries were super thin and it was easier to eat them with a fork which made dipping in that crack sauce much easier.

I honestly would drive to Philly just for another taste of these mussels. 

As for tips for getting a spot at Monk's Café... get there early the place fills up and it fills up quickly.
WOW. That's all I can say.

I'm not a drinker, but that didn't stop me from coming here to enjoy some pub food. Granted this was my first time trying pub food, I didn't have a lot of expectations. But I was blown away by the menu. I was wavering between the fish stew, salmon, and duck confit, but because one of my friends highly recommended the duck salad, I ended up ordering that instead.

I can't say enough good things about the duck. It was seared to a perfect medium-rare. I had asked for the dressing on the side, but thought that the salad already tasted good as it was with the cranberries and candied walnuts. I ended up not touching the goat cheese, but thought the salad tasted just fine without it. (For me, not having the cheese was just a personal preference.)

I will definitely be coming back for a second, third... probably fourth time lol to try out the rest of the menu.
Like actual monks, Monk's is no joke. 

Monk's Cafe has a superb selection of beers from around the world. There's no way you can't find something you like, unless you don't like beer. And if that's the case, what's wrong with you? Found some high ABV wheat beers and I was content. 

Seeing how we had an early dinner we got some snacks as well. Very good spinach dip. Everything was perfect. 

Note the place does get packed and it might be hard to get a table so late. They told us half an hour, and while we were debating if we wanted to stay (probably would have left), a table for two opened up in the back. 

Good times, excellent beer, great food.
3.5 stars. 

5 stars: the beer selection
3 stars: their burger. Decently sized, done how I ordered it, tasted fine. Their fries were also average, but I do have to say the bourbon mayo was pretty great. 
2 stars: the thai curry mussels. SUPER SUPER bland. They needed a lot more of everything (curry, coconut milk, lemon grass). It was a massive portion at least.
I came here last night after arriving late on a long and tumultuous bus ride.  I had always heard about Monk's, the mussels, and the beer list, but never had the opportunity or time to check it out.  When I finally did, it was life changing.

First, the beer list is phenomenal, albeit overpriced for Philly standards (most beers on tap are $8).  Free from "lager", they feature a slate of regional and European craft beers, as well as many, many, many, many bottles from all over the world.  And you have to read the beer bible if you can, if not for the humor and light-hearted approach to beer, for the informative lessons about how its made and the many different types.  Even your beer snob buddies might learn a thing or two.

Second, we knew it was clearly a foodie place when we got there after 10 and STILL had to wait for a table (much to the disbelief of some passerby).  The wait at that point was pretty short, but it would all be worth it for the other main reason why you come here: The Mussels.

You cannot get better mussels anywhere else in Philly.  Why?  Because you get a huuuuuge pot of gourmet mussels with fries and bread for $10.  Seriously.  It's like one of the city's best kept foodie secrets.  And they're really good mussels too.  I had the Ghent mussels (amazingly savory with bacon, bleu cheese, leeks, fume, and simmered in Saison Dupont), while he had the Red Light (Hoegaarden Broth with spicy chili peppers, chervil, and garlic).  Why do more people not take advantage of this amazing deal?

Apparently, they have really good burgers too, but that'll be for the return trip.  For now, this was hands down one of the best, if not the best dinner I've had in a really long time in Philly.
The food is delicious, the beer selection is the best in Philadelphia, and they know it.  I have never experienced the waitstaff going out of their way to make sure I am having a positive experience at this establishment.  It does not seem to hurt their business though since it is nearly impossible to get a seat at the bar and the wait for a table is at least half an hour on any given night of the week.  When trying to decide which of their many beers to try, we asked for a sample of one of their on-tap beers and were told, "We don't do that.  They are too expensive." 

If you are looking for a specific beer that is difficult to find and are not in a hurry, this is the place to go.  If you are simply looking to try a new beer that suits your palate, I would recommend going to one of the dozens of other beer bars in Philadelphia that has a diverse and unique selection.  Most of them have more personable service and will let you sample before committing to a $9 beer.  If you are craving Monk's delicious burger, mussels, or frites with the dipping sauce, go to the Nodding Head (same owner).  The menu is quite similar and you will most likely be seated promptly.
This place never disappoints me. Always with great draft options and bottles. Draft options rotates enough that I can at least find something new every time I come. The latest visit (this past weekend) Pliny the elder was on tap. Was a treat for us east coasters. 

Great food choices. I usually opt for the mussels and fries. However have tried a bit more exotic dishes (for a bar) like duck, if you're into that kinda thing go for it. If not, have some beer and try going for it again. Only nitpick would be that the food is always on the slightly saltier side. Annoying before the first 2 beers. After 2 beers, everything is awesome, so who cares. 

Service is always friendly and quick. Patrons are always chill as well. Can always carry on a amicable chat outside when smoking. Seating is a bit tight, but it adds to the atmosphere in an odd way.
I finally visited this Philly legend, as I suggested it as an outing for our softball team (Yes, Kevin S and I are on the same team).

Monk's did not disappoint.  I found myself literally overwhelmed by the selections of beers available (over 90+ and from all around the world), I went with a Belgium beer- Belle Elle Etvee (or something like that). Despite my inability to pronounce it right, the bartender was still able to grab the right bottle and hand me my beer. Kudos!

One note-its a great bar and thus popular.  Definitely worth the wait and dealing with a crowd.  Also beers start at $8 and up, but again definitely worth it.  

I definitely plan to come back, as I need to check out the food fare also, which is highly recommended.
I am not a foodie or a beer snob but I love Monk's.  Hanging out in the back bar room with various varieties of mussels and beers makes for a really good evening.
Even if I wasn't a craft beer geek, particularly Belgian beers, this place would still get a top rating for the food and atmosphere. But I am, so Monk's Cafe` won me over completely. I was in Philly for several days, and my first visit I sat alone at the bar and had a few beers with lunch. 

The draft list is stunning - you're going to find beers here that you will not find at many places in the US, perhaps no other places outside Belgium. They do in fact have a Flemish sour ale (which is superb) brewed especially for them by a Belgian brewery. But fear not if you don't like sour beers, or Belgian beer in general - they also have a nice selection of American IPAs (including hard to find Pliny The Elder from Russian River Brewing) and other styles like porter and stout. The bottle list has a couple of hundred additional options, but I generally stick with what's on draft.

But on to the food. One of their specialties is mussels and Belgian frites, but I went for a veggie spin on a local dish - a seitan cheese steak sandwich. Made with gruyere cheese and with sauteed onions and mushrooms added, it was a comfort food delight on a damp day in February.

I returned the next day for lunch with my wife, again sitting at the bar, determined to make my way further through the beer and food menu. She is more of a foodie than a beer person, and she was mightily impressed by her fish stew, which uses Duvel, a strong Belgian golden ale, in the stock. I went with the duck salad sandwich, duck breast grilled medium (at my request, the standard is medium rare) with baby greens, goat cheese, walnuts, and craisins. The duck (at only $13.95) was better than similar dishes I've had at higher end restaurants for twice the price. 

Service is very efficient and knowledgeable, particularly about the beer offerings. It's a fairly small place, and super popular, so get there early (they open at 11:30 a.m.) or late (they serve their full menu until 1 a.m.) or you will likely be waiting for a table, since they don't take reservations.

Definitely one of the highlights of my visit to Philly, and a must stop any time I return.
Despite living around the corner from Monk's, and drinking there often, I'd never had a meal there. While the beer selection is worthy of 5 stars alone, the food there is great as well. I'll be adding Monk's to my list of convenient, casual and cheap restaurants.

Only downside was one SUPER CRANKY waitress who made up more rules than you could believe: everyone in your party must be eating to be seated at a table, a table can only have 1 extra chair pulled up to it, no split bills of any kind... oh well..
I've never had a bad time here.  Monk's is a near flawless bar, with a fantastic beer selection and excellent food.  Every time I go to Monk's, I try a beer that I've never had before and that I think is awesome.  The crowds are a bit much on the weekends, but I don't hold it against the establishment.  The crowd is always friendly and if you pick someone up here, there is a higher-than-average chance that they are a good conversationalist.

I have a little criticism - The pommes frites are fantastic, but they are cursed with two major weaknesses - they are too small and soft.  When I dip them, they buckle, for their stiffness loses out to the surface tension of the spicy mayo dip.  As a result of this, I always end up getting spicy mayo on my fingers when I dip them.  I usually end up turning to using my fork to eat them halfway through the meal.  I don't enjoy doing this but I have no choice because they taste great.  If any Monk's employees are reading this, please make the pommes frites a little bit more resilient and longer.
Let's talk beer. How I haven't rated this place before is beyond my realm of comprehension. Monks is the ultimate beer lovers haven. If you're looking for a ridiculous selection of Belgian beer with great food available look no further. For those of my Russian river brewery lovers, monks is the only spot on the east coast that RR distributes to. So, on any given night if you play your cards right you can have a blind pig and eat frog legs too. My fiancé once had the coveted pliny the elder. Monks never disappoints. Get a crazy beer and the frog legs. You're welcome.
Monks is quite possibly the most overrated burger and beer place in the city.  Yes -- they have a wide beer selection, but it's not worth waiting to be seated or waiting for the boring food.  The service is average and the food is really not that great.  If you want Belgian beers, you can get many of them at other bars in the city like Eulogy, Prohibition, and even Jose Pistola's.
If there were once place in this city i could spend every penny i had on drinks this would be it.  Although it fills up almost every night you can not go wrong in this place, if you are new to the amazing world of beer-snobbery the bartender or your server will be happy to suggest something for you and even give you some background information on the beer.  The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is great, and god damn is the beer menu perfect.  An easy place to blow 100 bucks on beer and the best hangover of your life.  I don't care how far you live from this place, you have to make a pilgrimage to get here and get some drinks in. 10/10  hands down the best place to drink if your credit limit will allow it.
If you can say - "Well, we had to wait for 40 min outside (because it was so freakin' crowded), and our waitress was a real jerk, but.... I loved this restaurant and really want to go back!" - then, you know it is a REALLY special place!  

3 girls. 3 shared plates of food: Frog legs; cheese/pâté/fruit plate; some kind of uber yummy french fries with cheese.  Many beers.  I'd say best beers ever.  Happy buzzes.  Full tummies.  Yummy!
I love Monks and I'm not even a buddhist. 

Great selection of imported beers.

Fabulous quality of food as well. The duck salad sandwich is delish. The burgers are one of the best I've ever had. The fries are addicting. 

If you're meeting with a group of friends in the city to catch up, monks is what I would recommend. Great beer with great food is an amazing marriage. Oh yeah, the service here has also been top notch as well.
Stopped in for a beer here on a Wednesday night. The hostess asked if we were here for drinks or food. We said drinks and she informed Us that tables were only for dining and we could look to see if there was seating at either bars. After finding none, I left back out. Meanwhile there were a bunch of tables open, I would think that they would let people sit down who were just having drinks because it wasn't a busy night. On a weekend day or night I could understand this rule but I don't want to stand up in a not -packed bar. 

This equals bad service to me, and there are too many other places in the city to deal with this on a midweek evening.
The imported beer is sooo expensive. Okay fine. They can't help that. I'd say 4-5 stars on the selection of beer.

Otherwise the place is crowded and dark. There is no place to sit. And we're not even allowed to sit at the tables when it's midnight and no one is eating. Just because. While the food was good, I'm sure, the ambiance left much to be desired.
Haters to the left, please.

Seriously, I don't understand the complaints. I almost died when I read that rogue Septa bus smashed into the front of it; how was I going to survive for a week without Monk's mussels? This isn't Gianna's, vegans. And if you come here and order a seitan burger or a salad, you're wasting everyone's time, yours included. Sure, they have it on the menu. But you wouldn't buy sushi from a 7-11 just because it's there. You go to 7-11 for a slurpee when you are drunk.

That being said, If you are looking for the best mussels in the city, look no further. Boyfriend and I have tried almost every kind of small pot they offer, with the exception of the apples and gruyere; there is no convincing the boyfriend that apples belong in entrees. Their mussels are divine, perfectly cooked every time, flavorful, beard-less for the most part, and in abundance. Is there anything more perfect than devouring an entire pot of mussels and dipping your bread in the delicious broth at the bottom, only to find a mussel that escaped his shell and had been hiding beneath a yummy sea of garlic and leeks? To me, it's like this: Do you remember Christmas morning as a child, after all the presents had been opened and your excitement was starting to wane and then you spotted one last box under the tree? That's what it's like. Eating mussels at Monk's is like Christmas morning.

I can't speak to the extensive "beer bible" Monk's boasts, as the most beer-y thing I'll drink is a Lindemann's Framboise (much to the chagrin of the boyfriend, who considers it a joke that something bright pink and fruity would dare to call itself a beer), but the boyfriend has taken it for a spin on our many, many visits to this amazing restaurant, and has had nothing but high praise for both the beer itself and the number of options. 

It can get crowded on the weekends after 7, but there is usually room at the back bar to enjoy an adult beverage or two while you wait.
Monks versus Eulogy. Who will win the battle of the Belgium Beer Bars?

French Fries: I prefer the thin cut crispy goodness of the Monks fries to the twice fried steak-fries at Eulogy.  Both come with delicious spicy mayo. (Point goes to Monks)

Moules (mussels): Both "House" recipes are delicious. The portions at Monk's seemed a bit bigger and the mussels more tender but in terms of flavor the Eulogy mussels outshined their cross town competitor competitor.  (Point goes to Eulogy)

Atmosphere: Both are dark and crowded and have that European feel.  The crowd at Monks is a bit more touristy and at Eulogy you get the "underage vibe" at times due to it's proximity to the college drinking mecca that is Mad River. (Point goes to neither)

Verdict: Tie.  Go to both and decide yourself...
Holy Shit- what happened to this place?!!!!
I think that Fergie needs to get his ass in here more often- cause whoa' nelly has the service gone way downhill!!!!!!!

I hadn't been there in awhile, and granted it was a Friday night- but the bartender muttered something about wishing he had a bazooka after I asked him a question about one of the beers. Nice. 

So,I agree 110% with what Marissa said about this place...
"If you are going to be an emporium of belgium beers then your staff should know enough about the beer to make a thoughtful recommendation." I also know my beers, but did not know about one of the sours they had on draft. Well fuck me- I may as well have asked this guy if I could punch him in the face, cause his face was horrified when I asked for a tasting. Now, for a $9 draft that I had never heard of- I couldn't even try a shot? That is downright greedy Fergie.

I agree that the beer selection is AMAZING, but the food was really underwhelming; with shitty service I won't be going back anytime soon.
Monk's was rated in the top ten of world bars-this place is abeer loversheaven upon the Earth. The downside tot his location is the limited,. if any available parking at all, $$$$ parking lots, small bar, huge crowds on weekends, and even week nights, and $$ priced ales. However, at least checkingout this place once in your life is amust if you are a beer lover, as I am. Monk's has the honor of serving unique ales that can only be found here, besides Europe at times. The aesthetics of the place reminds me of bars in Brussels, very authentic, with an upscale clinetel. The food is fine, but the beer is where it's at!! A must see if you love beer and are i nthe center city Philly area,
Stumbled upon this gem yesterday. I was expecting your typical pub with okay pub food and a decent list of beers. Boy was I wrong. The menu is short but I suspect everything is delicious based how well my burger was cooked and tasted. The beer list is phenomenal. Top quality beers from all over the world, many, hard to find. They aren't cheep but then again that isn't what this place is about. I was impressed with the amount and quality of beer on their list.
I have now waited 3 months to write this as doing justice to this place is difficult with just words. What better time than making Monk's my 100th review while just turning Elite'13? Joy.

Mussels

DeKoninck: This one with the apples, gruyere, caramelized leeks and garlic has got to be my favorite kind. If you are a person who does not really like fruits in their food, give this a shot. Might sound weird at first, but it works nothing but flawlessly the sweet and tangy leeks.

Brussels: This is probably your most common and traditional kind. If you aren't an adventurous eater, this is the way to go.

Ghent: with the bleu cheese, it has a very sharp and distinct taste, so if you like bleu cheese, I guess you know what you are doing. Not to mention it has bacon?!

Petite Dejeuner: oatmeal stout, baby spinach and goat cheese, this babe is my 2nd favorite and absolutely a stunning beauty in the whole list.

Thai Curry: Made with Monk's flemish sour, basil and coconut milk, it sounds amazing but it def proved me wrong. I quite did not like what I tasted, all the thai flavors quite does not compliment the mussels, only takes away from it. Best way to try this is to make someone else order it!

The Pommes Frites, those whom of us has put these deliciousness in our mouths know what the big deal is. The bourbon aioli is nothing short of ecstasy. Also, the curried butternut squash hummus in their app menu is probably one of the surprise your tastebuds. Must try!

After everything said and done, I love nothing more than getting a[many] Petrus and my mussels, sitting at the back room, kicking back and having some quality conversation with my loved ones. If you are in the mood for sweets, ask to see the dessert tray and pick from all the delectable tarts and cakes and mousses they have to offer. You can't really go wrong in this place.

Did i tell you they have 6packs of Petrus to go? Yessire!
I agree, the beer list is overwhelming, however, the brews are fantastic and shame on you if you rate Monk's below three stars. Monk's is where my love affair with Chimay bloomed and blossomed. The french fries are out-of-this-world!!! I've experienced the hostess being a little gatekeepery, but the selection and quality of beers and food trumps any downside. Cheers and enjoy.
They have tons of great beers on tap and in bottle.  Mussels are great, as well as some of their sandwiches and large plates.  

They obviously feel like they don't have to be nice to me because they have a great reputation and put out a quality product.  However, I can't stand the condecending attitudes that the staff seems to always have.  

The last time I was in, the bartender was sitting on the beer cooler, reading a book while my glass was empty.  She didn't smile, talk to me, or express any interest that I was even there; and it was a slow Wednesday with only a half dozen or so people at the bar.  Because I love rare and obscure beer from time to time, I can't help but to revisit Monk's probably once every six months or so, always hoping the service improves, but I've yet to see anything that makes me want to come in more often.
Monk's is one of the few Belgium bars in Philadelphia and perhaps my favorite. It's cool and unpretentious, is centrally located, and their burgers and mussels have never disappointed. The red light, thai curry, and Ghent mussels are some of my favorites. All mussels are 1 1/2 pounds, and comes with bread and a heaping mound of fries. It's often shared by a table, but can easily be a main course. Burgers are also pretty good - I'd recommend the Ghent or Antwerp. Try to come earlier for dinner, otherwise it can get quite crowded and loud.
Ok - This review is for Beer Lovers - If you are not a beer connoisseur, you will not appreciate all the Monk's has to offer.  It's a dark place, bathroom is not the best - but the beer list is OUTSTANDING and the food is cool too!!  I am born and raised in Philly - so I know all about MONK's, but I am not a regular - l tend to bring friends and my family who are visiting from out of town to enjoy the gifts that MONK's has to offer.

Understand, it will always be crowded - if you know this and are a regular - walk past the 1st bar and go to the back bar.  If you are a mussel lover - this is good - Monk's has got you covered.  The other menu items are usually consistently tasty as well. Now - Beer - too much to cover in this area - but trust me - the selection is CRAZY GOOD and just enjoy yourself and the crowd that they pull in.  

I will warn - the staff are generally friendly, but you may get that rogue-obnoxious staff person who is just RUDE - overlook them and enjoy the BEER!!
Having recently turned 21, I haven't really had the chance to explore all that Philadelphia has to offer. That being said, one place I was told that I absolutely HAD to go to was Monk's. 

I'm going to go ahead and reiterate that it is ALWAYS busy. My friend and I went on a Sunday night around 8pm and there was still a wait for a table. We ended up eating at the front bar, which was perfectly fine. 

I've never been a huge beer fan and only just now started to explore Belgian beers. It was a bit overwhelming to look at that huge beer list because I was at a complete loss. I ended up just getting one of the beers on tap and it was reallllly good. The food is also pretty good. I had the Antwerp Chicken Sandwich and while it wasn't anything to brag about, the fries were SO GOOD. I'd go back there just for them. Be prepared to spend money, though. The beers are wicked expensive.

All in all, it has a nice warm atmosphere, despite the slightly pretentious staff. Definitely go for the experience at least.
I'll start by saying the lanky librarian looking, juvenile hostess is MISERABLE!!! OMG! We walked in with my nephew who is about one year old and she refused to seat us at a larger table that could accommodate the stroller or a high chair ... when the restaurant was empty. She stuck us in a corner, crammed in like sardines, and when we asked to move she ignored us. They should be more accommodating and sensitive to a customer's needs, especially if the restaurant is empty and they need the business. I went to use the restroom and this low life waiter barged through as I was trying to pass. I'm sorry, but aren't you supposed to let the patron pass first? The food is average bar food, nothing special at all. Not sure what the delusional hype is about, but I definitely won't return.
Monk's is an easy choice when looking for a cozy (though not quiet) place to grab a burger and some tasty beers. They have an excellent selection of domestic and international beers and a consistently delicious menu. This is definitely one of those places where you order the same thing every time you come in, because when you find a good thing, you hold on to it. Monk's is owned by Philly's best-known barman, Fergie, who also holds sway at the Standard Tap and Fergie's. He knows his beer and isn't afraid to skip mass-market swill, so don't bother ordering a Bud Light. Try a Stella Artois instead...you get the picture. 
The food at Monk's is pub grub with a belgian twist: steamed mussels in a broth, pommes frittes, and beef/chicken/tuna/veggie burgers offered in a number of styles. For instance, my favorite smothers boursin cheese and alfalfa sprouts on top of whatever burger variation you choose, on a chewy Le Bus bakery roll. 
It's dark, it's no longer smoky, and it's very convenient in CC.
This isn't a review about the food at Monk's, because obviously those have been done. This is about the management and their bizarre policy of not letting people take home leftover mussels. I went to Monk's recently with three friends late one weekday night, when the restaurant was not that busy so we were able to be seated right when we arrived and were served our food rather quickly. At the end of our meal I asked to get our leftover food to-go, and was told by the server that they couldn't do that. Food waste is a big pet peeve of mine, so I pressed the issue and asked to speak to the manager. When I did speak to the manager he was rather condescending throughout the whole exchange, and didn't once at least express some sympathy to my position (even something along the lines of "I understand what you're saying but I don't want to get in trouble with my boss" would have at least made me feel like I was being heard).

Now I know this isn't an issue most people would get so annoyed over, but it's just one of the things my frugal parents drummed into me--don't waste anything you can avoid wasting. So I'm sorry, but if I paid for it I should get to take it home, without snide remarks about "food safety concerns" from the management. Aside from the issue of food waste--which apparently Monk's isn't concerned about--this isn't even something based on actual science or FDA recommendations (which states that cooked shellfish can be safely kept if properly refrigerated for 3-4 days). I cook a lot, even with various kinds of fish, so I knew this even before I requested a take-home container. I really do not appreciate a manager telling me that the food I paid for will go bad by the next day (which is most definitely will not unless I leave it out on my kitchen counter or unless they didn't cook it properly to begin with) and therefore their policy is to never let people take mussels home. A) It should be none of your business what I do with the food I buy from you--maybe I was going to eat it that night, give it to a homeless man, hell, use the shells to crush up for a garden path--and B) if your going to force your staff to pigheadedly defend a policy at least do some research before establishing that policy. I mean even on the surface it makes no sense--if what the manager was claiming was true the Italian place down the block would never be able to pack up your leftover clam linguine, not to mention that all sushi places would have to have a strict no take-out policy (which of course they don't, and uncooked fish has an even shorter shelf-life).

So long story short, because of their bizarre policy and management that couldn't be bothered to show an ounce of sympathy, I will not be going to Monk's again (or any of the other restaurants owned by the same people)--which to be honest is a shame because the beer selection is nice and I do like the food. Good thing you can't throw a stick in this city without hitting a good restaurant that serves mussels (Eulogy, Oyster House, Valanni, Royal Tavern, pretty much any Italian restaurant, etc.), so I'll be able to satiate my mussel cravings at places with more thought-out policies and nicer staff.
If you're a fan of real Belgian beer (Blue Moon devotees, beware!), then Monk's might just be your new favorite watering hole. Boasting one of the best all-around beer menus on the Eastern Seaboard (familiarly referred to as the "Bible"), Monk's is a Philadelphia mainstay and a late-night oasis, known for a rare pairing of great beer and great food.  

A welcome departure from its greasy neighbors (think: Little Pete's), Monk's offers a refreshingly un-barlike menu until 1am every night.  Try the house special mussels (there are quite a few styles, each named after a Belgian city -- I recommend the "Ghent" mussels, which come in a beer-based sauce flavored with bacon, leeks, and blue cheese), or the braised veal cheeks.  If you're craving a more traditional midnight snack, order a burger with fries-- better than most burgers around town!  

Any way you go, Monk's promises to satisfy the palette and the gullet.  If you can deal with a moderate wait and a crowd, then check out this bar as soon as you can.
Philly is a beer drinker's city, and I do enjoy my beer. You can therefore imagine how spoiled I was when my ex was living in Philly. Every time I'd visit him, we'd either check out a bar (Foodery and Eulogy are also pretty great places for beer) or pick up a couple of beers from Food and Friends to take home (I wish we had "make your own 6 pack" deals like theirs in NY).

I've been to Monk's on many, many occasions, and I've never once experienced bad service or subpar quality food. The waitstaff have a pretty decent to excellent understanding of what they are serving you, which is very helpful considering just how expansive the beer list is. At any bar with such an extensive list, you will always run the risk of your sense of adventure accidentally leading you to select a pretty boring beer (for me, anything described as having chocolate, hazelnut, citrus or coffee notes usually seals the deal for me -- and sometimes my tastes betray me). I will, however, say this: I've always made an effort to try something I've never before tasted, and all things considered, I've still enjoyed more beers at Monk's than I haven't.

In terms of the food, I can make the following recommendations:
1. Try the Monk's Flemish grilled scallops. Yes, they're expensive ($13) and you only get two or three large ones, but they are -- hands down! -- the best scallops I've ever had in my life, and I'm pretty sure most of you will agree.

2. Something must be said for the creative broths in which the mussels are served; there are many interesting combinations of ingredients. These aren't the best mussels I've ever had, but these broths/stews more than make up for anything the shellfish may be lacking on their own. I've tried the Mussels Provence, which are light, delicate and filled with veggie goodness. I've also tried the Mussels Brussels, which definitely tasted like something a Belgian fishwife would ladle out of a cauldron on a nippy afternoon just before a squall (tomato, herbs, garlic, you know the drill). Lastly, I've had the Mussels Ghent, which were in a much thicker broth than the others; they make it with Saison Dupont, and there was bacon and bleu cheese in it, so it was definitely heavy and rich, but very flavorful, and an unusual pairing with seafood.

These were all served with their pommes frites and bourbon mayo, which are good, but not the absolute best frites I've ever had. Regardless, I can't really complain too, too much about them.

3. The beef burgers are also pretty decent. I've had the Antwerp burger (mushrooms and cheese with truffles in it), which was, obviously, pretty shroomy and dreamy. I've also had the Ardennes, which didn't blow my socks off, but it was still pretty savory (sweet ham with cheese). The buns are good quality and fresh.

RECAP:
1. Extensive beer list is great for those who want to try new things and/or stick to old classics. There is something for a newbie and something for a seasoned beer geek.
2. Staff is knowledgeable.
3.  Food may sometimes be expensive, but decent, ESPECIALLY...
~ The Monk's Flemish Grilled Scallops, which are the BEST SCALLOPS EVER.
~ Mussels Ghent for their rich and thick broth made with Saison Dupont, bleu cheese and bacon (delicious!).
~ The Antwerp beef burger is lip-smackingly good what with all of that mushroom awesomeness.

IMPORTANT NOTES:
1. If you're a burger aficionado, and you're coming here to look for the "best burger in the world," you won't find it here. They are tasty, but your particular quest will not be completed at this place. Don't be that guy who goes to Monk's looking for the "burger to rule them all," doesn't drink any beer or eat any mussels, and then gives this place only 3 stars. That's the equivalent of going to a steakhouse in Memphis that is famous for its ribs, ordering a salad and then giving the steakhouse 2 stars because the hardboiled eggs in the Cobb salad were too soft. That would make you a douche.
2. If you hate garlic, don't have any of the seafood. All of the seafood and shellfish dishes I've had here have had garlic in them. I love garlic, you may not.
At Monk's my friends and I are notorious for turning into a pack of sea gulls and attacking the amazing fries and mussels as soon as they hit our table.  My boyfriend and I brought his family from Spain, and they even said that the mussels reminded them of ones they had while visiting Belgium.  

And then there's the beer.  I'm no beer connoisseur by any means, but I know what I don't like.  As long as you know that, and keep an open mind, you are in for some awesome beverages.  

Save room for dessert because seeing that tray full of them will make you salivate (even though you are stuffed from mussels, burgers and fries).  All in all, you can't go wrong at Monk's.
Monk's is great. Except for the attitude. If you have low self esteem but consider yourself a beer geek, then this is the perfect place. This place excels at a grungy smugness that comes from it's place as a leader in the local beer revolution. They deserve respect, but they also need to respect their customers. The arrogance of some of the bartenders and waitstaff really destroys the experience for me.
Well, went back to Monks Café tonight. Sorry to say things have not gotten any better. 

We called ahead because we had a large group. They said they did not take reservations or call aheads, but to come on over and that things were pretty slow. Upon our arrival we were told our wait would be 35 to 45 minutes. The place was packed. It is obvious that the person that answered the phone was completely lying to us.

We made the decision to stick it out for a table. So it was time to get a beer. Only to find out that several of us were forced to go to the back bar to get a beer. When we asked if we could have a small sample of one of their tap beers we were told no. Unbelievable. Who offers that many beers and refuses to give a small sample?

On to dinner. Our group ordered from all corners of the menu. And no one was overwhelmed. The food here is absolutely nothing to write home about. Plus it took forever to get the food out of the kitchen.

Overall, I would encourage anyone from out of town to stay away from this place. It is painfully obvious that they are only interested in working with their local clientele.
I was on the fence about this place. From the outside, it looked super dark and wasn't sure what I was walking into. We sat at the bar and had a few drinks. Our bartender was really friendly. It's a real chill, laid back kind of place. Once we got our drinks, the bartender wasn't in our face all the time asking if we wanted anything else like some other bars I go to. While we didn't have anything to eat, the food looked and smelled delicious, especially the mussels. Will try them the next time.
Great little divey bar with a stellar beer list and great food.

We stopped in at 3 pm on a Friday for a late lunch. It's an unassuming place in a cute neighborhood, clean but a little ratty around the edges. 

First, the food: the menu is Belgium meets Philly. Mussels, frites, cheesesteaks, burgers. They do have a couple of vegan-friendly options. My husband and I had burgers, our friend had a vegan cheesesteak (yes I realize that's actually impossible; it's seitan and I think she left the cheese off).

My burger (which had broccoli rabe and cheese on it) was super juicy and delicious and the french fries were amazing. So, so good. 

The beer list -- well, first there's the draft list, and then there's the bottle "beer bible". Now, in terms of presentation, I've seen more impressive looking lists. I've seen binders and bound menu-style books and tablets. The draft list was a print-out with a few beers crossed out that were gone; the "bible" was a bunch of printed out pages that had been folded in half and stapled, with a slightly raggedy cover. 

But the *content* of the lists was impressive. While there is a focus on Belgian beers, that still covers a pretty good range, and the bottle list has a pretty deep American selection too. There are good descriptions and it's generally interesting to read if you're into that sort of thing.

Service was solid, nothing outrageously good but definitely friendly and competent.

I hope it doesn't take me another 12 years to return to Philadelphia, and I hope next time I can come back here.
Awful. A perfect example of what's wrong with Americans. 

Imagine waiting around for an hour for slow rude service, boring tasteless bland food and beer I could have ordered elsewhere. Its been a year since I went to monks. Geeee why don't I go back and give them a second try? NOT!

I'm not sure why people think this place is great. Perhaps its the whole crowds attract crowds or perhaps, for many, its exciting to get seated after a very long wait, especially after all that time invested it just HAS to be good! Otherwise one might feel pretty darn stupid having waited uncomfortably squeezed up against smelly strangers in some doorway like some dumbass, just to get served slop. 

Its been a year since I posted my review but I just noticed it was removed so here I am writing the wrong, and even still I regret the time I spent there.
Any bar with a bible for beers is one that is after my own heart.

Monks. What can I say? One of my favorite bars in the city. This place has the most extensive beer list I have seen in awhile - and not only do they have all these amazing beers, but the servers know about them. Since I go so often, I always make it a point to try something new and "exotic", and whenever I ask about any of them, the servers know their stuff. I have never gotten something I haven't really enjoyed.

Being that it is a Belgian bar, this is not a place for the lighthearted of beer drinkers. 

What it IS for everyone is amazing food. I've had a lot of their stuff, burgers, fries, what have you, and while all of them are delicious, NOTHING beats their mussels. They have a multitide of different types, from your standard mussels to the spicy thai mussels. 

It's a great place. Grab a chimay and some mussels - just don't forget the gum.
A very inviting Belgium style pub that has a great beer selection and an array of food options - including the seitan based Philly cheesesteak which is what I finally ordered. Can't wait to go back for the mussels!
Monk's is the premier beer bar of Philadelphia, and maybe even the US. You'll never fail to find a rare or special brew in one of their two bars.

They get some stellar stuff and have some epic events. Zwanze Day celebrating Cantillion's special Zwanze brew is just one example of that too.

They do a great job of carrying local, regional, national and international drafts. The bottle list is pretty great too, but I usually stick to drafts.

I've eaten there a handful of times, and while the food is good, you really go to Monk's for the beer. I'm also not a mussel eater, which I hear are notoriously good, so that may impact my overall view of the food. The drafts at the front and back bar vary so be sure to check both out.

There's a reason Monk's has such a good reputation, and why it's filled with locals and tourists alike. It's that establishment you go to for a quality, unique beer experience.
Monks: great beer list, yes. Great beer shop around the corner, Food & Friends or Foodery, yes. Monks: delicious mussels, yes.  Equally delicious mussels at Eulogy, yes. Monks: WORST SERVICE IN PHILADELPHIA, which is saying something, YES.

-Have had several occasions where parties that came in after me, of the same size as mine, were seated before me during a 40-90 minute wait.  I worked in service, I know how seating goes. This was blatant seating of friends.  This has happened to friends of mine where the bartender said "it's like the godfather here, you have to know people".  No it's not. It's a pretentious bar in a city full of great bars with equally impressive offerings that would love to have my money.

-Waitress circled the tip part of my check like i wasn't going to tip! I have never in my life seen anything that tactless and insulting.

Why do i keep going back? Because, I don't want to believe service can be that bad.  But I go back, 1.5-2 years after each previous encounter and always leave feeling violated, robbed of my money and estranged by servers that treat you like you're the lucky one to be in there spending money. 

Ok, the beer list, the beer list - listen, you are in Philadelphia, there are so many phenomenal beer lists around it could make your head explode. Honestly, it's not all it's hyped up to be and not worth your time.  Perhaps karma is why a septa bus ran into the front window a few years ago? (Just another reason not to go)
My one word review of Monk's would be: BOOTY!  And for the men out there, this is the bad sort of 'booty'!

Decided to hit Monk's after realizing it was only blocks away from our hotel, and knew we were going to be drinking LOTS of beer - hooray for short walking distances!  Had I stuck to just the beer, this joint would have easily rated four stars.  But then I messed up and tried the moules and frites.  Hey - I'm a Granville's girl, and I wanted to see what the competition had to offer.  The answer to that question: a big fat NUTHIN'!

I won't even bother talking about the beer except to say the listing is extensive and long.  I wasn't overly impressed - plenty of other places have huge beer lists as well - but obviously it's hard to find fault when you can pretty much drink your way to Nirvana - or Hades, depending on your limit. 

So I peruse the moules listing...  The flavors were okay, but not a lot of diversity.  At the waiters suggestion, I try the Ghent.  Upon arrival, I could see there was a problem.  The frites were seriously disappointing.  WTF!?  You  boast about your - and I quote - "award winning" frites, and then serve what basically looks like nubby shoestring fries in a tiny saucer!?  Noooooooo!  And no variety of dipping sauces, just your lame-o bourbon mayonnaise!?  Even more NOOOOOOO!

I get more annoyed as I have to use my fingertips to even get a good grip on these sorry frite imposters!  And just for the record, good frites should be held with the pads of your fingers.  You shouldn't have to use your fingertips as if you were eating those old skool fried shoestring potato snacks that came in the round tin.  Just had to clarify that...

I finally move on from the basket of yuck, and check out the moules.  More issues.  I hate to make comparisons, but it can't be helped.  At Granville's the moules are on average about 1 1/4 inches long - the meat, not the shells.  They were plump and juicy and oh-so tender.  Just yumehhhh!!  

Monk's...  The average moule was less than an inch.  When I ordered the 'small', I thought it referred to the portion size, not the size of the moule itself!  Was this a seriously 'off' night in the kitchen!? After a while, it was like eating crabs:  a lot of effort for very little payoff.  It was so damn frustrating, I had to order more beer to take my mind off my anger!!

In fact, perhaps that's their strategy - screw the moules and frites, just keep the beer flowing until you don't notice how truly sub-par this meal is!  That has GOT to be the diabolical scheme that keeps people drinking the Kool-Aid - or beer, in this case - night after night. 

Alas, I live in DC, and while I go to Philly fairly often, Monk's will not be on my future Philly To Do list.  In fact, my most pressing concern is getting back to Granville's to rid my mind and palate of that disappointing experience.  I can only hope Teddy's been keeping the place on it's toes in my absence!
Sure Monk's is known for their beer list and mussels, but on a recent lunch date, I had one heck of a burger.  The pommes frites were amazing as noted in other reviews.

It was a bit quiet, but it was nice to sit by the front window.  Service was perfect, as usual.  If you are in this neck of the woods for lunch, go a little south and find yourself one enjoyable meal.
High brow bar food. What, your bar doesn't serve frog legs?

Monk's Café does! Before I got all carried away in thinking all bars were like Monk's, Jocy C explained to me that the food at Monk's Café is not ordinary bar food. Enter the world of gastropubs.

We had a feast for kings! 
- Monk's Flemish Grilled Scallop  (Large sea scallops grilled to perfection! They were caramelized!)
- Spanish Flies  (Super spicy chicken wings! They make your mouth on fire!)
- Veal Cheeks  (One of my favorite dishes at Monk's and  served on top of polenta. This is a polenta you will like. Soft and creamy with flavor. The veal cheeks are super tender.)
- Monk's Duck Salad  (Available as a sandwich as well. Their duck is my favorite above everything else on the menu. It's an ample serving of duck with goat cheese, walnuts, and craisins.) 
- Mac & Cheese  (Very rich and indulgent as mac & cheese should be.)
- Monk's mussels with pommes frites (This is their signature mussels blend using their beer. It's fantastic and pure. My only complaint is about the pommes frites. The frites are lame fries.) 

It has turned into an unspoken tradition that every time I go to Philly with a group we stop by Monk's Café. They have an extensive beer Bible which my friends get a kick out of and the menu pleases everyone. The funny thing is that they always get the same beer and the one time they tried something new they hated it. Monk's doesn't give samples because their beers are expensive but they were kind enough to give a small taste of one. Good thing too, because it turned out to be horrible.

On my most recent visit, I decided to try something new in terms of food and got the Monk's burger (caramelized leeks & bleu cheese). I asked for it medium rare and it came out perfect. Pink, juicy, and with the flavor of meat. The bun was way too much bread though. Get new buns, Monk's!

Cheers to gastropubs!
This is the 88th review of Monk's Cafe, so how can I add anything new?  How about the fact that if this is such a great beer place with an awesome selection, how come I can't get a Schaefer?  It's the one beer to have when you're having more than one, for God's sake!  

We had a 45 minute wait, which is typical on a Friday evening.  We ordered a few beers from the front bar and the guy bartender was a real tool.  We know it's crazy busy and my wife and I tend to become opaque, even invisible.    No one pays attention to us.  So,since we're lushes and all hungry and shit,  we got a bit pushy to get a drink before our 45 minute wait was up.  Boy, did we got major attitude; and that's after waiting ten minutes for them to acknowledge us.   $9.00 for a non-Schaefer beer and we need that horseshit?  

Well, we got a table and our waitress wasn't much cheerier.  Not that you have to be all smiles, but a non-scowly server is always appreciated by the "opaque ones".  Food was less than stellar.  It used to be better but the mussels were "feh".  Chic's in Bridgeport is loads better.   

Does it still have a nice vibe and great Belgian ale selection?  Absolutely.   But a little less attitude will take places miles with my wife and I.  And don't get me started about their lack of Meister Brau.    I mean, it's like the best import ever...and they don't have it?  Some "beer" palace this place is.
Even though I had been to Monk's before, I wanted to try it one more time before I wrote a review. This was because I kept hearing/reading that it was the same as Belgian Cafe, a place that earned a two-star review only because of the beer menu. And, thank goodness, my warm memories of Monk's remain intact. 

The wait for two on Friday was 45 minutes, not too bad. The restaurant is decorated with fresh wreaths right now, the smell is amazing. Unfortunately, we were seated near the kitchen, which always seems to happen here. But our server was quick and attentive, which made up for it somewhat. 

We ordered small pots of the Ghent mussels, which were surprisingly light considering they had bacon and blue cheese in the broth. They had big, plump, succulent bellies. They were fully cooked and the cooking liquid was rich and plentiful. The frites were good, the mayo sauce was amazing as always. 

Chimay was great, of course, although I wasn't a fan of the other beer I ordered. Oh, and don't skip dessert, this is the only place I consistently order it because everything is so good.
