To some, joy may be found in dining at a fancy restaurant with ordinary service and food for a steep price. To me, bliss is discovering a jewel in the rough where the service and food is indeed extraordinary for less than $10! I've always wondered but now I understand why Mood Café is rated the best restaurant in the city of Philadelphia.

1. First of all, the food here reflects the owner's philosophies. Made with love and care, the intricate blend of ingredients is truly magical. Each flavor is bright, distinct, and amazing. I cannot recommend a specific lassi or chaat because if you choose from any of the literally hundreds of possible combinations, you will not be disappointed. Although Hassan always says kindly that you can have your money back anytime if you do not approve, no one has ever done so.

2. From the wildly popular rose lassi to the many fruits in the chaats, every single food item on the menu is made fresh from scratch. It makes you wonder if he is actually hiding a huge secret elaborate garden somewhere?! 

3. Vegan, lactose-intolerant, and can't eat spicy? No worries fellow patrons. At Mood Café, it's all about you, the valuable customer. And amazingly, it doesn't matter what you prefer, because you'll find out it all will taste oh so delicious!

4. Hassan personifies what all business owners should strive to become: friendly, accommodating, down to earth, and funny. When you leave Mood Café, you'll have both your stomach and heart content with incredible food and genuine love. 

I honestly wish Mood Cafe was more common in the world. People like Hassan working hard to make the best food with the best service possible, not the cash that comes with it. Simplicity and perfection at every level. Bravo!
Wow, this place is totally unassuming from the outside, but is absolutely worth the walk to the counter for some food. Two lassis and a chaat are about $15. This establishment has very little seating. It is best to get your food to go. It will still be good in twenty minutes, I promise!

I never had street food chaat before, so I was really excited to taste the dish. I had the vegetable samosa chaat, which came with chunks of mango as well. The ingredients that made up the dish all worked really well together. If I hadn't been sharing with Jared J, I would have eaten the entire thing and asked for more--it was absolutely delicious (though a little heavier of a snack than I was expecting because of the samosas). I also had a strawberry pineapple lassi, which was smooth, creamy, and absolutely bursting with flavor. I drank mine in about five minutes flat and was surprised that I didn't get brain freeze.

In addition to serving great food, Hassan is probably the friendliest and happiest employee in the food service industry. He was very kind to us and talked continually as he made the food. His recommendations were also spot on. Can't wait to go back.
The Greeks were wise: one should be on guard against argumentum ad hominem.

I would think there's a fair proportion of yelp reviews that disparage an establishment based on what they perceive to be a disproportionate ratio of patrons that have disregard for basic hygiene and attire that doesn't wage all-out war on the people's sensibilities. I refer to the "H" people - not homeless, but hipsters. But, just because the hip.... people find merit in a restaurant, shouldn't be held against a restaurant. Admittedly, I have long been challenged in this belief by the places I've given the benefit of the doubt of a trial - but, Mood Café is one of the rare instances where I concur with the H people.

Philly seems to have its share of establishments where the owner's personal interaction is both engaging as well as entertaining to watch. The proprietor of Mood Cafe, Hasan Bukhari, takes less than a minute to size up the customer and make the appropriate recommendation - and then a few more to win your heart.

It's a thoughtful business model. Mood Café provides dozen of variations on Chaat (traditional savory snack in South Asia often served roadside or by food carts) that go beyond the basic Samosa Chaat, Papri Chaat, and Paani Puri to non-traditional combinations that feature salads and meats. Same is the case with Lassi (yogurt based drink, more popular in summer months in the subcontinent) where you can order beyond the typical salted, sweet, or mango Lassi and select non-traditional flavors like Raspberry, Plum, and Mint. Hasan is thus able to offer considerable variety to customers at affordable price points, and helps them navigate through the extensive menu - then he tops that up by assuring them that if they don't like it, they don't need to pay for it. It's not simply the implied money-back guarantee, Hasan ensures that clients aren't hassled and leave happy even if that entails offering small sized cups of Lassi to crying toddlers who want to drink what their mothers are!

I tried the Samosa Chaat and liked it (4 stars) because it was liberally sprinkled with Chaat Powder as is tradition and was suitably spicy. But, I thought the fusion of flavors was more to the tune of what I see in Indian restaurants as opposed to Pakistani ones (that typically emphasize one flavor in a dish). What won me over (beyond the fact of finally dining at a clean, hygienic Pakistani eaterie!) was that Hasan doesn't simply boast idly on his product - he delivers results. When I asked for advice on which dessert to try: Carrot Halwa or Ras Malaai, he immediately guided me to the Kheer (rice pudding). When I asked: why? He responded that you wouldn't have eaten anything like it before. That was a strong assertion, one that I dismissed internally having tried tens of thousands of versions in life, given my sweet tooth. He laughed and said most versions people have tried (especially at Indian buffets that I am all too familiar with) are simply rice boiled with milk. I couldn't resist the challenge, and while I didn't give him the satisfaction of seeing me eat the rice pudding on the spot - must confess that I was blown away completely when I tasted it. Quite possibly the best version of (sub-continental) rice pudding I've e.v.e.r had.... Solid 5 stars.

So, go to Mood Café, and say hello to Hasan. Do try the Chaat and Lassi - but save appetite for some of the best rice pudding you'll ever eat.
In all honesty, nothing that I say here will do anything except add to the truth we already know: this is one of the most fabulous eating establishments in all of Philadelphia. 

I came here with my parents and a couple of friends. None of us had the slightest idea about what to order. No problem. The lone man at the counter asked us what meat we preferred, the level of spice we were looking to try, and if there were any sauces we were opposed to. The answers to those three questions produced, for each of us, a magical and absolutely exquisite combination that stunned the group into happy silence. 

The lassi is also phenomenal. We each tried a different flavor--all amazing! Instead of tossing the leftovers, the man at the counter gave us all of the extras in smaller cups so we could sample them from each other. 

If you are anywhere near this place (as in, somewhere within the city limits of Philadelphia) you MUST try the food here. It will be a simple and unforgettable dining experience.
Average Yelp rating of 5 stars, after 112 reviews?  How is this possible?  Some of the 3-star Michelin restaurants don't even have 5 stars.  I had to see it, smell it, and taste it to believe it.

Food (9.5/10) = As someone had mentioned in their review, forget the chalkboard menu, which by the way is a bit overwhelming.  Let the Hassan work his magic.  I had no idea what chaat was, but whatever it was, Yelp told me it was crazy delicious.  I informed Hasaan this was my first trip to this place, and wanted something with chicken.  With just that info, the alchemist proceeded to construct my chaat.  The product was very colorful.  Every bite had a different flavor, owing to the multiple layers of different ingredients.  Different textures (soft, crunchy, etc.)  Different flavors (sweet, salty, etc.).  Incredible.  I was informed that the chaat he would make for me is "basic," and on my next trip he would go "crazy with the next chaat."  My next visit?  This guy already knew I would come back! The man has full confidence in his product.  

I also got the kiwi lassi.  I've had lassi before, but never liked it.  However, since it was a frequently mentioned item on yelp, I decided to go for it again.  Happy that I did.  Despite that my kiwi lassi, is not traditional, I enjoyed it a lot more than the other stuff I had in the past that were supposedly more traditional.  The kiwi tartness was not overwhelming, but well balanced.  

Ambiance (8.5/10) = Bright cool environment.  There are a couple of benches against the windows for people to sit and eat.  

Service (10/10) = As many mentioned already, Hassan is awesome and super friendly.  Telling you his story about chaat and his approach to his food and this little shop. 

Overall opinion = I am now a believer of the 5 yelp stars.  I look forward to Hassan going "crazy" on the next chaat he makes for me, the next time I'm in town.
Dear Mood Cafe, I apologize it took me so many years to walk in your establishment and discover the clean eating awesomeness that awaited all this time....from the outside i swore it was just another coffee shop with overpriced desserts and "sustainable" coffee beans hand picked by artisans who left their investment banker careers to pursue their passion for high end coffee...but its not your story, just 80% of the other shops. 

Mood Cafe sits right in the heart of west philly around 46th and baltimore  Its a Pint-sized Indian place doling out lassis, ice cream & other sweet treats, plus savory chaats but it packs a big flavorful punch!!.
Everything is made to order and their are an endless number of chaat options so i suggest you go with the pina colada or any flavor combos you're familiar with. 

I got the chicken tikka...i wish i could describe to you how fresh, light, and flavorful this was....but you just have to try it yourself. This place is easily my go-to for a light in hearty quick meal. Period.
I was saving Mood Cafe for my 200th review because I went here a few weeks ago and I just loved the Crazy Chaat!  

Crazy chaat is similar to other chaat, with fresh ingredients, but it has lots of different flavoured crispy bits -- so much fun!  I can't attest to its authenticity -- I have no idea about that, since I've only ever had chaat at 2 places in Philly -- but I can attest to its deliciousness.  The crisps in the chaat are the perfect textures, popping and crunching, while flavours mix and meld in the different sauces and toppings.  I don't know how to describe it all -- it's too crazy!  Top marks in taste and texture.

Cardamom lassi is also refreshing and yummy.

The owner, Hasan, is very friendly & helpful, and happy to explain if you have any questions.  Looking forward to going back.
Consider this another rave review for a small but amazing place.

First and foremost, we walked in and looked at the menu. I'm sure we looked lost. Hasan, being the incredibly kind and helpful man that he is, asked "first timers?" And proceeded to walk us through exactly what a chaat is and what a lassi is, then helped us pick what to get according to our likes.

I seriously can't sing Hasan's praises enough. I was writing a paper on culture for my class and he was nice enough to sit down with me and answer some questions. It's clear that he puts alot of pride and love into his food. Not to mention that he's a joy to talk to!

To the food: I got a samosa chaat and a mango lassi. M got a chicken chaat and a blueberry lassi. The samosa was slightly spicy and delicious, and the chaat was so good. Every bite was different, so with every bite both M and I kept saying "mmmmm!" 

We also got to try the rice pudding which is quite possibly the best rice pudding I ever had. We're already planning on returning to try more chaats and lassis!
After reading many good reviews, we decided to try this place with one of my foodie friends on yelp. The dining setup itself is minimal but what's on the plate makes up for all else. 

Hassan does a very good job of taking the chaat experience to the next level with his creativity. Multiple varieties of namkeen, papdi, fruits and even dry fruits like cranberries! No two bites of the plate are alike in flavor or texture and yet it all comes together very well. Trippy stuff!

The lassi varieties are exhaustively long and if you have a problem picking one, he will suggest you one based on your preference of flavors. If you're vegan or lactose intolerant, he has you covered too. I thought that Lassi was forever off the list for me, but he had a unique and yummy take on the drink using coconut cream.

Just when all of us thought we were stuffed to the brim and could not eat another spoonful, he offered us desserts on the house. His nature reminds me of an aunt who really likes to pamper everyone with her generosity and good nature. Quite an experience overall. Worth the 5 stars.
It was a little overwhelming when we walked into Mood Cafe and saw 60 lassi options and about as many options for chaats (which we'd never tried before), but Hassan was quick to alleviate our obvious first-timer concerns. 

He asks you what you've had before, what flavors of fruit/spices/etc. you like, and offers up suggestions based on his most popular lassis. And best of all, assures you not to worry because if you don't like it, he'll make you a different one at no extra charge. We were given the same guarantee for chaats, which rather than ordering off of the board, he simply made to our preferences with respect to heat level, etc. As promised, the chaats were a strange but perfectly orchestrated blend of flavors and textures: spicy, sweet, crunchy, creamy, salty... an unexpected symphony of deliciousness and variety.

It's clear that Hassan is a businessman who justs GETS IT. He even says that the reason he'll replace anything you don't like is because he wants you to enjoy your food/drink so that you come back, which is the type of common sense/logic that many restaurants somehow fail to use. Not only will we be going back, but we'll tell all of our friends and family how great the food and service was. Hassan's style is simple, smart, and much appreciated by the consumer.

Will undoubtedly be regular spot for my girlfriend and I, seeing as we're now hooked on chaats and only have 983987 more menu options to try.
I'm going to add on to the 5 star reviews because this place is awesome.  I had zero experience with chaat, but when I was in the area and did a yelp search for restaurants, I had to try it.  The owner is super friendly and will guide you through the process of making your meal.  I'm not exactly sure what all was in it, but I got the crazy chicken, which had two types of chicken, mango, potatoes, crunchy rice strips, and lots of sauces and spices.  It really is totally unique, and a beautiful presentation.  The portion is large too, could only eat half.  I also grabbed a samosa on its own, and it was really good.  It came with chick peas and some sauce.  For my lassi I went with banana and fig.  It was super tasty.  I took my order to go, but there is some seating inside.  I definitely recommend taking the trip to West Philly to give Mood Cafe a try.
The service was warm and friendly. The food was good, but felt heavy on the fried chips, and had a processed food feel. There is no way this place should be number one on Yelp Philadelphia restaurants.

The best chaats in Philly might be at Indeblue.   Or tiffin bistro.  Or high end Tashan.

Good food here, not great, middle of the pack.
It was good to be back in the old neighborhood again up along Baltimore Avenue in West Philly.  Things have changed around my old home at 48th and Balto, mostly for the better.  I was here a few months ago sampling the heat at Chili Szechuan, and this time I was back to meet up with Yelp friends at Mood Café, the Chaat & Lassi emporium on the point at 46th Street.  Lucky for me, they were delayed arriving, and I had an opportunity for a long talk with Hasan, the owner/chef/creative genius behind the concept and the counter that is Mood.  I got the $.50 tour, and an autobiography worthy of Horatio Alger. 

While I had eaten Chaat (pronounced, "Chart") before, it had never been like this.  Hasan has taken what is basically a common street food in India and turned it into an adventure in eating.  It comes at you in several dimensions - taste, texture, hardness/softness, shape, spice, food group, color and surprise.  It sat before me the most colorful assortment of edibles imaginable.  I had the Salad Chaat with Chicken, but there was so much happening inside that take out container that the meat was forgotten in the exploration of what was going on with all the reds, yellows, stars, logs, crispies, noodles, dried fruit, nuts, fresh mango, greens, feta cheese, chili sauces, curry notes, etc.  It is difficult to describe all the hyperactivity in that bowl.  Imagine an Indian version of Trail Mix thrown into a salad rather than croutons. If he had tossed in some M & M's I would not have been shocked.  This baby was Buh-Buh-Buh-Bizzzeee!!!

And, bottom line, it was awesome. We tried each others dishes, and all were unique and captivating. 

And, that does not even get into the Lassis.  More than 60 varieties of cool, creamy yogurty, sweetness.  Mine?  A Rose Lassi, complete with Rose Petals! Not just amazing, but fun!  If this wasn't enough, Hasan brought us samples of other Lassi combos in small cups to try.  This man knows how to seduce with great taste. Oh. And did I mention the Kheer and Rice Pudding he gave us at the end? 

Over the Top!

As good as Mood Café is, it is a very small shop.  Four tables with bench seats along the wall and plastic stools for everyone else.  So, not the most comfortable arrangement.  It is geared as a take out place, with everything served in take out containers and plastic utensils.  I would be willing to pay more for comfort.  

The sheer enjoyment of the event (yes, this was more than just a cool meal) kicks the experience into 5 Star territory.  In truth, there should be another category available on Yelp that addresses the euphoria and exclamations needed for certain special foodie moments.  

Mood Café would reach that level of extreme amazed unadulterated satisfaction. 

Yeowee!!!
Everyone's been raving about Mood Cafe and I finally got a chance to try it out! The food always looked intimidating to me, but I was down to try something new. They have plenty of options for chaats and lassi's. I decided to try the samosa chaat and mango lassi. It was good, but not good enough for me to want to get it again. I can't get with the mixture of cold and hot toppings. And I also felt like the chaat was missing something. Something to take it to the level of flavors I was looking for. Maybe I should've gotten something besides the samosa chaat? Idk. The mango lassi however was delicious. 

Another reason for the lack of stars is because of the owner. He was definitely friendly as everyone suggested, but to me it came off as creepy. He took my debit card and proceeded to hold it, and look at it for like 2 minutes. Then asked me where I was from and just stared at me. Not sure how to take that or if I'm looking into it too much, but it did make me uncomfortable. I was so glad that there was a couple in the restaurant because I would've hated for that kind of interaction to happen to me while I was alone...
Five stars for everything here - the 25+ flavors of lassis available, the extensive chaat menu, and most of all, the customer service. While the lassis are enough to keep me coming back, the owner is one of the nicest shopkeepers I've ever met in my life. He's so helpful in explaining what exactly is in your chaat, what kind of lassi is good if you've never had one before, and always tells you to try your drink/food first before paying to make sure you like it. Both times I've been here, he's also given free samples of some of the other lassi flavors that my friend ordered!

I've tried the peach and coconut lassis and they were both delicious. I liked the peach more though. I've also had the bhel puri chaat, which is a great mix of flavors and textures - crunchy papri and sev, tangy chutney, sweet mango, potatoes, and other things whose names I'm not entirely sure of.

I definitely recommend Mood Cafe if you're looking for a quick and delicious meal, or a refreshing lassi!
Mood Cafe is as close to perfect as you're going to get.  Being chaat rookies, we didn't know what to order....not an issue here.  The owner asks a few questions and starts piling things into a bowl.  This may concern some less adventurous eaters, but after three tries now, we've gotten three different chaats and all of them were excellent.  

I don't really know how to properly describe the food other than:  rice puffy, chewy, nutty, somewhat spicy, somewhat sweet-y, fruity, yogurt-y, crunchy, veggie perfection.  The service is super friendly (every time without fail) and the lassis are solid as well.  Do yourself a favor and head over here on Sunday, grab a chaat to go, and head down to the park for the farmer's market.
I've had my eye on the Mood Cafe for months. Every time I log into Yelp, there it is sitting in the top 5, eye balling me. I passed by it several times, and though that place looks interesting. After awhile, my mind starting asking, "Why haven't you gone to Mood Cafe?" So, I finally took these thoughts out of my mind and tried to get my wife to go. At first, she was a skeptic and did not want to go. On my third attempt, she finally gave me the why not approval.

After going, we both should be asking, what is wrong with us. This place Amaze! It looks like a small place with not much to offer. The two main menu items are Lassis and Chaat. I've had a Lassi before, and it's always been Mango. But this place had like 25 Lassi flavors. But what is a Chaat I wondered?

The owner who was working there on our visit explained. There is so much that goes into a Chaat, he lost me somewhere along the way. But what was not lost was my intrigue. I go the Crazy Chicken Chaat. The crazy was their way of saying it's a chicken and beef combo. The beef reminded me of taco meat, but the kind that is seasoned extremely well.

Watching him make the Chaat was like watching an artist. It was like Jackson Pollack at work with the piling on so much stuff. A threw a bunch of stuff down. Then he added 3-4 sauces. He threw more stuff down. Added more sauces. And then he threw more stuff down. Not sure I remember it all, but there was mango, almonds, crispy noodles, dates, potato, and, and, and... yeah that's what I remember. But I know there was more.

When I put this goodness in my mouth, it was like a party of flavors. It tasted so fresh and nothing like anything I had tasted before. I was in love.

I also had a peach Lassi which was excellent. My wife had the same dish as me, but got the blueberry Lassi. I liked her Lassi even better.

I so am going back to this place. You should go too!
Desi Chaat is one of those places that I have enjoyed time and time again over the years. But with the larger spot that Mood Cafe offers, Hassan and his crew have really managed to kick things up a notch and do some of the traditional and innovative recipes that their previous area couldn't maintain.

Mood does have a lot of the same menu offerings as Desi. But the larger food prep space does allow them to engage the customer with a lot more presentation when they put together the many ingredients that goes into their chaat recipes. This can make for a good interactive show of sorts that caters to your customization; especially when you factor in the number of spices, nuts, fruits, and other ingredients that you can add. Add in some chaat recipes variations that take on influences from other cultures, and things really start to get interesting.

Another plus to Mood is that its menu puts much more emphasis into the lassi, ice cream, and hot beverage side of the menu, making it a great spot to go to please your sweet tooth and grab a beverage on the go. Namaste!
I passed by Mood Cafe so many times wanting to order something, but I had no idea where to begin.  I saw so many positive reviews on yelp and decided to just try it.  
The owner was extremely welcoming and friendly, if it was your first time.  He also explains everything in great detail and told us that he would change our orders until we were satisfied.  This guy is awesome with customer service.  I came here with one friend who is serious about food and another who only likes American food.  I wanted to see if this place was genuinely good or if it was all hype because it was different.  Every one, including myself loved what they ordered.  
I ordered the chicken chaat with a mango lassi.  The chaat included mangos, dried cranberries, yogurt, chicken, potatoes and a lot of ingredients that I couldn't identify.  I would have never thought to combine these different foods, but they blended so well together.  The Mango Lassi was a refreshing treat. 
I will be coming back!
I like Indian food, but have probably only drank lassi 2 or 3 times in my life. I came here during the miserable heatwave of the summer and saw the line of happy people at Mood Cafe!  I was hungry, but not hungry for a full on meal and walked in sweaty and thirsty.

If you're unfamiliar, according to Wiki lassi is: ablend of yogurt, water, spices and sometimes, fruit. Traditional lassi (a.k.a., "salted lassi", or simply, "lassi") is a savoury drink, sometimes flavoured with ground and roasted cumin. Sweet lassi, however, contains sugar or fruits, instead of spices.

Well, don't fret if you are picky because there is a mind-blowing combination of flavors here.  Literally a wall full of drink combos. Most the the people came for mango, but I went with watermelon. All I can say was it was cool and refreshing with a slight watermelon flavor and hint of spices.  If you are unsure with what you want and order something you can't stomach - they will gladly make you a new drink. You even a get a small cup of the extra.

I got a lassi and samosa and it was under $5! Deal. The veggie samosa was one of the best I have had and totally kills the ones I have eaten in Torrance. I didn't try the chaat and did see people ordering dishes of it to go. Seems like a popular vegetarian spot as well.

This is a friendly neighborhood cafe with kind owners and staff. They really give you service with a smile and believe in the quality of their products. Good find in Philly!
Full disclosure: I've grown up eating chaat and other tea time snacks, and when we tried (and failed) to eat at Kilimindjaro for dinner last night, we ended up at Mood anticipating that we'd be leaving still wanting a full meal. 

How wrong we were. 

There's not much seating here, and parking's a bit of a pain. Once we had that sorted out, we ordered: fig lassi, rose lassi, bhel puri, and a lamb dish. We tried to order one more chaat, but Hassan assured us that he would put the lamb on a salad, making it one of his salad chaats, and that we would have more than enough food. He was right. 

I love rose flavored drinks and desserts, the boo does not however, as he finds the flavor to be overpowering. Not so with the rose lassi - just the right amount of that subtle hint of flavor. The fig was fantastic, too - and Hassan's blender makes more than what fits into the plastic smoothie glasses, so you'll get an extra plastic cup filled with bonus lassi. 

The bhel puri was unlike anything we've had before. Traditionally, it's a dish with puffed rice, sev (crunchy thin noodle-like), potatoes, chickpeas, coriander, and onions. You can top it off with either coriander based or tamarind based chutney. Hassan takes artistic license with his bhel puri chaat - in addition to all of the traditional components, there was some hot sauce, mango, fig, and yogurt. Looking at it, I was confused as to how all of those things would work together, but don't question the magic, it was absolutely delicious.  

The lamb salad chaat was a similarly confusing, but ultimately delicious experience. The lamb had the right texture to hold together in a salad, and had a nice cumin flavor to it. 

As we were among the last customers, all of us in the restaurant got a free dessert. Folks, even if we had to pay for it, that rice pudding/khir was amazing - the rice was so tender, and the pudding perfectly sweet. 

Can't wait for our next adventure here!
So my friend says, "Hey you like Indian Food?" 
I say, "I've never had it before."
My friend punches me in the face for being uncultured and I wake up at Mood Cafe. 

Honestly, if I wasn't there with friends, I would've walked out. It was clean and nice, but seeing a bunch Chex Mix and random things in canisters behind the counter...I had my doubts about the food. Then I saw someone's order and really thought my friend had developed a drug habit. 

Then she told me to just talk to Hassan (the owner?), who apparently is the most popular person on Yelp. He explained right off the bat that a chaat is random as hell. The ingredients don't really sound like they go well together and when you see it, it will look very strange. But he promised I'd like it or give me my money back. With that kind of guarantee, I could see why people like him. Since it was his dime, I went ahead and got a lassie too. 

The chicken chaat, although it didn't look very appealing, was pretty good. I can't tell you for the life of me what it tasted it like. It was sweet, salty, savory, spicy, mild, cold, lukewarm, creamy and crunchy all at the same time...just like Hassan said. Every bite tasted different than the preceding. The mixed berry lassie is basically a yogurt based smoothie and it worked well to quell the heat from the chaat. Not only did I finish everything, I gave him a tip.
After seeing so many 5 star reviews I was a little skeptical, and thought there must be some star inflation going on here. Nope - not a bit. This was one of the best meals I've had all year. The incredibly gracious & friendly service I received made the meal even more memorable. I had no idea what Chaat was, but the owner (Hassan I assume) gave me a brief tutorial and outlined my options. I couldn't believe that all of the ingredients he listed were going into my dish! I asked for chicken, and he created layers of salad, spices, mango, dates, sauces, cheese, and tasty crunchy bits. The medium spice level was perfect - and allowed me to enjoy all of the flavors. 

You can't go here without ordering a lassi as well. They are made fresh to order, and he has a ridiculous variety of flavors. I picked Rose, as it was my first visit and I'd never tried that before. My lassi was made of actual rose petals & was perfectly milky and sweet.

After watching Hassan create my meal, I was pretty confident I was going to love it. But he insisted that I try it out before paying, and he mentioned a couple of times that he wouldn't ask me to pay for anything I didn't like. Ha! I doubt anybody has ever taken him up on that offer. 

It's a good thing I don't live near this place or else I'd probably be there all the time. I can't wait to go back and explore the menu!
The owner at Mood Cafe is wonderful and is a super sweet guy and a great conversation.  I haven't had a chance to eat any of the food yet but the lassi's are AMAZING.  I highly recommend the Pina Colada lassi!  It's amazing and definitely worth skipping your diet for!
This place really knows how to make some amazing indian fare. I am vegan and I was so pleased to walk by and see a sign that actually specifically mentioned their vegan chaat and smoothie options. 

The man who runs this place is so accommodating and actually knows how to cater to his customers' needs. I couldn't have been more impressed.
I really wanted to like Mood Cafe, but unfortunately I didn't have an amazing experience. In fact, I only ate a few spoonfuls of the chaat before I left.

I would love it if Mood could expand their menu. I don't drink lassis, so I decided to just try the chicken tikki chaat. I didn't really get the explanation that chaat is a mixture of a bunch of different flavors, but when I checked out their online menu, I was skeptical if I could find anything for me. IF YOU'RE PICKY, BEWARE. Chaats are actually just a bunch of different things put together. I couldn't deal with all the conflicting tastes and textures. I only wish there were another option for those of us who don't like chaat. I'm giving him a few stars anyway since apparently I seem to be one of the few who don't like lassi or chaat, oops.

Also, I was a little put off by how they make everything in the kitchen. I see them microwaving the meats right behind the cashier, which I find a little weird. The chicken was in tiny bits to the point where I couldn't even find it in the chaat. The meal wasn't even cheap enough to merit this, in my opinion.

The place is tiny. I came on a warm day, but it was drizzling, and a few groups of people were hogging the seating inside, talking and laughing and having a grand ole time while a few of us had to sit at wet tables outside. Try to get it to-go if you can! And I didn't really get a nice chat with Hasan, like the rest of you are saying! Maybe he was having an off day, but not too sure I'll come back to find out.

A nice hole in the wall, but make sure you like lassis or chaat before checking it out! Maybe it was my fault for mindlessly checking out the best-rated Philly restaurants on Yelp... but isn't that the point?
I'm a little baffled by the 5-star reviews here. I've come a couple of times now and each time have had horrible service with a decent-to-good chaat and good but not great lassis. 

Service has always been standoffish; no pleasantries, no help with the menu, sometimes a curt "you don't want that, get that" [I suspect they don't actually serve the whole menu?], and grunts, if anything, for acknowledgment. It really seems like they aren't interested in customer service even if there are no other customers. 

The chaat is alright, but there's not as much meat as I would've liked and a lot of filler stuff like potatoes. The lassis are also fine, but sometimes a little thin compared to what I've had elsewhere. 

Worth stopping by if you really are craving a chaat (which is delicious), but not making the trek out here otherwise. Also, cash only (temporarily perhaps?).
After a long hiatus i'm back and happy to say Mood Café is as perfect as i remember. The guy who was working there last time is gone and the new gentleman Daniel is perfect. Daniel takes care of every customer as they walk in the door. He answers everyone's questions with a smile and your order is ready pretty quickly! Since my last visit, Mood Café has grown in lassi options. When i first started coming here there were 40 options. Now there are 140! Don't be afraid to ask for a tweak or change to a combo you think you'd like. Hassan/Daniel will do it for you! As always if you don't like it, they are more than willing to make you something else. Best customer service around. 

Hassan really cares about his customers. He thought i was so upset with my last visit (and Yelp update) i was never coming back again! FEAR NOT HASSAN. i'm here =) and i'll see you soon.
Paid a visit to Mood Cafe last night. Hassan treated us like family and provided a bevy of samples on the house! He was eager to get us to try new things and demonstrate the range of flavors he could accomplish with just a few ingredients.

Although lassi are dense, the milkshakes, juice, and shaved ice are light. They are good alternatives on hot days as last night was. 

First, we had watermelon juice - fresh and pulpy. Next we sampled a vanilla and date milkshake which was delicious. The chewy dates at the bottom of the shake reminded me of bubble tea. He also served us a couple of variants of shaved ice which were not unlike parfait; there was cut fruit at the bottom of the cup along with crushed ice topped with light syrups. The syrup flavors were rose and sandalwood! He also provided a similar shaved ice with pineapple. 

NOTE: For all you vegans out there, Mood Cafe has stocked up on almond, soy, and coconut milk. Seems like most items are available in vegan form. 

You win, Hassan. Five stars. My stomach can't take any more.
Lots of hype about this place. Hassan is so sweet, he deserves a star on his own. My "crazy" chaat was delicious--it's a unique food item that i am not used to, so I liked it quite a bit. Spicy, sweet, salty, crunchy, and filled with sauces--it doesn't disappoint and it fills you up. $7? It's a steal. Nice work.

I want more sitting room, but that's all I can complain about.
Late one evening in West Philly, I saw the lights of Mood Cafe, and peeped the sign for lassis from the street. We entered the brightly lit cafe and stood in awe of the 60 flavors on the board. Then we were told...this wasn't everything. They could create infinite lassis! I was astounded by the variety.

The owner began chatting us up when we were deciding what to order, and filled us in about the origins of chaat and the lassi. He also claimed - and without dissent - that he makes the best lassi (not just in Philly, not just in PA or the whole US) IN THE WORLD. He said if you did not agree, you could keep your drink for free. But no one has taken him up on that yet.

We both got the house special - the mango lassi. Mine was vegan, and I was shocked that....yes, these were the best mango lassis I'd ever had. Even the one that traded yogurt for almond milk. It must be in the smooth mango that blended in. While making our choices, the second man behind the counter gave us tastes of both the banana date and rose lassis. They were both incredible. The rose lassi tasted like my past. AND IT HAS REAL ROSE PETALS.

Hands down, you've got to come here and try a lassi...or 12. I expect to come back for the chaat and update my review to an even more glowing 5 stars.
Wow!  Wow!  Wow!

I read the reviews of this great little place and just had to see for myself.  The place is a tiny piece of Heaven in West Philly.  Hassan, the owner/chef is probably the most gracious, and wanting to please host I have ever met.  He has a great disposition and said, from the beginning, if this isn't the best Lassi you have ever had, don't pay for it and he'll make you another.  If the Chatt isn't fantastic and you don't love it, don't pay for it either.

Well, needless to say I paid for both!  He has many different varieties, combination of Lassi's as well as different combos of Chatt.  He gave me a wonderful education on Chatt and said that he would make me a vegetarian chatt.  I have eaten at many Indian restaurants, but have never had Chatt.

The meal was delicious!  It was so good, that I got a second order to take home to my wife.

By all means, even if you go out of your way, to go the Mood Café!!!
This is in the top of Yelp Philadelphia cheap eats? No way. Yelp too often rewards uniqueness over true quality and value. 

We shared the House Chaat. What a disaster. They basically throw 20 different food items, all with various non-compatible flavors and textures, and a bit of yogurt item a plastic container. I had no idea what was going on in my mouth and I didn't like it. I wanted to think this was a dessert, but then I'd get a chick pea. When four hungry guys all decline to finish a meal, you can be pretty sure there is a problem.

This place is not cheap or particularly good. Skip it. Go to Fu Wah around the corner and treat yourself to some Bahn mi. Come on Yelpers, five stars? Really?
Diamond in the rough. That's all that can be said about this chaat-catering, strangely delicious, unbelievably friendly environment. For the sake of full disclosure, my taste buds were certainly adjusting to chaat as I was at Mood. It's a strange sensation: the mixing of the hot veggies and meat, the cold yogurt, the crispy wonton shells - all of it crunched up in a bowl. 

Hasan, the owner and one of the friendliest faces in all of Philadelphia, explained every step of how he prepares and serves the food. Then, for dessert, he prepared a carrot and cream cheese dish, with hot, stewed carrots (naturally sweet) and homemade cheese. It was somehow similar to a pumpkin or sweet potato pastry. 

Like other reviewers's experience, I too was blown away by both Hasan's kindness and his restaurant. He remembers faces well, and will prepare you a different kind of dish every time you visit. He promised a different, hot rice and beans dish next time I came. He also assured my girlfriend and I that we would not have to pay if we didn't like the food. However, we loved the chaat and the dessert, and were more than happy to pay every cent (though he didn't charge us for the dessert). Can't wait to go back!
So.Good. Chaat has like fifty ingredients in it. Jk. Maybe 15? I got the samosa chaat and my sister got one of the chicken ones. Both were delicious. The owner was so nice, explaining to us what chaat was and told us that if we didn't like it we would get our money back. After we were done eating he came outside and gave us a complimentary rice pudding to try. 

Also got one mango and one kiwi lassi. 

Stuffed and happy.
It is hard to believe that I ate at the same place that got all of these rave reviews.  I ordered the chicken tikka, which consisted of some microwaved morsels of chicken and rice, accompanied by a large quantity of yogurt.  The yogurt was cold and partially frozen.  I love frozen yogurt, the type that is supposed to be a substitute for ice cream, but this is not what we were dealing with here.  The dining area was clean but sterile, without decor or other touches that could have made it a comfortable place to hang out.  

But the big problem was that the food was simply disgusting.  I don't like paying at a dining establishment for chicken that has been reheated in the microwave.  And when you reheat chicken that has already been cut into small pieces, it quickly gets rubbery. Add the icy yogurt, and you get one big EWWWWWWW.  The best part of the meal was that the worker behind the counter gladly provided me with a large tap water on ice, at no charge.  I have noticed a trend, at other low end places, of refusing to provide tap water, charging for it, or giving it in an exceptionally small cup.  But when ice water is the best part of your meal, you know a place has problems.
Not your regular naan and curry. If you want to try something different, something a little lighter, definitely go to Mood Cafe.

Mood Cafe serves up a variety of chaats (snacks), which are essentially crispy flakes mixed with dates, different spices / sauces, meats (optional), beans, potatoes etc. I asked the owner for recommendations, and he recommended me the chicken salad chaat (medium spicy). You cannot go wrong with that! It's a burst of flavor in your mouth and feels healthy at the same time. I wanted to order mild (because though I like spice, I can't take the heat), but I am glad I went with his recommendation for the medium spice. It was perfect (not too spicy at all)

The lassi selection here is probably the most extensive I've seen. I ordered a mango and also tried some of my friend's honeydew. They were both delicious!

The space is really small with only a few seats, so it's better as a take out spot. What brings this place to 5 stars is really that the owner is so friendly! It was a great experience.
I've wanted to try this place out for a while, just due to the reviews on Yelp. I FINALLY GOT TO!!!

Going in, I already knew I wanted a lassi... I'm not new to drinking them.... I grew up eating Indian food, but for some reason, never heard of "Chaat". I had questions. There was a younger man behind the counter, who answered my questions SUPER FAST... On top of the accent, I really couldn't understand him. I wish he'd taken the time to speak slower, and explain. So I felt kinda rushed to make my decision on food.

I got a Chicken Tikka chaat. I've had this kind of Chicken before, so I kinda stayed in my comfort zone. Chaat, is simply all over the place. There are a lot of colors, textures, and tastes involved. Sweet, salty, all kinds of stuff. It was not a distasteful dish, but for me personally, it was just too much going on at once.

I also ordered a vegetable samosa. I am absolutely NOOOO stranger to vegetable samosas. I've been obsessed with eating them since I was little. I basically only like them from one place in NJ. I have tried others, to no avail. Something is always off. But this placed, NAILED IT! They were perfect. I now have 2 places I will eat samosas from.

My lassi. The real reason I stalked this place out. Again, growing up, and still to this day, i loveeee lassi's. I only had mango, and a plain version of Lassi's before. I knew I need to expand my palate, and man will this place help me. My guava lassi was to DIE for. Definitely a key reason in why I will be returning.

On the way out the door, the owner exchanged in small talk with us, and thanked us.
Wow, where do I start? I honestly could not have been any more satisfied with my trip to Mood Cafe, and I have never been more confident with this 5-star review. Everything about my visit was just perfect.

Let's start with just walking into the store. I was immediately greeted by the most pleasant owner of the restaurant. After observing that my friend and I were newcomers, he was so helpful with asking what kinds of flavors and ingredients we each liked so that he could customize the perfect first dish for the two of us. I gave up fried foods for lent, which I thought would be difficult for a chaat dish since the base of the dish is fried strips, but the owner told me that they served salads too, so the no-fried-foods restriction wouldn't be a problem at all. I love when restaurants are this accommodating to customer needs.

I wound up ordering a salad chaat with a mango lassi, and my friend got some kind of beef salad chaat with a strawberry lassi. Since it was our first time at the restaurant, the owner told us that if we didn't like the food, had a better chaat at another location, or thought the food was just "okay," our meal would be free. I've never met another man with better customer service. The chaat itself was just wonderful - a wonderful merriment of spiciness and sweetness, crunchiness and chewiness. I will say that chaat in general has very unique and bold flavor, and it's definitely worth a try if you've never had it before, though it may not be ideal for everyone's tastes. Personally, I love chaat, and this dish was probably one of the best, if not the best, that I've had. I could just tell that all of the ingredients (especially the delicious mangoes and dates!) were so fresh, which made my tummy so very happy.

The lassis were amazing as well. I was blinded by how many choices of lassi that there were on the board, but I wanted to stick with the classic mango. It was the perfect sweetness, not overpowering, and had just a hint of tartness from the yogurt. The strawberry lassi was wonderful as well - tasted like a healthier and fresher version of a milkshake. I can't wait to come back and try all of the other delicious combinations and flavors of lassi. Mood Cafe also has vegan options (with coconut milk, almond milk, or soy milk), which is great and a must-try in the future for me too. 

If the food itself isn't great enough, the business owner is one of the greatest humans I've ever met. He is so helpful and genuinely nice, and I felt like throughout the course of my meal, I was able to befriend him and hear so many of his wonderful stories. I asked about many of the unique ingredients and flavors found on his menu, and he was so enthusiastic in explaining to me and even letting me try a lot of his ingredients, such as his sweetened rose petals that are found in the rose lassi. Also, after hearing that my friend had never tried any of the desserts in his fridge (rice pudding, carrot halwa, and gulab jamun) before, he gave us samples of each! It was such a nice gesture and so uncommon nowadays in restaurants. It was so refreshing to find a restaurant that I genuinely love going into now.

There is no doubt in my mind that I will be back at Mood Cafe, even though it is a trek from Penn's campus. Lassi in the summer just sounds absolutely wonderful, but what I'm looking forward to the most is being able to talk to that wonderful man again.
Living in Cedar Park, I figured I just had to go here. And with all the positive reviews, how could I not? 

All the other yelpers are right. He is the man! My boyfriend and I went on a blistery cold December day, and we were his only customers that strolled thru the door. He explained what a chaat was very simply, and stated that if we liked it, we pay for it. If not, then he doesn't want our money. But with such nice service, how can I NOT pay him? Even if I wasn't the biggest fan, I can't just leave him without paying. So service - amazing, nice, comforting and welcoming

FOOD - this is probably a personal preference. I thought it was just OK. It is extremely flavorful, almost too flavorful? Too much was going on in my mouth. It was also cold, which I wasn't expecting. But that's probably what a chaat is. So it's cold, spicy, cilantro-y, sour/lemony, curry/indian flavory, yogurty all at the same time. The flavors were great, but just not my cup of tea. 
LASSI - was delicious. Mint + honey, do something different, don't just do mango! He has everyyything under the sea. He picked the mint fresh too :)

I probably won't return just due to personal preference. But if my friends from outta town wanted a good chaat, I would take them there. Or a good lassi in the spring/summer time? Hell yes.
Like many stores that line Baltimore Avenue in West Philly, Mood Cafe is privately owned and a sister store to Desi Village and Desi Chaat House. I have frequented Desi Chaat House more often because they have more variety of chaat, but Mood Cafe has more lassi options. I really like their lassi because it isn't that sweet, and my favourite is cardamom lassi. It has a slight tanginess from the yoghurt and just the right amount of cardamom flavour. It's actually really refreshing to drink on a very hot day. Mango lassi is very good also, once again with just the right sweetness and enough mango flavour. This time I ordered Kashmiri chaat and asked mine to be medium spicy. I love eating chaat during the summer months because it's refreshing and kind of helps my appetite when you don't want to eat anything. Just in case you don't know, chaat is one of the favourite Indian street food with all kinds of possible combination of veggies, crunchy Indian snacks, fruits, sauces, and yoghurt. The potential of combination seems endless. 

Mood Cafe is rather small for an eat in. They do have limited chairs and tables. I chose to do a take out (which most times seems more convenient). The service is really friendly and pretty efficient. I think they over made their mango lassi they gave me the extra portion in a small cup! If you are new to this area of West Philly you can choose to eat in, or take your food and drink over to Clark Park and have a picnic!
FIG LASSI!!!!

I almost wish that I never tried the lassi here....almost.  I am now addicted and I can't stomach that thick gross stuff served pretty much everywhere else.  I am totally in love with the lassi here.   It is light and fresh tasting, and not too sweet.  And the flavors they use are very fresh - no artificial flavoring here.  Amazing.  What can be said about the owner that hasn't already been said before, below?  He is the messiah of lassi and chaat, spreading the word like gospel.  His claims live up to the reality of the taste.  

Do yourself a favor and go get some.  You owe it to yourself to see how amazing lassi can taste.  But beware.  Even if you live far away, like me, you will find yourself craving this drink on a daily basis.
Chaat is basically a taste-free-for-all. Do you want a sort of South Asian spicy/sweet/savory/tangy explosion in your mouth? If you do, then you should check this place out. It wasn't what I was looking for on a cold, Sunday afternoon but it was super delightful. I was glad to have found it. You know how sometimes you eat something and it's so healthful that you feel your cells rejoicing? That's this place.

Also, everyone is right about Hassan. He is so helpful and so happy to introduce you to Chaat. I'd go back just for him. Also they can make their lassis vegan? Whaaaaat!
"Do you accept credit card?"
"I do, but the machine isn't working right now."
"Hmm.. I don't have any cash on me"
"Don't worry about it. You can pay for it the next time you come."
"Assuming there's a next time."
"We'll see about that. :)"

'nuf said! Hassan is legit. He also spent 10 minutes explaining what chaat was.


Small space. Clean. Not much indoor seating (10?). Organized menu. Chaat was deliciously spicy (per my request.)

If it were only more conveniently located...
How I have lived less than five minutes from here and never tried it before is beyond me... and was a huge mistake. The food is AMAZING. I love Indian food but had never had chaat before and I have been leery. I'm one of those people that doesn't always love all my food mixed together. However, this proved me wrong. The food was really flavorful and the guy who made my food was really helpful about recommending what to get, how spicy I would like it, what kind of lassi to pair it with AND even made the whole thing (lassi included) vegan for me!

Seriously, in a neighborhood of good food this place is a standout. 

Go here, eat amazing food, drink a delicious lassi, and experience friendly and helpful customer service.
Mood cafe is a quaint corner shop where the owner asks you what you are in the mood for. He explains the concept of his restaurant and what goes in his chaats. He is very friendly and aims to please. 

I went with a few people so we got a variety of lassi, which included: mango, honeydew, guava, peach, and watermelon. 

We also got two lamb and chicken chaats, which were spicy and mild. This meal is packed FULL of flavor. I had it in the winter, but I can also imagine myself having it during the hot summers because it's SUPER refreshing. It has so much flavor and is very visually appealing from the vibrant colors of the dish. 

The best lassi is the rose flavor. I must have had at least 10 different flavors and the rose was, by far, the best tasting one. The mango lassi wasn't the best I've ever had, as it was just good. 

Come give this place a try to have an awesome experience of small business owner who really cares about his food and makes sure his customers are well taken care of. 

There's some parking across the street.
I was lured to Mood Cafe by all of the positive reviews, and it has since become one of my favorite spots in the city to grab lunch, and I always stop there when I go to West Philly. 

There are so many flavors going on in this chaat, many of them I'm not accustomed to together. Looking at it, you're wondering how it can all come together, but it somehow does, and does extremely well.

As other reviewers have mentioned, the owner is really friendly, will happily cater to your tastes, explain what's what, and walk you through the menu. It shows that he is passionate about what he's doing, and enjoys exposing people to new tastes. However, the last time we were there he had mentioned that he would probably be working out of a new restaurant that he opened, so I can't speak for the new guys.
I really cannot compliment this place enough, it sets the bar for chaat. I never been disappointed there. The mix of flavors and textures always comes out just right.

Also, the owner is the friendliest guy you'll ever meet. It's obvious that he loves what he does; he always goes out of his way to make the experience great. Sometimes I do not order anything off the menu and just tell him to suprise me. He is more than happy to just throw some things together, explaining as he goes along.
I've been to Desi Chaat a lot and wanted to try another place, so I went down the street to Mood Cafe.  There is one guy behind the counter who spent a while asking me what sorts of food I liked and what spice I can handle.  I asked him to explain all of the ingredients and he went through them one by one.  It was very informative and interesting, and I appreciated his excitement and knowledge about the different flavors and combinations.

We eventually decided on the crazy chaat, a blend of a lot of chaats.  I say "we" decided because he took my feedback - and perhaps my mood - into account.  I would venture to say the chaat was life-changing, but I'm also a huge fan of Indian food and chaat so count that as my bias.  In any event, because of the good vibes of this place and the ridiculously delicious food, I will surely be back.
Went here for the first time yesterday with my friend, and I must say I felt in love! Don't be fooled by the size of the place. It may look a bit small and old, but the menu is wonderful. They have about 100 types of lassi (not just mango lassi), ranging from fruit flavor, veggie to peanut butter. We got a mango - papaya lassi, a rose lassi and a chicken chatt. It's hard to say which one was best, because they all tasted wonderful. extremely aromatic and not too sweet (Yesss!) 

The owner was really friendly and nice to us. We got overwhelmed by the menu, so we stood there 15mins just to study it. Lol and he just chatted to us the whole time and making great great suggestions! I haven't met such a friendly, sweet and nice owner in a very very long time. And you can tell he's sincerely nice to you. And other customers there were very sweet as well. 

I can't make enough recommdation about this place! Great food, good price and more than wonderful service. It was my first time there, but won't be the last.
Mood Cafe is exactly as everyone here describes and is equally wonderful. It's a one-man operation, so not the place to go if you're in a hurry. It's a bit of a spectacle in itself to watch the chaat coming together - a little dance behind the counter to assemble all of the various ingredients. We got a punjabi chaat and the crazy chaat - couldn't really tell the difference between the two, but it didn't matter a bit because it was really good. Also, the fig lassi was completely and totally off the hook - this could quickly become and obsession. Good, good, damn good food, and not at all expensive. Just try it. Now.
Mood Cafe is such a delightful place for a quick meal. 

You basically get to customize your dish which includes an array of spices, flavors and textures. I usually get the samosa combo which is so yummy!!

Everything is made to order, including their lassi's (which can also be made vegan) so plan to wait a few minutes for your order. It's worth the wait!

Omnomnom.
This is probably the most confusing thing I've ever eaten. But it was really good!!

The chaat is so interesting. It's a mix of tender meat, chickpeas, mango chunks, radish slices, raisins, and fried strips covered in raita, mint/cilantro chutney, and sweet tamarind chutney. The owner claimed the green sauce was spicy, but I literally tasted no heat, but definitely lots of flavor! I loved the chaat. I got the chicken tikka chaat, and it was just bursting with sweet, tangy, salty, yummy flavor. So unique.

The rice pudding they have in the fridge was also super delicious! Much thicker than normal kheer, and so rich with condensed milk flavor. The pistachios on top were a nice touch and a great texture contrast from the thick pudding.

They also gave us free bottled water :) That shouldn't excite me as much as it does, but yay!

Mood Cafe is super good, super interesting, and definitely something to try!
New guy on payroll is rude and slow. I wish Hassan was there when i went bc i would have pulled him over to the side to mention it. Kid needs to get his act together or find a new job.
VISIT HISTORY: 
- Last visit: last Thursday with a friend 
- Frequency: this was my second time. First time I came with a foodie friend who had Mood cafe on her list for awhile.
- Next visit? Maybe once more before I leave Phily but it's kinda far. Distance is the only factor though.

FOODRINK:
- Mangk Lassi: my friend had been craving the Lassi for so long and we were so focused on getting this Lassi that we left our cards at the previous restaurant we were at. It's made right on the spot. I wish there had been more yogurt. The options for lassis are endless. 
- Crazy Chaat: its house specialty! The sauce is aaaaawwweesssoomee. It's the perfect amount of cool, chilly, and spice. The potatoes are diced tomatoes perfect bite sizes. Lovr the crunch mixed with the creamy sauce and the refreshing zeal of the chutney. I wished we weren't so full from dinner but we still finished 80% of it.

VIBE:
- Very casual 
- Pretty small 
- Unexpectedly cute 
- The type of authentic place that doesn't focus on decoration. 
- Sits maybe maximum 8 people. 
- Service was great. Guy smiled a lot and gave funny suggestions. 
- Wait time for food arrival: almost non-existent
PROS: Delicious, flavorful, cheap, lots of interesting layers of ingredients, super helpful & friendly guy
CONS: Better for takeout!

Not that I'm particularly knowledgeable about chaats, but this is THE best chaat (samosa chaat) I've ever tried. It's like a really flavorful, exciting salad mixture of all things crispy, savory, and sweet! I'll definitely return to try more items off the menu (including the extensive list of fruit lassis)!
Great lassi's and chaat! A huge variety and they're all good. You can ask for less or no sugar in the lassi if you like it less sweet.
You need to eat here.  It is seriously the best restaurant in the Baltimore Ave area.  My boyfriend and I live about a block away and eat here at least once a week.  Hassan is very friendly and will make something special for you.  If you ask questions, you will get exactly what you want.  I'm vegan and he is very good at accommodating.  Everything, including the lassis, can be made vegan.  If you order Indian hot, be prepared, it's a heat that builds over time.  You'll be happy that you bought that lassi on the side (or got a free one for being a member of his facebook group).  Food is inexpensive and pretty fast.  Comes packaged in a nice plastic tupperware type thing that I now use for all my leftovers.  Seriously, though, this place is outstanding.
We had no idea this was in our area. We usually go to Desi Chaat House, but this was surprisingly delicious. They have a vast menu. We had the samosa chaat and Punjabi chaat. I loved the dates and mango to cool down the spices. Only downfall was my samosa seemed a day old. The texture on the outside was tough. 

The owner is incredibly sweet. We went a second time and the credit card system was down. He let us sit down and eat our food while he worked on it. I thought that was really sweet! We offered to pay cash but he insisted on us sitting down and eating while he corrected the issue.
Desi Village, Inc. is venturing into a third location along Baltimore Avenue in West Philadelphia, only not a restaurant. Mood Cafe, a coffee shop with South Indian flair, is set to open in early May.

I had a conversation with the owner of Mood Cafe as he was supervising the exterior being painted the customary orange of many of the Desi Village, Inc. locations.

Unlike Desi Village and Desi Chaat House, the emphasis at Mood Cafe will be on beverages. Cafe standards like coffee, tea, lattes and espresso will be available as well as Chaat House favorites including freshly squeezed juices.  Unlike other locations, plans are in the works for nearly a dozen different varieties of lassi. Chaat will also be available.

It will be interesting to see if this location becomes an option for residents south of Baltimore Avenue for whom The Satellite, The Green Line, and The Gold Standard are not viable options.
I love Indian food and never had chaat before. It's like a street food dish with everything tossed in: crispy won-ton noodle things, radish, meats, tons of veggies, tons of different sauces. It attacks every taste bud. It was total comfort food, very reasonably priced and had a good portion size.

The owner is SUPER nice. We told him it was our first time and he described all the ingredients and styles. Helped us choose our first chaats and spices. Also... the bottled water is free to everyone. And if we didn't like anything it was free on the house. I love his confidence and enthusiasm for his product.

Food and service alone are worth checking this out. But I also loved the style of this cafe: I'm also a huge fan of places that do 1 or 2 things really well. Mood cafe only serves up Chaat dishes and lassi smoothies. But there's like 30 variations of each. I can't wait to go back and try something crazier in the chaat category.
This place had some amazing chaats and lassis. We got bhel Puri, garlic and ginger chicken chaat, chicken green chili chaat, rose lassi and Pina colada lassi. The chaats were delicious and the spice level can be customized to your preference. The rose lassi was really good.. it's made out of fresh roses. The owner is super friendly and the service is good. Would definitely recommend!
Before I moved further West I was a regular client at Desi Chaat living just 1 block away (I'd eat their food 3-5 times a week). Chaat became an obsession of mine. Nowadays I live right next to Mood Cafe and it has become a local favorite of mine (for good reason). The owner, Hassan, is a good man who aims to please and has never once lets me down. I often stop by after class not bothering to look at the menu and always asking about any new creations or concoctions as I love to explore and try new tastes and flavors. 

Fair warning, there is no kitchen on premises so don't expect the meals to be made in front of you from scratch and magically served within minutes. I love and recommend the samosas (with all the fixings on them) and I always ask for a nice kick of a spice. Hassan often tells new clients of his money back guarantee if your not pleased but I have yet to see anyone take him up on it. What I really love about Mood Cafe and why I happily give it 5 stars is because of the menu; it isn't stale or rigid, rather more of work of art, dynamic and ever-evolving. The other reason is because it's one of the few places that takes me serious when I say I want "back home" spicy spicy, NOT white man spicy ;-). hehehe
Hassan is the Sultan of Chaats!

It's sparkling clean, and Hassan ALWAYS greets you with a smile, no matter how busy he is!  He always remembers you, and all I need to say is... "I'd like a crunchy Chaat", and he just knows what I like!

The Samosas are absolutely ridiculously yummy!  They are actually mini-chaats, and if you've never had a Chaat, but know you like Samosas, try one!  It will give you a taste of what a Chaat is all about!

The Lassis... oh... the Lassi's!!!  I've tried quite a few of the different flavors, but I always come back to the Honey Mint, soooo delicious, and refreshing!  AND HE CAN MAKE THEM VEGAN!

The fruit ice's are something you MUST try in the summer.  I would suggest to ask to try a little taste of the sandalwood syrup before you order one with that.  I happen to love it, but it is an acquired taste to some.  He's always willing to let you try things first.  

Ohhhhh and the desertssssss...  
The Kheer... seriously... if you even remotely like Kheer, try his!  It's thick, flavorful like nothing I've had before.  It has the consistency of my Gram's rice pudding from when I was a kid!  

I really just can't say enough about my love for Mood Cafe!!!


(... now I want a chaat... guess where I'm going for lunch???!! )
I barely review anything and I had to review Mood Cafe.  The rose lassi and the chaat were two of the best things I have ever tasted!  Owner is so friendly and helpful.  He made me my first chaat ever and I LOVED it.
This place is amazing. Somehow I never came here during the year I lived in University City, but now that Phil H. lives nearby Mood has become one of our favorite places and a standard weekend visit. 
Chaat is fast, flavorful and filling. And cheap. It's a great value and among the chaats I've tried, there isn't a bad one. I usually go for "spicy" and my boyfriend gets medium, but since chaat includes fruit and yogurt it's never overwhelmingly spicy. This is a UCity gem.
I've wanted to try this place out for a while, just due to the reviews on Yelp. I FINALLY GOT TO!!!

Going in, I already knew I wanted a lassi... I'm not new to drinking them.... I grew uo eating Indian food, but for some reason, never heard of Chaat". I had questions. There was a younger man behind the counter, who answered.my questions SUPER FAST... On top of the accent, I really couldn't understand him. I wish he'd taken the time to speak slower, and explain. So I felt kinda rushed to make my decision on food.

I got a Chicken Tikka chaat. I've had this kind of Chicken before, so I kinda stayed in my comfort zone. Chaat, is simply all over the place. There are a lot of colors, textures, and tastes involved. Sweet, salty, all kinds of stuff. It was not a nasty dish, but for me personally, it was just too much going on at once.

I also ordered a vegetable samosa. I am absolutely NOOOO stranger to vegetable samosas. I've been obsessed with eating them since I was little. I basically only like them from one place in NJ. I have tried others, to no avail. Something is always off. But this placed, NAILED IT! They were perfect. I now have 2 places I will eat samosas from.

My lassi. The real reason I stalked this place out. Again, growing up, and still to this day, i loveeee lassi's. I only had mango, and a plain version of Lassi's before. I knew I need to expand my palate, and man will this place help me. My guava lassi was to DIE for. Definitely a key reason in why I will be returning.

On the way out the door, the owner exchanged in small talk with us, and thanked us. I like owners like that.
I walked in to Mood Cafe a few weeks ago completely skeptical about lassis in general. How many times had friends tried to force mango lassi on me with cries of, "try it, try it!" I pretty much hate mango/mango-flavors, so after my second mango lassi or so, I swore off the concept...associating mango + lassi forever in my mind, and resigned myself to never having one again.

Turns out mango is just one of the many flavors (over 20) you can get at Mood Cafe-I've had the blueberry lassi twice and it has a fantastic flavor and texture. Kind of like a milkshake plus a slurpee that's blueberry flavored and basically super delicious. I also have to say I really appreciate the fact that you can make any lassi vegan without any big fuss! I'm definitely coming back and trying more flavors.
If the meals were $90 instead of $9, this guy would be a 3-star Michelin chef. Don't let the cheap prices and unassuming location fool you.
The drinks selection is quite good, but the food, not so much.

Stopped by here a short while back to get my mid-afternoon fix, and it was decent, I guess. The lassi/drink selection is really quite good, and I don't think that I've seen such a wide swath of selections outside of Edison, NJ, here in the US. The lassis themselves are well balanced, taste good, and certainly not for those on diets! But they're really good.

The chaats and food selections, not so much. The food is pretty standard stuff, but I really was not a fan of the naans, which is a shame. Further, the chaat items are really not that great - there's other places in the locale that're much better for the food fare.

But, if you're going here just for the drinks, you're in the right place!
Chaat: Carb salad consists of layers of crunchy deliciousness!
Base: fried crackers/noodles, boiled potatoes, chickpeas, puffed rice
Sauce: sweet, savory, spicy, fruity etc.
Topping: vegetables, samosa, chicken, fruit, etc. 
Sauce and topping varies from chaat to chaat and cook to cook 

If you never had chaat, try it!! It's so different, yet so good! Its crunchy, savory, tangy, and spicy! Talk about a party in your mouth. Its also cold, which I was not expecting, but it also made it very refreshing even with all the different flavors. 

Mood's café specialize in Lassi (yogurt based smoothie) and chaat. It's a great spot for lunch or snack! Definitely come from lassi if chaat is not your cup of tea. In fact, the lassi menu is bigger than chaat menu. All the lassi can be made vegan w/ almond milk, and there are lots of vegetarian options. 

Vegan mango lassi $3.99 - It was very refreshing and not too sweet. I would definitely come back to explore their other 59 flavor combinations. 

Samosa Chaat $5.99 - The portion seems small, but its definitely filling. I wish there was more than 1 samosa though. 

Daal Mash Chaat $6.99 - A little bit more savory than Samosa. I wish there was more of a difference between the two. I felt the only difference was the sauce and samosa. 

Chaat is a popular street food in India, and its awesome that Hassan brought it to West Philly.
Came here with a girl.

Ordered some lassi's and a veggie chaat. I loved the rose and mango lassi drinks (smoothies). The chaat was interesting with some strong spicy flavors even though it was on the lower end of the spiciness level but I really enjoyed it.

Very healthy choices and Hasan was very helpful, friendly and very generous. Something you do not find a whole lot of, so I appreciated that about this place. There's only enough seats (along the storefront window) for about 4 people + chairs and they bring out the outdoor patio tables and chairs in May (after winter) so it'd be nice to eat outdoors. This place did seem like an order-to-go spot. Saw a lot of people come in and take their orders to-go.

I'd definitely go back and try out the other lassi's. It does contain yogurt so if you're lactose intolerant, you might want to take that into consideration. 

Also, this is not just a vegetarian/vegan spot, though that is what they primarily have, they also serve certain chaat dishes with different kinds of meats.

It's neighborhood street parking here so it's best if you took pub transportation or if you're close enough, walk (it didn't seem too ghetto).

Oh yeah, West Philly.

Parking: Street
Price: $4-$8
Wait: 5 mins after ordering
Mood Cafe is a lassie and chat based cafe, it's a unique place to chill with friends. In the summer the outdoor seating is great, and fits perfect with the refreshing lassies. Unfortunately the indoor seating is subpar.

As far as the food, I've never been disappointed. With all the options, selections, and combinations, along with the fact that you get a little extra lasssie to share with your friends, you can't go wrong with mood cafe! I recommend a rose-honey lassie. There are little sweet chewy pieces at the bottom, and the rose flavor works amazing with yogurt! 

I would like to visit in the colder months, but I doubt I will be as inclined to go with the indoor seating. If they moved the freezer (space is tight), acquired comfortable/fancy chairs, and put on some fitting music, I might change my mind!
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! If you are from here or just driving through philly definitely stop by to get one of the 60 flavors of lassi. All can be made non dairy / vegan and it has absolutely amazing customer service. The price is tooo good for what you get will be absolutely coming back!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE the Mood Cafe!  I have never been a big fan of lassis, but I had heard that they were particularly good here, so I thought I'd give it a try.

I walked in, saw the fresh pineapples on display and decided to get a pineapple lassi. Hassan suggested I try a mint and honey one instead. I said sure.  Not only did he make the mint and honey lassi, but then he made the pineapple lassi as well so I "wouldn't worry that I had missed out."  Needless to say they were both so insanely delicious that I ended up drinking two lassis for dinner that night, a decision I do not regret (although I do feel slightly ashamed- I could not stop drinking them they were so delicious!).  So yes, two lassis for three dollars that night! 

I left VERY satisfied!
This place by far has the best rose lassi I've ever tasted...it's been weeks and I'm still thinking about it. Freshly made with real rose petals. Subtle flavor, not overly sweet. No artificial syrups here. Definitely raised the bar for other lassies. 

My chicken chaat was just as amazing. Each bite had a different combination of flavors and textures. Don't be fooled by the serving size. This isn't a snack, it's a dense meal in of and itself. Bf had the salad chaat with lamb, ate 'til he was full and still had leftovers. (Dude lifts, so that should tell you something). I wish I could find a place like this back home.

Wonderful service.  You won't be disappointed.
An Indian take counter counter with a few tables. Don't let the simplicity fool you. For what it is, the smoothie type drinks and food is pretty good. Vegan options and helpful staff.
I wish I could give this place 6 stars, it's that amazing. Hassan is the most gracious, nicest business owner I've ever met. The food and drinks are simply amazing. Not to mention the value this place brings. We got 4 drinks, 5 meals for less than $60. Hassan also mixed us up an extra drink and cups to sample more different lassis because we were first timers. He catered our meals to our tastes and asked us questions about what we liked and catered it to the 5 senses. I came all the way from San Diego to sample this amazing cuisine and I will definitely be back and bring friends too. Hassan is an artist, he made the drinks and food very artistic and the taste is nothing I've ever had and I've traveled all over the world to sample local cuisines. He took traditional Indian food and made it a fusion of new flavors. He also explained to us in detail how he created certain sauces like the green sauce had so many fresh, unique ingredients in it that were too many for me to remember. 

Simply amazing. Fantastic food and service. A+++++
Have been wanting to try this place for months and finally made it -- it was worth the wait! Hassan was super friendly and accommodating, took the time to explain the whole menu to us and give us recommendations, said we didn't have to pay if we weren't satisfied (of course we ended up paying because it was amazing!) and even let us try his homemade rose petal essence/reduction. Everything was absolutely delicious, will definitely be back to try the 100 other flavors of chaat and lassis :)
I took my Pakistani friend from NJ, we drove 2 hours one way to try food in this place which we picked based on numerous positive reviews. 
So friendly, I felt like owner knows us and he tried his best to please us.
I just wanted to say thank you and also my friend told his desserts are very authentic. I would suggest to try Rasmalai.
5.0/5 

The lassi's at Mood Cafe aren't just good; they're heavenly. What's more, there's more flavors than you could ever imagine. Upon entering the cafe, you're immediately greeted by a huge chalkboard with a listing of 60 lassi and "lassi combination" flavors. There are your standard options -- like mango -- but also many more incredibly unique and exciting flavors to try: rose, apple fig, date almond, spicy mint, "salty queen" (this one's a bit of an enigma), orange papaya, peaches & cream...

But it doesn't stop there. The owner, Hassan, actually initially made a menu of 140 items, until he realized that customers were suffering from decision paralysis. If you ask, he'll craft an off-menu lassi custom made for you. After learning that I like nuts, he made me one of his own personal favorites, "almond pistachio with a dash of cardamom". It -- and each of the ~8-10 flavors I've tried so far -- was DELICIOUS. I would go so far as to describe Hassan's lassi combinations as an experience, not just a drink. In the first sip, you're hit with the whirlwind of different flavors in your mouth. It's surprising, so you sip again. Perhaps the flavor gives you an immediate joy, or perhaps you're not sure what to think. Nonetheless, you're intrigued. So you sip again. Soon enough, with sip after sip, you begin unraveling the complex tastes of the drink, until it gains a familiarity that makes the flavor even more delicious with every sip.

Protip: If you like the yogurt flavor of traditional lassi's, ask for a yogurt base. If you prefer something more like a juice smoothie, ask for a juice base.

Besides the tastiness of the drinks, I'd also like to note that the owner Hassan is incredibly friendly. Every time I've gone with friends, he'll give us an extra sample cup with each of our drinks so that we can trade and try each other's flavors. He promises not to charge us if we don't like our drink, though we've never done that of course because every drink is delicious. The last time I went, he even gave my friend and I extra sample cups from a different customer's custom drink, so that we could try a new flavor he had never made before, "rose mint". (This one's particularly special because it's made from rose and mint that Hassan grew himself!) Mood Cafe's massive menu is something Hassan has incredible fun with, and you can see it in the delight on his face when he gets to combine different ingredients in new and interesting ways.

While I usually go to Mood Cafe for the lassis, the chaat is also pretty tasty. Warning: If you ask for "very spicy", it's ACTUALLY very spicy, not your typical Americanized "very spicy". I consider myself to have a fairly okay spice tolerance, and I absolutely died. Thank goodness I had the lassi to save me from the fire ^^;; On the other hand, I didn't find the "medium spicy" to be spicy at all.

In summary, would highly highly recommend, especially the lassi combinations! And if you have the time, be sure to strike up a conversation with the owner too -- he's super friendly!
From the people who brought you Desi Village and Desi Chaat House comes Mood Cafe, a nice little addition to Baltimore Ave.

A friend and I stopped in a couple of weeks after opening in search of something suitable for obscenely hot weather - meaning not too heavy and a short walk away. I also remembered seeing that they served lassi and milkshakes, so off we went!

My friend comes from a sad, sad place where she can get Indian food but not chaat. I feel bad for her. So she was a little overwhelmed and watched carefully as the guy at the counter explained everything he was going to do to my papri chaat. That was no simple task, since this chaat was loaded up like you would not believe. I can't even begin to list all the things that went into it, just layer after layer of all good things. Maybe a little heavy-handed on the sauce so it got soupy toward the end, but every bite brought something new.

In fact, it was loaded up enough that we considered sharing. We were talked into getting a couple of samosas to go with, which was very kindly turned into samosa chaat just to make our tastebuds happier. And, seeing that my friend was unused to chaat, the owner told her not to pay until after she'd eaten. Very nice of him. She loved it, though!

Even though were were stuffed from our chaat orgy, dessert was needed. Namely, something cold! My friend was intrigued by the sandlewood shaved ice (something I will be trying someday) but sadly the ice machine had not been delivered yet! We both ended up with saffron milkshakes, a great choice. The shakes are made thin, which means you can suck them down on a summer day without feeling like you'll explode. The saffron ice cream is heavy on the pistachio, but tasty and something you're not going to find everywhere.

Overall, Mood Cafe was a great experience. It's obvious that the owner is really going out of his way to bring in business and distinguish this location from Desi's other spots. He's doing a great job, and I'm glad to help by raving about the food and service! Another trip or two that good and I'll bump them up to 5 stars for sure!
Wow! This place is amazing! The owner, Hassan, is the sweetest guy! If you've never tried chaats before, he tells you to tell him what meat or if you want no meat and how spicy you'd like it then he makes you the best thing you've ever had. As other reviewers have also said, he tells you if you've ever had a better chaat or you simply don't like your chaat, it is on the house. The Lassis are equally as amazing although, the lassi and chaat were too much for me to finish. I recommend to anyone even if you have to go out of your way to get there. If I lived in the area, I'd be there everyday! Such a great experience!
Moving away from Philly has been devastating because I get uncontrollable cravings for this place and its Chicken Salad Chaat. I've been here countless times since it opened up in 2011, and tried a variety of the lassi flavor combinations. Combining chaat with salad is sheer genius and that credit goes to the owner Hasan who is also behind Desi Chaat House. Seriously, the idea should be patented by him, as it's the most unique way to make South Asian street food trendy, hip, healthy, and accessible to people. The chaat serves as the crunch, and the raitas and chutneys as dressing for the salad, with other delicious mix-ins. The lassi's are pretty great too. Mood Cafe uses fresh fruit that is frozen so that any flavor smoothie can be enjoyed in any season. My personal favorites are the guava lassi and the pomegranate lassi. I love going back to this place every time I visit philly. 

If only there were more places like this in the Midwest too.
First things first, the food is really good. Enjoyed by Chicken Chaat and Strawberry Lassi. The other thing is that the owner is so nice. I was a klutz and dropped my Lassi on the way out the door. Literally spilled it on their front step. The owner felt bad for me and made me another one right away. I offered to pay for it and he wouldn't let me. Another worker cleaned up the mess on the front step before I could attempt to leave a second time. All in all, great food and great service.
I stopped by there today with my boyfriend before he had to go to work. I've lived in West Philly for almost a year now, this was my first time coming in to order. I had heard great things about the Mood, and even had a friend bring some food home for me to try and I loved it.

The man behind the counter was very nice and acknowledged it was our first time there and explained what chaat was, how it was made and how he could make it for us. He said if we didn't like it, we didn't have to pay. I wish I had enough $$ to give him a great big tip! It was DELICIOUS! Mine, and my boyfriend's plate too;D Cashews and yogurt and fruit and veggies and grains and beans and crunchy things and ever so perfectly spicy!

I want to make the Mood Cafe a regular take-out and eat-in for me. So impressed!
Can't beat it! The huge selection of lassi's are outstanding (fig lassi mmmm...) and the samosas are great, but the real thing to come here for is Hassan and his chaats. 

Chaat is kind of hard to describe. It's a South Indian street food that is a medley of a whole bunch of things: crunchy noodles and puffed rice, dried fruits and nuts, chutneys and sauces, and other things. There's a menu of about 15 different varieties, but Hassan is always helpful and will make you exactly what you want. 

So much love for this place!
UPDATE: Since Hassan has made various additions to the menu, I am compelled to write an update to the review I wrote earlier.

The new additions are the kabobs, meals and soups...perfect for the cooler weather. The meals are wholesome and like 'home-made meals', especially the daals. The Shami kabobs are excellent!!
Having a sweet tooth, the newly added sweets also caught my eye. I tried the ras malai and carrot halwa, and they are delicious!

In spite of all these additions, one thing is the same - Hassan's enthusiasm and love for what he does. The taste and quality of all his products is consistently good! Its already a regular haunt for me, but with the frequent, new and absolutely lip-smacking additions Hassan is always making, it is a fun trip everytime! Whenever I go there, I have this question - what new, yummy thing will Hassan have today? And I must say, I have never been disappointed!
------------------------
Coming from the land of chaat and lassis, I must say, I am impressed! I discovered it, right on its second day of existence, and rejoiced to find not just chaats and lassis, but awesome milkshakes, shaved ice and FRESH SQUEEZED juices. So far, I have been here about 5 times, getting something new each time. Usually, I am the kind who sticks to my favorites and is wary of venturing onto something new, but this place has so many tempting options, that you just have to try them. 
The chaats are quite authentic with all the chaat-imperative sauces and ingredients spot on. I especially love the aloo paapri chaat and the dhokla chaat. 
Hassan, the owner, is enthusiastic and is really proud of the products he serves. He especially prides himself on selling fresh juices, which true to the word and absolutely fresh, delicious and refreshing, with no preservatives or sugar, Hassan proudly states. He is generous and gives you samplers the juices ready - the latest addition to the list is grape juice, quite delicious. My favorites are the orange juice and apple juice, with the carrot juice and beet juice following at a close second place.

The lassis and the milkshakes are divine! My choice would be: the all-berry lassi and the saffron milk-shake (Hassan made me a special one, after I told him that I like cooling flavor of sandalwood too). 

Gotta go there!
I've heard from people who know chaat that the "chaat" at Mood Cafe is not authentic at all.  The food is still good, though, so my advice for reducing cognitive dissonance in experienced chaat-eaters is to come here, eat the food & ignore the fact that they're calling it "chaat".

The chaat here is full of crispy bits, as well as bits of fresh vegetables (radish, onion), nuts, and sauces or chutneys. In addition to the Crazy Chaat I've had before, I also quite like the Punjabi Chaat -- it has the crispy bits and sweetness I like. Samosa chaat was fine; the samosa was warm, soft and comforting, pretty standard.  Shahi chaat has lots of nuts, but the combination of textures didn't suit me.

Lassis are good here. I've had rose and cardamom lassis & they were both good.

Mood Cafe has great vegetarian options that are good, healthy, and fresh. I highly recommend them!  Be aware that there isn't much seating inside.
I love orange.  I love orange buildings where they offer orange things to eat and drink, then use the orange fruit pulp to mulch the orange marigolds in the orange-rimmed tree lawns out front.  If Mood Café's "mood" is reflected by their color scheme, then that works for me. 

Also the Mood offers vegan lassi in 20+ flavours.  However, the Mood uses almond milk, which tends to overpower the fruit--Maybe switch to rice milk so that we can taste the fruit?

Now all that Baltimore Ave needs are dosas and a proper kati roll and we'll be good to go...
Okay, first, I  have to say that Secret V. is going to have to update his/her review-- Mood Cafe does serve Vegan Lassis and now has a sign in the window to advertise them! :-) 

Hassan, the owner, is awesome. Friendly, generous, and is really proud of his product. As he should be -- the lassis are amazing. I had the strawberry and mango lassis, and they were the perfect flavor and texture. He has a ton of other flavors, too -- mint, honey, blueberry, etc.-- so I can already see that I'm going to spend most of my summer trying them all. 

Add to that the juice-- seriously, I might have found a new addiction with the carrot juice. I don't even eat carrots in their natural state-- but the juice?! So pure, so sweet, so cold and refreshing. I had one last night and I tried to go by to get one again this morning (but it wasn't open yet)!

They also serve beet juice, apple juice, and others-- ALL FRESH-SQUEEZED! And delicious! Seriously, Mood Cafe makes an all-liquid diet seem like a good idea. I also ate a couple of samosas that Hassan dressed for me with peas and other flavors - the spices were so yummy and the toppings made it SO good. The perfect complement to the liquid ambrosia I had been consuming earlier. 

I have no doubt I'm going to be making my way to Mood Cafe many times this summer. I'm only afraid that with stuff this tasty, the place may get TOO popular!
Chaat, their signature dish, is like nothing you have ever tasted before.  Others here have described it aptly.  I will just add my own experience.  It is a combination of tastes and textures that are absolutely incredible.  To steal an inane but appropriate phrase, chaat is a party in your mouth.  Open your mind and try it.  The owner was so confident that he said he would not charge me if I didn't like it or just thought it was ok.  I was happy to give him money.  Then for dessert he gave me some sweet homemade cheese, a little like ricotta but sweeter.
Deserving of all 5 star reviews. When I moved to West Philly, my friend brought me here because he'd been wanting to go. I was so happy he did because with an uninteresting and undescriptive name like Mood Cafe, I'm not certain I would have come in anytime soon.

The service is fast and friendly and the food is a gigantic and pleasant surprise. Bountiful flavors, meshing and contrasting textures, color, and novelty. No one's heard about chaat and it's unfortunate because it's so tasty. I love to introduce this place to others because they deserve the attention.
This review is solely for the lassis and the service...

I took my boyfriend here to experience his first lassi, raving about how delicious they are and how since childhood they have been my favorite part of the Indian dining experience.

When we popped by the one trained employee there was training a newbie who seemed to be on their very first day.  While I am usually very patient in these kinds of situations, I was pretty frustrated that they chose to train someone on how to make a lassi on a Saturday evening.

When we finally got our peach lassi it was very milky, icy, bland, and not at all peachy.  It was nothing like the tangy, thick yogurt-drink I imagined it to be.  Maybe I just don't like their style, but this lassi was nothing to write home about and we actually ended up giving it to our cats...

I'll definitely be back to give them another try though... the chaats look great and I'm hoping this is not their norm.
Hassan bhai is among my favorite Pakistanis now. 

Good chat. Excellent lassis. 

Hassan bhai ke baathein aur imaandaari se bani behthereen mahol.
I was looking for inexpensive quick food. So I yelped and now Im a fan. At first i was concerned because everything was premade and he had a microwave. But this place was AWESOME.
After hearing so many great things about this place, I hate to say that I wasn't really fond of their chaats. I don't think I will come back here again but because of the owners passion and friendless, I am going to give this a 4 star. The owner is extremely helpful in helping you decide what chaat is and what exactly the ingredients/toppings are. As an Indian, I think this place is meant for non-Indians who don't know what real Indian food is suppose to taste like.
Laasis are average. 
Overall, I'm glad I tried it. 
PS: the owner claims that if you don't like the chaat, you won't have to pay for it. But in my opinion, if you get a whole container of chaat, finish eating it and then say you don't like it, I think that's just plain rude and cheap of you to not pay for the food (whether you liked it or not).
Ask the owner for suggestions! He's amazing. I had never had chaat before so he talked me through all the options and eventually just had him give me the most simple item- samosa chaat. 

Be sure to emphasize that vegan because yogurt sauce is a default ingredient.
I haven't even finished moving into the neighborhood and already my goal for the summer is to try each of the 30 flavors.
Very unpleasant, disinterested and unhelpful service -  a hostility unlike anything I have ever experienced in a restaurant so highly rated by Yelp.  I asked if they had saag chat, and the man behind the counter looked at me like I was speaking Chinese.  "Spinach chat?" I translated.  It was all he could do to wave at the menu board, which in no way explained what each dish had.  When we paid, it took him several minutes to be able to change the $20 bill for our order.  Once the owner arrived (after we had ordered), this same man suddenly became friendly.  STAY AWAY -- there is a lot more friendly food just down the street at Aksum.  They don't hate the customer!!
