It's a shame that you can't opt for zero stars. I had high hopes for this place. I went a month ago on a Saturday afternoon for a few cocktails with a friend and it was busy but not crazy. The service was decent at the bar. I was really excited because one of my favorite dj/artists rjd2 is a regular performer there. So I bought the tickets for the show on 7/11 and went with a friend, who happens to have the disability of only having one eye. Long story short, he went out to smoke and on the way back in he stumbled on the first stair into the place, hence only having one eye and not the greatest depth perception, and the goons working the door wouldn't let him back in. The show had not even started yet. So I went out to find out why they wouldn't let him back in and told them about his disability, but they just didn't care one bit, he was not coming back in. I started to get agitated with them as the show hadn't started and I had an open tab in there and they then pushed me out on to the sidewalk and told me to leave too. These thugs wouldn't give me my card back on my tab, then when they realized I wasn't leaving without it took 20 minutes and returned my card and tab was much larger than the 3 drinks I bought on it.  They refused to give me anything other than the credit card receipt so I couldn't even verify what they were charging me for. I will be disputing that with my bank. 


Overall I want to send out a huge FUCK YOU to Morgans Pier, and here are the reasons why I will tell everyone I know to never go to your sleazy establishment. Not only do you discriminate against people with disabilities but your door staff seems to get off on what little power they are given and are complete and utter assholes but you also tried to rip me off. Ill be sure that you get NONE of the money I had originally tried to spend there. I hope this review steers everyone away. The only thing you had was location. Buh bye
I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet! I've been here so many times, and each time is better than the last!!

Most recently, I came here on a Monday afternoon to kill about 4 hours while catching up with a friend before dinner (#teacherlife).  It was a sunny Monday - but there was a storm coming in, so there was an awesome breeze.  

Anyways, we show up around 3:55 and the gates are closed (they open at 4pm!)  We snagged a big booth on the dock side and chilled out with some wine and waters #roseallday . The waitress was super sweet about leaving us alone, and came by once in a while to check on us and refill drinks if we needed.  We also ordered food - the 7 layer dip on Happy Hour - I would almost suggest this as a single-person dip, it's TINY - but we were headed to dinner eventually so it might've been for the best.   It was the perfect way to relax in the city, while feeling like you're at the beach!

In the past, I've been here late-night and after dinner, they light up the twinkling lights, play music (or sports on the TVs), and it's such a fun atomsphere.  Lots of different sections to differentiate seating - the bar is a social and louder place, the seats by the trees for a more casual hang (and have pillow cushions to sit on!), or even upstairs!  A definite must-go on my Philly list. 

I'll definitely be back!
Sometimes you don't appreciate the things you have until you see them from someone else's point of view. Morgan's Pier, for example. I bumped into a friend from Manhattan there a few weeks ago and he was really impressed with the space and the mixed crowd. That wasn't exactly how I would have described Morgan's Pier prior to that moment, but when I actually looked around at the crowd that night, it truly was varied. And everyone seemed to be having a great time doing their own thing, whether it was dancing, drinking, eating or just hanging out.  

I've gone with large groups twice so far this year and both were mostly positive experiences. There will always be extremely drunk people in a sizable place like this, and I had a drink spilled all over me on the first night, which was obviously annoying. I do think the security staff does a pretty good job keeping an eye on people but things happen.   

We ate dinner the second time and the food was great. Props to George Sabatino for holding it down. We shared the scallop crudo, a cheeseburger and fries and the whole fish of the day. The crudo was nice, the cheeseburger and fries were both solid, and the fish was incredible. On that night it was served with a chopped tomato salsa with some avocado, and the fish was cooked with fennel and orange stuffed inside. It was excellent. We also rarely came across any bones. 

Getting a drink can be a challenge but the smaller bar to the back left seems to be less crowded. I'm looking forward to spending a bit more time at Morgan's Pier this summer!
Morgo's is a solid spot on the water!

With COVID looming on, needed to find somewhere to enjoy a nightcap. Morgo's was great choice to sip on hot drinks while enjoying the view. 

Walking in, we have to show our ID to the bouncer and once cleared, we're met with host station who checked us into our reservation and led us to our table. The space is all open. Some parts are covered, especially the large bar in the middle. The spot and makes for a great all season hang. 

We were seated closer to the water and distanced appropriately from the rest of the patrons to align with the COVID restrictions in place. Everyone working was wearing masks and practicing distancing as best as possible. We were allowed to have masks off at the table but if getting up from the table, we are to have our masks on. 

It was a chilly night so we dressed warmly. Unfortunately, given the open nature of the area, outdoor heating not an option (or so we were explained), so be sure to bundle if coming in during the colder months!

Had a good time and hoping for more here in a more pandemic free nature!
What a great concept/idea for a fresh, summertime, waterfront hangout. A great job was done on the decor and layout. Lots of buzz in every direction about this place and for good reason - I can see this becoming a regular warm weather hangout over the next few months for myself and many friends. As a seasoned patron of many of our great city's drinking and dining establishments, a rule to live by is to avoid avoid avoid anywhere until they've been open for at least a few weeks to give them time to iron out the kinks. Even the best establishments need training wheels at first, and that's OK. We expect it. 

We made the mistake of thinking it might be low-key and not-so-crowded on Memorial Day Monday after a full-on 'grand opening' weekend. I wouldn't say it was packed, but it was very crowded when we arrived. We had hoped to saddle up to the bar and enjoy a drink and maybe some food, but sadly my fiance and I were only able to find one stool and sorta share it while we had a few drinks and scoped out a table. The beer list is extensive and varied, and I love that they have a decent amount of canned (cheaper) beers. The 3-4 members of the bar staff we dealt with were slammed, yet were all pleasant, seemed experienced and were on point. No complaints there. I just wished we'd stayed at the bar. 

After a while our bellies were rumbling and we had given up on hopes of eating at the bar and pounced on a high top table near the stage/DJ (who needs a lesson on volume control/EQ'ing, but that's another story!). As mentioned, we know and expect any establishment will have hiccups on opening weekend. Table service, however, was sorely lacking. The table we grabbed hadn't been cleared and we waited for a good 15 minutes before a busboy or server even glanced in our direction (there was no hostess - the bartender directed us to sit at any table that was open). 

Eventually a busboy swooped by and grabbed the empty cans and trash left from the previous customers. Not once did anyone wipe down our table or provide clean napkins/silverware. Eventually a waitress stopped and asked if we "were OK" (as if she/someone already greeted us and taken an order). We explained we wanted to order food and drinks - my fiance and I each ordered canned beer assuming it wouldn't be a long wait. It was then we were informed half of the beers on our menus were no longer available because, in the servers words "the management did not plan this out very well". For food, I ordered the popcorn shrimp, and a burger and fries and my fiance asked for the chopped salad w/ buttermilk dressing. We were never offered water. No biggie, but the high in Philadelphia yesterday was 90 degrees. Also, table still never wiped down, no silverware/napkins.

After a healthy 20-25 minute wait, our food arrived. But not our canned beers. My burger was tiny but tasty and the fries reminded me of Mickey Dee's, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. The popcorn shrimp was also average - not bad, not great. The salad my fiance received was not only NOT chopped (ripped, maybe?) but was completely missing dressing. Also, still no silverware. Was she expected to eat this thing with her hands? At this point our server was nowhere to be found. Neither were our canned beers we had now ordered a half hour ago. Hmmmmmmm. 

Finally our flustered server resurfaced with the silverware, when we inquired about our canned beers she took on the look of a deer in headlights, and rushed away after promising that the beers were on the house. Another 10 minutes pass (you can't make this stuff up), the beers arrive with a second promise from our waitress that they are on the house. We thank her, she walks away, and... what a surprise! One of the beers is wrong! *Facepalm* 

At this point, we're simply trying to quickly finish up our food (the salad was average according to my other half) and either get out while we're still relatively calm, or settle our tab and head back to the now less crowded bar. We ask for our check, and comically, she has it to us instantly. And what happens to be on the check!?!? The beers that she promised were on the house (on multiple occasions!!!I) Ugh. I couldn't help but laugh. 

At this point it was either leave a shitty tip, make a scene with the waitress, or ask for the manager. The easiest and most gratifying thing to do was to take a deep breath, and... leave a shitty tip. So that's what we did. And, as someone who has worked in the service industry and has many friends and family who have and still do - I feel appropriately guilty about leaving such a shitty tip - but that's the trade off for such shitty, shitty, service. 

In closing, this place has TONS of potential and will probably do very well. As I've mentioned above we expected to have less than perfect service, and they'll no doubt iron out these kinks in time. We can only hope they quickly filter out the inexperienced/clueless employees & focus on a better overall customer experience.
Last night I visited here and the term fraternal twins kept popping into my head over and over.  Why you ask?  Because about a month ago I visited Cavanaugh's right next door.  If you have ever visited both you know exactly what I mean.  They may not be identical but the similarities are unmistakable.  

There are three reasons why I would NOT visit here.

1. I would NOT visit here for the location.  To me, this part of Columbus Blvd is just plain nasty.  It's a pain in the butt to get to and a pain in the butt to park. Ugggghh!

2. I would NOT visit here for the drinks.  Don't get me wrong; there are multiple full bars with plenty of craft beers and a long specialty drink list.  You can get anything you want but there is nothing special and you'll be generally be drinking out of plastic.  

3. I would NOT visit here for the food.  Let's face it folks it's bar food.  All the usual suspects are here and it's nothing special. 

But OMG the venue!  If it's nice summer night with no humidity it doesn't get much better than this.  The view is to die for. The music depending upon your tastes can be at least decent or maybe great.   If it's one of those great weather nights and you are meeting good friends, it could be an amazing evening!
Morgan's Pier is a fun spot to grab a drink at night and dance. It is the place to reserve a table and expect a high quality meal. If you made a reservation and want to make an update to that reservation, make sure you do so with at least 6 hours before your start time. They are also enforcing two hour table limits, but there's plenty of space to grab drinks at the bar once your reservation is up.

Some friends and I wanted to get together for dinner and drinks and we wanted to check out the festive fall decor, so we made a reservation for 6 PM at Morgan's Pier. Another friend decided they wanted to join us and I attempted to add them via the reservation app and it would not let me make any changes. I tried calling, many times, and got the voicemail that states they do not regularly check the voicemail, and that you should email them to get in touch. I learned you can also respond to the confirmation text you receive and they will see it, so that is what I did to update my reservation.

Our server was quick to greet us, and checked-in frequently. We ordered drinks and some food. Most of the food came out promptly, except a friend's "Fatbread". It took a significant amount of time, so we checked in to ask when it was coming. Our server then told us that the first one got burned, so they were making another. This one took equally as long, so our server comped it on the bill, which was kind. Sadly, the inside of the "Fatbread" was undercooked, it was greasy and a bit burned on the outside. I would avoid the Fatbreads all together. Our table also had the fries, cheesecurds, and a sandwich. The cheesecurds were a highlight!

Our server warned us when our table limit was coming to an end and brought us the check. We could have stayed to grab more drinks at the bar and enjoy the DJ, but opted to leave instead.

There's usually a very long line to get in on the weekends, so I'd come on the earlier side if you don't want to wait. They have security people that check purses before entry as well. The views are beautiful, so it's definitely worth a visit for a few drinks with friends, but I would not make this my food destination.
Bring cash because if their computers go down, they will just make you wait forever. Crap service. Good place to drink outdoors. Great view. Get there early before the line starts getting bad. Plenty of taxis. $5 cover. Little  food carts. Kitchen closes earlier than expected.
Last Friday night their computerized registers went down. You could not close your tab out nor did they give you any useful information. Waited an hour! And then choose to leave. Did they refund me my cover? NO. Offer an explanation or manager? NO. They did offer me a drink, but I'd rather leave with my card!!! I had to leave the place and go out of my way to pick up my credit card the next day. Absolutely outrageous, customer service does not exist here. 
Bring cash. Or expect a hassle.
We were here for a private event and it RAINED.  Even so, this was a fun venue - and nice scenery on the pier - but the food is "average" bar food.

Drinks were strong and good.
Summer is here, and it has come in the form of Morgan's Pier.  Brought to you by the folks at R5 productions, this place has taken up residence at the former location of Rock Lobster (ick) and Octo8 (double ick).  Morgan's Pier is one of the most beautiful additions to the waterfront after Race Street Pier (which is adjacent to Morgan's Pier, incidentally).  With its reclaimed wood siding and paneling, former cable spools as table tops, trees strewn with lights and an expansive outdoor dining space in clear view of the gorgeous Ben Franklin Bridge, the whole place (especially at night) is nearly magical.

This place has such promise.  Please, please stay as you are Morgan's Pier.  I want you to succeed, but I want you to stay authentic, local and not get ANYWHERE near what Cavanaugh's River Deck is.  Pretty Please?  

Right now, it's festive without being out of control, laid-back like a waterfront bar and restaurant should be, and not a scene.  People are behaving themselves, there are no crazy drunks or out of control kids trying to fight and/or suck face in public. Right now, it's perfection - and I hope, pray, and keep my fingers crossed that it will stay that way.  If it does, you know where you can find me for the rest of the summer:  parked in one of the many high bar chairs that line the back of the Pier that face the bridge with a cool brew in my hands.

There's a small restaurant menu I've yet had the pleasure to sample, but am looking forward to it, and with two bars at either end of the property, there's enough place (and great staff) to get yourself a drink (solid draft specials - local brewers especially well-presented) and belly up to the bar to get you what you need (for now).  There's room for live music (a stage has been added on the right of the front of the property when you come in) that is also occupied by DJ (management note: please get good talent - we need good tunes, this is not a club, right?)

One low note - are the bathrooms.  Simply speaking: Gross.  Layout, the stalls, the sinks - everything.  I think this place got a full makeover, save the restrooms. Fail.  If only they carried the lovely decor through to this space too - these spaces are just as important.  Trust me.

Either way, I'm cautiously optimistic, like I was about the Piazza, but that place let me down.  Morgan's Pier, please, please, please don't disappoint.  You're so purty and perfect just the way you are.
Fabulous bars. Great, comfortable seating. All the servers I have had have been quick, accurate and pleasant. I noticed others complained about how long to get a drink or that it gets really crowded. I can honestly say the over five times I've been here I've not experienced that. OK yes it gets crowded - but what waterfront venue wouldn't?  This place is no more crowded than any other waterfront establishment. My guess is they wanted to be seated directly at the dance floor and that's  crowded. But there are plenty of places to go and sit and still hear the music. And if it's that crowded, just walk to one of the bars that are further away. It's not rocket science.

I Spent great nights here this summer enjoying music and dancing and enjoying the gentle summer breezes you get from being right on the water.I found the prices to be reasonable for the city and the five dollar cover charge is nominal considering the beautiful spaces. 

Just a fabulous outdoor venue to hear a band or to bring friends for cocktails.
Finally was able to get a seat here again. I really wanted to like this place but, wow, I am still disappointed. Rude staff and a waitress that was so disinterested. Not to mention the incredibly overpriced food and drinks.  

To start, the group I was with got their drinks, however, the waitress didn't bring mine. It took her a half hour before I could get her attention to remind her about the beer, as she was just texting on the phone and/or chatting with other employees. Was not able to get up from the table either, unless I was going to the bathroom (which they made VERY clear when entering). 

The food came out scattered and was incredibly underwhelming. Skimpy portions and subpar quality. See the attached photo of the $13 chicken sandwich with the small grey-looking breast and cheap American cheese thrown on. Gross. 

Overall, the only thing good about this place is the location and the restaurant clearly takes advantage of that. Everything else is severely lacking.
Night time review.

Not surprised the only thing this place has going for it is location (and you're facing the wall of a bridge so its not even nice.)

The drinks are overpriced and watered down. Expected. Overcrowded past capacity? I can deal with that.

But when the door staff are complete and utter assholes? There is no way I or any of my friends will ever spend another dime here. I'm 24. Never had any hassle with ID at any bar or club on the East or West coast. This is the first time I've ever had an issue, and door staff were far from professional. I offered an alternative form of ID. Bouncer shoves me away and says he will call the cops for trespassing. 

When high school level drop outs are getting a high of what little power they can get at the front door, you know there's a problem with the venue. Add in $10 cover and the crappy music played on repeat all night and you have a recipe for success.
I was really excited to take my father here for Father's Day but my entire family left disappointed. Despite advertising itself as a food/brunch spot, it is more of a bar with a limited menu.  I called ahead a few days early to make a reservation, and the recording says that they do not take reservations. You can imagine how surprised we were when we arrived, and several of the best tables in the shade were unavailable as reserved. I Asked the waiter what was going on, as the recording from the restaurant clearly says that they do not take reservations, and he just said sorry. We later saw the manager chatting with some friends who were seated at one of the reserved tables in the shade (after it was vacant for more than an hour). You can imagine how that made us feel. 

My father and I both ordered the brunch salad and had to wait over an hour for our food to come out. When it did, we wanted to laugh at the freakishly small portions. The chicken salad had about 6 bites of salad for $12. When The waitress put the food in front of me, I said to her that I waited for over an hour for the world's smallest salad. She told me she was the manager and agreed that the portion was too small and the kitchen had not given us enough, and she offered to bring over an additional bowl of greens. I thought to myself, "if you are the manager, why on earth would you serve such a small salad that you knew was too small? Wouldn't you be embarrassed? Don't you care about the quality of the food that comes out of your kitchen?" Apparently The manager was more than happy to take advantage of her customers rather than to provide them with a good experience, and had I not spoken up, we would've been very hungry.

Later, as I was poking through my salad, I realized it had about two bites of chicken in it. That was it. I called over the manager, and again told her that I thought the portion was ridiculous. Although she was reluctant and unapologetic about the portion of chicken, she agreed to send over another entire salad. My dad and I shared the third salad (which was much larger than the first two) and the additional bowl of greens, and we didn't leave hungry but we also didn't feel full. 

My mother ordered a burger, and it came out quite raw. I mentioned that to the manager as well, and she just said that that's how they make them. She said my mother should've ordered it medium or well if she wanted it that way. Usually waiters ask people how they want the burger cooked, so I found this to be odd and argumentative. She made no offer to rectify the burger situation (e.g. By offering to cook it). 

We really wanted to like this unique place on the river, but we all left here very unhappy. If you go to Morgan's pier, I recommend you stick to the bar, and only get drinks. Or skip the place entirely. The staff doesn't care about the customers.
After hearing about Morgan's Pier since, basically, the day I moved to the area, I finally found the time to visit this sprawling, riverfront bar. My friend and I found an event advertising dueling pianos, and we decided it'd be a nice place to visit and grab a late lunch.

Despite being 4:30pm on a Sunday, we were carded before allowed entry. (Not that I'm complaining.) However, if you were planning on visiting with little ones, I'm not sure when they start the age restricting - or if that's just an all-the-time thing. 

After skipping breakfast, I was beyond eager to eat. I'm typically not very picky, however the menu was just your average, typical bar food - a handful of sandwiches, salads,and finger foods. There wasn't a single item on the list that really appealed to my taste buds. My friend and I decided we would eat somewhere else, but since there was the promise of live dueling pianos, we decided to stay and enjoy some music before venturing out for sustenance. However, I'm not sure what we expected, but the dueling pianos were just two guys on keyboard. And while they were easy on the eyes and ears, their music choice (which was based on audience suggestion) was a bit obscure. Neither my friend or I recognized the few songs we stayed to hear. 

Another reason we bounced early was the temperature. This place is completely exposed to the outdoors, and with the breezes blowing off the river, it was freezing. Though I was horribly unprepared for the drop in temperature that occurred this day, I'm kind of baffled that there weren't any space heaters or temporary walls to help block the chill. Especially in a city like Philly where the temperature is unpredictable. If you came here in the rain, you'd be protected. But the cold? Better bring a coat. 

All in all, my "meh" first experience at Morgan's Pier was primarily my own fault for not doing better research about the offered food options and failing to wear proper outerwear. 

I am definitely planning on coming back here for drinks on a nice sunny day. The views are some of the best in the city, and there's plenty of room to sit and/or wander about.
I went to Morgan's Pier because one of the drivers at our hotel suggested it. We went on a Thursday night. It was busy but not crowded because of rain. It was the 4th of July weekend, so we were able to see fireworks (great view). We sat in the bar area. The bartenders were attentive and down to earth. Drinks and food prices are reasonable. We didn't eat much food besides French fries. They were fried to a nice crisp. There are some unique drinks on the menu. I had a watermelon beer with fruit puree which was flavorful. Morgan's Pier plays a good mixture of music. The ambience is very lively. Customers get a nice water and bridge view from the pier. Morgan's Pier is a good choice for socializing while having drinks/food in Philly.
A group of us went to Morgan's Pier on a Friday around 8pm, and all of the "good" tables--the nice lounge-like ones along the river, the long picnic tables with umbrellas and nice views--were totally occupied. I can see how the vibe of the place would be really enjoyable on a hot night: fans blowing mist, the island feel, the central bar, the hot dog stand in the corner. This night it was cooler and overcast, so these perks didn't really hit the spot. The music is also crazy, crazy loud so you're screaming to talk to people right next to you.

Pros:
-Pretty nice beer list for what it is
-A truly well thought out space along the pier
-The relaxed outdoor atmosphere

Cons:
-They were out of the first two beers my boyfriend and I tried to order (Yards' Saison for me and Victory IPA something something for him)
-WHAT DID YOU SAY? I CAN'T HEAR YOU! 
-If you get there late (i.e. 10:30pm), expect a club-like line out the door
-No surprises here on the menu. The "snack bacon" is literally slices of bacon presented simply in a glass. I do admit that it was damn good bacon. 

Overall I could see how on a weeknight for a few beers at happy your if you get a good table by the water this could be a nice hangout. I doubt I'll return on a Friday.
Due to mixed reviews of Morgan's Pier, a friend tried to convince me we should go elsewhere last Saturday evening for booze/dancing. "What's not to like about drinking outside on a nice summer night?" I replied.

Turns out, plenty.

I'd been to Morgan's Pier before -- last summer, on a rainy night, after a show at Festival Pier -- and loved it. 

The space itself is nice: great view of the river and the bridge, little trees lit with white Christmas lights, a tent for the DJ and dance floor. The beer selection is solid, with an entire bar devoted to craft brews. And the DJs, both times I was there, played danceable remixes of pop/techno/electro-type stuff. All good.

However, with the better weather last Saturday night, the place was jammed by 9 p.m. And not with the docile hipster types I saw there last year. Big, burly dudes doused in Axe body spray crowded out us normal-sized folk lining up to buy drinks. Nearly-nude ladies -- seriously, I saw butt overhang coming out of one girl's shorts -- in stilettos tottered around the wooden decks. Not my scene, and not the scene I expected.

The worst part: The service. The place was majorly understaffed given the crowd, and the staff that was there was majorly rude.

Once I reached the bar, I waited there for 15 minutes, money out, before being acknowledged. The very tall, very burly guy bartending then glared in my direction for a nanosecond before serving the very tall, very burly guy who'd just lumbered up to the bar next to me. In response to my exasperated look, the bartender barked, "I LOOKED AT YOU AND YOU DIDN'T TELL ME WHAT YOU WANTED SO I MOVED ON."

Apparently *dirty look* is the new "what would you like to drink?" 

(Okay, I don't need someone to *ask* me what I want in a crowded bar, but I can't tell that you want me to order if your look is so brief and angry that I'm not even sure it's directed at me.)

What good is a great craft beer selection if it's served up slowly, and with scorn? Pass!
If someone told me there was a fratty, on-the-water dance club that I wasn't going to enjoy, I'd say they were lying. But, here we are....

I was here on Cinco de Mayo, visiting friends, and everything about this place was terrible. No matter where you stand... it's a walkway. People walk over you, through you, etc. No one really enforcing actual walkways between tables, though, so I stopped being irritated when I realized it's just chaos with everyone trying ot make their way through.

Music was mostly less-than-impressive remixes of mediocre Top 40. Think Kidz Bop EDM. I wish they could play something from ANY genre that was danceable!! Cha cha slide even? Something?

$5 cover, which would be super reasonable if it was it wasn't such a trainwreck inside.

Maybe try it earlier? I can see it being a pleasant place to have a drink during the day if its not too cold or human. Skip it for the night scene.
Came here late in a Friday night, the line outside seems like it's a long wait, but it moves quickly.  There is a $5 cover to get in.

Later at night this place turns of more like a lounge/bar more than restaurant.  They play loud music and around midnight they keep the lighting pretty dark, but it helps keep the nice ambiance with all the lights and view of the Ben Franklin Bridge and water.  The view one not like many in the city.  It gives you a nice feel of the character of Philly.

Didn't have to wait too long for bartenders, they were pretty friendly and drinks are pretty inexpensive for what I'd expect from a touristy spot like this.  Red Bull Vodkas around $10 and Gin & Tonic $7.

Cool spot if you've never been before to check out the view, I would bring friends visiting from out of town here to hit a staple tourist spot.
Fun drinks, decent food & overall stellar atmosphere.

Why 2 stars you ask? Well, our group was large and kept changing, and we are 100% sure we were grossly overcharged. We asked and everyone refused to do anything about it. When I say overcharged I mean to the tune of several hundred dollars. That's unacceptable, especially when you're a big group who was very interested in returning. Not to mention it was a quiet Wednesday and they were by no means overwhelmed with patrons.

Not cool at all Morgan's Pier, not cool.
AVOID!

Brought 25 people from my office to this place at 5pm on a Wednesday, after first calling and checking the website to see if two of our 20 year old employees could get in. We were assured they could. 

Instead, met by a "manager" at the door -- lol --who informed us our engineers would need to be accompanied by their parents? How were we informed differently the day before?!?

Took our thousand dollar tab to La Peg instead. Better than wasting our time and money at that crowded douche factory. We won't be back.
I have been wanting to try this place for quite some time so I was glad to get the opportunity when I visited a few weeks ago. A large group of us came here after church on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. The entire restaurant is outdoors with spectacular views of the Delaware River and bridge. Near the entrance are long wood picnic tables alongside a wood paneled wall with pretty plants hanging down. I loved the casual and relaxed atmosphere. I also thoroughly enjoyed the live music while there! 

We were allowed to sit anywhere we wanted and my group chose a spot more towards the middle at a high top table. 

I noticed that they serve Adult Milkshakes which they can make virgin, which is perfect for me because I don't drink! I had a hard time deciding which kind to order, between the Salted Caramel, Mudslide & Orange Creamsicle. I finally chose the Salted Caramel which was absolutely delectable! It came with caramel sauce, pretzel stick and whipped cream. It had a strong flavor of caramel blended with tasty vanilla and was both creamy and thick. I would definitely get another milkshake next time. 

As for the food, I decided to go for the Chicken Cheesesteak which I got with provolone cheese instead of cheese whiz. The sandwich comes with chips and they will not let you substitute fries... You have to order a side of fries which is $5. I ended up sharing fries with a friend. The sandwich came open faced, with the chicken in the middle, not quite filling up the whole sandwich. It did taste pretty good though... The chicken was well seasoned and tender, mingling well with the provolone. The fries came with a bit of a crisp, which is the way I liked it. Other orders of fries were more fluffy though. 

Later, I saw an order of the Pier Ribs (which is under Snacks, but most certainly NOT snack-size... 3 full size ribs is a really great portion). Luckily my friend let me try it and it was great. The ribs were tender and flavorful, though I would have liked more sauce.

The service was pretty good, but once the waitress left it was hard to find her and try to get her attention, so we just had to wait for her to return to our table. However, the waitress was very friendly and patient with me. 

The other staff members were great too. At one point, I had left my to go back on one of the picnic tables by the door and when I went back it wasn't there anymore. I asked the hostess what happened to it and she wasn't sure but went to inquire about it and lo & behold, she was able to find it! I thought that it had been thrown away so I am glad she was able to locate it.

I would be happy to come back, though would pick something from the Snack part of the menu and stay away from the sandwiches and burgers. And of course get another milkshake!
A great spot on a beautiful night to grab a drink outside. Excellent craft beers on tap and bottles/cans. We haven't been to crazy about the food the last two Summers so we pretty much stick to drinks. Bartenders are usually great (Yo Walt!). Parking can be a pain but what do you expect. Drop by have a drink enjoy the breeze off the river take in the brige and relax.
I don't get why this place has such a following. It has a beautiful location, true, and i've given it numerous chances but every time it's just not my scene. First of all, $24 for two long islands?! I'm a bartender so i know that long islands are a pretty pricey drink but $12 a pop with mostly sour mix added and in small cups? WHYYYY!?

The music is just not my style. A lot of weird techno, and i'm pretty open to music, but i rarely find a night there where i can really get down, and i avoid the dancefloor like the plague since it's a breeding ground for creeps. It's always the biggest weirdos that flock there. Between the lurkers with bad fashion, the over abundance of fog machines, and horrible lights i always feel like i'm having a bad trip. 

It's always packed with snotty, judgmental girls with bad haircuts and guys in crappy plaid shirts and the sex appeal of some smelly, indie band kid. 

The best part about this place the hot dog stands. Two dollars for a pretty delicious dog and an abundance of toppings.

Oh, i've also eaten here- had the melon salad which was NOT what i expected, god awful, and not worth the money i paid. My friends got a burger that looked less than mediocre, and root beer peanuts which tasted like soggy beatles rolled in dirt.
Strange as the world currently is this place has their act together. Went for lunch on a beautiful day.   12 noon reservations and they pre charge you $10 per person up front. There was a line when we arrived. Great views. Solid service. Good drinks, but there were some issues with the food. Had the monk fish nuggets. They were wonderful. Then a flat bread pizza and an eggplant sandwich. Pizza was good the eggplant was not edible. Like super chewy. The server took it off the bill. One of the best outdoor spots in the city.
I headed to Morgan's Pier after checking out Race Street Pier.  The weather was hot and I figured it would be the perfect place.  Upon entry, the place was full, so my friend and I stood by the bar and ordered two drinks.

I tried the Watermelon Wheat beer and it was delicious.  I want to go back just for that.  

We didn't try the food, and honestly, I don't think I'd ever come here to eat.  

I want to go back, just for location alone.
Ah, standing in line for over an hour to use the loo was amazing; only to have a girl next to you pee herself is such a memorable experience that I was honoured to be blessed with.

The music was dreadful, no beat whatsoever. If I wanted to hear Transformers having sex, I would simply listen to Skrillex. 

The reasoning behind why I am giving it two stars instead of one is our darling British waitress that conversed with me and we had girl talk. 

The drinks were meh, frat house worthy.
It was a hot spot! I loved the location and the view. The place was jam packed, and I stood at the bar with my friends trying to get the bartender's attention. When he finally did, he was inattentive. I understand that in addition to the lovely spring day, it was a big sport day as well, with the Kentucky derby, biggest fight and all. Thats not a valid reason for a bartender to be grumpy. Customer service, 101 of business! 

I did not eat there yet, I'm between go or no go. I think I'll go for one Sunday brunch to be fair and square.

Two Yelps.
Fun place to go out. Never had the food here at this place. Only go here for drinks, but I do see a lot of people sit and eat. Such a nice place to meet with friends on a nice day. You get the breeze from the river and you get a nice view of the bridge. You also get a nice view of where the boats dock and of Camden. Lots of places to sit, lots of plants, and there's a little deck you can go sit at if there's room. Fun day or night.
I'm pretty obsessed with Morgan's Pier. This is the perfect place to chill with your friends, grab awesome food/drinks and see a gorgeous view of the water/bridge. 

They are very strict with their policies during COVID as they should be. The bouncer tells you the list of rules before you enter and you must have a reservation. At first, we were placed at a table with a gorgeous view, but unfortunately, no umbrella. Our waitress quickly corrected this for us, which was much appreciated. 

For food, everything was EXCELLENT. The chicken wings, meatballs and calamari were all tasty. The fat breads were INSANE. As someone from NJ/NY, I was hesitant to even order but I'm so glad I did. Both the Margherita and Roast Pork fat bread knocked it out of the park. Insanely good. Our friends got the lobster rolls and said they were "ok" - nothing special but decent. The fries were very good. 

For a wonderful, relaxing and impressive view, definitely head to Morgan's Pier!
Came here with my fiancé, her cousin and her cousin's friend for the weekend we were visiting her cousin. Let me tell you, what a great view. Morgan's Pier is on a great location - right next to the water and bridge. 

Their drinks are great too! Their frozen margarita is very good and their cucumber splash. Both have great flavor. Also, their dip appetizer was delicious. Came in a small glass cup with guacamole, cheese, sour cream, beans, lettuce, and  tomato sauce . Which also served with chips. 

We were there about 2 to 3 hours just relaxing and talking. I recommend Morgan's Pier!
So the first impression of this place was the first 20 seconds with the bouncer being the rudest person I've ever met. To be as rude as he was in the span of seconds was actually mind blowing. So going in we weren't the happiest. The menu is the saddest menu I've seen in a loooong time. Sad.. just very disappointing but good scenery I guess.
Can't give it any stars. Had reservations for 15 for a graduation dinner, on Saturday june 10, we arrived 15 minutes early to find they would not honor our reservation because they were 'busy'  . We spoke with Amanda to make the reservation on monday of this week.  If she answers when you call hang up and go elswhere.
Love, love, love the space.  Especially when there's parking right out front on a Friday late afternoon.  I would have probably parked at d&b if no street parking was available.  There's plenty of different seating/tables to choose from at this place, I don't really think there's any bad seat around.  Do yourself a favor though, if your starving possibly grab something beforehand.  The menu here is slim, picnic style, and pricey.  I was expecting a bit more pizzazz from the chef since i was a fan koo zee doo.  I did have the mushroom banh mi with potato salad.  The sandwich was delicious but the potato salad was meh.  I loved the watermelon ricky (21st amendment watermelon ale with watermelon puree).
Good idea, not so great follow through. I was so excited about this place. The view is spectacular, but thats about it.
The food was mediocre at best (friends said the corn fritters were good, all orders of tacos nothing to speak of, we tried them all, pretty bland,) the beer selection is great, if you actually get what you order (we didn't, twice!) but terribly overpriced (cans of beer cost about 2 bucks more than you'd pay at other local bars) and the service was absolutely horrible. (Molly, who blamed all her shortcomings on the bar and couldn't even fake a food recommendation claiming she hadn't tried anything yet so had no idea.) I'm not picky, but I was totally unimpressed. 
The food carts are a good idea (hot dogs and ice cream) and the scenery is nice. Music was pretty good, but as far as anything else concerned as a place to get served food and drink- just awful. I guess its growing pains, but I was expecting more from the R5 group and all the hype. We also found that our cards got charged for the amount we paid, as well as 30 + bucks for at least 2 of us, and the management office never returned our calls. The charges dropped off after 7 days, but still, who needs that? It would take a lot for me to go back here.
Now that the hype has died down and there's been several chef changeovers, Morgan's Pier isn't a place I'm rushing to visit. Let's be honest, they popped up prior to prevalence of Philly's beer garden scene.

In any event, I found they were a good place to watch the Delaware River 4th of July fireworks. The bridge was a photogenic obstruction. Otherwise, you get a lovely view of an apartment building towards Philly and gorgeous Camden, NJ....

After the fireworks ended, I hightailed it out before the rush of young millennials began their cover-paying night out on the town.
This place is still pretty new, so maybe it will improve in time, but so far not impressed.  Met up with family here on a Saturday afternoon after a day of sailing out of Liberty Sailing Club, and ordered some food and drinks.  I went with the fish tacos, and they were super disappointing.  Agree with a previous review that they pretty much taste like nothing, and there's one little piece of fried fish in each taco.  Other people got the fried chicken tacos, my mom's friend's were raw inside.  The waiter we grabbed was very apologetic, and they ended up knocking a few things off our bill, so I appreciated the response, but let's try not to give people salmonella poisoning.  I did really enjoy the fried tomatoes, they were really ripe and seasoned nicely.
Went back on Sunday, pretty much out of every beer I wanted to try, including some beers they had on Saturday, so whoever is ordering the beer needs to do a better job.  If I was with a group of people who wanted to check it out, I'd go back, but it's kind of tough to get to.  I took a bus to 2nd and market, walked to race, and then down to Delaware Avenue.  It's just a lot of effort to get to a mediocre restaurant/bar.
I don't like the people. Everything is over priced. 

But goddamn is it great to be out on the deck on a sunny spring day before the crowd rushes in. 

My instinct is to say no anytime this place is suggested.
RACIST ESTABLISHMENT! I was there for my brother's birthday. We were having a great time until my brother happened to leave for a couple mins to go to the car to check on our parking and was denied entry back in because he was acting "suspiciously". When we asked what was so "suspicious", they would not give us an answer and said it was in their discretion to deny entry to individuals. This was AFTER we spent $400+ there, so they made sure they got their money before profiling us. So people of color... be careful when you go there. Clearly we're a threat just being there.
I have seen a lot of negative reviews, but I'm assuming this is a completely different place at night, than it is early in the day. I came here with a group of five adults and a two year old child around 2:00 on a Saturday. They have a multilevel deck with plenty of picnic tables and bar counters with stools. A lot of the bar counters look out towards the water. About half of the picnic tables are covered or have umbrellas over them. There were plenty of choices on where to sit. We opted for a "U" shaped picnic table. One thing that you instantly notice when you enter Morgan's Pier is that it's right on the water and the view of the Marina and especially the Ben Franklin Bridge is quite breathtaking. Aside from that, the music was good and our server had an awesome personality. She was also perfectly tentative. My only complaint is though the food is very delicious, some of the dishes are on the small side and everything, with the exception of drinks are kind of pricey. As with most places in the city, timing is everything and it did start getting really crowded as we left, but it didn't affect our service. Maybe since we were at a table? The only thing I really noticed once it got more crowded was the line for the bathroom had a little bit of a wait. So I'll end this review with I've only been to Morgan's once, but it was a great time. And with that said, Morgan's is by far one of my favorite places to visit in Philly when the weather's warm.
I had a stare-down with the bartender after he LITERALLY added 3 drops of vodka to my vodka cranberry. And then tried to charge me $7 for it. No bueno.

If you like fruit juice, overpriced picnic food and watching people eat pavement at the end of the evening, then give it a shot. At least the view of the bridge is free...
I agree with some of the other reviewers that this place is great in theory, but very poor in its execution. I went Sunday of the opening (Memorial Day) weekend around 9pm-ish. There were maybe three servers in the area I was sitting when they probably needed double that. We ended up having to flag down a server after sitting for about 20 minutes without being acknowledged. When I flagged her down, she was clearly swamped and told us to give her a minute and she'd be back. We got our food after an hour of sitting there and the server forgot our drinks, so we actually didn't get our drinks for over an hour. When we did get our food it was a vast disappointment. Granted, our food was cold when we got it. I had the portobello mushroom sandwich, which was the smallest portobello mushroom possible on a regular hamburger bun with some goat cheese. Also also, something must have been wrong with the keg from which my friend's beer came cause it seemed to have some clumpy, cloudy hop or yeast sediment settling at the bottom half of the glass.

All in all, I think this was mostly just a first weekend fluke. My best guess is the management grossly underestimated the turn out and did not properly train its staff. But, I probably wouldn't go back unless something monumental was happening there.
I will begin this review by saying the view is immaculate! It's over looking the water, by the bridge & is just beautiful to look at. 

You MUST make a reservation before coming, they have a time restriction to how long you can be on your table to give others a turn on there busy nights & if the weather isn't permitting, they do cancel reservations with a notice if they can't honor it
They have a strict COVID policy which I appreciated, the person at the door reads you their rules which is basically to have your mask on at all times when your not at your table.

They had everyone very much social distanced from each other. I went in October, the weather was surprisingly beautiful, I know they closed down for the winter though! 

They offered pumpkin carving! You just choose between a small ($5) or large ($10) pumpkin by picking it out yourself, then they bring you the tools and your on your own! It's great!


Service: 5/5 - we were very pleased with the service, our server was kind and attentive. 

Drinks: 3/5 - I ordered a Ginger Beer , their sangria & their American Mule , very quickly brought to the table and I feel like they are pre-made. Or atleast they tasted as they are but they have pretty cool options 

For Food We only tried their Crab Cake Nuggets and they were okay! (3/5)
I was excited to hear about the opening of Morgan's Pier because the area is in desparate need of more outdoor seating venues.  The location is prime for spectacular views so removing the roof makes all the sense in the world.  

Morgan's Pier owners and operators know their marketing.  Plenty of buzz was circulating about this place so I was excited to get down and try it out.   The buzz was so high, it may be hard to fill the hype.  I was suprised at the exterior facade to be honest, very no frills and understated.  While not appauling, I think they missed the mark on the intended vibe.  The use of repurposed loading pallets works well on the walls on the interior, but looks out of place when viewing from outside.  I'll forgive the looks if they deliver on taste and selection.  Once inside, things get better. 

The layout is spectactular.  It allows the interior space to wear many hats, if you will.  For example, the night I arrived, there was a dance party going on to my right while others gathered for drinks at the back to enjoy the views.  Simultaniously others enjoyed the Draft Beer house to the left while I sat and ate dinner with my girlfriend and dozens of other patrons.  At no point did I feel crowded or out of place.  Very well done, indeed.

I found no problem finding seats for 2 on opening weekend for dinner and drinks.  The menu is simple and straight forward, your standard bar foods with a nice element to set them apart.  Portions are on the smaller side, although you won't be starved.  I was pleased with the big taste of my burger, though at first I felt it was rather "backyard on the grill."  The beer menu and cocktails are the real highlight.  Standard Philly faves like PBR and Buds are $2-3 while a long list of microbrews and local ales will keep the higher-brow patrons satisfied.  

In addition to the menu, the space boasts several food cart-y types offering tacos and dogs.  I'm a soccer for street meat and found no qualms with paying $3 for a grilled dog on the way out.  It was excellent!

Like so many others have said, it's great in theory but lacks in execution entirely.  It's almost as if I like the idea of it more than I actually like it.   That said, I'm remaining optomisitc and I'll definitely go back to Morgan's.  It looks like a place that can house a number of "crowds" and satisfy everyone.  Food was good enough at the price point, beers are well priced and provide a great selection, and I love the view of the Ben Franklin plenty, so this is a sure bet. I wonder about long term viability.  I hope people can get behind it and they can maintain the buzz throughout the summer months.  I'd hate to see another abandoned restaurant along the Delaware.
Now that I've been to Morgan's Pier a bunch of times, I realized there's really not much to it. Their cocktail selection is okay and 90% of their drinks are watered down. The food is standard - Applebee's quality food AKA probably frozen, and they just heat it up. If you come here for beer only, I definitely think it's your money's worth.
The place was super packed for Friday evening. Mostly college crowd. The drinks were not very expensive. We enjoyed the view from the pier, lookjng towards the Ben Franklin bridge. The place also had some tourists as we could see many clicking pics of the bridge and the train passing by. We ordered chips n dip and wings. The wings were a bit salty for my taste. Also, ordering drink at the bar is faster than waiting for the server. The dj played music all evening and the numbers were well mixed. Nice music.
Overall, very Chillled relaxing place.
This place is huge and has an awesome view of the Ben Franklin Bridge, but that's where the magic ends for me. 

Morgan's Pier is so out of the way, so if you're driving there, good luck getting a parking spot in the area. And if you do find a spot, good luck crossing Columbus Blvd.

It's a better idea to take a cab (especially if your group is drinking - duh) but just as soon as you've paid your cabbie, you're forced to fork over at least 5 bucks for cover. All so you can have the chance to fight your way through a pack of V-necked, fist-pumping bros and overdressed girls for a watered-down and overpriced drink. 

I understand the appeal of waterside bars - great views! open air! - but the ones along Columbus Blvd. just aren't doing it for me.
Made a reservation a week in advance for a party of 5.
They sit us at a 4 top, when we ask for a chair for the fifth person,
they don't grab one of the 20 empty chairs all around us, they come back and say "Sorry we have no chairs - you are welcome to scrunch up"

2nd visit.   1st & last.
Sweet location by the bridge and directly on the water.
A perfect evening getaway for drinks & grilled fodder.

Prices were very reasonable and service was on par.
I'd come back even though from the city it's a bit far.

The fried cauliflower starter was a tasty lil treat,
and the lobster roll was small, but certainly hard to beat!

Vast outdoor seating, so maybe check the weather first-
come on down to Morgan's Pier to eat & quench your thirst.
You come here for the view and that's it. The atmosphere is great and if it's a beautiful day, this is for sure the place to be. Other than that, it's a tad underwhelming. The food is just ok. The hummus appetizer was soupy and lacked flavor. The fried chicken sandwich was over cooked and the bun was soggy. Plus they just slabbed the cheese on there and didn't take the time to melt it. The cheesesteak was the only item that we enjoyed, it was decent but I wouldn't say it was my favorite cheesesteak. Service was a little spotty too. 

Come for the view and drinks only.
Can I give this a big fat zero?? Worst. Experience. Ever. I went once on a night during the week in the fall when it wasn't crowded and that was fine. BIG mistake to go at a time when you'd actually want to be outside. 

It's everyone for themselves to get a seat. So if you're sitting, people are staring you down and stalking you. If you're waiting, you probably want to bring brass knuckles to beat away your competition. 

And for some reason they have hostesses. When I expressed frustration, one cut me off and told me they have no say - clearly I was interfering with her "job". 

The customers dictate who gets the next table - so you could be waiting for an hour and loose a table to someone who already has one but is saving another for their  friends. 

Some places care about their customers - this one cares about their bottom line.
Your experience at Morgan's Pier will vary vastly by WHEN you go to it. It is a large, popular venue and as such will tend to have a lot of people. If you go during the day and there isn't a special event, it can be fairly chill and pleasant. If you go at night, when they typically have a band/dj and a cover charge its pretty much a chaotic, crowded dance party. They also occasionally have yappy hours where you can bring your dog and those are nice. I generally enjoy it (I ran into Joel Embiid here once) as it is very large with lots of different areas to hang, I would just try to think of what you are in the mood for. A lot of value (at least $5!) to showing up before 8.
The waterfront needed a new pier bar that wasn't going to attract the leftovers of The Roxy down Delaware Ave.  I couldn't pinpoint the crowd at Morgan's Pier, because everyone was having a great time...I just don't want to end up being grinded up on and roofied like I have been at Cavenaugh's or Bamboo.  

$5 cover wasn't too shabby and the Craft Beer bar was pretty exciting for me...just that the ONE bartender that was there for at least 10 of the 15 minutes I waited (in front, at the bar!) for a beer spent a lot of time staring and playing with the POS system while this other dude who must have been a barback just continuously poured himself drinks.  I'm sure that since this was opening weekend they were under water....it was just frustrating that the same kind of situation played out each time I went back.  Other than that bar the service everywhere else was great, and the atmosphere was pretty chill.  Not ridiculously packed...I could navigate.  I didn't have to wait in a terrible line for the bathroom.

When I got there the "live" music wasn't playing, it was just a DJ...but I really liked the vibe.  No stripteases happening on stage, no random fist fights, nobody yelling on the mic to MAKE SOME NOISSSSE.  There was ample seating and although I didn't see a full menu I did get a hot dog (for $2 dolla hollaaaa) on my way out and saw there's an ice cream stand.

Next time I want to go during the day to enjoy some time under an umbrella on the water.  And I want to ride my bike since I saw they have a special bike parking section!

Tip:  Don't wear heels or wedges...I regretted trying to look cute as soon as I tripped over a deck plank.  Everyone else is wearing flats, so don't be afraid!
This place has really gone downhill under the new ownership. Still great views of the water and Ben Franklin bridge, but the music has been god-awful (Bieber, Mariah Carey, etc. - really??) and the crowd has turned much more Like what you would see at Cavanaugh's River Deck (D-bag crowd).

This place used to be awesome when R5 opened/owned it. Great bands and DJs playing actual music, and much better crowd.
Without a doubt one of the worst customer service experiences I've ever witnessed. We had a reservation for 5 guests and paid to secure our space, but it was not honored. My friend who is 25 years old and from PA's license expired at the beginning of the pandemic and they refused her Entry. The door host, who was completely incompetent refused to let her in based on something that was out of her control. Again, we're in the middle of a pandemic have some compassion for people and understand not everyone can make it to the DMV. They wouldn't even consider viewing a picture of her passport. 

Just to note, you are a restaurant in Philly not a bar or club, no ones coming for your liquor license, promise.
I've been to Morgan's Pier so many times and can't believe I never reviewed it before. Morgan's Pier is an amazing outdoor drinking spot. No matter what type of drink you like, there is something for you! I've had a variety of beers in the past, including Victory's Summer Love, and Morgan's Pier's Blueberry Lemonade. I don't think I've ever had a drink I don't like. 

I typically don't get food at Morgan's Pier, but I have had their French Fries, which are tasty and a good size for the price! I would recommend Morgan's Pier to anyone trying to enjoy nice weather in Philly. There is a fantastic view of Ben Franklin Bridge. On nicer days, the place gets pretty busy so the servers are always running around trying to take care of everyone. Regardless, they are still able to help and serve you in a timely manner. The service at Morgan's Pier is amazing!
It was a beautiful Tuesday, sun shining all bright. I said to my girlfriend, "hey, lets go to  Morgan's Pier" she's from NY so just wanted to take her some place to show off Philly. Going to Morgan's pier was a MISTAKE! First we walk in and we were not greeted. I actually had to flag down a bust boy to get a waitress. Finally she comes over barely says hi, doesn't introduce herself or anything. We mostly hear her saying "I'm sorry" three of four times out of the course of the meal. I ordered BBQ ribs which we flaming hot and she offered to change the food but there wasn't anything else on the menu i found appealing. So she watched me scrap the remaining sauce off my ribs and apologized again. As for the drinks: the Mojito's i ordered were watery and didn't give any buzz whats so ever! uh waste of time! We then went to the bathroom to wash our hands, there was the only pleasant experience, Backwards huh? On our way out, the customer service was still so weak (not paying attention to the surroundings) that we actually could have just walked out, but chose to do the right thing and went back to our table. There we waited 7 mins until Tara walked over after following us into the bathroom to ask us did we need anything else? I said the check. And you can stand right here for it. She rudely began a conversation with someone else, so i threw the check on the table and walked out. Now do u think she got a tip? all but 8 cents! and I'm normally a BIG tipper. Not that day and ill never be going there again! And if you do go and you get Tara, ask for someone else!
I am suprised this place does not have over 1k reviews on yelp yet as if you live in Philly I don't see how you can not have come here at least once.  Beautiful view of the boats and scenery however this place feels like a total money grab.

My friend and I were sitting for a minute and a waitress came by and said do you have reservations we will need this table very soon. I mean I get it but I just spent $12 for my drink and my buddy was drinking as well, what are we dirt, you're cleary going to get a nice amount of money from us if you treat us with respect.

I went to this place many times over the years but I am done with the place but definitely if you haven't checked it out before it is a location every person who lives in Philly should check out once for themselves.

As always people SYOY!!!!
Came here July 4th for lunch without a reservation. They save the tables by the water for reservations only, but we were able to get a high top by the bar that has views of the water while still in the shade. It seems like their menu changes because I saw some pictures of some items in other reviews that aren't listed on their menu anymore. Food was just OK. Their frozen lemonade was literally all ice and undrinkable. The Louisiana roll was dry. This is definitely a fun spot to go out at night or to day drink and enjoy the view.
I've been going to Morgan's Pier for years now and I've never had a bad experience until recently. I had to deal with creepy security guards who kept staring at my friends and I in a disgusting, uncomfortable way.. and one had the audacity to come up to me and said "I'm keeping my eyes on you".. I walked right away because of how uncomfortable I was and since they didn't like the rejection they escorted me right out the place. Security guards are suppose to protect and make everyone feel safe but instead I felt harassed and powerless as a woman not being able to stand up for myself because no one believed what I said especially when I tried to talk to the other security guard outside (Nick).. he thought I was just intoxicated and had no idea what I was talking about. I was aware of my surroundings in that place and knew exactly what had happened. I emailed the manager (Dana) and all she had to say was "I will talk to my securities about falsely recognizing intoxication and will make sure they verify correct intoxication"... which was not the problem. They used that excuse because they weren't going to say that they were upset I walked away from them because I felt creeped out... they knew what they were doing. They felt powerful over me and were trying to take advantage of my friends and I.
After wanting to get there for so long I finally had the chance to go to morgans pier during the day. We went the day before July 4th so it was opened early! We got a table along the water and although it was super hot out the umbrellas and fans with mist provide some shade and comfort. We were starving so started with he crab pretzel, while good it was very small. Each got about two bites. Then I got the crab cake sandwich and it was pretty good, not the best not the worst. The atmosphere is awesome during the day and a great place to hangout. Haven't experienced nightlife there but I heard it can get pretty ratchet. Will be back :)
Went here for my birthday last Sunday. It was a perfect day with great weather. I really liked the outdoor ambiance and live music. I do wish more of the outdoor tables had umbrellas and was easier to sit a group together with the weird bench seating on the side tables. Pretty crowded but not packed, which was great. 

The waitress was pretty good and kept everyone's orders pretty straight. I did find 1 drink on our bill that wasn't ours and she took it right off. The mixed drink I had, the blueberry lemonade, was ok. Could have been stronger and in a larger cup for $9. The food was bar food. Nothing special and the portions were small, especially the cheese curds. 

We may return on a good weather day (not blazing hot) just to enjoy the location and maybe some other drinks. 

No photos this time. Lol. I was trying to enjoy those who came out to celebrate my birthday
Morgan's Pier is a good hangout with a nice view. It can get super crowded and ultimately a chill spot to meet up with friends.

Not much to comment on about the food and drinks. Unimpressive. I ordered fried cheese curds which the first batch was horrible and over cooked! The seasonal bbq chicken wings was not that good. As far as the cocktail drink "orange CRUSHIN' IT"...it tasted like flavored water.

As I mentioned, hangout place you can listen to some music, grab some drinks, with a nice view.
Amazing view of the bridge and the ships coming in and out at night, but getting body checked by that 5% of the dudes who will absolutely hit on everyone, everywhere my friend and I walked? Not a big fan... And I looked like a potato that night, too. Cover fee $5, not a big deal, did not try the drinks or food; will update a review when I do next time. 4 stars for the venue location, outdoor seating and having Chef Jim Burke this year :)
More of a college scene and for the younger crowds. Takes forever to get a drink cause it gets super crowded. It is really nice though with it being on a dock. You're right under the Ben Franklin bridge and u can see the river. From what I see, it's much quieter during the day so you can grab a seat and really enjoy the view without this place turning into a mad house. Lines are normally out the door and sometimes you'll wait 20-30 minutes just to get in. There is a dance floor but it's more of a hang out and talk type of area.
Fantastic spot for a summer afternoon or evening.  Enjoy both by coming early with a group to secure a cushy booth or table along the water, then watch day transition to night and Morgan's pier transition from chill dock-lounge to dance club.  

Good weather makes for a full crowd here.  With that, very few open tables so it's essential to come early to if you desire a seat.  Plus you can evade the $10 cover which commences at 9pm. 

The dance scene is different every night.  Last night it was the hipster-favorite Making Time - whose music is more slow waves of lyric-less beat. I plan to return on a night with more pop/hip-hop to which I can actually dance, not just sway.

The crowd varies in levels of attractiveness.  Casual attire is appropriate, so keep your stilettos at home.   

My Stoli-soda cost $7 and my Bloody Mary (not-bad. tasted thickened with bbq sauce and very spicy) $8.  Definitely pregame if you are doing the dance thing.  Their happy hour is also good.

Overall a good place to take a group.  It can be overwhelming at first but after a few drinks you'll settle in just fine.
cmon now. have been here about 20 times in my life. went back for the first time this season and I was like whaaaaattttttttssss! the tunes are ALWAYS solid and I never complain about the cover or the high drink prices or the ridiculous amount of bros goving each other love.
but here it is.........new season new menu and you charged me 18 bucks for a lobster roll?!?! thing was worth like 6 bucks at most. it was on a damn hot dog bun and came with a bag of chips. a solid 50 cent bag of chips. it was pitiful at best. spare me morgan. spare me. ridiculous crap folks
Went on a Tuesday for quizzo/corn hole. Wish there was more rounds of quizzo and less corn hole.

The food runners and hostess also did not understand the menu or what was going on. I asked about quizzo and was greeted with a blank stare. We asked what sauce was with the fries and were told "fry sauce" (it was horseradish old bay mayo).

The music is WAY too loud. I've been here for other social events and it's always so loud making it hard to converse with your friends.

The appetizers leave a lot to be desired as well. Fried pickles were mediocre and chicken nuggets weirdly come with a tiny bit of sauce on the bottom of the basket rather than on the side which would make way more sense.

I except very little from this bar after 10pm because I know it's crazy crowded but during dinner hours you'd think they'd be a little more organized.

Also the waitresses are NO WHERE to be found.

Do not recommend.
I have to admit I was pleasantly surprised, of course I went on a Wednesday in the late afternoon. . . I can maybe see this place getting a little douchy on a weekend evening.  That being said it was a nice crowd while I was there. . . a few couples, a family or two, a number of post-work people.  

My gal pal and I decided to check this place out.  In the former Rock Lobster/Oco location, it is pretty much a giant riverside deck samwiched between the Ben Franklin Bridge and the monstrosity that is Dave & Busters and overlooking a marina.  It is primarily outdoors with some areas (adjacent to the bars) that are covered, but still open aired.  Think huge wooden deck with lots of patio tables and umbrellas.  My friend commented that it reminded her of bars in Norfolk, VA.  

Very nice beer list, with both locals and crafts to pick from.  Fun, summer-inspired drink menu.  To be honest I have no idea if they had a wine list.  We both had a Victory Summer Love.  We fantasized about being on one of the boats (in the aforementioned marina) while enjoying our beers.  The food menu was short and simple, but sounded good.  The menu feels inspired by the beach, think calamari, fish tacos, grilled corn and corn&crab fritters.  The latter we shared;it was good, but a bit pricey..  Drink prices were not that bad and were even better during happy hour.

Our server was sweet and in general the staff was nice.  As we were about to leave, I had maybe an inch of beer left in my cup (plastic, not glass)  A crazy gust off wind blew my beer off the table.  An employee was walking by as it happened and he picked up the cup before I could reach down and grab it.  He apologized (not that there was a need to) and a few seconds later my beer was replaced (totally unnecessary but a very nice gesture).  

I'll definitely be back since I love being on the water and don't get to the beach as often as I would like.  But I think I'll keep it to the daylight hours. . . just to keep it safe.
The place looks amazing, but the rest of the experience just isn't there yet. 

I love being right out on the water, watching people come in from boating excursions and ducks flying by, and the way the river smells. I love it especially when it's gussied up with a big wooden deck, framed by little trees. It's beautifully done. 

Sadly, like so many beach bars, Morgan's Pier seems to think it can coast by on looks alone. It probably can, to be honest. But I wish someone were doing a little more in the kitchen. 

Service when we went on a Friday (I know, I know) was harried but attentive. They were out of Bell's Two-Hearted, so I settled for a $7 Sixpoint Bengali Tiger. Usually I like that beer just fine, but there was something off about it. Maybe a bad batch, I don't know, but the bar was so busy that I sure was not going to risk sending it back. 

But the food just made me sort of sad. We were trying to have a light dinner before a movie, but I ended up pretty ravenous after the Jersey tomatoes and watermelon and feta. Maybe Yelpers have been heard, since my tomatoes came with three slices instead of two. They were vastly underseasoned. Also, they were RED TOMATOES. As a Southern lady I hoped/assumed they were green. Green is better! Firmer! Tarter!! Oh well. That's my fault for not asking.  They were crisp and hot, but needed more kick. I stole someone else's aioli which improved matters drastically. 

The watermelon and feta was literally exactly that. Watermelon, and feta. To be completely fair there was a sprinkle of black pepper too. I hoped for some herbs, some...something. Again, oh well. It's a great combination, but then why in the world am I paying these prices for this super simple item? 

Oh. Right. Waterfront. Look out at the water and feel great! Look at your plate and think, maybe next time take a picnic to Race St. Pier. On the other hand, the next time I want a good beer in the general vicinity, I will most likely be back. Let's see, maybe they can kick it up a notch!
2 stars because the waiter Robert was an absolute zombie, never once engaged in conversation or even acted friendly, very disappointed because the environment is awesome, the food was average and overpriced, 16 dollars for a imitation lobster roll on a flimsy hot dog roll... Come on guys...  The good thing was the view of the river and Ben Franklin bridge, and the drink selection.

Not only did this Robert character provide us with absolutely crappy service, and a pathetic attitude, but he also charged me twice on my card. Once for $35 (the correct amount) and again for $111 (way wrong)... People like Robert should be working in a warehouse stacking boxes, not at this restaurant. Thanks for making that day of our Philly trip wasted.
I'm not from Philly or anywhere near water so a place overlooking the water always wins me over! This was the perfect place to eat after we went on the Ben Franklin yacht in the afternoon. The seating can be tricky, but if you find just the right spot it will add to your experience!
This is my first review update and I felt compelled to do it as I think Morgan's Pier has really fallen off. 

The food has gone wayyyy down hill. Aside from the food not being as great as it has been, the service has been atrocious. It's become a scene where you seat yourself and pray one of the waitresses notices you. Clearly not enough help for the size of the dock. 

The music scene has taken a nose dive as well. They used to have a lot of great shows and djs here, but it seems like they dropped the ball this summer... 

Lastly, the douche levels are off the charts, but I guess that's to be expected with the lack of good music. 

Oh well.
My husband and I went to have a beer, nice place, had our credit card # stolen there and used by out of state folks to deliver goods to Philly addresses.  Why return ... right - nope never.

Don't trust the place - use CASH ONLY !!
I've always had a great time at Morgan's Pier! I used to come here on the weekends at night. The line would always be ridiculously long but worth it. I'm somewhat over the nightlife scene but they used to have some pretty famous DJs come in. I've noticed the past few years it's mostly local DJs. Now, my favorite time to go to MP's is mid-afternoon on the weekend. Plenty of covered seating areas for a really hot day. Usually there's a nice breeze since you're on the river.  Plenty of great drink options to keep you cool! My favorite drink being the Watermelon Ricky because it's so refreshing and has really turned into a classic summer drink for me.

Some years MP just couldn't seem to get things right with the food. Now, I think they figured it out. The menu reminds me of classic summer party food.  One of my favorite things on the menu is MP's take of Sour Cream and Onion Dip. It comes with house-made potato chips slightly cooked well-done (which is perfect IMO.)  Their tater tots are also delicious. My fiance ordered a burger. Nothing crazy, but it was just a damn good burger.

Service can be hit or miss but lately it's been great. Food is quick to come out once ordered. I give kudos to the staff here because it is such a large restaurant. Not a huge fan of the security here as they can be rude but it's expected.
Rude and Ruder is how I would describe one server and the manager of Morgan's Pier.  My husband and I hosted an afternoon party for the day after our son's wedding.  We were a party of about 70 and the party was terrific  until it was time to close the tab.  After paying a bill that was thousands of dollars, we were treated as if we were an absolute nuisance! My son, new daughter-in-law and their friends decided they wanted to stay at Morgan's for the afternoon and move into the crowded main bar area.  Many guests were scolded by a server for standing near outdoor EMPTY reserved tables.  One guest was told to f*** off by the server!! An hour later those tables were still empty.  Any good manager would have made it her business to help us find a place to stand and hang out while waiting for tables to open up.  When I spoke with the manager and server they were incredibly rude, with no interest in trying to help the situation.  Basically, they just wanted us to get out, the faster the better.  If you are the owner of this establishment, I think you might want to explain what the word hospitality means.  After I left, my guests watched as the manager and server bad mouthed me.  It was a beautiful day, but we left with blood boiling and we sadly left our son and "daughter" because I refused to spend any more money for a place that was so unwelcoming.  The customer service at Morgan's Pier really needs an overhaul.
Terrible service. The place is really nice, but service sucks. Also, I don't think you need to put horseradish sauce on everything you serve. My $10 roast beef was fair. When you are in a city known for good food please produce. I should have eaten elsewhere. 

Good for day drinking (if you can get some service)
On  weekend night this place is a meat market 10-1 Ratio and hot heads come out
You'll probably waste your night waiting in line. the beer in plastic cups and the water down drinks. The douche bags the Slutty girls it's no wonder this place is a hot spot.
Unexpectedly stumbled upon this place on a warm Saturday as I was strolling the waterfront with some friends.  We had to search a bit for a space to sit/stand, but we did find find a spot.  Large space, several bars, live music, sun and shade options, lots of fun bar eats, great views...

Not a bad way to spend an hour or two.
Stopped by Morgan's Pier on Memorial Day with my family for some food and drinks. As a long time fan of George Sabatino, I was excited to see what he had planned for Morgan's Pier, and I was not disappointed! There were 5 of us so we decided to order a bunch of plates for the table to split. Cheesy kale croquettes were ridiculously flavorful and delicious. We also got the whole roasted Branzino that was just as delicious as it looked. Added bonus: No bones! It made it a lot simpler for the table to split. Another big surprise was the shrimp cocktail. Yeah I know what you're thinking, shrimp cocktail? The shrimp was really fresh and the Miso mustard that came with it was out of this world. We also ordered the BBQ sampler:Ribs, porkbelly, rabbit rillettes, home made sausage and vegan baked beans. The sausage and baked beans definitely were the favorite among the table.We obviously ordered a lot more food but I was enjoying one too many Watermelon Ricky's and things started to get a little blurry. One thing I do remember though was that our server was awesome! I think her name was Amanda? She was super attentive with checking on our table, clearing our plates to make room for more food, and making sure none of us had a dry drink! I will absolutely be back to Morgan's Pier and can't wait to try more of the menu!
Trendy place, cool crowd.  Bar food is OK and a decent beer list.  It's outside by the water along the Ben frank bridge.  It has live music and the service was pretty good....didn't like that they had a cover charge....
Pretty nice place! The view is nice and is right near the Ben Franklin Bridge. Service is very good, but is gets super crowded, so prepare wait for seating if it's a nice sunny day. We went on a Sunday to just chill and relax.
I wish I could give this place 0 stars. Me & a group of friends came here on a Monday night. Before we even got in, the security bent my friend's (real) ID, broke it, and then told her he wasn't comfortable letting her in and to call the cops. After the cops came and told him and the "manager" that the ID was in fact real, they laughed and said sorry. Ummmmmmm what? Now my friend has to take the time to go get a new ID. I was here once before and the drinks and food were disgusting anyways, so I have no problem never coming here again.
This is a must if you are in Philadelphia.  The outdoor space and the view is everything.  My review weighs heavily on the location and atmosphere.  If I were to rate based on the food my overall rating would be 1 to 2 stars less.  And this has been consistent across each visit.

I love outdoor eating with a view and this place has that.  Before Covid it was usually difficult to get seating and approach the bar area since it is usually so packed.  Since Covid, it's still a popular spot but much more organized and tailored to the requirements of social distancing and masks.

The food is pretty basic, nothing too fancy and the drink options are average.  The waiters/waitresses usually seem overwhelmed but it's understandable based on the volume of people they are handling.  Overall I this is the place to be pre and post COVID-19.
This place has a great view of the Ben Franklin Bridge. 

However, it's loud, dark, and filled with dudes on a Friday night. When people talk, their lips might be moving, but you might not hear what they are saying. Perhaps this is deliberate, so people need to get real close to carry out some semblance of a conversation, or to more easily tune out an uninteresting conversation without giving it away. Not sure if this is my cup of tea, especially when combined with a cover and overpriced drinks. 

The kitchen closes at 10PM, but if you need to eat something to help absorb your drink after 10PM, they have a hot dog stand near the entrance. I paid $4 for my hot dog with a piece of American cheese. 

I hear this place is more pleasant earlier in the day. I will probably come back to check it out. I've been here a couple times and my nighttime experiences here have not phased me from coming back.
The wife loves the city, dancing, being by the water, and a decent drink menu.  I dislike driving into the city, finding parking, and dancing.  I think I despise all of those things equally.  I'm a fan of Morgan's pier though.  It's a nice compromise.  If she can get me to the city, we tend to come to this place.  The beer list impresses me, we never have to pay cover, she can dance a bit and I can watch some interesting sporting event on television.  I've never really had issues with the staff or finding a place to sit.  Great place that we frequent a few times a year.
The only reason I would go back is for the view of the Ben and the marina.  Besides that, the service was terrible.  Our waitress was second class at best.  The place was not crowded at all.  We were told the kitchen was "broken" and that they only had sandwiches available. Everything on the menu is either made on a grill or a deep fryer so wasn't quite sure how the entire kitchen was broken.   We put in our drink order but didn't receive anything for 15+ minutes so we left.  We told the waitress we were leaving on our way out, but her lithium binge prevented her from caring.  The menu was very limited, and not just because the kitchen was "broken" that day.

No parking
Terrible service
Limited menu
Great views
I came here as a celebration with a bunch of people from work. It was a Thursday evening in June and the weather was poyfect. 

By the time I arrived, the sun had just started to set. The crowdedness was actually perfect, there were just enough people but not too many. Instead of trying to sit down, I spent most of the time standing in the middle of shit. 

The views are GORGEOUS. During daylight as well as at night. That's probably the best thing about this place. It's very spacious and open. Many a draft circulating through. 

I can't comment on the prices of the beverages because I wasn't really paying attention (don't tell my Dad). I do know that a vodka or tequila shot (I don't remember, lol) is $7 for venmo purposes. 

The staff were a bit rude. Someone in our party got kicked out and nobody knew why. I didn't get kicked out tho or the people I was hanging out with which is the important part.

This is a pretty good place to come for dranks in the summer months.
I've been here countless times on friday/saturday nights and eh. The place gets insanely crowded, over priced drinks, and the music is horrendous. Dont get me wrong, I love house music but this is just straight up techno. I honestly think they play the same song for 4 hours. I came here for lunch last Saturday and it really is an awesome lunch spot. Best scenery in philly. The food was eh. Nothing spectacular. The service was slow and our waitress had zero social skills. The 3 starts is strictly for location. Otherwise it would be zero stars.
Came here on Tuesday and while it was less packed than usual, yet the service was STILL incredibly slow. The female bartender chose to take orders from not one, not two, but three male customers who came up to the bar after I had already arrived. I even asked her if I was standing in a restricted area and she replied, "No, hun, the service stand is on the other side of you!" 

I also ordered food and, while it came out quick, i was saddened to see that the food was merely overpriced fried food that could have came from Cavs river deck next door. 

Besides the views, I would stay away.
Trying out a spot on opening weekend usually isn't my bag, daddy, but we were planning on being not too far away that day... and we were on this quest to do Summery stuff mission... so on the docket it went and we showed up Memorial Day Sunday night. 

Half in the bag, we rolled in as the sun was going down, to $5 cover charges and Shore untz club soundtracks. The place was packed, I scanned for seats but crowded as it was, we mostly leaned on the rail and looked out at the water. 

The word "potential" comes up in many of the reviews here, right? I'll echo those sentiments too. I'm sure a night spent at Morgan's Pier has the potential to be chill Summer-night fun with water views and and drinks and an interesting-looking menu (that I haven't sampled yet... What is this "snack bacon," you speak of? It's called snack bacon.)... or it could be a complete boardwalk bar-scene nightmare, depending...  

This night we met up with lots of friendly faces, bonded with one of the hilarious security guys, drank beers under the lights of the Ben Franklin, and spied on a yacht party that was happening in the marina. It was good fun.

Yes, I think that there's definitely fun to be had here. I'm willing to test this hypothesis again, as a scientist. Also, I wanna know more about these Monday Jamaican Soul nights. We'll meet again, Morgan's Pier.
Last time I went out on Delaware Ave it was to Egypt...or maybe Baja, I can't remember.

Morgan's Pier is brand new, and bears no resemblance to Octo or Rock Lobster. It's a gorgeous spread, overlooking the Delaware and the Bridge. (Much nicer than the view from Sugarhouse.) There's picnic tables with umbrellas, wooden booths and bench seating with big pillows.
Both times I was there, I went for lunch and drinks. I'm kicking myself for not ordering the fish tacos, but the crab fritters were okay, just a little too breading. The watermelon rickey is worth the trip.

This place is perfect during the day as it's less crowded, and you can enjoy the view. They have fans and misters so you can also go when it's very hot outside.
I hope this brings some more cool spots to Delaware Ave.
Went here to celebrate my friends birthday. "Security " person followed her to the bathroom and told her she needed to find some friends and she needed to leave...she didn't throw up or anything. Proceeded to say we needed to leave because she was too drunk, complete bullshit, won't return here anytime soon. Why don't you spend your time doing more productive things. Then when we asked to talk to management we were directed to the guy name Nick who seems more like a bouncer then anything on a power trip, weren't able to talk to anyone who actually had authority disappointing after spending a significant amount of money.
So, it's early on a Friday afternoon.  It's about 1:30 and we're here for lunch, just 4 of us.  About 15 minutes after we finish our sandwich, at about 2:00 PM we're asked to leave our table -- a table we had reserved with a credit card.  The place is empty and we were just going to finish our beers and leave.  We'd only been there about 1.5 hours and the tables all around us are empty, and there is NO BODY in line waiting for table.  Not one person.  Yet, a $120 lunch and an 1.5 hours in we are asked to move.  Four sixty year olds out for lunch.  What a joke.

One star is for being near the river on a nice day, otherwise it might have been zero stars. 
Oh, and ordered mayo on the side and it was on the sandwich.
The service was great and my waitress was so nice. I have to say she brought this review to 3 stars. The view was also a plus on a nice night out. It's a great place to go on a date night or just to hang hang out and watch the water or the city lights of Camden under the ben Franklin bridge. 

Now for the food, it sucks that the price is what it is for small portions and obviously thrown together packaged meals. Chicken nuggets were pieces of oddly sliced chicken breast laid in top of a mustard and honey mix, not really a mix but just mustard with a squirt of honey. Nuggets were a but tough and fried too long but hey. Whatever. I guess people like it chewy. The crab dip...don't waste your time...overly salted canned crab soupiness and ritz crackers. Ritz frackers tho. Sheesh. The chicken cheesesteak...well I guess it's not terrible but the bread was a so toasted you could flake and peel it off in layers. The top was crystallized with whatever they glazed it with. Just made it tough to get through. 

All in all, ambiance. Def not food. Maybe drinks...they weren't too strong or too weak but catch happy hour n it could be worth it.
Absolutely horrible service.  The waitress knocked over a full soda on my sisters lap and walked away quickly.  We thought she was walking away to get napkins to clean up, but never returned.  Then we requested the manager, who offered no solution.  The burgers were wrong, and covered in onions.  Terrible service, stay away!!!
Wow- pretty packed for a Thursday night.  My friend and I scored a water front stool/high top and enjoyed a $12 growler (HH special!) and sandwiches. Mind you, you are not coming for the food but the views and outdoors. Overall great experience but for the parking ticket I noticed at the primo parking spot with the busted meter I had to hunt down for  15 mins. Needs more parking as it's hard to hoof it there.  I'll be back!
If you're looking to celebrate or just have a good time with people who don't see color or aren't homophobic this is not the place to do it. 

My partner and I came here with friends to celebrate my 28th Birthday and I must say I was disgusted. My girlfriend & I went to the bar to order and tried to get one of the female bartenders attention. The bartender proceeded to serve everybody else except us. After serving people on our right & left she finally acknowledge us but then continues to take other folks orders. So I finally say screw this and walked over to another bartender. The gentleman takes our order no problem. 

We received our food & drinks and as I'm sitting there I feel a body rubbing & bumping up against me. I tried to leave it alone thinking "well maybe he doesn't realize he's doing it." But then the pushing & bumping starts to become almost a little more intentional. At this point he's in my lap. No I'm serious some stranger's buttock on my thigh. He was completely invading my personal space. I kept saying excuse me and he didn't move. Now my girlfriend is upset, she taps the guy and yells "you're pushing on her" he pretends not to hear her so she yells it out again. He says "Okay" in a very nasty 'f**k off' way. 

We move to a small table and my girlfriend is sitting behind me in her stool. She's holding me and being affectionate. Something that  heterosexual couples were doing as well. She for a second lays her head on my back to hold me tighter. One of the security staff walks up to my girlfriend and says she can't sleep here there's no sleeping at the bar. My girlfriend looked confused and asked him to repeat himself. He does and then tells her she has to leave. I asked him why and he kept saying we can't fall asleep here and telling me how she had her head down and eyes closed. I kindly cursed him out and told him we have been disrespected the whole entire time there. He continues on and so did I. 

I will never step foot into that place again. That is a predominantly Caucasian bar with a sprinkle not drizzle of African Americans. I personally think being lesbians was the icing on the cake. It's one thing to be discriminated against because of the color of our skin. It's even more upsetting when we have to deal with discrimination during Pride Month. And then to ruin someone's birthday. I'm truly disgusted.
So I feel like I'm in a rich persons backyard every time I'm here. The environment is still great. However I learned some interesting things here tonight. 
The waitresses had a GREAT RECOVERY tonight. The wings I used to get here were awesome. These wings, not so much. The waitress/asst manager informed us that the chef changes every year. The only reason I will come back is because the waitress completely understood where I was coming from and took them off the bill without us asking (yay for great service!). These wings were super, super spicy orange hot unlike last year's terriyaki-ish brown mild. And for $10.99 for 8 wing pieces, they should be great. 

My problem is: if the menu items change, it needs to say so. because they only have one flavor of wings, I assumed it was the same as last year. 

Next time, I just won't eat here. It's really sad that such a great place doesn't have great food.
