First, the wings. Oooohhhh the wings. 

Second, the bar itself. So kitschy, so beer-y. So good.

Third, I attended an event on the 3rd floor here last week. The event was cash bar and buffet-style food, and the bar was tended to by the lovely and talented Josephine. Not gonna lie, I was unsure what to expect from a catered event here, but I was pleasantly surprised! Food options included antipasti, salad, penne vodka, tortellini, meatballs, and sausage. Everything was delish and hot, and the service was fantastic. Way to up the ante, Moriarty's.
I've passed by Moriarty's several times, but for some reason, I was never interested in stopping in until just recently. I was craving some wings and remembered when my friend had told me they were some of the best she's ever had... and WOW was she on point or what. 

These wings were, hands down, the best I've ever had in Philly! I'm not a huge fan of bone-in meat, so I ordered the boneless wings (they just recently started offering boneless! Yay!). They don't have any options for seasonings/sauces, which I was kind of disappointed about at first, but later realized it was not a problem at all. Their wings are so delicious and flavorful, I was fine not selecting my own sauce!

I also want to note that my boyfriend got the bone-in wings and said they were fantastic and some of the best he's ever had (which says a lot coming from him - this man loves his wings!). 

Staff is wonderful, prices are great (just $10 for boneless wings, $13 for bone-in), and the atmosphere is exactly what you would expect from an Irish pub. I wasn't feeling a drink, so I can't comment on that, although they have a full bar and a huge amount of beers on tap so I'm sure there's nothing to complain about on that end. 

After just one visit, I know where I'll be going when craving wings!
After dinner, we went out looking for a nice bar. After checking out other establishments, we decided to hang out here. 
We sat at a round table near the front entrance, and ordered our drinks. I ordered another coffee/booze drink, but they didn't do a good job of making it. For starters, the drink should be over ice, not hot. I ordered a cup of ice from the waitress, and that was that.
The drink was so-so. But since this was a custom drink, I gave them a pass. Some of my friends got their orders mixed up, but the waitress was friendly about it and fixed the situation.
We mingled here for a few hours before we called it a night. It was great catching up with old friends over drinks. This place was an alright place to finish the night. It was cozy and lively. They actually had a live band playing upstairs, but we didn't take the time to check it out. Maybe the next time I find myself in Philly, I'll check out their live music.
Where do I begin?? I'd like to first apologize to Daniel, Frank, Stephanie, Marie, David, Neha, Natalie and Maggie who all had similar experiences with the HORRIBLE Moriarty's manager. I'm sorry that you wasted one night of your life how I did, at the dump that is Moriarty's Irish Pub.

Upon entering Moriarty's last night, it seemed like a very normal night there, I parted through the sea of stumbling 18 year olds that Moriarty's uses as their second floor decor and went to the bar with a group of 12-15 friends.We asked what their specials were to find out that Rob, the rudest bartender had a secret special for Saturday night......EXPIRED Bud Lights!!! Seeing as how last night was April 20th and the beer literally had an expiration date in February we found this concerning.

When my friend went to the bar to let him know that he was serving the entire room of mostly underage drinkers beer that has been expired for 2 months, he told her to get the f*** over herself and that it was just a bud light. 

My group of friends thought his behavior was appalling and decided not to tip him for the way that he talked to her. I went up to the bar and got a blue moon and asked to close my tab for the night. After I paid for the blue moon I wrote a 0 in for tip and signed the receipt. When he saw this he grabbed my beer and dumped it down the drain and kicked me out! 

This was the most ridiculous service ever especially coming from someone who insulted my friend for drinking $3.50 beer but couldn't live without my $3.50 tip. The manager, Tom, defended him in both scenarios as this must be his star employee. He wouldn't even refund me for the beer that I had just paid for that was dumped down the drain.

I will NEVER go back.
Philadelphians, Yelpers, and my friends don't talk about Moriarty's without mentioning their wings. The diners say those wings are the greatest gift Moriarty's have given them. However, I beg to differ, I wasn't a fan of them.  

But, in nutshell:
 - Head to Moriarty's for Mushroom Burger, Chipotle Chicken sandwich or Chicken Caesar Wrap- you won't leave on an empty stomach.
- Hit up their daily happy hour. ( 5-7pm) All drafts $3 & $5.
- Enjoy the old-fashioned Irish bar, with its welcoming atmosphere and adorable decor. 

Three and Three Quarters Yelps.
Wow, I'm in shock. I am an events planner (I plan over 150 events a year), and I wanted to book an event at Moriatry's for 100 people in their upstairs space. I called and was transferred to Richard Konstantine. He was very brisk and unaccommodating throughout the phone call, and when I finished telling him the details of the event he said "no, we'll pass" and hung up on me. 

I've talked to dozens of bar managers in the city and this is the only time that has ever happened to me. I never liked the place, but now I will never go back. If you're planning a party, I would not recommend trying to plan it here!
First impressions hopefully are lasting...
I've only been here once, and it was for lunch. 
Great old bar... The bartender was pretty attentive to everyone that was there, and it only took me a few tastings to decide which craft beer I was going to have... 
The wings with the house sauce were pretty much spot on with what people have claimed this bar is famous for... Bring an appetite, because these wings are large. 
Once my parking tickets are paid off and the fear of my car not being where I parked it, I'll definitely be back...
All I wanted was 7 margaritas last night, but after a number of "closed" signs reared their ugly heads, my friends and I settled on Moriarty's. We all walked in grumbling a little under our breath (this isn't even CLOSE to being Mexican!) but my former roommate/friend (who's ever so hard to please) got excited about being able to watch the Phillies. So we stayed.

Lindsay (friend) waited and waited for the bartender to change channels so she could enjoy the game...but it wasn't until the 3rd inning that she switched it on. Lindsay got dangerously close to smashing pints, Mutton Chop ordered far too many genetically enhanced chicken wings, and I didn't really enjoy the cheese fries.  

As far as Irish bars are concerned, Moriarty's gets 2nd place in Center City (McGillin's gets 1st). But then again, I typically avoid places like this. And no, not the best wings. Hooters still takes the cake in that department :)
What drew me to Moriarty's was how much of a quintessential pub it was. I felt like I was in the cast of a sitcom show.. meeting my friends to talk about the day's events. 

Atmosphere: Cozy, wooden, intimate. A bar is located on both the first and second floor. There are odds and ends on shelves, hanging from the walls and ceiling, and tucked into corners. Newspaper clippings, playbills, photos, empty bottles, beer growlers, and lights. The ceiling is a vintage looking metal design. There are stools and table tops for seating.  There are several flat screens throughout showing sports, news, etc. 

Food: Really good! I thoroughly enjoyed my french onion soup and caesar salad. The french onion soup had globs of fresh, soft, chewy mozzarella and a hunk of bread inside the soup along with tender onions. It was well seasoned. My eating companion ordered wings and they were HUGE wings! Like, teradactyl wings lol. They were delicious and meaty and there were plenty to share. There was an awesome beer selection. See list here. http://www.moriartyspub.com/on-tap/ I ordered a Founder's IPA and it was perfect and hoppy. Our server made several drink recommendations and all 4 of us ordered what he suggested and were really happy.

Service: The server was super nice, attentive but not overly so, and really knowledgable about the drinks etc. We were from out of town on business so we needed to pay with several cards and he was so cool about it and handled it like a pro.

I am on the hunt for a homey pub like this in my own city because it's the perfect place to go when you feel like just casually kicking back and relaxing with a good beer and chatting with people who know your name. I highly recommend.

Listen to: "Where Everybody Knows Your Name" by Gary Portnoy.
Wear: A green cowl neck sweater and a claddagh ring.
First. Let me say that I love Moriarty's; and I refer a lot of hotel guests there. My husband and I especially like to sit at the bar and have lunch. We have always had very exceptional service by Rachel.

This review is not about Moriarty's but about the extremely rude bartender today named Jennifer. I have never been spoken to in such a rude manner. I sat for lunch and ordered an iced tea (that alone is probably what gave her the attitude). When I politely asked about one of the posted specials, she barked at me that I would have to wait until she could go over all the specials with me. Then muttered under her breath "like I know them off the top of my head". Well Jennifer, if you were any kind of a service professional, you would know the two specials off the top of your head. I paid for the iced tea, didn't touch it, and went across the street for lunch.
I'll definitely go back, just not when this woman is working.
ROB IS THE WORST BARTENDER EVER!! i have never been so disrespected at a bar i love.  josephine and Jenn are amazing bartenders who will give u a great experience at a usually nice bar.  this douche however will ruin your night. hassled me over having to feed a meter even though i left my ID and credit card.  told him i wouldnt screw him over when i was back and that my wife worked there FOR FOUR YEARS and was told "i dont give a f*ck who u r."  thanks i know ur daddy is the owner so u think you're invincible but other strangers may not ever come back! dont ruin your coworkers bank accounts or the nights of other people who could easily go across the st to another irish bar called IRISH PUB.  IDIOT!!  YOUR DADDY NEEDS OUR MONEY TO FEED YOUR WALLET. treat us w/respect.  manager was a gentleman who offered me gift card bc this guy is such a tool but i refused; i'll be back BUT NOT WHEN ROB IS WORKING.  be warned, u can get a drink from many smiling faces why pay for this prick to serve you a drink and a horrible experience
I used to come here way back in the day...a lot.

Yeah, they might have changed the paint on the exterior...but they def didn't fuck with the buffalo wings...holy hot.

My ass was on fire the next day....like the whole day.

Love this spot.
I've been to Morarty's quite a few times. Normally, it's a great place to grab a $3 Golden Monkey during their happy hour. I enjoy sitting outside on a nice day with some friends and drinking good beer for a great price. However, our experience last week was pretty shitty.

My wife and I were seated outside. We were waiting for some friends to meet us. They showed up about 15 minutes later, during that time no one came by to see if we wanted a drink or something to eat. After sitting there with our entire party present for nearly 10 more minutes we flagged down a waitress from another table and asked her if she was working our table. She was not, but she said she would grab our waitress for us. About 10 more minutes go by and STILL no one has come by to take our orders. It was pretty warm out, a glass of water would have been nice. The other waitress who was working the table behind us never returned either. We we pretty fed up by this point and decided to go across the street to the Irish Pub. Within seconds of being seated our waitress took our orders.

I don't know what the deal was with the service that day, but it's a real shame. I'll sit at the bar for happy hour from now on.
Billy is one of the best busboys at moriartys.  Always took time out time to treat customers like gold.   Billy has been with the bar for years.  

With all this said.  I came in tonight and a Asian manager fired him.

Moriartys is not the same without billy
Moriarty's is your typical Irish sports bar, with lots of wooden benches/booths, and TVs in every corner. In particular, the nachos and fries are quite good, but wings are also a really popular option (everyone else I am with orders wings and then proceeds to exclaim how great they are). There is an extensive beer list, both on tap and in bottles/cans, so even a picky beer drinker can be pleased. The bar draws a large happy hour and weekend evening crowd, and it is well-placed as a jumping-off point for a night in the Gayborhood or for a show at the Walnut Street Theater.

NB: around the holidays, Moriarty's is completely decked out in Christmas lights, which makes for a very festive atmosphere.
Hm, so I've been here before and really enjoyed it. Especially the wings. Today, on the other hand was one of the worst dining out experiences I've ever had. 

My girlfriend and I got a table outside and so we sat and waited for a server. And we waited, and we waited. About 10 minutes later a server comes out and talks to the table adjacent to us. She then goes back inside, and then we wait some more. About 5-10 minutes later the same server comes out and greets us. 
She proclaims, "Sorry about the wait, I was having beer problems." Uh, so you neglect your patrons? All you had to do was stop by and say you'll be right with us, but nope. We literally sat for 20 minutes without someone to greet us. Even after we told the hostess, who was not helpful AT ALL, we waited. 

Okay, so by this time we had decided on drinks and an appetizer so we place the order. Back to the waiting game. Waiting for drinks this time. About 12 minutes later our appetizer comes out. Yes BEFORE we get our drinks. We ask that server who brought out the food for some napkins and plates. She says nothing and goes inside, and we never see her again.  So there we sat without any drinks and with our appetizer getting cold. About 7 minutes later our drinks arrive and the server gets us some plates and what not. 

We finished the food, and drinks, and yup.. waited some more. We had intended to get meals and more drinks but we didn't want to wait all day so we decided to just pay and leave. However, we couldn't do that because the server was no where to be seen. So we sat for a while, and once again went to tell the host that we wanted our check. About 5 minutes after that the server came and cleared our stuff then brought our check. 

Over all it was a terrible experience. The staff don't seem to care about the patrons, and couldn't bother to lift a finger for any assistance. Might return here some-day if only for the wings, which are great.
Giving it one star because we were forced to give a second tip to our waitress by another server!!!!! It was 3 of us one night and we had all enjoyed our own separate meals and drinks. Everything was okay, food was always fair but it's always so damn dark in there so it's hard to really see how your plate was presented. Anyways, we obviously all paid separately and tipped her separately. Our total came to about 40$ and I tipped 5$, as did my other two friends. After charging out cards, she came back confused and literally asked us if we had put the tip in the cards. WHO THE HECK DOES THAT?! Obviously we said yes because we wrote in on our slips. She starts tearing up and walks away suddenly. Confused, we all prepared to get up and leave because it was late and we wanted to get home, we exit and the barista (which is a nice term for what he actually looked like) chased us down telling us that she worked hard for her tip and we had no right stiffing her. We were shocked because on a 40$ check we graciously tipped her 15$ AND THAT WAS WAAAAAY MORE THEN SHE DESERVED. So we apologized and feeling both confused and frightened we all pitched in another 5$ each in cash and without thanking us, ran back in. I WAS MORTIFIED! That mediocre waitress made a 30$ tip for serving easy food and flirting with men at the bar, nice! 

I also found out weeks later that the disgusting human being who manned the bar was the Owner's son. Talk about a self entitled idiot who can only get a career working under his father. 

Needless to say, I'll never be going back here and this place deserves a negative 25 NOT a 1 star.
This place used to be our go to spot after a long day of classes because their food is decent and they have cheap drinks: no more. 

The quality of service I get from this place has been increasingly disappointing over the last few months.It took them more than 20 minutes to get us a couple drinks while we waited for our food. The place wasn't horribly busy at the time and there were only two of us. It's been happening more in the last 6 months. 

On one occasion a group of us came here for dinner and our waiter refused to separate our checks, and was very passive aggressive about it. Weeks later we come back for a friend's birthday and we still got the same treatment, from the same waiter. We wanted to split the check in two but she refused to do it on her boss's orders. 

I'm not sure why it's always the case with this specific waiter because no other waiter has ever had problems splitting checks with us.  

At the end of our meal she was able to split our checks which we were grateful for. This was completely turned around moments after we left. We barely got to the sidewalk and she followed us out, condescendingly asking us about the low tip she was given. Because I didn't want more problems I hesitantly gave her the rest of the tip, totaling 15%, and we left while she stared at us. Maybe if we didn't constantly get bad service from this waiter she would get better tips. 

Later, I found out this waiter told the rest of our party (that had not left yet) that we did not tip her at all. My friends for some reason believed her and gave her a much larger tip than necessary. 

Rather than go back and complain, I thought it best not to return at all. While I hope you have a good experience if you visit, I for one do not think their constant poor service is worth my patronage any longer.
I love coming to this place, staff is friendly, they also have outdoor seating. 

You have to try their wings. They have the best wings in Philadelphia. I really can't find anything like it. My friends and I come here weekly for food. My go to is the buffalo boneless wings. I do enjoy their bone-in wings but the boneless happen to be easier to eat for me. 

I did have one issue, I found hair in my boneless wings. They apologized, remade the wings... but by the time they came out.. I was already full from eating mozzarella sticks. They don't really warm up too well, so it was a waste. 

Which leads me to my next favorite item, the mozz sticks. They're so good.
There are certain things that I find interesting in certain places, driving me to those locations depending on what interests I might have at that time.  I'm willing to overlook all other aspects as long as things never change.  Take Moriarty's for instance.  What propels me to visit, quite often during sports games, are the wings and drink specials that seem to run all night.  Decor?  Never noticed.  Wait-staff surly or nice?  Didn't care.  Other items on the menu?  Never bought them.

You see, the wings here are unlike any other in the city (that I've seen).  Condor arms they are.  Whole and intact.  We all know meats taste better the longer they are held together by its own muscle, tendon, and bone.  There it is in its most forthright appearance.  Grossed out?  Don't eat meat.  What makes whole wings downright tasty is the inclusion of the oft disparaged wingtip.  When fried, this piece of the wing becomes an austere delicacy.  The interplay of crispy fried skin, melted collagen, and fats creates a small morsel to be enjoyed.  It's thinly coated in buffalo sauce that's neither too buttery, acidic, or spicy.  For a wingtip is not something to eat fast, nor to be filling, but to slow down your meal as you wash down beverages throughout the duration of a sporting event, or a chat with your friends.

The idea is to not be annoyed by trivial matters, such as ill service or other foods, anything to distract me from the reason why I walk through the doors.  I'll discount everything else so as long as what I want is always served as is.
It is time to get serious.  

Moriarty's has the best hot wings in Philadelphia.  This isn't my opinion.  This is an irrefutable fact.  The same way that you rely on the sun rising in the east, you can also rely on Moriarty's to serve the best hot wings in Philly.  Don't even look at the menu.  Just order the hot wings.  If you don't like hot wings, reevaluate where your life took a wrong turn and order them so that you can take the first step towards positive change.

The flats and drumsticks are still connected and they are huge.  One order is enough to satisfy two adults.  The hot sauce has the perfect amount of heat and tang.  The wings come with celery and carrots so that you can diversify your major food group intake.  3 out of 4 of the major food groups are represented in one order of Moriarty's hot wings(these groups being meat, plant, and dressing).  The only food group that the order lacks is beer, which you can easily purchase to help wash down the wings.

I've systematically tried most other places in Philadelphia that have great hot wing reviews and I am reliably saddened each time.  These other places that may have a more creative variety of wings(honey caribbean, teriyaki, etc.) but absolutely none of them have hot wings that stack up to those that you can consume at Moriarty's.
You ABSOLUTELY CAN NOT leave this place without getting an order of their BUFFALO WINGS! By far some of the best sauce I've ever had, perfect crunch, no batter, and GIANT wings! Bring a friend to share some with. While you are at it, just give yourself a full whole in your stomach and get some Spanish fries, they are seasoned curly fries that come with a hot pepper. Your intestines will thank me later.

Mostly if we are not here for wings, we are here for drinks. The place really transports you to become a beer drinker and for us Northerners, I appreciate the NYC paraphernalia sprinkled on the walls here and there.  The servers are really nice and always helpful in making a decision off of their massive beer list.

This is a great place to catch up with a group of friends, happy hour or grab drinks in the midst of a serious bachelorette party bar crawl. #justsaying There's also decent street parking in the area.
So we decided to go here before a show at the Forrest.  We were really early (pre pre theater) so we didn't have a reservation. Well, you would have thought I threw up in the welcome area.  The man looked at me with utter disgust.  It was almost funny.  Then shoved us up to the third floor as if it were a punishment.  um, it's not  it actually is better up there.  

Our server was pleasant and the food - steak for him, quite good and scallops for me superb- well, I liked the food a lot.  So one star lost for the host and manager (who also gave us a horrified look and told the host to put us on three) and four stars for the food we got and our server.  Not a place I'd go again. I don't like being treated like a jerk.
So I'm not typically a fan of karaoke. Too many American Idol want to be people trying their best to remind me how little musical talent I have while I try to enjoy a drink.  When I visited the 2nd Floor of Moriarty's on a Saturday, I found the karaoke nothing like the kind I dread.  Don't get me wrong, I wasn't all about singing, but I was able to enjoy things for what they were, an amateur hour of people having fun!

Alright, besides karaoke on a Saturday night, Moriarty's clearly has the best wings in Philly.  The rest of their food is decent as well, but I mean just trust me and order the wings.  Prices are crazy and the service keeps up with the madness.  Come for dinner then head up stairs and grab a drink (or two)!
Nope. So sad. We stopped in for HH last week and it couldn't have been worse.

1. I went for a classic Guinness and it tasted horrible. It tasted like the keg had gone bad and the tap lines weren't calibrated correctly. Such a waste.

2. Chicken tenders were atrocious. Obviously frozen and the 'honey mustard' was basically yellow-tinhed mayo.

3. Service was terrible.  If you're a regular, they loved you. But our waitress spilled our beers all over the table and was incredibly standoffish.  Also, they have a sign on the table that says if the waitress doesn't tell you the specials then your meal is free...we weren't sure if this was a joke or not but then we heard her pleasantly tell the specials to the couple behind us! We almost brought it up because we definitely would've ordered the special had we heard it. But knowing how little servers make, decided against it.

We won't be back.
Went in tonight and had one of the most unpleasant experiences with the hostess. She was very rude, snippy and unwelcoming with a horrible attitude toward our party of two which made us turn around and leave. Not a great look when you're in the service industry
This place is hit or miss for me, mainly because of the service. Sometimes I have a waiter or waitress that knows how to smile and...y'know, count, but it's safe to say that 50% of the time I don't (fyi - they seem to assign these dapper ree-rees to the tables upstairs, so don't get seated there!). This makes for a very frustrating casual dining experience. But on those occasions that I do have a waiter with a pleasant disposition and opposable thumbs, good times. Bar seating is always a sure thing. Lager, ginormous wings, cheese fries wit whiz, Phillies on the tube. Hot damn.
After months and months of hearing people rave about the wings here, I just had to try them out for myself. So on a Friday evening, my friends and I decided to give it a whirl. I was assured I wouldn't be let down so needless to say, I was excited to stop by. 

We were told there was a wait for an indoor table so we chose to be seated outside. The hostess lead us around the corner to a table halfway down the street. Whew! I'll admit, we were tucked away all the way in the back and it wasn't the most glamorous view.... but that was the sacrifice I was willing to make for these wings. 

My friend and I ordered the boneless wings and spinach artichoke dip. The wings totally lived up to the hype -- they were incredible! The chicken tasted fresh and the sauce was super flavorful (with just the right amount of spice to it)! The dip was also good but definitely overshadowed by the amazing wings. Portion size was fairly large and ended up being the perfect quantity of food. The only thing I wished for is that the wings came with wet wipes. Things definitely seemed to get messy!

The reason why I knocked off a star is because service was seriously lacking. Our server failed to check up on us after bringing out our food. I wanted a side of ranch (the wings come with bleu cheese) but of course the waitress was no where to be found. It finally got to the point where my friend walked inside to flag down a server. You must be thinking... what the heck happened to your actual waitress? Well, she did resurface towards the end of the meal. And this story does have a happy ending -- I got my side of ranch and all was good. But it definitely was a long process. 

Would I come back? Abso-freaking-lutely. But next time perhaps I'd wait for an indoor table where I won't be forgotten about.
I've been hearing about this place for years and finally stopped in one Saturday morning around 11am with my husband to try their wings. Usually that's all people talk about when it comes to Moriarty's!Get the wings! Okay great.j..

This bar is EXTREMELY DARK. Most bars are dark but Moriarty's is darker than most. Long bar with stools, lots of booths and tables as well.. We arrived around 11am and by 1130 the place was packed with midday drinks and families sitting down to lunch. We had 2 draft beers and 2 orders of wings which I found to be a little pricey..even for Center City at $13 for 8 wings. We also shared an order of loaded nachos which were amazing.  

Let's get into the wings! Now I wish the bartender had mentioned that the wings were indeed WHOLE wings, not wingettes because we would have ordered 1 order instead of 2. Now I know why they were $13. You get a huge portion of whole wings. At least 8 or 9 wings. The taste was spot on for buffalo wings but they weren't cooked long enough for me. The wings weren't raw or anything, just not crispy at all...almost slimy..blehhh. I mean next time I could just ask for them to be well done or cooked longer but not sure the wings were great enough for me to want them again....and I don't really enjoy whole buffalo wings. I would rather have buffalo wingettes but hey that's just my personal choice. 

Would I come back? Probably,if I'm in the area but it's not a bar I would purposely seek out.
There are a lot of great things about this place that you might take for granted compared to regular bars. It's very clean, impressively clean. The music is the perfect volume, not too loud, but loud enough to enjoy.

The wings. The wings. The wings. The sauce is just right, not too hot, but enough of a kick. They're big guys too. The full arm type wings, but they're easier to eat than most that come that way. I had a wonderful experience here. And I'd recommend to anyone looking for good, scratch that, great wings in the city.
Moriarty's has the best wings in the city.  It has been my go to place for the past 5 years.  I encourage you to get their wings since after all, they are delicious.  Unfortunately I had to deal with their management which ruined this place for me. 

I ordered wings and got home to find there was no buffalo sauce on the wings.  I rode back to Moriarty's and was given the correct order.  I figured I would see if Moriarty's management would comp the charge for their mistake and my wasted time.

The manager who will now be referred to as "the dingaling" said no because it was an honest mistake and they sell lots of wings.  I agreed and told him I was only asking to see what kind of customer service Moriarty's had.  The dingaling then got smart and started to argue that it was not exactly a "customer service" issue.  Excuse me if I used the wrong term dingaling.  

The dingaling then tried to compare it to ordering pizza from a pizza place and getting the wrong order.  I told him that has never happened to me.

The dingaling got insulted and told me that was "uncalled for"....okaaay.

The dingaling offered the wings I brought back.  For full disclosure, I took them.

He then stared me down as I rode off.  You would have thought the dingaling was a top executive at J.P. Morgan Chase who could give a flying F about their customers.  

I heard you loud and clear dingaling, you don't care about my time, I won't waste it at your business.
Happy hour $3 draft beers from 5-7! Also wings are only $10. They are supposedly the best in Philly! I'd say they were pretty tasty jumbo wings. I liked them but didn't love them. I wish they had other sauces. Plus the wings were relegated to the top of the menu! Should be square in the center if that's what they're famous for! 

My favorite wing place is Crisp in Chicago so that was what I am basing this review off of.
I went to Moriarty's tonight with two girlfriends who are visiting from out of town, and it was a disaster. After a day out and about, we decided to go for something a bit on the heavy side. I know that Moriarty's is very popular, so we were prepared to wait. Surprisingly, because of the holiday, it was empty, and we were thrilled to be seated without a wait.

Everything started off just fine- our server, Cas, came over and introduced herself and she seemed very friendly. She answered a few of the questions that we had about the menu items. I ordered wings and a Caesar salad, one of my friends ordered wings and a house salad, and my other friend ordered a BLT & fries. 

When taking our orders, Cas asked what dressing my friend wanted on her house salad, and then proceeded to list them off. When the salads arrived, they were WARM!! Not even room temperature, but warm. I'm sorry, but how can a restaurant serve food so FAR out of the temperature safety zone and think that's okay? We mentioned it to her in passing, just as a heads up- I mean I've wasted $5 on a lot of crappy stuff, so I wasn't even planning on sending it back. Her reply was "Well, we didn't warm up the salads- it's just hot back there". Um- it's hot in the cold storage..where the salads should have been kept? Right.

At this point, I still felt like the situation could have been salvaged...until the check came, and my friend's salad had a surcharge. We asked Cas about it, and she said that it was a substitution charge for HER DRESSING CHOICE. I'm sorry, but I have never heard of a restaurant charging a customer extra money for the flavor of dressing that they select for their house salad, especially after listing off the available options and not bringing up the fact that *some* dressings would be more than others. So, it slipped her mind to mention this information, which I do not even believe to be true, but then she has time to chat with the neighboring table about people offering her cocaine all over the city. Right. So, I will never come back here, and I am so sorry that my friends had such a horrible dinner out here in Philly.
Hands down, the best buffalo chicken wings in Philly.  And since I don't really eat wings like that when I travel, it would default as the best wings I've ever had.

An order gives you about 8 wings. But keep in mind, it's 8 whole wings. Drum-wing-tip = one wing.  There is the perfect amount of sauce on the wings. Not too wet, and I guess it is more on the dry side.  But full on flavorful!  And it is fried to perfection, every single time I've come here.  Amazingly consistent.  Crispy on the outside, moist on the inside. I highly recommend this place to any buffalo wing fans out there.

The place acts as a bar/restaurant, so it can get a little loud with people standing around the bar.  The beer selection is actually quite good as well, so good beer + great wings = heaven!

You can't NOT order wings when you get here.  You smell it as soon as you walk into the establishment.  And look around - every table with food will have wings.  You don't come here to eat salad (though my friend did get one and he said it was good.)

They also have other popular Irish dishes like Shepherd's Pie, but the wings and draft selection are definitely the most memorable. I could use a revisit right now!
Solid Irish bar with good pub food.  Not much to say that hasn't been said, but I had a rollicking good time here on new years day.  I enjoyed several (ok probably more than several) beers, had a tasty Juniper Street chicken sandwich, and visited their clean restroom many times.

I lost my camera and my friend got kicked out, but neither of those are the bar's fault.  If I were the manager, I'd kick him out too for smacking my a$$.

They also kindly let my buddies leave their beer-filled backpacks in the foyer until they left, rather than making them get rid of them.  I guess they know that a lot of people bring beer along with them for the mummers.

Definitely worth coming back again!
I checked this place out for the first time. My friends ordered a plethora of food, so I was able to sample their fries, chicken wings, nachos and beer.

The wings were great, nachos were good (watch out for those peppers) and they had yeungling on tap. 

Service seemed to be pretty good as we had our servers coming by every so often on a Friday night. The crowd was also a good mix of people and had a decent energy
A few years ago, I patronized Hooters. Being a gay man, there's really nothing much there for me but from watching TV and from word of mouth, I always hear that they have the best wings and I do love buffalo wings. After trying them, I was utterly disappointed and since I was convinced that either people have bad tastes or women with skimpy clothing somehow alter people's tastebuds.

Wing-wise, Moriarty's probably take the crown in Philadelphia. 8 big, meaty wings for $8.99. That's loosely $1.13 each and that's the best $1.13 I've ever spent. Seriously, the wings are so big that you can spend minutes on the little tippy part of the wing alone and after have 3 whole wings, I'm satisfied. It is good, get it!

As an Irish pub, Moriarty's is festive and fun. Tons of beers to choose from. Good atmosphere. The food is reliable and better than regular bar fares. I especially enjoy their Fiesta burger which comes with guacamole and great crispy fries. The only irritating thing is that there's no refills for sodas. In my book, that translate to a bad tip so it's unwise in their part.

It is definitely a place that I'd return to for wings and maybe try their more traditional fare. One story is that a friend of mine who came with his friends got into a kerfuffle with some other patrons who made lewd comments to my friend's female companion. And after a verbal argument, the patrons/thugs followed my friend and his companion home and beat him up on the street. So the crowd here could be dicey, just watch your back.
Best wings around. However, "wing" is a misnomer. Each wing is more like a meaty, spicy half of a cornish game hen fried to perfection and piled on your plate.

If you haven't had Moriarty's wings, you probably shouldn't. You'll never be satisfied with wings anywhere else again.
best wings in philadelphia? i'd have to argue there but possibly a top 5 contender.

they're not the crispiest or the meatiest but the house sauce is good. they're your traditional bar buffalo wings but they are still delicious! i personally am a lover of extra crispy wings but when i ask for extra crispy here they are a bit dry. it stinks they never have wings or liquor specials but i think it's because every time i'm here it's crowded, even on a weekday.
Sometimes I wake up in the morning and all I look forward to is the excellent service provided at Moriarty's. No but really everyone here is lovely, specials are good, food is yummy. I've never ever had a negative experience with a server or bartender, they're all accommodating even when I'm creepy which is often.
 To recap their all stars... Bartenders- Josephine is the perfect amount of sarcastic, helpful, and beautiful. Harry is the silliest, most jovial goose. Tim has hair that is full of secrets and beer recommendations. Their servers Laura, Mary, Sammi, and Tom are always smiling. The only thing that could make this place better would be an adult water slide.
So did this place change owners???  Went here today with family before going to the Christmas Village and the wings were not up to par. The wings which were amazingly plump, juicy and saucy were dry dry, sauce less, bland and only seven in an order. I remember there was always 10 whole wings.  The menu is also different looking and all the beer mugs were squeaky clean and some of the memorabilia appeared missing. 

It also wasn't as busy as normal and service was good if a bit clumsy. Overall the food was good and if you've never been here one would say it is great but as a Philadelphian that has been to this place on a fairly regular basis, something seemed off. I'll go back and give it another chance and I hope today was a fluke and not the new norm.
I really like Moriarty's.  Every year around Christmas, my Mom and I would go to a show at the Forrest Theater, and we'd always go to Moriarty's for dinner first.  It was sort of our yearly ritual.  We'd go upstairs for dinner, which is different from downstairs -  it's less bar, more pretty nice restaurant up there.  Anyway, the food was always fantastic, and we had a great time.

Nowadays, I go to Moriarty's and hang out downstairs.  The burgers are great, the bar is wood, brass, and Irish pub all the way.  The beer's good.  I'm not a fan of the wings, though - I'm not sold on the giant whole wings thing.  I mean, they taste okay, but I like my wings in pieces and in an more oily sauce.  Overall, I'm a big fan of this place.  It's just a good pub to hang out in.
For $12 good value given how many wings you get roughly 6-9 and how big they are. Only one sauce. Buffalo and tonites special was $3 hoegarden

Considering it didn't seem overly busy my server was slow.  The wings came out before my beer 
When I asked for a box and lid for the blue cheese she didn't take my card when I was ready to cash out for also 15 minutes.  And she didn't bring the lids for the blue cheese 

Definitely one of the better wings I've had as a whole tho I need that fire you know?  While I love spicy wings this is just a good meaty wing with light spice from franks red hot and if you quantify a great wing as one that is more meaty than most than this place is a solid choice
Wanted so bad to like this place.  Went in and we were seated upstairs next top a flashing disco light and by several empty two top tables.  My wife and I attempted to move to a table and were told that all the other tables were 'reserved'.  What bar has that many reservations at 9pm?  In short, find another place to eat, the service here does not care about you or your money.
If they didn't have wings, they would lose a star.  But, I must say, and (at least in the neighborhood), it is common knowledge:  Moriarty's has the absolute BEST wings in the city.  Big, messy, falling off the bone, and the sauce is like crack.

The beer selection is really big and they are served cold, like they should be.  I haven't sampled anything else at the bar, but it seems pretty extensive.

One word of advice - stick with a burger and avoid the Mexican stuff.  It is definitely the type of Mexican you would expect to get at an Irish bar.

The service is REALLY spotty, downright lousy at times.  Suspend your impatience and check it out for the wings alone.
A. Forgot to order the wings...smashed state was the cause
B. Walnut street burger never disappoints...was too good
C. Never ate upstairs, so it was a bonus
D. Waitress was very pleasant even though we were a hot mess
E. Bill was decent, not over the top for the amt of grub

I will always hit.
I can be very judgmental. Slowly but surely I'm maturing and letting go of my quick-draw assumptions. I can tell a few employees at Moriarty's have yet to reach this point or even start the long haul towards adulthood. 

I've been here once before so I'm far from a regular and didn't realize that behind door #1 is a clear walkway and behind door #2 is a huge wooden bench that will stop you dead in your tracks. I was quick enough to catch myself before toppling over it, but the guy who entered a few seconds later was not. Everyone got a real kick out of it and I was the only one, staff included, to help him up. Maybe we can move the bench now? Or lock door #2? Just some thoughts.

My friends, a married couple with a newborn, were home from Hawaii for one week. In that one week they had to squeeze in three sets of families, a wedding and tons of visits from friends. As smart as they are, they plotted to kill a few birds with one stone and have all the college buds meet up at Moriarty's to see them, the babe and savor the wings that even the beautiful Maui sunsets couldn't erase.

The staff was more than annoyed that we rolled so deep without a reservation. They also weren't too keen on the baby. We had to split up between a booth in the back and seats at the bar and our server actually had the nerve to ask us to only order drinks from her. OK. So we'll stand by the table, order drinks, then go drink them by the bar. 20 minutes later they relinquished a large, unoccupied table held for a no-show reservation. Some of us moved to the table, some stayed in the booth that was within arm's reach. They said we had to give up the booth. This still did not solve the problem of the lacking seats. So we left. 

I've never felt so unwanted. If it weren't for the wings  and stellar happy hour deal ($3 drafts from a hefty selection) I'd knock off a star in the ratings.
Was in the mood for wings on a Saturday night, and knew it would be near impossible to get a table at McGillan's so decided to try Moriarty instead. The inside is pretty cool and old-timey! Lots of old photos and Knick knacks on the walls! I ordered the Buffalo wings ($14) and the spicy curly fries ($7). 
The wings are huge! They are the jumbo drum+flat that you don't see very often! They were really delicious, but nothing that made them standout other than their size. I would call them average. The curly fries were really good! The were crispy and seasoned well! They were pretty skimpy and came with random pepper and onion garnishes. It kind of annoyed me because if I'm going to pay $7 for curly fries, give me a big basket and don't put stupid garnishes in them! 
I had great service and enjoyed my food, but most certainly feel this place is overpriced! $21 for wings and a few curly fries is outrageous in my opinion. I would go back, but it's not going to be at the top of my list for awhile.
3.5 stars:  Moriarty's is famous for their chicken wings - and for good reason. These mother-cluckers were the biggest chicken wings my eyes had ever seen.

I came here for a Sunday afternoon beer, and I was not disappointed. It's your typical Irish pub; an awesome selection of beer, wine, and spirits, a simple menu of the normal bar eats, Philly sports on the TV, and the kitsch pub memorabilia and stained glass lighting fixtures made me feel like I had stepped into an episode of Cheers. The bartender was personable, attentive, and quick. 

I ordered the appetizer platter of fried mozz sticks, chicken wings, and potato skins. This would have been a disappointing display to share among more than two people, as it literally came with 3 wings, two potato skins, and 3 mozzarella sticks. Now don't get me wrong, for two people snacking and sipping beer, this was the perfect amount of food and we easily polished the plate. 

Everything was tasty, but I gotta say I was a little bummed by the wings. They're huge - yes. But I found them to be dry and difficult to eat given how big they were. Maybe I'm not the best judge, because I'm personally not a fan of any type of food have a bone in it, and wings are never really my go-to, but taste-wise, I've definitely had better. I wished there was more sauce on them. The sauce has a pretty mild flavor, not much of a kick.

Beer prices were okay given the prime location in center city. Street parking is nightmare around here, but there are a couple of parking garages within close walking distance.
We live right down the street from Moriarty's so we were excited when we saw it open back up!!  It's a classic bar with any drink you could want and solid food.  We got the chicken cheesesteak which had good quality chicken and a lot of cheese.  The spicy bacon blue burger was amazing, we both cleaned out plates.  The curly fries were 10/10! Great place for a beer, burgers, and wings that is well priced and won't break your bank.
Terrible.  My friends and I came here last night after hearing they had pretty good pub food.  The menu is gigantic, including everything from shrimp enchiladas to french onion soup.  However, we quickly learned the the chef is certainly not mexican or french.  All of our food was absolutely horrendous.  Burger- plain and topped with tasteless cheese.  Cajun salad served with balsamic vinaigrette, french onion soup that looked like water, and to top it off, a bean burrito that was filled with only beans from a can and missing all the delicious fixins that go inside.  

We felt terrible for our waiter who was incredibly nice, for having to serve such bland and misdirected food.  Despite this nice guy, never go.
Ok, I'm really bummed that I had to leave my group early. I've heard from so many people that I have to try the wings, that they are the best in the city, that I can't go wrong with those wings. So, obviously, I forced the table to order the wings, even though they only wanted drinks. These wings are GREAT. Like really, they are great! The sauce was hot, but not overpowering, the wings where the whole wing so you got a lot of meat off of one wing, and most importantly they were simple! So many times people try to make their wings crazy fancy, and I just say why? The guys at Moriarty's know to keep it simple and they do it well. We also got the chicken nachos and they were pretty standard! Honestly, cannot wait to come back and get a plate of wings for myself. The space itself is small and cozy, definitely could be a great place to for a small group to catch up over some beers and great wings!
This is one of those places that I turn to when I need to get out of Chinatown and am too lazy to traverse the city elsewhere. The food is great, the beer is great, and I've never had an unpleasant experience with wait staff. A lot of times waiters/waitresses forget about their patrons who are seated outdoors and away from the major hubbub of the bar, but am never forgotten about and always wind up with a full glass before I realize I was ever running low.

The restaurant has three floors and is almost always full, a regular spot for Jeff students as well as those of us looking to celebrate happy hour on a budget (hooray $3 drafts). My "go-to" meal is a Juniper St. burger (medium rare) with their banging beer battered fries. They give you the option of salad instead of fries, but honestly that's just a little sacrilegious, don't you think? I love coming here because it reminds me of my hometown bar, come here enough and the staff start remembering who you are...unless of course you're more favorably reminded of embarrassing moments of nights past.
This place has been touted as having the best wings and fries in Philly. I've been here a few times already, and I couldn't agree more. The prices, however, have dramatically increased over the past few months. The portions have gotten smaller, and they charge extra for every little thing (e.g. honey mustard). You should fully expect service to be cold and borderline rude (it's been like this in many of my visits), but don't let this deter you from trying their excellent wings and fries.
The Good:
Decent food--fantastic burgers
Kitchen Open Late

The Bad:
Tables are too close together
My ratio of crappy servers to good is far too high

The Ugly:
Your momma.

I like going here but honestly I prefer Fado if I'm bored with nothing to do.
I am basing this review entirely on their wings. This was one of our last stops on our St. Patty's Day bar crawl. None of us were hungry upon arrival, but the minute we walked in, the smell of the wings made us all want wings! We asked for 2 orders with fries. The wings come whole (not separated) in a delicious buffalo sauce that smells like it's amazing. It does not disappoint. It comes with very creamy blue cheese that compliments the wings. I don't even remember the fries or if I had a drink - I just remember the wings. I have found the best wings ever! Moriarty's is def. a must if you're in philly and searching for the best wings, ever, on the entire planet. The end.
Went here last Friday night and had a pretty good time for the most part. Pretty crowded when we walked in but that is to be expected, fortunately we were sat right away. They have a great beer selection, so everyone should be satisfied if you are a beer lover. We started with the wings, they had the leg on which is my absolute favorite..more work but definitely better. 

Now for our entrees, to say the least we were disappointed, I got the shepherds pie which I was really excited about but it was just so dry that I barely could eat it, my boyfriend got the lobster mac and cheese which was just mac and cheese, hardly any lobster. I get this isn't a fancy place but at least say that it just regular mac and cheese, they cheese was barely melted which again left a very dry taste in your mouth. 

The staff was amazing and our waitress was good about checking on us and also very friendly. We will be back but might just stick with the wings next time.
HEY EVERYBODY OH MY GOSH GET THE WINGS THEY'RE REALLY GREAT AND REALLY HUGE BECAUSE THE DRUMSTICKS ARE STILL ATTACHED AND THEY'RE CRISPY AND JUST NOM-WORTHY.

(no but really they are)

...and ask for some extra buffalo hot sauce on the side, because it IS really super spicy and actually that delicious to where you'll probably want to drink it anyhow.

OH YEAH AND THE BEER SELECTION IS ENORMOUS. And the bartenders are experts at Guinness pouring: I had the pleasure of drinking the most perfectly poured Poorman's Black Velvet (Guinness + Cider) I've ever consumed. 2/3 crisp golden cider topped with 1/3 Guinness and the perfect amount of froth...

LET ME REPEAT:

BEER AND WINGS 
BEER AND WINGS
BEER AND WINGS

(oh...whoops, i guess it really has been said and done.)
This is a nice little pub. Friendly bartenders, fun crowd, not too rowdy; good conversation. Decent food - I had the fish and chips while my friend ordered wings. Overall, while it wasn't mind-blowing, it's certainly not the worst place to end up. I may stop by again to see if the wings deliver for me!
Great Happy Hour...every day. Belgium beers $5 includes Chimay...others on draft $2 or $. Saw some of food that came out looked like a good spot to catch a burger or some wings/nachos during a game. The staff was very friendly esp the bar staff. Great find after shopping.
This place is my kind of place except the TVs could be updated upstairs. I think it is family run. The people who greeted us at the door were super nice and rushed to get us seats for the Eagles playoff game (tears). We sat upstairs but moved to the tall tables next to the bar because the tables were placed weirdly so you couldn't see the TVs well. The wings are ridiculously good. A bit crispy but not crunchy, great sauce, big portion...they don't divide up the wings into tiny ones - they keep it as the full size wing, which I prefer...though hardly any other establishment I've been to does this. Haven't had the other food, but I would probably just get wings every time. 

If you want a chill place with a big beer list + good wings, come here. The crowd is mixed - not all young, not all on the older side...just people who want a place to hang out without the frills. They also have Chimay, which is my favorite beer. 

ALSO! Happy Hour Monday - Friday 5 - 7pm with 20 oz pints $3 and 30 drafts to choose from. They have karaoke on saturdays at 9pm. A bit rando.
Celebrating 100 of anything is a monumental milestone, so I was here celebrating a dear friend of mine and fellow marathoner, who ran her 100th marathon at the 2013 Philadelphia marathon, along with my own marathon finish with her on Sunday, 11/17. This group party was made well in advanced and it was a privilege to attend her party here at Moriarty's Irish Bar & Pub. The party started at about 3pm, but I didn't arrive till about 4:30pm aka fashionably late. We all filled out in the restaurant side of the establishment and the party began. Meeting familiar faces after a long morning doing 26.2 miles on foot was very much gratifying and I was glad to sit down and have a few beers to celebrate the accomplishment of 100 marathons, as well as my friends' who finished the marathon, as well as my own finish. It was just a great feeling to be in this place for sure!

Moriarty's Irish Bar and Pub is located on 1000 Walnut Street, in center city Philadelphia. The pub was already busy with Sunday patrons and who wouldn't want to party with liquor on a Sunday? Here in Philadelphia, its how it should be. The atmosphere and ambiance was a bit loud, but hey it was a pub, so that was expected. Near the back though, it was a bit less noisy, but still, it how it is. The service was kind of slow, but I didn't really notice, as I was enjoying all my marathoner friends' company and enjoying the moment of not having to run another marathon the next day (which I can, but I'm not) :)

Pub food is always a comfort for me, so Moriarty's did not disappoint. Good company and the food was delicious. It was a perfect way to spend Sunday afternoon. While a more quiet gathering would have been more perfect, just being with friends and celebrating the marathon victory was great in itself. Thanks Moriarty's Irish Pub for hosting us. While I myself have a couple of years ahead of me to knock off more marathons to reach 100, I feel that my own personal milestone will be just as amazing and memorable at the same time. Hope to return to Philadelphia for my 100th race and maybe party it up here again at Moriarty's as well.

The experience was definitely memorable and hope to be back. The service was decent. While the food were quite good and I sampled a few things off friends' plates, I thought that that the brews seem to be better. While I would recommend Moriarty's Irish Pub to those looking for a great time, check into the other watering holes around center city Philadelphia and do a pub crawl if need be. But come on down to Moriarty's for fun and liquor anytime yah want to. It's pretty sweet and I think you'll enjoy yourself.

Support local!

B+
Sure, these are good wings, fatty, but that is not why I chose to smutty yelp on Moriarty's.  As a self-professed karaoke idiot, I do proclaim Moriarty's on Saturday nights as the best in the city.  

The DJ is funny and scheming and has a book of songs thicker than anywhere else in the city.  And if you catch this place on a good night, you are liable to come across not one, but SEVERAL drunken bachelorette parties (or other large gatherings of young females).  

Anyhow, the nights can get awesome up there.  The only thing that sucks (besides the tendency for the place to get too crowded) is that the DJ takes a break for the summer months and there is no more karaoke, thus rendering Moriarty's basically useless.
I was very disappointed when I walked into the bar with a large group of friends around 12 this past Saturday night. We were approached by the bartender as soon as we walked in and were informed that we would need to clear the bar area for the servers who were trying to get to the tables in the back. I asked if there was anywhere else we could go, since the downstairs part is pretty narrow and was told that he "didn't have a 20 top table". I'm almost positive no one has a 20 top table, sir.

Apparently it was an inconvenience to have an influx of business on a Saturday night. We could have easily given the guy our beer orders and sat a few different tables so we weren't blocking anything. Needless to say, we turned right around and left. And I won't be returning either, which is a shame because I live 1 block away. Good thing there are plenty of other Irish pubs nearby to choose from...
If you love the taste of tangy spicy wings, you HAVE to have their famous buffalo wings here!!! I love it so much I always ask for EXTRA sauce on the side to dip. 
- comes with 8 huge wings, recommend this to share, because it can get very tiring eating only wings for your meal. Crave this all the time! 

Call ahead of time to reserve your party, can get very busy at night time especially Friday and weekends! But day time during lunch, they are very chill with lots of open space inside and outside.
A non-chain Chili's or Chotchkey's.  Wings are real-sized wings.
A. Good beer selection
B. Best wings, no doubt (they include the third piece of the wing)
C. Good chill crowd
D. Waitresses are pretty accomodating when I sit in the back
E. Bartenders are easy to talk to
F. Walnut St. Burger is a staple of my diet

I will hit again.
I have veen here a few times. Usually after a long day walking in the city. The bright blue irish style fascade is like a beacon for a starvibg traveler.  I love the irish decore.  Beers are good but the bangars and mash are amazing.  If you like soccer it is a good place to catch a match.
Terrible service. When the bar was pretty empty but we still weren't seen for a min of 30 mins. 
I said excuse me to the bartender and asked for checks. She yelled at me and said I'm not your waitress. I responded with well we haven't seen one in a long time.
Awesome buffalo wings and $3 draft beers from 5-7pm. Nuff said. :)
Hostess was super rude... we ended up just leaving after our interaction with her. I just happened to see a few other reviews on here with the same type of experience, and I assume it was the same person. Im glad it wasn't just us.  I'm not sure why she is so angry... maybe hospitality isn't for her. And maybe she shouldn't be up front "greeting" potential customers. We will not be back based on this experience.
Great service and has your standard fare of bar food. Overall the wings are a bit dryer than other spots and would love more sauce. Burger patty was fairly plain but alright. Plenty of seating inside and a couple of seats outside when the weather warms up.
Food was good but not anything to rave about. Service was pretty bad. Server was nice when she actually came around. We were probably in there an extra 30 minutes if you consider the extra time we waited for our order to be taken and check to be delivered.
Warm beer. Unfriendly service.   The vibe was down and the bartender carried the tone.  Better options in the area
This is a good Irish Pub. Came in had two of the spicy chicken sandwiches, veggie burger, and the Java Burger. Everything was good pub food nothing special but average if your hungry. The beer was cold and hit the spot.
Walked in at 6:50pm ordered a beer, I have a menu sitting in front of me which I've looked at twice already. Bartender keeps ignoring me despite me scouring the menu multiple times. It's now 7:15 and still nothing. Sometimes I feel like a Lepra. Do people just not give a $hit anymore? Check out my short clip of her passing me by and multiply this by 15. This is no joke how many times she walked passed me with no eye contact or so much as an F U!
First off i'd like to start off by saying i've been going here for 4 years and it seems to just get worse everytime. Went here late friday night and walked in and said table for four. The girl at the front then proceeds to say "Oh i'm good thanks for asking..." with an ATTITUDE and I just ignore it. She walks us to the table and sits us down and the waiter comes over for only one of two times we've seen him the whole hour we were there. We ordered and received our food which was ok but pretty dry and we had to stop an other worker to ask for basic things like napkins and straws for our drinks. After we finish we pay but don't tip becuase of the bad service and rush out since we had somewhere to be within the next 5 minutes. We told the rude girl at the front have a good night and she just gave us a cocky look so we left and as we walk away she runs out saying "why are we running?" as if it's any of her business in the first place and she then accuses us of dining and dashing which made us all frustrated and proceed to tell her we paid as she continued to scream about nonsense and we left. NEVER AGAIN.
I have a fondness for going into bars during lunchtime when they're relatively dead and having a big juicy burger. It is literally one of my fav things to do for lunch. Moriarty's fits the bill for me, because in the evening time I find that it's full of obnoxious professionals and college kids watching sports.

The menu here is pretty basic bar food with a slant towards traditional Irish/English cuisine (like Shepherd's Pie,) but it isn't as obnoxiously "Irish Pub" as many Irish Pubs.

I recently visited for lunch and had a bacon cheeseburger which was absolutely perfect. I like that they give you spring greens on the side, which are much tastier on a burger than iceberg lettuce. I also had their "Irish Potato Soup" which was nice and creamy without tasting like Velveeta in a bowl.

The waitstaff is usually a good mix of young gay guys and sweet college girls, so you avoid a lot of the "over it" attitude you find in many Philly waiters.
The food was great but the service was not. Our party of 6 arrived and our waitress rushed our drink order and hardly waited for us to finish. We were going to order apps but she didn't let us. We ordered six Miller lites. She brought us six Bud Light drafts. We all realized it was not Miller Lite so we said something to her and asked for bottles next time. Then we ordered 2 orders of wings. One comes out and she keeps saying the other is right behind it. It was not. We also had no silverware or napkins eating these wings. We asked for them but did not get them. Finally someone brought us the rest of our wings and napkins. Still no silverware. Our platters come and still no silverware. Our waitress did have enough time to come and say "I told the bartender what you said about the beer and she said it was definitely Miller Lite; but I am not saying I don't believe you.." so she had enough time to come correct the customer but can't get us silverware or ask how we are doing. I've never ever heard of a a server not apologizing for something AND then correcting the customer. It was absurd. You would think an apology or maybe removing the wrong beer from the bill. A few other small issues throughout the night too. It was comical and we made the best of our night anyway. We've never had an issue before, so maybe it was a bad night. 

Oh yeah and gratuity was included so she still got 18% even though it was terrible terrible service.
My mom and I heard about this place and their burgers so we decided to check it out! 

The burger was alright. I thought it was really good but they messed up our check and our waitress didn't really seem concerned. She was like, "well yeahhh you're right but i'd have to call up to the manager and I don't know how long that would take.. he's upstairs and all....." so we overpaid. 

The fries were my favorite part and I really recommend them. They also had the Alabama game playing but only on one tv while the other 3/4 had the same game on. I'd like to have seen it evened up a bit because my mom couldn't see.
Moriarty's is amazing.  Cheap drinks, a fun crowd, friendly servers.  And OMG the wings... the wings are an experience.  The best I have had outside of Buffalo.
There is a place where the Irish celebrate and the green runs through your blood no matter what your background is. Whether it's St. Patrick's Day or just a regular weeknight or weekend, the people at Moriarity's have the Philadelphia charm. Their wings are a common order among patrons, but on a cold day I'll gladly go for a bowl of warm Irish potato soup with bangers and mash. 

The beer selection is pretty good and while pitchers aren't an option, there is plenty to talk about since the pub is decoratated with local playbill memories and water jugs that the owner collected. The chandeliers aren't the swanky kind, but instead a good quality Tiffany style that still make them classy. I can't help it, I love the style the pub has.

Even the standard fried food is pretty tasty. A classic cheeseburger with lettuce, onion and tomato is served on a fresh bun and looks like it came right from a tv ad. Biting into the burger didn't let me down either because it tasted just exactly the way I imagined it would be. French fries are part of the order and grey poupon is automatically served when the order arrives at your table. Along with an order of onion rings, a few shots of Irish whiskey and well, that's what I can safely say is pretty damn tasty.
They are supposed to have the best wings around... I wouldn't agree with that, but the wings were pretty good. We got wings, nachos, and drinks... all were good. Our server was awesome.. the perfect mix of fast, friendly, and efficient. They have a really extensive beer menu and really good happy hour pricing. My favorite part about the place is the ambiance... They only word I can think of to describe it is 'warm'. The only way to know what I mean is to go visit!
Moriarty's dishes out one killer spinach dip.

Accompanied by warm pita, this dip is served in a small bowl and is mixed with the perfect amount of fresh cream and artichokes. And it's no skimpy portion, either! Add extra pita for $1...you're likely to need two helpings. This is currently my favorite dip in the city -- by far -- and you should probably give it a shot if you're into spinach.

On a meatier note, I keep hearing about their wings here, but I'm more into burgers, so I've ordered the Locust Street (bacon and cheese) burger a couple times now. It's standard, cooked to your request, and comes with pretty good fries.

Staff here has always been friendly and I love the decor and ambiance. It's such a relaxing place to spend an afternoon with a good drink or a series of tasters. Definitely need to visit more often!
The fiance and I came here for a meal the other day, and boy were we pleased! 

First if all, their draft selection stacks up to the best of em, and if you come during happy hour its only $3 a draft! 

Beyond this, the reason I came here is becuase I was told/heard their wings are phenomenal, and boy was that true! For those of you who are true wing lovers, I believe you will really appreciate the wings at Moriarty's. The sauce they use is perfectly on point; just enough kick to it with plenty to go around. The wings are juicy and well cooked, and one order is enough to feed 2-3 people!

I have had my fair share of wings at many different places, and I can say that the wings here stack up to some of the best I've tried! Believe me people, there is a reason that so many reviewers have raved about their wings, they are just that good!
I love that the happy hour is 7 days a week. Three dollars for a Guinness? Yes Please! I love that they fry the whole wing without a batter so the skin is nice and crispy. It's a little strong the way the hot sauce and vinegar goes, but sometimes I like that. Other foods we've tried:

-Fish and Chips: great, fresh fish, pile of fries, how can that go wrong?
-Mozzarella sticks: these were not impressive, though I can't say anything bad about them either
-"Wings'N'Things": meh, strictly wings from now on, I think this only happened because we were being indecisive, but really, loaded potato skins? who eats that?
Food: Solid. Ordered the Guinness Beef Stew with  and a pint of Smithwicks. How can you go wrong with beef stew cooked/marinated in Guinness? You can't. My friend ordered the fish and chips. THAT one was fantastic. It was one fish... literally. Half a fish, battered and fried. My stew was good, but I DEFINITELY want to come back for the fish and chips.

Everything else:  Solid beer selection, friendly service. Friendly prices.

Return visit:  "You betcha" - Sarah Palin
Moriarty's is better than you think. The facade gives you the idea that it's some kitschy Irish-themed pub run by a group of frat bros that got the idea while backpacking through the Isle getting drunk during during "study" abroad. But it's not. It's a fun, popular, and loud bar with decent food and a killer happy hour special. 

I ordered the Chipotle Chicken sandwich, which was a good, spicy selection. Otherwise, the items on the menu were very standard crowd-pleasers, from salads to Reubens to Fish N' Chips. I would certainly go back for the happy hour, which features a wide selection of drafts priced at $3. Although the place can become very busy, the wait staff is well-trained and friendly and they avoid the pitfall of hiring too few employees. I'm sure the overhead is large, but on the average night, it's needed. 

When it's all said and done, I'm glad Moriarty's graces the Center City streets. It offers a fun atmosphere for anyone from a group of young professionals going out for happy hour to a family grabbing a pre-theatre meal. While it won't change the way you view the world, it is a good option with some reasonable prices, especially during that 5-7 happy hour window.
The ambiance was terrible and the food was not much better! I got a burger and it was dry and lacked flavor. Additionally, we had to wait a long time for the server as she only came to the table once or twice. I won't be going back.
Been to Moriarty's twice now for lunch... love this place!  Warm, friendly atmosphere inside, and good food.  I eat vegetarian when I'm out so I can't say much for the wings, but the veggie burger and potato soup I had were really good!  Friends had burgers and loved them, too.  Great fries and wonderful beer selection.  Had a wide selection of desserts (apple crisp, pecan pie, chocolate cake) to share and wow... amazing. Staff was friendly and attentive... Will definitely be going back!
This place is a nice place to hang out at.  It's a bit crowded though, and bar seats are difficult to find on the busier times.  

I always get the wings here, they're so good.  If you read all the reviews, everyone says they are good, which should tell you that they're pretty good.

I love their club sandwiches, they're large and really well made.  All of the insides don't fall out when you take a bite.  Always upgrade for the french fries, they're so delicious.  I almost always have to talk myself out of ordering another side of fries.  I've gotten the fish and chips here, it tastes really good.  One large piece of fish with their amazing fries.

They have the normal selection of beers here, and they're pretty good.  Not that expensive either.
I've been going to Moriartys for years now & there isn't any place like it in the city. They've really improved the outside seating over the last year so we can actually enjoy the summer months while having a drink (and people-watching, of course)! I love the salads here & their burgers. My husband is a wing lover & he especially loves Moriartys wings because he likes PLENTY of bleu cheese with them. This place never disappoints.  It can get pretty busy at night & on the weekends but Iove the atmosphere. It's a great place to catch a Phillies game, too. Overall, I'd highly recommend Moriarty's!!
Shocking place with shocking service - racist bar tender falsely accused me of being surly and abusing other in the bar...two friends and I were simply having a quiet drink at the bar. No issue with my mates who are louder than I, but they are white...just saying. 

Anyway obviously didn't tip the guy after being accused of being obnoxious and saying some down right vile things (never uttered them), after which I was told to "chug" my drink (neanderthal style) and leave......all is well that ends well, another pub down the street..no such issues. Hope this place defaults soon.
Staff was nice and friendly to begin with. We went for an outdoor seating as the weather was nice and warm.

Went to this place with a friend.. ordered wing and things' and fish/shrimp and chips. My friend was a little disappointed by her fish, shrimp and chips order as she found it really bland.

Coming to wings, this is by far the best wings in Philly I ever had. Enjoyed every bite of it. My wings and things came with mozzarella sticks and potato skins. I have to admit the potato skins were ah-mazing. My mouth is still watering as I write this. LOL

Overall I'd totally suggest to checkout this place. Happy eating y'all :)
I went here because they advertise the best wings in Philly, so I felt like I couldn't pass that up. I grabbed a spot at the bar during happy hour, and it was surprisingly packed full of people. Found myself a spot and ordered a drink and glanced at the binder like menu of beer. Great selection for sure, and plenty of drafts.

I ordered wings  (naturally) and a crock of French onion soup. The soup came out first. It wasn't bad, but it tasted like it had been sitting out in the kitchen for a while. The onions were great, but there were huge chunks of bread throughout the soup.

Then came the wings. I got a huge plate full of literal chicken wings - not what you'd normally expect. They weren't too saucy like I prefer, but that's not a deal breaker. As I dove in, I didn't know where to start on pulling the wings apart. It was tough to say the least.

I ate maybe 7 of the wings before I got super full and couldn't finish. They were decent, but like I said - tough to eat and could've been saucier. Also, the sauce was kind of tangy, not terribly buffalo-y. Definitely not the best wings in the city.

Overall, it was a good experience. Friendly staff, and they were attentive once more of them showed up. 3.5/5.
Best Wings in Center City !!! 

Only downfall is there r no refills on sodas but that doesnt stop me from going ;)
We visited Moriarity's after attending the Flower Show. We were seated right away and had a reservation at 5 pm. Our server, Jill, came right over with a smile and gave us menus and we discussed the nice selection of draft beers. We ordered their wings as an app. The food came out in about 15 minutes as they were busy. Biggest 7 wings I have ever seen, in a nicely spiced hot sauce. This alone would be enough for dinner for two!
We both ordered sandwiches, a turkey-ham BLT and a salmon sandwich. Unfortunately, both were kind of dry and tasteless.
Our server Jill was polite, conscientious and efficient. Best waitress yet, and we have been around the block. She didn't constantly bother us, but glanced at our table as she was busily passing by. Nice! We got to observing her working and wonder why she isn't running the place, Nicholas.
Ask for one of Jill's tables when you go.
Under cooked wings and horrible service wow 
I hope I do not get sick. 
The waitress could not be more rude.
Wings are absolutley insane...huuuuge and soo banging! Burgers are really good to. Actually coem to think of it I dont think I have tried anything besides the burger since they are that good.
The prices were right ($3 draft beers during happy hour except for a few Belgians), $3.50 cheese fries), the wings and portions were huge. The waitstaff was extremely accomodating, allowing us to move to a larger table when the rest of our group showed up after ordering. The service was quick despite the bar being packed.

They have a great draft beer selection, a mouth-watering menu (can't wait to try more of the burgers and chicken sandwiches). The drink specials don't start until 5PM, so we had to wait it out before ordering. They charge for sharing some of the entrees and don't allow separate checks, so bring enough cash if you're with a group. I'll definitely come back for happy hour and an early dinner some other time.
