It's good to see that a place like Morimoto is still very much thriving amidst the whole pandemic. Booked for an early dinner, this place is packed. This is Morimoto's first restaurant which opened in 2001 in the heart of Philadelphia. 

They are adhering to all COVID-19 protocols. The most high tech temp scan that I have come across. Probably what you would see in Asia. Face the small scanner and it will read and tell you your temp with a "pass" reading before you proceed inside. Plexiglas at every table with the entire staff in mask, shields and gloves.

The decor reminds me of the ocean with cool neon dimmed lights. Perfect for a first or romantic date with sexy shaped lamps that will put anyone in the mood.

I expect a lot coming into a place stamped with Morimoto's name. To start, we had the Toro Tartare. The flavor had me wanting bite after bite. It's a sexy app and I appreciate their homemade taro chips. Next, we had their $23 Rock Shrimp Tempura. Major fail. Having just had the best thing in my mouth and then this over-fried, greasy dish with the batter overwhelming the tiny shrimp. I just forced myself to have 4 pieces before letting my companions finished it. We all shook our head like WTH with a frown on our faces. Why did I order this? Our waiter highly recommended it.

Our entrees made a redemption. Here is what we ordered:
- Chirashi Bowl (nothing spectacular about it)
- Ishi Yaki Bop w/fish (amazing) 
- Hokkaido Snow Beef, A5 Wagyu (perfection)
- Morimoto's Ramen Soup (this won me over)

Dessert:
- Fiery Chocolate Tart (no sesame detected)
- Japanese S'mores Ice Cream (graham cracker was hard)
I'm not a huge chocolate fan but my companions enjoyed it. I thought the brownies were super dense, like a brick. I should have ordered a mochi, fruity one for myself. 

Overall a great meal and expect to spend a $$$. It's all about the experience at a place like this. 5 stars to the entire staff.
Morimoto is where I go when I am craving Japanese food, but don't feel like venturing all the way to New York. Dinner is a bit pricy, but lunch and happy hour are where it's at. 

The chirashi on the lunch my menu has to be my favorite chirashi I've had in the U.S. There is such a nice variety of fish including salmon, tuna, squid, yellowtail, crab, in one box. The quality of the fish is good and the rice is cooked perfectly. The little ribbons of tamago (Japanese omelet) throughout give it an extra punch of flavor along with the rich mushroom pickles. The portion is also a fair size. 

If that wasn't enough, the set comes with a salad topped with fried shallots and yuzu (Japanese citrus) dressing and a side of miso soup. During my most recent visit this week, I learned that for a small upcharge, you can upgrade the miso soup to any of the three ramens on the menu (chicken, pork, or veggie). This is completely worth it! The veggie is only $3 to upgrade. The pork is $7 though. I have to say that the veggie ramen was quite impressive! The broth was rich and the eggplant was silky and  well seasoned. There were also tender pieces of bok choy and kabocha (Japanese pumpkin) with a little pickled ginger in top. The noodles looked like harusame (cellophane noodles) and were not egg noodles, so technically I would not consider this ramen, but regardless it was incredibly delicious! 

So after the upcharge, my lunch was $24 before tax and tip. It's not the cheapest lunch, but completely worth it in flavor and quality.  Service was great as usual and our water glasses never went dry. 

Always check what the ice cream of the day is as it is homemade here and comes in interesting flavors. Unfortunately, it was eggnog this week, so I gave that a skip. I'll just have to come back again in another season.
A four year anniversary deserves a special romantic anniversary dinner IMO. So in Iron Chef fashion, I hit the Yelp talk boards and asked fellow Yelpers to compare Morimoto and Buddakan. I got some funny responses (like "Morimoto all day erryday")  in the "battle" but  seriously Morimoto was the clear winner. So...we made a reservation for Sunday (last night) at 5pm. The restaurant was nice and slow and our waiter was extremely attentive. We were seated in one of the trendy little booths and loved the contemporary decor. The waiter's initial introduction reminded me of the ones I'd give during presentation intros in my grad school classes. He took his time to explain the menu and questioned us about dietary restrictions and our tolerance for raw vs. cooked items. The restaurant acknowledged our anniversary in a few nice ways. We received a small lobster tasting on the house prior to our appetizer dishes (rock shrimp tempura and sushi). Man oh man - all of the appetizers were slap yo' mama good. My boyfriend and I ordered the oolong and lychee cocktails and got the Morimoto beer to go. All were very good. He ordered the seafood tobin yaki and I had the surf and turf. Now my surf was a bit of an experiment for me: sea urchin. Yeah I know, you're like "what? you tried sea urchin" but I did and it was pretty good. For dessert I ordered the brownie and ice cream and greedily finished it. He ordered the sorbet trio. We learned that all of the ice cream was made in house and when they brought our plates out they had written "happy anniversary " in chocolate and put candles on them. If you think that's corny you probably don't like kittens either. Touched my heart :)  5/5 for Morimoto; One of the best meals we've ever had. Thanks again to my fellow Yelpers for the recommend; sharing is caring and you guys never dissappoint.
My husband and I decided to finally use a Starr gift card we had been sitting on for ages at Morimoto on Friday night. That was our first great decision, which was followed by many more. 

We arrived and were led to a cozy little booth for two on the left wall. Our server came by with water and I mentioned that I wanted to start with something bubbly and described my preferences. He recommended the blanc de blancs which was perfection. 

We started with the kumamoto and seasonal oysters, which came with six to the plate. The oysters were topped with three different sauces. The sauces were all nice, but I think I prefer a more traditional oyster plate with just some lemon and mignonette. 

Next up was the hamachi with ponzu and jalapeño. Simple and delicious, this is always one of my favorite dishes at a Japanese restaurant. Next was the toro tartare. It is pricey. It is tiny. It is incredible! Nestled inside the small cup of an overly large plate is the tartare, flecked with crunchy tempura flakes and topped with caviar. The fresh wasabi used sparingly only enhanced the flavors. 

For our mains, my husband opted for the soft shell crab special while I went for the Chilean sea bass. I can't comment on the special since I didn't try it, but my sea bass was increds. Served in a light broth with bright, crisp, seasonal vegetables and herbs, the fish was seared perfectly and the flavor was intensely buttery. The dish was super light yet felt completely satisfying because of the naturally rich flavors of the fish. The domaine de seailles sauvignon blanc that my server recommended was once again a perfect match. 

In the end, our gift card only covered about half of our meal, but it was worth every penny. Well worth the splurge and a most excellent date night was had by both of us.
I tried to visit Morimoto on a recent visit to Philly but the dinner dining times were very limited. So on this go round, I made an early reservation to ensure that we got in.

From the outside, the restaurant is fairly understated but walking in, I was transported to a very uniquely designed dining room that was the perfect backdrop for a dining experience. The furniture was very clean and white and dim lights with uplighting added a little ambiance. 

We perused the menu and while the duck, duck, duck was calling my name and my friend was debating about ordering the miso cod, we both knew that we were gonna go with the omakase. For $125 for 8 courses, it's a time and financial commitment but we were excited about what was to come.

I love it when I get to try something I've never had before or when common foods are imagined in different ways. Throughout the course of this meal, I found myself thinking that not only was it delicious but several of the courses were very creative. I mean I've had miso black cod a number of times. Each time, the fish just melts in my mouth. This time was no exception but the sweet honey mustard sauce was a perfect complement to the dish. And then, that broth that the toro tartare was sitting in...so rich yet light and a bite of the fatty fish along with the wasabi was amazing. And to finish, we had a sweet milk panna cotta with sake gelee and rhubarb...whhaattt! Incredible, just incredible.

Other dishes included a white fish carpaccio with Japanese snapper, amberjack fish and tuna salad, 
Japanese citrus with pear and mint, sashimi, and their 72h wagyu. The only dish I wasn't crazy about was the cooked amberjack which I found difficult to cut and texturally unappealing.

This was my first omakase experience and Morimoto's was a great place for it.
Morimoto is worthy of the hype, even 8 years after its much-celebrated opening. That's practically forever in restaurant world, especially when you're talking about celeb-driven entities where style is more prized than substance. Nope, the sushi is still to die for here, as is the attentive service (big ups to John, our friendly waiter) and the minimalistic decor that reminds me of being on a Nordic submarine surrounded by penises. (Yes, you read that right. Take a look at the centerpieces on each table and you'll understand what I mean).

The boy and I went on a recent Saturday night, having secured a last-minute reservation on Open Table for 7:45 (score!). We had actually been a few times in the past few years but moved on to other places in the city for our dining enjoyment - how do you think I write so many reviews? But since my birthday weekend was in full swing, I wanted to go to a lovely place where I could eat well without busting out of my dress. I chose Morimoto.

It was buzzing but not packed, lively but not over the top. We were seated promptly and informed (by the affable John) that fugu was on the menu. Since we were celebrating the accomplishment of me making it through another year, it only seemed fitting that we risk our lives by eating a potentially deadly fish. It was delicious, and reminded me of a whisper or a ghost. Try it if you can.

We went straight up sashimi / sushi in our choices and weren't disappointed. For dessert I had the chocolate pot de creme, and rejoiced in the marshmellowy texture of the creme, chocolate and caramelized bananas. 

I know it's my business to buzz around town, trying out different places. But Morimoto has proven itself to be reliable, and that goes a long way in a town built on fickle tastebuds. They've secured a place on my favorites list for sure.
Friends and I relaxed in their upstairs lounge before dinner. It was their Signature Hour (happy hour), and many items were half off.

We enjoyed two drinks: one was a mix of shoji, Domaine de Canton, Sprite, lime, and ginger, fresh and well-done; the other was like a madras, with cranberry pineapple, sour mix, Sprite, and vanilla vodka, somewhat girly but insanely delicious.

Their calamari was surprisingly good, with a tangy sauce and delightfully-airy breading.

Friendly service. A server and bartender met our needs.

Unfortunately we had to leave; we had a reservation to honor elsewhere.
So let me put this out there. It is perfectly ok to go to Morimotos and not get the omakase. Don't let your FOMO (Fear of Missing Out) take over.

People attest to the omakase as being "It is the only way to eat at Morimoto." Nearly every review is a testimony to the omakase, but I am here to tell you that indeed you have options. 

On the night I went, I did not quite want to spend the money on omakase and risk the chance of maybe having one or two not quite up to par dishes. I am a control freak about food and I wanted to make sure each dish was outstanding and wanted control over what I ordered and liked having money to spare for some sake. So we went for the a la carte option (and took some recommendations off Jason C's review, where he provides his best of Morimoto Omakase list), I felt like we made all the right choices...

Here are some of my favorities:

Whitefish Carpaccio ($16)- Dear lord this is my favorite thing ever. Fresh fish (that melts in your mouth), in a wonderful light, yuzu and soy-sauce based vinaigrette. We used that dressing to dip everything else in. 

Black Cod Miso ($26.00), which is a familiar dish if you're from Hawaii, because it is also called Misoyaki Butterfish. Love this dish especially with it's crispy miso-mustard glazed skin.

Miso Honeycake(10.00)- A number of reviewers have remarked that this lacked flavor but I beg to differ. I loved this white miso honeycake with shiso-vanilla bean ice cream. It came with a halo of spun sugar, which took awhile to figure out how to eat it between two people. This is the first time in my life where I actually liked vanilla ice cream because it actually had a taste.

We also ordered the soft shell crab and hamachi rools which were quite good. 

If you're still debating going the omakase vs. a la carte route, also consider this, the omakase typically includes a larger number of cooked dishes and relatively smaller amount of sushi. If you  primarily craving raw fish and sushi, you are probably better off ordering a la carte, in my opinion.

All in all, I can see how Morimoto could be a five star experience. 

I have to echo Lia M's impression of the service staff. Walking in you get the impression that the staff was kinda uppity, yet our server who was great with recommendations although became mostly disinterested when we said we weren't going the omakase route.   I guess going that route helps build a bond with your server. The host wasn't too excited to see us either.  It felt a little intimidating. Despite this, I would say  Morimoto is worth visiting, at least once. I know I might be back to sit at the sleek bar, and just repeatedly order the Whitefish Carpaccio.
From the service to the food. This place was amazing! This place has take Covid restrictions very seriously which I appreciated. Right when we checked in for our reservations they took everyone's temperature. Then we sat at one of their outdoor tables and felt protected from the wind and felt very safe while dining. The service was great and they were very nice about accommodating my two friends that are vegan.
Now the foods! I ordered the king salmon and fresh water eel sushi + waygu udon noodles. The seafood sushi was so fresh and beautiful yum. The waygu udon noodles seem to be on the smaller size since it came in a small bowl but it was super delicious. The char on the beef intensifies the flavor even more. My friend got the waygu bop which they prepared table side :) my friends got veggie rolls and enjoyed theirs as well. We also got a bunch of drinks that were strong and super delicious. This place is pretty expensive but the quality of the food preparation, presentation and service makes it worth the price. I would love to come and try one of their 8 course meals one day!
I absolutely loved our meal at Morimoto. For a special occasion, this place can't be beat. Check out the photos and you'll get an idea of what it's like. 

Definitely get the omakase, or chef's choice tasting menu. Some of the courses may seem small, but after seven of them, you'll be very satisfied. The three levels of omakase, $80, $100, and $120, all have the same quantity of food, but the ingredients are different. The very adventurous will enjoy the $120 menu. We decided to go middle-of-the-road with the $100 menu. 

Since I have some dietary restrictions (no dairy or red meat), four of my course were the same as BF's and three were different. We each had three different fish dishes to start with, then for the entree dishes, he had halibut with a creamy sauce, while I had black cod that was absolutely delicious. When he had lamb chops, I had lobster! It was so exciting to be presented with a surprise dish and hear the description. 

We both were served a sushi sampler, and then for dessert I had the best sorbet I've ever had in my life. It was a trio of chocolate, pear, and coconut. I wish I could buy sorbet like this in the market. 

The quality of the ingredients, the complex flavors, and the beautiful presentation definitely made this meal worth $100. It's a splurge, but if you're only going to have one fancy meal while in Philadelphia, Morimoto is an excellent choice.

***SEE PICS***
As my final dining experience on my Philadelphia vacation/trip, boy, did I go out with a bang. (So to speak.) I found a DEAD MOTH in my entree but I still walked away with a smile! Why? Because by finding a dead bug in my entree, I had scored the fine dining jackpot.

I'm a Food Network nerd who's caught up in the world of celebrity chefs so to be given an opportunity to eat at an Iron Chef's restaurant was more than just a thrill. I knew my experience at this fancy schmancy restaurant would be worth the $$$. (As these are my hard earn dollars being splurged away for edibles!)

The restaurant's atmosphere is that of some 1960's/70's Hollywood idea of a futuristic submarine. The light wood wall curves and the ever changing glowing lights are calming beautiful. I wish that the electric candles could be repositioned on the tables however, but that's small potatoes compared to the overall the aesthetic. Lovely!

We started our evening with appetizers of edamame and rock shrimp tempura while sipping on some Sho Chiku Bai Organic Nama sake. The edamame was typical but they did sprinkle a lot of fleur de sal on top so they could charge $7 for a large plate. The rock shrimp, served with endives, was well seasoned with a tangy sweet sauce. Once could make a meal of just the appetizers as the portions are plenty to go around.

The sake was sweet and light without any sort of harsh bite to it. I could have drank more of it like juice! Luckily, this particular brand of sake is produced at Takara Sake brewery which is located in Berkeley, CA, so I'll be going there soon!

Since we were at a sushi restaurant, we ordered a simple $9 spicy tuna roll. You know you're eating good sushi when you don't even dip it in soy sauce and wasabi. Good fish can stand alone. The meat was creamy and clean in flavor. Wow. So this is what sushi's supposed to taste like. Not that I can eat like this all the time, but it's a good frame of reference whenever I get sushi at Whole Foods for lunch. So not the same thing!

As for the main dishes, after much consideration, I ordered the seafood toban yaki which comes with king crab, shrimps, scallops, New Zealand mussels, baby bok choy and Yuzu butter. Kay ordered the whole fish salad dish (I can't seem to find it on the website's menu) and Ken ordered the Ishi Yaki Buri Bop which was yellowtail on rice prepared at your table in a stone bowl (basically Morimoto's version of bibimbap).

My toban yaki came with a banana leaf wrap of jasmine rice that was a nice touch to my meal had I been able to finish it. The scallops were well cooked and the mussels were delicious, but once I got to the baby bok choy, that's where I found my surprise critter.

At first it didn't register that I had found a bug in my dish. I'm at a super nice restaurant, this kind faux pas NEVER happens. At least not to me. Yeah, it was gross but I'm not that squeamish about bugs (at least it wasn't a cockroach!) but still, I don't want to eat bugs. 

After the shock, came the guilt, gloating and glee. Guilt because I knew that they were going to pay big time for this slip up. Gloating because I knew that they were going to pay big time for this slip up. Glee because I knew that they were going to pay big time for this slip up. I'm at a nice restaurant, they are going to take care of ME.

What followed was an admirable show of grace and excellent service.

I immediately alerted the server that there was a bug and my dish was whisked away without another word. The manager of the night came to my table and apologized profusely, stating that the boy choy was freshly purchased today (hence bugs still crawling around) and that the dish would be removed from my bill. He then gave me a menu and stated that I could order another entree on the house.

Cha-ching. Schadefreude! But it still took some convincing from Ken that I was deserving of ordering something expensive. "It's okay," he said, "You found a bug in your dinner! Other people would be totally making a scene a flipping out right now. They shouldn't serve you bugs. Order whatever you want!"

And so Morimoto Surf and Turf it was! Kobe beef, Maine lobster and Morimoto's signature beer reduction.

...

Wow. 

That and complimentary house sake made for the rest of our main courses quite lovely.

And when it came time for dessert, they also threw in Chestnut Trio (chestnut-brandy ice cream, mont blanc and chestnut truffles) on the house. We also order the Citrus Mille Feuille (Mmm...crispy, tangy and creamy contrast!) and the Kabocha Creme Brulee (pumpkin custard, yogurt whipped cream and currants). Sigh.

Damn good service. Damn good food. And that moth saved me over $100! 

I was very happy.
Let's start with the simple but elegant ambiance and decor of the restaurant.  It was like I was walking into a colorful sea.  The panels around the seats in the middle changes color but at a rate that is not disturbing to the eye.  The wavy walls were beautifully white; which makes the entire room look sleek and clean.  We sat along the walls which are mostly 2 seaters (really is a perfect place for date nights).  The chairs were white and table was neon green; now that I think of it, I wonder if that changed color as well.  I don't remember.  It's not even because of the price of this restaurant; just because this place look so nice and elegant inside, there should be a more strict dress code.  

For drinks, we had the chateau bordeau and a cocktail I can't recall (2 glasses each because it was delicious).  There are 3 types of tasting menus but we opted for the ala carte dining because I know it would be too much food.  But the number of dishes we ordered was pretty much the size of a tasting menu.  I didn't want to order sushi here, so that's a main reason I didn't choose the tasting menu as well.

So we started with the kimomoto (not sure if I spelled it correctly) oysters which I found to be the best oysters i've ever had.  We ended up with 2 plates of oysters because we didn't like the edamame (overcooked and presentation didn't look so good).  The manager was happy to take it back and replace it with another plate of oysters.  The oysters came with 6 on a plate (3 different kinds, thai pepper sauce, ceviche, and one other I can't recall).  I loved them all.  Next came the carpaccio and dumplings.  The dumpling fillings were pulled beef, I think.  It was not bad, interesting filling because I've never tried it this way before.  The carpaccio (salmon) was very smooth, cooked just right with sesame oil sauce, maybe a little spicy kick to the sauce would be a good idea tho.  We also had the special of the night, scallops with congee.  I was surprised to see congee because I've never had it at expensive restaurants before aside from chinatown.  To my surprise, it was delicious and flavorful with just the right consistency.  For those that don't know, congee looks pretty much like oatmeal and is pretty much rice cooked in water.  The scallops were flavorful; not a fan of scallops but they did taste good.

Our main course was the duck duck duck and chilean sea bass.  The duck duck duck came with a bowl of short grain rice with an egg on top.  I had the duck cooked medium rare which was delicious; however, I wish there were less fat between the skin and the meat.  The skin was sooooo good because it was thick and crispy.  The chilean sea bass was cooked just right and flavorful surrounded with some vegetables.  My favorite part was the dessert of course, as usual.  we decided to share because I was really full.  I opted for the burnt honey ice cream with green tea cake.  The cake was moist and tasty, could definitely taste the green tea flavor in there.  The ice cream was out of this world amazing, I love ice cream, wish they sold this in stores.  

The service was wonderful, manager was understanding about us not liking the edamame.

On a side note, when i walked out of the restaurant, I noticed a giant asian lady poster that I thought was kind of freaky and the place could do without LOL, jus my opinion.  Otherwise, I had a fantastic dining experience.  My 100th yelp review, morimoto did it for me.
The anticipation of going to Iron Chef Morimoto's restuarant was completely worth it. I knew we were coming here before we arrived in Philly and heard about this amazing soup. 

The Mister promised me a night out and dinner at Morimoto. He told me that it changed the way he thought about food, so I had really high expectations of what the Iron Chef served in his own kitchen. 

We sat at the bar, even though we could have sat anywhere in this really cool color changing restaurant, I wanted to watch the action happen. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_T2xzR74JqGCTPefAD8Tw?select=_bYjc3LpOHInv0R7i1opwA

I love soup, but in my wildest imagination I could not grasp how good this was. Now that I've tried the soup, I can't imagine ever coming to a Morimoto restaurant and not ordering it. The photos really don't explain the flavor or even show the soup itself, but the taste held it's ground. 

We ordered:

*Dreamy Clouds Rihaku Nigori: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_T2xzR74JqGCTPefAD8Tw?select=Fw7ctKowRPczMEkNG9AZdg
*Lobster Ceviche Salad: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_T2xzR74JqGCTPefAD8Tw?select=9SwXIaVba7CLBy4CuW1f6g
*Sawara- Spanish Makerel, Kanapachi- Amber Jack, Aji- Jackfish: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_T2xzR74JqGCTPefAD8Tw?select=2StqEgClCykT8cz7PKF-UQ
*Albacore: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_T2xzR74JqGCTPefAD8Tw?select=xBbZ7mVkKQK2Jl7D8ki1nA
*Dobin Mushi Soup (MOST AMAZING THING EVER): http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_T2xzR74JqGCTPefAD8Tw?select=wcS-pmGwuuYpMSlzft7B5Q
*Tobiko: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_T2xzR74JqGCTPefAD8Tw?select=61A7ofIQWITKgguspSP4bQ
*Morimoto Sake Sampler: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_T2xzR74JqGCTPefAD8Tw?select=sdaHj5G7JS3Vh3IFK1mFpw

The soup was amazing. I'm really not exaggerating when I tell you that I felt drugged after eating it. I could barely speak, just enjoyed my meal silently savoring each sip and was all about it. Not bad for a $10 soup. 

For dessert we had the Irish Coffee Jelly, Coconut Sorbet, 12yr Yamazahi and Cinnamon Dessert. The texture and flavor were so unique. I never had anything like this. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_T2xzR74JqGCTPefAD8Tw?select=FP_and85g5pooN-Wv5RZ4w

I realize that some people won't understand my review. Fish is fish and soup is soup, but you have not had it like this. I had high expectations of Morimoto, all which were absolutely worth the trip and the money. The inspiration I gain from cooking and eating out was on overload, in the very best way.

So now that I'm back home and hard at work, I have Morimoto Napa to look forward to. I just can't imagine anything getting better than celebrating good times with really good food. 

Thank you very much, I have so much respect for the food, the Chef and everyone who prepared our meal that day.
Who doesn't like Sushi? No one. ... Unless you don't eat Sushi/Sashimi, in which case, I'm not asking you to eat them, but simply appreciate their glory. 

Normally each year on my birthday I take myself out. This year, I decided to treat myself at Morimoto, and ... Oh. My. Goddess!
 
I wanted to have the full experience, so I opted for the Morimoto Omakase, and it was totally worth the splurge: 
Omakase #1 tuna fish: Toro Tuna Tartare - Pretty spectacular!
Omakase #2 Whitefish carpaccio with chili oil - Mouth watering.
Omakase #3 Sashimi salad with swordfish and greens- Very good.
Omakase #4 Miso black cod- Blow my mind with deliciousness. 
Omakase #5 skate - Surprisingly I enjoyed it.
Omakase #6 Selection of Nigiri assortment. Oh la la.
Omakase #7coconut sorbet for desert (birthday treat)
Omakase #8 orange tart and ginger pear dessert - A.M.A.Z.I, N.G!

I enjoyed my contemporary meal, with the extraordinary service at a relaxing ambiance. It was a special treat.
Five Yelps.
Hands down, one of the top 5 places I've dined. The service is ALWAYS amazing, as is the food. Highly recommend the tofu miso soup, and the yellowtail tartare is an absolute must! The flavor is mind blowing! Annnnnd the desert....oh my gosh! You have to get the chocolate cake with cherry sauce. You'll thank me I promise!
We came here on a friend's recommendation, since we only had one night in Philly. Many fellow Yelpers praise Starr restaurants (almost all of them located in Philly), and this one's no exception. 

Morimoto offers up a trendy atmosphere amidst some more classic Olde City pubs and restaurants nearby on Chestnut Street. Their entrees were bursting with flavor, and other plate accompaniments nicely complimented the main course. In addition to sushi, hot and cold apps, and a few noodle dishes, they also offer a chef's tasting menu of over seven courses, each paired with saki... Maybe next time! 

Seafood toban yaki (prawns, king crab, scallops, bok choy, mushrooms, and sticky rice) is your go-to dish if you crave shellfish, although I found the citrus-butter based sauce a bit overpowering. I had a taste of the arctic char and "duck duck duck" (roasted & seared duck, duck fried rice, and a poached duck egg) but found the latter to be extremely small. The waiter told us it was an eight-ounce cut of duck, but I'd be be surprised if it topped four. The seafood toban yaki was definitely the most generous dish of the three... 

The atmosphere was "svelte" and our waiter really knew his way around their intricate menu. He offered us many chef suggestions when we questioned various dishes (pierce the duck egg and let the yolk permeate the rice, dip the sticky rice into their spicy mayo!). Unfortunately, for dinner, the portions were small, and while they were very tasty, it was a shame they couldn't at least include some (more) of the included rice and/or veggies to at last satisfy three hungry New Yorkers! 

While the overall dining experience was top-notch, something should be said about some of the minuscule portions they serve here. Trust me, I'm all about quality over quantity, and when you're ordering lunch or some small plates from a place like this, I would never expect to order one and leave full, but I think the dinner menu (or at least two of the three items we ordered) could be a bit more substantial for the prices paid. That being said, this place definitely lives up to the Starr name, but I think we'll try others out before returning here...
A short cab ride from the hotel, we arrived Morimoto's. The white exterior and gradual luminescence effect of the entrance reminded me of Agape Substance. To think that the restaurant has been around for almost 10 years I was wondering why it took me so long to go there. The restaurant was a contrast of white lighted with different colors and wood. 

I requested for a table at the bar so we could watch the chefs in action. Where we were seated it was a good view of everything. We started with a cocktail gin and yuzu a very refreshing drink and an interesting flavor from the yuzu that was distinct. We also ordered a sake to go with the 8 course dinner. 

1st course was the toro tartare - mixed with fried shallots it was moulded in a cylinderical ring topped with some osetra caviar, around it was a soy-mirin sauce. The softness of the fish was contrasted with the crunchy caramelized flavor of the shallots. I enjoyed the flavors in the soy-mirin sauce that balanced the salt and sweet.

2nd course was a trio of Kumamoto oysters from Washington - each one topped with a different flavors starting with the gentle slightly jazzy Japanese orange salsa, the citrus cilantro ceviche had more punch and lastly finished with the stronger elements of fish sauce and jalapeno. I wished the oysters were bigger and perhaps not quite in season but Kumamoto's unique sweet brine was distinct.

3rd course was the whitefish carpaccio - while the fresh fish slices marinated in the yuzu-citrus soy mix and aromatic herbs of garlic, ginger and chives, it was finished Cantonese style with smoking hot oil. The treatment gave the fish an infused smokiness, together with the soy mix and aromatic herbs it was a very delectable dish.

4th course was the sashimi salad - fresh firm slices of yellowfin tuna cleverly paired with mixed green in a yuzu vinagrette. The yuzu, a gentle citrus flavor went blended well in a creamy sauce that was left you wanting more.

At the intermezzo we had a palate cleanser of strawberry-ume-shiso soda it was an interesting palate cleanser using the Japanese plum that was salty and sour flavor.

5th course was the lobster epice - again I would say it was a Cantonese style dry rubbed spices on the lobster then a flash fry in deep hot oil, resulting in a nice smokiness and char from the spices yet leaving the lobster meat tender and juicy. The lobster itself was so good perhaps it didnt really need the western accompaniment of a chive cream. I missed the Singapore black pepper crab made this way but this lobster was a refined dish of that. Very tasty!

6th course was the Australian Waygu - we upgraded from American Kobe, the four slices of Australian Wagyu served raw with an oiled hot plate that the wagyu was barely swished a few times the condiments were a miso sauce and smoked sea salt fumakake it was so simple yet filled with rich flavors and textures. Of course I loved it.

7th course was an assortment of 5 nigiri sushi - premium quality fish slices were used in the nigiris there were Chutoro, stripe skip jack fish, orange clam, regular tuna and regular skip jack fish. This is what I call sushi!

Last but least our 8th and final crouse was a Japanese cheesecake with peach compote and blueberry. The cheesecake was light and airy unlike the heavy ultra sweet American version the texture had an interesting quality that made you want more of it. I loved this cheesecake.

Overall, we were very happy with the experience especially the food. For a $120 Omakase a well composed menu, we had many very high quality ingredients, something that was lacking in many overpriced Chef Tasting menus. The only gripe I had was that main server did not come across very sincere and had a slight attitude which was not pleasant. The other staff who served us at some point of the dinner were all very nice.
Morimoto Philadelphia was not flawless...damn close but not flawless. So why 5 stars?

Execution, Execution, Execution!

From the time we arrived to the time we left, neither of us wanted for anything. My wife and I never had that "Spoiler" moment where we wished something was done better.

So let me put the less than flawless bits to bed. The Fugu appetizer and course #7 of the Morimoto Omakase (nigiri sushi) we're not as fresh as Morimoto should be serving. The Fugu was stuck to the banana leaf base and dry, it was tasty and well presented but not to the standard expected. The nigiri was likewise drier than this caliper of dining requires. What pray tell could overcome such challenges to propel our dining experience back to 5 stars?

It wasn't the Miami Vice neon colors and decor (Bit dated but still works, I was wondering if Crockett and Tubbs would be strutting in with Glen Frey). It was the execution orchestrated by our server Leslie; she was on-time like a Swiss watch! She managed the delivery of my Omakase and my wife's a la carte selections with perfect timing, understood the menu implicitly and offered excellent guidance on our choices including my wine selection for dinner (I'm a wine snob and not easily impressed).

Highlights: Course #1 Toro Tartare w/Gold leaf had delicious complementing flavors and textures, Course #3 Hotate Carpacio...OMG the complexity on the pallet was over the top and Course #6 Japanese Wagyu w/Shitake Mushrooms...yes real Wagyu is THAT GOOD!

We'll done Morimoto Philedelphia, we'll see you the next time!

Cheers!
This was one of the best meals of my life. Not only was it a delicious omakase/chef's choice tasting menu, but the service and ambiance were impeccable, too. We had the chance to go here during Valentine's Day weekend and were overjoyed with a 5:15 PM sushi bar reservation. I recommend everyone make a reservation well in advance because this place fills up quickly. The hostesses will also wait until the exact reservation time to seat you, so no need to come early. We chose the sushi bar because it is best to see how your food is being prepared. I love to engage in conversation with the sushi chefs and better understand the elements of each meal. I would advise everyone to do this if this is their first time at Morimoto.

Morimoto is one of many of Iron Chef Masaharu Morimoto's restaurants around the world, but the closest one to me, so to say I was excited is an understatement. The restaurant is beautifully decorated: clean, white chairs and floors with protruding -- what I think are meant to be -- waves along the walls. The most unique feature is the walls separating each booth/table change colors almost every hour. As I entered, they were purple and pink, but later on in the evening, they were green and yellow (see pictures). The service at this restaurant is also just as great. Servers are trained thoroughly so they can explain the entire menu and answer any questions you may have. They will even take your coat and provide you with a purse hook for the table.

As mentioned, we opted for the omakase tasting menu instead of a la carte dishes. I can easily order quality sushi at several places back in the DMV area, so I wanted a different experience. What better to finally experience omakase? We received 7 courses in the following order:

1. Yellowtail tartare with caviar in ponzu. Wasabi was on the side for alternating bites and a Yamamoto berry was present for a final palate cleanser for the next meal. This tartare was composed of not only yellowtail chunks, but also crispy rice and garlic. Everything was hand-mixed and molded for easy spooning. There were textural contrasts that really made me happy. I would go back for a larger portion or many small portions of this for appetizer. 

2. Whitefish carpaccio with citrus soy sauce, olive oil, fried garlic, and microgreens. Silky, buttery, rich, and melt-in-your-mouth good. 

3. Spanish mackerel salad with sliced cherry tomatoes, greens, and caramelized onions. The mackerel was half-cooked (the way it should always be served), so it was not too fishy. Veggies were a good balance to the fish. Overall, very light and tasty. My least favorite course, but only because the other courses were spectacular.

4. Sea scallop with chestnut puree. A perfectly cooked scallop (sadly, there was just one) in a unique chestnut puree that was buttery and rich. 

5. Rabbit leg with curry foam, hot dashi, and pickled butternut squash. I had never had rabbit prior to this meal, so it was a very unique experience. Rabbit tastes like a softer pork. The curry foam was a molecular gastronomy touch that I very much appreciated because it gave the light meat a tad of spice. Hot dashi was savory and had lots of umami. Pickled butternut squash rounded out all flavors.

6. Sushi sampler: bluefin tuna, striped amberjack, fluke, Hokkaido herring, and orange clam nigiri. Because of the endangered status of bluefin tuna, I haven't had many opportunities to try it and was quite pleased with its inclusion in the sampler. My favorite was probably the fluke, which had shiso leaf in between the fish and rice for a peppery touch. Delicious!

7. Dessert: flourless chocolate, vanilla, and passion fruit cake with blood orange puree and coconut caviar. Light, texturally appealing, and not too sweet. I would've wanted a whole cake of this kind. 

It was a shame Morimoto was not there, but it appears he comes only once every 6 months. Currently, he is in Dubai overseeing the construction of his newest restaurant. If I were to return to Morimoto, I would go the a la carte route now that I know which dishes are excellent. 

I felt very pampered and happy. 5-star experience.
An important food lesson was reemphasized with my visit to Morimoto.  Food can be sexy, delicious and amazing in many creative ways but the food that speaks to your soul is unique only to you, your preferences and influenced by how you grew up.

Without a doubt, the food at Morimoto is art that encompasses all of your senses - visually pleasing, smells amazing, texture, taste and sound (stretching it on the sound).  After all he is an iron chef and to get to where he's at he needed to excel in food in the most creative artful way possible.

The omakase comes in three different level hits to your wallet, $$$, $$$$ and $$$$$.  You get the same eight courses but the level of ingredients differed.  I was only feeling $$$$ that night but requested that uni be included in my course in some way shape or form.  What can I say, I'm going through a phase :-)

The eight courses lived up to his philosphy of bold and integrative flavors.  I have absolutely no complaints, his vision was represented exactly the way he would have wanted.  The ambience and service matched the theme of sexy and contemporary.  There's a bustle and electricity that filled that air as the evening continued on.

Everything was great except it wasn't the experience for me when I go out for Japanese omakase.  The philosphy of traditional Japanese food is simple and nurturing, taking the time to appreciate the simple beauty and harmony of all the ingredients and dishes.  The servers knew the basic line and descriptions for each dish but they didn't really understand the concept behind the dish.  

It was a great meal but it didn't speak to my soul and I think that says more about me than Morimoto himself.  Goes to show you that you can be the best chef and raved by all, serve delicious food and still not please everybody.  Maybe I'm just too difficult to please. . .  :-P

SIDE NOTE: I was told that he visits his Philadelphia restaurant every 4-5 weeks or so!!!
Morimoto continues to rock my palate! 

If you've been to Japan and experienced an omakase in a serious ryokan, it's an exquisite experience and few restos have provided this environment for me in the States.  Enter Morimoto.   My last meal (the classic omakase)  here takes this experience to the level of  kaiseki ryori (haute Japanese dining).    Morimoto's chefs take this style of dining to creative heights.  It's a stunner of a meal, subtle and simple in its presentation and taste, layers deep as the sensor cells on your tongue  pick up on the kitchen's secret undernotes:  ginger, citrus, shiso, ponzu, sake, chantrelles, wine, butter, shoyu, mushroom, garlic, sesame, seaweed, cream,  all  orchestrated on a plate of Art.

Here are some photos of the meal.  The dinner was a joyous procession of dishes that elated my soul.  The finale taking you back to what a unique experience it is to savor the best sushi Morimoto can provide:  ultimately fresh, subtle, simple, classic. At the end of the sushi sampler, I closed my eyes and realized I've only this sushi experience in Seattle and in Japan. 

The decor.  I've mentioned before that if you like science fiction film, you may think this is a Kubrick set, like Clockwork Orange or 2001: Space Odyssey.  Some Yelpers are bothered by it, but I think it's not only beautiful, it's symbolic:  that the food here is modern Japanese, so modern that the ambience doesn't distract you but really creates this frame; a focus,  so that the diner hones in on the food and inventiveness of the chef.

Love it here.

Keep coming back.



Visits:  5

Tip:  The omakase is a 2.5 hour meal so if you don't have the time, not recommended.  There are also wine and sake or just sake pairings.  There is also a larger set of dishes for another omakase but honestly 8 dishes (albeit small for the most part) filled me up to the brim.
I know I'm crazy, but if I was on death row, I'd want my last meal to be from here.
Sounds nutty from a guy who eats out practically every day at way-too-expensive to hole-in-the-wall joints in NYC, but I truly like the food here b/c it really reflects my 50/50 east/west personality in food form.

I've been here so many times to the point I've met Morimoto on several occasions and even have an autographed menu.  But it's not the star power that makes me like this place.  I really enjoy the fact the food here is tasty, well-balanced, well-priced and strikes that perfect mix of east and west.  

I've tried all versions of the omakase here and all of them have been more than satisfying.  But beyond that there are a couple of entrees that I've made a point of getting in my subsequent visits.  These are the seafood toban yaki and the steak.  The former is just a savory, satisfying seafood stew simmered in a sake based sauce.  The result is pure heaven (for me).  The broth is not overpowering and the quality of the seafood (as you would expect here) is absolutely top notch.  

As for the latter - the steak is honestly my favorite thing to eat.  Why would I love the steak here in favor of NYC icons like Peter Luger?  First off this is not the same kind of steak.  It would not be fair to compare a strip steak here with a porterhouse.  I just personally love the experience and the flavor of this dish, thanks to the perfectly charred and crusted meat, the subtle soy/wasabi dipping sauce that accompanies it.  The flavors blend so well, it almost tastes like you're eating a steak sushi.  It's just divine.  Add to that some tasty veggie tempura on the side and you have that rare, tasty fusion of east and west that so many other restaurants try hard to emulate, but fail in the execution.

The sushi here speaks for itself.  The fish is fresh and the specials are often excellent.  On our last visit, the Kazuo tuna was the featured fish (which really excited me since I don't often come across this type of tuna - usually it's your standard Maguro or Toro).  The texture of the fish was excellent - fresh with a hint of smokiness that gives this tuna its unique personality.  In addition I usually make a point of getting a few rolls - usually the eel, soft shell crab and conventional tuna (just so I can sample the freshness) - and they never disappoint.

I also make a point of ordering the Morimoto sashimi appetizer.  5 straightforward choices (Maguro, Tuna, Yellowtail, Salmon, Crab) with a side of 2 sauces.  Yes it's 25 bucks (which translates into 2.50 per tiny bite) but trust me, it's worth it.  The amazing textures and flavors at play here are worth the cost, which in the greater scheme of things isn't that much.  I can say the same food at inferior restaurants in NYC would often cost more than what you pay here.

As for dessert - I remember they used to have a TON of early issues due to the lack of a decent pastry chef.  In recent years that has changed and their desserts have improved infinitely.  I'm glad to see they have kept standards up - on our last visit we had the red bean/green tea tres leches which was one of the tastiest desserts I've had in a long time.  I also had the black sesame chocolate mousse cake which was excellent.  But the former is definitely a must try at your next visit (assuming it's still there).

All in all I love the place.  After eating there all these years, I"m glad to see they haven't lost a step.  In terms of the overall experience, price, quality and taste of the food, this place will remain my favorite place to eat until something else comes along.
Morimoto has the uber-chic, trendy atmosphere that I love, but here, that comes with the uppity service that I hate, which is not always the case at a restaurant like this.  Hosts were not friendly.  The server's attitude was that of "If you have questions about the menu, I don't care to answer, and if you aren't spending hundreds of dollars, I don't care to be friendly".  You know that saying of "looking down your nose at someone"?  That's exactly how I felt with our server here (once it was obvious that our bill was only going be in the low hundreds).  The only good thing about our server was that she knew correct service style and placement. 
 
The food was very good, with the whitefish carpaccio with yuzu being the favorite.  It really does melt-in-your-mouth (as did the other dishes) and I recommend eating the pea shoot accompaniment with the sauce as well.  My hamachi rolls were mostly hamachi, which is appreciated.  I love black cod, and this version, paired with a miso mustard, disappeared quickly.  It's obvious that all of the fish here is super fresh and tasty, and I would expect nothing less.  The carafe of sake held a decent amount, and the one we chose went well with our entire order.  Dessert was great--miso honeycake with shiso, vanilla ice cream, fruit compote, and spun sugar.  Honeycake was delicious and the vanilla ice cream rich and flavorful.  Yet, for as tasty as the food was, I remain underwhelmed.    

Dim lighting, sleek design, and ambient music are nice touches, but awful service and paying for a name brand didn't impress me.  There are better restaurants to choose from in Philadelphia.
Came here for lunch with the girlfriend to celebrate my birthday.  We were seated at the sushi bar. I decided on the omakase and she ordered the wagyu dumplings, sashimi set w/ pork belly ramen, and an order of the Japanese A5 wagyu nigiri. I tried all of her items except for the wagyu nigiri. They were amazing. As for the wagyu nigiri, my girlfriend was almost in tears. That's how much she enjoyed it. 

My meal ended up being seven courses. My favorites were the whitefish carpaccio, yellowtail tartare, medium fatty tuna, and banana panna cotta. All the items I had were delicious though. I was afraid the lunch omakase would be lacking, but ended up just the right amount of fullness after my meal. 

Service was very good. Our main server (bald guy, forgot his name. Sorry!) was incredibly friendly and informative. Drinks were always topped off and I noticed he made sure to align my dessert course with my date's dessert that she ordered.  Awesome experience overall!  Would be interested in visiting more of Morimoto's restaurants and this one again as well.
For almost as long as we've been dating, the girlfriend had been raving about Morimoto.  I finally got my chance to see what all the raving was about as we had dinner reservations for an early Sunday evening.  We arrived at the restaurant at our appointed time.  Morimoto is a striking looking place with its wood floors, undulating wood ceiling, and ultra-modern furnishings.  We asked to be seated at the sushi bar in order to have front row seats to see our food being prepared to which the hostess graciously agreed and led us to our seats.  The sushi bar in the back of the room is in stark contrast to the rest of the place in its simplicity.  For what it's worth, the sushi chefs were actually Japanese and speaking their native language as they worked behind the bar.  I don't know if that made them any better at their craft, but after watching "Jiro Dreams of Sushi", I figured it didn't hurt.

We opted for the omakase meal.  To accompany our meal, we wanted a bottle of sake and after looking over the short, but quality, list, we opted for the Matsukura Dewatsuru Tokubetsu Junmai.  It was dry, crisp, with marshmallow notes.  Pictures being worth a thousand words, here's what we had...

First Course:  Toro Tartare with fresh wasabi and osetra caviar. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/morimoto-philadelphia?select=btEeMw6n9bdF8HzYNV-o_A#btEeMw6n9bdF8HzYNV-o_A 

Second Course:  Kumamoto Oysters with Japanese orange salsa, citrus cilantro ceviche & Thai fish sauce with jalapeno. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/morimoto-philadelphia?select=XYX01EgzERLJH7ZoSz0e3w#XYX01EgzERLJH7ZoSz0e3w 

Third Course:  Scallop Carpaccio with sea urchin, garlic, ginger, mitsuba & chives, dressed with yuzu citrus soy. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/morimoto-philadelphia?select=Bg9B_5gn_4CFccjPRea6Eg#Bg9B_5gn_4CFccjPRea6Eg 

Fourth Course:  Chef's Selection of Sashimi. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/morimoto-philadelphia?select=xQ-PhdGf7WyiwpKzqNEheQ#xQ-PhdGf7WyiwpKzqNEheQ 

Intermezzo...Sour cherry-blossom soda

Fifth Course:  Lobster epice:  Chef Morimoto's Eight Spice Lobster with citrus crème fraiche and fresh chives. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/morimoto-philadelphia?select=sQWWD1OmUFrfSJgrZT4-Mw#sQWWD1OmUFrfSJgrZT4-Mw 

Sixth Course:  Japanese Wagyu seared a la plancha with a frisee salad and Asian pear. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/morimoto-philadelphia?select=AAECAoG1KoCNW644AdPGJQ#AAECAoG1KoCNW644AdPGJQ 

Seventh Course:  Chef's Selection of Sushi. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/morimoto-philadelphia?select=wyzkGjvyD88MuGxjp8koSA#wyzkGjvyD88MuGxjp8koSA 

Dessert:  Cherry-Blossom Cheesecake with a green tea-graham cracker crumble. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/morimoto-philadelphia?select=NOGkAurMU5cx3Fyr-ZmDFA#NOGkAurMU5cx3Fyr-ZmDFA 

We closed out our meal with a pair of cocktails.  I had the Kabocha Bourbon and it seemed to be their twist on a Bourbon Swizzle using kabocha squash puree.  It was a nice drink.  The girlfriend's Karai was a silver tequila-based drink make with Calpico, grapefruit juice, and jalapeno syrup.  It, too, was a good drink, but I liked mine better.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/morimoto-philadelphia?select=iDERCfX0GQWTK26klf_dDA#iDERCfX0GQWTK26klf_dDA 

The omakase meal was very pricey, but it was certainly the way to go to get the full Morimoto experience.  From the quality of ingredients (i.e. real, fresh ground wasabi, A5 wagyu), the freshness of the fish, the flawless execution, and the attention to detail in its beautifully refined, but not overdone presentation, and impeccable service, I felt like a judge on Iron Chef America.  Did Morimoto live up to my girlfriend's hype?  In my mind, that would be a big "HELL, YEAH!!!"
Forever and a day my girlfriend and I have been huge Iron Chef fans. We often marvel at Chef Morimoto's skill and the dishes he comes up with on the show. We never ever thought we would have the chance to actually dine at one of his restaurants. This weekend we traveled to Philadelphia and I just happened to come across this restaurants as I was trying to find a special place to celebrate my girlfriend's birthday. I called and was lucky enough to make reservations. From the minute we arrived we were treated like a million dollars. Our server was Alejandra, she was tremendous. She expertly took us through the menu and she was so personable. Even suggested some sake which would pair with my food and my taste. For starters we had the Salmon carpaccio, it was out of this world. Sliced so thinly and yet packed with flavor. My girlfriend ordered the Miso soup, I am normally not a fan but I tasted it and it was good. For our entrees I had the 12 oz. American NY strip served with the Caulilini Gomaae which essentially was cauliflower fried with bread crumbs. I love cauliflower but this side was outrageously good. The best I ever had!!! My girlfriend had the Kalbi lamb chops with the Wasabi fried rice. The chops were cooked perfectly and the fried rice was so good. The Wasabi have the rice an amazing flavor. At first I thought it would be too hot but it wasn't. She loved it. Since we were celebrating a birthday we had to get dessert and boy was I so glad we left room for dessert- we ordered the Fiery Chocolate. The Fiery Chocolate is flourless chocolate cake, raspberry ice cream, toasted meringue, sesame. Bottom line if you come here, you have to order this dessert. It was unbelievable, I could eat this every day. The dessert was served, they poured a cup of grain alcohol over the chocolate sphere and as it melted it exposed the chocolate cake. What an amazing display which tasted even better. The whole meal was perfect, if I could give 10 stars I would.
The food here is amazing! I stayed with Morimoto's signature dishes for a true experience. The seating area is very classy. I came in for lunch and felt under dressed. 

Parking: if you drive here, you will spend $15-$30 for parking. That is the one thing that will keep me from being a regular. There are parking garage/lots on both sides of the restaurant.

Miso soup was indescribably delicious. I have miso soup a couple of days a week, but this soup was so flavorful and balanced. Big chunks of tofu, and sliced green onions. I felt like Morimoto must use a special Dashi for the taste.

Side salad was fresh and crisp with a lite drizzle of dressing. The Black Cod was soaked with n a miso paste. Tender and flavorful. The wasabi fried rice is something I want to try at home, with Morimoto cookbook as a guide.

The waiter convinced me to have desert. The Soba beer ice cream dish was perfect. Sooooo good! A great experience!
Fine Dining for sushi , I'll take it! The Sashimi melts in your mouth. My favorite is the salmon sashimi.. excellent texture.
Stephen Starr's restaurants do impress, and Morimoto is no exception. The restaurant's appearance is nothing short of dazzling, from the striking Japanese-influenced exterior, to the prominent sculpture inside. Not only is the restaurant attractive - their decor is a soothing ocean of dark, undulating images - the dishes follow suit.

This is the original Morimoto - at least one other is in New York City. Amusingly, we met Chef Morimoto the night we were there - "the original Morimoto", get it?

Friends and I had dinner here awhile back. While not a bad date place, their food wasn't exactly uber-memorable[1]. In fact, I don't remember what I had... in any event, service was fine. Next time I'm here, assuming I don't get the omakase (tasting menu; highly recommended by many), I'll probably go for the braised kobe beef and jumbo shrimp in wasabi aioli ($36).

[1] Wondering how I remember the food LOOKED good? Well I took photos, didn't I?
My boyfriend and I came to celebrate our 2-year anniversary a while ago. Honestly, I don't have much to add that hasn't already been said about Morimoto. I'm generally wary about super fancy and expensive restaurants because my biggest fear is tiny, overpriced, mediocre-quality dishes (i.e. THE FEAR OF LEAVING HUNGRY, cue Halloween scream). But rest assured, that won't happen at Morimoto.

Note: The cuisine is definitely Japanese FUSION, and they don't market themselves otherwise - don't come here expecting 100% authentic Japanese food. I've been rolling my eyes at a few reviews complaining about authenticity. 

For the rest of us who love fusion foods, this place is a dream. The Grilled Foie Gras & Eel appetizer and the Duck Duck Duck are excellent mixes of Asian and French flavors. The Duck Duck Duck is very rich and filling; I still dream about the warm, savory duck comfit. I usually don't eat duck meat because it can be fatty, but the chefs are skilled in rendering out the fat so the meat is lean, tender, but still indulgent. The Uni Crispy Rice is the perfect foray into uni, for those of us who haven't been brave enough to try uni before, highly recommend! My boyfriend loved the Crispy Rainbow Trout, keeping with his trend in ordering whole-fish entrees. Don't let the whole fish deter you, it's been completely de-boned! The Chinese spices are present, but mild, so don't be afraid to order this if you usually shy away from spicy dishes.

HIGHLIGHT (90% of the reason I returned to write a review): DESSERT. We ordered the Black Forest, and it was incredibly unique - I haven't found a competitor in almost a year. The presentation was gorgeous, see pics since words can't do it justice. The chocolate mousse cake is topped with a hollow chocolate log filled with a rich, tart cherry sauce - when you break open the chocolate log, the cherry sauce drizzles all over the cake! The rich dark chocolate bitterness is well-balanced with the tarte cherry sauce and light vanilla ice cream. This dessert is definitely enough for 2 (and this is coming from the dessert monster), rich enough so you'll feel properly indulged, but not sickeningly sweet so you feel sweeted-out afterwards.

The one thing I wish we had passed on was the sake. We ordered an entire sake flask, which is REALLY expensive (think $50 - $200), and I kind of felt like the waiter pressured us into ordering it. He kept saying how unique and high-quality the sake is, since the brand was created by the Iron Chef himself. The sake list describes many beautiful floral flavors, but I definitely felt like a huge sucker when I actually tasted it. I forgot exactly which sake we ordered, but I couldn't taste the subtle flavors apart from a generic floral aroma, since the alcohol flavor overtook it all. I'm no connoisseur, but I personally enjoyed the $10 sake I got from the liquor store more. Might be worth it for sake snobs, but I'd recommend passing for everyone else.

Overall, excellent experience. I've definitely recommended this place to friends. I'd be interested in returning to try out the lunch special at some point, as a more affordable way to enjoy the delightful food here.
Although it's been around for over a decade, Morimoto continues to epitomize Philadelphia's emergence as a dining mecca. As someone who's dined at many impressive places in both the US and overseas, I felt Morimoto executed everything at the highest level, whether the food, service, or decor, all while simultaneously managing to be casual, accessible, modern, and elegant.

I went with a hot date recently, and Morimoto rose to the occasion. We each opted for one of the middle-priced options on the omakase menu. Dishes ranged from raw items like sushi, sashimi, and tartare at the outset to substantial portions of heated items like kobe beef, salmon, and lobster towards the end, plus smaller dessert-like items to serve as palate cleansers along the way. Although the sticker price for the omakase seemes spendy at first, we actually felt it was great value given the sheer quantity and quality of what we were served. You could easily spend a lot more if you ordered the same items on an a la carte basis. 

Our server was exceptionally courteous, helpful, and professional while managing to be casual, approachable, and unobtrusive at the same time. We sat at the sushi bar, where we had a front-row seat to what was being prepared for us. If you're there for business, there's a variety of walled-off, semi-private booths filling up the middle of the restaurant. The entire space is modern and sophisticated with mood lighting that gradually shifts over the course of the evening.

Highly recommended for business or pleasure, even if you have to make a detour from NYC or DC - or even a special trip from somewhere further away - just to get there.
Two Iron Chef restaurants in a few days! That's what happens when you're on vacation & in such a great foodie city such as Philly! Morimoto was the first stop - we decided to dine here during lunch just to save a few dollars because everyone knows...dinner at these types of places are NOT cheap. 

During the weekdays, lunch is served from 11:30am-2pm and then they close for a few hours and reopen for dinner from 5-10pm. (Friday Dinner 5pm-midnight.) Weekends they only do dinner - Saturday 5pm- midnight, Sunday 5pm-10pm. 

The decor is extremely modern; you'll have to see my pictures. The lighting changes colors every few minutes (underneath and around the seating areas - from green, to red, to purple, and blue.) Very trendy. You may also giggle at the phallic shaped lights at each table. I did. It's not so much a formal place, but very funky/cool/ and definitely different.

Service was amazing; very attentive staff. 

My boyfriend had the "OH-TORO FATTY TUNA ROLL." Nuff said. I didn't even try it because I wanted him to enjoy it and his lunch was smaller than mine. I had the "BEEF GYUDON - RICE, ONION, GINGER, SOFT BOILED EGG." Sorry that these are in caps; I just copied and pasted directly from their menu online. My dish was delicious; especially the egg, OMG it was perfection. My lunch also came with Miso Soup & Salad. If we ever dine here again, I will definitely go for the Morimoto Omakase ("Chef's Choice" Tasting Menu...I think that would be the only way to get the full experience and appreciation of a place such as this. Presentation of everything was great, as I expected.

I definitely recommend!
My intentons on ordering a cheap dish and getting away with an Iron Chef restaurant experience were completely shattered by Cameron B....who coaxed 2 others to shell out the $120 dough for the omakase ($150 w/o drinks after tax+tip). *damn you cameron*

OOmph.  I clenched my teeth as I felt somewhat-forcibly complying with the two others in ordering something I was extremely reluctant to eat.

Although the server will make the omakase seem like something that the chef thinks up of on the spot, it really isn't.  Most of the items that I got in the omakase are straight from the menu and are in line with the items that were posted on yelp reviews (although there may be small differences in sauces/presentations etc).

Notable food (or things I would like to write about).

1) Toro tartare (3*)- in contrast to those who posted stellar reviews of the toro tartare, I found this dish to be subpar.  The color was dark red (as opposed to a slightly less reddish hue that you would find in toro).  In addition,  I did not find an even distribution of fat throughout the minced toro and at one point questioned whether or not this was really toro, chu-toro (mid-fatty tuna), or just regular tuna.  My guess is that at best...this was a very low grade toro. The toro was minced and placed into a cube-like shape with soy sauce at the base.  I found it quite difficult to get the toro on my fork without getting significant amounts of the fish completely immersed in the soy sauce (which ultimately made everything salty).

2) Whitefish Carpaccio (4.5*)- the highlight dish of the night.  The best way to describe this is that is is a whitefish version of ahi tuna (slightly grilled on the surface and raw inside).  The mix of oil &  soysauce gliding through the grilled and raw portions of the fish in your mouth will bring delightful confusion as to what exactly it is that one is eating.  If I had one qualm, it would be that substandard whitefish was used for this dish.  Despite that fact, they were somehow able to prepare this dish to a level that would otherwise be very difficult considering its quality. 2  thumbs up for Morimoto.

3) Kobe Beef (5*) - was this really kobe beef or just wagyu meat?  That I'm unsure.  But I can say this is one of the best meat preparations that I have tried in the United States.  The meat was prepared in a braised beef-rib style.  Every time the fork went into the meat, the beef would shred in strips--  which is indicative of very high quality marbled meat with an even fat distribution.  

4) Duck and Foie Gras (4*) - the server noticed that I was initially interested in a duck dish and placed a request for duck (without me knowing of it).  Because the cost of the substitute duck is cheaper than what I was supposed to receive, I received the roasted foie gras as well.  The duck was prepared in an ahi-tuna fashion (I guess it's a recurring theme at the restaurant).  The roasted Foie Gras was what I would have received a good french restaurants (and didn't have elements of Asian fusion cuisine).  Very solid dishes, but was overshadowed by the whitefish carpaccio and kobe beef.

5) Lobster, sushi, and dessert - 2*.  Absolutely nothing special about these dishes. I could do better at most $$$  yelp restaurants at 1/2 the price.

In summary, it breaks my heart to give this restaurant a 4* but alas  I must.  There were too many dishes on the omakase (lobster, the dried-out sushi, and a potato?cake that compares to what  I could find in a prepackaged snacks section in a Japanese grocery store) that I felt were substandard to warrant a 5*.  

For those who are thinking of going to Morimoto I strongly urge you to go a la carte and select out the best dishes from the omakase. They are:

1) Kobe Beef
2) Whitefish Carpaccio
3) Foie Gras
4) Duck Duck Duck.

And lastly, I notice a lot of reviews on yelp complaining about the quality of the sushi and traditional Japanese food at Morimoto.  You have to remember that Iron Chef Morimoto was never known for authentic Japanese cuisine, but through his skill to artfully blend the elements Eastern and Western cooking.  Stick to what he does best and go with the fusion entrees.  For authentic Japanese food and sushi go elsewhere :)
It's been almost a year since I last stopped by Morimoto for dinner. We opted for another chef's tasting menu--the 120 edition. What I loved was that the waiter asked if we'd like a similar experience to the last time we had the tasting menu or some new dishes. Impressed that the restaurant would even be so considerate as to offer a "new" tasting menu, we said, "Sure, throw something new at us."

To be honest, I preferred the dishes from the last time's menu better. The original tasting menu felt more true to original Japanese cuisine, with quality that depended on freshness. 

Here's what I think about the updated tasting menu: The ingredients were more luxurious, the dishes were more complex and had more interesting, daring combinations (think uni+sesame tofu and salmon+yogurt+parmesan brulee--yeah, like crème brulee, but with parmesan). It seemed like less food, though. Some of the dishes were the same, though, including the sushi, short rib steak (drool!), and dessert. Of course, everything was still delicious and top-quality.

Morimoto's still the man.
As many of the posted messages found on this site that go on and on about how wonderful Morimoto is and their service, if not for my last visit  I would have been producing another carbon copy of praises to this restaurant.  

Please see order of events below:

Starting Chronometer:

0 minutes, 0 hours
Arrived and promptly seated;

15 minutes, 0 hours
Waiter arrives and takes beverage order and delivers drinks.

20 minutes, 0 hours
Okamase is ordered  for everyone

5 minutes, 1 hour
First dish arrive

45 minutes, 1 hour
Second dish arrives. We speak with waiter about the delay in dishes.  He apologizes and says he will take care of it.

35 minutes, 2 hours
Third dish arrives.  Crowd is getting restless at the table.

TOO MANY MINUTES, TOO MANY HOURS
I cannot continue to place them exactly from here on the exact timing that they took to serve us. The total meal time was about four hours.  I am not kidding and it was not funny. You would think that we had a huge party at our table but we were only three individuals.  

THE EXCUSE: a large party had arrived and they were having a hard time keeping up.  
MY THOUGHTS: they arrived about 45 minutes to and hour into our disastrous meal when we were already experiencing difficulties with the service. Additionally, their problem not mine!!!

The waiter was even hard to find at some times.  I was flabbergasted since this was one of the first times in Morimoto for one of my friends at the table.  Previously that same day I had complimented the restaurant and their service many times.  I now officially looked like a Jack Ass!!!

The only reason that I do not give Morimoto a lower score is because every dish tasted absolutely divine and I cannot take that away from the restaurant.

We spoke with the manager and the waiter multiple times and their responses were poor and uncaring.  I used to be a big fan, but this Jack Ass will have a hard time to recover from the mortal would inflicted that night by this experience.
Wowowowowow!

Can't believe this is my 400th review already. Now I must review my favorite restaurant of all time, Morimoto! 

I heard about this establishment a couple of years ago from a colleague who couldn't stop raving about it. She went during our annual conference in Philly and highly recommended the chef's choice tasting menu. When I heard about it, I was determined to go b/c Morimoto had always been my favorite iron chef and I was also a big fan of Japanese cuisine. How could I miss an opportunity to dine in his restaurant?! Luckily Philly is a popular city for our association annual meetings so I came back again on a business trip. 

The restaurant was a bit hard to find b/c the sign was almost invisible. I walked back and forth several times in downtown Philly in July and almost had a heat stoke. But it was all worth it when I stepped my foot in the door. The restaurant was not over the top but was modern and inviting. It was relatively slow during lunch on a Tuesday. I ordered the chef's choice tasting menu that ncluded 7 courses. It's priced at $60 for lunch, $100 & $150 for dinner. IMO it's well worth it! 

Service was impeccable as this is considered a high end restaurant. I had three staff serving my meal from start to finish: one takes my order, explains to me about the dishes, and checks on my dinning experience, one serves food, and one takes the dishes out. My silverware was changed for each course which was very much appreciated. 

My meal was absolutely phenomenal, spectacular, extraordinary, times 100. It was the BEST meal I've ever had at any restaurant, period! I was almost crazy enough to empty my wallet and order a few more chef tasting meals but was super full after 7 courses. 

My courses included: toro tartare with caviar as a starter (outstanding!), carpaccio thinly sliced with yuzu soy, hot oil, and mitsuba leaf (out of this world, wow!), sashimi salad (delish!), scallop (simply amazing!), black cod miso (BEST THING EVER!), nigiri (yum!), and this dessert that I do not remeber the name but it was so decadent!!! The presentation was abslutely beautiful. My dishes looked as wonderful as they tasted. I was surprised and blown away by one course after another. I almost felt like I was Alice in the culinary wonderland. It was certainly an experience to remember for a long long time!! 

I can't wait to come back for my next chef's choice tasting meal at Morimoto!!! Morimoto for life!!!
The fiancé and I celebrating 4 years of being together with the omakase at Morimoto. The regular omakase is $100pp and the seasonal is $150pp. We weren't feeling adventurous so we went for the regular and although we left full, all of the dishes didn't "wow" me. As other reviewers have mentioned, the fish really does "melt in your mouth". My favorite dish was the yellowtail tartare (I love anything yellowtail though!) They have a great selection of sake, cocktails, and a handful of Asian beers.

Service was great throughout our meal -- everybody was friendly to us and we didn't have any issues with that. The ambiance is intimate and swanky. The bathroom is downstairs and there is a bar upstairs that you can hang out at while you wait for your table.

If we were to dine here again, we'd go for the a la carte option, but it was a good experience for us to try.
This is Chef Masaharu Morimoto's first restaurant in America. He famously known for being on the original Iron Chef and its spin-off, Iron Chef America. I was balls to the walls stoked to visit the restaurant during my first visit to the city of brotherly love. The restaurant is very modern-looking, almost futuristic-looking. I don't like the light fixture in the middle of the dining table. It's awkward and you can't move it and impedes placement of plates during dining. 

We made reservations and arrived maybe 5 minutes early. The host informed us the table was not ready and invited us to enjoy the bar upstairs while we waited. We probably waited around 15 minutes at the bar until we were seated. 

I was heavily contemplating blowing all of my savings ( you know, all $200 of it) for Morimoto's omakase experience. Morimoto's omakase has a $120 and a $150 and up option. The omakase includes about 6-7 dishes that reflect Morimoto's style. The price difference does not necessarily mean that the more expensive omakase will include more items. The discrepancy is due to use of more exotic ingredients. There is also $65 and $85 pp beverage omakase to pair with the chef's specialty. After much vacillation, I decided to wait to try Morimoto's omakase when I reach baller status. Instead, I decided to try a couple appetizers and order some sushi. 

I tried the 10 hour pork "kakuni" and the yosedofu. The 10-hour pork was a delightful surprise. It's essentially braised pork belly with congee in the form of plain rice porridge. The braised pork belly was incredibly tender and flavorful. I view congee as generally poor man's food that people eat when they're sick. This rendition was amazeballs. I highly recommend it. 

The yosedofu seemed interesting on the menu. They basically make tofu at the table for you. Do not expect anything whimsical. A server brings a pot to the table, stirs it and then leaves. After about 20 minutes, voila! The contents in the pot has transformed into tofu. The tofu definitely tasted fresh and soft. It's not silky smooth though. If you have a great appreciation for tofu or want a hot appetizer that's light, then I'd recommend you try this. There is not much novelty to dish. It's served with delicious crab ankake.

I feel like I should have ordered one of the entrees or one of the noodle dishes, like the uni carbonara. Perhaps those dishes would have showcased Morimoto's style better. Instead I ordered sushi. I was underwhelmed with the sushi. The quality is good, but I have had fresher, better sushi elsewhere. Regardless, I had a good dining experience.
Toro tartar plus Tuna Pizza plus $75 chef sushi platter fed 2 of us with ease (and leftovers).  Fish of many varieties - and all were top quality and uber-fresh.

We still caved and split the chocolate pot de creme.

Topped mine off with a glass of the Veuve and Mama was veddy veddy happy.

Our server, Eric, was workin' it and everything was 5 star all the way!
My friends decided to go to Delaware for dinner.  Since everyone we encountered asked them "Why?" and laughed, I decided to go to Morimoto for some sushi.

The interior of the restaurant is really cool.  I have to agree with H. L.'s assessment, it really does look like sushi bar meets Apple Store.  Good thing I love them both.  Plus, if you're dining alone, it gives you the opportunity to be amused by the changing colors of the futuristic tables and chairs in the dining room under what looks like clouds on the walls.  Love it.

I was trying to decide between a glass of Chardonnay and a glass of Sauvignon Blanc.  My server won my friendship when he recommended the Sauvignon Blanc, the less expensive of the two.  And he was right, it was very good.

I figured I'd be dropping some cash at this place, Iron Chef and all, but when my server walked me through the menu, he pointed out the sushi sampler.  The $30 offering was one roll and 9 pieces of sushi.  What?  I couldn't help myself but to exclaim, "that's a great deal!".  Of course, it is chef's choice, but I told my server that I wanted the adventurous selection, and if the chef could include some uni, that would be great too.

My sampler came and I was so excited.  My uni was there, along with a spicy tuna roll and several types of sushi that I don't normally order (giant clam!).  Bite after bite was fresh, delicious, and melted in my mouth.  I was so stuffed, but thrilled that the chef made exactly what I wanted and I got out of there for about $50 including tip.  $30 sushi sampler!  Woo hoo!

Great atmosphere, delicious food, friendly service.  I would come back in a heartbeat...and actually can't wait to.  $30 people!  Yay!
Booked Morimoto for my boyfriend's birthday celebration dinner and was extremely disappointed. Before ordering, I had asked our server at length about the Chef's tasting menu and if it had diverse options (i.e. apps, noodles, seafood, meats, etc). He REALLY SOLD IT TO US and said it did -- but when the courses arrived, they were basically ALL seafood and not very good. He described it to us as a "best of the best" at Morimoto (dishes that made them famous), but it really just seemed like food they were trying to sell/get rid of. 

At one point, he did ask if we were pleased with the dishes. I was very polite but told him we were unhappy, saying that I understood this is a Japanese restaurant with many of those types of dishes, but since I had explicitly asked, I thought he would have done a better job of communicating the fact that this would be 99% seafood. It just seemed like he really wanted us to spend our money on it, and he didn't care much if we liked it or not. 

What I also found a bit strange was that he kept TELLING us how good the dishes looked and smelled when he put them down on the table, so he "KNEW we would like them" -- it was a bit odd and assuming. Also after I explained my displeasure with the menu, he told me "dessert would more than make up for it." Really? After dessert (which also was't very good), he said: "when you come back, I know you will have a better experience." I said: "IF I come back..." His approach and tone to the whole thing was really uncomfortable.

In addition:
- The service was very slow. Our dishes and empty drinks sat at the table, and we had to ask to get service. 
- He sold us hard on the tasting menu, but wasn't accountable/did nothing to help after we didn't like it. This was not cheap.
- When I made the reservation, I noted that it was my boyfriend's birthday and asked if they could bring out a little candle/something extra for him with dessert. They never did.

We love and appreciate food and the dining out experience. I was very excited about Morimoto - but I was really upset about the whole experience from start to finish.
MOUTH WATERING FRESHNESS! The sushi is very very fresh here. I really like this place for sushi! The dinner menu is expensive but if you get a chance to go during lunch------ GO. The prices are reasonable and the amounts are big.
The place looks so futuristic when you first walk in but after a while it just looks very MODERN. The drink menu is pretty good also. Try this place...'Nuff said =)
I was the only one at the table to experience the Morimoto omakase ("chef's choice" tasting menu), and let me tell you: everyone else regretted not doing so.

Though the others envied the omakase, I didn't hear any complaints about their particular orders. There wasn't a single plate that came out that I didn't enjoy: everything was excellently prepared and very delicious. 

The only minor hitch was a hiccup with the check: an error in processing our order and the way it was handled; other than that, everything else was fabulous.
I would rate the food 3/5, but I'll give it a 4 because my overall dining experience was fantastic. The wait staff is unbelievably good and the ambience is very unique. My favorite part was the dessert for sure, it's worth spending $20 on the fiery dessert. It's lit up table side! The special included Brussel sprouts for appetizers which was a great choice. Veggie tempura was pretty good too, same with ramen, but overall the food just lacked a little spice and taste.
To come here and dine is a gift.   The environment is ultra modern like Kubrick modern..... 2001 Space Oddysey style.   I had the Omakase  on a Thursday evening and I'm still high from the classically modern presentations, weeks later.    

That you dont know what's coming is part of the fun.  And then your senses begin to come alive as the plate comes, the visuals excites your glands, your imagination conjures  the flavors now developing in your mouth.  Then you take a bite, your mind is tickled and toyed with:  you savor the complexity.

 I have had the Omakase 4 times now and I can say,  Morimoto's dishes are simply zen, clean and palate tickling.    Dining here almost fools you into thinking, "Is that all there is?"  Then the flavors creep up on you-- that nowhere near have you experienced this development of flavor and trickery in a dish.   Having just returned from Japan on a food excursion, I see the continuity of the country's love affair with food in Morimoto's kitchen.   In a country that focuses its existence on self-reliance, standards,  the enjoyment of food and responsibly Green practices,  I left Japan after 3 weeks still in awe.  Morimoto is the moden cultural epitome of Japanese dining -- the dishes are clean yet complex, superluscious, soulful, f*(*$in sexy.

Visits:  4
I heard this location, being the original location of Chef Morimoto's first restaurant was the best.  It was not the best in my opinion.  I came along with my twin and Libra's to celebrate our birthdays.  Morimoto needs to come back and visit more often for some quality checks.  

Sure the view from the 2nd fl lounge was spectacular and while waiting for everyone to arrive, we had ourselves some delicious concoctions.  The long dining room itself is fluid and visually stunning.  

Let me just run through our courses.  
Sashimi platter for $50 & some complimentary uni* http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_T2xzR74JqGCTPefAD8Tw?select=Ad4QChUmYh0wfQj2ytWpoQ
Toro Tartare
10 Hour pork - kakuni braised pork bell with hot rice porridge http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_T2xzR74JqGCTPefAD8Tw?select=f2707s1fFGOUzfNTw6P4Jw
Yosedofu - fresh tofu created at your table served with two sauces 
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_T2xzR74JqGCTPefAD8Tw?select=V4V55Q2zjV88H1ibBxBtcg
Rock Shrimp tempura
Duck duck duck - Madras roasted duck breast, confit risotto, duck egg, mandarin oolong reduction http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_T2xzR74JqGCTPefAD8Tw?select=JNwf0YgXkB1GkQDwIgvOVw
Black cod miso http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_T2xzR74JqGCTPefAD8Tw?select=KLOERsA8BR0C29JOU8cEsg
Seafood Tobanyaki http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_T2xzR74JqGCTPefAD8Tw?select=WnpOBkq2pjKnPN3ed2mWxQ
Chilean seabass - They were out so they substituted a similar type of fish.  Can't remember what it was.

We sampled some other things such as their Surf & Turf and NY Strip Steak from the 2 other tables we had.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_T2xzR74JqGCTPefAD8Tw?select=Okdu5SGak-z0z1MppA9d6w There was a mish mash of assorted raw sashimi strips with avocado salad as a side on the NY strip steak.  It looked horribly awry once the server mixed in the avocado dressing.  I almost didn't want to sample it from my friends plate as it did not look appetizing at all. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_T2xzR74JqGCTPefAD8Tw?select=LjbIJcm9FhxPOpgxe0Cm_A

Everyone who got the Tobanyaki and Chilean seabass w/black bean sauce was extra salty.  I sampled some and it was barely edible.  Someone went overboard on the salt.  The substitute Chilean seabass fish looked bland and boring and it was so salty my friend had to scrape her black bean sauce off it.  The waitress was nice though, and they tried to bring her something else but we were full and she didn't want to bother.

My duck duck duck (say that 10x fast) was ok.  I had so much of it leftover but it wasn't good enough for leftovers.  If you know me, you know that I always take leftovers as I don't like to waste food.

The standout dishes of the night was the Yosedofu, the crab sauce was like crack sauce.  We kept dipping all our tofu into it and it melted into our mouthes.  When we ran out, we were all sad.  Until we saw dessert, then it made us a little happy.  We had the Pot du creme http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_T2xzR74JqGCTPefAD8Tw?select=SI7PtwxxuufQvx7uNCHwdw & the Yuzu meringue tart http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_T2xzR74JqGCTPefAD8Tw?select=wV-i7pIy8aEncr_QSGsnDw.  Both were amazing and visually appealing too.

To summerize:
Food - 3 Stars (mediocre)  
Service - 4 stars (attentive)
Ambience - 4 stars

*It was complimentary because they didn't write down my order and gave us 4 pieces, instead of just 1
KEEGAN, my seventeen-year old, and i were exhausted. we'd just made the trip down from NYC for an afternoon PHILLY's game. it's true what they say about PHILADELPHIA fans -- you know, they're the ones that booed SANTA CLAUS. anyway, we weren't so tired we couldn't get something to eat so we grabbed at taxi and headed for MORIMOTO's. 

now, expectations were high, thru the roof really, but we were not disappointed. everything we had was beautiful and truly spectacular. 

the TORO TARTARE with (real) fresh grated wasabi was melt on the tip of my tongue incredible -- the best i've ever had. 

the ROCK SHRIMP TEMPURA had a crispy outside and soft, rich texture inside that was truly amazing. not like i haven't had fried shrimp before but this was nothing like i expected. great zing from the KOCHUJAN AIOLI dip. 

just watching the chefs prepare the HAMACHE with JALAPENO PONZU was a treat but couldn't compare to the fresh explosion of flavor when i slide the first bite into my mouth. 

i'm pretty sure if you look up unctuous in the dictionary you'll find a picture of the 10 HOUR PORK BELLY. the RICE PORRIDGE gives this dish the perfect homey feel.  

MORIMOTO's is ridiculously good.
After 9 months of carrying our twins, and embracing the cabin fever of being home from work, my wife was ready to leave the house and feast on some raw and shell fish that was on her prohibited list during her pregnancy. To celebrate our anniversary I couldn't think of anything better than Morimoto. With so many appetizing options on the menu there was no way I could make a decision so I decided to put my faith, and my pallet in my wife's hands; neither she or Morimoto disappointed 

Our celebratory cocktails was a great way to kickoff  the evening. The crafted cocktails provided an awakening to our pallets  preparing us for the robust was to come for the remainder of the dining experience. We started with an 1/2 dozen of Kumamoto oysters which are our favorite, toro tar-tare, and Whitefish carpaccio prepared with red snapper. Everything was fantastic!!
Due to lack of things to do, I've really dug deep to finish these drafts of venues that aren't just in another city from the past, but also places that don't even exist anymore. Here, it's good to see morimoto still stands!

I remember morimoto for two random things: where I first learned what 'omakase' meant, and where I heard the word 'buri bop.' To this day, I haven't tried either, but both originated from here (for me). 

Typical flashy Starr establishment, where sparkle will always get my short-term attention. First off, for the artistic vibe, you are greeted by a giant black...blob at the front by the hostess stand. Onto the dining room, it's designed into a long, rectangular shape with no room to hide. Two-seaters line the walls on either side, while tables for larger parties were in the middle of the restaurant. Phallic candles sat on each table, adding to the ambience of the constantly-color changing glowing decor. The sushi bar sat at the far end, but I never ventured this far in. The only separation was the upstairs lounge which was above the entrance. This space sat a smaller group and had its own bar, with an oblong shaped window that looked over the remaining restaurant below.

Since I don't eat sushi (I know kappa and avocado rolls don't count), I can't really wax poetic about their food but everyone I was with highly enjoyed the place. I thought the service was great, from the hostesses to the waitstaff. What I was impressed with was when I asked the friendly hostess for some matches, she handed over these super-sized boxes, pictured below (there are two traditional sized boxes housed in the longer box). Surprised I've kept them for this long! 

They've lasted this long in addition to their New York City location, so they must be doing something right. I suppose the equivalent where I am now would be Katsuya or Nobu.
I was super excited to visit Morimoto because I'm a huge fan of Chef Morimoto on Iron Chef!  Of course I was expecting good food, but I was blown away by how much I enjoyed my meal.  We started off with some cocktails.  Karai is a bit spicy with cilantro and jalapeno.  Kiku is a blend of pear and chrysanthemum tea. Both drinks were great!  The hubs ordered the eight course omakase and I got the duck duck duck. 

duck duck duck is not for the faint at heart.  You really gotta love duck to order this dish.  The hubs isn't much of a fan, so he wasn't really impressed.  I LOVED it!  The roasted duck breast was cooked to perfection.  The skin was crispy and had a nice amount of fat.  The meat was tender and flavorful.  The duck confit fried rice was kinda oily and too salty.  I still gobbled it up though.  Duck egg had the best runny yolk.  Mixed well with confit!  

It was my first time having omakase.  Even though the portions look small, we were both stuffed by the end of the meal.  We took home a good amount of the duck duck duck.  The whitefish carpaccio with yuzu sauce, miso marinated black cod, diver scallop with truffle, and austrailian raised wagyu on sizzling platter were definitely the highlights of the meal.  We really took our time savoring each entree.  I could taste the quality and flavors of the ingredients.  

Our waiter took his time in explaining each course and was warm and inviting.  We enjoyed our first visit and would recommend Morimoto for a special occasion or just a very nice gift to yourself!  It's not a meal that we could afford often, but it was very much worth the splurge.
I'm not sure what else I can add to the 600+ reviews but if you are in the Philly area, Morimoto is a must try!  I wanted to get the Omakase dinner (chef's choice multiple course tasting menu) but my dinner party wasn't feeling very adventurous on this particular night.  The Omakase dinner ranges from 85-120 bucks depending on what's available that night and if you get beverage pairing.  I'll add that to my "to-do" list!  

I ended up with the following: 

Rock Shrimp Tempura with Spicy 'Kochujan' aioli - an excellent appetizer to share.  We shared this amongst 4 people and it was more than enough.  

Ishi Yaki "Buri Bop" Rice Dish with Kobe Beef prepared at your table in a hot river stone bowl - They give you large slices of beef and I love how it's made at your table.  Delicious.

Miso Honeycake with Shiso-Vanilla Bean Ice Cream - Skip it!  There was no flavor in this dessert.  I usually like desserts that aren't too sweet, but this had no taste at all and it was so small.....more like a bite.  Not worth the money.

This is a great date spot!  Good people watching, sexy decor and good food.  You gotta try it at least once!
If you want to bribe one of my friends to go to Philadelphia for any reason, this is her kryptonite. I think maybe she has a secret crush on the Iron Chef, but she won't admit it. Actually, she's a designer and just loves the layout of this place - especially the bathrooms (which I don't find all that impressive).

I don't have extensive experience with the menu here, but I do have extensive experience with the drink menu. Lots of great cocktails and yummy champagne. You pretty much can't go wrong. 

The kumamoto oysters are insanely delicious. I always get a whole bunch of them (hence, the lack of experience with the menu here). And all the sushi I've ever had has been top-notch. My friends love the spicy king crab leg - which is good - just not my favorite. 

The coat check people tried giving me the wrong coat. I should've taken it - it was a really cool green Marc Jacobs raincoat. I'd look phenomenal in it, wouldn't I? Damn me and my honesty!
Everything you get here is going to be excellent, but the surprise of the meal?  The side sake butter sauteed japanese mushrooms.  Seriously, I could eat those all friggin day, just GET THEM.  The 10 hour pork "kakuni" was equally fantastical.

My only regret is not getting the omakase menu, however, the Ishi Yaki bop is pretty bangin' for an entree.  If you get the king yellowtail it doesn't cost an arm and a leg (compared to some other menu items).

It's an experience, and worth if if you can afford it.  Definitely more of a date type atmosphere than a group or family setting.

Also, one of the private party rooms is right next to the bathrooms and you can hear ERRYTHANG so you might want to avoid reserving that room.  If you're going to drop that much cash on a private party, it's probably worth getting the upstairs room so you don't have to hear people dropping deuces mid toast.
MORIMOTO / 723 CHESTNUT STREET / PHILADELPHIA PA
215 413 9070
http://www.morimotorestaurant.com/

Morimoto.  One glance inside and you instantly have arrived at one of the coolest spots in town. I don't think any other restaurant screams chic, avant-garde moreso than this restaurant.  This is a Starr restaurant and one of the priciest in town.  Dinner for two, $280 or so at 2 drinks a person. This is a perfect date, anniversary, or special occasion spot and you certainly feel when you walk in you are royalty.

The walls are back-lit and the lighting is soft and diffuse.  Made it easy to capture some really beautiful photos of the restaurant. The booths are lit with color changing lights making coordinated booths in every color of the rainbow with color changes every 20 minutes or so.

We started dinner with some edamamae, fresh soybeans with sea salt.  It was overcooked entirely and needed to be sent back. (minus 1 star)

Redemption came in the form of Kumamoto oysters. Oyster Guide calls the Kumamoto the 'Chardonnay of oysters' and are among the most popular oyster due to their luscious fruity flavor and light brininess  3 pairs of seasonings on the 6 oyster tray were designed for sharing.  Sushi Ceviche, Japanese Salsa, and Thai fish.

Wagyu dumplings.  Kanzuri-miso broth.  Kanzuri, a chili paste made with yuzu is a popular Japanese seasoning. Wagyu beef is Japanese for cow and refers to several breeds of cattle known for intense marbling. Kobe, Mishima, Matsusaka, Ōmi, and Sanda are several types of Wagyu beef.

Salmon carpaccio.  Thinly sliced with yuzu soy, hot oil and mitsuba leaf.  Carpaccio is thinly sliced raw meat seasoned in this case most interestingly with mitsuba leaf. Like parsley, the flavor is clean and refreshing with a slightly bitter taste which some describe as celery-like.

Scallops were one of the specials for the night and completely worth having. Beautifully seasoned and flavorful, these pan-seared scallops were excellent.

DUCK DUCK DUCK. MADRAS ROASTED DUCK BREAST, CONFIT FRIED RICE, DUCK EGG, MANDARIN OOLONG REDUCTION.  Oolong is a traditional Chinese tea produced through a unique process including withering the plant under the strong sun and oxidation before curling and twisting.

CHILEAN SEA BASS KOJI MARINATED AND GRILLED, SEASONAL VEGETABLES, SHANTON NAGE. A traditional nage is a broth flavoured with white wine, vegetables, and herbs, in which seafood is poached. The liquid is then reduced and thickened with cream and/or butter.

Matcha tres leches. Green tea castella, burnt honey ice cream, sweet red bean paste.  A delicious tres leches cake to end the meal. Yum.

Cocktail of the night: The nashi blossom.  Reyka vodka, pear puree, ginger simple.
So my girlfriend and I didn't have enough time to go to New York so we decided to eat out. She chooses this time and tells me "we're going to Morimoto!" My first response was "what's that?"... yeah..... I had no idea.... and would have never known if it weren't for her, sorry Mr Iron Chef... no hard feelings.

The atmosphere of the restaurant was actually pretty cool, very blue and mellow. The only thing was...it was loud! So many people talking at once, it feels like you're in a school cafeteria...REALLY!

When we arrived there and it was PACK.. so we went to the waiting area which was right up stairs. ?They serve drinks there while you wait and you can actually see the restaurant below, very cool.

Once we were seated, we decided to order the OMAKASE which is the Chef's choice. It comes out as a multi-course tasting meal which comes out with small portions which at first I felt sad because I was so hungry but at the end it was very very CRAZYY GOOOD! I believe the menu varies by the chief's choice for that week, a little unsure but trust me it's amazing! 

After all that delicious grub, the bill comes.. My jaw drops, tears went out of my eyes and I said " OOHHH MY LORDDDY!" ....well I would of said that if it weren't for how delicious and tasty everything was. 

Well Morimoto! If I ever hear your name again, I will bow to you! I am a very happy camper!

5/5!!!
Being an Iron Chef America fan for years and hearing rave reviews of Morimoto Napa, I took my main squeeze here for his belated birthday celebration. However, we left confused and rather disappointed as our experience did not measure up to what we would expect of a restaurant of this caliber. 

Reservations were surprisingly wide open, so we were seated promptly even being thirty minutes early. Upon first glance, we enjoyed the contemporary minimalist theme, but did not enjoy the obstructive lamp in the middle of the table, nor the trash in the trough by the wall.  

We perused the menu and both had the Classic Omakase ($100 each) and ordered American Uni nigiri ($7/ piece) and a Japanese nigiri ($14/piece). In hindsight, one of us should have ordered the Omakase and the other a la carte to experience a larger breadth of courses. 

Our 8 courses began delightfully with a Hamachi tartare that had a crunchy shallot bed and was accompanied by a fishy ponzu sauce and fresh wasabi. This also had a plum palate cleanser on the side that was refreshing. Our next course was a striped bass carpaccio with sesame and olive oil. The olive oil was a little overwhelming but it was a good dish overall. This was followed by a swordfish and tuna salad on a bed of sauteed onion mixture - very salty. Next we had the chicken ramen soup; the noodles were al dente and the chicken was well cooked, but the soup was salty without much flavor. 

We received a gelatin palate cleanser and requested the salt be toned down for the subsequent dishes, which our server conveyed to the chef as our following dishes - scallop on a bed of tomato jam and pork belly on scallop congee - were perfectly salted, though unremarkable. Our last savory course was sushi which included 5 nigiri (chu-toro, hamachi, fluke, mackerel, squid) and 3 salmon maki. Everything was decent, but not great. I thought the rice to be a bit dry and did not hold up well in dipping.  Our uni nigiri came with this course and were creamy and tasted like the sea. The American uni was very standard and had a strong flavor, while the Japanese uni was much milder and more sweet. 

I was tickled we received a "pre-dessert" of matcha gelatin and vanilla cream that was good without being too heavy. Our dessert was a peanut butter and jelly reincarnate with a fun mochi layer and powdered peanut on the side. The birthday boy's dessert came with a candle on the side - definitely expected a little more pizzazz but maybe that is just a California thing to spoil diners? 

Other small details detracted from the experience, such as the facial artwork in the entrance way and the fact that the bathroom napkins are the fancy kind, but did not have an emblem.

As a silver lining, service was wonderful. Our drinks were refilled regularly, and our plates cleared within moments of finishing our courses. The meal was paced well and we appreciated the scaling back of the salt following our request. 

In a nutshell, I had a decent experience and was pleased by the environment and attitude (read: not stuffy) but was expecting something a little more upscale. The value combined with the mediocrity of the food and overall experience will deter me from coming back anytime soon.
Here's what you don't do. You don't proceed to serve a bento box meal equivalent when your customers opt for the $120 omakase and inform you quite firmly that they have been patrons at the top sushi restaurants in NYC, think Yasuda, Gari, Seki, etc. 

You don't at that point insult them with sub-par sushi and give them a sliver of uni when they specifically requested that uni be theme of their meal.

You don't serve them regular tuna when they see a couple next to them with the same priced omakase get the fatty tuna and then they have to ask the sushi chef themselves.

Morimoto should be embarrassed. I understand celebrity chefs and chain branches but this is the original, and if he can't be bothered to maintain quality we shouldn't be bothered to pay $400 for a meal we could get in NYC for $100.

Oh and they didn't even refill our waters. Just don't go.
Great atmosphere.  Friends love the interior decor.  Greg was awesome.  Sushi here is out of the world.  We ordered Uni Crispy Rice, 10 hr braised pork, and lots of desserts.  

Ordered $45 Chef's combination and al la carte nigiris.   The quality of the raw fish was amazing.  We also swooned over the pear sorbet.  Highly recommend coming here for fresh sushi and quality service.
Beautiful decor but the food is even more breathtaking. It's expensive, no question about that, but if taste means something to you, every penny will be worth it. The omakase is perfect - there are different price options and they all will leave you smiling. Great sushi chefs here. The rock shrimp tempura is a great starter to share - it's a very generous portion. 

I came here once without reservations. Couldn't get a table but we were allowed to sit upstairs at the small bar. There's about 6 small tables up there and you can order from the same menu. Um, that's awesome. They also have their own microbrew. Yes. Also awesome.
I ate my way through the East Coast a few weeks ago but haven't had a chance to write any reviews until now. So let's start off with Morimoto!

I had lunch here during my last day in Philly. Save the best for last, right? I ordered the Morimoto omakase (copy/paste from menu: 'chef's choice' a multi-course tasting menu designed to allow you to experience the essence of morimoto's cuisine) and it did not disappoint.

I honestly cannot remember all the details of the courses served (and probably don't need to list out the details of each anyhow), but everything was delicious and took my tastebuds on a culinary adventure. The omakase consisted of 7 courses from the sushi bar and kitchen, concluding with dessert. My favorite was the sixth, which was five pieces of nigiri. The toro was TO DIE FOR. Melt in your mouth, amazing, delicious, orgasmic, *heavy breathing*, whatever-else-descriptive-adjective-here. Best sushi I've ever had, hands down. 

Best sixty bucks I've ever spent.
It was very exciting to finally dine here but I was sadly left a little disappointed! Mostly with the food and the interior of the restaurant. 

Inside is very groovy with color changing lights and an open seating plan. It felt a like a cafeteria because of the layout of the restaurant and how loud it got. They had these funky table lights bolted in the center of the table that are as much a conversation piece as they are an inconvenience.

Service was very attentive and formal which is a good thing; however, it was a little hard to connect with everyone we encountered. Generally, everyone was very nice. Food was brought out quick as well. 

Four of us ended up with the most expensive sushi platter because we were told that would be enough to feed all us. It was the right call and a good sampling of different types of fish and sushi. The flavors were not rocking my world for the price though! Also tried the braised pork belly and the wagyu beef dumplings. These were not enough for four but we each had a little nibble anyway. :) the beef dumplings were very good but left me wanting more. Pork belly on a rice porridge was good but not great. 

I opted for the skirt steak medium rare and was left a little disappointed. Meat had decent flavor but very chewy. The sauce was again, good but not great. The green beans it came with were not at all good: the ends weren't snapped off and the experience eating them was not fun. The Duck Duck Duck entree was very good and filling. However, the rice was something you could easily make in your kitchen. The black cod was beautiful and tasty but my friend said it could not rival Nobu's. Finally dessert! We got the Fiery Chocolate Tart because the pyromaniac in us was intrigued. They pour lit Bacardi 151 so it's a fiery topping over a chocolate mold that melts on top of burnt miso ice cream. The bites that had the alcohol on it tasted like the liquor. :( the brownies and tiny fruit pieces with it were pretty good! 

Presentation was stunning for all dishes, of course! I wouldn't come back here. Maybe f I was a more adventurous sushi eater? Also not a great spot for groups. They can make it work but it's so loud and very pricey I might prefer elsewhere if I was part of a party larger than 4. Sorry, Mr. Morimoto. :(
Oh man, Morimoto's was good. I was only in town for a few nights and I decided that I needed to try this place as a lover of Japanese food, and Iron Chef. But due to the latter I was concerned it would be over-hyped. It was just a tiny bit, but it really did live up to the expectations, flavor-wise. Service left a little something to be desired though. My server didn't tell me his name. He kept constantly asking me if I wanted drinks, and when I finally did order one, he brought it, and THEN asked me for my ID. Uhhh awkward? LOL. I thought you were supposed to ask then bring it? Anyway. I decided to sit at the sushi bar because I was alone and figured it would be the best way to be social. It was so cool to watch the chefs at work. I got to talk to one of them and practice my Japanese a little. Pretty cool. 

The first course I had was actually just uni sashimi that I requested beforehand. Also I had a Tokyo Rose (I think that's what it was called?) cocktail, and it was not worth the $14 price tag. Next time I am complaining about a $7 drink in St. Louis. remind me that I shouldn't complain about prices because holy crap, everything was $14 on their cocktail menu. The amount I got was barely anything. Totally a rip off. Avoid the booze here unless your earning big bucks and $14 is pocket change to you, lol.

My actual "first course" (did the cheapest, $80, tasting menu) was SO amazing. It was yellowtail tar tar and I reallllly loved it. The flavors together were incredible. Fish broth, wasabi, soy.... mmm.

Second course was some type of raw tuna salad but it was lightly seared. Pretty awesome flavor-wise.  There were some tiny cherry tomatoes chopped on the side in reds and yellows. I really love the presentation here. I uploaded some photos so you can see what I mean.

Third course--I forget what it was called--but it was basically some type of sashimi. They poured some hot oil sauce over top so it was broth-y and warm when I ate it. Again, great mixture of flavors and texture was spot on. Not chewy or anything.

Fourth course--a scallop with corn and tuna "bacon." The tuna "bacon" was really just a dried tuna strip which I found impossibly hard to chew, so I bypassed the rest of it.  Scallop was cooked so wonderfully--maybe a tad under, but it was so perfect. The corn was a good pairing. 

Fifth course-- roasted duck breast. Mmmm soo good. It had a cherry compote type of thing on it. Such a great combo of flavors. It was medium rare and the texture was somehow perfect. Really attests to the chefs' experience here.

Sixth course--sushi from the sushi bar which I watched being made. Every cut of fish was SO mouthwateringly perfect, it really does just about "melt in your mouth" (sounds gross, sorta? haha.) The only thing I didn't like was the amberjack stuff. (It has a silvery strip of skin on it, I think.) It was a little chewy and tough to eat. But the squid (ika), was actually edible! I was surprised. I always avoid this at sushi bars because I hate stuff with a chewy texture.

Finally, the dessert--it was a goat cheesecake with a fresh fig in the middle, port jellies, green tea sauce, and some other kind of fruit sauce. Great flavor, and well done but not my favorite dessert. I had wished for something chocolate but I guess this was more "Japanese" or something.... I don't know. I also hate figs so I had to dissect it a bit, hehe.

My server was not very sincere and I hate that he kept trying to sell me drinks after I told him I wasn't interested. This really ruined my experience and I almost took off a star for it, but the sushi chef I talked to was SO kind and fun to talk to, that he really made up for my server's lack of sincerity. I don't even know my server's name because he didn't bother to tell me. Do the waitstaff here stop caring because they know they are going to receive a hefty tip due to the price of the food? Seriously... I hope they read this and work on training their staff or something. He was knowledgeable when it came to food but was one of the fake-est people I've ever met! :-/

Interior of the restaurant was definitely modern, and really nifty at that. Excellent use of materials, shapes, and lighting. I wish more restaurants in STL looked like that, but opening a place in general probably costs so much money, and you're in the hole for so long, that it doesn't make sense to re-decorate right off the bat (case in point, one of my favorite places finally modeled after they became successful.) 

By the way, this place is mostly definitely within walking distance to the Hyatt at Penn's Landing, so go forth and partake! And not have to pay a cab fee. ;)
7 of the Starr establishmemts we visited. The decor is gorgeous and unique. We had drinks that were strong and flavorful. We sampled the  pork dumplings, spicy salmon roll, tempura rock shrimp roll and edamame. All of the dishes were pretty standard, happy hour prices are great.
This is one of the most popular restaurants in Philadelphia. And with good reason. Iron Chefs of Philly, represent! I'd been to one of Chef Morimoto's restaurants in Tokyo and felt truly pampered during my experience there, so I was especially eager to find out what Chef Morimoto had in store for the Philly crowd. Don't let the Stephen Starr flashiness and the dildo-shaped lamps attached to the tables throw you off; the food is the star of the show, and it's excellent.

While the restaurant bills itself as "Japanese," it's not your traditional kaiseki fare. Think fatty tuna tartare, raw oysters, red snapper carpaccio drenched in warm oil, lobster and crème fraiche, crepes with pickled carrot, ginger, daikon, and foie gras, short ribs, and tomato salad with parmesan slices. The most traditional stuff here is the sushi and sashimi. We got nigiri-style sushi and it was EXCELLENT, fresh, with perfect attention paid to the temperature, texture, and vinegaredness (this is a word, I am sure) of the rice. Same for the sashimi, which was like, velvety and smooth and truly luxurious... and topped with edible gold leaf. Uh, what? I don't think you'd ever see gold leaf on top of raw fish in Japan... just let the quality of the fish speak for itself, man! As a dessert lover, I especially liked the coffee jelly, if only because you rarely see it around these here parts.

And the alcohol selection. Mmmm. We went for a beer flight, and discovered Morimoto's soba ale, which tastes like if soba tea was a beer. It went great with the food.

But yeah. As of this writing, Morimoto has almost 700 reviews on Yelp. What more can I add other than "Go. Now."? And maybe try a tasting menu. Relax. Let your mind drift away. Bring some friends, an appetite, drink and be merry, enjoy one of Philadelphia's finest. 4.5 stars, rounded to 5.
For a special occasion, I highly recommend going with the omakase - the chef's tasting menu. Currently, there is a $120 and a $150 option. 

I usually get slightly anxious when I don't get to select my own food, but turns out anxiety is completely unwarranted at Morimoto. Every single course (of 8) was fantastic! There were many delicious items that were not on the regular menu, whether raw or cooked. We felt the $120 omakase was worth every dollar. 

Besides the ridiculously awesome tasting menus, Morimoto also has an a la carte menu, complemented by a beverage list consisting of signature cocktails, interesting Japanese beers, and various types of wine - though they also have a full bar available. While eating here is not cheap, Morimoto's a la carte prices are no greater than typical fine dining prices in Philly. 

Most recently, I had their duck duck duck dish, which consisted of the most tender and flavorful duck breast with the most amazing sauce, served with a side of duck confit fried rice, topped with a duck egg. The portioning was great: filling, but not overwhelming. It complemented well with my golden pear martini, which is very fruity and delicious. 

The tuna pizza appetizer was also a wonderful mixture of flavors and textures. It tasted so light and fresh. For dessert, I was torn between the black sesame mousse cake and the matcha tres leches. I ended up picking the matcha tres leches. It was very tasty, but once I left the restaurant, I began developing a strong craving for the black sesame mousse cake. 

Darn, I should have ordered both desserts. Looks like I will be here again soon to try the black sesame mousse cake.
I had really high expectations for this place, and IT COMPLETELY BLEW MY MIND. I'm not one to care that much about atmosphere/decor but it's beautiful, the people who eat here are beautiful, and I'm pretty sure the waiters are all wearing eyeliner but can't be too sure about that.

Now onto the food:
- Started with spicy tuna roll - it was good, really really good, but next time we'll skip the sushi for the food that this place is known for
- 10 hour pork belly over congee - they were serious, the pork belly was so soft and chewy and flavorful and just came apart when you ate it, but at the same time not overcooked 
- Duck duck duck - I've never tasted duck cooked like this before - just generous chunks of the best part of the duck cooked until it was completely tender and juicy with so much flavor - didn't even touch the rice bowl portion of the dish because the duck itself was so satisfying
- Ishi yaki buri bop - this is the Iron Chef dish that they prepare tableside for you - you must try this!! Generous cuts of filet that sizzle on the hot bowl, along with rice and a fresh egg - it's delicious and has so much flavor

Will definitely be back for another special occasion or happy hour :)
Love this place! Food, service, decor, quality were all up to Par. Came here back to back at a time and both times were just as enjoyable as the very first. The duck duck duck is my fave but my gfs ordered other things and they were pretty good as well. Not much selection on sushi rolls but there is a good selection of seafood.
Some advice:

1) Make a reservation: It was a full house from the time I walked in, to the time I walked out.

2) Dine omakase-style: From what I saw, the $80 price point option did not differ much from the $120 price point. Yes, it's worth it.

3) Sit at the sushi bar: It's SO enjoyable to watch the chefs slice, dice, roll, arrange, and plate. You will actually FEEL like you're a judge on an episode of Iron Chef as you guess the ingredients and imagine what they're going to serve you next! 

8 PHENOMENAL courses later... you will understand precisely why this man is an OG Iron Chef.
Another upscale and trendy Iron Chef establishment in Philadelphia, this is the original Morimoto for all Food Network fans to try.  During my week visit, I was happy to have the opportunity to dine here twice - one for the happy hour and the second for dinnertime.  Happy Hour is from 5-7pm, Sunday - Thursday and served in the upstairs lounge.  With $6-7 appetizers and sushi, $6 drinks, and $5 desserts, happy hour is a steal for anyone who wants to sample part of Morimoto's menu.  

To try: 

Sparkling Ume: ume (plum), orange blossom, champagne.  A delightful fruity bubbly to start or finish a meal.
Rock Shrimp Tempura: Morimoto's glazed popcorn airy shrimp served in a spicy "kochujan" aioli.  
Spicy Salmon: fresh chunks of salmon in a slightly spicy aioli sauce
Spicy Lobster Skewer: lobster served "dynamite" style on a stick, with delicious Japanese sweet potatoes.
Mary Jane Brownies: A dense brownie topped with Kinako-Kuromitsu - toasted soybean ice cream glazed with Japanese molasses and candied hemp seeds.  Delicious without being sugar overkill.      
Black Cod: buttery fish with a crisp skin and glazed in a sweet miso sauce.  Melt-in-your-mouth goodness, served with sweet black beans.
Salad with crispy seafood, Belgian Endives, and tasty viniagrette dressing       
Duck, Duck, Duck: Juicy duck served with flavored rice.  
MIso Happy Cake: Dense miso cake topped with vanilla ice cream; thick but still an interesting treat.  

To pass on:
Warm Mushroom Salad: chopped mushroom mixed with herbed grains, served with endives.  The texture was like a dry stuffing and slightly bland.  I was hoping for a stronger mushroom flavor.
Angry Chicken with cellophane noodles: Spicy tender chicken - a pretty simple and not very impressive dish.  
Sushi Chef's Special: depending on the amount of sushi, the $30 gets you about 15 pieces of various sushi.  Other than the salmon (which my friend claimed melted in her mouth), I wasn't pleased with the sushi's cold and dry rice.  The sushi I sampled, while good, was not mind-blowing.  This makes me pretty skeptical about the Omakase special.  

Service upstairs during the Happy Hour was great.  The waitresses are friendly and quick to bring you orders and drinks.  During dinnertime, though, I found our waiter off-putting and pushy.  We had told him a few times that we were going to be sharing our dishes, but he kept asking each person whether we'd like to order both an appetizer and an entree.  He didn't look happy when we reminded him we were sharing and when we chose to split dessert at the end.

The setting for Morimoto immerses you in a cool, futuristic setting.  It's part crisp white, igloo-like, then merging into wooden walls with peculiar shapes, and the crazy florescent lighting at the tables which seems to make the restaurant glow in hues of blue, green, and purple.  Although for such a trendy vibe, I almost laughed at the disposable "take-out" chopsticks as part of our table setting.  Really?      

My impression is mixed because I loved many of the dishes but also wasn't too thrilled about a few other aspects of the meal, including the service.  Overall though, it's definitely a fun foodie experience and worth trying.  The pricing (except for the expensive chef's choice Omakase option), quality of food, and portion sizes offered at this high-end restaurant are pretty reasonable for anyone who wants to eat like a Celebrity Chef.
I was expecting a great meal. I had that.  The ambiance was perfect for the setting.  Yes,  there are other patrons there and you can hear them,  but not so much that i couldn't enjoy my own conversation. We ordered a variety of things including a sushi roll,  seasonal sashimi specials,  ramen and an entree.  We enjoyed every course. I also was pleased that they remembered we were there to celebrate a birthday and brought the dessert on a decorated plate.
This is one of the best restaurants I have been to in a while. The service was amazing and the food to die for. Do not miss the dumplings or the pot de creme for dessert! They were the best EVER!
What can you say other than this is Iron Chef Morimoto's 1st restaurant in America... When I saw a documentary on him and how much he Loves Philly like he loves cooking that's why he opened his 1st restaurant here I always knew I would have to go...

So it was settled I would take my baby to Philly as part of a 3 day birthday celebration beginning in Philly heading to NY then back to Philly!!! Cool right?? We would check in to the Radisson Warwick Plaza & shower change and head over to Morimoto's... A place like this needs a reservation but that was already handled as I booked this night a month prior on Open Table real cool site so anyway back to Philly.  All checked and washed up and dressed for dinner... We head down to the lobby hail a cab and take what would be a 5 minute trip up and down a few one way streets to Morimoto's.

As we walk into the restaurant a young lady greets us with a good afternoon and asked if we had reservations... I give her my name and the time 19:30 happily she walks us to our table... Now you must understand that this place is very cool not just some neatly decorated restaurant but one who's furniture change colors throughout the night... I mean everything but the ceilings and walls changed colors with the music. The seating arrangements were different there where couch set ups with tables, group seating like in board rooms, standard, and arranged seating for more intimate settings. For us the woman sat us a table for two intimate and nice, where our waitress was at the table within seconds relaying the specialty drinks for the night!!! 

The Drinks:  I chose a Morimoto's Martini consisting of Sake-Grey goose Vodka- Japanese Cucumber, for My Baby the sparkling wine... 

Appetizers: For me the Edamame for my baby seared scallops & we both share the Morimoto Tempura (Gorgonzola, Roasted Red Pepper & Diakon)

Main Course: Ishi Yaki Buri Bop (Rice dish prepared in a hot river stone bowl with King Yellow Tail- & Kobe Beef) for My Baby, and the Omakase (Chefs Choice Shitake Mushroom) Just like the TV show I was every bit what I hoped for and more!!! 

We finished dinner and passed on dessert because let's just say we had no place to put it :)... Morimoto's is every bit the restraint to be!!!
When I learned of Chef Morimoto's restaurant and they offer chef tasting, it was on my to try list. They offer three different tasting menus depending upon how much you want to spend. The difference is the type of seafood and meat. More uncommon and exotic choices are on the expensive choices.

Each dish had unique qualities, whether it be the complexity of the sauces or tiny additions to elevate the texture. Nine times out of time, it will be delicious and have flavors you probably haven't had before. My only complaint would be the cost. I think it was over priced for what I received.

I left enjoying the meal, but disappointed with the price and how fulfilled I was with the quantity of food.
More like Meh-rimoto! I must be spoiled by sushi in SF, because nothing I ordered here even came close to what I expect from my regular sushi places in SF. The prices here are also 2X what I normally pay. 

We came for happy hour and were seated in the lounge upstairs. It's quiet if you come on the right evenings, and it's pretty relaxing. The cocktails are alright, and probably the only thing I would get again if I ever came back (which is highly unlikely!). I ordered mostly off of the happy hour menu and finding that nothing was satisfying, started ordering nigiri off the regular dinner menu. I figured that for those prices, the fish must at least be fresh.

It wasn't. The aji was a disappointment, and so was the scallop. Really Morimoto? Is this the best you can do in Philadelphia?

My wallet couldn't afford to order more to see if the aji and scallop were just anomalies. But given the rest of the meal, I don't think they were. Totally underwhelming, worst $50 I ever spent on a meal. I had to go to a bar and order french fries afterward.

Never again, Morimoto.
My girlfriend and I decided to celebrate our graduation with a fancy meal out. We had saw this location online and thought it looks great and wanted to give it a try!
Both of us ordered the $125 Chef's choice morimoto omakase, recommended by our server, which included 6 courses and a dessert. truly this was an experience unlike any other.

For starters: the location.
The atmosphere of this restaurant is beautiful, it is filled with colorful lights that shine out of all of the seats and walls. These lights change and cycle through different colors which all provide a different sense/mood of the place. My only complaint would be parking but that is very typical within a city. 

The service:
It is extremely clear that they care very much for the experience of the customer. Our server was very kind and very attentive. He made jokes with us and guided us through each course of the tasting menu and his character greatly added to the dining experience. He replaced our silverware before each course and even cleaned any crumbs or spills on the table each time as well! The service receives a without a doubt 5 star rating from me.

Now, the food!
Before I get into the specifics I want to say this was the best meal I've ever had.

Now to start out the tasting menu was a dish that I unfortunately don't very clearly remember what was in it. Served inside of an egg shell on top of rice, it is the first dish I have pictured. This...was not good, especially compared to the rest of the meal. Our server did warn us of this though as it is typical for this dish to put some customers off, there might be some who love it but this dish was not for my palette.

Next we were served tuna belly tartare which had wasabi incorporated into it. Though my girlfriend felt this was just okay, I really enjoyed this. The flavor of the wasabi all the way through the tartare really was good. This dish was served in a bowl on ice which was a nice presentation touch. 

Following that came another dish that I unfortunately don't know the title of. It was a type of salad, the taste of the dressing is hard to describe but included into it was crab, octopus, cucumbers, and scallops. I was not a fan of the scallops but everything else was delicious, especially the crab and cucumbers. I really enjoyed the octopus as well, it was my first time ever trying. My girlfriend on the other hand did really enjoy the scallops so maybe it was just me. You'll notice a theme of each dish outperforming the last. 

Next was the intermission one bite wagyu tartar wrapped in Japanese mint. This technically does not count as a course as it is only one bite after all. This...was weird - I did not find comfort knowing I was eating raw beef and I think that turned my off from it completely. It was hard to get down.

Then comes course 4: the black cod miso.
And all I can say is wow 
Wow wow wow this is good
It is good to the point that after each bite I couldn't stop myself from dropping my head a bit with a satisfying sigh 
The char on the top added a really nice flavor and I absolutely loved the pickled peppers and mustard that accompanied it. This dish was a 10/10, my girlfriend even claims it is THE best dish she's ever had.

For me, however, the next dish topped it for sure: the Australian wagyu. This...this is the best thing I've ever eaten. Cooked absolutely beautifully to a perfect medium rare and seasoned to perfection. My only wish more came as the portion was small. This dish was absolute perfection, an 11/10.

Finally, the last entree course was a plate of 5 different sushi's 
These were all good but they honestly were not that special, I would've been much more satisfied if the meal ended on that wagyu or on the black cod 
But nonetheless they were still good, I'd absolutely enjoy them if it is all I ordered but put right after an Australian wagyu there is no comparison.
My favorite of this lineup was the eel. 

For the seventh and final course we were served a strawberry dessert. I thought it was quite nice. The fresh strawberries on top made it very refreshing and the base was a nice texture and had a creamy taste.

After all that we were definitely full, However, we did decide to get one more dessert! We got the fiery chocolate. This was a chocolate ball filled with miso ice cream and surrounded by brownies topped with meringue 
They served it to us and then proceeded to pour fire onto the chocolate ball, melting it down and revealing the ice cream. The brownies unfortunately tasted over cooked but the meringue was delicious and I thought the chocolate and miso ice cream combination was very good 

All in all this dining experience was over 3 hours long. My girlfriend will absolutely return, however this time I will be ordering the Australian wagyu while she orders the black cod miso.
In total the bill came to about $350 after tip. Which is definitely a bit much
However, 
The experience was amazing and I would highly recommend it
Decided to treat myself to Morimoto, walked in around 5:30pm and the restaurant was basically empty! There's also an upstairs which I haven't been to. And the bathroom is on the right of the entrance. 

Wasn't feeling too hungry so decided on the toro tartare and cha-soba. I knew the toro tartare would be small, but boy is it really small! Really wasn't a fan of this dish, and for $26. The toro itself is smashed up with a bit of caviar on top, scallions? Sprinkled on top, and inside there were crunchy bits... I'm not sure what the crunchy was but I kept thinking it was ice. No flavor, not cold, just crunchy. Didn't like it as it took away from the toro. 

Cha-soba was a hit! I was worried it'd be a small portion as well but it was actually medium to large portion, the soba was warm and really good texture. You can put a LOT of sesame seeds into the soy dish as well as some green onion scallions and wasabi, I wish there was more wasabi since it wasn't as spicy as flavorful as I liked but I really did like the soba would come back for it again.

Took forever to get the check though, had to ask server and 2 other people for the check: 10 mins later got the check!
When I lived in Philadelphia, I would pass by Morimoto's, and wonder if I would ever be able to afford the omakase menu. Now, over ten years later, I made my first reservation, and made sure I was hungry before attending. 

I was promptly seated at the sushi bar, and was given excellent service by the staff. Watching the food get prepared was a great way to heighten my excitement for each upcoming dish. Each plate was presented with gusto and style, and the flavors expanded with each bite. The fish dishes had that lovely, clean, "ocean water" flavor that comes from obvious freshness, and the grilled and poached dishes were delicate and brimmed with umami. 

Each successive dish seemed better than the last, although some were particular standouts, including the sashimi salad, the carpaccio and the toro tartare. Paired with sake, this was quite a meal to enjoy, although I did not have the stomach capacity (and nor the will/ability) to have the dessert, which my server kindly preemptively packed when I mentioned I was getting excessively full. 

Overall, excellent service, interesting decor, and delicious food. It definitely met my expectations, and I would love to try the omakase again when I return to Philly.
4.5 stars
Oysters, sushi (including 3 types of tuna) and the Wagyu carpaccio were all very good to excellent. I really liked the space and ambience. Service was excellent. 

I was recently diagnosed as celiac and dining out isn't what it used to be -- and can actually be quite stressful. Morimoto was very accommodating. Our server Leslie was outstanding -- in general, she was just very friendly, professional and attentive without ever being too much so. She checked with the kitchen on questions, was very confident in guiding my decisions and really put me at ease. 

Really an enjoyable meal and experience -- would return.
Obviously if you want the best sushi, you know by now to come here. What you also may know is that is will be quite expensive.

Please reserve Morimoto for the finer occasions and for those diners who don't mind sitting in funky wavy plastic seats for 2 hours.

If you love everything and are adventurous (and rich) take a night for Omakase, the chef's choice. The Iron Chef extraordinarire will prepare special dishes for you and even pair them with beverages. Feel special. Feel broke.
Have wanted to go to Morimoto since it opened 20 years ago (live in a different state).  It was worth the wait. And, I was able to bring my 16 year old son. We both LOVED it.

The ambiance: you feel like you are under water, it is both peaceful and simultaneous has a great vibe. So striking that even my son noticed and liked it. 

The waiter was attentive and helpful in guiding us.

We ordered:
Wagyu appetizer - cook yourself on a hot stone and dip into ponzu and top with smoked salt. Crazy good. 
Toro tuna tartar appetizer - my son loved this. 
Miso cod  - cannot go wrong here. Think Morimoto either invented or perfected this dish. Wow good. 
Some sushi including: toro, egg custard (my son proclaimed this to be the best egg shush he has ever had), a few other pieces and a roll. All fresh, simple, and crazy good. 
We saved room for dessert and had the flaming chocolate ball with raspberry ice cream, chocolate cake, tasted marshmallow, and fresh berries. I may never eat another dessert again. It was that good. Outstanding!

My son couldn't stop saying wow. A week later, he is still raving about it. Win for the family!
100th review on yelp and it broke the bank!!! I came here with my girlfriend to grab dinner and drinks. I've been here before but such a long time ago that I forgot the entire menu. I was very impressed with the menu, we ordered tuna pizza ( such thin crust with thinly sliced tuna that melts when you take a bite), seared scallops in a beat sauce ( scallops were perfect slightly crispy on the outside soft on the inside) we also ordered a spicy salmon roll and the entree was a mixed seafood dish in some amazing mushroom lemony broth. 

Dinner was awesome, my pockets left the restaurant empty but over-all fantastic experience.

One word of advice, don't even look or think about the sushi menu. The choices suck and you can get an equally great roll for half the price at Fat Salmon.
What was once the shining star of Philly's Asian-Fusion trend, and the first choice for sushi, is now a past it's prime spot looking to capture some tourist dollars by throwing some trendy words like "kobe" and "toro" onto the menu.

The phallic like lamps at the center of each table prove to be the most annoying thing of the dining experience.  Although many of the dishes are served family style, it's impossible to properly share with the large glowing dildo poking up from the middle of the table, always blocking at least 1 person from reaching the plate.

The surf and turf special comes out on an oversized plate with the tuna being tossed in a sauce table side.  When mixed with the cherry tomatoes and avocado, the subtle flavor of the yellow tail was completely lost.  The "kobe" steak was seared with a peppercorn like crust which was again so overpowering, the steaks flavor was ruined.  If you're ordering a kobe steak, you want to taste it; it shouldn't end up tasting like any other steak house cut.

Salmon sushi dish appetizer had a nice flavor with the glaze, portion size was nice and the table enjoyed it.

Individual sushi piece sizes are nice, although the rice could be just a tab bit sweeter.  Prices are per piece not per 2 like most places, so although the price doesn't look bad,, you're paying twice as much as anywhere else.  The rolls were assembled nicely, however there's nothing really that unique that stands out that you can't get anywhere else.  Nothing worth coming back for, there are much better sushi options in Philadelphia.

We had some form of bowl of tuna-seaweed concoction that was again tossed and dressed tableside, but I wasn't impressed enough to write down the name of it for this review.  It was ok, but not something I would ever order again.

Oh yea, be prepared to pay for royally for this experience.  $400 with tip for two couples sharing 2 entrees, a few roles and a couple of drinks.
My fantastic boyfriend brought me here for my birthday and we had a great time!
I got the $80 tasting menu and really enjoyed it. The sauces were fantastic and definately elevated the protein. My boyfriend got the waygu dumplings, a roll, and the kobe beef hot bowel, all of which were great! 
Drinks were also above average. I highly recommend the cilantro gimlet - delicious!
I only hope that the waitstaff split the tips fairly. Our waitress was fine but all she did was take down our order and bring our drinks.   Others brought us our food and expertly explained our dishes. 
It wasn't an every day meal, thats for sure, and it was definately worth the money!  I look forward to going back and absolutely recommend the tasting menu!
Delicious!  Finally got a chance to try the king yellowtail Buri Bop, cooked and served table-side, and it was a fantastic meal.  Lightly seared but still with the fresh rich flavor of raw yellowtail.  The rice is also very well seasoned, but I may ask them to go light on the sauce next time - their "little bit" was way too heavy.

Service was great, and the decor and ambiance modern chic.  The sencha tea was a total disappointment though, terribly bitter and otherwise flavorless - lacking the aromatic essence of sencha and tastes like it was soaked in lukewarm water.

Given how hard it is to get reservation for dinner on weekends, I was surprised how empty this place was on a weekday lunch.  Will be back to try more!
Morimoto is dead to me. I will never be back after my experience tonight. In the past, I had cherished the novelty of being able to drop by on a whim to order a freshly made ice cream flavor packed in a pint to go. I was hoping to take home a pint of their Vietnamese coffee ice cream tonight when I was greeted by a trio of unfriendly hostesses who all looked baffled by the concept that ice cream to-go would ever exist. They told me that maybe it was a promotion they were running in the summer only....which would explain why I had just gotten a pint in November. Then I was informed that it "just depends on what the pastry chef is doing" without any effort of maybe finding out exactly what the pastry chef was doing - perhaps the pastry chef was packing up some Vietnamese coffee ice cream in a to-go pint. 

These hostesses were haters and unwilling to help. And now I'm left frustrated and heartbroken as I grieve the loss of what was once a solid option for a delicious dessert to pick up close to home :(
I love Morimoto!  I've been eating here at least once a year for over 7 yrs.  I think my second year, I saw Morimoto at the sushi bar.  I asked the server for an autograph and I received a photo with his signature.  I enjoyed the martinis, hazelnut beer is my favorite.  Desserts were wonderful.  Bring your date here, fun times!

I tried many dishes over the years, I met my love.  The surf and turf, the fish seems to change.  It's the KOBE beef is what I really go for.  Have to order it raw, you'll taste everything!
Chef Morimoto and his colleagues on the original Japanese version of Iron Chef are the reasons I got into exploring food. Remember when Bobby Flay challenged Morimoto and jumped on the cutting board to "raise the roof", pissing Morimoto off?! I do! I watched the show religiously on the Food Network back in high school so a visit to Philadelphia would not be complete without a visit to his flagship restaurant. 

I don't know what it is about neon lights and Japanese restaurants in Philly but I guess it is OK since the food is special. The menu offers anything from a bowl of ramen to sushi and sushi tasting menus to savory hot dishes to omakase menus. There was no way to go about it but to choose the $150 omakase menu on this first visit which came with 8 courses. The restaurant was noisy and there are many components to each dish so we couldn't hear them all from our awesome waiter. 

1: Toro tartare with caviar. Delicious. I loved the crunchy element mixed in with the fish as well as the cold broth. The fresh-grated wasabi really elevated it through each bite did clear my sinuses each and every time. 

2: Soup. This was the mildest dish of the night but done really well. It contained snow crab meat, fish filet, uni and daikon. 

3: Sashimi sampler. This dish had items like bluefin tuna, barracuda and firefly squid among others. Everything was undoubtedly fresh and many of the items came from their seasonal sushi/sashimi menu. I didn't love the firefly squid and never like them whenever I have them. Matsuhisa in Beverly Hills often has it on their omakase, too. It is too briny for me. The barracuda was delicious and smokey. 

I started to get full right around here. 

4: Foie gras with unagi, apple and yuzu foam, crushed apples and shiso. This dish was so balanced. I generally don't eat foie gras but had to here since it is costing part of $150. This dish was simply and perfectly conceptualized and cooked. 

Palate cleanser of cucumber juice and lemon jelly served here. 

5: Scallop with black truffle soy sauce and crispy seaweed. Geez, I love me a perfectly cooked scallop and anything with black truffles. The crispy seaweed were very interesting. This dish was amazing but just a tad bit too salty. 

6: Japanese A5 wagyu with mushrooms and root vegetables and onion sauce. Simply blew my mind. This dish was so perfect. When you have fresh and high-quality ingredients, I think you have to really restrain yourself and they did so here by letting the food speak for itself. Served on a very hot sizzling platter, you can pour as much sauce as you'd like. Just beware of the spattering. You can spread out and cook your beef as much as you'd like. 

7: Sushi sampler. At this point, I was too full so taking more food in was becoming a challenge. My ears stopped working too because I didn't catch what was on the platter except bluefin tuna, orange clam and mackerel. I bit into one and knew right away I was not crazy at all about the texture of the rice. Much like Matsuhisa in Beverly Hills, sushi is not their strong suit in the omakase. I only ate the fish off the top and left the tuna roll untouched. 

I added one piece of uni because they had a special option from Hokkaido, Japan. It cost $14 for one piece and I had to make room for it. It was the best uni I've ever had. The pieces are smaller than you generally see in Santa Barbara sea urchins, almost like the pieces came from a miniature sea urchin or something. They stacked the piece deep with so much uni that I can barely feel and taste the rice. No complaints here! Please give this a try if you like sea urchin. You won't regret it. 

8: Cheesecake soufflé with fresh berries, strawberry wine sorbet, mango and passionfruit and avocado purée. This was the fluffiest and lightest cheesecake I've ever had. It wasn't too sweet which was great. The sorbet was good as was the passionfruit purée. The dessert could have used more crunchy and varying elements (like something sour like the passionfruit) though. 

I was only able to get through a quarter of the dessert before my fullness took over. We waddled out to our Uber ride slightly overwhelmed by the quantity of food we had taken in. I seriously think the food I took in could have fed two people satisfactorily. 

It was a delicious meal with minor flaws. Morimoto is special and did not disappoint.
First review of 2020, woo-hoo! So settle in for this straight up NOVELLA. Is this my longest review ever? You bet it is! [TLDR: Amazing meal that's well worth the price tag]:

Wow. Just wow. I'd highly recommend adding this place to your "must-eat' lists. I know, I know - there are obviously a ton of other wonderful, way more affordable restaurants in the city. And I'm aware this is a chain, of sorts. But if you're seeking an upscale, trendy experience with high quality food you can't always get elsewhere, then definitely check this place out. ESPECIALLY if you're looking to impress a date/a client/your in-laws, etc. 

We somehow, by the skin of our teeth, managed to snag a New Year's Eve reservation only 2 weeks beforehand. I opted for the 9:15 PM seating because that was the only time slot with table seating, rather than at the sushi bar counter. (**Protip: if you're on the shorter side, request a booth. I noticed that the side two-person tables are pretty high up and your feet will dangle.**)  

Now, on to the night. Ambiance is very modern/neon, a la Blade Runner 2049/LA hype. They did NYE with style, complete with black and gold balloons and a cool wall of glittery streamers and "2020" balloons in the hostess area for those of us (all of us) who wanted an IG photo op. Everyone - from the hostesses/coat checkers - to the bartenders, servers, food runners and managers - were incredibly welcoming, congenial, professional and stylish. I know that last one sounds like a weird thing to mention, but it was nice that the staff takes their time to groom/dress to impress and really reminds you of the amount of money you're spending on a nice night out. I wouldn't want ME at work (frizzy bun, no makeup, leggings) greeting me at a fancy restaurant, just saying. (Side note: bathroom area is like a damn SPA...very chic.)

We arrived about 20 minutes earlier than our reservation so they graciously offered us the upstairs lounge area to wait in until our table was ready, which was really nice since we didn't want to stand awkwardly in the entrance. What a beautiful area. VERY low-lit, but comfortable, and we ordered a few drinks (1 Chardonnay, 1 perfectly executed martini) at the bar. Our table was ready right at our reservation time.

Anyway, the FOOD. Everything from start to finish was not only impeccable and presented wonderfully, but came out at surprisingly rapid speeds, but not too fast that we couldn't enjoy it. We ordered:

Drinks at the table: Glasses Vino Verde to pair with the sushi, Malbec to pair with the steak. Great wine and cocktail selection, and obviously HUGE sake selection but I wasn't feeling that adventurous.

Starter: "Chef's Selection" sushi platter at the $65 tier. I think it had +/- 14 Nigiri pieces and 2 maki rolls (1 spicy tuna, 1 yellowtail scallion) and all were SO fresh and absolutely wonderful. A lot had wasabi already on them, so be forewarned.

Entrees: We each got the 12 oz. Wagyu beef strip, medium rare, served piping hot and sizzling on a cast iron, and drizzled with some type of hot garlic oil by the servers. (It's recommended you use your napkin as a bib for this portion if you're dressed nice/don't want burns). Welp, I just about had THE BEST STEAK OF MY LIFE. It doesn't need toppings/sides/fillers....nothing. It was THE quintessential medium rare, beautifully marbled, grade A red meat, with edible unctuous gristle and a crispy sear...seasoned simply but wonderfully, never sinewy, always melt in your mouth, yet not bloody. I stopped talking just to chew in silence, eyes closed, to appreciate this marvel. 

Side: We for sure didn't need this since the steak can hold its own as a solo act, but we decided to throw in some duck fried rice as a backup singer. Definitely a must-try when you're here. Incredibly flavorful and presented adorably with a gorgeous yolky duck egg atop a large fluffy/crunchy helping of rice (it can definitely serve 2 people). With the already artery-clogging steak, however, it was too much for one sitting. I should've ordered a veggie to brighten up the decadence. I doggy-bagged half my entree and half the rice and microwaved it for a bougie New Year's Day lunch (I know, sacrilege).

Dessert: The fiery chocolate tart, only cause I saw it on social and wanted to see it IRL. A perfect orb of glossy chocolate surrounding some type of liqueur-flavored ice cream, served with three mini brownies. VERY rich (what other way to end a rich meal?) but peppered with little delightful bites of fresh mystery fruit and edible flowers. 

Our server was efficient, very helpful with our questions about the menu and never once forgot to check in despite the insane crowd. A few times, someone who I believe was the floor manager also made sure to check on us, as well.

We didn't stay to see what midnight there entailed, but I imagine it was fun.

The bill was around $340, before tip. Obviously a high price tag, obviously well worth it. Would love to visit back!
This is one of my favorite sushi restaurants I have been too. My whole table did the omakase and I specifically did the seasonal option. Each dish was fantastic and I especially loved the toro tartare, uni tofu, wagyu beef, and banana pana cotta. It was eight courses so it took about 3 hours. Definitely a little too long for me, but food tasted great. Perfect for special occasion.
We went for an anniversary dinner, and it was as good as people said-- if not better. The service was beyond exceptional. It was our first time, and I don't eat seafood while the boyfriend does, so we weren't sure if we could only do one omakase. Our server, Makoto, was incredibly helpful letting us know that the omakase could be done however we liked -- only one could get it for himself or we could get it "for the table" and order other dishes.  Makoto was incredibly nice and genuine. 5 stars simply for the service! 

My boyfriend ended up getting the seasonal omakase while I ordered the Duck Duck Duck and wagyu dumplings. Though he has an 8 course meal, they brought over the food with good timing so it never felt like there was a long period where I didn't have food while he was eating. 

For his seasonal omakase, he had a toro tartare, tofu with sea urchin, a sashimi platter, octopus, a fish dish in broth, wagyu beef, a sushi platter, and his dessert. Each dish was presented as it was delivered- something very much appreciated. Overall, he was very impressed with the dishes saying they were unique and definitely held to a higher standard. His favorite was definitely the octopus with his second favorite being the tofu! It was both an interesting and tasty experience! They were also kind enough to include two palate cleansers (which was some sort of cold fruit jelly-tasty on its own!) for the both of us though it was mainly him eating the omakase! 

For me, the wagyu dumplings were possibly the most delicious thing I have eaten. To be honest, I wasn't expecting too much, but the second I bit into them-- I was so wrong. They are so packed with flavor, and the beef starts off in your mouth as beef and somehow melts on your tongue! The broth it was in was also absolutely delicious as well as the pairings with the radish. The Duck Duck Duck was equally as amazing. Makoto said it was one of his favorites, and I can see why! The duck itself was so well flavored, and the skin was incredibly crispy. One of my favorite parts was the flavor of the lotus root pieces that came with it! The rice on the side was also incredible and very very filling. 

For desert, his seasonal omakase came with a delicious cake like desert that tasted like gingerbread. It was paired with Asian pear and had a custard-y filling inside. I ordered a Matcha Matcha Matcha (to go with the Duck Duck Duck of course) as well, and I love the taste of matcha. It was paired with a matcha ice cream which really was the icing on top of a wonderful dinner.
Everything here was amazing and has become hands down one of my favorite places.  

We started off with the Tuna Tataki which comes with green apple wasabi and charred scallion miso, topped with fresh micro greens. The green apple wasabi caught our eye since it sounded so different and unusual, and we are very happy we went for it.  It was not spicy, but was tart and refreshing.  The charred scallion miso comes in tiny droplets that encompasses the tuna slices, but it is bursting with flavor. 

Wagyu Beef Carpaccio is most certainly a must get. It's thinly sliced beef with yuzu soy and hot oil.  It's not too spicy at all and is super tasty.

The Rock Shrimp Tempura is also delicious. It's served almost like the size of popcorn shrimp and the breading to shrimp ratio is perfect. It's a pretty generous portion too.  It's not too spicy (but I have a relatively high spice tolerance) - more like sweet with a little kick.

The Yosedofu is amazing and is another must get especially if you are a vegetarian (not me).  The tofu is served in a hot stone bowl in its liquid form.  The server pours puts seasoning in it in front of you and stirs and closes the lid to let the tofu settle (less than 10 minutes) - and voila!  Freshly made tofu with crab ankake (delicious!) and soy with crunchy rice balls.  All the sausces and toppings come on the side so you can do what you please.

Swordfish and scallop from the seasonal sashimi bar were also good (it is one piece per order) and you can never go wrong with probably the freshest spicy tuna roll in Philadelphia.

As for the Sauteed Foi Gras and Grilled Eel served with sake-meyer lemon, asian pear, and sansho pepper... this melts in your mouth.  The eel is grilled to prefection and is nice and tender and flaky.  For those who don't like eel due to its briny/fishy taste, give it another go at Morimoto with this dish.

We tried the entree "Duck Duck Duck." which is roasted duck breast with mandarin oolong reduction served with a bowl of duck confit fried rice topped with duck egg. This also was super tasty.  The duck fried rice looks like it has small dried currents in there, but I am not entirely sure what it is but it didn't matter because everything was so finger lickin' good.

We also got a side of Japanese mushrooms sauteed with sake butter - delicious! 

We ended our stay with Mango Pudding served with coconut-green tea sorbet, passion fruit cream, lemon yogurt, and a large chunk of sumi meringue.  It is also garnished with a fresh pansy. I don't know what to say about this one except besides that we were pretty much licking the bowl clean. The pudding was so fluffy and that with the combination of the sorbet, lemon, and passion fruit...it's a symphony of flavor.

We were also eye balling the Fiery Chocolate Tart (which is a salted caramel ganache, with chocolate sorbet, marshmallow, and almonds).  It's served in  a chocolate ball and they light the ball on fire and the contents inside the ball gets exposed.  We ended up not getting it since it may be chocolate overkill for me, but I am sure it's amazing.  I saw multiple tables order it and its super cool to look at.

Other notes - interior and decor is beautiful and services is more than great.  The staff are super attentive and knowledgeable.  We asked if we were ordering too much, and our server gave his honest opinion and said yes.   But we ordered anyway hahaha.  I dropped my napkin and picked it up and in literally a blink of an eye, the manager was standing in front of me with a new one.  I wasn't even going to ask!  

Definitely a go to place and anything - casual dining to date night to special occasions. You'd be missing out I promise!
There is a lot of sushi restaurants in Philly.  My suggestion is to sit at the bar at Morimoto and order a few ala carte pieces of sashimi.  After a few minutes, you will realize that there is only one sushi joint in Philly, and that is Morimoto. 

For the butcher of the fish and the masterful creation of the sushi, there is no other joint that compares.  I strongly recommend this place as an education into what sushi is supposed to be. Delicate flavors and astoundingly fresh fish is the standard here. 

As for the full dinner menu, I can't comment. I always sit at the bar. It's much less expensive this way, too.
My girlfriend, her father, his girlfriend, and I sat down for a very good meal at the Iron Chef's eponymous restaurant.  The first thing you'll notice is the stunning interior of glass blocks, uplighting, and stark white seating.  I was pretty familiar with the menu from reading various reviews, so I knew what I wanted to order.  In total we tried:

Morimoto Sashimi, Pork Kakuni, Morimoto Ramen Soup, kobe ishi bop, the new york strip, the miso cod, and the seafood sampler.  

The morimoto sashimi was my favorite item.  You put your sushi selection in the hands of the chef and I was not disappointed in the least.  O-Toro, bluefin tuna, hamachi, salmon, and softshell crab.  There were two sauces (a pesto and a red pepper) and the bluefin was served with guacamole that was amazing.  

The entrees, in all honesty, were a bit of a let down.  The miso cod was decent, if a bit too sweet, the steak was a bit overdone, the ishi bop was a cool presentation but tasted like standard fried rice.  The seafood medley was actually very good.  

I can't review this place without talking about the cocktails.  They were super expensive, super tasty, but also very, very light on the alcohol.  That was a bit of a bummer. 

The service was phenomenal.  Some of the best in the city.  

If cost is not an issue, I'd definitely rate it as one of the best in the city.  But, for most people, cost is an issue and you can eat at any number of places in the city (Zento's chef worked at Morimoto for the better part of a year) for far less money.
What a meal! Originally, my boyfriend and I were going to go to Nan Zhou for dinner but they had no more hand-pulled noodles. So we decided to go to Morimoto instead. I was pretty amazed that we managed to get in without a reservation, but there were actually several tables available and plenty of seats at the sushi bar. We went around 10:30pm on a Saturday, which is a time I thought would be packed to the rim. We were very fortunate to have gotten a table at this fabulous restaurant and enjoyed an amazing meal. 

The interior of the restaurant is very swanky and modern. Dim lighting and trendy decor makes the inside look like we stepped into an ultra hip place, vastly different to the street outside. There's a large sushi bar in the back where you can watch the chefs prepare each sushi painstakingly and lovingly. We overheard a few servers say that Morimoto himself was actually in the kitchen that night but was too busy to come out to the dining area. 

For appetizers, we ordered the Kumamoto oysters and the toro tartare. The toro tartare was fantastic. They recommend placing a little bit of wasabi (fresh and housemade) on your chilled spoon and then dipping it into the tartare. Amazing. After all the tartare is gone, finish with the yangmei berries on the side which act as a palate cleanser to the tartare. 

I ordered Morimoto's ramen soup and we shared orders of yellowtail and spicy tuna sushi rolls. The ramen soup, while not much quantity-wise, was delicious. So simple - chicken noodle broth, thin noodles, and pieces of chicken - and yet so tasty and perfect for the windy, cold night. Warms you straight up inside and makes you feel like you've been wrapped in a hug. The sushi was also fantastic and you could tell that the chefs really paid close attention to every detail. The rice was the perfect temperature and ingredients were all fresh. 

Everything I had here was phenomenal. Oysters were great. Loved the tartare, loved the ramen soup, loved the oysters. This meal definitely deserves 5 stars for the attention to detail the chefs pay to every portion of the meal, for the great service we had, and for the experience.
Morimoto's was so very good. I was surprised to see some of the negative reviews on here.

Our server (whose name I don't know because he didn't give it to us) was very attentive and personable. He made suggestions, but didn't force them upon us. I had the Sparkling Pear as my cocktail and my husband had the Morimoto Rogue Hazelnut. I was peeved to see the 100% upmark on the Rogue just for putting Morimoto on the label, but I digress.

We started with Rock Shrimp Tempura and Hamachi. The Rock Shrimp was divine, but the portion was HUGE for an appetizer. I wish we'd known. The shrimp was perfectly fried and had a nice kick at the end. Yum. The hamachi melted in your mouth like butter. The flavor was light, sweet, with a hint of BAM due to the jalapeno.

For an entree, I had the Surf and Turf. The kobe was juicy and flavorful. It wasn't overseasoned, so I was able to taste the flavor of the meat. It came with a side of hamachi. The portions were perfect. My hubs had the Black Cod Miso. The fish was flaky and tender, but a little too sweet for me.

And finally, for dessert... the Mary Jane Brownies. I liked it and I didn't. The hemp seeds were an odd flavor for me, but the brownie itself was rich and fudgy. A perfect slice of chocolate goodness.
The food definitely lived up to the reputation.  Sushi was one of the very best I've had in this country.  $80 omakase was creative and delicious.  And the cold sake we had was amazingly good.  5 stars.

The only thing we didn't like about our time there was our waiter.  He was arrogant and almost condescending, maybe because we ordered the least expensive course?  He even shook his head when he tried to take a plate away and we asked him to leave it.  Speaking of which, all the staff are very keen on taking plates away.  We probably asked 5 times to leave the dishes we were still working on.

The decor is a little too hip/clubby to my taste.  With food this good, a simple, chic decor should suffice.
I have been to morimoto twice, and I absolutely love the food here. My favorite dishes in order are the Chilean sea bass (for anyone who has had a poor experience with badly cooked Chilean sea bass at other restaurants, PLEASE give it another shot here). It is SO tender and buttery, and it absorbs all the flavor from the delicious lemon and buttery sauce. Next I think it is worth to get 2oz to 4oz of A5 wagyu. It is so tender and fatty, but 2oz was definitely enough for me (by the end I couldn't handle more richness). 

I also loved the white fish carpaccio and toro tartare. The toro tartare is a small portion so if you are capitalizing on amount of food, maybe not an order, but I will definitely order it the next time I come! I think the crab cakes are a pass, but only because everything else is so amazing in comparison.

The desserts also are not as stellar, but I think the main highlights are the fish dishes (sashimi and sushi here are amazing).  Anyways, definitely a great meal (worth the splurge). It's not too crowded (even on Friday night) so you don't need to worry about making a reservation more than a day or two in advance. 

Just a note on the ambiance - feels like a modern, upscale restaurant much more than the traditional, French fine dining vibe. Definitely liked it though (pairs well with the idea of chic Japanese cuisine).
To start the service was wonderful all around, I went with two friends a few weeks ago, and my one friend asked the server just to bring us his favorite things and we would tell him when we were full.  As a bit of a control freak this made me anxious - very anxious - but it turned out to be one of the best experiences I have had in a long time.  Raymond was our server, and everything he sent out was a hit.  He himself was attentive, friendly and clearly knows what he is doing. 

In general the food is fresh, beautifully presented, and every dish has enormous flavors and layers to it.  The drinks are also amazing, down to my first time with sake.   It is definitely a place to go for an experience, not just a meal. 

In detail the whitefish carpaccio was delicate, with amazing flavors - simple but one of the favorite dishes of the night.  The bone marrow special was something I would never have ordered myself, but could not stop going back to.  I do not see it on the menu but the foi gras was rich and beautiful. 
The sushi rolls (spicy salmon and eel) were very good, and very fresh. 
The Buri Bop is prepared at the table, and has the most amazing, earthy flavors, with sweet delicate yellowtail. 
The favorite dish of the night was the Seafood Toban Yaki - again just so many flavors, not overpowering the wonderful seafood.  
The desserts were both chocolaty as requested and to die for as full as we were we couldn't stop.
I wish I could give 3 1/2 stars, because overall my meal was a really good experience, and 3 stars strikes me as overly lukewarm. The truth is, my meal was delicious but for the close to $500 (for two people, including tax and tip) I paid to eat here, I expected more creativity and uniqueness. Instead I felt like I paid a huge amount of money for some really high quality sushi. 

This was a big splurge for my boyfriend's 30th birthday, so we each got the $120 omakase and $65 drink omakase. The waitress was excellent and was willing to adjust the drink omakase to suit our tastes, which I really appreciated. 

The first course of the omakase, the tuna tartar, was definitely the best, and showed the type of creativity I was expecting. The crunch of the crispy shallots, and the flavoring of the broth, along with the super high quality tuna, was just unbelievable. The next three raw bar courses - three kumato oysters, scallop and whitefish with a sea urchin, and sashimi salad. The quality of the ingredients was truly evident in each course, and the flavorings of the sauces on the oysters was really good. The sashimi salad had a tartar like sauce and a carrot vinaigrette that was really delicious. 

The entree courses were, in my opinion, where the meal lost me a bit. The first course, lobster with bok choi, we were warned was very spicy, and the lobster was even served with creme fraiche for people who found the spice overwhelming. However, I barely tasted any spice at all - frankly, the seasoning tasted like Old Bay and was rather underwhelming. The second course, wasabi encrusted Waygu short rib, was delicious, and the short ribs were melt in your mouth tender. But I didn't feel that the preparation wasn't anything I hadn't seen many times before. The third course was sashimi, which was again, super high-quality but nothing new. One of the pieces of sashimi, the giant clam, was something I had never had the opportunity to try before, so I appreciated that. 

The dessert was really good - a cherry blossom cheesecake that was delicious. 

The drink omakase was good, a lot of white wines, a few sakes, one glass of red wine and two glasses of sparkling wine (this was a slightly altered drink omakase because I told the waitress I did not enjoy sweet sakes and wines.) I wish more restaurants would include cocktails in their drink tasting menus, though. 

I guess the bottom line is that I probably went here expecting the wrong thing. I'm used to tasting menus where you're getting a chance to try things that you've never experienced before, things that are truly unique experiences. Instead, at Morimoto I got very nice versions of things I had eaten several times before. If it hadn't cost so much, I most likely would have been satisfied with the meal.
Still a 5 star for me, and I do not think they will ever go down. I got just sushi this time and it was off the chain as normal. I also was able to sneak a bit of seasonal soft shelled crab. Which was super light and served in some amazing sauce. For desert I had the daily ice cream, which was like a vanilla espresso ice cream. Which I believe they roasted the beans so they became crunchy and was a great  texture element to the ice cream. 

For my main the sushi I chose were the chu toro, yellowtail, red snapper, ice fish, spanish mackerel and I decided to get a spicy tuna roll.  All awesome choices and I honestly could not decide which piece I liked best as they were all good. This is a highly recommend restaurant for me as the dishes are almost indescribable and unique; so come check it out for yourselves.
