I have a list, a mile long, of places to review and restaurants to try in Philadelphia, but the Moshulu keeps calling my name. 

What is the Moshulu? Well it is a Grand Ship, docked in Philadelphia and over a century old.

I adore the Moshulu and have dined here several times, both on the Deck and in the main dining room downstairs. The only reason I am not giving them 5 Stars, is because it costs $12.00 to park and then patronize their restaurant.  Hopefully this money is going to the city!

My Hubby and I were in Philly last Saturday and we were heading towards Tony Luke's, to try one of their famous cheesesteaks. Unfortunately the weather was not cooperating with us and we were not sure if it was all outdoor seating, like Geno's and Pat's, so I said lets go to the Moshulu.  Yes! He said Yes!

We dined in the main dining room and I am always torn between their superb Tortilla soup or their Lobster Bisque. Hubby got the Bisque and I got the Tortilla Soup, which is the best of both worlds, if your are best friends with your partner! 

Since we had both planned on having Sandwiches, I had the open faced Filet Mignon on a grilled crusty bread with a horseradish and red wine Au jus. It also was blackened and served with lettuce, tomato and onion. It was dynamite! My hubby had their bacon Prime Cheeseburger with smoked Mozzarella and caramelized onions. I've had that before and it is one of the best burgers I have ever sunk my teeth into! 

I did notice on this last visit, they are Vegetarian and Kosher friendly, so just mention it, when you call or arrive.

I'm pretty sure the stand at the Phillie's Ball Park is Tony Luke's. If, so I stood in long lines and I did indeed have one and it was good, but just to make sure, we will try them on another day. 

If you have a moment, please take the time to read about the Moshulu's History. It was born in 1904 and was owned and confiscated by many. It has traveled the globe and Philly should be proud to be it's final resting place. I know I am. 

http://www.moshulu.com/site/history.asp
I have been on the Moshulu maybe twice, but it has never been to eat it was for parties. So I was definitely skeptical. I searched good Brunch spots with bottomless mimosas. I viewed the menu and decided to have my birthday brunch here. I assumed the pricing would be outrageous, but it really wasn't.

My servers name was Gary, and let me tell you. Gary was the man! My glass was never empty for longer than a few moments. Gary was on it! His personality was AWESOME and he made my experience delightful. He was very attentive. He started off my birthday right, and kept us all laughing. And he's from NJ!! The Moshulu has a GREAT employee! (If you go ask for Gary!)

The mimosas. Always appreciated. Even more appreciated when I have OPTIONS. Mimosas, Peach Bellinis, Kir Royals, Poinsettias... All bottomless. I had a party of 7, so Gary just put the juice on our table, and let us pick and choose. It was nice to taste everything. And at only 14 dollars, who is complaining?

Coffee Cake was brought to the table for everyone to share. Now traditionally in my opinion, coffee cake is usually rather dry, so I generally stay away from it. But THIS coffee cake was very moist! It left all of us shocked, and the plate empty.

My first course, I picked the VANILLA LIME YOGURT PARFAIT with Berries, Ginger Almond Streusel. In my book, anything with ginger just HAS to be right. I must admit I didn't taste hints of lime or the ginger, but either way it was delicious. Definitely not a lot, but just enough.

For my main course I got the chicken and waffles. I chase chicken and waffles around the world. Once I tried Roscoe's, I was hooked. I've been looking for something comparable ever since. To my complete utter surprise... They nailed it! The dish traditionally comes with country gravy, but I asked for mine without. This dish will bring me back and keep me talking about it.

For dessert, I had my own cake from the outside. But my man Gary delivered it and sang Happy birthday to me with my friends! Super sweet!

My experience was AWESOME. This is the best brunch I've been to in a while. That Gary, is a GEM! Don't cheat yourself, go visit them on Sunday's for brunch!
Loaded with history, the Moshulu is also loaded with great food, ambiance and service!

Dining on the deck or dining in the restaurant downstairs are totally different experiences, both for the menu choices, atmosphere and service!

Although, I still feel both are pleasant and good. I prefer the deck, for the casual light fare, sunshine and gazing. 

I have been there several times, since they reopened and I was quite pleased each time. 

I have had lunch on the deck and I have dined in the "dungeon". Now that I was not thrilled with, we were stuck way in the back and it was dark and claustrophobic, but the food and the service were impeccable.

 I LOVE their tortilla soup and the lobster bisque is very good. The filet and the pork medallions are awesome. The burger is memorable. 

They put a lot of thought and effort into their side dishes and the way they "dress" and compliment their entrees.

I have not tried the Sunday Brunch, but after reading the menu just now, that is a bargain, for what you get, for the price and it would be a great way to sample their food without dealing out the big bucks! I always left there quite happy and I know I will return in the near future. 

Food is awesome! Service is Grand! I am Happy!
We are all entitled to our own opinions, right? Well here's mine:

Parking: 4
Location: 4
Decor/ambiance: 5
Customer Service: 5++

Amazing spot to have a romantic dinner with your lover! This place is great! The food is amazing and the ambiance is so romantic! My cousin had a surprise engagement dinner here with his girlfriend where he invited all of us (his family) out to support. The staff were so accommodating. The main server's name was GREG. He worked so well with all of us and took care of all of our needs. He worked wonderfully with my cousin Eric to make sure the surprise proposal was a success... and YES she said "YESSSS"!

On the other note parking is a beast during certain hours. The views are so awesome and the food is amazingggg! Also... the food came quick which is awesome for a party the size we brought along.
Dining on an old ship doesn't get any better than this...
 
I'm a big fan of the Moshulu as you can tell by my updates and even more so now, since they have greatly changed their menu and have a new supplier for beef. I had always thought of them as more of a seafood restaurant, but the creative menu has a vast offering of beef, veal, chicken, duck and fewer seafood entrees. The dining room is much more welcoming than I remember from past visits, with a very friendly and younger staff. In the warmer months I always choose to sit on the deck and it is a totally different scene from their formal dining room, however the large bar and lounge has a large seating area, which is a bit more relaxed.
 
I started with the Kobe beef sliders, which were two mini burgers, served medium rare unless you would like to change that, but we so enjoyed our bite sized burgers that were topped with grilled red onion, melting cheddar cheese on brioche rolls with a chipotle Mayo. This was my first time trying Kobe beef and I was quite pleased at the flavor and texture. With this we had ordered hand cut fries which were perfectly crisp and golden brown, sprinkled with sea salt and topped with plenty of shaved parmesan cheese, hello yum!
 
I love how they serve their lobster bisque, they bring the large sized bowl to the table with the lobster, shrimp and diced roasted tomatoes in the bowl and then pour the bisque from a heated metal pitcher to insure a hot bowl of soup, the bisque is delicious! The addition of shrimp is a bonus and something I had never seen before, but I'll take it!
 
For my entree I had three very large Viking Village Diver scallops that were pan seared and tender, served with a black truffle parsnip puree, chestnut sweet potato gnocchi, baby Brussels sprouts and panchetta, yeah, that's what I said, are you drooling yet? I honestly could not tell you which part of the dish I liked better as it was all so very delish!
 
My husband had a large center cut filet, that they boast is Creek Stone premium Black Angus, corn fed from Kansas, not sure we needed to know all of that until we tasted the filet which cut like butter and melted in our mouth. There is a $12.00 charge for bearnaise sauce, which I find ridiculous, but our server was kind enough to bring a small souffle cup with enough in it for me to top my few bites with. The bearnaise was just okay, mind you I am very picky about my bearnaise sauce and usually make my own at home and carry it along with me, oh shut up! Any way, after slathering my few bites of filet offered from hubby, I put the rest of the sauce on the scallops, oh my gosh, so good!
 
With this my husband had duck fat roasted potatoes with winter herbs and a garlic aioli, very good, but there is an additional charge of $8.00 which is the norm when fine dining. Oh and a shout out to our outstanding waiter, Chris, he was so friendly, informative and professional all at the same time and he's cute!
 
I started with a beautiful and well chilled martini, very dirty and perfectly made, we skipped desserts as we were bad and had not finished our meals, some things never change...  

Note: See previous review if interested in a little history of this glorious old ship, in fact it is the world's oldest, largest four masted ship that's still afloat. Parking is $12.00 per vehicle.
My wife brought me here on a Saturday for brunch on my birthday, and wowee! My first thought was "This meal is about to cost us half a month's salary," but boy (or girl, trans person, or gender non-conforming person) I couldn't have been more wrong! The prices were steep for some of the dishes, but honestly not so bad for the quality and quantity of food, plus being on a boat and being able to look out into the water. 

My wife got the salmon and grits, which were spicy, but cooked perfectly (flaky fish and creamy grits). I got the cheesesteak omelette, which was actually like 102% better than I thought it would be. The meat was sooo tender and flavorful, it was FULL of cheese and the portion was big! I mean not bigger than I could handle, but big! We then ordered avocado toast for my kiddo which was only $8. Eight bucks for 1/2 of an avocado on toast? Sounds crazy, but when you typically pay $15 for the same thing in most other places, this was a steal! Since it was my birthday (and also since we like sweets) we got the pecan pie in a jar for dessert, which was soooooo damn perfectly sweet and creamy and crunchy and drippy and delicious. 

I highly recommend this place!!! 

Also, if you're driving, note that the parking lot is $20.
I've heard mixed reviews of the Moshulu from coworkers, friends and other Yelp reviews, but I'm glad we ending up coming here to make our own decisions. We made reservations for my birthday dinner and the service and food did not disappoint. We had the chicken dumplings as a starter, and they were tasty and great for sharing. For my entree, I got the salmon. The salmon skin was perfectly crispy and although the baked potatoes didn't have any "fixings" it was so good that it didn't need any. I was thoroughly impressed with our meal as well as the impeccable service.
I enjoyed a celebration here wirh five friends and truly enjoyed the experience. The restaurant is an iron four masted bark rigged grain ship from the last century!

The atmosphere is elegant. Wooden decks and glowing lamps warm you up for a dining experience. We were greeted cheerfully and guided to a table in the stern section. 

The menu is very simple but has a fine selection of seafood and some turf for those who enjoy land more. We began with a fine bottle of merlot and two dozen oysters from Olympia oysters Washington State, some Calimari and a a plate of octopus. That was just starters!

Moving on to mains, I enjoyed immensely the Bronzono A La Plancha while others had salmon and lamb. We all started oh my'ing and ah'Ing of each other's dishes and forced samples onto each other. 

Last was a glass a scotch and a walk about the main deck to enjoy the view of the Delaware River. 

So satisfying.
You must shield yourself from the erroneous reviews for this restaurant. Any human being giving this place less than a 4 or 5 must have confused this with another restaurant. This place was remarkable in every way.
At first, we sat on the not-so-scenic side with the view of 95. We asked if we could be on the river side and were taken over there with no problems. My fiance and i both ordered the lobster bisque and the chicken and gnocchi. The lobster bisque was phenomenal.  It was thinner than most bisques I've had which allowed for more flavors to come out, rather than be drowned out in a sea of heavy cream. The chicken was the tenderestestest meat that has ever graced this planet. It melts like butter in your mouth. It came with gnocchi, mustard greens, tomatoes, and chestnuts. All the flavors work together to make you forget all the times you were lonely and sad.
To further the star rating, we were given free hummus and pumpernickel in addition to the rosemary bread and honey butter served. The service was friendly and welcoming. The prices were high but every penny was worth it due to the flavor of the food and the amount of food you get.
What a lovely treat! Even more lovely than I could imagine! We were welcomed onto this boat ever so warmly. We made reservations first and foremost.
We had a lovely seat of you water facing New Jersey. It really was relaxing and lovely. Our waiter was magnificent. He started off by talking about the drinks. His description of the mango Mojito was very enticing... So I ordered it! It was so flavorful and so delicious. Refreshing!
As I'm looking at this interesting menu which is in a brass picture frame?. I am very distracted looking around the inside of this boat and other people enjoying them selves. I watch  plates being served to nearby guests. The food looked beautiful!
Oooo la la!  I noticed somebody had the salmon so I ordered the same!  I saw  quinoa and colorful vegetables and a lovely sauce. 

HeAven! I'm in heaven!! The taste of it was so magnificent and I didn't feel overwhelmed by that portion. The colors of each ingredient was visible... Not hidden by some gravy or sauce. The sauce was actually framing the outside in a very artistic manner. The texture of the food was perfection,  as was the flavor. Obviously very much attended to by the chef. Bravo!!! It was REALLY  a special treat for the tongue!!!! 

Mercy. Is that all? Alas! 
How could I turn down dessert after seeing there is something called hummingbird cake with vanilla bean ice cream on the side!

 It didn't disappoint not only was it adorable to look at but with two spoons it made it a prefect sweet delight to share!! A kiss of cinnamon on the pecans... Everything prepared with a divine touch! 

Fresh and delicious... Just like the other two things I put on my lips!

The manager came to the table and checked on us and shared some stories about the vessel. Very friendly fellow. Genuinely warm and kind.

After dessert we walked around the boat and enjoyed the nighttime cool breeze. Other passengers enjoyed sitting on deck very plush lounge seating and enjoyed conversing with each other. The music was a mixer relaxing music. Sade and Bossa nova... for example.

The food , service and atmosphere easily makes this my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.
If negative stars were possible....
First off I would like to say that I understand that the restaurant is busy on holidays and the level of service and food quality is probably going to suffer. BUT this experience has angered me to the point of vowing NEVER to eat at the Moshulu ever again.
SO my new years eve starts off by getting to the restaurant at 6:50pm. I had a reservation for 7:00pm. My date and I were seated after about a 10 minute wait. Not bad, we were seated at 7:00pm. It was a great start to the evening. We ordered 2 glasses of wine and patiently waited for our waiter/waitress to come and take our order. I have exact time stamps because it took our waiter/waitress that long to get to our table. 

7:13pm - Waiter comes to the table and takes order for the 4 course meal.

             She had: Tuna Tartare (Appetizer), Mushroom Soup (Soup/Salad), Ribs (Main) and the cheesecake (Dessert)
             I had: Pork Belly (Appetizer), Lobster Bisque (Soup/Salad), Duck (Main) and the Creme Brulee (Dessert)

....... - While we waited for our appetizer to come out we noticed that some of the staff were confused as to which tables got which dishes.

7:48pm - Waiter comes over and tells me that the appetizer would be right out.

7:52pm - Waitress comes over with 2 Mushroom Soups places them down and just as she is about to pour the soup into the bowl I tell her that we didn't get our appetizers yet. I tell her that I would like to speak with a manager. Manager comes over and I tell him that I am extremely disatisfied with the service here and that I am leaving. Manager continues to say that because it is busy the level of service had suffered and that he would do everything he can to rectify the situation. (At this point both her and I are beyond starving.) The manager convinced us to stay stating that he would also take something off our bill and try his best to salvage our RUINED NYE dinner. Keep in mind that we were hungry when we got to the restaurant and at this point we were to a point where we just weren't hungry anymore.

8:10pm - Appetizer FINALLY makes it out. She ate her Tuna Tartare and I had a bite of my pork belly which I found extremely salty. I offered some to my date and she found it extremely salty as well. [Tuna Tartare was finished/Pork Belly was half finished]

8:24pm - Waiter takes our appetizers away and the manager brings us our soup. At first they brought out 2 Mushroom Soups. NOT RIGHT, I ordered the Lobster Bisque, should have stuck with the Mushroom Soup... The Mushroom Soup was very nice. The Lobster Bisque was not as impressive. The Lobster Bisque was very flavorful but yet again, a bit too much salt for my taste. [Mushroom Soup was finished/Lobster Bisque was barely touched]

8:47pm - The Main Course comes out she had ordered ribs and get some kinds of EXTREMELY DRY braised beef dish and I get the Duck, which was cooked to perfection and tasted great, but at this point we were both so disappointed and frustrated that almost nothing had gone right with dinner, we had completely lost our appetite. We didn't even want our dessert and just wanted our bill because we were now running late for our other plans. Manager comes over and says, "We just can't get anything right for you 2 tonight" and continued to say that he would get the desserts packed to go. We reluctantly took the dessert and paid the $140 bill. I wasn't going to leave a tip BUT my date said that it wasn't the right not to leave a tip and left a $60 tip because the original bill came out to $250 + wine. I believe $200 is a lot to pay for the quality of food and the quantity of food eaten. We ended up eating at a McDonalds later on that night because we got hungry and we didn't want to continue drinking on a nearly empty stomach. Moshulu forced me to eat McDonalds as my last meal of 2014... Thank you Moshulu....
We wanted to try somewhere new in Philly and thought this would be fun for our girls.  I do recommend sitting outside -there are two outdoor sections.  One for light food/appetizers and drinks which don't need reservations and another with mostly high tops.  You can see the Battleship New Jersey.  The live music was nice and our server was very friendly.  The food was just okay.  For some reason, most of our dishes came out cold.  The lobster bisque was good but it was lukewarm so we asked them to warm it up.  The mussels were good but again cold.  The Branzino was actually hot, but the rice underneath it was ice cold.  

I would come back here and sit in the outdoor lounge area and get some drinks and listen to the live music but take a pass on the food.
I made reservations on Open Table Monday morning for an anniversary dinner Monday night and needless to say, I'll never go back.

At this point in time with COVID, I feel like service surpasses food. People want to get out of their houses and have experiences and if you can't provide that, then what's the point?

I requested in my reservation to be close to the water and I specified we were celebrating an anniversary as well. When we arrived, it took them a while to find my reservation, they just turned the iPad around so I could find it and said "we will get you seated in a moment". They come minutes later to seat us and they walk us to a table in a hallway. The table is in a hallway on the side of the boat that's docked even. So I asked the girl who seated us If we could be close to the water, she says "no this is all we have" and walks away. After a few moments of collecting myself, I go back to her and I ask for another table, even at the bar area, but not in the hallway and she says "the bar is closed" and then turned away and continued to go about cleaning a table. So let me get this straight, you want me to dine in this restaurant spending $40 just for one entree in a hallway for my anniversary? I AM DISGUSTED by even the suggestion. We left, and the restaurant could have cared less that we did leave. -
If I could give negative stars I would. Service was non-existent. Sat down fairly quickly which was nice, the down side is we waited over 25 minutes and no server came to greet us or take our order. 

The server for our table checked in with all the tables around us but didn't bat an eye at us. With all the servers running around and the limited tables available you would think someone would come by and greet us.

Definitely not worth the hype of dining on a boat. Menu selection was smaller than the drink menu. If you want good food and drinks walk over to city center and your options will be endless. 

This place was just full of hype and not worth the drive. Parking is expensive and the place clearly doesn't want to cater to minorities or even acknowledge them.
There are so many better restaurants to be had in the city. I guess the novelty of eating on a boat is cool or whatever, but you know what's even cooler? Good food. And I hate to say it but this place is overpriced and underwhelming. 
I seriously dislike any place that makes you pay for bread, like they did here. And if I'm paying for it it shouldn't be basic bitch bread, like it was. Warm that jawn up or something. We also split a very overpriced sushi roll which was ok but I've had way better sushi way cheaper. 
For our mains I got the swordfish which was really dry and flavorless. Would not recommend. It tasted like I ordered swordfish at a diner, not at a high priced seafood restaurant. Fiancé got a NY strip I believe which he said was ok but nothing blew him away. Dessert was pretty good...I forgot what it was called but we got some kind of chocolate pudding in a jar with other chocolate things on top. 
The worst part of the experience was where we were seated, which apparently was directly underneath the dance floor upstairs. It felt and sounded like it was going to cave in on us and was not conducive to a nice night out. This was definitely a one and down experience for us.
Had a 645 reservation, we were seated it was 7 30 and no server came to introduce themselves no water no one came over to us we got up and left and went somewhere else to eat.

When we told the front desk they were not apologetic nor did they try to make it right

Not impressed
Some of the worst service I've ever experienced. Went there for a brunch that took over 2 hours- and we ordered food and drinks at the same time.

There were delays at every step. Took 10-15 minutes for initial water. Another 20-25 for drinks. Food wasn't too delayed but when our waitress eventually dropped off the check, she never came back. After 30 minutes we eventually went and found her and asked her to run our credit card. She offered no apology and did not seem to realize how embarrassed she should have been.

Food was mostly fine but the meats were a tad tough. Some dishes were served lukewarm.
I was here yesterday for a friends birthday dinner, it was a party of nine. The food, drinks, and waiter were great. The issue came when we all went to pay, the waiter stated that we could only pay the bill in full with cash or on one credit card. As it is 2016 and people don't usually carry a lot of cash, all parties with the exception of two had credit cards. The waiter explained that if there is a party of more than 6 you can only pay with one form of payment (which was not explained when the reservation was made for the dinner party) and that the system would not allow him to do more than one. After we explained that it was not possible for us to pay with one form of payment, the waiter left and spoke to a manager (we assume). He returned and stated that the owner did a override in the system for our party and that we could only use 4 credit cards to pay for the bill, still not solving the issue since 7 people were paying with credit cards. One of the gentleman from our party went and spoke with the actual manager on duty, and after 20 minutes our checks were split by what each person ordered. 

Also upon leaving staff stood on the side as we were exiting and just stared at us as if we had done something wrong. No one said a farewell, thank you for dining with us, come again, nothing just stared at us as if we shouldn't have been there from the beginning.  

This was my first time at this restaurant, and my last. Although the food, drinks, and service were good until it was time to pay that whole ending transaction just doesn't sit well with me.
We had our wedding here a while ago, so this review is really just about The Moshulu for hosting weddings. The wedding itself was on the front deck, a gorgeous setting for the background. As soon as the 5 minute wedding was over, we jetted downstairs while guests stayed above for cocktail hour. Without getting into too many details just about our wedding, I can tell you that the food was fabulous and the staff and management handled everything without me worrying at all. When we mentioned that we wanted some vegan versions of Cuban dishes, she didn't hesitate to tell us that would be no problem at all. And it was delicious. The arroz con "pollo" they made was one of the best dishes I'd ever had. And my husband's pork (of the pig variety) was equally as good (so he says). Both passed the in-laws test, who are actually from Cuba, so they must be doing something right. Dark chocolate fountain was a big hit as well. They didn't rush us out when the night was over, actually allowing us to stay longer with the bar open without charging us for that time. 

A few negatives, though none merit losing a star--
There was no tasting option. I was hesitant because frankly a lot of vegan food can be pretty boring if the chef is lazy and doesn't feel like trying to make it work, and these weren't menu items. So what we did instead was made a reservation a week in advance and had them make the arroz con "pollo" for us off menu. We were ready to pay, but they ended up comping it anyway, so it served a similar purpose as the tasting.

Also, parking--$10 per car, and no discount available. 

They don't do rehearsal walk throughs as a general practice, though when we said that our "pastor" was a friend who just got the authorization to do the wedding for us and had never done anything like that before, they agreed. 

Entrance to the upper deck has a metal part of the ship that you have to step over, so not wheelchair accessible. Luckily the only one who needed that was a young child and his mom just held him during that time. If you can carry the person over the obstacle, and it's just a folding chair, then you're ok, but if it's one of those really heavy electronic chairs, they won't get out there. But no problems in the dining area.

The children's food table was not easily seen and apparently the servers didn't tell the parents that it existed, so most didn't use it. 

All in all, our experience was a good one. Of course a lot of that had to do with the event itself, but The Moshulu did a great job of making it a wonderful night. (And our lazy selves loved that we had to do absolutely zero decorating, flowers, china, all that annoying wedding stuff.)
Sunday Nov 16, 2014
Long ago my bestie and I were known as "Two hot Mama's" for our fun loving and dare I say attractive personalities. She and I and our respective mates were Dinks and all over the Delaware Valley with wine, music, libations, fine dining and cash. Fast forward  Now with kids, college tuition's and the rush to  invoke the 401k "  Catch up  option" we were in serious need of girl time. I suggested Sunday Brunch and She made it to my place in record time, out of Mom Jeans and dressed to the nines!

 View of the Delaware at our table for 2. A pianist plays during brunch which added to the ambiance and relaxing experience.. Wish I caught his name because he was very good and quite charming. 
 When our waiter William  found it was was a girl's day he  made it special for us with great service and keeping the Mimosas flowing.
There is one price for Brunch and  $5 more for unlimited Mimosas. Worth the 5 if like us you love them.  The menu options are varied , high end and too numerous to mention but trust me they were all great. You can also order a few items off the menu in the included buffet price.The dessert table was a work of art in terms of variety and presentation.

Shout out again to our server William. Thank you.
Absolutely not. It's been a while since I've given a one star review. Hate to see it but here we are. 

This place is not dope. It's honestly probably the worst place I've been in the city in regards to aesthetic (indoors), food, and service. You think you're being trendy and cool because you're on a boat but upon arrival you realize you were sorely mistaken. 

The food menu is a small selection and basic. There's nothing to write home about and when the food comes out it's very bland and kind of nasty, as in you can whip up something way better in your own kitchen. The one thing I will say about the food is that the ahi tuna crispy rice was REALLY good. If you come order 100 and forget about everything else! It's also expensive as heck for what you get. I don't mind splurging for some lux, but this was the opposite of lux. 

The service was absolutely terrible. Everyone was rude. Everyone was extremely slow moving. At one point I thought our table was invisible. Not good. The manager herself was inattentive and angry. Maybe she was having a bad day but she needed to fix her face. 

Don't waste your time with this one, folks.
Went for the "Philly's best Halloween party." Paid in advance VIP tickets $50. 

VIP was supposed to be from 9-11pm. I got there at 9:25pm and thought cool, I'll have a couple yummy drinks and get dancing before people get too drunk late night and are puking and being insane. 

Well, I thought wrong!

The line for the VIP entrance was over one block long and not moving quickly.

I went to the front to see what was happening, there was NO line for general admission!! WTF!!! The security guard was very rude and told me to go wait in the line like everyone else. I said, okay so if we all paid for VIP tickets, then by the time we get inside, the VIP time will be over. He said, "tough titties! Go wait in line." 

So I snuck past him and went inside! 

It was a MESS inside. Totally crammed bar with people waiting in lines 5 people deep. Only 2 bartenders, who were completely overwhelmed. Went I went to order a Negroni, my fav cocktail, the bartender told me: "club drinks only with vip" meaning - only well alcohol. Another WTF!!! I don't drink much and when I do, I drink good quality alcohol. 

It took my friends who were waiting in the line an HOUR to get inside. They were outside in the cold and the rain. It was a bummer!!

They had a wedding going on in one section and a conference in another section of the boat. So all the party attendees were sectioned off to a small area until 11pm. It sucked!!! 

SUCH terrible planning on the event hosts of this party. I will never ever be back. 

As a side note: The DJs and jazz band were great. No one was paying any attention to the jazz band, and it was in a room where there were no seats. It was a weird milling and standing around of drunk people talking over the jazz band. Philly jazz scene gets NO RESPECT!!!
Parking for $20 or you can find street parking just past the Vietnam Veterans memorial park. It's a cool experience to eat on the ship, area can be a bit sketch but not too bad. Where do I begin? So our friend made reservations for the 6 of us. Well we actually got seated at one of the smallest tables they had, sure there were children with us, but we ordered a lot of food and had to be broken down into 2 different servings. Not to mention our supposed table was dirty so we were waiting for them to clean. As a former restaurant employee, I would have moved my guests esp after they even inquired about a bigger table. The hostess didn't really seem to give af either sooooo... Strike 1. 

Server was friendly and seemed a bit overwhelmed as he was new there. Forgot to put some things in and food took quite a while, put silverware and straws on dirty menus that everyone else has touched, food safety hazard and not to mention there is still covid concerns. Strike 2. 

Food was really good, but it was tough because we were practically holding our plates to eat as there was no room on the table, since we couldn't be obliged with having a bigger more accommodating table. Strike 3. 

Like I said it is a cool experience and the food is good which may leave that open to come back and give it another try but really could use some tips on customer service, especially when your customer is paying over $800 for their meal. For the way we were treated could have went anywhere and spent that and be a bit more accommodated. It also felt as if they wanted us to leave, but it wasn't like we weren't ordering things... ‍ 

I gave 2 stars for the experience and food.
Meh. Cool ship that part I am totally in agreement with the other reviews. But food and price are at a big disparity. I don't mind paying $23 for a burger if that burger is INSANELY amazing. This burger was more like a $5 burger... Sloppily made, too much sauce that had minimal flavor, cold fries on the side... And the service, disorganized, didn't know the menu... Perhaps they were new?

There were 8 of us with a $420 bill ... I just found this price for subpar food to be a big disappointment. 

That said, I would come back and sit at the bar on the top deck and have a few drinks.
This place has been on my bucket list just because IT'S A BOAT RESTAURANT! We were seated below deck but had a nice skylight above us. All gimmick's aside this restaurant is just okay. 

I was here with a large party for a work function. As a vegetarian I was hoping they would have at least one entree to choose from but no. I had to frankenstein a meal out of sides and a salad. I went with the only vegetarian salad minus the olives and it was still wayyy too salty. brocollini and gnocchi were good but nothing worth bragging about.

I will say, my dessert which was the Key Lime tart was AWESOME. It really saved my whole experience. I probably won't be back since this place is a little outside my price range for such a basic meal. It's definitely cool to be on a boat if that's your thing.
Prices for food and drink on the Mo-shoe'-loo may be on the high side, but if you fancy sailing on the high seas without ever leaving the dock, you'll want to give this boat a shot.

Cocktails tend to be of the sweet, punchy variety but must I remind you: you're on a boat! Cast your eyes away from the parking lot and pretend you're on a tropical sea cruise!

A few appetizers are more than enough to feed two as portions are more than generous.

While I'll never be a regular on the Moshulu, I could definitely see coming here occasionally for an experience that really makes you feel far away from Philly. Perhaps a good spot to add to your staycation itinerary?
I got my hopes up when we heard that this boat was featured in the movie Scarface. Big old boats are cool, but other than that Moshulu wasn't worth the trip. 

We decided to stop in to check it out and have a drink at the bar. The place was empty, the dining hall looked like an old banquet hall of a cruise ship.

They had no beer on tap and unmemorable beers in bottles if any at all. We opted to order a couple cocktails. He ordered a Captain's cocktail and I ordered the Passionate Punch. Both were way too sweet and too expensive for what they were. 

With all the fun, local beer bars in Philadephia, you might as well stay land locked and avoid boarding this boat.
This place looked promising since I've never actually had dinner on a boat.
It's quite pretty on the top of the boat, but of course we were not seated up there. It looked like there might have been a private event up there.
We were finally seated down below, where there is a lot of room. It is HUGE. We got seated at a window by the water, but it was the water facing the dock. :(
The food was nothing spectacular. The tuna appetizer was the only somewhat appetizing thing that we ordered. The crab cake entree was not good at all. I could barely finish it.
The worst part of the experience is the service. The servers are all quite nice, but they are extremely inattentive. It is so difficult to get their attention to even refill your drink or to even order. They are just whisking right by you very quickly without looking. Overall, I would not come here again. It's just another tourist trap.
One of the few places in a long time that I actually walked away from. There are separate parking fees, by the hour, to even set foot in Moshulu dining (is the meal included in parking?). Machine did not accept bills. It was just not worth the exorbitant prices, all just so I could eat next to a mucky river awash in flotsam! I know a rip-off when I see one: been a New Yorka too long!! Scam!

Rebel review: 2 stars
I was at the Moshulu this past weekend for a wedding and post-wedding brunch.

Atmosphere 5/5
It truly is a beautiful ship.  For a stationary boat, it's curves and slants make you feel like you're sailing away, which I happen to enjoy.  It was a bummer that it rained this Saturday, so we weren't able to see the entire boat, however the Moshulu accommodated for the weather by providing a party tent so that the couple could still get married outside (technically).  It was a very regal event.

Food 4.5/5
The cocktail hour was great!  Pretty much all the hor d'oerves they'd offered I wish that I had more of.  Tuna tartar with guacamole on top: excellent!  Cheesesteak egg roll: bomb!  Chicken wrap: yum!  There was more where that came from but with the open bar, I can't say that I remember much of the other options.

For dinner, I had the crab cake which I really enjoyed because it was mostly CRAB and minimal cake.  It was served on top of mashed potatoes which there could of been more of...but in the style of an expensive restaurant there were two spoonfuls of potatoes on my plate.

For brunch, I got the lobster bisque and the crab cake benedict, both of which were pretty good.

Service 2.5/5

While the cocktail service was fantastic, the dinner and brunch service was PAINFULLY SLOW.  For us dinner hadn't been too bad.  It was the next day at brunch that I had learned that some people in our party, at the same table even had been served food an hour apart.  At brunch, we had less than half of the people from the wedding present and the service was kind of chaotic.  The wait staff seemed really overwhelmed.  Food orders were messed up, they forgot to bring us silverware, we had to get our own drinks from the bar, people were not getting their food in a timely fashion, and half way through the brunch the breakfast sandwich completely changed: bread and all... we mentioned it to the staff who replied that some people had requested modified sandwiches (so for one they had just brought someone a meal that belonged to someone of a different table)...although they still denied the sandwich was completely different.  

Both times the terrible service had affected the rest of our day.
Dinner:  The service was so slow that dancing had been cut by an hour.
Brunch: The service was so slow that everyone one at our table was miserably hungry.

I really think it's a shame that such a beautiful boat with such great food has such terrible service, so I'm sure there are 156 people the Moshulu won't be seeing again.
Many times I have driven by Moshulu but never thought I'd actually eat inside; it's one of those restaurants that people intrinsically know has a high level of service and food presentation, but the prices match the expectations. On I'd go, down Delaware Ave/Colombus Blvd, southward to maybe Burger King before hitting up the south philly mall, never expecting to actually eat on the Moshulu.

With that aside, recently, a Groupon deal finally got me in the door - almost ironically, or foolishly, I imagined the voucher would pay for at least one person in my party, which consisted of my girlfriend and a friend in addition to myself. But alas, the amount of one voucher will not put much of a dent in the final bill.

The lighting in the dining room is mostly illuminated by the windows; a soft, romantic lighting shines once nighttime occurs. Once seated, we were given menus - one of them was outdated and featured a meat entree that my girlfriend had ordered, but was in fact not being offered that night. I ended up ordering swordfish, my girlfriend had ordered duck breast, and my friend ordered a salad with another appetizer. (And just like that, the entire voucher's value was eliminated by the entree that my girlfriend or I had ordered!)

When dining in a supposedly upscale environment, it becomes easy to develop a "go for broke" mentality. Somehow, we had convinced ourselves that it was a good idea to also order some drinks. Man, did the bill pile up quickly. Martinis, wine, and mixed drinks started at $10, so we drank and ate our food merrily. This is why credit was invented, right?

The swordfish was delectable. It had the right amount of seasoning and butter, and the sides (whatever they were) paired with the fish nicely. My girlfriend's duck breast was also cooked to perfection; she said it was soft and juicy. And regarding our friend's choice of salad & calamari - well, that was that. You've probably had that elsewhere as well.

More than 2 hours later, we are ready to leave, awaiting the shock of the bill. Of course, the Groupon voucher didn't even cover the tip we left - damn you, Groupon! - but it was an experience that we just had to have at least once.

Scratch one more thing of my bucket list. Visit Moshulu at least once and you'll be happy.
This is a very interesting place. The restaurant is a giant, 4 masted sail boat docked on the side of the Delaware. The boat was built in 1902 and has had a long and crazy history. For instance, the US government confiscated it during WWI. Then the German government confiscated it during WWII.

It's an upscale restaurant with upscale pricing, but the food is great. I had pork tenderloin. It was fabulous. Really tender, very juicy, very tasty. It came with some sort of pumpkin or squash puree that was great too.

My colleagues had fish (salmon and trout). They all raved about it. They also had desserts, which looked great. Again, they thought the desserts were fantastic.

I didn't see the bill, but I'm sure it was very high. Plan to spend a lot.

The service was excellent, the ambiance is great. 

Beware of the floor. It tilts. All the seating is on one side of the boat, so the floor tilts towards that side. The boat doesn't move, but the tilt is slightly disorienting.

This place also has an outdoor bar/club. It was closed when we were there.
Solid 4 out of 5 stars. I was very impressed by my recent experience aboard the Moshulu for brunch. The ship is old school, but charming with art deco touches. First off, service was fantastic. Our server answered all of our questions, and was descriptive when going over the cheese board. 
He gave personal recommendations and I trusted him. They started us off with complimentary coffee cakes which were delicious. The apps were the best things that we ordered. We opted for the cheese board which had burrata, smoked blue, a brie and truffled goat. The accompaniments were delicious as well. We also ordered the tuna on crispy rice. Wow. Just wow. The texture of the rice was fantastic. It reminded me of a rice crispy. But savory. I loved everything and every component of this dish. 
Not to mention, portions were great for the prices. Now, for the entrees. We weren't loving our entrees (but the apps made up for them). I ordered the cheesesteak omelette. The ratio of egg to filling was off, and there wasnt enough cheese. The omelette needed seasoning as well. I. Did enjoy the potatoes. My friend felt the same way about her bennie. It was just lacking. I tried the crab cake and it was really good.
Despite the lack luster entrees, I would just come back and order a bunch of apps and be totally satisfied. Not to mention, brunch with a view!! 
Can't wait to return to the Moshulu.
For my wife's birthday, she chose to try this place.  We made reservations for 7p on 1/9/2015.  Being we never ate here before, I thoroughly reviewed the previous Yelp reviews to get an idea what to expect.
Our reservation was honored right upon arrival.  We were seated at a window seat looking right out onto the river.  We personally loved the decor and atmosphere of the place...but our taste is for the antique and charm of the golden ages.  
We started with vodka tonics each.  Delicious...standard.  My wife ordered the calamari starter and I got the porcini gnochi short ribs.  She said her dish was good...nothing 'wow'.  I sampled one...yeah...typical calamari.  My starter was pretty good...mushrooms, ribs and sauce was devine.  Gnochis were just ok...could have been cooked a little longer for they were on the mushy side.  But overall flavor was great.
Next came rolls...1 roll each with butter.  Their house butter is whipped butter with honey and sea salt. No knock on the food...but the rolls and butter were both our favorate thing overall.  Don't get me wrong...food is indeed good...but that butter with the rolls is killer.
Wife ordered the salmon.  It was very good...the apple carrot reduction complimented it nicely.  The cauliflower part was ok.
I ordered the swordfish.  It was outstanding.  Cooked perfectly.
Our biggest knock is that there is no salad that comes with the main dishes.  That made it seem like something was missing.  You have to order sides seperately...which I had planned to do but forgot...I wanted to try the wild mushrooms.
I used the Yelp 'check in' which rewarded us a free desert.  My wife got the chocolate pecan cake and I got the croissant bread pudding jar.  Both were very good.
Our server was very attentive and insightful when we asked for input.  I know a lot of Yelp reviews complained on service, and we were prepared for that...but we were very happy and surprised how good our service was...so I reckon either we lucked out, or people are too picky.
The prices are on the high side...again another reason a salad or sides should be included with entrees...but for the fine dining experience and charming ambiance of the restuarant, they are reasonable...especially compared to the neighboring places to eat (spirit of philly boat and chart house).
This is not our fave restuarant by any means, but we both look forward to trying it again when weather is warmer and we can go outside on top to eat (if they have that option).
Boat has a neat history...you can read on wiki.  Again, we will most certainly eat here again.
YUM!!! Our first time here and we will definitely be back soon! I recommend checking out their Sunday brunch. For $39 you get two courses which also includes the dessert buffet. So freaking good! For an extra $14 you get endless mimosas and bloody Mary's! The service was really good as well. Oh and the pastries they give you are to die for! Plus there are some great places to take pictures on top with awesome views. Definitely a top favorite place of mine:)
SOOOOOO BAD!!!!

 I have literally had better meals at Qdoba and I didn't spend $150 and get sick.

The place is nice, staff is good, romantic and charming sure, but the food is fucking terrible. Everything was too salty and the salmon dish has some terrible combinations going on with apples.

You're paying for the place and the view, but they're just not worth the price.

I just got home from this place and I feel extremely sick to my stomach. 

I will NEVER go back!!!
We went tonight (NYE) and could NOT be more disappointed!!! We were a party of six, had a reservation for 6:30 and didn't leave until 10pm. There was a fixed menu of $125 a person (that went up to $195 a person at 7pm seating). 

We spent $1200+ at our table and never had a water or bread refill without having to ask for it at least twice (literally). As each course came out, they were missing one person's food- every time- so we patiently waited for our last plate to get to the table to eat and ended up eating cold food all night. 

Five of us ordered filet mignon- 1 didn't come out until we had to ask for it and one (ordered MR) came out far past well done (By this point, our party was making the best of the situation and laughing at how horrible this dinner was going and I believe the joke involved the words "hockey puck"). 

We waited for our next round of wine for 20 mins each time we ordered it and we never offered any apologies or explanations for our extended wait. 

The restaurant was only half full at any given time and the servers seemed to be moving without any sense of urgency (probably due to the 20% gratuity added to the bill). None of us will ever be back! The worst $1200 ever spent! We will be sure to tell our friends!
My sister, Lori, was in town from SoCal, and after taking her to a few spots 'down the shore', on Weds we opted for a Philly change of pace. Mi compadre, Toot, rode over to the Lazy L on his 95 Hog and then I drove us down to Penns Landing. We paid the $12 to park and then strolled the waterfront of the mighty Delaware before opting for lunch aboard the Moshulu. 

The Moshulu is a fine sailing vessel indeed, built in the 1890s and featuring 4 masts. A fine lady with a storied past. Seized by the Germans in WW I and the Americans in WW II, she also appeared in The Godfather when young Vito was sailing into NY Harbor. 

She's a 4 Diamond restaurant now and is docked so that you have a nice view of the Delaware from many of her wide windows. The waitress put my napkin in my lap and I knew right there we were on a classy ship. Our service was first rate and our waitress even mentioned a 20% AAA discount, something I always forget to inquire about. There is a tropical feel to the decor, with padded wicker chairs and palms and ferns placed throughout her ultra wide cabins. This is a BIG ship and one can fantasize that you are on the banks of an African river rather than the Del. with a little imagination. Africa was one of her destinations when she was making transatlantic voyages. 

I had a Tequila Sunrise, Lori a Bloody Mary and Toot a Sam Adams Oktoberfest and we all enjoyed our cocktails, Lori's and mine served in a tall cocktail glass and Toot's in a beer glass. No plastic here. 

Ordering from a somewhat limited lunch menu, I had a tasty Bacon Cheeseburger, Toot a Grilled chicken Club Sandwich, and Lori the Fillet Mignon Medallions. All were excellent. We had some nice bread before our meals and were all way too stuffed to consider dessert. 

After we ate we went up on deck and further explored her charms. Beautiful wood work was in evidence everywhere you looked, and an examination of her rigging and masts indicated that she appeared to be seaworthy now. I'd love to see her masts full of sails and take her for a cruise! The Star Of India out in San Diego went out to sea not too long ago, I wonder if they ll ever do that with The Moshulu? Seems like it would be great publicity to do so. 

The top deck features a separate bar called The Bongo but that is closed for the season. 

We all thoroughly enjoyed our meals and our time aboard The Moshulu and will definitely be going back. I've posted several pics of her to give you an idea of her grandeur!
My boyfriend and I came to Moshulu for our anniversary dinner and we had a truly wonderful experience that was beyond what we expected. We were seated by the window (with a lovely view of the water) and were given complimentary glasses of champagne as well as a greeting card from the restaurant -- very sweet!

We ordered 1/2 dozen oysters to start which were fresh and tasted great. The Sea Scallops were absolutely delicious with the asparagus and gnocchi underneath, and my boyfriend ordered the Blackened Swordfish which he enjoyed and said was tender. Both presentation and flavor exceeded our expectations! The truffle fries are amazing with the perfect amount of truffle flavor. Lastly, we ordered the Moshulu sundae for 2 for dessert. The whipped cream was a little thick/heavy but the ice cream and brownie were a great ending to our dinner and not too sweet.

I would definitely recommend this place for special occasions. The staff are very friendly and attentive and helped to make our anniversary dinner special :)
I have been wanting to dine in this restaurant for years and finally had the opportunity to on Father's Day! Moshulu did not disappoint. The restaurant is a Four Masted Tall Ship docked at Penns Landing. The wooden interior with brass accents is the perfect backdrop for its large windows, crisp white linens, grand staircase and lighting which all made up an elegant dining experience. Enough about the decor let's talk food. 

The Father's Day Brunch was $60.00 a person for adults. My only thought on this was price should have included a drink other than coffee or juice; would have been nice to have my Bellini covered. Ok I digress back to our meal. The food was amazing. The buffet had a wide range of food including Breakfast and Dinner items.   The Crab Cakes featured the crab meat and did not have a lot of filling. The Prime Rib was juicy and seasoned well. The bacon was cooked perfectly not too hard or soft. I could go on and on about the French toast, roasted potatoes and the many desserts that were all equally delicious but I have to end somewhere. 

So I'm going to end this with four words" two restaurants in one".The deck has a menu of it's own and a more relaxed atmosphere. We finished our afternoon upstairs with drinks and sunshine. If you made it to the end of my long review make sure you visit Moshulu. You won't be disappointed.
We had a company sponsored holiday party here at the Moshulu a few days ago with Beer/Wine package as well as appetizers and dinner included, and the boat inside and outside blew me away. It was so beautiful, and the waiters, waitresses, and bartenders were all incredibly friendly. There was a photo booth, a DJ, a dance floor, and a karaoke session. And it was just so much fun! I'm glad I came here first for a company sponsored event though because as a vegetarian it's hard to find food and restaurants like this but I got really lucky.

For dinner, they had a salad bar, Mushroom Ravioli, Seasoned Brussel Sprouts, Potatoes, Mashed Potatoes, and slices of steak and something else. And dessert was incredible as well - fruit tarts, mini red velvet cakes, mini chocolate cakes, chocolate mousse, creme brulee, and so much more!
Firstly beautiful venue, went to the deck that just recently opened. Service was terrible, asked for a napkin and was told that they don't have any because they keep flying away in the wind. Our food came and went to the wrong table. When we tried to correct the person serving they acted like as if we were wrong. Our fries came to the table cold and late then they charged us for two servings of fries. The drinks were served in plastic cups and was definitely not worth the price. The deck is definitely a scenic venue but I would not recommend this place for food or drinks.
Easter Brunch Review***
My inlaws were in town for Easter so we decided to do a fancy brunch. The price was high at 65 per person but the menu seemed fair for the price. Parking was 17 bucks in the lot right next to Moshulu. The side of the boat we sat on was a bit slanted but we figure the boat was created for transporting cargo, not fancy dining and let it go. Overall decor was very nice. Chairs were comfortable. Tried most things on the buffet line and every thing was tasty. Some items may be a bit over cooked but everything had great flavor. For the price im not sure we would opt to do this again but it was a great experience. The only negative part for my family was the pushy bathroom attendants. Will be back for a normal dinner for sure, glad we did the Easter brunch experience but wont be back at that price.
Hmm..a part of me wanted to get funny with this review, but I will et straight to the point. Never been there before, and I'm away for college so I figure I buy a groupon and take my mom and my sister out. When we we first walked in, the ambience was great. We had a reservation, and we seated immediately.  After that, things went down hill. We were placed with the MOST condescending, demeaning, and disrespectful waiter I've ever experienced..truly unprofessional. We ordered appetizers and I am allergic to foods with a high garlic content. I don't know why, but I just break out in hives. Anyway, I asked that they not include the garlic aioli, and he gave me another one of his strange looks. I asked if there was a problem, and he said he won't remove the garlic sauce, but he would just put it on the side. I said no, just completely remove it. I don't want it on the side--I don't want it at all. Why he was so insistent the garlic sauce came with my food..I will never know. I was pretty annoyed at this point. He was also very demeaning to my sister, she used all of her forks, and he had to add a side note, "oh wow, I've never seen anyone use all of their forks before. I'll get you a new one." I ordered my entree and a side of steak fries. Again, I didn't want the garlic sauce, but he said he will leave it on the side, I said I don't want the sauce at all. What is so difficult to understand, and why are you questioning my requests. Just take it out, I even had to ask myself if I was asking for too much? But come on even at Burger King, you can request no cheese on your burger and they won't put cheese on the burger. Can you imagine if they deny your request, and okay we won't put it on the burger...but we'll put in a small bag for you on the side?! That's a waste of cheese because I'm not going to eat it. Regardless, I asked for ketchup with my fries, and before serving me my ketchup first, he served me one of his condescending looks and said "uh okay?" At this point, I was over this restaurant. This restaurant is maybe one notch better than Red Lobster. Don't let the fact that you are sitting on a boat fool you, it doesn't even move!!!! Another huge disappointment. The fact that it doesn't sail is slightly tacky in my eyes, there is no advantage between dining here and dining at the Hyatt down the street. If it doesn't sail, that takes away from the experience. Enough of that tangent! So the bill comes, and I pull up my groupon, and he says "Oh, I'm sorry you can't use this. There has to be atleast 4 or more people in your party." It look everything in me to remain calm. The manager walked over to assist us, and he made a bunch of cheap and dry jokes about my fashion. I explained to him, I am a college student and I don't live in the area anymore, I bought this groupon to try this place out and to have a last girls night with my mother and sister. The groupon was $49 for $100 worth in food. Our bill was $124.00. The manager first agreed to only remove the face value of $49. I disagreed, I wasn't going to pay $80.00 for something I only intended to pay $20-30 extra dollars for. Even though $120.00 isn't bad. I spent that at pf changs last week. Regardless, no one is going to pay more than what they expected. He finally agreed to take $100 off, and made another dry joke about how he could tell I was from New York from my amazing fashion. I wasn't sure where he was going with that, but I wasn't finding it funny. Finally, our waiter that earned a pretty nice tip considering he was beyond rude came up to me and said enjoy your trip back to New York. I though how rude! Especially since I told his manager I was living in New York, not him. He wasn't even around when I said that. I felt he was over stepping his boundaries. Anyway, food was mediocre. Service was terrible. Ambiance was great. Two stars. Nothing spectacular. There are better dining experiences in Philly.  Highly disappointed.
One star is for the ambiance
And the other is for the food
If you are African American and going to this establishment, please think twice‼‼‼
I was here for a happy hour SEPTEMBER 13,2019.    The service was slow and it seemed like we were bothering them‍.   But the icing on the cake was when the bar tender (Mexican guy and his named begins with the letter M) mentioned the noise level and said it must be "The Culture"!    It was brought to the managers attention and his reply was what does that mean?   But the question was posed to him!   Therefore no one knows what "the culture" means.       Let me guess black people are loud?  Well guess what, you should move your happy hour to the Philadelphia free library because when you drink and have a good time with your friends you tend to elevate your voice.    Don't patronize this racist establishment!
The parking lot charged a $15. fee. Really! Ok, I got over that and into the restaruant we went.

Bottomless Mimosas are nice but really good food and great variety is absolutely essential. However, that is not what we found. 

Nothing flowed together either. There was a tasty lobster bisque that should have been stationed next to fresh shucked oysters and maybe even some inexpensive flying fish roe and paddle fish cavier and cold shrimp. That could have been next to crab benedict and then the omlet station and then the waffle station. But then, sadly, only my minds eye saw that. 

Could someone explain just what Lo Mein was doing next to lox and bagles? Then lets talk about the almost inedible dry chicken and the bland salmon!

If there was a reason to go, gads and unless they improve the brunch menu main courses, it would be for the atmosphere and the desert table. Creme brulee to die for and the service which was impecable! Aside from that, not so much.

I'm out of space but you get the idea.
Long Island Ice Tea - Strong, will give it a good.
Scottish Fall - Super Awesome
Captains Cocktail - Sweet, but good.
Chicken & Smoked Cheddar Sausage - Good
Rock Shrimp - Good 
Amuse - Super (complimentary)
Tandoori Crusted Mahi Mahi - Simply Amazing!!
Crispy Skin Atlantic Salmon - Good
Jumbo Black Tiger Shrimp - Very good
Chocolate Caramel Pudding - Heavely.

We were celebrating a friend's birthday. John was our server was very helpful and cheerful. A few others had served as well everyone were generally nice, I will give their service full 5 stars. The ambiance is pleasant, the décor beautiful very Titanic like and the view from the seating area is just ecstatic. While making the reservation I was asked what the occasion was, so we got complimentary Champaign, Amuse (starters DELISHHHHHHHH) and a surprise after our meal was "Happy Birthday" written with chocolate on a rectangular plate, a little candle on top, pieces of chocolate on the sides and a little chocolate Martini glass. We were thrilled by the end of our dinner.

Oh! Do not miss their butter served with the bread, its simply simply delishhhhh!!!
First, gotta say that you cannot ask for better ambiance than sitting on deck, waterfront, on an old ship like this, it's awesome. The food is pretty solid.

I rarely complain, I'm a pretty happy and understanding customer 99% of the time but the service my girlfriend and I got was really not okay. 

Sat down in plain sight, waited 15 minutes before having to stand up and find a waiter myself and told him our order once I did. It took another 35 minutes to get our food, so a total of 50 minutes from sitting down to seeing the hamburger and chicken sandwich we ordered. This is with a background of 2 other tables, of 2-3 people each, being active on the deck (and the below deck closed in preparation for dinner), so it wasn't like the waiter or kitchen was overwhelmed. 

Waiter didn't apologize for the long wait and didn't warn that there would be a long wait until 3 minutes before the food arrived (47 minutes elapsed time essentially being ignored) saying, "your food will be out shortly". At no point did he offer us drink refills or check on how the food was/how we were doing. While the staff was generally pleasant, and the hostesses at the entrance were super helpful, it didn't make up for the inconvenience of time or having to hunt down the service/lack of service once found.

Ambiance: A+
Food: B/B+    Was too irritated to pay attention to how the food tasted
Service: D

Next time I'm just going to grab something for 1/2 the price at a food cart and get the waterfront view from a bench.
Came for my sisters birthday. Cool concept to have dinner on a ship,however, that's just about as good as it gets.

Food : overpriced food for bland or heavily salted foods.  
appetizers - we got the octopus which was okay..I love octopus and this was by far my least favorite as it lacked in flavor and overcooked so it was rubbery. We also got overpriced fried calamari which was nothing special.. 
Entrees - steak was steak, nothing special to cost an arm and a leg (save your money for chima if you're going to get steak here), I got scallops and they were just okay.. They didn't have any flavor but we're cooked perfectly. Very small portion so I was still hungry lol. Crab cakes my sister got was the best dish we got there. Very full of flavors but again, was still hungry afterwards. And we also got salmon, which i did not like at all. It tasted almost like burnt salted fish. We got a couple of sides which tasted like sides..whoever complains about sides are pathetic unless it's inedible where hair is in it etc lol. Drinks were good. 

Service : our service wasn't as great as Id expected, but I guess it does take a while to walk around that ship when everything's leaning to one side. I thought I had too much to drink, but no, you're leaning. Lol. That, I did not like. 

Overall, wouldn't pay to come here unless someone's treating me lol. But even then, Id recommend a different restaurant.
A little intimidating at first but wow. 
My friends & I had a great first time dining here, really made me feel welcome & special, especially after covid.
Highlights:
* Seating view was amazing! Def call ahead to put your preference down, not all tables are guaranteed. 
* Food presentation and taste were impeccable. Came at a good time.
* Vibes/Atmosphere was relaxed and pleasant!
* Our server was friendly, attentive, & knowledgeable.

Definitely a vibe. Will return soon.
Stopped by here randomly as I was staying at the nearby Penn's Landing Hilton and walking up and down near the water. I was the opportunity to sit on a ship and stare out at the beautiful water and took it!

Service: Lacking. I took a seat at the bar first and though multiple bartenders saw me repeatedly, I couldn't even get a menu or water let along a drink for about 10-15minutes. I literally had to get up and move to another area at the bar and flag someone down to get a menu, it was ridiculous. And other people were having the same issue. And then I asked if I could go sit up top and be served there, and was told I needed to wait downstairs for my food. So I did, and it did come in appropriate time. In the meantime, I watched as a waiter took food upstairs to another group sitting up top. Apparently I'm not good enough for service?!

Food: Well presented and tasty, but small portions and overpriced.

Drinks: Full bar available, I only had wine so can't speak to their cocktails. Small wine menu.

Atmosphere: Best part and reason I went here is the view. I sat up on the top level which is not necessarily nicely dressed as far as the tables (they are like plastic picnic tables), but the view is still beautiful. It's quieter and more peaceful here.

Overall: I'd maybe come back for a drink with a view if I'm in town, but only if I'm in a good enough mood to put up with some pretty irritating "service." Don't come here for dinner, it would probably take forever and be cold by the time it reached your table. Not to mention I had to carry it to my table my own self from the bar! Really pretty appalling when you think about it.
Classy but not stuck up. Expensive but worth every penny. Fresh and tasty food with a cool atmosphere what is not to like. This is our favorite place to eat in the city. 

We have been here twice this year and need to go back again soon. This is no question a 5 star dining experience for us. The food was amazing both times we ate here. This last time we came though the food was on a whole different level it was so good we didn't talk about anything but the food during the meal. I got Crispy Skinned Salmon and Lobster Bisque and Becca got Swordfish and Calamari everything was amazing.

Moshulu is the definition of 5 star dining
Great restaurant on a boat overlooking the Delaware river and Ben Franklin bridge and also the Philadelphia 76ers practice facility. We went during their happy hour to grab some drinks while the weather was still beautiful and I say this cause we were expecting heavy down pour later in the evening. They have multiple levels in the restaurant including the open bar on the top most level. However, the open bar is only for drinks and they don't serve any food there. But you can order food from the lower level and bring it with you to the open bar. 

So we grabbed a couple of seats overlooking the river. Nicely dressed coincidentally for a nice boat party. Bar tender Chris was amazing. I love dark and stormy so he made me one. Although he did not have the usual dark rum he used another rum which did not look as dark as I expected it to be but nevertheless it tasted really good.

Their food menu looked good too. But since we had dinner plans elsewhere we did not grab any food from here. The interiors of this restaurant looks very classy and elegant. You would definitely love this place for a fancy dinner or open bar for a casual time with your friends and family. 

I definitely recommend this place to everyone who is visiting Philly and wants to explore the water front. Remember not many restaurants in this part of the city anyways. So why not grab a drink here at this beautiful location.
I attended an event last night on the boat that was way, way, too crowded! 

The appetizer menu had many delicious items on it, but it was not replenished nearly quickly enough. By the time I got up there, only cheese and peppers remained - with no bread or crackers to even eat them with.

An hour into the party, all of the guests on the top deck of the boat were told to move to the lower level, which forced everyone to literally be bumping shoulders with one another.

Before I had a chance to purchase another drink, I was out the door. Really, Moshulu, I thought this place would be much classier.
Moshulu dropped the ball well before the ball dropped this NYE.
My family of 4 attended the early portion of this year's NYE dinner, prices at 125 per adult and 35 per child. The service could NOT have been worse. The waiter, Joey was inattentive and disengaged. My young children waited at least 15 min for Apple juice, we all waited at least a half hour for our first course (which btw was just ok). Then the 2nd course came about a half hour later (a measley, iceberg lettuce-based, subpar salad). Then we were waiting again. Often Joey was nowhere to be found. After waiting what seemed like an eternity, we tracked Joey down and asked when the main course was coming. He said "shortly". We then asked if the kitchen was slow tonight. He said "Oh yeah." After waiting some more...the Penn's landing fireworks came and went...still no main course..we asked Joey to bring our main courses in boxes to take home and "please just bring the kids the ice cream they were waiting for". We asked Joey if we can speak to a manager. We waited and waited. No ice cream...no manager. I finally found one by the name of Jake. Finally ice cream magically appeared at the table . I explained our frustration and disappointment at the whole experience, and this man still brought me a 417 dollar check to pay with a gratuity included. Jake tried to tell me (as if my head screws on and I have no dining experience whatsoever) that everything was timely and this is how it is on NYE. NYE. He also defended his waiter and said "He is one of our best." Honestly, I can walk into any Applebee's, pull a waiter's name out of a hat, and get a server more prepared to serve. The kid didn't even know the dessert options, as if he was texting his girlfriend during the pre-meal staff meeting. If he was trying at all, then he's about as sharp as a soup spoon. Jake offered me a 25 dollar gift certificate and his card. He said come see him later for a meal on him. I couldn't accept it. I was not going to pay 417 dollars for that experience. Jake insisted, but I wasn't budging. Finally he took 163 off the check; bringing it to 241. Knowing that my wife and kids were waiting in the car for about a half hour at that point, I decided to pay it. I left feeling like I did them a big favor, because I wouldn't have paid 50 for that experience...not even on NYE. 
As for the 25 dollar gift card, I'll find an enemy to give it to. I'm not going back.
I was taken here for a birthday dinner a little while back.  The food was good but the service, view and atmosphere was lovely.  I wish I could leave a 3.5 star review.

It's a little on the pricey side so I wouldn't recommend this place for everyday dining.  Splurge a little for a special occasion.
My husband and I came here for our wedding anniversary dinner on a weeknight. My husband made a reservation on OpenTable. As soon as we entered the ship, I turned to my husband saying that the interior decor reminded me of the Titantic. We were promptly taken to our table as soon as we got to the hostess. We were seated by a window. It was a nice view but the vents were right next to us, making me very cold. 

In terms of the food, we were offered complimentary salmon paste on toast. It was a little too fishy for my liking. My husband and I decided on a starter. We had the foie gras. I was timid to try it, but as soon as my husband finished his bite, he gave me the look. The look of it's worth the taste. I took a bite of the duck. It melted in your mouth. It was supberb. My husband had the rack of lambs for his entree, while I had the salmon. The salmon had too much salt, as did the green sauce paired with it. We finished our dinner with a vanilla bean cheesecake paired with a lime sorbet. The lime sorbet was crisp and citrus filling. I devoured every last bite of it. The cheesecake itself was good, but nothing spectacular. If I ever come back, it would be for the starters and dessert. Overall, it was an ok food experience. 

In regards to service, our waitress provided great service though. She constantly checked up on us and made sure we were taken care of.
This place is a novelty. Really cool looking from the outside- but probably the worst dining and serving experience I have ever had at a restaurant. 

Had reservations for 8:00 for a large group (7 people), we were 5 minutes late and we had to wait for a "moment" which was 20 minutes. We only received 5 menus and the server never offered to come back with more menus. Not a big deal. 

We ordered drinks right away. Then the waiter did not appear back for another 15 minutes to take a food order and we still did not receive our drinks. Waiter took our food order.

20 minutes go by when a different waiter comes back with the food order. Still no drinks. One person ordered spinach and artichoke dip and was told it would a few more minutes because it was delivered to the wrong table. Another person ordered the lobster bisque soup and was given no spoon. By the time she got a spoon the soup was cold. 

A few minutes later the waiter comes back with half drink order with one drink was wrong. Another 10 minutes later we received 2 more drinks and with one person still not getting her drink. 

The manager came by and offered to take off some drinks from the bill and gave us a complimentary shot. But when we got the bill it was still on there so we had to talk to the manager again.

The food was very good quality and was very delicious but the service and the drink situation was really jacked up. That is why I gave such a low rating.
This is a very great place to sit and enjoy lunch. We had brunch and every thing was awesome. The choices are plentiful. But the taste of the food was very good. 

The desert table was filled and if you sample each one. You will not be able to decide on a favorite one. They are all very tasty. 

The staff is awesome. Very attentive and make you feel at welcome. Definitely a place to return and try the outside dining area..
We heard it was a bit on the expensive side so we went for lunch on a beautiful day.  The service was great, the food was delicious, perfect portions, reasonably priced, and the drinks ($3 Coronas) were cheap.  I'd rather have glasses than plastic cups, but it IS a boat....  And, seeing as they have a restaurant that could essentially rot and sink, I'd say a lot of people are coming together to make this a classy well run restaurant!
This is based on my visit from a few months ago. Server was excellent. We went for the view and ambiance but were surprised at how good the food was. We also had a groupon which helped. I ordered the crab cake and got a huge crab cake that was all crab and not a bunch of stuffing/ bread like most crab cakes. My fellow diner said it was the best duck he's ever had. Great martinis. With an appetizer, two entrees and some drinks, we still spent over $70 after our $50 credit from the groupon. It is a bit pricey but worth it if you are looking for a nice night out. This place can get busy and you may be out of luck if you don't have a reservation ahead of time on a Saturday night. 

Luckily, I live close enough to walk or get a $5 cab. But if you don't live nearby, you will probably have to park in the lot which I believe was about $15.

I just got another groupon and can't wait to go back.
We got a gift certificate for The Moshulu and were very pleased with everything we experienced.  I'm not fan of boats, but once I got over the fact that I could see the water moving under us, I enjoyed the atmosphere, the food and the service.  Everyone was friendly and we cleaned our plates.  The seafood dishes we had were amazing and we'd gladly go back once we have enough money - or get another gift certificate :)
Mediocre food and service. Came here for brunch for my friends birthday and we were not impressed. 

Surf & Turf - Cames with 3 pieces of shrimp, a few pieces of steak and half a cabbage. The meats came out room temperature... for $23 you'd think they at least heat up the food. The cabbage was probably the best part of this meal.

Steak and eggs special - we asked for medium rare but the steak was cooked very unevenly and half of it was very rare.

Cheesesteak omelette - the only dish we all liked. The omelette and potatoes were good.

Panini - very dry, do no recommend.

Waffles - 3 small waffles, came out soggy.

Chocolate cake - really delicious, probably our favorite.

Creme brulee - good but could've been better, it came out a little too cold for us.

Giving it 3 stars because the location was nice and they have bottomless mimosas/bellinis for only $16. You can mix and match all of the bottomless drinks.

Service could be improved. We were missing a plate and utensil, we ordered two desserts but didn't get a candle & server was just unfriendly overall. Shoutout to the hostess - she was cool.
I have been there for the past 5 Saturday nights. Even partied there for my birthday. The paperstreet/dj brendan/moshulu summer mix was a great time. So sad to see it end next month. Get there if you get a chance.
Revisit philly for a long overdue vacation, you could definitely relate. Booked the dinner here for celebrating a little bit closer back to normalcy. We ordered oyster and Thai salad for appetizer, followed by blackened swordfish and salmon, both taste amazing. The waiter Gary was phenomenal, he answered many questions such as where the best Philly cheesesteak is and why 76ers stadium is located across the River in NJ(turns out it's 76ers training facility), and he took great pictures of us, what not to love about Gary, he's go it all. Just take your loved ones here for a great time and wonderful experience.
DO NOT HAVE YOUR EVENT HERE
 
After literally two years of planning my son's Bar Mitzvah at Moshulu in Philadelphia the event was marred not only by what occurred the night of the party but by the subsequent attack on my character by a Partner.
The night of my son's Bar MItzvah and the day after when I met with another Partner, I was lead to believe that I would be financially compensated for problems that occurred during my event but when I spoke to another Partner the following Tuesday I was told that everything went as planned, my guests ate too much, I was cheap, I was lying about various things that occurred, and that he was embarrassed that we had acquaintances in common. He went on to say that my affair would forever leave a bad taste in his mouth.
So, I am left with sharing my story in hopes that no one else experiences what I went through or is subjected to an attack like I experienced.
A week prior to the event, upon hearing that the weather could be bad that night, I contacted Moshulu to discuss contingency planning since much of the party was to occur outside. I also asked about ventilation given the humidity. I was reassured that they do this all the time and that I had nothing to worry about with regard to rain or ventilation. I called back a few more times during the week just to make sure that weather would not be an issue and was reassured by two separate people that I had nothing to worry about.
Five minutes before my son's Bar Mitzvah service I received a call from Moshulu saying that they needed to move my party to another area on the ship. I was shocked since I had been repeatedly told that the weather would not be an issue. They recommended an alternative space for cocktails and again assured that it would accommodate my guests adequately. My agreement for the party was to have two separate areas for cocktails - one for the adults and one for the children. However, due to the issues described I was forced to combine both groups together in the same area for cocktails.
While driving from the synagogue to Moshulu I received a call from a guest at 8:20 indicating that the Moshulu staff was not allowing people into the party as they were not ready. My party was scheduled to begin at 8:00. The party did not begin until approximately 8:30.
I went to join my guests for cocktails and found that the area being used was incredibly crowded and hot. I was actually concerned for my guests' safety as there was only one exit and not everyone had arrived. It was so uncomfortable that people left the area and moved down into the dining area which was supposed to be closed until dinner.
While trying to figure out logistics I noticed that a group of waiters were standing together and that there were no hors d'oeuvres being circulated. I was told that they had no more. I had ordered what was recommended by Moshulu. When ordering I had asked if I had enough hors d'oeuvres on order I was assured that they do this all the time and I didn't have to worry about having enough.
The party now moved to the dining room. When I entered the room I asked whether the video had been tested and was assured that it had. Unfortunately Moshulu had neglected to tell the DJ or me that they were not going to handle the audio so my video, which I had spent weeks on, was not run with sound.
I had hired entertainment to play piano during dinner. He was recommended to me by Moshulu. Because the party was running an hour behind when his time was up, he left - so no piano during dinner. I also hired dancers who had to be paid extra due to the delay in when they would be able to perform.
On a minor note, the challah, which was bought for the occasion was never served to my guests.
After dinner, when we moved on deck for dancing (an hour later than my timeline called for), to my dismay, the dance floor was not arranged as agreed to on the floorplan provided by Moshulu . The reason this was so important is that I had wanted to maximize the space for dancing and not have people crossing the dance floor to get drinks or dessert. Approximately 50% more deck space would have been utilized had the floorplan been followed. The bar on deck was not set up as contracted and separate bars were placed on the dance floor.
In the agreement with Moshulu it requires 20% gratuity. I had no problem with this but did discuss that since I was paying a gratuity there should be no tip jars on the bars and that the bartenders should not be accepting tips since it was already paid for in our agreement. I was again assured that I had nothing to worry about. Therefore, I was shocked when I went to get a drink and found cash resting on the bar clearly indicating that the bartenders were accepting.
When I first got to Moshulu around 8:30 and spoke to a Partner at Moshulu he said I could extend the party past 1:00 a.m. At 12:30 a.m. I went looking for my contact to discuss this. I was told that she had
Aight so boom

Came during COVID TIMES
20$ parking on premise
Nice tall ship
We came on July 4th and it was perfect 
Ate up on the deck , nice sunny beautiful warm ambiance , umbrellas keeping you cool 
The staff and my server were all on point with masks and social distance , tables not too close together
Drinks were amazing 
Beer selection not too bad
I kept it simple with a burger order and I was not disappointed
Truffle fries, which is something I genuinely don't like were some of the best I've had .. I actually finished them!
NOTE: If you have a group of four or more AND you want to make reservations, (of which are highly recommended) with OpenTable you can only reserve for four. Make the reservation the you MUST call to revise you reservation for the actual number of your group.

That said, lemme just start by telling you Gary & Rob is the TEAM you want to serve you!
If you are a duce or a party...these guys know how to work a room and will add a ton you your already enjoyable experience at the Moshulu. We started getting 'looks' from other tables we had so much fun!
Oh yeah, you gotta have Rob do the wine pour....he sweats it every time. He is very nervous doing it however, HE LOVES IT!  

WHEW....onto the review:

Starters we all shared SPANISH OCTOPUS, SUPER PEANUT SUSHI ROLL, CALAMARI, JUMBO SHRIMP COCKTAIL, all of the staples you want for appetizers. What stood out for us were the size of the Shrimp, the texture and flavor of the Calamari, and 'cool' effect the peanuts had in the Sushi...whodaThunk...peanuts in Sushi?!?

Entrees:
Two had JUMBO LUMP CRAB CAKE. NO filler whatsoever; DELISH! Two had FILET MIGNON (one with the Bleu Cheese Fondue and one without). Personally, I would have had the BC Fondue. They said it was amazing and perfectly prepared.
My wife had the SCOTTISH SALMON and OMGosh...the contrast between the perfectly prepared Salmon and the American Caviar was EXCELLENT!
I had the cracked pepper tuna with pork belly. I am not a big fan of Tuna Steak as I like rare Tuna. I specifically wanted rare; it came out like a Tuna Steak. No big deal, the flavor was spot on and the Pork was very plentiful.

Great experience, great food, and great staff!
Decent casual food parading itself as fine dining. Moshulu is a novelty restaurant with a nice atmosphere for folks not interested in challenging cuisine. 

We started with the calimari and shrimp cocktail. The calamari were well-executed, but very lackluster in flavors. The taste was primarily of bread crumbs. The balance of flavors in the dish was off. 

The shrimp cocktail came with massive shrimp, but they were particularly flavorful or well-executed. They tasted like they'd sat around cooked since the morning. The cocktail sauce was an interesting blend of cranberry and chili sauce that I did find unique and pleasant, albeit outshined by the lack of flavor in the shrimp. 

My main course, the swordfish topped with short rib, sounded awesome. Alas, it was not. The swordfish was over-executed by 15-20 degrees leaving it dry and unpleasantly fibrous and sticky to the tooth on the bite. The short rib, likewise, was overcooked and dry and stringy with very little of the unctuous juicy fat that characterizes a well-executed version of the cut. 

For dessert we ordered the Ice Cream Brownie for two. The ice cream and whipped cream atop were pleasantly smooth and sugary. However, the brownie was dry and chalky. Very unpleasant.
I have been here for several parties and it is really fun to attend an event on a boat. I have unfortunately never eaten here, so cannot remark on that. The drinks are just fine. I like the interior of the boat but I really dislike the bathrooms, which are just gross.
I was super excited to try this place! Me and a group of friends went right up to the deck just for drinks. It was about 9:00pm on a Saturday and there was plenty of open seating for me and my friends to hang out. The view of the bridge was lovely and we got to watch fireworks that penns landing was putting on. Unfortunately the bartenders working were very unfriendly. I asked for a drink menu and they didn't provide me with one, they were very short and seemed very irritated. Another strange thing was if you paid with a card it was a $20 minimum and you can't start a tab, so be prepared to buy all your friends drinks. My gin and tonic was $7 so very standard for drink price 

From what I can tell the dress code for the restaurant was very nice, but on the deck me and my friends were comfortable in casual summer dress. Everyone on the deck was wearing a very casual dress. 

Around 10pm they set out a DJ on the deck at the front of the boat. By the time we left there was only a small handful of people for the DJ. 

The whole restaurant/ bathrooms were very clean. Aside from the unfriendly bartenders the whole experience was very lovely!
Went there for dinner. Very nice for a ship! Ambiance is great, romantic. Be sure to go with someone who is not cheap, can appreciate something totally different from the norm & not afraid to try what's on the menu. The menu try must change occasionally, there are some things listed on the Yelp menu that were not on the menu. They also have specials not listed on the menu. Enjoyed!! Will return.

Be sure to look at the drink menu, had the Ship Wreck & St Jamison Lemonade, uuummm!!!!

Only thing parking is $15 & if you park on the street you have to feed the meter until midnight.
I give 3stars because of how gracious and considerate they were to my group!! There was a very uncomfortable moment amongst my group members that could've easy had us kicked out, but thankfully, the staff did not. Thank you for that! 
I enjoyed the Shrimp tempura rolls best than my dinner entree which was a steak salad. I forgot the name. It wasn't all that bad, the flavor just wasn't my taste. Service was attentive. We were seated belowdecks and at very center of the ship, so didn't get a great view. Think I would love to sit on the deck and get appetizers & drinks during the summertime
Just for the ambiance itself, this place is worth a visit!!!I've gone here a few years ago for their Sunday Brunch and sat in the formal restaurant inside. It was a nice time and the food, from what I remember, was very good. However, this past weekend my family and I stopped in while at the Tall Ships Festival at Penns Landing. I had no idea there were so many different sections on the boat to sit, eat, drink, or just hang out and enjoy the view. It was awesome and a super cool experience for my little ones. They got a kick out of the live bands, dance floor, climbing the stairs and exploring the multiple boats decks. I can't wait to go back (sans the kids, lol) and have a cocktail with my hubby on the deck and then finish up our experience eating delicious food in the formal dining area. We can feel like we are Royalty aboard the Titanic.....(minus the iceberg and untimely death of course )
I want to start off by saying that I am never one to take the time to write a negative review of a restaurant.  HOWEVER, our experience on New Year's Eve was SO AWFUL that I feel it is due diligence to inform the public about the horrid service we received. 

When we made our reservation over the phone, we were told it was a regular dinner menu that evening.  When we sat down for our 9:30 reservation we were given a $175 pre-fixe menu.  The manager apologized and offered us two rounds of complementary drinks.  It was all downhill from there...

We did not receive a single drink from the bar for 50 minutes after sitting down.  At this point, we called the manager over again to complain about the delay.  He brought us a bottle of champagne which was a nice gesture, but not what we wanted.  Our first course actually came out before our drinks.  After that we were served soup without spoons.  It took the server 10 minutes to get us spoons and by then, our soups were cold.  When our entrees arrived, my sister was served Salmon although she ordered arctic char. Because the service was so slow, we did not have enough time to enjoy the fourth course (dessert) because it was midnight and we wanted to watch the fireworks.  Our server suggested we enjoy the dessert buffet on the deck (which was gone when we got there).

To add insult to injury, our server added a 20% gratuity to our check.  No where on the menu did it mention gratuity was  to be automatically added.  We surmised that she added it on because she assumed we would not tip due to the horrible service.

Overall, this was the absolute worst fine dining experience we have ever had in Philadelphia.  We will NEVER return to this joke of a restaurant.
New Year's eve at the Moshulu....... NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!  The food, while well presented, was mediocre at best. Our server was congenial but was unable to serve appropriately because of the back ups in the kitchen, at the bar, and apparently at the coffee pot.
I had researched the website, called and spoke to them personally, and had been promised an evening to remember. We had been promised Deckside dancing in heated tents. There were no tents per se, it was freezing, and the music was practically nonexistent. It will not surprise you to read that there was no energy up there on the dance floor. All you had to do was walk upstairs, see what was in store for you, and you walked right back down.
The bathrooms were crowded, messy, and also freezing.  It is sad to say the only thing superlative about my night at the Moshulu was how much they charged me.
When my mom came to visit, I decided to try their champagne brunch - seemed like the perfect mother daughter type activity, even though we usually go for more casual dining. 

I made an early reservation to ensure we got a nice waterside view, which we did. We walked from the 8th & Market train stop to bypass the pricey parking lot. Once we arrived inside the ship, we were confronted with the impressive dessert bar as we waited to be seated (we were early). 

Our waitress was sweet, polite, and helpful, as was everyone else on staff that we interacted with. 

The main concern was the sheer volume and variety of delicious food on the buffet vs how much food our tummies could hold! I enjoyed the tortilla soup and the amazing cornbread was a perfect accompaniment. The assortment of breads and pastries were a hit with both of us and my mom could not stop raving about the croissants. However, having heard so much about the lobster bisque, she was very disappointed and found it bland. 

I chose the gnocchi for my entree and she chose the bananas foster French toast. I was really torn before making my selection but I loooove gnocchi. It was my turn to be disappointed; it was nothing special. Mom reported her French toast to be amazing but the portion was absurdly large. 

Everything on the dessert buffet looked absolutely amazing to someone with a sweet tooth like mine but unfortunately space in my belly was at a premium by this point. I sampled as many things as I could without feeling sick!

My only other gripe is that once we finished our entree course our server became far less attentive about refilling our champagne glasses. Of course I understand that she does not want customers holding a table down where she could be seated again, but we had to actively flag her down to get one last glass with our dessert. 

All in all it was a lovely experience which I feel lends itself exceptionally well to a family brunch or brunch with the girls. While it's not something I'd do regularly I'd love to return again and try another dish, especially with my mom.
Stopped by for lunch which features a bottomless mimosa/Bellini/Bloody Mary/champagne for $16 if you buy an entree($14-24). The food was largely unremarkable and the boat needs an update. Chairs were wobbly and decor outdated. Servers were kind but slow. I ordered the turkey panini which was large but forgetful, the pulled pork is actually just deli meat. The winners were crab cake Benedict and the shrimp and grits. The bottomless is really the best deal. 

No reservation no seating! Also parking is $17. Probably better to Uber.
Very romantic, great anniversary or special occasion spot. Very attentive service. Their butter was very good.. but bread was rock hard solid. Their swordfish was very fresh, but a little bit on the salty side. Overall, 3/5 stars for the food and dining experience, but minus one star for a mouse running around while we had dinner..
Very disappointed.  Wife and I went last night, and had and an 7:30 pm reservation that we made 2 weeks in advance and didn't get seated until 8. 

Service was mediocre.

 When we did get seated we didn't get offered to order drinks, were just poured water.  Server forgot one of our sides, which we probably never would have received unless a manger had come by and asked if everything was okay.  Also, ordered a second drink which the server either forgot or it was extremely delayed.  Thus, we were essentially brought out a drink and side of spinach for dessert.  

For a $165 meal the service was very disappointing.  We won't be going back.
Moshulu's well-known for its holiday brunches, where you'll find a myriad of options to satisfying any diner's cravings, from carving to omelette stations. And during the summer, the deck is where it's at. There's no better spot to enjoy a cocktail or a glass of champagne a la Andy Samberg because, yes you're on a boat.

Champagne 

Speaking of champagne, I stopped by with the GF to check out Executive Chef Anthony Bonett's new spring brunch menu and were greeted with a few flutes of bubbly. I've got to say that service is top notch here as I saw several tables celebrating special occasions, with the managers and servers similarly elevating their experience.

Bread Service

During brunch, expect a sweeter touch for bread service. The housemade coffee crumb cake is crumbly indeed, served with a pat of whipped butter. Butter + coffee cake. Who knew? The Moshulu did and I'm glad. Great texture and buttery, yet with a nice lightness from within.

Shrimp & Crab Bloody Mary Cocktail [$13]
Cucumber, avocado, tortilla chips 

The GF started off with the shrimp and crab cocktail, enhanced with a bit of kick from the Moshulu's Bloody Mary recipe. The sweetness of the crab and the snappy shrimp was contrasted nicely by the texture of the ripe avocado and the crispness of some shredded lettuce underneath. Easily enjoyed with some of their just-fried tortilla chips. 

Crab Mac n Cheese [$12]
Truffle bread crumbs

If mac n cheese is on the menu, you know I've got to order it. And I'm so glad I did. Moshulu's version was especially creamy, with the base of the cheese sauce coating the al dente cavatappi noodles. There were wonderfully sharp notes from the cheddar, along with an innate sweetness from the bits of crab studded throughout. Loved that Chef Bonett didn't inundate the actual mac with truffle oil and deftly accented it with truffled bread crumbs instead. Long story short? Get the crab mac. Hopefully it'll make an appearance on a Happy Hour deck menu! 

Bloody Mary [$10]

Brunch is always better with the punch of a good Bloody Mary. And Moshulu's got three iterations to cater to your inner lush. The GF went with the regular vodka Bloody, which showcased their house-made mix - clearly fresh and had a spicy kick that didn't uncomfortably linger. Definitely not the sugary tomato juice mix from the store. I enjoyed the sweet smoke that came from the bourbon in my Kentucky Bloody. And for fans of tequila, check out their Bloody Maria! 

Pro tip: For $14, the Moshulu offers bottomless Bloodies and mimosas. There aren't many places in Philly that can say that - or at that price! 

Charcuterie & Cheese 

Chef also sent out a gorgeous charcuterie plate, which included house-cured salumi - coppa, bresoala, and luxurious duck prosciutto that simply melted upon mastication. Adorned with pickled pearl onions and carrots, crostini, mustard, and pickles, the smorgasbord was paired with a half-wheel of baked brie with roasted golden raisins, honey, and Marcona almonds. I know I'll be baking my brie at home with golden raisins from here on out! 

Crab Cake Eggs Benedict [$24]
Creamed spinach, chive hollandaise, Canadian bacon, English muffin 

For my main, I went with the crab cake benedict. I'd highly recommend you do the same. A healthy portion of lump crab cake is without much, if any, filler. It sits atop a crisp English muffin and Canadian bacon, with the heft of the dish amplified by creamed spinach, perfectly poached eggs and a rich, creamy hollandaise. Served with Moshulu's tender hash potatoes and some acid provided by well-dressed greens, you can't go wrong with this dish if you're a fan of eggs bennies.

Multigrain Banana Pancakes [$16]
Peanut butter, toasted peanuts, chocolate chips, double cut bacon, maple syrup

The GF opted for a bit of sweet with their hearty multi-grain banana pancakes, which were studded with ripe banana slices, chocolate chips, and dusted with powdered sugar. It was also served with amazingly thick and crisp bacon to provide that perfect marriage between salty and sweet. The only way to enhance the bite? A healthy drizzle of maple syrup. 

Chocolate Lux Layer Cake [$12]
Dark chocolate mousse, cherry vanilla chocolate chunk ice cream 

Don't neglect the dessert menu! If you're looking to end your meal with chocolaty decadence,  my money's on the luxe cake. Adorned with a disc of milk chocolate and gold leaf, the moist cake has a dark chocolate ganache and chocolate butter cream. The accompanying cherry vanilla ice cream had a great mouth-feel and broke up the richness of the cake. 

Along with the great food and execution by Chef Bonett's kitchen, the service was top notch. Unsurprising because this is a Marty Grims / Fearless Restaurants operation. So if you're looking for the perfect venue for a riverside brunch, look no further than the Moshulu. They recently renovated the deck, with plans to offer a la carte dining up top.
When you first walk into the restaurant it smells moldy. The decor is ok, i think they need some renovation. 

I went there for dinner and i didn't know what to expect. The food was good. I only had one drink so i can't really comment on that. 

Appetizers: I've tried Kobe beef sliders, Steamed P.E.I. Mussels, and Hawaiian Ahi Tuna Tartare are all delicious. The artisan cheese plate is not that good to me. 

Entree: 16oz Prime Ribeye is tasty and the Wasabi crusted chilean sea bass is not that good. I usually love eating sea bass but i had to say i couldn't finish it and it is not a big piece!

And for dessert i had creme brulee it was ok. I had better.
If you have been here, had the mac and cheese and tell me you don't like it, you are not the kind of person that I ever want to know. If you don't like that mac and cheese, there is nothing in this world that will bring you joy and I will pray for your icy, black heart. As you can probably tell, I recommend the mac and cheese.

Just left here a few hours ago and I must say that I am VERY pleased. The restaurant is literally a boat and has a very cool, luxury nautical decor. The one negative about it being a boat is that it kinda slopes on the sides so our table was on a slant a little bit. It didn't cause any problems, but I can see it being a catalyst for a lot of spills.

We started with the Kobe beef sliders that were ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC. Whew! After that, I had the veal medallions and the misses got the crab cake. The first thing that stuck out to me was the portions. We were both worried that the entrees would be small, like most upscale restaurants, but they do a nice job of feeding you. My veal was so tender, I could've cut it with my fork. It came with jumbo lump crab meat and mashed potatoes that all paired up VERY nicely. I was VERY happy with my order, although I may still have been riding my high from the mac and cheese. The GF's crab cake was delicious as well. 

You WILL be paying when you come to Moshulu. The sliders, veal, crab cake, mac and cheese, vegetable side and 2 glasses of wine came to $124 before tip. But like my gf pointed out, at least youre paying for food that you are very pleased with. 

I fully recommend Moshulu for every now and then when you want to step it up and treat yourself a little.
I would rate this a 3.5 overall. 3.5 for food, 5 ambiance, 5 for service, 3.5 for prices. 

Overall enjoyed the experience because, I mean you're on a freaking boat, a nice one at that. I'd been really excited to go, you know, it seems like the classy date thing to do so really, life owed it to my dating life to really come out here eventually. I was underwhelmed by the appetizers, ngl. BUT the service was phenomenal, I wish I could remember my waitresses' name but dang it, it escaped me. Also, the boat is amazing and they even have restroom attendants which I feel like I should have expected but what I didn't expect was the candy inside lol. 

We had oysters and ceviche for starters. This was one of the worstttt ceviches I've had in my life and I've had many. Nothing in the description suggested that the fish would taste bitter like when fruit goes rancid so I'm not sure if something was wrong with my food or if that's what they were aiming for. The presentation was nice though. The oysters were also very measly and not meaty at all, I expected jucier, meatier and richer oysters. 


Despite the bad experience with my appetizers, the entrees were actually very good. I ordered the Alaskan halibut and I absolutely loved it, like thinking back makes me salivate. My date also really liked his filet mignon and raves about it to this day. 

So my advice, go go go but maybe skip the appetizers.
I should title this review "the front of the ship", as in "the back of the bus."

I have wanted to go to the Moshulu for a long time, because I've heard good things about the food and service and also because I'm interested in the ship and its history. 

The food and service were terrific, but there was one major problem.

When we were seated, the hostess took us to the back left room in the dining area, which is actually toward the bow of the ship.

My companion, who is black and has experienced being put in the corner in many restaurants, thought we were sent to this inconspicuous area because we are an interracial couple.  She said, could we sit at another table, next to where we were seated but not in the back room.  The hostess explained that they have to seat tables in a way that will balance the number of parties each of the servers is helping.  However, within three minutes, the table we had asked for was filled, I believe by two or three white men.  I was skeptical about what my companion said, or should I say naive.  The waiter asked if we wanted to speak with the manager, but we didn't (we should have).

When we were seated, another interracial couple was seated in the back room, and within short order two additional black couples were seated there, where there may be eight or ten tables.

In fairness, when I went to the men's room, I found that there were a couple of black couples seated elsewhere.

Needless to say, this experience ruined our evening at the Moshulu.  The restaurant needs to do something about what seems to be a discriminatory policy, whether it is or not.

Maynard R
Very few restaurants have left me an impression good enough to make me feel like writing a review for it, and due to my lazy nature(I bought a total of over 10,000 dollar worth goods on Amazon.com and zero reviews was written), I have never written a single serious restaurant review before Moshulu. But this one, I have to do it.

It was my first anniversary with my girlfriend, and I left a note to the Open-Table reservation I made stating my situation and requesting a better view table. I doubted if anyone would notice it at all before I left home with my girlfriend. To our complete surprise, when I got to the place and sat down at a nice table as I have requested, the waitress took out an envelope of nicely printed congratulations card, with carefully hand-written anniversary greetings. We, were shocked.

And of course, food/wine/service was amazing. Too many people wrote about it, I'll just skip this part.

Then comes the desert, we ordered cheesecake. To our complete surprise again, it came with with a BIG chocolate words of Happy Anniversary, and a lit candle. Didn't know what to say at the moment. And just in case you don't know, cheesecake was amazing too.

After the night I made a promise to myself, that I would take my love back to this ship, every single anniversary.
Two words for them: Rip off!!

Starting at the hype they create around reservations that "we are ohh so overbooked" and people are lining up to eat here to the "uncooked" pasta and a ridiculously overpriced menu.

I mean yea, its fine dining on an noncommissioned floating boat and with titanic interiors and ambiance but a $35 uncooked pasta makes it not so worth it. 

There are other better fine dining experiences I have had for a bit cheaper.

Good for one time maybe to know what the hype is about but naaa for the second time around.
Came here on a cold and rainy day, so we couldn't enjoy the deck upstairs. Luckily, we were seated right at a window with a gorgeous view of the river despite the rain. The food was very delicious - we had the lobster bisque, lobster avocado salad, wasabi crusted sea bass, and scallops. The lobster bisque and scallops were definitely my favorite - both dishes were so rich and buttery - amazing! the only drawback was that the dishes got cold quickly and could be for 2 reasons - the draft from the window seat and that they don't serve on heated plates. But a great dining experience. This is definitely a romantic place (and pricey), not a pirate ship to take your kids to.
I don't really understand the five star reviews.  First, I came knowing that it was expensive, and this review has nothing to do with that.  I was prepared to pay top dollar, and in that, my expectations were met.  

Maybe we should have sat below deck.  The downstairs was beautiful.  But we wanted the open air.  It was a beautiful evening, about 70F and no humidity, so why not?  We got our table for five after a minimal wait, which was OK.  It didn't seem to be terribly busy, and there were plenty of waitstaff around.

We sat down and there were only four place mats for the five of us.  Oops.  So we swiped one from an empty table nearby.  

No place settings.  The waitress (who was pretty casual about keeping an eye on our table in case we needed something and pretty skilled at avoiding eye contact as she cruised past our table) took our drink orders and returned shortly with picnic style place settings - a knife and fork for each of us, all unceremoniously dropped at the end of the table, each wrapped in a paper napkin.  Should they be placed by each person at the table?  This didn't impress me, given my expectation that I'd be paying about $45 average for entrees and $15 for appetizers.  

Our table was no more than ten feet from the bar, so why did it take fifteen minutes for our drinks to arrive?  And no draft beers, another minor thing piled on top of several other minor things.

The appetizers were tasty but the portions were sub-par.  Three shrimps?  About a half teaspoon of lobster in the lobster bisque?  You can do better.

The entrees were delicious, no complaints there.  It took a while for it to arrive, but we were in no hurry.  

Dessert was not up to par.  A couple of us ordered them, and it was obvious when they arrived, after a considerable time, that they weren't made to order, as I would expect considering the price, but merely taken from the freezer.  So why would it take so long for them to arrive?

No coffee!  I asked for a cup of coffee (I didn't order dessert) and was told that they didn't serve coffee on the deck because it was so far from the kitchen.  What?  What kind of BS is this?

Finally, the music was SO loud.  I guess I should have asked if they could turn it down.  It wasn't like anyone was dancing, but it was loud enough to drown out normal conversation.  

So except for the dessert, I give the food four or five stars.  Sitting on the deck enjoying the open air was very nice.  But the indifferent, inattentive service rates only one star.  I feel like for the prices you can expect to pay, you should expect attentive service and at least a little pampering.
I almost feel like I cheated. My best friend and I went here after buying a Groupon for half off our meal. I mean a romantic restaurant on a boat sitting on the side of the Delaware River? I mean come on! 
This is where people to to propose to their significant other or after graduations or special family visits. But no, the two of us went on a random weekend night. The sushi was fantastic! I ordered a Soft Bibb Lettuce salad and a vegetarian sushi roll. She got the lobster sushi and was in love! I mean if you're gonna fall in love it may as well be here and with their food.
The staff here is fantastic and gave good recommendations. They even ordered us a cab at the end of our meal since we were running late for the train back home. 
The setting was quite and romantic overlooking the river. Something very very unique to the city! It would be a great place to mark a special evening or even Valentine's day!
Wow! This was the place I chose to go for my first outing since quarantine. Because it was restaurant week, my boyfriend and I wanted to go somewhere that was special (and safe). We wanted to sit by the water and the hostess was really nice to accommodate us.

This experience was wonderful! Our server always had a mask on and was always willing to help us in any way. First thing I ordered was a mangojito, which was phenomenal. The right amount of sweetness to start the meal. The appetizers, however, was the star of the show. I ordered a spicy tuna on crispy rice and it was awesome. The flavors were perfectly combined with the spicy and the tangy. My boyfriend ordered the lobster bisque, and it was probably the best I've ever had. It was creamy and it was full of flavor that was fresh.

I also tried the Atlantic salmon for the main course. I really enjoyed the mustard aioli that came with it. The rainbow surf and turf was good as well. It was comforting and home-y. For dessert, we had a trio of carrot cake, no flour brownie, and cheesecake. It was served with a raspberry drizzle on the plate. The carrot cake was soft and moist. The brownie had a toffee icing, which was delicious. But the cheesecake let me tell you. That was so good. It was creamy and it would just melt in your mouth. Plus there was a very thin layer of white chocolate on the bottom that just added bonus points.

I definitely recommend this place and I hope to try it out again for their regular menu!
Birthday brunch for a table of 6 on a Sunday at 12pm. Underwhelming and overall disappointing experience. Food was skimp and not delicious for the price point. Service was not very good. 

$16 Bottomless was the only positive positive about this experience. You can switch it up and choose from mimosas, peach bellinis, kir royals, poinsettias. Good deal considering one single peach Bellini is $11. 

Belgian waffles- $18 - 3 tiny and dry waffles with some fruits and maple syrup. Could've probably made the same waffles and I don't even know how to cook.
Cheesesteak omelette - $19 - probably the only thing we all were ok with. The beef short rib was skimp. I think the only thing good anyone said about the entrees was that the omelette was good, which speaks a lot about the experience. 
Turkey BLT Panini- $17- for $17 I can guarantee you getting 3 Wawa Sandwiches is more worth your money and it'll taste better. Sandwich was really dry, everything kept falling apart. I love paninis and this was an insult to the panini name.
Surf and Turf - $22 - 3 pieces of shrimp, giant chunk of iceberg lettuce and some thin pieces of "filet," so thin it couldn't be cooked medium rare and was mostly well done.
Steak and Eggs special - $27(?)- 7oz ribeye with scrambled eggs. 75% of the ribeye was all fat and 75% was alive, we asked for medium rare and got rare. 
Seasonal fruits- $5- for a teacup of like 2 strawberries, 2 pieces of pineapple, and 8 blueberries.
Chocolate cake-$12- this was good! Layers of fudge cake, vanilla cheesecake, and chocolate cream was delicious.
Creme brûlée- $10- really basic and nothing special. Whole Foods creme brûlée tastes better than this. 
Espresso- $4- I used to be a barista in college, this was like half an espresso. 
Cappuccino -$5- nothing special super tiny.

Service- 2/5 - server was unfriendly. She kept bringing out 5 sharing plates/utensils/etc even though it was a table of 6, and we had to keep grabbing things from the table next to us...It was my friends bday (it even said it on the reservation) and she had birthday balloons and there wasn't even 1 candle on the 2 desserts we ordered! Another server (might have been the manager) who made conversation with us a few times asked why we didn't sing hpbd, told him we didn't get a candle. Saw him talk to our server while pointing at our table, we thought some kind of accommodation was going to be made for my friends bday but the server brought out the check.

We used a yelp check in and got one of the desserts for free. We sat outdoor on the mid deck but it was windy so there were clear plastic covers over the deck. The inside dining and overall decor of the place is very old looking, a little dingy in some areas but bathrooms are nice. My friend who dined here last month saw a mouse run around in the dining room, too. For a $$$ restaurant, we weren't impressed and won't be back.
This review is for the Sunday Brunch only.

Let's see.. I would give this place a 5 out of 5 stars for value.  A brunch buffet plus all you can drink champagne for like $40-$45 is a great deal.  If I were looking for a brunch buffet not including the booze, this would not be my first choice.  It is pretty basic (cheese, fruit, lettuce with choice of 3 toppings and 3 dressings, 2 random salads- whitefish and egg salad, and assorted deli meats).  You order your entree off of the brunch menu and can choose an assortment of desserts off of the bar.  Food was basic and service was slooooooooooooooow.  It took about 20 minutes to place our order, 15 minutes to get our checks, and 15 minutes for our server to come back with our cards.  Other brunch buffets I would suggest:
Waterworks - $40.00 (pp)
Lacroix  - $56.00
Swann  Lounge - $73.00

** Also - I read in some of the reviews that the patrons were mad that their servers added the gratuity to the check.  Just because I server adds it DOES NOT mean you have to pay it.  Kindly ask your server to remove it from the bill and then you decide what they deserve.  Take back the power!  America!
Overpriced, touristy. The drink was strong (Bongo Mojito), but came in a small plastic cup and could have used more ice - at $9.50 a pop, I am demanding. I can't imagine dropping money for food here. Fun to be on a boat though...
Moshulu is one of Philadelphia's most beautiful restaurant locations. You have an option to lounge on the beautiful deck with moderately priced drinks and bar food, or enjoy dinner in the lower deck. I'd strongly recommend reserving a table for dinner. We tried the chicken dumplings and sushi, which were great! The tomato mozzarella pepperoni fondue is my pick of the bunch although the bread was way too hard and crisp for my liking. 

Although the food is not quite up there with some of Philadelphia's best restaurants, the ambience more than makes up for it. How often do you have the opportunity to dine on a four mast ship while you enjoy the sunset? This is a must try Penn's Landing experience. Two thumbs up!
Extremely slow service 
Food average at best 
Go once to check off your list
Not worth a second visit
Ok so this was my second time back because I had such a great experience the first time, naturally I asked for Ashley L. to be my waitress but she no longer works there. 
As usual, my party and I walked in and were greeted by such friendly staff.  After being told Ashley no longer worked there, I was greeted by Anne l, our waitress. 
Anne was super bubbly and very attentive to our party, there was about 5 of us there for a friend's retirement so I'm sure we were cackling hens lol. She made sure we had exactly what we needed even after the restaurant got busy. The food was amazing, the drinks were great and Anne' service was even better. 
Her service was so great, that I brought my sister back there the next day after church.
Things to keep in mind, the bottomless drinks are an extra $18 bucks once you purchase a meal (so worth it),
They don't use glass cups or straws because they're so close to the ocean and if you're dining for brunch bring sunglasses because it get pretty sunny up there. 

I recommend the Moshulu burger, it's so juicy. 
The shrimp and grits were great also but some might find it spicy. 
This place is A+++++++++
As always, after reading varied reviews about a place I haven't tried yet, I was second guessing my decision about giving the Moshulu a go. Only this time, I was taking my out-of-town guest out for a $35 Sunday Champagne Brunch and I didn't want to disappoint going somewhere I'm not familiar with. But then I remembered, "Oh, right. It's the freakin' Moshulu, a unique experience on an historic boat with unlimited champagne, accompanied by a girl friend who just wants to do something "fancy." Of course we go to the Moshulu! I live here and still haven't been, so off we went.

Now for the part you readers actually care about: 

~Coffee:

Tasted just fine and was refilled to my heart's content.

~Champagne: 

I'm going to be bold and say (after tasting the mimosa and bellini) it's probably an inexpensive Extra Dry champagne. This is totally fine with me because I prefer that over too-sweet Asti and macho overtly dry Brut varietals anyway! So whoever complains about the champagne being cheap, I'm sorry but I suppose you'd have to be a connoisseur to really care since it's mixed up with fruit juice anyway. We dug it.
(Also, no hangovers were experienced, as we drank our waters like good girls.)

~1st & 2nd course buffet food:

Mostly hits and a few misses. But at least it's a buffet, right? The croissants (I know there's nutmeg in there!) and danishes got winning marks. The other pastries were pretty good too. Mini quiches wonderfully seasoned, but the pastry shell was lacking freshness. The bagels were cold, hard and awful. Genuardi's has better bagels, but the lox cream cheese was lovely. Who needs the carbs anyway?
The sausage & cheese antipasto was a bit too greasy and potent in the wrong ways and didn't really go with all the other stuff around it, but the bowtie pesto was just right: light and fresh tasting with mozzarella balls and grape tomatoes. The lobster bisque was wonderful (although I secretly wished there were some solid bits of seafood in there like a chowder). Incidentally, I actually tried the bisque after I was already stuffed from the main 3rd course, but it counts as part of the 2nd so I'm adding it to this FINE paragraph.

~3rd (Main) course:

I selected the filet mignon omlete [sic] which was served with jalapenos and provolone cheese and a side of wedged roasted potatoes covered with a sparkling rainbow of sauteed bell peppers and onions. The meat was great with the peppers and cheese, but I have to say I didn't bother eating the egg part of the omelet because they must have cooked them separate with no seasoning AT ALL and just covered up the meat, peppers & cheese like a lazy taco. The filet and potatoes were tasty and satisfying, it's just a shame they didn't actually cook the steak with the eggs mixed together. Flavors & ingredients = WIN, potatoes & steak = WIN, execution of "omelet" = FAIL. 

My friend had the pumpkin pancakes and they were just what you want when you order pumpkin pancakes, complete with spiced butter, cranberry garnish & a cran sauce on the plate. Just add syrup and, oh yes, it comes with sausage and bacon on the side. I tasted & was pleased. "Consume all the pumpkin things!"

~Dessert:

Somehow I managed to make it to the dessert table (which should not be missed) and enjoyed the fare there. The highlights for me were the lemon tartes, the not too potent tiramisu (I don't like it too bitter and this one was delicate and fluffy), the butterscotch budino (a fine whipped pudding with crunchies at the bottom and whipped cream w/ chocolate shavings at the top), and of course the fresh strawberries dipped into the chocolate fountain. I am not really a rich chocolate person, but if you are, I can tell you the opera torte was delicious as well.

Our fine waiter, Bora, was very attentive to our needs and was just flirtatious enough to keep us giddy. (He was really pushing those extra bellinis too lol) I daresay the other tables that were doing the girlfriend brunch thing were quite happy with their male waiters too!

So despite the noticeable flaws in some of the items served (and the slight ache in my back from sitting at a 15° angle (it's a boat) in an overly-cushy chair that swallowed my ample rear like a failed puff pastry) I would still TOTALLY go back here to enjoy brunch and gorge myself on culinary delights for 4 hours while a cute waiter brings me coffee and fruity champagne. I bat my eyelashes like Mae West, saying "No, I simply couldn't have another...*pause* Bahaha! Ok, bring me another!"

I had a great time brunching but I don't think I'd choose Moshulu for a dinner date.

If you're trying to impress foodies that can't hang with a few mistakes, then by all means, forget the old timey charm of the ship and go elsewhere, but I think this was absolutely worth it and if you haven't been here yet, stop flip-flopping and give the Brunch a try. You WILL be full and you there's a good chance you WILL find SOMETHING you like. Perhaps a croissant... Perhaps a waiter! XD
I went for Sunday brunch. They weren't offering bottomless mimosas which no one could give me a reason why but that's fine. The food was good but nothing to write home about. I had the blackened red snapper with cheese grits. It was good but very expensive for the food. We ordered a deck jug sangria which was little more than 2 weak cocktails served in a big half empty jug with not all ingredients listed (I ended up being allergic). Our server was very uninterested, just kind of seemed to be there but didn't care about what we or the other tables around us would say. What they did do great was social distancing! Servers wore masks (ours didn't pull his over his nose so mostly ineffective but....) and tables were 6-10 feet apart! I felt very comfortable dining here during the corona outbreak!! The atmosphere was great but I don't know I'd pay this much just to have brunch on a ship again.  

Overall, food was okay, drinks were overpriced for no alcohol, server didn't totally suck.
Had dinner for our one year anniversary here. Overall the place looks a bit dated, but was not inconsistent with my expectations (seemed like a classic-elegance as opposed to super trendy type place).

Pros:
It's on a boat
Lobster bisque (4 stars)
California shrimp crunch (4 stars)

Cons:
Service. I am usually not fussy about service, but for the price that I'm paying at this place (which totaled $160 for two people pre-tip), I expect the following:
To not have to ask for plates to be cleared
To not have to remind waiter that we already placed our drink orders
To not have to ask for a second drink
To not have to ask for a knife with my main course (which was then never provided)
Waiter to know the menu (was told I was getting 3 scallops but got 4 -- in reality a pleasant surprise, but demonstrated lack of knowledge of dishes)
Waiter to scrape away bread crumbs on the table (again, don't normally care about this, but expected it based on price of the restaurant)

Besides the two dishes in the Pros section, the rest of the food was mediocre. We got the asparagus side dish (which was basically just steamed asparagus, nothing special but cost $11), the salmon main, and scallops main. The salmon was a bit odd, combining pan seared salmon, smoked salmon, and salmon roe. Nothing outstandingly bad, but just not that great. Scallops were pretty tasty if not a bit oily. The best tasting part about the scallops dish was the gnocchi, of which there were about four (small ones) included in the entire dish.

The bathroom was a bit dirty (nothing atrocious, but for $160 per meal I expect a fancy-ass bathroom). Toilet paper not on the roll, paper towels left on the sink, that kind of thing.

The service was extremely fast. We arrived at 6:45 (15 minutes early for our reservation) and were finished by 7:30. I would gladly have sacrificed service speed for more attention to details as noted above.

Finally, we had the hostess order a cab for us after the meal, after which she promptly left the hostess station, never to return. We heard the phone ringing, twice, luckily assumed this was our cab, and ran out to catch it. The cab was about to leave after having called the restaurant twice to let them know he was there.

There are plenty of better places to spend your money in the city, so I would not recommend that you do so here.
