Mustaches + souvlaki = Moustaki ! Cute well designed graphic logo and fun modern interior with blue metal chairs and rustic wood table tops. Just a few steps from The Franklin Institute, it was the perfect spot to have lunch after visiting the Terra-cotta Warriors exhibit. Moustaki is a new restaurant that opened in the last few months, use to be a pizza joint. They decided to keep pizza on the menu for customers who will miss the old pizza place, ha. Great classic Greek menu, authentic gyro sandwiches with French fries wrapped inside. Friendly staff, unfortunately not in my residential neighborhood, but will definitely be back after my next Franklin Institute show!
A fantastic find on an unseasonably warm November day.  Lentil Soup, Horiatiki Salad -topped with salmon - so perfect - and "greek" waffle fries.

Great service from Ian.

We loved that house-made pita, too.

Everything was so tasty and moderately priced.  Lovely!
I eye up Moustaki every time I drive past but rarely find myself in the area. I've always been curious because I absolutely love Mediterranean food! Last week, I finally made Moustaki my dining destination before heading to an event at the Franklin Institute. 

The menu has a lot on it and there's definitely something for everyone. I'm trying to get into a more pescetarian diet so I gravitated towards the salmon platter. In an attempt to keep it healthy-ish, I went with rice and lemon potatoes, though I was definitely eyeing up the fries. 

We started with the feta dip appetizer which I wasn't crazy about. The cucumbers that came with were past their prime; they had that soft, translucent look around the edges. 

Fortunately, the main dish was really solid. The salmon portion was generous and I liked the potatoes a lot (the rice was fine, nothing extraordinary). 

I'd give Moustaki another shot if I happened to be in the neighborhood again.
What I love about Moustaki is not the gyro, but the SPANAKOPITA! 

Must get: spanakopita (spinach pie), chicken/egg soup
Meh: pork souvlaki
Missed out: pizza

We found this delightful Greek restaurant after visiting the Franklin Science Museum. The foot traffic was non-existing, but likely due to the rainy Monday evening phenomenon. Much of the dishes on the menu are commonplace, but the key item to get is the spinach pie. I was expecting the triangular pastries, freshly thawed from the frozen aisle from your friendly neighborhood grocery store, but instead I got a freshly made, hot from the oven moderate-sized pie that reminded me of an excellent scallion pancake from Chinatown than what I've had in the past. The gyros themselves were a bit bare, and I was not a big fan of the fries embedded within the pita, but meat was delicious. I would have loved to see the spinning gyro in display, rather than seeing the kitchen staff pick the meat from a box, but hey, it was 7pm at night, so it was reasonable.

Overall, this was a fun stop and would recommend stopping by, even if it's just for the spinach pie.

Food: 4 stars
Price: 3 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
Service: 3 stars
Not a fan of the food from this establishment as the waffle fries on the side were the only good part of the meal.
- Both the pork and chicken souvlaki were tough/overcooked
- The vegetables were also overcooked to the point of being mush 
- Portions were small for the price
- Table service was pretty slow for a Sunday morning 

My boyfriend said he might be willing to try the gyros, but personally I would pass on coming back.
(to the tune of "F*** You Betta" by Neon Hitch)

(Feta feta etta feta feta etta ay) x 4

I, I can hear my tummy tonight, night
I want some Greek food all right, right
No need for a fork or knife, knife (yeah)
Hey, hey - Call so your order is ready-ay
I've only taken away, ay
But the shop's cute in the day, ay

[Pre-Hook]
I can't stop eating these grape leaves
Makes me feel like a Grecian queen, yeah
But there's one thing I gotta say

[Hook]
The eats are all quite good, and always get the feta 
Feta feta etta feta feta etta ay (x2)
Just don't sleep on the feta
Feta etta etta etta etta ay
Waffle fries are great, but betta with the feta.

Greek food - it travels decently (minus the waffle fries, which are worth a visit in the oven). Sometimes you just need to scratch the itch, and these grape leaves are something I crave. The gyro meat is awesome, the chicken is a LEETLE dry (really my only complaint) and the portions are large. The prices are fair (though definitely not "cheap" - this isn't a dive) and it is kind of the only show in town around the area, so I'm sure I'll be back!
I've run past this place so many times and gotten a small wifff of the food. It always smelled good so it was only a matter of time before I had to try the place. Came for lunch during the week & it was decently busy. 

They have a few outdoor picnic tables as well as tables inside and they also do takeout. I was doing takeout so I placed my order at the counter and waited for my food on a couch. They were surprisingly really fast which was nice! And the staff was really friendly and helpful. 

I ordered the chicken gyro with taziki sauce and it was everything I hoped for. The meat was cooked to perfect and the sandwich had so much flavor. The prices were also really decent for the city. Will 100% make this one of my rotating lunch spots!
In an unprecedented development, Moustaki's Moustaki pizza (a square cheese pizza with pork gyro, pepperoni, and feta cheese added to it) has supplanted Stella's sausage pizza as my favorite pie in Philadelphia. It's a flavor explosion of epic proportions, the joy of discovering which moved me to tears as each bite was more delicious than the last. For some meals, food is fuel - an emotion-less experience meant to nourish and replenish, and then you move on, giving it not a second thought. Other times, the important times, the times where you realize life is truly worth living, the meal manifests as a physical and spiritual awakening that has elevated your existence and left you a better, more complete person. That's what this pizza is. 

The waffle fries are also as crispy and flavorful as you hope and they aren't afraid to get creative with their Greek-inspired topping combinations. 

To future visitors, I say:  .
I'm not sure if they are "authentic" as the name implies but they are mad tasty. 

I don't believe you could order anything bad. I had a lamb gyro with tzatziki and spicy feta spread. That's definitely the way to go. A friend ordered the Spartan Challenge or Spartan Warrior and that had everything on it: chicken, lamb, pork, pepperoni, etc; it was a challenge for him to finish. 

We also ordered a cheese pizza for his daughter and honestly.... It was pretty solid. Tasted like a pizza I've had in my childhood, and I like a square cut. It's fun and different. 

The staff was super nice and friendly. The atmosphere is probably more fun outside of a pandemic but it's definitely on my list of favorite lunch spots.
Got delivery. Really enjoyed the spicy feta dip on our gyros. Hit the spot after a long day of traveling. Shame we can't dine in anywhere right now, but glad we could enjoy a good meal anywag
3.5
Stopped in today with a group of co-workers to order take out. Pretty excited there is a gyro place right around the corner now! You order at the counter then sit down and they bring you your order. Lots of seating but the largest seating area was a 4 top..I'm sure it wouldn't be a problem to push together additional tables. 

Looking at the menu my first thought was...hm no lamb gyro? So I stuck with the lamb souvlaki sandwich. Second thought was that the service was slow...it wasn't terrible, as I realize we were waiting for 6 individual dishes..The longer I waited the more excited I got. We were standing near the kitchen while waitresses walked by us with STUFFED sandwiches, zucchini chips (which I will definitely try next time). 

Upon returning to the office, everyone was surprised at how small the sandwiches were.  Ours were definitely not loaded like the people who dined in..this was surely disappointing. I was happy that my special request was granted for no onions and extra tzatziki however let down when the last quarter of my sandwich only contained tomatoes and frozen waffle fries. 

Overall it is reasonably priced, the space is clean and bright, service was friendly. I'd definitely go back but I think I'll dine in to see if the experience is any better.
Finally!!! A go-to delivery place for Greek food/gyros. We ordered last night through their website - easy & thorough, and no GrubHub fees (yay!). I got the village salad with lamb & the BF got the lamb gyro platter with veggies & waffle fries. We also ordered dolmades & the fiery feta dip (we were hungry!). Everything was fresh & delicious! Portions were huge (we easily will get 3 meals each out of this), and the order was on our doorstep in ~30 min. No more searching & trying new places! Moustaki, you're the one for us!
For the price this is a find. Previously I had only had the dolmas. Today I had the salmon which was cooked perfectly. And a generous portion.  Accompanied with tasty lemon potatoes and perfectly roasted veggies. My friend really like her chicken skewers. For GF a good choice. No marinade put on meat. Avoid fries as they do put one breaded item in the fryer.
Oh My Fries

I was shocked to learn that Moustaki and Pete's Pizza around the corner had the same owner because the food at Moustaki is significantly better. I'm not sure if that's a compliment or an insult. Probably both, but Moustaki's Gyro  meat is cooked the way that all Greek food should be...with a vertical broiler and it tastes as such.

But it's really the fries that will hook you. I work in this area, and these fries keep me coming back at least once every two weeks or so. Great fries.

Four stars, though, cause their vegetables are complete crap. I'd give them a 1/5. They seem to be wrapped in tin foil and put in an oven. It makes them extremely soggy and completely inedible. There's no care put into their mixed vegetable side. 

If you avoid the veggies, you're fine. Everything else is pretty great and their service is usually solid.
I've ordered from Moustaki three times in the past two months, and their delivery and preparation have been fantastic. I love the Greek salad and spicy feta dip
A fun game my husband and I like to play is "we just bought a ton of groceries at Trader Joe's and swore we'd eat at home from now on but oh look we're passing by Moustaki's, it can't hurt to get some gyros, right????" Worth it every time.
The gyro was delicious and I love that they put fries in the gyros. Not to mention how big these gyros are and how much meat they put it in....definitely bang for your buck. Have had multiple times now and will continue going back.
I haven't left a review in a while but wow this place needs to be at the top of everyone's list.

If you're looking for an authentic shaved lamb gyro this needs to be your go to! 

Pita was warm and fresh 
Tzadziki was authentic think and rich 
Gyro meat was plentiful and not that fake pressed stuff.
Tomatoes were fresh and there were just the right amount of red onions. 
Traditionally I think white onions would have been on there but the red wasn't over powering. 

It was so good I didn't get a solid photo but hey I guess that's an excuse to eat here again :P 

Try it out! 

Oh my only advice on this place ... order a side of pita there is so much meat you can make a second sandwich lol

Please please order from them for delivery. Menu prices are accurate, $1.5 delivery fee only. Support local and skip the grub hub or Uber eats.
I love this place, but I wish they would stop forgetting the tzaki sauce for delivery orders. This is not a sauce that we normally have in our household. Gyro meat does not taste as good without it.
Came here after an evening at Dinos After Dark at the Academy of Natural Sciences. Wasn't sure what to expect since it was my friend's idea to come here. They wanted to reminisce their Cyprus days...lol I mean...I've been let down so many times when it comes to Greek food. So I wasn't prepared to be too impressed. 

The space is pretty small, but it's cute. We were pleasantly welcomed by the staff behind the counter. Not sure what the system was so we asked and they told us that we can choose our seats and they'll take our orders. It was a pretty quiet night so there were plenty of available seats...but there were also several patrons dining, so that's always a good sign. 

We chose a bar table next to a window. Their menus are incredibly helpful to those not familiar with Greek food. With pictures and descriptions of what the items are. I ended up ordering a chicken gyro and my friend ordered a 3 meat platter...it was HUGE. They ended up have leftovers for two additional meals! haha I snuck a bite of the sausage off their plate...Oh my. It was very special...do I detect a hint of cinnamon? Anyways...I thoroughly enjoyed my chicken gyro. The chicken was perfectly seasoned, moist and soft. I chose the classic route by getting the tzatziki but next time I think I'll try the Moustaki mustard dressing.

I kid you not I was dreaming of their food, the next day and even a couple days later...

Service was exceptional and the food is excellent. I will DEFINITELY be returning.
This was the best gyro i've ever had hands downnnn! So delicious and only $8?! I'm all here for it! I'll definitely be coming back and bringing my friends and family here. Big plus: BYOB
First food destination on a late night in Philly, after Thanksgiving, and not a bad spot at all for what it is.

Plenty of items on the menu and all the greek staples you'd expect from Gyros to Vine leaves to Hummus to Salads.

Between 3 of my dining pals, they ordered some Spinach Pie, Tzatziki, Hummus, Gyros Fries and Vine leaves - I then ordered a Gyros Platter. 

All were pretty good, although the Hummus was a little on the dry side. This could have been easily fixed by adding an extra swizz of olive oil.

Now here's the next piece...I'm not sure if they should be rewarded for this or have a star taken away. The Gyros Fries are waffle fries topped with Pork Gyros, salad, Feta and Tzatziki - sounds tasty right? And they are! These will set you back a mere $6 bucks.

The Gyros platter is exactly the same thing, but swap the Waffle fries for boiled potatos and swap the salad for a miniscule bit of grilled veg. i.e. it's exactly the same as the Gyros Fries, but twice the price... The Gyros Fries portion is even bigger than the platter. 

SO: Foodwise, it's not bad at all. Pretty decent for a late bit.
HOT TIP: Don't bother with the platters unless you specifically want a different kind of Gyros/Souvlaki. The Gyros fries are by far the best bang for your buck, being half the price and same in size as the platters,
Waited 40 minutes for a gyro and spanikopita. It arrived cold. Served with cold half cooked waffle fries. Zucchini and Eggplant "chips" had neither - 100% squash chips. Heavily breaded and deep fried, sorta like a Squash pancake (which isn't really a real dish for a reason). Seemed like the take out orders overwhelmed the kitchen staff and guests in the actual dining hall got short shrift.
Have gotten take-out a couple of times. The quality of the food is excellent. Authentic (no cone of mystery meat - actual slices/chunks of recognizable stuff) and well-prepared. The pork and chicken gyro meat is well-seasoned and very tasty.

There are still a few kinks being ironed out - the take-out portions appear to be smaller than what's served in the restaurant and there was a missing pita with our last Moustaki platter order. 

Overall, a fantastic addition to the neighborhood. Looking forward to continuing to patronize as this place hits its stride.
One of the best Pork Gyro's I've had in a long time. Very much an improvement to the neighborhood.
Service was prompt and the food was very good! Miles apart in quality from any of the gyro food trucks if you have a few extra minutes for lunch :)
Andre, I just stopped over moustaki restaurant  and I had the lamb souvlaki platter with lemon potatoes,roasted vegetables with the tzatziki and pita ,and also the gyro pork sandwiches ,and let me tell it was so delicious,juicy with a lot of flavors ,I just got back from the Greek islands and it is exactly the same very enjoyable and the owner and every one are so friendly,go and enjoy the food.
Greek fries, spanakopita, chicken gyro and pizza were all great. We got our food to go and it traveled perfectly. The inside of the restaurant is super clean and cute. I would definitely recommend for eat in, take out, and a new quick place to grab some great food.
The pizza here was amazing. They were super quick with getting it made for takeout. Staff was also great and friendly. Definitely will be going back
I had lunch there this afternoon, and I'm glad I did! I ordered a Lamb Gyro that was stuffed with tender, perfectly seasoned meat, creamy tzatziki, tomatoes, red onions, and a few French fries as well. Everything a Gyro should be at a reasonable price.
Good Greek food. Good service. Wonderful atmosphere with the doors open. Didn't realize they had outdoor seating until we left but it was nice and open with the doors and windows open. Gyros were great. Kid friendly too. A bit loud.
Tried the lamb sandwich but was disappointed. Overall very bland, the meat needed more salt and seasoning. Have had better from food trucks.
Wow this was a pleasant surprise, I really enjoyed my meal tonight. Service was excellent and friendly. I had the Chicken Gyro platter. The Chicken Gyro meat was better than most Greek restaurants I tried, not dry at all and tasted fresh (not sitting around for hours). I really enjoyed the lemon roasted potatoes and the tzatziki sauce was freshly made and had outstanding flavor. The grilled veggies were slightly over cooked but still good. I liked that you can get regular or whole-wheat pita bread. Food was served quickly. Lots of seating inside or outside. 

Highly recommended for casual Greek food.

BK
My boyfriend and I stopped here before an event at the Franklin Institute. It looks like a fast casual place where you would order at the counter but instead they seated us and took our order like a normal restaurant. We got a chicken gyro with tzatziki, lamb gyro with fiery feta spread and an appetizer order of waffle fries. The gyros had generous amounts of meat of them. The chicken was well seasoned but I liked the lamb more. The gyros had some onions and tomato but I wish they had more veggies on them.
The waffle fries were very delicious! Super crispy and the mustard sauce was great. 

Overall it hit the spot but it would be better as a fast casual place where you order at the counter. It felt odd to be served in that atmosphere. We will definitely be back!
Sooo good! Lamb gyros are amazing and fresh. Their Nutella honey cakes are melt in your mouth good. Their humus is fresh and has a nice citrus garlic bite! It was delish! Their waffle fries are sooo good and crispy! 

Yum!
Jas
Came to this lunch spot because I randomly drove past it on an Uber once. I was pretty excited; authentic gyros are very appealing. I was kind of surprised when I saw that the gyro was pork rather than lamb. Perhaps I've been swindled my whole life eating lamb gyro but I try and keep and open mind when trying to new spots, authentic or not. I decided to go with the pork gyro plate ($14) since my coworker was getting the chicken. I found the pork to be quite salty and wasn't great value from a lunch perspective. My other coworker who got the pork gyro sandwich agreed that it was quite salty. The lattice fries that came with my plate were generic and unsalted which I found kind of weird. I tried my friend's chicken plate and the chicken was dry and uninspiring. Not sure if I'll be back to this place any time soon. The person working the counter is really nice though and they seem like good people so I hope the best for them.
A dependable Greek restaurant near the parkway. We were hungry from walking around and wanted something filling, delicious, and inexpensive. Moustaki hit all three criteria. The place is BYOB and even let's you know the nearest liquor store to pick up some drinks. We split a lamb gyro and it was a bit dry but good. Our favorite was the sauce options and the fries we dipped our mustard sauce. A dependable place with not the best Greek food in the city but a nice weekday meal. We'll definitely come back and also utilize their delivery sometime.
3.5

It is a pretty safe option as far as gyros go, but not particularly interesting.  For example, I didn't really care for the de-frozen lattice fries on the souvlaki and the flavors were fine, just not really remarkable.  I got a souvlaki to-go, and was pretty surprised by the size (or lack thereof); it was okay because I wasn't that hungry, but it would not have satisfied me on a day I didn't eat breakfast.  The staff was pleasant, and the interior was clean and relatively inviting.  

Nothing offensive about the place, but also nothing very memorable.  In the future if I'm craving this type of food, I'd probably default to a halal cart unless I was getting lunch with a less adventurous eater.
This was our second trip.   The first was slightly better.  Only a 30 minute wait for 2 cool souvlakis and some tasty tzatziki on their first day.   We hoped they had gotten better in the last month. 

This trip was extremely disappointing.   We waited 55 minutes for one cold Souvlaki,  a sad piece of  spanikopita and some decent hummus.   

As local residents and lovers of Greek food, we were very excited for this neighborhood restaurant.  As entrepreneurs,  we were/ are pulling for them to make this work.   

Hopefully,  they can figure this out.   We'll wait and see.
Nice location within walking distance of a lot of the museums. Super-friendly staff. The menu is more extensive than I expected and there are plenty of options for those who don't eat meat. I ordered the harvest salad as well as the yogurt with honey and walnuts. The salad wasn't anything special, but the yogurt was really good. My boyfriend had a gyro and enjoyed it.
This meal was pathetic. It took well over an hour to be delivered less than 1 mile away. When the delivery driver arrived, he did not apologize. On top of that, the entire meal was cold and dry. The platter is very overpriced. You do not get much meat, and the sides are laughable in terms of size. The vegetables were mushy. The hummus was bland. The Gyro was also nothing to write home about. I'm not sure how this place has this many good reviews. They won't last long in Philly with so many better Greek places around. Avoid at all costs!
My friends and I were looking to find a place to eat after going to the Marvel exhibit at the Franklin Institute, and this was a pleasant surprise.  The restaurant was cute and we all enjoyed our food. I would recommend the lamb gyro with waffle fries.
It's a cute little shop in a very nice neighborhood, and we had a hankering for some good Greek food (gyro's, hummus, etc...), and wanted to give this place a try.  We ordered their Meze sampler (3 cold mezedes, which for us was their hummus, garlic eggplant dip, and stuffed grape leaves), along with several gyros.  We all enjoyed the food - it was fresh & flavorful, and for 3 of us, it was quite the feast.  The service was okay - they brought out a large refillable bottle of water along with water glasses, so we had plenty of water, and they took our order & served the food.  Only complaint is that when the bill came, they had over-charged us for the Meze sampler (supposed to be $15.99 according to the menu, but they rang it up as 3 Mezedes at $5.99/each, or $17.97).  So I casually mentioned it to hour waitperson, who proceeds to give me some lame excuse about how in their computer system, the Meze sampler is actually $20, so he was trying to save us money by ringing them up at $5.99/each.  I did not feel like arguing about a $2 over-charge, so I let it go, but I did adjust my normal tip by the same amount.  In case the owner may read these reviews - good luck to you, as you make good food there, but I'd suggest you charge customers what the menu prices are listed.  Over-charging customers leaves a really bad taste with customers.
Best Greek food we've had! On top on delivery time! The best!! Try their mezze sampler plate, their Lamb gyro and even their pizzas!
This place has become our favorite Greek takeout. Not only does it come delivered faster than any other place in Philly (seriously, why does Philly not have their delivery services down?), but it always tastes fresh. I love the lamb entree with rice pilaf and veggies. The pita comes warm and delicious. They're even nice on the phone! Definitely not bothering to order from anywhere else to satisfy Greek cravings :)
I recently had a catered event where Moustaki delivered wonderful delicious and authentic food. This was not your typical catered food but much more interesting and exciting! I am so glad our group chose Moustaki to cater. We'' definitely do it again!
So I work a 5 min walk away and I just discovered this place (thanks coworker for telling me about it).  I am not addicted or anything but I might have ordered from here every single time I've been in the office for the last 3 weeks.  I also might have gotten take out for home for hubby a few times.  I also might be eating it right now.  As I said...I am not addicted. 

But seriously.  So so so good.  So fresh.  So flavorful and so many low carb options.  Order everything, it's all delicious.
Good Gyro plates, good portion size. Food was good but nothing exceptional, prices are fair but on the higher end especially for a normal gyro. Should consider French fry as side option for gyro plates.
Yum! Ordered from here twice already during quarantine. The lamb gyros are wonderfully juicy and flavorful. The fries in the sandwich add a nice salty touch. Would recommend the tzatziki sauce on the gyro. However, the hummus and garlic dip were not the greatest - I would stick with the gyros.
I've been wanting to check out this place since they opened years ago in the art museum area. Finally, tonight I drove from the other end of the city, since I was craving a gyro!

I decided to go without my gf Shayda Buns because she typically likes rolls and not pitas as much, but I still ordered the gyro waffle fries in inspiration of her presence. These gyro waffle fries, which I also photographed were the best darn things I never knew even existed!

The servers told me I was in for a surprise, and boy did they surprise me. I had to wrap my gyro to go because the fries filled me up completely. On a high note, I'll be able to eat the gyro sometime very soon though and get to keep the Moustaki fever alive! Looking forward to it! Shayda will probably munch on it also.

This place also has Brunch and is BYO. What a steal Philly! Hell yeah!
5 stars. This is a great moderately priced Greek place near Rittenhouse. Greek nachos, gyro platter, waffle fries were all delicious. Better than any other gyro place you will find near Rittenhouse or center city. I will definitely be back.
Stumbled across this place when craving Greek and my usual place was closed. Agree with all the previous comments - food is refreshingly authentic but can be salty. The vegetables are absolutely terrible! Ordered them twice just to make sure I didn't get the one time, sad tasteless batch. Turns out they're all like that. For the platters that come with two sides you're only left with all carbs. Fix that problem and I'd happily give 5 stars (and order more often).
I found this place with my friend when looking for a Mediterranean restaurant. I ordered the pork and tzatziki gyro....and was delighted to find waffle fries inside! It is pretty filling and I love thick tzatziki like this. The meat was juicy and flavorful, but maybe slightly burnt. I also liked the hummus but thought even sharing the hummus with a gyro was a bit much for one person. My friend and I were seated by the windows and it was kind of warm out so it was nice to enjoy the natural air. Our server was great and I will probably be back to try out other things on their menu! Surprising that they didn't have a lamb gyro but I'd recommend what I got :)
Tried this place out of convenience (location wise)  and seemingly tasty menu.

Ordered take out with some friends and we all got pork gyros with tzatziki. There were regular fries, not waffle fries inside. The pork was overcooked and almost hard to chew. Slightly disappointed, maybe it was just a rough day.
Moustakis has such great variety and we've never had any complaints as we work our way though the menu. The sandwiches are huge and while we've only had the chicken gyro, lamb gyro, & falafel proteins - they've all been delicious. The spicy feta is my go to - not too spicy but adds good flavor. While we don't order the platters as frequently (sausage link & Greek burger are a fun way to mix it up), they are also delicious and a huge portion as well. Lastly - the waffle fries are AMAZING. They're seasoned and crispy, arriving with that delicious orange tint so you know they've got more than just salt going on. If you're in the area - highly recommend this place!
Just tried the chicken gyro tonight. DELICIOUS! It's on a corner that I hadn't paid much attention to but stumbled upon it and gave it a go. My boyfriend tried the chicken spicy feta gyro and also loved it. Definitely going to become a go to spot. Only request is more tzatziki!
Got the chicken gyro with some white sauce.. also tried the Greek fries - waffles fries with feta cheese.. loved them! I really like the food here and can keep going back.. for two platters, two gyros, fries, and a drink paid $55.
Went here for lunch with colleagues. On the servers recommendation, I got the chicken gyro instead of the chicken souvlaki. It came with a honey mustard type of sauce, which I really liked.. and the fries in the sandwich were an added touch! Overall, the sandwich was barely enough for me (and I have a small appetite) for $8.63. I wish it was little bigger or was little less pricey. I'd definitely go back though!!
Authentic Greek gyro place. Very informal. Had the pork gyro platter which came with 2 sides of which I chose waffle fries and grilled veggies. Enjoyed the food and service. Staff was Greek save the counter help   Nothing fancy, just a good meal that was a step above fast food.
