What in the world. Irish pub that serves bomb ass Italian food cooked by a mystery dude in the basement? Cash only? It only gets better.

There is something about an old looking but charming neighborhood pub that serves your usual drinks. You know, the kind that has a familiar stickiness to it?

I don't know who came up with this concept and combo but I am not doubting its genius. It is a bit confusing upon entering cuz the drinking area is separate from the eating area. Also you cannot be seated for food until your whole crew comes. I recommend coming earlier so you don't have to deal with crowds.

We started with the fried mozzarella, so yummy and comforting.
My favorite is the lobster ravioli --- the sauce is soo good we had to dip our bread in it. The mussels were delicious and surprising - I highly recommend. The tagliatelle carbonara was way too peppery for my taste but I love pasta, so I still finished it anyway. All of which is at a realistic price. I don't know how one guy makes all of this food. But I'm not complaining! I can't wait to go again. You just can't find a joint like this.
Just gotta give a shout-out to Murph's for remaining one of the best spots in the city to get large portions of fantastic, down-home Italian for a fraction of the cost of other places.

They're offering outdoor seating and pick-up during these troubling times, and since we wanted to eat our way through several apps, entrees, and dessert, we figured outdoor dining was the best bet, since most pastas just don't hold up in Tupperware.  What a nice night we had.

I was worried going at peak 6-7:00 dinner rush that we wouldn't get a seat but THANKFULLY, they had their back area open, which when we were seated, we were the only ones back there which was awesome.  Would've been nice to sit out front in the new street deck they built to people-watch the hubbub that is Girard Ave., but we were starving and took the first table we could.  The back ended up being the better choice, since it was actually pretty romantic, in the shade, and breezy.  Super comfortable and distanced (only one other couple came when we ate and they were easily 6 feet or more away from us, plus the large industrial fan kept air flow circulating.)

Servers were on point and efficient and food came out FAST.  We got:

-Apps: Bacon-wrapped filet medallions / fried burrata in marinara
-Entrees: Lasagna bolognese / gnocchi in pesto sauce / bread basket
-Dessert: Lemon mascarpone cake / chocolate & hazelnut semifreddo

OMG everything was FANTASTIC (just as I remembered from my last visit).  I'd argue it was BETTER this time.  Portions were insanely huge (my BF's lasagna came in a piping, bubbling hot crock fresh out of the oven and easily could have fed 3 people) and my gnocchi, had I not been so ravenous, could have been bagged for lunch and dinner the next day.  Apps were also amazing, and that lemon mascarpone cake (even though I could barely fit it), was the thing of DREAMS.

Will 100% be back, especially if we could get that secluded seat again.

Reminders: CASH ONLY, wear your masks until you're eating/drinking, and TIP heavily!  The servers are awesome and putting a lot at risk to serve food to you, so over-tip if you can!
What's the only thing that will have Philadelphians pour onto Broad Street from South Street to Temple, as well as the intersection at Frankford and Cottman in, perhaps drunken, unison?  I'm afraid it's not an election of our nation's president, at least not to the same magnitude.  No, I must say this can only happen if at least one of the major four have made it through.  There's no act or event in existence that can rival the passion Philly has for their sports teams.  Not even Bono on a parade float, rolling down Broad Street, and wanking off with a microphone can illicit the same response as a championship.  So then, Murph's serves as a sports oasis in the gentrified corridor of Frankford ave at Girard.

The beer list is smaller than its adversary across the street, but it is more reasonably priced and much more interesting.  Two trips yielded two incredible IPAs, Titan from Great Divide and Bengali Tiger from Sixpoint.  Murph's has $2 PBR on all the time, which strikes me as ass-backwards, judging from the clientele that visits either place.  Add that a no-frills bar menu, the right sort of menu for watching a man out-muscle another man.

You could pay to see someone, who maybe looks like Bono, wank off with a microphone and pretend to care.  I, on the other hand, would rather watch a man's face get smashed in, pay less to see it, and be among people who do actually care.
Stop reading reviews and go eat at Murph's. 

Still here? Well, I guess I'll give you my two cents, then. I don't know how anyone can give this place anything but 5 stars. Murph's is one of a kind, and it does what it does perfectly. It's a relaxed neighborhood bar, staffed by neighborhood people, and an authentic Italian chef who creates some of the best Italian food on the planet. Trust me, I've eaten so much Italian food. It's a problem, actually.

You won't find a better meal, at a better price in the city. I have read a few of the negative reviews, and I just can't get with them. Customer service issues? Never in my million, bazillion visits to Murph's have I experienced bad service. They get super busy in there, sure. It can be loud sometimes, sure. It's a flippin' neighborhood bar, not the GD Ritz! If the soup Nazi was running this place, if I had to wash my own dishes after, if I had to catch my food mid-air with my mouth, I would still be eating at this Murph's! (A side note about people who have ONE bad experience and feel the need to write a negative review for a business - someone's life work, the result of their dream, blood, sweat, and tears - all because it wasn't what you expected. Seek help.)

Furthermore, about Murph's, get the pear and cheese fiocchi if it's still on the revolving menu. My boyfriend and I usually split it as an appetizer (it's an entree), and then get two other pasta dishes for our meal, so we can consume as many dishes as possible in one sitting. It's all made fresh, it's all perfectly balanced, portions are just right and the prices cannot be beat. So far, after every meal we have been treated to a delicious limoncello, homemade by the chef's wife. It's outstanding, and just a nice touch, adding to the, "You're home. You belong here," feeling of the place.

I'm going to leave it at that for now, because I'm getting way too hungry writing this. it's a good thing I have plans to have dinner at Murph's tomorrow night.
Let me tell you. Murph's just became my new favorite Philly eatery. Hands down, the best ITALIAN food I've had since I moved here.

You heard that right. Italian food at a hole-in-the-wall Irish Pub. Don't be fooled, your taste buds will thank you. 

I came here with a group of girlfriends. We called ahead, and they advised us to get there early, around 5pm, for dinner. This is the downside of Murph's. It's small, and there's maybe one table in the whole place that can seat more than 4 people comfortably. 

Since our group had 7 people, our waitress informed us that we'd be served family style - double the portion, double the price - so everyone could have a taste. That didn't stop us from going hog. We ordered the Black Truffle Tagliolini, Cheese and Spinach Ravioli, Pear and Honey Fiocchi, and Stuffed Gnocchi, with Fried Buratta and Arancini for our starters. 

Oh. My. God. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. It was so, so, so out of this world. I can't even describe to you how delicious every single item tasted. The flavors and smells of the Black Truffle, the creamy sweet and savory combination of the pear and honey Fiocchi, the enormity of the Arancini balls and Fried Buratta. I mean, there was not a single thing we ordered that I would not order again. Let me tell you, too. Now that I know the amazing variety and flavor available, the family style is the WAY to go! It was the perfect amount of food for the 7 of us, and I loved being able to try a bunch of different items. We had only a little bit of food leftover; I was pretty impressed with how much we managed to eat. I would be hard pressed to pick the dish I liked best. 

Murph's is good for more than a drink and a laugh - The food is outrageous.
My daughter is the best, she chose Murph's bar for our dinner location because of its easy walking distance to Weckerly's Ice Cream. She also thought the pictures of the food, the Yelp reviews and the atmosphere would be fun and interesting. That was enough to convince me. We were able to find street parking fairly close on Girard, basically across the street from Sketch Burger. 

Some review Murph's as a dive bar. Maybe things have changed a little since my time before marriage, but I would not classify Murph's as a dive bar. It is a little dark inside and had some Elvis kitsch and eclectic decorations, but it felt clean and warm.  The dive bars of my younger days were places I would only drink beer from bottles, avoided any eye contact with regulars, tried not to use the bathroom and would never order food. Murph's was none of that.

Being the Saturday before Valentines Day the small dining area in the back was crowded with over a one-hour wait for a table. This was around 6:00 PM. We grabbed a two-seat bar table by the door and took in the diverse but friendly patrons. After a short wait our server/bartender gave us menus and took our drink orders. Murph's has a very good selection of beers for a smaller bar and the pricing was pretty fair also.

As others before me have written, it is surprising that an Irish bar serves excellent Italian food, but Murph's really does. We started with the meatballs and they were flavorful with a great tasting homemade sauce and a Ricotta cheese scoop. I had the tortellini with roast beef and a spicy tomato sauce. That was also delicious and contained just enough heat. The dish was not overly heavy either. My daughter had the Murph's pasta in a beer, cheese and cream sauce with bacon. It is hard to go wrong with these ingredients but the dish had refined feel also. It was excellent.

Our service was great all night. We had some interesting banter about music and Rose bushes with some of the regulars.  Prices for food were reasonable also. One weird side note is Murphs accepts credit cards for drinks but cash only for food. They will gladly spit the bill with the card and cash but be prepared.

Murph's was a fun time with surprisingly good Italian food. 4.5 Yelp stars.
Cheap beer? Cheap food? Nice staff? Murph's is really as good as it gets. Its a nice little local bar with local people who still welcome outsiders. The beer selection is always changing and despite the area, the prices are very decent. The staff are extremely friendly and welcome everyone. Having a knowledge of the beer  in store is always very helpful. Not sure what you might like? Just ask, and the bartenders are quick to help you find a beer for you.
Live music with no cover is a added bonus. Live bands can normally be seen on Friday and Saturday nights.
What a crappy place with ignorant staff. You walk in and you can tell how dirty everything is. You can smell the old beer and feel the sticky floors. I asked to speak to a manager except there wasn't anyone of authority working at 530pm to even address some.of the issues. I don't know what people are thinking here of some of the great reviews bc the kitchen is in the basement and I wasn't allowed down to check it out. I'm sure it's as filthy as the rest of the place and with so many amazing bars and restaurants I would sure never step.foot back in here again.
I've heard so many nice things about Murphs from many locals, so I decided to check it out myself. 
I actually had a very lovely experience here. Friendly staff and a very comfortable atmosphere. I like the eclectic decor and the bar which is adorned with pennies under shellac/varnish. 
Very nice Irish bar! Many specials. They also have a decent happy hour (good deals on draught beers). 
One of the highlights of Murph's is the Italian food served here. The Italian chef is here each day except Tuesday, I believe. Great menu. All the pastas are made in-house. It was very hard to decide, but I went with the Bolognese.  Absolutely delicious! It's been a while since I had a good Bolognese. Perfectly made and very generous portions size. I usually do not order desert, but I went with the tiramisu. It was also delicious! 
Both food and drinks are reasonably priced. I felt the food was worth a lot more than I paid due to the quality, variety and taste. 
I will now add Murph's to my local bar/dining rotations. 
Give Murph's a try, you won't be disappointed!
Just a heads up to anyone who's lactose intolerant: anything that involves the word cream or a kind of cheese means there's milk in it. Ice cream? It's got milk in it. Parmesan sauce has Parmesan cheese in it which is made with milk. Chefs then add more milk to said cheese to make the sauce for your dish. 

Also, if you like your eggplant parm crunchy, please keep in mind that some Italian chefs don't bread the eggplant like American-Italian joints have conditioned you to believe. "But that's how it was at Olive Garden!" Then, you shoulda gone to Olive Garden, kid. 

If the above two items were obvious to you, my fellow Yelper, then please forgive the delay in my praise for Murph's.

Francesco not only makes amazing food but the few times I've gone, he has always come out and talked to his patrons to see if they were happy with their food. He's a lovely person and a stellar chef.

The fresh baked sesame seed crusted bread usually comes out with olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt and black pepper for you to make your own dipping oil. If they forget to bring it to you, just ask your server for it. They're people - we all forget things sometimes.

I have yet to order anything besides the Lobster Ravioli with Shrimp in what I call Bisque Sauce because if they served it in a bowl I could devour just that! It tastes SO much like lobster bisque, so bravo on your sauce game, Francesco! Also, I'm fairly certain the shrimp are grilled as they're perfectly plump and bursting with flavor every time I order it. The raviolis are made from scratch and the chunks of lobster inside are delicious. I just finished a plate and would love another one!

Service has always been pretty consistent there whether or not it's busy: servers are attentive and patient. Just remember that it's a local dive with an outta this world chef so you can't really complain about a lack of a beer selection while you have Bottle Bar East and Johnny Brenda's 600 feet away. Come for the food!

Thank you Francesco for gracing Philadelphia with your presence  stay awesome!!!
The bar is covered with laquered pennies... as in COMPLETELY covered... and my orange vodka and sprite was $3.00. What took me so long to find this place?!
Monday, February 10th, 2020. 7pm

Hostess refused to honor a dinner reservation we made a week prior. She was also very rude and short with us.
The first thing you should know about me is that I love penny bars and bottle cap art, dim wooden interiors and interesting ceilings. Murph's has *everything!*

and i mean everything-- from groups of older, clearly just finished work drinking men belting out hits ranging from Ophelia to Buttercup, to a back "patio" on which you can smoke and to which you can bring your beer, great deals on ok bar food (like $1 tacos!!!!), cheap drinks and know-their-stuff friendly-enough bartenders. 

I don't get out to Fishtown often, but Murph's will definitely be a spot I will make sure to hang out at when I go...
Everything was great until the end!! My boyfriend and I went for dinner, ordered two apps, two entrees, two desserts and roughly 6 drinks. The food was amazing and so was the service until the end. Right after we paid our bill, we both had half full drinks and our waitress came up to us and awkwardly/rudely told us we needed to get up because there was people waiting for our table!!! It was maybe less than 5 minutes after we paid and we're finishing our drinks!! We ordered a lot, gave a great tip and being asked to leave ruined our experience. It would have been understandable if we were sitting there without drinks but the fact that we still had drinks and were paying customers is crazy!!!
I really can't believe I'm saying this, but the food at Murph's Bar is amazing - really!

Francesco's traditional Italian meals are all deliciously made from scratch and very reasonably priced.  It's also hilarious to see the bartenders good-naturedly try to pronounce the names of the dishes.

Murph's itself is a regular hole in the wall neighborhood bar, friendly but not too friendly service and patrons.  The food seals the deal.
If I could write Murph's a million 5-star reviews, I would. I've said it once and I'll say it again - Murph's is the best Italian food in Philadelphia. Came during covid for outdoor dining - they have a cute little tent out front that is open on multiple sides (not one of those unsafe outdoor-indoor structures) and heat lamps to keep you warm.

We started with mussels au gratin and fried mozzarella (they were sadly out of fried burrata). The mussels were a surprisingly large portion, and the fried mozz was clearly fresh/better quality than what you normally think of when you order this app.

For the main course, we ordered a rack of lamb and tagliatelle with filet to share. Both were insanely delicious. If you like lamb, definitely try theirs - it's only $25 for a full rack and side of pasta. We easily had two extra meals of leftovers to take home.

The mains were a little delayed to come out, so Murph's kindly gave us dessert on the house - we had the creme brulee cheesecake and lemon marcapone cake. You can't go wrong with either.

While waiting for a table, I had a Morrison Mule and Bourbon Spritz. I would... you guessed it - recommend both. Not sure if they're still doing this, but they gave me the drink in a plastic cup so I could wait outside with it!

They're also doing takeout during the pandemic, so definitely make sure to take advantage of it while you can!! They're cash only but their prices are so affordable. If you want to see their latest menu and specials, make sure to check out their instagram!
Overly described by prior reviews... this place is a local dive bar.  The tables are small and very close together.

The menu is VERY limited - one side of a laminated card.  Sandwiches and pasta.  The front 2/3 of the place is a rather long and narrow bar with stools at the bar and cafe tables along the wall.

We were disappointed that the previous reviews were not accurate.

No public WIFI.

Ended up at Dave & Busters - huge TV's and an even larger menu!
Murph's, please do better. I'm not sure what they were expecting when they started turning out some of the best Italian food in Philly, but every time we go they seem baffled and overwhelmed by the crowds it draws. There's no real system for waiting for a table, and a Karen had a real meltdown when someone off the street swooped in and sat at the table she was waiting for. While it's always hilarious to see a Karen doing what they do, I can understand the frustration. The overworked and barely interested bartenders shouldn't have to keep track of the tables as well, and they aren't very good at it anyway. 
Table service didn't get much better. The one little miserable waitress they had wasn't sufficient for the crowd. Our appetizer came out way after our meals, and the wait between drinks was inordinate. A bitch didn't even stay for dessert, so you know it was bad!
Also. Murph's is lacking in continuity. Some days they are only takeout, other days (yesterday) they aren't doing takeout. Some days is reservation only. Other days no reservations. Great food isn't enough, there needs to be follow through with decent service and systems in place. Until then, or until they do takeout again whichever comes first, I can't see myself enduring that anxiety inducing experience again.
I went in with a couple of friends after an even at La Colombe. We were told there was a 45 minute wait for a table, so we ordered drinks. One of the wines had turned, and the bartender wouldn't replace it. We could see empty tables which could have been pulled and grouped for us, but the hostess said she couldn't do that because of the exit. Eventually, we were seated at the bar. We had to ask for our bread and create our own olive oil dipping plate. A bunch of young white kids came in, and the tables were moved for them. I have never been so embarrassed. I invited my friends to Fishtown and recommended Murph's. Our service was totally shoddy. The only reason I'm giving any stars is that I've had two prior pleasant experiences.
My husband and I just had the weirdest experience here. We decided to come here to get dinner because we heard the food was great. We got drinks at the bar and ordered our food, I ordered the Murph's Pasta which has two options, spicy or not spicy. I'm really sensitive to spicy food so I emphasized not spicy to the waitress. When our food came out I took one bite and it was spicy. I even had my husband taste it to make sure. He is someone who puts hot sauce on everything and he agreed, definitely spicy. I apologetically told the bartender I'm sorry but I can't eat it. She talked to the other bartender and they went and looked at the computer, I assume to make sure she wrote *not spicy* under the instructions to the chef. I heard them say that she had in fact specified *not spicy*. So, she took it back to the kitchen and when she came out she said she would take it off the bill but the chef will not make you anything else.

I was totally floored. So the chef messes up an order and then refuses to cook a customer anything else??? I have worked as a waitress/bartender for years in Philadelphia. I've sent food back maybe one other time in my life. I am always kind and sympathize with people in the industry because I know it's a tough job and that people can be real jerks. I couldn't even share what my husband had ordered because he got the hot wings so I ended up just sitting there. Our waitress clearly felt really bad and apologized, she even offered to buy me a drink which was really nice of her. 

It's too bad because we live a few blocks away and go out to eat in the neighborhood all the time. When we were sitting waiting for our food I remarked how it was really nice here and we should definitely come back. After this bizarre experience with their chef we will never be returning here.
I really enjoyed this dive.  Not a dive in the sense of being run down and gross, but laid back.  The type of place where it seems like most people are just walking to the bar from the surrounding neighborhood.  

Kitchy furnishings, a nice mix of people, friendly bartenders, and two really drunk girls trying to find their jackets.  There was a sort of "live and let live" vibe to the patrons in the bar.  

It was a generally good time.  This will be added to my list of places to stop in when I'm in Fishtown.
This place is fantastic. It's a divey-type bar with great Italian food - amazing! The food was fantastic, and the prices were even better. Drinks were good too. I had two glasses of the Merlot - $5 each and good pours. For dinner, I had Murph's Pasta which was excellent, and I even had enough to take it home. My partner has the pumpkin gnocchi (it was a special) which was also excellent. Dessert included a chocolate souffle (yum) and a cannoli (I don't like cannolis, but my partner liked it!). Definitely check this place out if you're in the neighborhood; if not, it's just a quick walk from Girard Station on the Market-Frankford Line.
I want to give this place 5 stars for both the quality of food and the concept.  An old Irish dive bar that serves bomb Italian food. I came here on Saturday night for dinner at around 7:45 and we were able to get a table in the bar area right away.  It's a really small place and very much a dive bar - dark and a little dingy (but has character), and cash only. No website or posted menu online. The bartender came right up to greet us and he was super friendly and helpful.  He gave us a lot of recommendations which all turned out to be phenomenal.  

For the appetizer, he recommended we try the fried burrata, but unfortunately, when he went to put in the order they were out.  I was very disappointed so I definitely have to come back to try it!  Instead, we got the fried mozzarella.  Also very delicious.  The cheese was incredibly fresh.  For my entree, I tried the veal tortellacci with walnuts and truffle oil over capocollo.  Wow wow wow.  This was awesome.  My only complaint was that I wanted more!  It was so creamy and delicious.  I've never tasted anything like it and I'm glad I took the risk.  For the dessert, we got the two mini cannolis.  These were also delicious - very sweet and rich.  

The the quality of food and price ($5 beer, $14 main entree, etc) you really can't go wrong here.  If you're looking for a casual night out with high quality food, I highly recommend.  Can't get much better.  Can't wait to come back!!
Who would've thought that a divey Irish Pub would serve such great Italian pasta dishes!? My friends in Philly took me to this little covert spot of culinary perfection because they know I'm a big foodie. 

As I walked in the interior had me thinking that they just served beer and standard bar food, but never judge a book by it's cover. After looking over the menu, my friends and I ordered the Lobster Ravioli with Cream Sauce, the Veal Tortellacci with Walnuts and Truffle Oil over Capocollo, and the Pear and Cheese Fiocchi with Parmigigiano Cream and Honey to share for the table.  Everything was divine. So good I was sopping up each sauce with their delcious fresh baked bread. They also have a fabulous wine selection, and offer pairings for each of their dishes. 

I must say Murph's is one of Philadelphia's best kept secrets.
Three and a half stars. You had me at "hockey bar" but lost me at "Flyers." Totally bizarre for me to be drinking in enemy territory, but a good time was had... even on a non-Quizzo night. Attentive service for everyone while we chatted up our fellow barmates. Our bartender recommended the Washington Apple shots, which were not too sweet and an alright break from our beers. Extra kudos to her for trying to be my buddy's wingman after she misread the situation.

Bartender: "So what brings you into town?"
Me, turning to pat my friend on back: "It's my buddy's birthday this week."
Bartender: "Ohhhh." And unbeknownst to me, shoves her finger into her other hand's thumb/index ring in the international sign of getting it on.
Friend, shaking his head in response to her: "No, no."
Me, slightly annoyed and still looking at my friend: "Uh, yes... that's why I came up here!"
Bartender, winking: "Better let her have what she wants!"
Me: "Haha! Wait, what?"
Friend: "Oh god, I'll explain later..."

Yeah, I see myself being a regular here if I lived nearby, even with last decade's buttrock constantly cycling through the jukebox. Laid back and friendly atmosphere, and much less crowded than Johnny Brenda's.
I'm confused...how does an Irish bar have some of the best Italian food in the city? I'm not sure, but it is true. The food at Murph's is amazing. I had to go back twice in two weeks just to confirm my findings. 
Appetizers of note-mussels au gratin. I have never had mussels prepared this way but they were fabulous. The zucchini flowers were good as well since the ricotta the chef uses is the best, but they could use some gravy on the side. 
My favorite dish that I have tried is the gnocchi. There is a mountain of delicious cheese on top that really takes the gnocchi to the next level. I tried my dining companion's seafood manicotti which was great as well. 
My only issue with this establishment has to do with the drinks. The first time I went there I ordered the pink squirrel drink, which was supposed to be vodka, lemonade, and grenadine. It was shaken with ice and served straight up in a martini glass. The second time I ordered it, however, they must have ran out of lemonade and thought sprite would be an acceptable substitute. It wasn't. It was served with a ton of ice and basically tasted like a drink you'd get at a firehall wedding. Just tell me you ran out of lemonade and let me make an educated decision. 
Anyway, in the grand scheme of things it wasn't a big deal and I'll definitely be back! Probably some time this week.
You wouldn't think to go to an Irish bar to find some of the best Italian food in philly. But this is f*shtown so expect the unexpected. 

We arrived around 6 and there was already a massive wait. Fortunately most people on the waiting list gave up and left so the two of us only needed to wait about 20 mins to get seated. It took another 20 mins to put our order in and then another 20 for the food to come out so needless to say I was very hungry. 

Alas the juice was worth the 60 minute squeeze. The baked eggplant was delicious. I'm a huge eggplant parm fan but this dish hit the spot. 

The seafood manicotti is chock full of seafood. There are entire clumps of crab scatter throughout in the sauce. 

The waitress sweet talked us into dessert. Cannolis are two per order which is perfect for a couple. 

Cash only so def tap mac before you make your way over. 

I'd defo dine here again but next time I'll probably stop in by 5P to beat the rush.
You hear Murph's Bar, and you think, "Irish pub?" Perhaps it's English...bangers and mash? Fish and chips? 

Nah.

This jawn is straight Italian food.

And it's really, truly something special. Tucked away in an unassuming little storefront in Fishtown, you would never know what the food was like just walking by. Luckily, it had been recommended by a friend that lives in the neighborhood, and now we too know the secret of Murph's Bar.

We got some incredible arancini, then as entrees, a crab ragu and a bolognese that was such authentic Italian grandma comfort food that it made me feel like I was going to dream sweet, meaty dreams all night. I had a white wine, my dining companion had 2 craft beers and we got dessert...not one, but two. The bill came at the end and my belly and checking account waltzed together all the way home to my bed to dream of bolognese. 

I would also be remiss to not shout out the staff here - they're top notch, an excellent crew, and make the dining experience feel like you're with family, even if they just met you.

Thanks Murph's! We'll be back.
I've always appreciated Murph's as a long time establishment - no frills - in Fishtown.  But, last time I was there I was ALMOST served by the blond bartender.  She was slow - beyond measure -, then approached me with an altitude.  When I tried to explain that I was a little annoyed by not even being recognized by her for 10 MINUTES, she told me that "since your so unhappy ... I'm not going to wait on you at all" .... great business?

Will never go back there due to one person!
2nd time at murph's and even better than my first!

now that more people know about murph's most likely you won't get a table right when you get there on a weekend so expect to wait 20-30 minutes. we just hopped over to garage and grabbed a drink and came back 

SMOKED MOZZ - must get. so delicious and that cheese pulllllllllll is epic

we went big and got 4 pastas to share
LOBSTER RAVIOLI - still my #1. great flavors and that lobster is chefs kiss

PORK CHEEK - still salty but my husband loves it still. the pasta is cooked perfectly

TRUFFLE PASTA - creamy. the pasta is kind of stuck together but still good flavors

PEAR PASTA - this is unique and delicious. definitely on the sweet side but so tasty

service was great, CASH only and amazing prices. NEVER CHANGE MURPH'S NEVER CHANGE xoxo
I will first agree with some of the above notes that the customer service was not very "warm". Hostess was very short with me and my family. It seems as though there are many "rules" and nothing on the menu can be altered, many items were unavailable when we went for dinner and then after 6pm the "fried menu" isn't allowed to be ordered on..only the dinner menu. 

Dinner was good, but I will say the service placed a dark cloud over everything. Just thought it was a little strange and felt uncomfortable. We live in Fishtown and will not be returning.
Great prices, great italian food. Definitely recommend if you're in the Fishtown area.

The place isn't that big so definitely call ahead if you're planning on dining in with more than 2 people. My boyfriend and I got a high top and got some wine, ready for that Italian gravy.

We got the meats and cheeses sampler which was delicious; the mozzarella was so soft and they didn't skimp out on any of the meat.
We got the pork cheek pasta and lobster ravioli w/ shrimp to share and it was the perfect amount of food. The pork cheek pasta sauce was a bit too salty for me but the lobster ravioli was to die for. The leftover creamy sauce was perfect for me to soak up with their bread (which is so good!). 

Service was a bit slow but mainly because it was pretty busy. I would definitely come here again and try more of their dishes, wish there were more dishes to choose from though!
Been really eager to try this place and was not disappointed. Went in early on a Sunday evening and snagged the last table. We were thirsty and it was hot in there, so we chose an ice cold bottle of wine (for only $30). There were more expensive bottles on the wine list but prices overall were pretty reasonable.

We decided we wanted to try as many dishes as our stomachs could handle, so we started with the deep fried burrata and ordered 3 entrees to share: lobster ravioli with shrimp, tagliolini with black truffle, and seafood manicotti with a crab tomato cream sauce. Each dish was better than the next. Would highly recommend all.

The food 100% gives this spot 5 stars and I wouldn't feel right giving it less. There were, however, a couple weird things I didn't love: the space was WARM... I understand it's uncharacteristically hot outside, but they are in desperate need of some AC or more powerful fans! I'm not sure if it was the heat or what, but service was kind of rude... when plates were dropped at our table, one of the servers (not ours) just kind of threw them there, even though they were meant for the party next to us (we were two parties at one long table). When we tried to explain, she looked at us like we were annoying her and either left the food anyway or unhappily picked it up and brought it to the right group. I also needed to order a to-go dish for my boyfriend, but our server informed us that they don't do to-go orders (weird? - not like it was a call in order - I was already there dining and spending money). She was kind enough to bring out the plated item with a to-go box on the side. Lucky for me, I felt less guilty snagging a bite since I had to pack it away myself. It was mozzarella stuffed gnocchi and it was delicious. These things are definitely not dealbreakers and didn't ruin the dining experience, but just something to note if you're looking to dine here.

For four entrees, an appetizer, and bottle of wine, the bill was just over $100. Wish I could order takeout here but will definitely be back to dine in regardless.
Murph's falls on the more traditional end of the Fishtown spectrum. I wouldn't call it a dive bar, but rather a good representation of a neighborhood bar, though it is near the entertainment district of Frankford Ave. It's actually quite nice having it as an alternative to some of the other establishments in the area. No nonsense and local brews at a damn fair price. While few would ever consider Irish pub fare to be culinary masterpieces, the food is delightfully and surprisingly enjoyable and satisfying. The only way you could grab a drink with less pretense and in a more relaxing environment  is in your own living room. 

I'm writing this because they deserve it, however, I'm hesitant because I don't want this place to be ruined! So behave ;-)
wow - not sure what took me so long to get here either!  great comfy little bar, cheap drinks, cute little cozy place.  the penny bar is pretty!  hot as hell in there and awkward setup to see bands and let patrons use the restroom (i found myself constantly scootching over and holding the door open for the gentlemen)  :)

i got way more wasted than usual, which is an earmark of me having a really great time.  i dug the bar and really dug the band, so drank faster and stayed longer than usual.  yay for friends taking care of me and next-day hangovers!!  :)  thanks murph's.
Finally got around to coming here for dinner the other night. I think it was like a Wednesday and it was packed and there aren't that many tables. So just know you may be waiting for a while if you have more than 2 people. For two, you could hunt for some bar seats as people are finishing eating.

My group tried the arancini, seafood manicotti, the bolognese, and the pear and cheese fiocchi. The seafood manicotti is a MUST get and was easily my favorite dish out of the bunch. Very flavorful and decadent. The bolognese was good but was my least favorite just because it wasn't too different from what I've had before elsewhere. The pear and cheese fiocchi I have never seen or had before and I thought this was such an interesting dish. I'm glad I shared it because I don't think I could eat the whole thing by myself but I definitely suggest for people to try it if you haven't had it before.

Overall was very impressed with the food here. The space is just a bit small so expect to wait during dinner time. Portions wise, the entrees are good for one person and most likely you won't have leftovers, not too much and not too little.
Food is great, service not so much. My boyfriend and I waited for an hour and a half to be seated, which was no biggie, because we really wanted to try the food. Once we finally got seated and ordered, our food was served pretty quickly. Server seemed to rush us into ordering, also tried to order more food and it was "sold out". She didn't ask if we needed anything else so we asked for the bill, once we had payed our bill we realized we didn't order dessert as we had planned. We asked if we could order dessert and she rudely said she couldn't because people were waiting to be seated. Really? I know people are waiting to be seated, we waited ourselves for an hour and a half, and we only were sitting at the table for maybe 25 mins. 

The way she handled the situation was rude and unprofessional. I know there's a lot of people waiting but we are STILL seated and eating dessert wouldn't have taken too long. At least offer to make it to go.

 I hope they handle these situations better in the future, because an experience like that really can ruin someone's night, and that's a shame.
SURPRISE!!

That's exactly what I felt with a restaurant that has an Irish name with an Italian cuisine focus.

Traditional italian dishes (pulled braciole on pasta was my favorite,) but literally everything served here is slamming!

Big menu - lots of pasta options.

They do not take reservations (pre-covid) and it is cash only.
COVID-19's required all of us to become very creative in enjoying some of our favorite cuisines. While in Philadelphia for the day with the family, we figured it would be cool to try Murph's for some dope Italian food. 

With the outdoor dining humming and buzzing, we figured it would be best to order takeout. Magically enough, it only took about 35 mins for our food to be ready - this is at 6:30pm too - which is a huge plus.

In typical family fashion, we ordered a bunch of everything: Bread, Burrata, Black Truffle Pasta, Eggplant Meatballs, & Burrata. Ate a sampler of everything family style. Literally everything was awesome. The only regret was probably not ordering any dessert.

The intrigue of this place is that the menu can change depending on what's available... so there's no guarantee someone else will have what I'm having on a given day.

Additionally, this is a bar that serves Italian food. Due to COVID, I can't experience the "bar" aspect until maybe next year. I'll have to remember that for next time.
I've been drinking at Murph's for over 10 years.  Last night was the 1st time I ate here.   Holy shit!  They have an authentic Italian menu, where the fuck did that come from?  But don't question it, just give it a shot.  

We had a group of about 10, so we had a large table and the chef prepared everything family style for us. We had meatball, fried meatballs and fried mozzarella.  Fried meatballs and mozzarella were so excellent.  Like next level Mozz sticks!  
We then had pappardelle bolognese. Fresh pasta with succulent with basil overtones in the sauce.  Fantastic.  The best lobster ravioli I ever had, straight up.  Gnocchi, people loved it, not my thing.  We also had a pear and honey pasta contraption, it was excellent.  

They really went out of their way to take care of us and feel welcome.  It's dirt cheap for the quality, nice portions and NO HIPSTER PRETENTIOUSNESS.
I had been really looking forward to trying this place after hearing the hype. The pastas were amazing. However, I would recommend cream sauces. I was feeling like I wanted to try as much as humanly possible so I tried the veal tortellaci in an alfredo type sauce with walnuts and truffle oil and the papardelle bolognese in marinara. My friend got the Murph's pasta which was in a rosé. I have to say, the marinara sauce was mediocre at best, but the pappardelle was excellent. So, I would strongly recommend steering away from anything that has a plain marinara. However, I would suggest trying the veal tortellaci and the Murph's pasta. Also, the arancini was an excellent starter. The service is no frills which is totally cool with me. All in all, it was a very good spot that I would definitely revisit. 

Important note: if you're going in to eat, it's cash only.
I ordered the lobster ravioli with shrimp and it was delicious. I could tell with the first bite that the pasta is freshly made in house. The bread is fresh and seemed as though it had been baked that morning. The calamari was good, but the sauce was bland.

I ordered a dry Italian white wine that was fantastic, I forgot the name of it but will update when I find out. I'm also impressed with their selection of cider! They serve Magner's, Woodchuck and Crispin. As you can see, I'm a fan of wines and ciders.

I had the pleasure of briefly meeting Francesco, the chef, as he comes out to ask patrons if they are enjoying their meal. I was able to practice my intermediate level Italian language speaking skills with him.

The dessert selection looks wonderful but I had no room in any of my vast collection of bellies to accommodate such excellence. Next time I'll skip the appetizer to leave room for dessert.
Someone who hails from Philly told me to visit Beddia for great pizza when I headed up from a business trip to DC. But when my friend and I got there on a Friday afternoon, it still had three hours 'til it opened. We were scratching our heads about where to dine (she lives in a suburb and isn't familiar w the eateries there and I live in Calif), a nice local guy asked if we needed help. When we told him we were in the mood for Italian, he pointed us across the street and a little down to Murph's bar.

"Wha?" I thought (aloud, I think...)

"They've got a great Italian chef there. His name is Francesco. You'll love the food. If you go, tell him Kevin says hi."

So we walked over, still wondering how an Irish pub comes to have an Italian chef, and enter what by all appearances is indeed an Irish pub, with dark walls, and happy customers drinking brew and watching the ballgame. We asked if the bartender if they really have Italian food, and she confirmed this, so we went to the small back dining room, which looked like a better place to eat an Italian meal than bellying up to the bar. Within a couple of minutes, who should greet us with a beaming smile but Francesco himself. He was warm, gracious, and fun as we spoke with him about Kevin, our trip, and the menu, and I attempted to speak Italian. My friend got a special -- lobster ravioli with other shellfish and thingies I can't eat bc I'm allergic; he threw in some shrimp for good measure -- and I got chicken parmesan. 

We ordered wine and when the food came we were both blown away by how fantastic it was and mostly by the homemade pasta! Mine was delectable orrechiette ("little ears") and my friend's ravioli pasta was also homemade. She said her seafood was also delectable. Yum yum yum!! 

What a find this place is! A hidden gem. Next time I'm in Philly I'll be back. Hats off to Francesco, and a big thank-you to Kevin for helping make my reunion with my friend even that much more memorable. Grazie tutti!
If I lived in Philly, Murph's would have a new regular. I like the idea of 'come as you are' with a dive bar feel that still has a sense of caring what the bar looks. In other words, it's not high class here, but it's not a total dump either. My first visit was a month or so ago since I originally went for drinks at Murph's, but I still remember enjoying my time here. I was with a large group and it was a great hideaway from the crowds. The music was fun, drinks were good and there wasn't the high maintenance attitude that you might find elsewhere on a weekend night.
All the other reviews are true - I ate the best ever Italian food in an Irish dive bar and I loved it!!  There is an Italian chef creating the most delicious pasta dishes, desserts, and serving his own limoncello (which was the most amazing limoncello I've ever had).  Went here with my girlfriends for dinner and we all fell in love with this place.   The gnocchi, lobster ravioli, bolognese, burrata - all delicious.  The desserts were all spectacular.   The lemon mascarpone cheesecake was to die for, but so were all the other desserts.  Their drink special with creme de cassis was delicious.  The espresso was perfect.  The service was friendly and efficient.  I love love loved everything about this place - it's a hidden gem that is completely unpretentious in its ways.
Yo this place has some ridiculous pasta. When my friend said we were going to an Irish pub for their Italian food, I was taken aback, but all my initial reservations about that odd combo quickly abated when we got our first appetizer: the fried burrata. Let me just say that grosses me out in general, but this was actually quite delicious. We got a few seafood pastas with similar (but different sauces) and their truffle pasta. I honestly don't go out to Italian food often, but this may change my ways.

We had disjointed service, which was partly due to the fact that we were sharing a large table with a smaller party. However, when a runner/server tried giving us their food, we politely directed her to the other side, and she made it seem like it was our fault and was extremely sour the whole time. Also, they don't do take out, which is honestly their loss bc they could crush it, but when they handed us a dish we tried to order to go on a nice plate and then handed us a to go container immediately after, I was just so confused. It just seems like they're going out of their way to be snobbish about not doing take out, which is stupid if you ask me.
Believe the hype, trust the process, whatever you wanna call it, get your ass over here.  And DEFF come here if you have a specific hankering for a stick-to-your-ribs, Sunday meal at Nonna's house (or an Irish pub).

Pretty tough to snag a table at peak Saturday dinner hours, but my guest and I managed to get a two-top after only a few minutes' wait at the bar.  However, any more than two people and you're gonna have a problem, unless you come on like a Tuesday afternoon or something.  

Either way, gotta love the regular one page menu followed by the MASSIVE specials list that essentially doubles as a second menu.  Not sure what's there and when, but you won't be disappointed with the varied selection.

We ordered:  2 glasses each of the Montepulciano house red, 2 starters (1 caprese salad with burrata and an order of the homemade meatballs), and 2 entrees (the specials of salmon wrapped in zucchini and the bolognese).  All of that, plus tip, came to just shy of $85, which is amazing for what you get and the insane portion sizes.

Caprese was fresh, with an amazing softball sized burrata mound - the free bread basket full of warm bread was nice for dipping.  Meatballs were....unnffffhh (delectable), served grandma style with a heap of homemade gravy and a dollop of fresh ricotta (plus there were FOUR giant meatballs - literally enough for a meal on its own).  By the end of our apps, we were already full.

Entrees were also absolutely massive - my friend's salmon was the biggest whole fish I've seen served at a restaurant in the city in recent past, with impeccable presentation - fresh and bright colors, wrapped in zucchini and covered in some type of almond jawn. My bolognese was everything you'd expect and more - served piping hot in a giant bowl, with perfectly al dente flat noodles (I believe it was tagliatelle) and smothered in wonderful meat sauce.

Our server was super friendly and personable, as was the hostess/server who helped us find and claim seats during peak Preakness viewing hours.  I will 100% return back and try everything on that huge specials list, and maybe make room for dessert sometime.
From the outside looks of this place, I thought I would be giving it a 2 star. But the second you walk in & are welcomed by the staff, you'll understand my rating. Went in here while I was waiting for my pizza across the street to be done. We were just going to get a drink but ended up trying their fried mozzarella. 

Fired mozzarella is a must here - SO DELICIOUS! Good selection of beers, liquor and wine. Definitely recommend popping in here if you're in the area!
To the assuming bystander, Murphs Bar is just an Irish Pub but downstairs in the kitchen is an Italian chef whipping up authentic Italian creations and it is amazing!

This use to be somewhat of a locals secret but has since picked up in popularity, as is deserved. The food is so good and fresh, plenty of options, healthy portions, very reasonably priced and quick ! 

You will have to order your apps and entree all at once because the chef is cooking by himself which makes it all the more impressive that he serves an entire restaurant with the quality he does. 

The service is some of the best. You should call ahead for a reservation if you are a group of 4-6. Not sure about Groups larger than that as this is a small pub style layout. CASH ONLY folks. 

Must try !
An Irish Bar.... that serves bomb ass Italian food? Located right on the corner of Girard Avenue and Shackamaxom Street? Please do tell me more! 

I'm gonna be honest--I've never actually heard of this place until the other day, but boy have I been missing out! I was scrolling through Yelp looking for a place to grab dinner (honestly quarantine has given us so many take out options that I never would've even considered/have been able to order takeout from before) and my friends were like "have you even been to Murph's? We've never been able to get a reservation, but have been ordering takeout every week, this place is legit." OKAY YOU HAD ME SOLD. 

They've been posting their menu on their Instagram and Facebook (I don't think they have a website, if they do it's not listed on their Instagram) and then you give them a ring, no online platform to order through. Also CASH ONLY. 

I got an both app and an entree: the Fried Smoked Mozzarella Sticks and the Seafood Manicotti 

I started off with the Mozz, and those bad boys were MASSIVE. Literally an entire block of Mozz for just one stick (more like a log). I'm not kidding when I say these may have been the best mozzarella sticks of my life, and ya girl has had her fair share of mozzarella sticks. The smoked cheese really made a difference, and there was no air bubble separating the batter from the cheese (I hate when that happens I feel like I'm being skimped when I know it's technically science). Solid cheese the whole way through. I'm drooling just thinking about them. Like, if you're lactose intolerant, this would be one of those times that's your risk it for the biscuit just to to taste these bad boys. Totally worth it, I was blown away. All for $7.50. I thought that was pretty pricey before I got them, but the quality of the cheese used and the large size made them a steeeeaaaaaal. 

For my entree I got the last Seafood Manicotti of the night (if a place only makes a certain number of entrees per night, you know it's legit) which was stuffed with lobster, scallops and shrimp and topped with tomato cream sauce and crabmeat. There was plenty of seafood dually enough for leftovers. The tomato cream sauce was light and flavorful and complimented the dish greatly. Overall very good but not overpowering with the spices, which hit the spot perfectly. 

In the future I'd love to be able to dine in and experience Murph's in its true form.
I saw  an ad for this place on facebook or somewhere and it looked good. The truffle pasta was what lured me in...love truffle pasta. I made a reservation for a Sunday night. We had to eat outside with a tent like covering since Philly was still under dining restrictions. I'm glad I wore my long underwear. They had some heaters attached to the roof  above but you don't really feel it unless you're sitting directly under it. I thought they would have heaters right next to the table. 

My husband had to get the meatballs as the appetizer. They were pretty good, maybe could have used a little more garlic, but decent. I liked that they put a big scoop of ricotta cheese on the side. They gave us bread but no butter. I asked for some but they didn't have any but gave us olive oil. 

We split 3 pastas. 

MURPHS PASTA-  very tasty and different. I was worried it was going to be too spicy but it was very well balanced. I loved the bacon in it gave it great flavor. There was a huge amount of cheese on it, it was a spicy cacioricotta. 

PEAR and CHEESE FIOCCHI- this was probably my favorite pasta. It was sweet and creamy and had honey on it. It tasted kind of like pumpkin or sweet potato pasta that I had before. This is probably best as an appetizer though or splitting it with someone because after awhile it's like a sweetness overload. 

TRUFFLE PASTA- They were pretty generous with the amount of black truffles, I was surprised. It tasted like they probably put some truffle oil in the sauce as well as it had a very strong truffle taste which I liked. However the cream sauce was a bit bland and this pasta was just ok. The sauce definitely could have used more salt or flavor but I still enjoyed it. 

Service wasn't too great though. They don't really come to check on you, just bring your food and the basics. We were both gonna get another drink but our waiter never came back around to ask so we didn't. 

Overall this is a great place to get some homemade pasta in Philly at a great price and big portions. Probably the best value in Philly. Yes there are better Italian restaurants in Philly- but this is probably the best pasta I have had at this price point. Would like to come back if they have some new seasonal pastas later.
It's been said time & time again the food here is AMAZING. The loss of the star comes from service. I sat at the bar, my bartender and server wasn't all that pleasant. She seemed like she did really want to be there and towards the end warmed up a little. She frequently checked on the guests to my left and right but not me. She also didn't give me bread that I saw come with my food, it was left behind the bar & given to a guest that ordered after me when their food came. When I ordered I asked for the app first while I figured out what I wanted for the entree, I was told the chef doesn't like that, I need to order all at once, a bit weird. I also wanted to order food to go, I was told chef doesn't like that, so I had to have it brought out and then packed to go, again a bit weird. The food was indeed phenomenal so I will be back and I just hope to have a better server. Get the lobster ravioli it's one of the best things I've ever eaten. This is a small pub style place with excellent food, very casual and quaint.
Wow !! What a disappointment. We have been living in Fishtown for 8 years . Finally got to check out what everyone is talking about . The amazing Italian food  at Murphs . Well guess what !! NOT IF YOU HAVE A CHILD WITH YOU .  My party of 6 including my 3 year old got turned away at 5:30 . Yes 5:30pm . I understand if it was late but come on 5:30 .  I say this is discrimination and I'm appalled that this establishment even has the right to do so . Are you a bar ? Or a restaurant that acts like they have the best Italian food . What gives you the right ! To turn away children !!
Okay...so I think I had this place hyped up way too much in my mind.  Every human in Philly knows about the dive bar that serves v good Italian food and my thing is - I wasn't too impressed. I'd say average.

I love the neighborhood. Fishtown is so up and coming and the place to be, so I like that you can grab food here and then head to Frankford Hall or the barcade.  The food, however, wasn't anything spectacular and quite frankly, a little over priced.  We got 2 appetizers, $10 each and 3 entrees.  We each got a drink (3 total) and we spent $33 each (including tip).  That isn't outlandish for a Friday night dinner, but it's weird to pay that when you're having an Italian meal in an un-air conditioned dive bar.  

I'm also all about aesthetic, so that is definitely weighing into my review.  I would much rather go to a hip, trendy, cute spot to dine instead of here.  

It is also busy as hell with not a lot of seating and one waitress, so service was kind of a drag.  

I definitely won't be back, but I would say: give it a shot and see for yourself? According to Yelp lots of people love it here, maybe I'm just too bad and boujee (lol, half kidding).
It's pretty impossible to give this place a "great" review. They've got a good tap which includes economical and experiential options, and the place is covered in plasticized pennies, but the service is just . . . poor. Maybe it's the geometric layout that keeps the bartender from being able to see the entire cast of characters lined right up like their out of the police station . . . or maybe I just went to this place (both times) on a horrid day, but service was undeniably sloppy. We ordered fries (which I don't recommend getting, as the freezer is right there in the corner, the fries are something out of Cosco, and the "cooking machine" was this assembly-line oven robot that just freaked me out) and they sat there steaming hot . . . fading . . . fading . . . cold and then the bartender/waitress got her friend to put them in a tray and bring them to us, even though he hadn't been doing anything the entire time up to that point!

I remember doing shots of smuggled in whiskey in the back alley behind the place and enjoyed that. I also think it's cool that there's a great community for all the free live music (local, local, local) that's hosted there. I saw Power Animal and a couple other groups perform and was impressed. Mostly DIY, but the shit was tight.

The clientelle are nothing to go tell your mother about, but they're friendly and, depending on the night you go, beautiful (or hideous). There's a mixed crowd . . . Fishtown locals come together with hipster-types who can't get a leg in across the street at Johnny Brendas. The best part, I guess, is that you can go in for a quick PBR, then bust a move to a cooler, more appealing place down the block.
Murph's has turned over a new leaf. They remodeled the divey dining room, and added a cute little outdoor dining area with picnic tables in the back yard. 

Now let's talk about the food, because they rebooted the kitchen, too. They have a new Italian chef, Francesco. (He used to cook at Modo Mio.) Wonderful, fresh, Italian food, with pasta made from scratch. We split the calamari for an appetizer, and I had cavatelli with meatballs for the entree. Everything was SO good, including the cannoli. (And cheap -- dinner for two with drinks for $50!) I'm torn between sharing and keeping this new dinner option to myself, but I'm opting for good karma.
The best Italian food in the city can be found in this divey Irish bar. The chef, Francesco, was also our extremely friendly server/host. He explained to us every item on the menu and gave wonderful suggestions for wine and dessert! A lot of his ingredients, such as the pasta, are made in house, and I believe he also tries to source local ingredients as well. Best of all, the food came in huge servings and was fairly priced. You will not be disappointed!
This reminds me of the "dive bars" in California. People refer to them as dives, but they're not. This is like that. Anywhere I pay $5 for a beer is not a dive. Also, it's actually pretty decent inside. I really like the pennies on the bar top. It's a unique touch.

On the night that we went, there was a band playing (they were just ok) but kudos to the bar for having live music. Also, I know this place is in Fishtown, but as the night went on it definitely became somewhat of a hispster overload.

I didn't eat anything here, but Hubby got a brisket sandwich. I tried a bite and it was just ok. Not terrible, but certainly not memorable either.

That pretty much sums up Murph's. Not terrible, but not memorable. I will say that the service was good and I never felt ignored by a bartender, so that alone might make me try Murph's again.
Swung by here on Saturday evening for a few pints and was pleasantly surprised.  I was going to go to Frankford Hall, but they had some festival going on and it was full of people, mostly really drunk and mostly hipsters.  No thanks.
I am glad we stopped in, the staff was nice, my order of fries was taking a long time and the bartender decided that that was unacceptable and gave me my money back.  Beer is fairly priced, cold, and is served in clean glassware.  Don't come in if you want a glass of wine, the selection is limited to say the least.   
This is a genuine neighborhood bar that is not trying to be anything else.  Hopefully it stays this way.
Francesco, operating inside of the unassuming Murph's bar, makes some seriously amazing Italian food. Handmade pasta with fresh ingredients, and great service from Francesco himself. We had prosciutto and chicken ravioli in red wine sauce, as well as gnocchi with shrimp and bacon in a mild cream sauce. Incredibly affordable at $10-14 per entree. I'll be back for sure.
Like others here, I am loathe to post another review for fear of never getting a seat here again, but I'm just a generous kind of guy, so do us all a favor and make this a special occasion place.

The food was INCREDIBLE, fresh, homemade, and expertly prepared. The most expensive dish was a full rack of the best-quality lamb in the city, at $20.

Service was pure "Yo!", but supremely knowledgeable about all the food (and wine pairings.) 

Let's keep this "hidden gem" to ourselves, Capisce ?
Wow! 
Blown away by this hidden gem. I have been by it hundreds of times and never went in. 

Small bar, not much seating, friendly staff and customers. We went on Thursday around the end of Happy Hour, where the drafts are a deal a $3 each.

Not much seating, as I said, so we scrounged up a few stools at a 2 top and made it work. The food smelled so good and people were raving about how good it was. My buddies both got gnocchi dishes and said they were great.

I had the seafood manacotti in the blush sauce. Wow! Packed with fresh seafood in a creamy sauce. It was dynamite! 

I cannot wait to return and try some other pasta dishes. This place is a must try.
Murph's was such a pleasant surprise! A friend had told me about this place (claiming it was hands down the best Italian food she has ever had) and last week when the weather was awful and the whole city shut down (snow day) this Pub was the place to be. It's not the biggest establishment, but do not let its looks fool you the food is AMAZING. We ordered the fried burrata as an appetizer, followed by the Punttanesca Pasta and the Tagliatelle with lamb chops. Everything was really delicious and homemade. Another thing i appreciated was the proportions of the food. It was not so huge that i stuffed my face, rather it was just the right amount of pasta to meat ratio. The Chef here really knows what he/she is doing and I hope they never leave! My friend was right it really is the best Italian food in the city right now.
One time, like 5 years ago, I went on a date here, and it resulted in a very long and misguided relationship. I feel like Murph's is probably a spawning ground for such things.

The beers are cheap, and the food is terrible. We need places like this in the world, just like we need people who want to pump gas in NJ; we'd be stranded without them.
Came here on cold Wednesday in April. It was a tough day at work so I figured I'd try this place out for happy hour. 

They had a few decent crafts on draft and they were half off. 3 bucks for a decent brew? Hell yea! I read the reviews about their pasta so I decided to try Murph's pasta. Jesus H was it delicious. It was nice and hot (including spice) and a decent portion for 12 bucks. I don't know what kind of pasta was in it, but I think that along with the sauce was homemade. Also the bartender's service was freaking great. Even though she was talking to the regulars, she would always look over whenever I sat down my glass to make sure it wasn't empty. 

It did smell a little funky though so I deducted a star for that. Either way, whenever I'm craving pasta and beer at a good price, I'm coming here.
4.5 stars
Pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed this place. Casual place with nice vibes and great food. They have a digital jukebox and for a $1, you can play 2 songs. 
They give you complimentary bread, good flavor but on the drier end. We started with the fried mozzarella. SO GOOD! They give 3 hefty size pieces that has quality cheese, perfectly breaded and fried. 
We got the pear pasta and lobster ravioli. The sauce for the pear pasta was DELICIOUS! It took me back to Italy. There's a lot of pear filling in the pasta itself and does taste sweet. For people who enjoy sweet and savory, you'll enjoy this dish. 
The lobster ravioli has 6 pieces with 3 big pieces of shrimp. Sauce was great as well and the ravioli was filled generously. 
Great portion size and great prices. 
Service can be a little slow towards the end but I see how busy they can get.
Impromptu date night, ended up at Murph's for dinner and drinks. Waited about 30 minutes for a seat which is fine, Friday night it's busy I get it. Finally got a seat at the bar, ordered a PBR and a Frascatii to start, for dinner we had gnocchi with shrimp and bacon and he got tagliatelle Bolognese. Got my order within 45 minutes but somehow two plates came out, I received mine but his went somewhere else. He waited in total one hour and 20 minutes for his food. When asked about his food the bartender nonchalantly said it's really backed up in the kitchen. The food was great, the atmosphere was awesome but the service is UNACCEPTABLE. No one should watch their partner finish their dinner and wait an additional half an hour for their food to come out. The bartender then tells us that she would comp our meal that we waited a ridiculous amount of time for, but when the check came we paid full price... Please, fix this. I hate writing bad reviews but this is just absolutely ridiculous. The bartender/waitress can't play the blame game, you guys are all part of ONE establishment.
Cant beat the prices on a decent beer selection here. Living in a hipster hood one can get tired of pbr specials everywhere u go. Although the menu is limited the food is actually good here. And the bartenders are always nice. No complaints over here .  Murphs is definitley my  fav neighborhood watering hole.
There's no getting around it, this is the best Italian food I've had in the city.   There are so many standouts on the menu and I've honestly never ordered something I didn't enjoy.  

The meat and cheese plate app is a generous portion of burrata and a somewhat rotating assortment of whatever fresh Italian meats are on hand that day.   It's not to be missed.

I'm currently making my way through the dinner specials, but my favorites right now are the papardelli bolognese, the black truffle Parmesan cream tagliatelle , the gnocchi carbonara, and the lobster ravioli with shrimp.    All made from scratch every day.  All priced at about 16 bucks or below per entree.   This place is a not so hidden-hidden gem.

The wait staff is awesome.  Francesco the chef is an absolute artist and you'll often find him taking a quick lap around the bar and dining area to ensure his guests are enjoying their meals.

Remember, you have to pick 2 out of 3 on the wheel of "Good food, quick food, cheap food"  well this place you're going to get it good and cheap.  But you might wait a bit longer than normal spots simply because it's just Francesco down there, and he's working as quickly as he can.  Give him time and enjoy their totally acceptable draft list.    

Seriously, just go to this place.
Wow! They do not lie, the food at this place is amazing. I was dancing in my seat. It tasted like someone's nonna cooked us dinner, and I can't wait to go back. The wait is annoying and the place is tight, but it's worth it when you finally get a seat and you feel victorious when you taste the pasta. I didn't think it was that divey either. Its just an average Irish bar, that sells amazing Italian food. Go early maybe for less wait.
A friend recommended this place and it did not disappoint. The service was great and the food was even better. One of the best mozzarella and meat dish and the best pasta I have ever had.
The charm is that they serve amazing looking Italian food in a hidden room of this Irish bar. The portions were plentiful but not too much and it was pretty darn cheap!! It was delicious and authentic Italian (think a little al dente). 

The bar was a solid waiting spot before dinner (which didn't take too long on a Friday at 6pm with no res). Love that they had more special entrees than menu items; never know what you'll get!

I went in on a whim not knowing how good a meal I was going to get. Murph's definitely delivered and the service was fast. Lots of cheese on the pasta which I like but friend did not. Cash only which is bad if you're caught off guard. I think in terms of Philadelphia Italian this is on the upper end but of course nowhere near the best. Would recommend and go back; don't take the 3 stars as poor review- I'm just critical.
Irish dive bar with above average Italian food - interesting to say the least.

You walk into a long bar, with high tops to the right and a small dining room in the back.  The kitchen is around the corner, downstairs, and restrooms in the back dining area.  This has amazing reviews, which I honestly, don't understand why.  The service here was completely lackluster.  After walking in, sitting down a high-top (which has table service) and standing at the bar for about 15-20min, did someone finally come to talk to me.  The third person I spoke with finally was able to answer my question regarding where to sit and how to order, as the first guy directed me to the waitress, and the waitress was running around with her head down, not looking at anyone, until the bartender finally answered my questions (which should've been directed to the waitress anyway).

The bar was fairly busy, with almost all of the bar seats taken up, and the majority of the tables in the back full of parties, but that doesn't excuse the lack of poor service and acknowledgement.  When we finally did get seated, our waitress took our drink and food order, as we didn't want to wait a long time between ordering.  Their beer list is pretty good, with a handful on tap and a bunch more in bottles/cans.  There's also a cool electronic bowling skeeball machine in the corner next to the bar.

My friend and I split an app and an entree - the caprese and this tomato-cheese gnocchi.  The food was OK - not a 5-star Italian restaurant, but definitely way better than you'd imagine given the ambiance/location you're in.

It seemed like there were a bunch of regulars at the bar, which is great, and a few families in the back - the two areas seemed like they cater to very different clientele.  The place is cool, but maybe just not for me...or I have to give them another chance.
It's easy to miss, blending into the urban landscape along Girard Ave. but I'll bet they and their patrons probably like it this way. 

If you're in Fishtown but need a break from avant garde hairdos, excessive and/or bad ink, women's jeans on men, horn-rimmed glasses, pretentiousness & unwarranted smugness...stop into Murph's. 

PBR isn't just for hipsters. $2 pints. 

Yeah!
I visited Murphy yesterday for the first time in probably a year, and it's improved since my last visit. Murph's has expanded to include a small, but full kitchen menu.  The food here is pretty good, especially for the price. Your options are a few regular bar apps (wings, fries, etc) several different and well thought out sandwiches, and a few pizzas.  Sure the food isn't amazing, but it's pretty good and worth the price.

As many have said, Murph's is a breath of fresh air in terms of price and atmosphere when compared to JB's across the street.  The crowd is always a good mix of locals and newcomers (read hipsters) but everyone is welcomed by the friendly staff.  During lunch time, the bar was pretty slow, so the bartender let us channel surf on the TV.  

The bottle selection here is good, but for draft beer there are only five options, one of which is always PBR.  Still, a $2 draft of PBR is a deal, even if it's not my favorite beer.  Even with five taps, Murph's still manages to carry two or more beers that I will happily drink, and the most expensive pint is $5; the prices here are reasonable.

Bottom Line: This tiny local spot with a memorizing penny lacquered bar used to be fun.  Then they added food, improved the beer list, and still managed to stay welcoming to all who walked in the door.  I like this place and it's one of my favorite bars in the Northern Liberties area.
If we want some Italian home style food we go to Francesco to Murph's! Always good! Just go and try it!
The drinks were cheap, which is always awesome.  They had a pretty decent selection of beers in bottles and 4 or 5 on tap.  Only one of the beers on tap was rubbish, Budweiser or something.  The staff was friendly and quick.  It has a laid-back local bar atmosphere.  The bar covered in pennies is a nice touch.

It smelled kind of funny though because of the deep-frying machine they have at the bar.  I only had fries as far as food goes.  They were sub-par, even for bar food.  I was not a fan of the animal heads on the wall.
Great food. Ambiance doesn't match the food, but that will only matter to some people.
UPDATE: We went back last Wednesday and I think the food was even better than last time, if that's possible. We got two specials. Mine was a pear and parmigiana stuffed fiocchi in a honey glaze. Oh. My. God. It was to die for. Definitely sweet and tasted almost like a dessert, and I loved it. Ate every bite. He got the veal tortellacci with truffle oil and walnuts over cappcollo, which was also delicious. He nearly licked the plate. The portions are huge and you're definitely indulging, but it's totally worth every last calorie. We hung out with Francesco again. We learned he actually cooked at Monsu, Modo Mio's sister restaurant. He explained his love for making pasta and making it interesting enough that you can have only one item on the plate and not get bored with it. He doesn't want the place to get too popular and he wants to keep the prices reasonable. He loves to talk to his customers and watching you clean your plate. He also gave us complimentary homemade limoncello. The guy is awesome. The food is top notch. Can't wait to go back.
I do love my Murph's. Nice cheap bevvies and great bartenders. There's also a very nice mix of people, and everyone there is friendly. I love my crazy places in Fishtown but this is honestly just a great place to hang out and grab a few beers. 

As I said, the bartenders are great. One night a friend and I decided to get a little nutty and each did about three [or four..ooor maybe five] shots with a couple beers thrown in and our tab came to about $32 bucks. Hell yes. Count me in, all the time. They've got a lovely little outdoor patio which is nice for warm weather. They also occasionally have bands [I've only seen two, one was pretty bad and the other was actually really good. Or maybe I was just really drunk...] 

I wouldn't say that this is the place you come to rage it hard..This is just your run of the mill great friendly low-key bar that can sometimes get a little crazy when you least expect it. 
Check it out!
I couldn't believe this place! I went here instead of Johnny Brenda's across the street because it was so crowded. Murph's totally blew me away with its food. It's no ordinary barfood. The shrimp pizza was so delicious, the wings were great, and I had this poor man's purse thing that I'm craving right this second. And the prices were good too!
I've heard about this place through the grapevine and it definitely did not disappoint. The bar is your typical small Fishtown Bar but the menu is what sets this place apart. I would give this place 5 stars had it not been cash only and limited seating. There is a rotating specials menu, last time I went I had the Pork Shank Spaghetti and it was delicious! The portion was very large and most people ended up taking a takeout box home with them. Although in a small Fishtown Bar the price was a little on the higher end, not super cheap but then again not Davio's type pricing either. They also ran out of meatballs that day. All in all this place is a hidden gem and I will 100% be going back to try the other dinner options.
Awesome food! Their Sandwiches are amazing. From the veggie sandwich to the thanksgiving sandwich to their specials like the cubano. All amazing. Also great architecture done by a local named Pat. Friendly bartenders and staff. An all around great place to check out.
This place kicks ass !!!!!!!!!!!! Drinks are at a great price you can get drunk and still go home with money. People are nice food is real good for a pub style you can smoke out back the place looks sick too. Really nice job with it.
I love Murph's. It is a nice, quiet place to get fresh and delicious Italian food. The specials are so hard to choose from because they all sounds amazing. I suggest going with a large group so that you can sample everyone's meal. Tonight I had a sweet potato gnocchi and wanted to strangle the incredibly sweet chef just because I could not stop eating. That did not stop me, however, from trying some gelato dusted in coco powder. The back patio is a great place to eat during good weather, especially with some decent beer on tap.
I never thought I would enjoy such great pasta at this bar..it was delicious. The place was extremely busy and there was only 1 waitress at the time, but she was very apologetic and  offered free dessert. Highly recommended.
I was looking forward to coming here after hearing how great the Italian food was. Fortunately, it was an amazing experience. The best costumer service I've had in my life. The wait on a weekend nite, at a hot place was  as expected but the hostess was pleasant and kind. Turns out she was the owner, and easy on the eyes. The customers were all enjoying themselves a d happy to be there. Fellow customers complimented the look of my meal and people were comfortable joking and chit chatting with each other. There's so many great Italian places in the city, but this Irish bar is one of the best!.
I've been going past this place for years and only finally went in last week. I am a fan of no-frills places and Murph's hit the spot. Cheap beer, kitschy decor and a juke box. I'll be back!
Myself, a friend and our combined 2 kids had just arrived in Philadelphia the day that we dined at Murph's. We decided we were all craving pasta, so we hopped on Yelp to find some place that served a white sauce selection. I spotted one of my faves on the their online menu: fiocchi pear pasta with a white sauce (I think it was parmesan). Sold! We called ahead of time to check on the wait & verify under 21 was allowed. They do not take reservations for a party of only 4. All good, so we requested our Lyft and headed over. Once inside, the 1st noticeable thing that stood out was how small the inside was. The seating area is quite small. Maybe 8 tables? I didn't count. Next was how loud it was. We had to speak very loudly to hear each other. Still all good, so we put our name & was told the wait would be approximately 60-90 mins. I asked if they would call us when our table was near ready. I was told no, but that I could call over to check on my status in line. I had my son set an alarm for 45 min, and we left to find a more quiet space to wait. When I called and asked about our status, the woman rudely told me that I was not allowed to do that & I'd lose my place in line if I wasn't in the building when my name was called. We walked back over immediately (5 min walk). About 15-20 min later, someone was yelling an indistinguishable name in the loud bar. We were standing right in front of the hostess podium, clearly waiting for our table. The waitress walked around us to get behind the bar and walk further away to yell the name. I finally left the hostess podium and walked over to the bar. I had to somewhat go behind the bar so that my voice would carry over to the waitress. I asked her if she was saying ,"Malia", and she said, "I dunno. Maybe!" She wouldn't look at me. I could tell right away that she was being passive-aggressive. She seated us & let us know she was our server. She seemed super annoyed that she even had to speak us. She was also very rushed, and again, did not even look at us as she spoke. When she came back to get our orders, she was very snippy & rudely corrected our mispronunciation of certain Italian dishes. She left so fast that she forgot to get my son's order. When we called her back, she of course acted like it was our fault & said she wondered why he wasn't ordering food. B.S.! We saw her go up to other coworkers and roll her eyes & talk badly about us and other customers. We weren't the the only ones that she was rude to. Lastly, we asked for dessert to-go to which she replied, "we don't do dessert to-go", sounding appalled. My friend asked for a dessert and a to-go box. She spun off annoyed to get it, but not before stopping at the hostess podium 2 feet away from us and again rolling her eyes while barking at the hostess, "DO NOT get them silverware! They are taking it to go!" Dessert came, and  I asked the server, "hi. I know you were told not to give us silverware, but can we have a fork to push it into the box?" She nicely brought us a fork. The extremely rude waitress had dark hair in a ponytail with bangs, glasses and lots of tattoos. The food? VERY DELICIOUS! I very much enjoyed my pasta. It's too bad the service was hostile and it ruined our yummy food. I would not return there no matter how good the fiocchi is!
It's Friday night and we were looking for good dinner. Checked all our usual Fishtowns places and wanted something new! So walked by the Murphs and saw specials, walked in, looked at the menu and decided to think about outside. Then the couple walked out and started to tell us how food is good! They told us don't pay attention that it's Irish pub just tried Francesco's food! So we walked back and met Francesco, ordered it and of course we didn't regret! Awesome cheese plate for unbelievable affordable price; stuffed eggplant, beef braciola were just perfect! So must try it! Service is friendly and nice!
I have nothing but praises about this bar. Great italian cuisine, laid back, and relaxing to enjoy good company, good food, and good games/drinks. The lobster ravoli was by far one of the best I've had; gravy sauce was less heavy than most yet creamy and rich. Not too much sodium or overwhelming, a just right balance for the fresh seafood lobster. Generous portion and filling. Will be back!

Oh but FYI, cash only! Made that mistake and we were limited to the amount of dishes we could try -- otherwise, we could've ordered the whole menu
I read the reviews on here about Murph's and was intrigued by the Italian restaurant in an Irish bar. Well it was exactly that and a really comfortable place with a great crowd. You have to pay in cash for the food and no take out. But the prices were really reasonable. I had the lasagna which was $14.00 for a huge serving and bread. My boyfriend had the filet medallions and dessert, which was some chocolate cake that was soooo good! Everyone there was raving about the food. Our server was great, I think her name was Megan? I can't wait to go back and try it again.
I'm back baby and I started with a banger! 

Murph's was on my "places I have to try before the post-covid crowds start back up." I heard their drinks weren't that great so I stuck with beer. Those jawns were ice cold. As for the food, I sat in the back and ate like a queen. Bacon wrapped filet, fried burrata cheese, nice service. 
* This one dude sneezed in the middle of the room, didn't cover his mouth or anything and we all gasped. * This is a cash only bar, and you know I don't trust that ATM machine so rather than get one more dish, I tipped and left tipsy, as planned. Fishtown was booming and there was outdoor seating all over. For this to be my first bucket list place since the quarantine, they killed the food. I'll be back (I did find free parking near by) this was a great lil adventure!
There is really not much more I can add to what the other reviewers have said. This place is a must for any foodie or, really, anyone with taste buds who enjoys Italian food. 

This little Irish pub is so understated that we came in and almost walked out because we thought we were in the wrong place.  The Bartender knew exactly why we were here and led us to the back seating area.  Be advised, this is a no frills Irish pub.  There was not enough room for more than 20 people in the back area.  We literally sat at a table in the middle of the back area where we could watch people go in and out of the bathroom.  But that doesn't matter because IT WAS WORTH IT. 

So I ordered a special (gnocchi) and my bf ordered some pasta with red sauce.  They were amazing.  Honestly, truly.  This place could compete with any place in the Italian Market and win every time.  For context, we started with fried mozzarella, thinking it would be your standard fried cheese appetizer.  WE WERE WRONG.  They sliced a mozzarella ball and covered the slices in seasoning and bread crumbs and lots of butter and fried them.  I could have eaten the whole thing if it wasn't for my pesky dinner date :) I also screamed while eating them.  I saw another guest get them and try to dip them in the marinara sauce and I had to stop them from ruining there food like that.  Yes, they were that good.

Ok, sorry I'll move.  The service was excellent: quick and friendly.  I mean I can't say one bad thing about this place except that I wish it was closer to where I live. 

I'll be back again and again and again.
I'm going to give it to you all straight because there is no doubt in my mind that most of the reviewers here are probably hipsters and/or the type who go to musical festivals and who hate Trump. 

Overrated. Not terrible, but was a huge let down. The place very much is a dive (which is true) and looks cool inside although it is very, very small with limited seats. I went at around 4PM and it was already packed. 

The service was fast, however no one was particularly friendly (to anyone though). Many of the things listed on the menus that people here shared were removed off the menu. Many of the pasta dishes were gone, as were the profiteroles which I was dying to try. I asked if they could still make it and was told no (understandably). 

I just ordered some wine and the friend mozzarella. The mozzarella was good however, it didn't taste that much better than (wait for it...) getting frozen mozzarella sticks. They were overpriced too. 

Wouldn't return. 

PS) You can pay with credit card now if you are paying over $10.
I had been told by several people how good the pasta dishes were here, which I was always skeptical about since it's an Irish pub but damn, that was amazing. So glad we decided to pop in when walking by; the pasta was delicious. The pear and cheese especially was unique and different from other traditional Italian dishes I've had in the past. Definitely need to try more of their entrees. 10/10
Went to Murph's with a party of 4 for early Saturday dinner. I may have been set up for disappointment since the person who recommended it say it was the best food he'd ever eaten. First, they have an electrical problem they need to deal with ASAP because the lights in the dining room were constantly flickering and dimming on and off. (Fire hazard?) The place was crowded and frankly a little smelly and stuffy. Guess that's part of the ambiance which I could overlook it if the food were THAT good, but it's not. We had an appetizer with 3 different proscuitto/serrano ham type meats and very creamy, delicious mozzerella and nice crusty sesame seed bread. That was really good. I ordered Braciole, which means to me a type of beef roulade stuffed with cheese, breadcrumbs and herbs. Well, Murph's braciole is not that. It's more of a stew type concoction with, frankly overly acidic, thick red sauce served over pasta. OK not what I had in mind. My friend ordered a bolognese pasta and asked the very nice server if it was made with ground beef, which she did not want. She ordered on the basis that it was not ground beef and Voila, ground beef. The whole meal felt very thrown together and not very imaginative or creative. Definitely not the best food I've ever eaten, but hearty for winter.
Very interesting place as who would think or know you get fantastic Italian food in an Irish dive bar.  Suggest you should make reservations, the Italian offerings are a separate entity from the bar, but something you will be very surprised by as to the quality and the very reasonable prices. We had the mussels & meatballs for appetizers both were great. For entrees we had the lobster ravioli, pasta bolognese, and the enormous pork shank, all were excellent. For desert we have the lemon cake and the chocolate soufflé, nice presentation and very tasty. Dinner was topped off with a complimentary lemonchello. 

Only negative was they had run out of a couple of the entrees and Bread, not sure how that happens in an Italian restaurant, but a minor glitch.
We will be back!
I also had a bad experience with the hostess here at Murph's. They were really rude to us on the phone and when we came in, the hostess completely ignored us for like 20 minutes. Once she DID talk to us, she very abruptly said that "they're busy." That it, "might be a while to get a table." We were okay with that, and she grabbed her notepad really aggressively and scribbled on her notepad, all the while never making eye-contact with me, and rolling her eyes as she walked away. My date asked if we should just go to another restaurant, so we did. It's a shame, I really wanted to try the food here.
The oddest experience I had dining in my life. I went here several years ago but decided I would detail my experience as this place is getting sky high review scores so I just want to give the down low of the true vibe here.

Very interesting divey-ish neigborhood "Irish" townie bar vibe that serves good Italian food. We showed up with a fairly large party I want to say eight people very early and were seated. After many of us were placing substantial orders (one of our friends who was buzzed ordered three different items) WELL...very oddly the waitress said everyone has to order two meals EACH PERSON mininum. 

Apparently, this is the rule with large parties we were told. This did not sit well with many of us and half of us walked out and two or three stayed at the bar and tried to order just one meal at the bar. After alot of ackwardness and them refusing to serve a single beer to one of our group members who tried ordering three food items only two of the original eight of us stayed. The one friend who they wouldn't serve just kept saying they missed out on a hugh bill which frankly was true.

I am seeing other reviews where you are just treated extremely rude. I am thinking this may be the case because some in the surrounding area can be rude patrons and sometimes you do need to throw people out and clean up shop but my one experience was just ultra werid.

Good luck if you visit here after the COVID-19 Pandemic. I just would not come with a large group and do not expect to be treated "friendly".  I did manage to grab a few bites of the calamari and pasta entree and it was good for the record.
