Coming from an Egyptian person (me, obvi) I can tell you this spot is LEGIT! So many fast food spots and food carts have falafel yet none of them actually taste like real falafels. Sorry to break to you people Philadelphia and south jersey- these spots don't have really falafels!!

Then comes another Mediterranean grill, Naf Naf Grill. Okay, I see you with the camels and pyramids being represented! It's def a bowl/create your own type of place. I ordered a hummus bowl with chicken and some of their add-ons and I also added some falafel cause I was so desperate for a little taste home. To my pleasant surprise these meal would be one my best in Philadelphia. I mean, everything was so flavorful, so filling, and so authentically delicious! The falafel tasted as they should and I can bet that they make them with (chick peas) as they should be done!

Thank you for not letting me down Naf Naf! I appreciate you and your beautiful falafels.
Wanting to try this place for awhile...Went on Friday lunch and it was crowded, Line long, but service was quick! I ordered a falafel sandwich and  authentic lentil soup. Like other restaurants of this nature, assembly line to make your food. They have shawarma and falafel sandwiches,  hummus bowls , couscous, rice or salad bowls along with extras like and fries, hummus, baba ghanoush, basmati rice and lentil soup. For my falafel, I had choices what to put in sandwich, toppings and sauces. I had the classic - cukes, cabbage, baba ghanoush and tahini sauce. For an extra $3.25, you can "Naf it up" and get fries, lentil soup, or basmati rice and fountain drink. I did Naf it up and had to have a Middle Eastern soup. Yes lentil soup was flavorful and falafel fillings made the sandwich very tasty , plus pita bread was fresh and they make on  premises. My meal was vegan and very satisfying. I plan on returning. Very yummy. NEXT TIME, BRINGING FRIENDS.
Just OK - I had a salad bowl and the cucumber salad and baba ghanouj were fine - the rest (hummus, limp romaine, dry chicken and tough-mediocre "steak") was edible but blah.

Do not get the steak.  Not at all juicy.

I love this type of food and have tried 2 other local mini chains Naya and Cava and they were both better than Naf Naf.

I wanted to love it but it is just Meh.

That said they staff greeted me upon entrance (I came in early before the long-ass line)  and the cashier was very friendly and polite.

Might try it again but might now.
This place may not add up to Goldie's but it's a great alternative!  The atmosphere is very clean with an easy menu to assist you in ordering food. They provide options of hummus bowls, pitas, salads, and veggie bowls. Once selecting a bowl, salad, or pita, you select the toppings and dressings/sauces you want. Think of this place as a Mediterranean chipotle!  

Definitely order some fries (they are cut like chips with great seasoning) and the garlic sauce!! Yum yum.
So I get what they are trying to do here but the problem is unless the cuisine is a novelty for you then it is really nothing great. The food is just ok. They are applying a subway style fast food approach to middle eastern food. That is what you are getting fast food. The problem lies in the fact that there are numerous carts on the surrounding streets doing similar food much better. I opted to try their steak shawarma. The meat was not very flavorful but the hummus they rimmed the bowl with was pretty solid. The rest of the pick what you want topics are pretty mild in flavor. Not the best but not terrible, middle of the road which is what I expect from a fast food place. Also being asked if I would like it "Naf it up!" is a lame phrase for combo adding sides like fries. I feel sorry for ever staff member that has to repeat that line all day.
Came into Naf Naf today for the grand opening and was pleasantly surprised! Working in Commerce Square, I have a plethora of options for lunch- including Mediterranean food carts and restaurants. That being said, I'll definitely be returning to Naf Naf!

During the grand opening, everyone got a free pita sandwich, drink and fries. I had a steak shawarma pita and it was delicious! The pita itself was delicious- probably the best I've had, and right before you order, you can see the employees making the fresh pitas which was pretty cool. While I was in line, I was offered a free sample of the falafel which was great too! 

The menu is the (now) typical "pick your base, protein, veggies, toppings" model which I feel is kind of overdone in general, but I'm definitely excited to try a hummus or cous cous base the next time I go and top with some homemade falafel. 

For being a chain Mediterranean place, it was way better than I expected and I'll definitely be back.
This review is from a few months back. Been here are few times at lunch and each time it is busy and seating gets tight. The place is clean, exception they don't have a steady person wiping down the tables and the drink station...even when I went in there when it wasn't busy. The staff is a hit or miss...sometimes friendly and sometimes not.  But the serving line moves fast, so your wait is not too long. The food is good and I like their little deserts too.
Tasty meal for about $9. Essentially a Chipotle/Qdoba type of spot, but for shwarma and falafel.
Great place for quick lunch. Sit down or take out. 
Vegetable feast is amazing includes salads, hummus, falafel and fresh pita (so soft). The hit and very hot sauce goes very well with it. I have also tried at their Chicago location Lentil soup which I just love it.
We went here with friends from out of town who have never been to Naf Naf before. The staff were exTREMELY unfriendly and barely spoke to us. It seemed like we were causing them a disservice by ordering our food. The staff was also incredible stingy when it came to the toppings they gave us. If we asked for cabbage, they would put a couple little things of cabbage ontop. 

That being said, the food was very good and was your typical Naf Naf experience which is why I gave it a 2 star.
The only downside I found here is that it is a little overwhelming if you aren't very familiar with the cuisine.  I didn't quite feel rushed, but I didn't give myself enough time to really decide what I wanted as the lines were so long I didn't want to keep letting people ahead of me, and the descriptions aren't behind the servers on the line, that would have helped me a little bit.  Regardless, my salad here was down right awesome. You move down the queue line and add what you want to your choice of basis (bowl, salad, pita, etc).  Its similar in style to the other options out there (I'm looking at you chipolte) but the food is oh so different.  Everything was very fresh, and very flavorful.  The portions are huge and come with complimentary pita bread which is out of this world.  I got the chicken swarma salad bowl and added a bunch of toppings, I am embarrassed to say I ate it all, and was very full.  The flavors were different, bold and so tasty! My friend's falafel salad bowl was exactly the same, very filling, flavorful and different! This is definitely at the top of quick lunch places for me, and a great way to try something a little different than the norm!
Naf Naf Grill popped up the "Hot and New" list so I had to give this place a try during my lunch hour. As expected, the line was nearly out the door during lunch but it moved rather quickly (it took me about 15 minutes from the time I arrived to get my order) because its 'Chiptole' for Mediterranean food. Second, it's rather on the pricey side because of location. 

I ordered a chicken schwarma bowl with all the toppings and a warm, fresh and fluffy pita is included in the order. The chicken was seasoned okay, the toppings were a nice touch but nothing about Naf Naf Grill jumped out at me as a reason to return. There are other places in the area that serve better Mediterranean food at the same or lesser price. 

However, I guess Naf Naf serves its purpose as being a quick bite but do not expect a unique taste you have not experienced anywhere else.
Wow! I was looking forward to a posh dinner in Philadelphia, but First I stumbled upon Naf Naf for a snack. The concept is like chipotle where you pick your protein and your style and you go down the line. But really it is extremely delicious Middle Eastern food. My son does not usually like falafel and Shwarma But he thought they were extremely delicious here. The fresh fries that are like warm potato chips are delicious. The falafel is super fresh. And they have great baba ghanouj and very fluffy pita. Also the people who work here are extremely nice. Big ups to Dreamane and Anaya and the young man who was working on Wednesday at 3:30 PM. Five enthusiastic stars for naff naff!
As far as fast casual goes (restaurants in the Chipotle, Shake Shack price point and quality), this place is great! 

The chicken shawarma pita was delicious and filling, and not too expensive. I will also say that this was some THE BEST falafel I've ever had. Yeah, that's right!
Naf Naf Grill is less than a block away from where I now work.  Add to that its fast-causal approach, and it should be in line to becoming my one of my regular go to spots.  Based on my visits thus far, it has not earned this kind of 'tier 1' status just yet.

Their menu offers pita sandwiches, rice, couscous, or salad bowls, and also a hummus bowl.  All can be made with chicken, steak, or falafel.  They also offer some extensive veggie options, but I haven't had a chance to try any of them just yet.

I found my chicken pita sandwich to be A-Ok.  It was made to order and quick to deliver.  My steak couscous bowl wasn't quite what I had hoped for.  The portion just didn't seem to add up and the steak didn't have much flavor.  However, it too was made to order.

Net - I'm not writing Naf Naf off just yet, but I am looking at other options instead of just making it my regular spot.  It has location potential at least...
I haven't even taken a bite of my sandwich yet, but wanted to take a minute to speak on the amazing service I just received.

I placed an order around 12:45ish this afternoon, was prompted that my order would be ready at 1:20, I completed my purchase and meandered around the Rittenhouse Square area waiting to pick up my meal. I arrived and for whatever reason, my order wasn't showing up on their end. They took a couple minutes looking and the gentleman working told me to not worry and they whipped my order up right there on the spot. 

They've created a return customer out of me based on this instance alone.
Solid kebab/falafel fast casual restaurant. All of their salads and sides were extremely fresh and flavorful. Bonus that they have these high tech kebab rotators. However, if you want authentic falafel and pita, go across the street to Mamas Vegetarian.
Had to check why there's always consistently a long line here.  It does move pretty quickly and it did give me a chance to figure out what I wanted to order.  

I got the chicken shawarma on a pita.  The spicy sauce is pretty spicy so be forewarned.  I was definitely sweating afterwards.  I got the chips on the side, but it was definitely soggy and a waste of money.  

This is a high end middle eastern place, but I'm ok with the 500 other options on the street carts
Not great. I ordered online hours in advance because I knew I was going to have a busy day and I showed up, waited for 5 mins and then got in line to see where my order was. She grumbled at me and then yelled across the kitchen for someone to grab the order. Already off to a bad start with the attitude. Then she haphazardly threw "everything" for my order in the bowl and rushed me out the door. Before leaving because of the bad service I thought to check my order and they forgot the falafel and two of the toppings which I only noticed right before leaving. She glared at me and then added them to the bowl. Sorry you had a bad day but I didn't need to have one too? We won't be back
Checked out Naf Naf Grill last week (conveniently it is located right near my work which is a big plus!). I like how you choose your base, then meat, toppings, and sauce. I went with the pita with falafel with the tomato/cucumber mixture, red cabbage and added hummus to the inside of the pita. They also have various sauces to choose from - I went with Tahini which they drizzled on top. The pita itself was soo soft and warm (I believe they bake it fresh) and I would definitely order it again. I also got a side of chips which were okay. Next time I would like to try the hummus base with chicken schwarma!
The food is mediocre but what seals the deal in giving this location a one star review is the service. The restaurant is beyond stingy and berates customers when they ask for toppings. I had an employee demonstrate in front of me he thought I was given the proper portion by trying to spread the topping out to give it a fuller appearance. When I asked for more, they decided to toss the extra topping in front of my face rather than to add it to my bowl. 

The manager is the driving force with treating customers as money making machines rather than patrons trying to enjoy their food. Her toxic personality has filtered down on the employees there.
The first time I saw a Naf Naf Grill was when I was in Chicago. I liked their Chipotle style of getting your food. My ordered was a the falafel salad bowl and it was good. I thought this was the first and only time I'd ever see a Naf Naf so I was pleasantly surprised to see that one pop-up on Market Street. I've since had their Veggie bowl that comes with baba ganoush and hummus. While there are several falafel spots in the city, this one has a better balance of a lower price for a bigger falafel salad bowl.
I love Naf Naf. I usually order the same thing each time - chicken bowl and rice with cucumbers, cabbage, pickles, onions, w/ tzatziki. Their pitas are also soo soo good. Lunchtime can get a little crazy but otherwise service is quick. Falafel and Naf Naf fries are also made super fresh and super tasty. Plenty of self service tables to eat at after ordering. Prices are reasonable and within the standard $9-$12 range for lunch in center city.
I work in center city and it is easy to get tired of the same spots. I am so happy to have naf naf around. This place is soooooo good.  Pita, yum- The sides yum, and the proteins are always tasty.  I additionally love the staff and the food. The food is tasty and I do not hate myself after eating it. 
Also recommend downloading the app. The perks are worth it.  You always get free sides and good offers.
A pleasant option. We had an early dinner here. Everyone ordered something different and each choice was tasty.   The bowls seemed to be the better option.  The room was clean and the staff was efficient.
Stumbled into this fast mediterranean eatery and was so surprised by the quality and flavor! I got the chicken shawarma rice bowl with onions, pickles and yogurt sauce. It was a great mix of flavours and the meat was well spiced with cumin and other things I couldn't identify. I also had a side of fries that were more like slices of fried potatoes, but we're actually very good!
Man, they gave me lots of food for about $9. I usually eat a lot, but this time I barely finished the whole meal. The meat is really good. Better than I expecred.
Hummus is decent but the service is spotty. Sometimes the people behind the counter are pleasant and sometimes, like today (5-19-17 at 3pm), they are rude and act like you are bothering them by daring to ask for food. 

With so many other Hummus spots opening up nearby with comparable pricing and better quality food, I don't see any point in going here if the service is lousy.
I tried to go to this location in Philadelphia on Market street and i was refused service because i have a ESA service animal and they wouldnt sevice me unless i brought my dog outside and tied him up. The lady was very  rude about it and made fun of my service animal saying ESA isnt a service animal. Please Dont go to this restaurant  they have no manners and the people  are very Rude to people with disabilities. I will not be spending my money here again. I recommend the WaWa accross the street.
I absolutely love Naf Naf and I often find myself going 3 times a week! Food is always delicious. Unfortunately, the employees at this location are SO unfriendly. When I ask a question or i ask for an extra scoop of sauce they seem annoyed and aggressively do so without making eye contact or acknowledging my request. In addition, the employees blatantly don't treat each other with respect, making unnecessary comments to each other about their work. I have worked in the restaurant industry for years, and I never leave comments on places unless positive; however, I have experienced unwelcomeness and disappointment too many times by the staff here to not leave a review.
I used to come here a lot and get the hummus bowls, which I loved. Sadly the last two I've gotten on two different days have been disgraceful. I ordered one for myself and one for a friend, and my friend remarked that it looked like I'd given her my half eaten bowl because the bowl looked like someone had literally scraped the hummus off the sides of the bowls. There was a little stuck to the sides which did appear as though someone had used a spoon to remove the hummus rather than put it in.

I was very upset when I noticed my bowl was the same way. It felt like we were paying for a bowl with hardly anything in it. I don't know if the person did this on purpose or if was an oversight, but I was truly disgusted. This needs to be corrected asap as I am a Naf Naf Rewards member and have eaten so many lunches here, but I can't see how they can justify serving someone this bowl let alone eating it.
Dream come true!! I have longed for a fast food type service with good mediterranean cuisine. Naf Naf has made their mark. It was not like what I had in Dubia but it will do!!! This was a great find. This was my husbands first time trying mediterranean and Naf Naf helped me give him a taste of why I rave of about shawarmas, hummus, and falafels!!! We are hooked!!!!
I happened to pass by this place on my walk from the train station to my hotel. It's great for a quick fix of classic Middle Eastern food (falafel, shwarma) that is well-made and tasty. The price is right too!
After I ordered my food I asked if they had any boxes of baba ghanoush left, the guy looked at me in a very unhappy and sort of upset manner and said I would have to make one for you. So I said no thanks that's fine. Then the woman who rang me up I asked her if I can get a bag she said bags are only for big orders and she asked me if I wanted a receipt and I said yes but she never gave me one. Really not the greatest customer service. I'll definitely look for other places near by as this is not worth it at all
Naf Naf is a great fast casual addition to the area. It's like Chipotle in that you decide on pita vs. bowl, select a protein, and then go crazy with salad and garnishes. I've tried a few combos and my favorite is pita + hummus + chicken shawarma + chopped salad + purple cabbage + extra garlic sauce (which makes me self-conscious about my breath, but it's totally worth it).

I had always been good and never had ordered the fries, but then the nice cashier offered me free ones to sample...AND THEY WERE FREAKING DELICIOUS. Now I'm afraid to go back since I won't have any self control around those fries, but I know I'll be happily lured back soon enough.
In England, naff is not a compliment. You don't want to hear 'That was naff.' about your food or service. My visit to Naf Naf Grill yesterday was ironic in that all I could think afterward was 'They should rename themselves, Naff Naff Grill.'

Where was the manager? The assembly of bowls, Chipotle-style, looked like they had four new staff on the line who had all just started. More backups than the Schuylkill heading west out of Philly on a Friday afternoon.

Four people, shoulder to shoulder, getting frustrated with each other.

No pita bread. Yes, no pita bread. For a middle eastern restaurant, that's McDonald's without buns, an English fish and chip shop without potatoes. As SNL asks; Really?

No falafel. Stand to the side please, it's cooking. We can serve those who want steak or chicken with their hummus, but we ran out of falafel. Really?2

Bowl assembly person 1 "Sorry, because we have no pita, we'll give you some fries, instead." 
Bowl assembly persons 2, 3, and 4, and the cashier - no one added fries to the half-empty bowl of hummus and salad (No falafel or pita, now no fries either.) Really?3

The hummus was good. Not $7.95 good, though. 
Amateur hour at the Naff Naff Grill.
Pita is the best thing in there. The service is excellent. The food lacks flavor. Very colorful, that draws you in until you taste it. Mamma's have nothing to worry about.
Wow this was unexpectedly delicious. Very clean. EXTREMELY nice, helpful staff. Decent amount of food. Ordered the chicken shawarma pita sandwich with garlic sauce, onions, pickles, and some other white sauce too. Amazingly fresh. Yellow rice was only so-so. Had naflava in sea salt and caramel (think sticky, crispy pastry with finely ground nuts) for dessert. Definitely getting that every time I go there. Highly recommend.
UPDATE: since my initial review, I have actually tried this place. I ordered and paid online to hasten the process, and I'm glad that I did because when I went to pick up my food, the line circled the dining room. I ordered the chicken shawarma basmati rice bowl with marinated onions and garlic sauce. Eh...the chicken lacked flavor, and was a little dry to me, and the rice was also missing something. I thought that the marinated onions would add flavor...not really. I ordered two falafel just to try and they were good, not better than Mama's Vegetarian, but good. The BEST thing that I had (from a $12 lunch) was the pita. The pita was GREAT! It was warm soft and fluffy and the reason I upgraded my review from 1 star to 3. Would I eat here again...probably not. I can get the same food better and cheaper elsewhere.
The food was ok but man the service was horrendous!!!!!!! I had two separate orders and a question about the size of the different things on the menu so that I could order something appropriate as it was my first time there. The girl behind the counter acted completely aggravated and very rude with my TWO questions. I ordered them stepped over to pay. There were two girls standing at the cash register, I had two separate orders and for whatever reason each of them decided to take one but ask me questions at the same exact time. I told them to please talk to me *one* at a time as they were both asking me the same thing about each order "if I wanted to naf it up with French fries". Really!?? I go to answer and the girl who was making my second order starts yelling at me from 5 feet away if I want veggies and pickles on the second order. Since I'm at the register trying to answer these two robots talking over each other, I don't hear her and she gets annoyed and yells "hey lady I talkin' to you!" Stunned, I look up and I'm like "um, what?!" I tell her to just add the veggies and I am humiliated in front of everyone else in line. Awful. Then I turn back to the cashiers to pay for my orders and again they ask (AT THE SAME TIME) if I want to "naf it up". I COUDN'T WAIT TO GET THE HECK OUT OF THERE!! Where do they find these people????!!!!!
Naf Naf Grill has decent options for a fast-casual middle eastern place. I probably shouldn't have tried the chicken shawarma rice bowl, because overall it didn't taste any better than the "chicken over rice" I typically get from food trucks nearby, but cost me twice as much. (The flavors, of course were a bit different - less spicy, greasier, and pretty salty.) I would probably come back to try another bowl - maybe the baba ganoush, as I've heard good things about it. The pita bread that came with the dish tasted fresh and was very fluffy and soft. 

The portion was decent, but I noticed that I was given a smaller portion than other customers who ordered the exact same thing, but who were larger people. I know I'm petite, but it's kind of uncool for me to pay the same amount as everyone else if I'm getting less food! Perhaps I should point this out next time and ask for a discount, lol... Other than that, the service was good. Still... tough for me to feel compelled to eat here often with so many similar options nearby.
If you read my review on VERTS, you'll know that I'm a big fan of those place, at least relative to its most recent competitor. Naf Naf is a welcomed addition to Center City Lunch Rotation. It hits most of the essentials of a good luck spot: tasty, fast, decent portions and affordable although there are times where tasty falls short. For the most part, everything is fresh and it is busy enough during the week day that there is rotation through all of the food. They even give you a pita which is awesome because it's made in house and extremely tender and soft. I tend to go with a rice bowl with either chicken or steak, two falafels (which are typically very fresh and sometimes made-to-order) all the veggies and the harissa and garlic sauce. I usually ask for a sauce to try on the side because I'm fat like that. All in all, a welcomed addition to Center City.
Consistently good food. The place is usually pretty busy, and it's nice to have good food so close to where I live.
Naf Naf Grill is like Chipotle for Middle Eastern food.  In other words, you get to personalize a meal made of pretty tasty ingredients that will be filling and satisfying, though not amazing.

The highlight of the veggie bowl was the baba ganoush which had a distinctly smokey character.  The pita was fresh and tasty, but trended a bit towards white bread.  The falafels themselves were okay, as were the other salads and hummus.  The half-a-dozen or so sauce selection was nice.  Overall, not nearly as good as the Maoz veggie dish was, but with Maoz closed, it's no longer an option.

The chicken schwarma hummus bowl was definitely more satisfying, with tasty, lightly crisped bits of chicken over a spread of hummus and salads, covered with a combo of sauces and accompanied by the fresh pita.

Going during off hours or ordering online seem like good ways to avoid the midday long lines and getting your meal quickly.  

It's pricey compared to its nearby competitors, but if you need a quick meal and plan it right, the convenience may be worth it.
Came here with my friend for lunch on a weekday.. got in around 11:50 and the line moved super fast.

I got a bowl with hummus and chicken.. it was sooooo good. Pita was fresh and the portion size was big. I must say the prices were a bit high but its super fresh ingredients so I guess that's the trade off.

I am definitely coming back here for lunches during the week!!
Visited 2x recently. I would have given 5 stars based on first visit but visit no. 2 was a bit disappointing. I ordered 2 pitas and the man behind the counter repeated "You want 2?" Yes. Got home with only one. Also I ordered the same meal both times and visit no 2's plate gave me an absurd amount of pickles - I mean really ridiculous could have filled a jar-- and none of the sumac onions that should be part of the platter I ordered- although I did see them behind the counter with all the other salads. Visit no 1 resulted in falafels fried right as I ordered them - 2nd visit's were sitting around a bit. I might try again, as the baba and hummus are tasty- I'll hope for a 5 star visit like my first time.
Solid lunch option. I had a debilitating addiction for this place for months. Get there early if your intent is a weekday lunch because the line gets out of control shortly after noon. The food is spectacular and incredibly filling. Yeah, it's a chain. It's basically Middle Eastern Chipotle. Not a bad thing. Need to go back but went too hard on Naf Naf for too long. Try the shkug.
I don't get it, theres so much hype surrounding this place so I had my hopes up really high. I'm a big fan or hummus and rice bowls so I was naturally super excited for this. I'm also a fan of pita chip so if this was even close to similar it would be a winner in my eyes. I did an online order and went to pick it up. The place was really busy. Anyways, fast forward to when I actually tried my food. My chicken shawarma was dry and chewy. The hummus tastes like sabra store bought hummus and the whole bowl is wayyyyy too salty. I tried to distinguish it to a single item but it was really just the whole bowl. I felt like the sauces were thinner as well and I didn't taste any tahini and I honestly don't think they put any in my bowl. Honestly it was a salty mess. It's a solid no from me.
I always get a rice bowl...no hummus no baba just rice chicken, sumac onions, chopped salad, garlic sauce, sometimes I want the other sauces but it's rare (I hate the mango stuff), the pita comes with it... so you might as well get the bowl instead of the sandwich... I worked here for 2 weeks at the KOP location a few years back and I must say I loved how clean they are, how serious they are about fresh food, the growth of the company, Hiaro (I think that's his name) being a great GM? RM? For opening the Malvern location...  and over all the background of the company. 

This location specifically though is quick, clean, clean bathrooms(dramatically long bathroom code... but I understand why lol) and has amazing eye candy .
If you've ever walked past here on any given weekday, you'll see a long line within the store, sometimes it's out the door. Why? They have a solid product. But honestly, I don't mess with that line. Use the app! Plus you get points towards rewards, especially on Wednesdays: double points days.

I usually go with either a hummus or a rice bowl. The hummus bowl doesn't look like much, but more often than not, I have a tough time finishing it. The hummus is delicious, very creamy, flavorful. I prefer the chicken over the steak, which as other yelpers have said seems to be on the dry side. Gotta get the green s'khug sauce for a nice hit of spice. (It's the green one). For you thrill seekers, get the harissa (red) hot sauce and be prepared with a bucket or water or milk to dump all over yourself too cool your tongue and the rest of your body down from that mistake you just made. The falafel is also nice. Crispy on the outside, moist and not dry on the inside. Important. 

I don't even like lentils and their lentil soup made me a believer in it. So if you're not super hungry, you can get the lentil soup and an order of the fries, which are more like hearty potato chips and you're set. Don't forget the pita, which does taste what you would imagine a cloud tastes like.
Totally delicious, fresh, and flavorful falafel bowl made for a great dinner a few weeks ago.

A friend and I went around 5:30 on a Wednesday night and they were out of falafel, so they made some fresh for us - warm, crispy, flavorful....mmmmm. All of the veggies & toppings were delicious. I loved the variety of sauces. The hummus was decent and the pita was nice and fluffy.

The fresh falafel took a while, but ultimately it was totally worth it.
Naf fries.. don't think, just get em. 

Typically I would add this as a tip but I am not sure what happened to that feature. All I gotta say is, Naf fries are awesome, especially when they aren't busy and they're made fresh to order. I would suggest having them add it to the pita bag as opposed to Naf's typical fry container as they'll get steamed and mushy when they're jammed in the original container. If you're feeling especially fat, ask for a side of garlic sauce and eat it with the fries. Super bomb!
Disappointing on so many levels. 

My husband and I decided to try since we live around the corner. From the moment we walked in the staff were unwelcoming.  We asked if use could put our food in a to go bag, and the man actually rolled his eyes at us after reluctantly giving us one. We could not figure out why they were being so rude. Not to mention we were the only customers there. 

The food was nothing I would go back for. The chicken was room temperature and stale which kind of ruined the bowl. 

Overall would not recommend.
Just NOT good.  The carts on every corner---and the sauces--are much more flavorful. In fact, I tried my best but could not distinguish any difference between any of the flavors.  The chicken is salty but there is really no other spice balance.  In addition, both hot sauces have no variation in flavor--very little vinegar to balance out.  The yogurt sauce takes like nothing.  The only topping that varied the flavor even slightly--were the pickles--I liked these.  Crunchy and tart.  But even they weren't enough to liven up the dish.  
Pita was awful--a doughy mess that tasted like wonder bread.  The whole bowl tasted like different textures with no flavor.
Fortunately for me this is right near work and has become my favorite go to place for lunch! I get the salad bowl which comes with a delicious and warm piece of pita bread on the side. You will very rarely see me choose chicken over steak, let alone lamb, so the fact that I get the chicken here really speaks to how good it is. I choose all the toppings because how could you not - red cabbage, shredded onions with seasoning, cucumber and tomato salad, and my personal favorite the pickles - which are seriously some of the best pickles I have ever had. The sauces I have tried are all great, the tahini and the garlic sauce are really yummy and I also like the green sauce, but warning it is a bit spicy! Just recently had the fries for the first time, they are more potato wedges than fries and are great, especially when they are freshly made and hot.
Solid find! Very filling with plenty of fresh ingredients and falafel. They cook everything fresh and generously stack the ingredients into every bowl. Their bundled offer of +$3.50 for a drink plus fries is a good deal especially if you're hungry 

Their hummus and tehina are my favorite ingredients. Don't miss out!
I popped in here for lunch this week and the lines were a little insane- as in snaking out the door, however they do a great job keeping it moving and get everyone in and out.
 You can order online, but it was a nice day and I decided to take the short one block walk to the restaurant. The queue line is set up like the majority of all made to order restaurants, read the ingredients, decide the base and add the toppings! simple, fast paced and efficient.
I've eaten here twice now and my go to dish is the steak swarma salad bowl with white rice, sumac onions, garlic and s' khug sauce. The portion is very filling and the pita bread that comes with it is freshly mail daily. (You can actually see this being made while waiting in line)
Also, the naf fries are excellent.
There are tables available in the front of the restaurant if you don't want to haul your food back to the office.
All in all, both my visits here have been great, I will be adding this place to my weekly lunch rotation.
Worst place to order food. Horrible customer service and food. Never again!!
This was a very nice fast food Mediterranean option! They have a bunch of different ways to customize your bowl or pita sandwich. A great array of sauces and fresh veggies. 

Each entree comes with a pita as well.
