The Vietnamese food here will change your life. Seriously. You'll sell all of your possessions, shave your head, and chant at random times during the day. The stuff is heaven. 

That being said, the dish to get at Nam Phuong is the Ba Vi Platter ($24).

A large round plate assembled with crisp lettuce leaves, sprigs of mint and basil, along with cool English cucumber slices and thinly sliced, slightly pickled carrots and daikon radish. A bed of vermicelli sat on the other side topped with shrimp mousse grilled on sugarcane(1), house-made pork sausage(2) and a bundle of ground beef wrapped in grape leaves, then grilled(3). Absolutely delish.

The pho, bun bo hue, goi cuon, and banh xeo are also all equally high-end compared to other Vietnamese restaurants in the city.

If you have to ask about the service, you've obviously not been to a lot of authentic Vietnamese places. They shout "What you want" and if you don't have an answer within three seconds, they'll probably give you the death stare and walk away, returning fifteen minutes later, begrudgingly, to let you continue your order. 

Highly recommended authentic Vietnamese food.
In need of another pho fix and wanting to continue my quest to try every pho place on Washington Ave, I ventured to Nam Phuong.  The beef salad was a great way to start things off, but arrived only a minute or two before our main courses.

Again I went Deluxe Pho, #152, this time only $6.25.  At first, I was disappointed in what I felt was a lack of meat in the pho... until I started to dig in.  I kept being pleasantly surprised by finding more.

Service started out weak but seemed to improve as the meal went on, probably the only negative experience I had at Nam Phuong.  It is highly recommended.
Several people have said that this is the spot on Washington Ave for a great Vietnamese meal. So instead of going with my usual trusted places, I decided to give them a try... 
First off, it's a huge place. Plenty of tables spaced out where youre not back to back or rubbing elbows  with other diners.. 
Service was prompt, but not pushy. Table cloths that were changed after every meal (not the norm, and greatly appreciated). 
A huge menu full of any meal you could think of, and a bar menu for drinks. 
I chose a vermicelli bowl with a combination of different meats and shrimp, and an order of summer rolls. The meal came out pretty quick,  and while it wasn't mind blowing as some have described, it was a decent meal. 
I'd definitely go back for meals in the future...
As a general rule of thumb, products of any category decrease in value when they are broken. A broken smart phone is about as "smart" as that one person who's still hoping to make his fortune on beanie babies. A broken engine turns your car into just another expensive place to store things like old magazines and sweaters you aren't going to wear. A broken spirit loses wars, and a broken heart results in the overproduction of cringe-worthy "emo" music.

...but broken rice? Broken rice is an entirely different story.

With each segment that the individual grains are broken into, the light flavors are able to seep in more delicately, providing a palatable texture, almost like a sexy, Vietnamese take on cous cous. Broken rice is so much more than "just rice," and Nam Phuong has the best in the entire city. I think about it often. Almost as often as "Call Me Maybe" gets stuck in my head. Broken rice dishes are accompanied by expertly grilled meats, with a salad of pickled veggies and a splash of fish sauce to top it off. This spacious establishment is located in the centroid of Philly's Viet hub, so really all of the standard options on their extensive menu (including many for vegetarians!) are authentically solid. Whatever you order, from pho to summer rolls to beef carpaccio, your tummy and taste buds will leave happy.

[But if you ever have any trouble deciding...just go with the broken rice.]
I am a big fan of Vietnamese food - but before Philly I had mostly gone to Viet restaurants that sells the more common dishes: banh mi, pho, vermicelli, egg noodle, fried rice, etc. 

I was so excited to see the Viet restaurants here have more variety. This place especially had many amazing choices. We got the lotus salad instead of the common papaya salad we would usually get. We also ordered shaking beef and clams sautéed in black bean sauce. 

Lotus roots salad: well done dish and looks so aesthetically pleasing with the shrimp chips. The waitress said the papaya salad doesn't come with the shrimp chips, only lotus one. I'm not used to the flavoring of this dish - so wasn't a big fan. Definitely an acquired taste.

Shaking beef (bo luc lac): tastes sooo good, wow I haven't had shaking beef that disappoints. The seasoning is just right - and it pairs so well with the lemon/pepper dipping sauce. This is my new favorite viet dish! 

Clam sautéed in black bean sauce: amazing!! I love clams dishes in Asian cuisines. So flavorful... the black beans are not your typical black beans, they are fermented black soybeans used in most Asian cuisines. (Similar sauce used in Chinese or Korean style black bean sauce noodle - jajangmyeom) 

This place is very spacious, if you have a small party, you won't need to make reservations. However, they also have those family style lazy Susan sitting areas for big groups! If you're coming with a group don't forget to make a reservation!
possibly NO ONE can fathom how much i've complained about the lack of good Vietnamese food in the eastcoast (NYC, for example). i bitch about it constantly in all of my reviews, for starters. =)

i decided to give it a chance and try out Nam Phuong. as per Dave H.'s suggestion... i had a feeling i could trust his advice. i will admit, i had an inkling of doubt on my conscience, though. 

upon entering this establishment... you realize this place is HUGE! they have a nice banquet area and on the other side... a casual dining area. this is a great place for big family/number parties. the servers are swift and the food comes out in heaps of humongous portions. i haven't seen this in years! sh*t you not.... for the same price of the dishes served at Nam Phuong- you would be getting 1/3 of the portion in New York. lame sauce. 

the food looked fresh, smelled magnificent and i just knew i was going to be in pure ecstasy during my meal. 

what is the usual deal maker for me at ANY Vietnamese restaurant? well- the Pho and Goi Cuon (summer rolls with shrimp, vermicelli, basil, bean sprouts)... they HAVE to be on point. the Pho cannot be too greasy, the broth has to look like it's been cooked for hours and reduced (then skimmed of fat), a slight smell of Anise and onion and of course... have that "kind of ghetto" feel to it. that vibe... i tell you, is very hard to explain. however, if you're a regular Pho connoisseur like i am... you TOTALLY know what i'm talkin' abouts.  this is the kind of Pho you'd find in the urban/ghetto areas of Seattle, Vancouver, LA, SF and Houston. the westcoasters know their Pho, yo. now, being that you're in SOUTH PHILLY... oh yeah, they know their ghetto Pho quite well- and i LOVE IT. 

the Goi Cuon (summer roll) was fresh and stuffed full of shrimp and pork. the peanut/hoisin dipping sauce is a perfect addition to the rolls. then, came the Cha Gio (fried spring rolls) and those suckers were addicting! perfection. another staple i always order at Vietnamese places is the Bun aka Vermicelli (thin rice noodles) bowls. we chose the Bun Thit Nuong (grilled pork) and added the Cha Gio to the dish. the bowl was literally bigger than the size of my head. the amount of meat compared to the actual portion of the vermicelli was uncanny. 

overall... this is the reason why i think there is hope for my existence in the east coast. if i really have an aching feeling of good quality Vietnamese food- i could always go to Philly for a weekend and chow down. unfortunately- that means i have to settle with mediocre stuff in NYC. *le sigh*

Dave H.- thank you. =)
I'm Vietnamese so I definitely think I'm a good judge of Vietnamese food, and this place is awesome. I've gotten mostly everything on the menu and it's delicious and affordable. The beef wrapped in grape leaves is bangin, but I would absolutely recommend the dinner for 4 if you come in groups. The pho is below par, not surprisingly though because it's not a pho restaurant. The fish/beef stewed in the clay pot is awesome and a well liked dish by many friends who come to visit me in Philadelphia. 

Great place to start out your Vietnamese cuisine adventure. I'd recommend maybe something traditional like a Com tam suon dac biet-broken rice with marinated pork and egg. A good appetizer would be banh xeo, although better made at home, nam phuong does a great job representing the dish. I'd also order the chao tom -  sugar cane shrimp.

Just order everything. Vietnamese food is light, healthy and refreshing, unlike the other asian food.
Nam Phuong personifies good Vietnamese food on the east coast.

Family and I brunched here some time ago. This is a popular Vietnamese restaurant in - surprise, surprise - South Philadelphia, with decent parking lot (street parking too), large seating capacity, and a conservatively tacky decor. It's not refined, but their true claim to fame is their delicious food, not their interior design.

Service was fast and efficient, taking our orders without issue. They sure dished out a tasty bowl of pho and the we enjoyed the rest of the dishes (shared family-style), including a plate of lotus root salad (totally killer) and a beef cube dish with lettuce and a sweet sauce - the bo luc lac. Recommended if you need a Vietnamese fix!
Nam Phuong was the last Empress of Vietnam.  

Perhaps, it is fitting to name the queen of the Vietnamese houses after her.  She was born too late to enjoy her royalty for very long, and she was denied the privilege of living her life in her native land; dying in relative obscurity in France.  

Her namesake is similar to her in some ways.  The restaurant is large and well run.  Chandeliers suggest a palatial guise, and the servers in black are disciplined, polite and respectful, as you would expect from a royal house. The menu is diverse to appeal to a variety of guests, and the kitchen is skilled in turning out top quality dishes that satisfy those invited to the Emperor's Table. 

Even a solitary traveler such as I was treated with dignified homage. Though a busy night full of families and intriguing couples, I was given a nice table, plenty of time to decide my meal, and graceful delivery, checking on satisfaction, pickup and an offer to desire more before leaving.  I never felt rush by the staff, although the people waiting by the door might have been less patient. 

My Pho with Round Steak and Tripe was excellent, with all fresh trimmings.  The broth was richly complex and a filling bowl at a very reasonable price.  The Summer Rolls were stuffed with fresh Shrimp and Ground Pork, and came with a very good Peanut Dipping Sauce.  As I ate I watched those around me enjoying all the things I wanted to try on my next visit.  

I am not sure that the maxim that a Vietnamese restaurant filled with Vietnamese is a true indication of great food all the time, but it certainly was tonight.  

Nam Phuong, where ever her spirit is now, would be pleased that her name is being so well cared for here in Philadelphia.
This Thursday I am thankful for Nam Phuong. You are always there for our Vietnamese food needs and cravings. I'm sorry I did not appreciate you more before the pandemic. 

While some restaurants are temporarily closed, and others closing at 8pm, your hours of operation remain the same, 10am to 10pm. We could always rely on you for a late night dinner run, knowing that the most delicious foods would be sitting there waiting for us at pick up. 

Just wanted to give you a big shout out and say thank you from the bottom of my heart. #ThankyouThursday
Go for the Pho, stay for the adorable asian children that are always there.

They also have a full bar and decently priced drinks. 

Around Chinese New Year, you may be lucky and get a free awesome asian calendar.

Extensive menu.

Recently tried something new: the Ba Vi Platter: it involved tiny rice wrappers (with your own soaking station), sausages, shrimp, noodles, veggies (carrots, cukes, radish, mint, lemongrass, basil), and little lemongrass leave wrapped beef clusters and it was SO GOOD. huge though. it says to share with two but could have easily fed 3.

Cheap!
Ok, I am sorry to rain on everyone's parade, but I am just not that impressed with this place or Pho in general. I have had it in the past and didn't really care for it, but I decided to go back to Nam Phuong last weekend. The summer roll was great, and I loved the peanut sauce. But my mission was to love Pho, and I just couldn't. I thought the flank steak would be a safe bet. It came out looking like tripe, in huge sheets. It was pale, gray and rubbery. Meh. The broth was okay, but the star anise is so prevalent, that I found it sort of off-putting. I know ALOT of people who love Pho, and Nam Phuong, but I have to say, give me the hand-drawn noodle house ANY time over Pho. I am quite an adventurous eater, but I am not going to be impressed with food simply because it is cheap and served in large portions.
This place seems really popular. It's quite spacious but was pretty packed when we came. There's a small parking lot, and we were pretty lucky to have found a spot just as someone was leaving; otherwise, I could imagine spending a good 10-15 minutes looking around for street parking. 

Service is really good. Food came out fast. They have a bunch of waiters who always seemed to be hard at work bringing out the dishes or refilling the waters. We got the Ca Kho To - stewed in pottery pot ($11.5), which was pretty good but I think it wasn't cooked all the way for the sauce to gel to a nice consistency. Otherwise it's pretty flavorful. The sweet and sour shrimp soup ($13.5) was also pretty good and always complements the former dish well. Wish they'd pack it with more shrimp/vegetables than what we got.
As a Viet person I would highly recommend this place.

Ambiance:  loud and boisterous.  Good for family meals but not romantic dinners.
Service: ok typical for Asian places, you have to flag them down a lot

Food
- Triple delight Banh Hoi:  It's $30 but portions are huge and you won't regret it.  This dish is what they are known for.  It comes with rice paper, 3 types of meat (shrimp, pork and beef wrapped in grape leaves) and lotsa veggies.  You mix this together and form your own spring roll.  It is heavenly with the dipping sauce. 

- Fish in clay pot: so tender and flavorful!
- Beef cubes:  so simple yet they do a great job here.  Dip it in lemon lime sauce and it's heavenly
- Flat noodles with beef: this appetizer is awesome.  It's  flat white noodles filled with beef and mushrooms.  Pour veggies and fish sauce over and it pops with flavor.
- Sour soup with chicken: very fragrant and yummy.

Parking: free in big lot

Overall would definitely continue to eat here.  The food is very flavorful and authentic.
i've eaten here on several occasions and it's always been consistently good. whether it's the pho, the grilled pork chops with broken rice, or the family-style chinese dishes, this place has it all on their extensive menu. 

they definitely excel better in their vietnamese food than when they try to dabble in other asian flavors, but i've never had anything bad per se.

all in all, a good option for a filling and cheap lunch/dinner along washington ave. the place is also huge, which almost guarantees that you'll be seated and served quickly.
I had a very solid lunch experience at Nam Phuong with lots of hospitality. As soon as I walked in, I was immediately greeted, sat down, and given a menu with an extensive list of food options. After looking it over I ordered the fried pork lumpia and an order of their seafood rice. Whew, it was just what I needed after not eating all day. 

The lumpia was smack, I don't know what they seasoned the meat with, but I almost ordered another order to go they were that good.  And as for the rice, I love that they were not stingy with the meat; lots of shrimp, scallops, and crabmeat. After I hooked it up with some vinegar, chili oil, and sweet chili sauce, I was sitting quite right.

Overall, Nam Phuong serves up really good Vietnamese food with hospitable service. Definitely stop by if you're in the South Philly area.
Ahhh now I know I can survive in Philly!  This place tastes almost like back at home. :)

I'm so glad to see that there is an authentic Vietnamese restaurant that is cheap and delicious here. This place has a bit of everything in Vietnamese cuisine, including from Bun Bo Hue, Bun Thit Nuong, and Com Tam. Personally, I've tried the My Tho and Com Tam and liked both.

Portions are big and so is the restaurant. Should be easy to accommodate large parties. Enjoy!

Oh, and there is a $15 minimum to credit card charges.
Unfortunately for my boyfriend and friends, I will never be sick of this restaurant. Every single thing that they make is delicious. Probably go there about once a week if possible (which it normally is). The pho is always great and the menu is huge for non-pho lovers. If you are a meat eater and not squeamish, try the raw beef in lime juice salad for an appetizer (#116) - lettuce, cilantro, onion, lime juice, peanuts, and meat that is only slightly cooked from the acidity of the lime juice (ceviche style). It is phenomenal.

The only downside to the restaurant is the parking situation. It shares a lot with an apparently very popular Asian grocery store - on weekend afternoons, don't even bother with the lot at all, just find street parking. We have been stuck there for 20 minutes at a time with people idling with groceries and menacing each other for parking spots.

I have tried tons and tons of Vietnamese restaurants and this one is by far the best.
holy batman fast. I don't know how they did it. I asked for a noodle dish and it came out literally 5 minutes later. I had barely finished pouring tea for the table and checking in on Yelp when the steaming hot plate of food came out. I got a seafood dish which sort of expectedly had imitation crab meat and lobster in it. I gotta find myself a fancy asian restaurant that doesn't serve imitation seafood so I can finally give 5 stars to a asian restaurant.
Just in general the service was attentive and they were fast to seat us, grab our orders and have us fed and happy. It's a large place so it's definitely good for good groups. 
Sidenote: I always swear by how "authentic" an asian restaurant is by seeing the ratio of asian peeps to non-asian peeps (is that racist? i hope not. geez. but i'm half asian so that's okay right?). Anyway, this place has a lot of non-asian peeps because it must have really peaked in popularity and word has spread. For sort of hole-in-the-wall places like this (meaning not super fancy) I like the scale tipped in the other direction... So that's my two yen. Ok no more jokes.
This was one of the best and most pleasant dining experiences I've ever had. The service was attentive and fast. The food was delicious and always came at the perfect time. We did the family style dinner for 4 people and my god, the value was amazing. We were stuffed but we couldn't stop until we finished everything. My favorite was the fish stewed in pottery pot. Would definitely come back with a bigger group just to do more family style dinners!!
I have been going to Nam Phuong for close to 20 years. I don't usually exclusively go here, but I think I started going here less and less when the flavour quality seemed to go down (that was about 15 years ago). I started going back here few years ago and realized if you stick with the stereotypical dishes ie broken rice, rice vermicelli bowl, and pho you will most definitely enjoy good food. Other dishes seem hit or miss. Today we ordered Bo Luc Lac and it was good, but felt something was missing. I think I enjoyed Bo Luc Lac at Nam Phuong in Ardmore. Ground beef wrapped in grape leaves seemed drier than usual and kind of flavourless; vegetarian crepe was a bit disappointment, once again lacked flavour. Salt and pepper squid was pretty delicious - really yummy with shredded lettuce and sliced jalapeños! 

Service here is okay. Depending on the day, time, and the servers you get good to mediocre service. I will still give this place a 4 star rating because it is still a good restaurant. Nam Phuong is also a good place if you have a large group (make sure you make reservation) because they have the space to accommodate large groups, and they also have group menus. It is in the 11th and Washington Ave shopping center so depending on the day and time you go you will have to fight your way finding a parking spot here. Usually weeknights are pretty good; week day lunchtime gets a bit busy, and avoid Sundays at all cost.
Nam Phuong, what has become of my beloved? I started coming here eight years ago when I first moved to South Philly, and I was a regular for years - I mean, for three of those years I lived a block away!

It had been a while and I made a fun girl date here with the lovely Sari A last night. It's probably been about two years since I've visited, since I moved to the burbs. It is clear there have been changes in the kitchen.

I ordered one of my usual favourites, the chicken with lemongrass coconut curry, and an order of spring rolls. The spring rolls were OK, but the filling had been poorly mixed so I got these odd bites that were entirely starchy mush. Definitely not what they once were. The chicken dish was completely different - the sauce didn't have the peppery kick of real fresh lemongrass like it once did, and tasted like it was pre-packaged rather than house made. The chicken quality also wasn't as good, and it was skimpy on the glass noddles which used to be abundant to soak up all that delicious sauce. Again, it was OK, certainly edible, but nothing like I remembered it.

Sari ordered a chicken vermicelli bowl, which looked good but again, looked different than it used to. The chicken looked like it had been purchased pre-filetted and marinated, and the noodles are thicker than they once were.

So disappointing :'(
I've been going to this restaurant for over 10 years and I love their food every time. Used to eat Bun Mam all the time! And recently had canh chua shrimps and ca kho to twice. It's very good each time. 
It's in a busy strip so parking can be a pain most of the time. 
Service is too notch. Had been that awesome this 10+ years experience. 
It's a very busy place so the noise level is high.
A decent pho spot in Philly. I usually get the Bo Luc Lac which is a flank steak served with a side of watercress and white rice. Very juicy and I usually tell them to undercook it slightly to make it closer to medium rare. Paired with the white rice, it tastes amazing.

They do have dine in and the restaurant is big so social distancing is not a issue here.
Oh shit! This place is awesome, I can't believe I'd never been before. 

I came here with my dragon boat team post-practice on Saturday, and the place is so big that they sat 30 of us no problem. We split into three tables, one that ordered family style (mine) and two that ordered separately (mostly pho). I've heard that the pho here is great, but I'm really happy that I sat at the table that ordered family style. There were 11 at our table and we ordered summer rolls and the meal that serves 8, and it was SO MUCH FOOD! We ended up finishing it all but I think that's only because we had just come from dragon boat practice. This could probably feed like 12-13 people. 

The food: summer roles, spring rolls, sweet and sour shrimp soup, fish stewed in a clay pot, country style beef cubes, clam sautéed with black bean sauce , water spinach with garlic, salt and pepper squid, house made jello cakes. All of it was great, but especially notable were:

Summer roles: (which are DIY) have tons of meat and fresh veggies: Vietnamese sausage, beef, thai basil, carrots, tofu patties with sugar cane, etc. We'd lift up a spring of basil or lettuce and find EVEN MORE meat (we were probably more excited about this than the average people would be. So much meat!) 

Papaya Salad with shrimp, pork, and ground peanut (plus shrimp chips): A bit spicy but very fresh and flavorful

Sweet and sour shrimp soup: very light and simple with lots of different veggies (also a bit spicy). This was a nice change of pace because most of the other dishes we got were heavy. 

Catfish stewed in a clay pot: I didn't love this dish but it was a lot of other peoples' favorite of the meal. (I tend to think catfish tastes a bit too muddy). 

Country style beef cubes: A little salty, a little sweet, and really really yummy.

Clam sautéed with black bean sauce: This was definitely my favorite, really umami.
Second experience here and they got me suckered in major; saw improvements in both their overall service and food.

This time around I ordered  #182. Mi Xao Don Thap Cam which is made up of: crispy egg noodles topped with sauteed shrimp, chicken, scallop, squids, and mix veggies. I was definitely impressed by the topping to noodle ratio they gave. Most places would skimp on the toppings and increase the amount of noodles. Here, they actually gave you a relatively equal portion of each,  And no, they did not reduce the size of the place. The plate was actually pretty ginormous! Nonetheless I still managed to wipe the plate clean because it was that good and satisfying! (:

Staff members were very patient, helpful and attentive! Restroom was relatively clean, menu prices were fairly friendly with a wide assortment of options to choose from.They also have a Daily Special Menu as well for all you folks who might be tired of the usual menu options.

First time I went here was for lunch, and I didn't walk out as happy as I thought I would from all the positive hypes I initially read. Likewise, I decided to give this place a second try but for dinner instead and I was more than satisfied. Man, now you guys got me craving to go back after writing up this review update.
There's nothing quite like a pho meal. A great pho offers an earthy broth while maintain body. You always judge a pho by its broth. You know when other restaurants or main stream Vietnamese places take short cuts. Lucky for me, Nam Phuoung does pho justice. 

The best part is when you look at the pho (noodle) section, you realize there is an extensive selection. I had to get the pho with a bit of everything (tripe, beef, balls and etc). A delicious meal that filled me up. 

A great meal at Nam Phoung.
I came here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon with a group of 6 people.  The place was huge and great for large groups.  You definitely don't have to worry about social distancing here during COVID-19 times.  Their menu was quite large compared to other Vietnamese restaurants.  We ordered the beef pho, crispy egg noodles topped with tofu & mixed vegetables, and the house special rice vermicelli bowl (spring rolls/meatballs/charbroiled chicken/shrimp).  The beef pho was pretty small for what it was.  There weren't that many toppings.  The crispy noodles were fresh, hot, and crispy.  The vermicelli bowl had a lot of toppings and was delicious.  I would probably skip the beef pho but get the vermicelli bowl next time.  Service was very fast and friendly.  It was a decent place but I feel like there are better Vietnamese places (Pho 75 and Pho Ha) in the area.
I'm always here yet I never review. I'm so terrible.

I love Nam Phuong! There are so many food items that I could write about but I guess I'll just start with my most recent meal. 

- Bo Luc Lac: Yummy! One of those dishes that I order almost every single time I'm there.
-Ground Shrimp - Sugarcane w/ Rice Paper: A great starter! It's just so so tasty. 
-Pho Tai: It was decent, but not something I would think to order here. My friend wanted it so I decided to give it a try.

Come here if you want cheap authentic Viet food. Until next time...
From tasty spring rolls and the most sacred broth of the gods that is pho, to slamming Vietnamese seafood and vegetarian dishes, Nam Phuong is a destination that  delivers a well rounded assortment of vibrant dishes.

I give a 4 because sometimes I have encountered a bit of a disconnect. Once when I ordered the amazing an action packed deluxe pho with slices of round steak, flank, brisket, tendon, tripe, and beef balls; I was devastated to find a bowl with just round steak due to the waiter getting the number wrong. But even with such foibles I've hardly been able to complain due to their pho being an easy contender for best in Philly at such a bargain price.

But even if your not into pho you can go there and savor everything from broken rice, pan fried noodles, congee, and more. some standouts that I've enjoyed when I decided to take a break from the sacredness have included, Vietnamese crepes with tofu & vegetables, seafood curry, and the spicy chicken w/ lemongrass; as well as plenty of their specials. No matter what you go with here its a win that will leave you fulfilled.
This used to be my favorite restaurant for 10+ years. In the past few years, the owner is the same but chefs must have changed a few times. 

You can always judge a restaurant but how many native people dining in it. It went from having predominantly Vietnamese diners to mostly non-Vietnamese. 

I'm kinda sad since this used to be my go to place for Ba Vi, Bun Chao Tom (the chao tom are skimpy and thin in past few years), bun Vit, and now it's not the same.
This is basically my benchmark for what good Vietnamese food is. Ridiculously fresh ingredients, cheap, lightning fast. It is clean but it is not the ritz so far as decor but I go for the Mouth Party not for the chandeliers and grandeur. I've tried a pretty wide range of traditional dishes, including the Bánh Hi (make your own rice paper wraps with vermicelli/herbs/lettuce/pork/shrimp/pickled carrots/cukes/etc), bún (vermicelli salad bowls), and broken rice platters, plus their amazing crepes and spring rolls for appetizers. Somehow I have not tried any of their soups yet, which is baffling, considering how many times I've been here. To be amended when the weather chills out a bit. Service is always fast and without issue, though rarely the same single person takes care of us from beginning to end of the meal. And since it is huge inside, there is never a wait. 

I am guilty of spying on other people's platters trying to figure out what they've ordered. Inevitably it looks like nothing described on the menu. Must learn more! Must eat more! There is still time!
This place is always crowded. I mean, PACKED. I have never been to this place at a time when it was not absolutely TEEMING with people. I think this is a good sign.

First of all, the noise from the crowd covers up the really cheesy synth music they always have playing in the background. Second of all, I think this place is always busy because the food is GOOD.

The spring rolls, summer rolls, sauteed green beans, chicken with lemongrass and curry and PHO, oh the pho, are all excellent! I am a sucker for pho, and this place has some of the best I've tasted. I always take people here when they come to visit me.
Nam Phuong is the best Vietnames restaurant to get delicious, authentic fresh, clean, Vietnamese dishes outside of the trinity of Pho, spring rolls, and Viet haogies. Try: 
- Bo Luc Lac (Beef Cubes over watercress) 
- Fish in clay pot 
- Lotus salad

And the best..... 
- Appetizer platter (HUGE platter with shrimp, pork, beef wrapped in grape leaves and assorted veggies and herbs for you to wrap in rice paper)

Parking during the weekends is pretty atrocious, as all of south philly seems to come here for lunch/dinner.
Tried Nam Phuong again & it's better than I'd previously thought, in the sense that there are at least a couple of good dishes in addition to the not-so-good dishes. 

GOOD

**** The Bo luc lac (#280 country style beef cubes) was a favourite: very flavourful beef cubes served on raw watercress. Beef was very tender and cooked perfectly.

***^ Do-it-yourself Vermicelli wraps with charbroiled pork (#121 Thit Nuong) were good & the pork was flavourful. This dish includes all the materials to make your own "summer rolls" including the wraps (& water to soften them), rice vermicelli, lettuce, pickled vegetables, fresh herbs, grilled pork & dipping sauce.

***^ Dessert Flan / Egg Custard (#023 banh flan) was quite nice, with a smooth supple texture.


OKAY

**^ Papaya salad with shrimp & pork (#110 goi dudu tom thit) was fine, though nothing special.

*** Water spinach with garlic (#265 rau muong xao toi) was not especially good, but it was okay.

**^ Fried banana dessert with ice cream (#029 chuoi chien & kem) was not bad. The banana inside was soft, but the outside was thick and not very crispy. Ice cream was mostly chocolate with a bit of strawberry & not the best flavour to go with the fried banana.

*** Vietnamese Coffee or Iced Coffee with Condensed Milk (#004 cafe sua da) was fine.  Everyone seemed to enjoy it.

NOT RECOMMENDED

*^ Eggplant sauteed with lemongrass (#263 ca tim ao xa ot) was bland, but the eggplant texture was fine. The vegetables that were fried in with the eggplant didn't suit the dish.

*^ Spare ribs with ginger sauce (#272 suon ram gung) were so-so. Some pieces were extremely tough and overcooked while others were more edible, though still not great. 

^ Chicken sauteed with curry, lemongrass, coconut (#273 ga xao lan) was generally bland and unappetizing. Chicken breast was overcooked. Curry sauce was flavourless.


SUMMARY
Service was very good, quick & helpful.

I'd come back for the Bo luc lac & perhaps try some new dishes. The Vermicelli wraps with chargrilled pork were also good. I'd stay away from any chicken, though, since it seems consistently bad here (see previous review).


Note: I used ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars.
This was a random yelp choice. I was looking for cheap and Asian, and something we hadn't tried.

We walked into a cavernous space that quickly filled after we were seated.

The service was prompt and helpful. F wanted a big soup bowl with noodles. The server suggested the sirloin steak bowl with rice noodles. I ordered the crispy rice noodles with vegetables and tofu. We also got and appetizer of summer rolls. Everything was good, not great. But you can't beat the  $20 price.
I love this place! First of all, it's huge! It's not very intimate since it's pretty open. It has more of a family feel to it. There are plenty of tables to host a large gathering. The menu covers a wide array of Vietnamese cuisines. The service was friendly, fast and efficient. 
  
For food, I got to try the Goi Cuon and Bo Bia spring rolls. They were fresh and tightly rolled. Entree, I had the Com Tam (broken rice) with grilled pork. The portion was HUGE and I love it! The dish came with egg meatloaf, shredded pork skin and fresh veggies. My favorite was the egg meatloaf--soft, well seasoned and the flavors just melted in my mouth. 

Nam Phuong is definitely the place to go for Vietnamese food. I'm super picky when it comes to Viet food, but this place definitely deserves all 5 stars!
I'm not a Vietnamese cuisine connoisseur by any means, but this place was yummy and VERY cheap. I ordered the broken rice with the pork chop (comes with egg, some sort of quiche, fish noodles? i have no clue)...I think it's com tam dac biet I have no idea. It was tasty for the most part, wasn't quite digging the noodles. But they really do give you a lot of food for maybe $6. 

I've heard a lot of good things about Nam Phuong so I'll probably be back more often to sample other dishes.
so- i come back 2 years later and what do i think? 

it's still one of the BEST Pho/Vietnamese joints i've been to on the east coast. no doubts about it. i've been craving this stuff forever and would whine, beg and cry to come back to Philly just to eat here. low and behold- it happened!!!

the service is impeccable here. they make sure you have everything at your table, how your meal is, how EVERYTHING is. customer service is very important to me- and this is a restaurant who extremely cares about their customers. i've never had this kind of experience from a Vietnamese restaurant before. i know that sounds kind of a back-handed compliment, but it just means that Nam Phuong surpasses every negative thing i've thought about regarding these type of places. 

our spring rolls were perfection. it was so good that we ordered 3 more servings to go for Ron C.- who was arriving in Philly just 1 hour after we were. what was his verdict??? well, he finished it all. happily. lol. 

i can't wait for the next time i'm in Philly to satisfy my craving. until then, it's mediocre Pho for me in NYC. =(
I know everyone goes to what I lovingly refer to as "Little Vietnam" to get soul warming bowls of Pho, but I go to Nam Phuong with a mission for Salt and Pepper Softshell Crabs. The summer rolls are awesome for an app, but if you're willing to do a little more work for your meat and want to try something different go for the quail. Be careful for the little bones as they can pop up when you least expect it, but it's so worth it.

Don't get me wrong, the Pho is good. The broth is flavorful although the beef can sometimes be way more on the fatty side than usual. The greens are fresh and the noodles are always perfect. I honestly don't go the way of the tripe but my more adventurous friends have assured me it's great. The coconut drink is a curious bright purple, but who cares? It's amazing!

With the cold season coming up head down to Nam Phuong for a bowl of Vietnamese penicillin upon your first sniffle or sneeze. You'll be amazed how one steaming bowl can clear up your winter funk!
Of all the Vietnamese restaurants I've eaten at in my nearly 3 years living out east, Nam Phuong is only the second place that I can truly say I'm a fan of; the other place is in Northern Virginia. I ate here with family, and within 10 minutes, more than half of all the tables were occupied; we walked in when only three were taken at the time.

FOOD:
Summer Roll w/ Pork and Shrimp ($3.50): The goi cuon here is good, and the accompanying peanut sauce is rich and tasty, but the rolls themselves are so small!

Bun Bo Hue ($8.95): Flavorful, spicy, and really good! Most Vietnamese restaurants I've eaten at don't include pork blood cakes, so I was stoked to see a few large pieces mixed in. The broth is perfectly spicy and doesn't have a strong fish sauce taste, while the sliced meat and gio heo were plentiful and tender.

My table also ordered Pho Dac Biet ($9.75) and Com Tam Thit Nuong ($8.95). I haven't compared it to the other popular place across Wing Phat Plaza, but the pho here is fantastic. The broth is flavorful, the variety of sliced meat and tripe included were plentiful, and the noodle-to-meat ratio was on point. As for the Com Tam, the serving was just as generous. Everything--from the cha trung to the pork skin and marinated sliced pork--was delicious.

PRICE and SERVICE:
Everything we ordered was ready and served within 8 minutes. Service was standard/borderline indifferent. Menu items are reasonably priced, and the serving is generous.

I'd definitely come back for the BBH, but the Bun Rieu (with blood cakes, hopefully) will most likely be my next order here. The banh hoi also looks really good, particularly the Ba Vi set for 2 people.
So let's be clear-- I'm from Brooklyn and work in Manhattan. This place is in Philly. My family and I travel 100 miles (to be exact) for their Bun Bo Hue and Bun Rieu. 

It's that good. 

My parents are your typical, finicky, OG Vietnamese peeps that make it their lively hood to find great Bun Bo Hue, Bo La Lot, and other assorted Viet dishes. (Yeah, I said Viet. :-)  ) It's very hard to find a place where I don't hear both Mummy and Father complain about the food, cost, portion size, blah blah blah, etc... Thankfully, I hear no complaints about Nam Phuong as we are often postulating, during the ride to Philly, on what dishes we are to get and then devour.  

Needless to say, I really heart this place. Not to say I don't love me a good bowl of Pho (which they really do make a really good Pho) but obscure Vietnamese noodle soups have a special place in my heart and this establishment fulfills my craving. 

I hope you'll love it as much as I will!
This place was absolutely huge and packed last night so maybe I'm missing something here as I only got the grilled lemongrass chicken vermicelli to go.  It was inedible.  Mushy, watery noodles, dried out bad tasting chicken.  Disgusting.
We came here on a whim when we found out our favorite go to Vietnamese restaurant had closed its doors. We immediately looked on Yelp for recommendations and it looked like Nam Phuong was a safe bet, so we placed our takeout order and drove over to pick up. 10 minutes later, our order was packed and waiting for us. Back at home, we unpacked all the food, including spring and summer rolls that we ordered, which were delicious and authentic. As for the bun bo hue, it was loaded with pig blood, pig feet, fish cake, literally everything you could ask for, but...it just wasn't spicy... it wasn't a bad bun bo hue per se but it would've been better if it was spicy.
Love this icon!  They have the widest selection and literally everything is good!  Be sure to try the bun cha hanoi if they have it - the nuoc cham marinade is one of the best that I have had in Seattle, NY, and Phila.  The bun riue is also very solid but the noodles are the thin ones - I am still searching for the thick noodle version after my old standby closed.  The staff are friendly and kind - I left my cell phone and went back for it and the owner had it tucked away and ready for me to pick up (after the expected poking fun - yes I am a klutz).

If you have not been here, put it on the calendar!
My third time at Nam Phuong, and the first disappointing one. Ordered the canh with fish and the pho. The canh was ok but a bit heavy on the fish sauce. The pho was awful: overcooked noodles, little broth, watered down-like the pot was nearly empty so they had to add filler.

We got there at 9 (it closes at 10) and the staff were busy closing down the place, talking on their cellphones, etc. The table next to us was complaining that the staff were closing up around them.

I'd definitely go back, but consistency is important.
A cautionary tale for any thinking of doing take out: 

If you're home sick recovering from a particularly nasty cold (not swine flu) and your hubby gets take out pho from Nam Phuong for you, and you happen to really like housin sauce in said pho... look first, before you dump the take out container of sauce into your soup. Because there may just be sriracha in that housin sauce, and you may not notice until you've slopped a big mouthful of noodles in your mouth. And you may then feel like your face has blown off... but your stuffy nose might just be cleared =P

Still my favorite place for pho, perfect place for a damn-i-don't-feel-like-cooking lets-a-cheap-dinner night. I just specifically ask for sriracha-free housin now. Live and learn.
Just in case no one has caught on yet, Nam Phuong has switched owners some time in the past few months.  I didn't think there would be such a noticeable decline in their food so soon after the change.  The original Nam Phuong team has permantly moved to the other smaller Nam Phuong, now renamed Nam Son.  (16th and Washington)

I never thought the smaller Nam Phuong/ Nam Son was that great but since the change, the food there has gotten a lot better.  They have Vietnamese hoagies there, which is a definite plus.  Actually, the menu is almost the same as the Original NP with a few more items.  However, it is a smaller restaurant, in a shadier neighborhood, with no liquor license.  But hey....it could be the Vietnamese Tiffin.  I guess it depends on your priorties, better food or bigger restaurant.

The service in both places is spotty however.  Neither the new owners nor the old owners have figured out how to correct this issue.  You get what you pay for I suppose.
God, I want to give this place 6 stars. 

Not too much on decor here. It is your standard eatery with cheesy floral appointments and soothing elevator music versions of today's hits and yesterday's favorites. 

But... the food. is. bizangin!  We've been going to Nam Phuong for a couple of years and I almost hesitate to review it because I don't want it trampled over by the hipsterrazi. 

For about 11 bucks a person, you can get a lovely appetizer and delicious entree from almost anywhere on the menu. Their bowl of Pho is perfectly hot and never greasy. My favorite dish is Bun Thit Nuong - a vermicelli salad combo with pork. It's light, tangy and so delicious, I will have to have it for dinner because I can't write about it and not get it!

My favorite waiter likes to try his English out on us and sometimes dances a jig table side to get us to laugh. 

TL;DR It's really a great place and if you're comfortable going somewhere new in your search for dinner, this is the place to off-road. Interestingly delicious dishes priced for everyone to add adventure to your plate.
I have been on such a Pho kick lately and I am so delighted that there are so many great places in my neighborhood. In most Pho places I feel like I'm eating in a sauna / cafeteria. Nam Phuong is a real restaurant with carpet and individual tables (not like the long mess-hall style tables in most Pho places). I like that. The Pho is amazing and the staff make you feel like you're part of their family. When I was ordering I said something like "I'll have number 10" and the waiter said "you don't want number 10, you want number 11" and I laughed and went with his recommendation. I will come here many more times in the future, much love to Nam Phuong.
I've been to Nam Phuong a few times and have never been disappointed with  my meal.  I usually end  up here when I'm in the mood for Pho, but whom ever I'm with isn't.  

They have a pretty extensive menu offering several vegetarian and non-vegetarian options, all your regular Pho varieties, and of course a menu of bubble teas.  

The restaurant has always been clean and service has always been prompt.
Am I the only person totally unimpressed with this place?  My boyfriend and I just went this past Sunday.  We got seated right away, but were then ignored for a good 10 minutes.  The complimentary hot tea was plunked down on our table without any ceremony.  Our summer rolls came quickly and were certainly tasty.  I had the vermicelli with beef and lemongrass; the boy had one of the combo dishes with pork.  The food was plentiful, but it just wasn't memorable (and certainly didn't make up for the appalling service).
Coming here so often, my family has gotten familiar with the staff, who are friendly, and like to joke around with you. Good food. Decent restrooms, and clean silverware, plate, etc. Good for family gatherings. There's also parking availiable.
I was recently asked (by a semi - stranger, no less) what my favorite go - to restaurant was in Philadelphia. Now, clearly  there are a ton of options - but I find myself always coming back to one place: Nam Phuong. 

It  is probably the most consistently delicious and has the most attentive waitstaff and I will default to them every time. Especially on Sundays after a long weekend of filling my body with them alcohol toxins. 

​So you walk in. And I'm telling you right now, it's most likely crowded. I have been to this place MANY TIMES at RANDOM TIMES during the day - it is ALWAYS popping. However, this place can turn tables faster than you can imagine - it's quite incredible. I've never had to wait longer than 10 minutes for a table. 

You get seated and presented with an insanely long menu. Pro Tip: Order by the numbers because you most likely won't be able to pronounce anything. Pro Tip #2 I usually order by looking around to see what everybody else is eating and then ask about it when the waiter comes. They are excellent at explaining what different dishes are, I'm sure they do it all the time. But bottom line - everything here is good & try it all!  If you want a fabulous meal, I'd recommend: 121, 164, 170 and a rainbow ice. Trust me ;) 

Oh, and you will have about 5 or 6 different waiters by the time you end your meal. There are so many and you just flag one of them down when you need something. They move fast though! 

The Food. So excellent.  Every time. I eat it so much it's to the point where my body craves it - I can imagine this is what being addicted to drugs is like. Try everything! 

The Service. Ever since the New Year - the service has been impeccable. Maybe it's their new year's resolution. But they move fast and get you whatever you need fast. They practically run around and attend to every table - and like mentioned before, you'll have 5 or 6 different people helping you out. Your food comes out very quickly as well - you could be in and out in under 30 minutes if you wanted to be.

The Atmosphere. Casual and large. Brightly lit with. lovely themed decor. They have room for your large parties of 10 + as well as your more intimate parties. P.S there's a bar.

The Recommendation. Your casual Sunday night dinner where you can roll up in yoga pants and hoodie and eat and eat and eat until you can't anymore. There is no judgement here. Bring your most comfortable pants and some good company. Enjoy.
Hands down my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the US, including my mom's...and my aunt's...and my other aunt's...my uncle's...and both my cousins'.

No, I'm not talking about mama's home cooking (though it is amazing) - my mom actually had a Vietnamese restaurant - and this beats it (and the rest of the family, as you can see).

Just the sheer variety AND execution (food, not necessarily service - they are my peoples after all) far surpasses any I've seen.

They do it all, and they do it all well - unheard of.

Personal Favorites:
Ba Vi
Ca Kho To
Bo Luc Lac
Canh Chua Ca
Banh Xeo

And the service is actually (relatively) attentive, just not warm.  A can't miss whenever I'm in Philly.
Nothing can EVERY compare to my momma's food, but this place is pretty darn good.

Atmosphere: (B) Nothing special, feels like I'm at a diner, slightly more elegant... heh. My biggest gripe is the parking situation!!  I told my cousin I would never meet her down here on a Sunday EVER AGAIN!!  Last time I think we made up our own parking spot...

Food: (A) Delicious!  Everything, from the rice dishes to the family style meals, even the pho wasn't so bad.  

Service: (A) Not sure if they are pretty fast with everyone, but there are certainly no complaints here...

Overall: (A-) If you can make it here on a weekday instead of the weekend, I'd say Nam Phuong is a good alternative to home cooked viet food.
WHAT I ORDERED: #170 Bun Dac Biet (House Special Rice Vermicelli)
* Reasonably priced
* Heavy on the Vermicelli, and light on everything else; 1 slice of chicken cut up [1], 3 or 4 slices of nam nuong (Vietnamese beef meatballs) [2], 2 or so grilled shrimps [3], and 1 spring roll [4]
* Was expecting more greens and roasted peanut topping
* Not very much sauce was provided, so it was rather dry
* Overall, a safe dish, but there are probably more promising ones on the menu

[1] Relatively dry; not very marinated and nicely grilled like I was expecting
[2] Thin slices so together they don't amount to much; overall, tasted alright
[3] Small in size; grilled; slightly dry
[4] Only one that met my expectations; unfortunately, I was only provided with 1 though so the joyousness did not last too long

COMPARED TO OTHER AREAS: I would have to give this place a 3; falls short of other Vietnamese restaurants that I have been to where I have ordered a similar dish (Vermicelli) at. Usually the chicken is grilled at other places and there would be a nice amount of vegetables provided upon ordering this dish, however Nam Phuong sadly did not meet those expectations.

COMPARED TO THE PHILLY AREA: A 4 would probably be fitting; large space so you're not cramped with the folks next to you; staff members were all very attentive; convenient location if you're looking to do some grocery errands; there's actually a parking lot!

KEY POINTS
* Smoothies seemed fairly authentic; not powdery tasting [5]
* Great family environment
* Large selections and varieties to choose from the menu
* Decently priced

[5] Had the durian smoothie!

ALL IN ALL: If you're in the Vietnamese shopping area, then I would recommend stopping by here.
This is by far the best Vietnamese food I have ever had! First we ordered the vietnamese steam rice rolls (banh cuon) as an appetizer. For main dishes, we ordered pho (pho tai sach), and vietnamese shaking beef (bo luc lac). I highly suggest you order these dishes if you've never tried vietnamese food before or are overwhelmed by the menu. These 3 dishes were more than enough for 2 people and we had leftovers to take home.

The pho comes in a HUGE bowl, with a generous amount of beef that's cooked medium-rare. You can put it under your noodles if you want it to cook the meat more. You can add basil or bean sprouts and cilantro to your pho by letting it cook under the noodles. Best pho I've ever had! The soup broth taste is spot on and the beef is so tender and the noodles are delicious.

As for the shaking beef dish, it too comes with a generous amount of beef that's served on a bed of watercress and a couple of tomato slices. The beef was so juicy and I loved the sauce that's paired with it. It also comes with a huge mountain of rice. Most asian restaurants I've been to are quite stingy on the amount of rice they give you or even charge you extra for rice, but here, they give you enough rice to share with another person.

We also ordered iced coffee for the long drive home and it's seriously like jet fuel. It's some powerful coffee, if you need a wake me up! But don't worry, it doesn't taste like fuel. It's creamy, not too sweet and quite refreshing on a hot, summer day. I can't wait to go back here on our next trip to philly!
Great authentic spot for some great Vietnamese dishes.

I ordered my favorites 
102: Summer Rolls w/ Shrimp and Pork/Chicken (2)
163: Pho w/ Slices of Eye-Round Steak and Beef Balls

I might pass on the beef balls next time but all in all my meal was just what I was looking for. Nam Phuong isn't trying to be anything its not.  It's authentic Vietnamese dishes with no frills. 

This is perfect cold weather food, warm you up and cure you when you're sick food... and cheap cheap good eats.
5/5 service. Very fast and attentive

4.5/5 food. We always love their country style beef cubes (#280). It is sauteed flank steak with fresh watercress, with a side of rice. Their vietnamese coffee is really good too!

3/5 ambiance. Just good for a casual dining experience.
Best place to be, especially if you are a party of three or less!  Beware of weekends:  tons of whiny kids and whiny senior citizens.

This is simply the better Vietnamese restaurants in the city:  no frills but no shortcuts, great quality of food with a great tag to go with it.

This place is fantastic for those who are vegetarians or vegans!  The vegetarian summer rolls are fantastic - great herbs with vermicelli rice noodles and a wonderful fried tofu as a protein.  Add sriacha (rooster) hot sauce to the peanut dip for a spicy kick and dip accordingly, yum!  

Curry vegetables and tofu is SOOOO good here.  Greasy yes, but good!  Fresh vegetables, fresh tofu, and  a great sauce that is piping hot and flavourful!  

Or the vegetarian Vietnamese crepe - the batter is made with rice flour, water, coconut milk, and tumeric - NO EGGS, fresh vegetables (snow peas, chestnuts, beansprouts, onions) and tofu in this dish.  Comes with a plate of fresh herbs and the dipping sauce they give you is a soy sauce mixture made w/ coconut soda (to make it sweet).  That is awesome b/c most restaurants would make your food vegetarian but still give you the standard Vietnamese fish sauce!  

Prices are super decent and the food, again, delicious!  Servers are efficient and quick!  If you get drinks, get the fresh squeezed orange juice!  It's really freshly squeezed and they must put crack in it b/c it is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO addictive!
I was initially very excited about having dinner at this restaurant, and was greeted by very friendly waiters. However, once the food arrived, my friend noticed a fat 1 inch worm moving around on top of one of my Chao Tom pieces in my plate. We immediately notified a waiter and that plate was quickly taken away. Tried to eat the rest of the food we had ordered, but our appetites were cut because of the sight we had seen. 

If the issue had been taken care of with an apology and generously comp'ed check, I would hve refrained from posting here as everyone should be allowed a mistake. However, when we notified our waiter about it, he asked if we had a picture. When we showed it to him, he tried to defend the restaurant saying they had a very small kitchen and when vegetables are delivered, they are "thrown onto the workstation," and it was possible a worm landed on my plate that way. He then joked that it would have just been extra "protein" added onto the meal. I was not in the mood for jokes, and he later came back saying that the guys in the back said it was a small one and it wasnt the parasitic kind so it's fine. I got upset and told him that a worm of any kind on my plate was unacceptable to me, and the health department as well. 

In the end, we sent back most of the food which we explained we were unable to eat, and asked for the check. They gave us the check with just the one worm meal comp'd. I'm not saying we should have received the entire meal for free, but at least take off one of the meals we were later on unable to touch or something a little more generous. We paid the bill in addition to a 20% tip, and then left.

I was not happy with the way the waiter addressed the situation, and the fact that we paid for a meal that we could not eat. Also concerned about the sanitary conditions of the kitchen with the waiter's description of boxes of vegetables being thrown around in too small of a kitchen.  Definitely not returning.
Probably one of the best vietnamese restaurants in the city. Staff is completely Vietnamese but you should have no probably ordering because they do speak English also. No reservations required, you should be seated promptly even if its busy.
Packed full for dinner at 9:30 pm!! We were ushered to a table and a menu was given to us promptly. Despite the crowded environment we were given a table/served/attended to quickly. We decided to order from one of the preset menus (dinner for 4) because we were all starving and didnt want to take time to analyze the large menu. The food came out in literally 10 mins or less, which I consider excellent service. It was piping hot and fresh, so although it came from a set menu, it hadn't been sitting in some pot all day. I enjoyed the things we ordered and would definitely come back. Some of the best restaurant Vietnamese food I have ever had.
I am so torn between a 4.5 and a 5.  I have been going here for years (back when it was on Christian St for those who remember it then).  I would give this place 5 for all the authenticity of the food and trust me I am a Vietnamese food snob.  I love the papaya salad with beef jerky - DELISH!  I think the shrimp papaya salad would be good.  But tragically I am allergic.  

I would also recommend the Ba Vi.  What is it you ask?  It is a "make your own sort of spring roll" deal, it comes with cooked meats, veggies, and rice paper.  Best part is this can easily be shared between 3 people and you will be full.

One down fall is their Pho isn't as good as Pho Ha but that is a whole different story.  I think for good Pho you need to go to a place that only specializes in it.
Just finished dinner here. The food was ok--got the deluxe pho, pork knuckle noodles, calamari, and clams.  Pretty large portions. The noodle dishes weren't bad, but nothing to rave about. Calamari was fine. But we all thought the clams had that icky defrosted flavor to it. 

Given all that, there was also an obscene amount of flies and gnats in the restaurant. During our meal we were constantly swatting away bugs from the dishes. Made me wonder about their health and sanitation grade...really an appetite killer. Probably more of a 1.5 rating
I like your ceiling full of SO MANY chandeliers. There are just rows and rows of em like some used-to-be banquet hall where glamour-shots type bridal photos were certainly taken...and now we eat soup and vermicelli bowls and clay-pot dishes here. This restaurant, I'd definitely use for a scene in the movie I'm making. Everybody'll be all, "What a peculiar place," when they see it.

Service is speedy, family style Vietnamese foods tastes good... and it's pretty inexpensive... Yeah, the food is consistently good. 

Here, the last time we went to Nam Phuong it was so busy that seating was CLOSE and we were seated next to these two guys and one of them or both of them smelled like they'd spent the night in a chicken coop. I mean, ripe. AND YET... the meal still felt successful. I think that's a good testament to the good eatin here. Nam Phuong's pho and foods temporarily cure my feelings of repugnance! Yay!
I am eating the leftovers of the chicken/eggplant/bean deliciousness from last night while I write this and, yes, it is delicious and oily.  In fact, now that I'm not as inebriated, it seems a little too oily.

Anyway, the experience there was good.  They had seating for our party of 8 and generally, although curt, the service got the job done.

And now, back to the deliciousness.
This restaurant is not wheelchair accessible because they have one door that opens. There are two separate doors with a very tight transition to the next door which will not accommodate turning radius of wheelchairs. I got stuck between the two doors and it was humiliating. It took 12minutes to get the second front door open so I could back out, I could not turn around. Additionally they had a lot of crap in the area between the two doors which further complicated this fiasco.

I was pretty excited to go here, and super miffed that it is not actually wheelchair accessible.
Ordered take out & they were very fast! Everything was good except lemongrass chicken. It was a little bland but chicken was tender! I ordered the dinner set for 2, iced coffee with condensed milk, and salted lemon drink. I got the drinks with no ice because I didn't want it to be watered down. I knew we weren't going to drink it right away. I usually like to store it in the fridge then add ice at home when ready to drink. Usually the next day lol. The dinner set for 2 was about $40, which I thought was a good deal. It came with fried spring rolls, sweet & sour fish soup, braised fish, lemongrass chicken, and rice. Pretty authentic Vietnamese food. The set for 2 lasted us 2 full days for 2 people. Overall, I recommend!
At the suggestion of fellow Yelpers, I went here to try Pho for the first time with a couple of friends (I've been having dreams about it ever since a friend posted a picture of Pho on his facebook page. Don't judge me).

Delicious. Ordered the spring rolls and at the suggestion of our waiter, got #159 (Pho w/ Slices of Eye-Round Steak & Well Done Flank). He did not steer me wrong. I wasn't feeling too well so the hot steam from the big bowl of pho and numerous cups of tea put me in a way better mood.

Good for groups and cheap as hell. Go now.
Ready to go back already because this is the best Viet food I've had since I've moved from California. This is the most authentic take on it yet! 

I attribute that to the fact that they offered more than just the usual Pho and rice dishes I've seen at other Viet places. They had Banh Hoi, which is vermicelli made into small sheets, that you end up wrapping in rice paper with various herbs, cucumbers, lettuce, pickled carrots, and your protein of choice. I ended up choosing the grilled pork balls, which is more like grilled pork strips. Nevertheless, I felt right at home. IT WAS AMAZING! After rolling up your spring roll, you dip it in some yummmmy fish sauce and it is seriously heavenly. I can't attest to how their other dishes are since I've only been once but I will happily return for more. Nam Phuong shows so much promise so I hope it doesn't disappoint next time!
I used to go to this place all the time when I lived in south philly.  The menu is huge, but I've enjoyed everything I've tried.

I'm a little pasty white guy and, well, I'm not saying the waitstaff is racist, but I have gotten noticeably quicker service when I show up with asian friends.  Just an observation ;)

Try the Vietnamese iced coffee for a cool and delicious summer treat!
Been here a couple of times with small groups.  While I have not tried the pho there (I can't really have pho, anyway, except the "fake" vegetarian ones, haha) my vietnamese girlfriend really likes it there.  Some of the dishes are great, others are so-so.  They are not a leading restaurant in competition in their vegetarian selection section, but their seafood selection was a-ok.  One time my sister was in town, we ordered the fresh whole steamed black seabass with ginger and scallions.  Oh, so yummy...

The prices are reasonable for what you get.  They have a limited liquor and beer selection.

A few downsides.. A couple of times we have been here and the service was horrible.  For every thing we had to flag down a random server and not once did they stop by to refill our water or anything.  They also took a long long time once to even get our order.  

Still, the food and the price matches in value so although I'm not a HUGE fan of this place, I wouldn't mind going back if the occasion rises.
When Nam Phuong just opened, I knew Pho 75 would lose half of their customers so me, being the curious creature that I am went in there to eat it to see if the experience was worth it, I admit it - the food was good but now? 

Things changed. The cook doesn't care anymore and plops anything down on your plate - the waitress/waiters are usually old men so they take time bringing your food or um, forget.

Pho 75 is better. They're amazing. I never liked Nam Phuong and never will.
I find Nam Phuong inferior to nearby Vietnamese restaurants.

House Special Vermicelli (Bun) - Chicken lacked flavour, had a bad dense texture and tasted like it had been cooked hours ago.  Meatball slices and spring roll were okay.  The Bun didn't come with a plate of herbs or bean sprouts.  There was some iceberg lettuce at the bottom of the bowl.   (Why would anyone want iceberg lettuce there?) What I usually love about Bun is the fresh mix of flavours, but the ingredients in this Bun were neither fresh nor flavourful.  Disappointing in general.

Bitter melon soup - very salty.  Bittermelon was totally undercooked, raw on the inside, and bittermelon is something that you'd never want to undercook.  Just doesn't work.  Shrimp and meat were totally overcooked -- which I would have excused, thinking that they were just there for flavour, if the melon hadn't been so undercooked.  Also disappointing.

Chili sauces seem flavourful and pack some heat.

2+ stars
Awesome vietnamese food, even better than in chinatown. I really like the food here, we've eaten here about 3 times over the years, the only big thing that turns me off is the food size. could be a little bit larger. its a large place and there are always people there. parking is cool, you dont have to worry about feeding the meter.
Meh. I've had better...but then again, I've lived 10 minutes away from Little Saigon in California.

I wasn't too impressed with the dish I got (chicken sauteed with lemongrass, curry, and something else). I kicked myself for not getting pho, so maybe I'll try that next time.
I would call myself a pho connoisseur and the pho dac biet was DELICIOUS. Tender and soft beef tendon, generous amount of tripe, tender beef flank and ribeye, and most importantly...perfectly
flavored broth. The broth was slightly brown, piping hot, perfectly salted, and good amount of oil. Food came out super fast and service was great. I also tried the eggrolls, vermicelli, grilled shrimp, grilled pork...ALL recommended. Will definitely come again!
Dear Nam Phuong, 

The fact that you exist makes Philly a better place. The Vietnamese wedding reception decor makes me smile each time I walk through your doors. I love that there are masses of tables and masses of under priced liquor (and you still make old school Mai Tais! yes!) 

More important, however, is your vast, authentic menu full of delicious Vietnamese dishes at prices even this recession can handle. 

My particular favorites include: 
-Summer Rolls with Shrimp (mmmm...melt-in-your-mouth rice paper and crunchy mint) 

-Bean Thread w/ Shrimp and Crab Meat Soup (the best cure for laryngitis) 

-Vermicelli w/ Ground Shrimp Wrapped in Bean Paper (my friend's go-to) 

-Eggplant Sauteed w/ Garlic Sauce - Vegetarian delight 

Please stay forever Nam Phuong, you hold a special place in my heart!
I heard that Philadelphia has the best Vietnamese on the East Coast. Where are they all hiding? So far I haven't seen too many downtown. So I turned to Yelp and based on the many reviewer recommendations decided to try Nam Phuong. The restaurant is located in a strip mall on Washington Avenue, surrounded by other Vietnamese restaurants, shops and food market.

We went on a weeknight and found the place to be full of mostly Vietnamese patrons but also other foodies like us who have a deep appreciation for Vietnamese food. And so we were seated, quickly made our way through the extensive menu and ordered the: shrimp spring roll, chicken pho, barbecued quail and diced cubed beef. 

The shrimp roll was served first. It was good with generous amounts of shrimp in each of the two rolls. A shrimp roll is filled with diced shrimp, rice doodles and basil and wrapped in rice paper. It is usually served with peanut butter sauce and tastes fresh and healthy. This was no different but not superior to any other roll I've had. 

Next was the Pho Ga or Chicken Pho. It was filled with so much noodles that there was no room to mix the ingredients all in.

 In the end I only ended up having a few spoonfuls and moved on to the next dish. 

The barbecued quail was on the drier side and was not as tasty as the ones we were used to having in New Orleans. The meat was chewy and dry. Needless to say the count picked at every little tiny bone on that poor quail's fragile body. 

But the winner of the night was the beef cube dish or more commonly referred to as the Boc Luc Lax. It was served on a plate of watercress with a tangy salt and pepper dip on the side. It was so good that I barely touched the Pho and polished the plate clean. 
The best part: the entire meal cost well under $30 dollars. I found it to be en par with other Vietnamese restaurants I have visited. We both enjoyed our meal enough and saw some other delicious treats being served to other tables.  So needless to say I'm sure we will become regulars unless I find a far superior local Vietnamese restaurant in Philadelphia. Any advice on where to have the best Pho?
I had heard such good things!  I walked in and, unfortunately, the place smelled like body odor.  Badly.  Service was ok.  Food left much to be desired.  The tea tasted like warm Philly tapwater.  I ordered vegetarian springrolls as an appetizer.  They tasted very ricey, not very veggie filled.    I also ordered the chicken with lemongrass, curry and coconut.  I tasted no lemongrass, no coconut - lots of heat!  My friend who was with me ordered the same, but with shrimp (a dish she'd ordered from Nam Phuong many times before) and had to send it back because it too was too spicy.

Upside, they are open later than most Viet places on Washington Ave and they do serve beer.  I won't be returning though.
The hell? I've never reviewed this place? Aight, here we go.

Nam Phuong is a good spot. I just can't give it 4 stars because it doesn't excel in any of the dishes that I love getting at other Viet spots that I love.

I feel bad writing that, but it's true. When I have their pho, I'm thinking of Choo Choo (Pho Xe Lua Viet Thai). When I have their cha gio or grilled meats, I'm thinking of Vietnam Palace. When I have their vermicelli... well, vermicelli was always just a standard for me that never really stood out anywhere, so they pass on that.

They prepare their beef salad - drained raw flank steak marinated in lime juice and tossed with herbs, peanuts, and fried shallots - in the style that Cambodians do, using ample sawleaf herb and some other things I don't know the names for in English. But, even that is done better, in my opinion, at Khmer Kitchen.

Don't get me wrong - if anyone suggests we go get a bite at Nam Phuong, I'm the last to shoot them down. It's a wide open pair of dining rooms separated by a low wall, you never feel crowded, and it IS authentic, genuinely good food. The service is prompt and friendly enough. And hey - cheap liquor and beer if you're so inclined.

But, again, all of those things are available at other places that I tend to enjoy more.

You will likely enjoy every dish you get here, and portions are heart-attack large. That makes this place solid.  But, again, for me, they're in that middle space where I can't think of one thing that I prefer at Nam Phuong above other restaurants.

All I can say is for you to go here and try it all yourself - you might love it.
Was slowly enjoying my meal.....thank god I'm a slow eater and literally look at every spoon/forkful. Then I saw this. A dead roach. Thank god I noticed it. My first and last time eating at this place. Never in my 35 years have I had this experience.....wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.


Đang từ từ thởng thức bữa ăn của mình ..... cảm n chúa tôi là ngời ăn chậm và thực sự nhìn vào từng muỗng / nĩa. Sau đó tôi thấy điều này. Một con gián chết. Cảm n chúa tôi đã nhận thấy nó. Lần đầu tiên và lần cuối cùng tôi ăn ở ni này. Cha bao giờ trong 35 năm tôi có trải nghiệm này .... wouldn giới thiệu ni này cho bất cứ ai.



Estaba disfrutando lentamente de mi comida ... gracias a Dios, soy un comedor lento y literalmente miro cada cuchara / tenedor. Entonces vi esto. Una cucaracha muerta. Gracias a Dios lo noté. Mi primera y última vez comiendo en este lugar. Nunca en mis 35 años he tenido esta experiencia ... no recomendaría este lugar a nadie
I sat through a terrible hour and a half drive on 76 just to get to Nam Phuong and I guess in the end it was pretty worth it.

They have these awesome pre-selected dishes that can be ordered for groups of 2+ and the price isn't too shabby. For around 25 bucks, 2 people can get an order of soup, rice, springrolls and I believe 2 other dishes listed on the special.

I've definitely had better cha gio in restaurants other than Nam Phuong but their pho broth is really good compared to a lot of other places I've been to. I ordered the bun dac biet which came with a ton of toppings and definitely left me very full. 

I could go for another round of Nam Phuong any day and on the plus side if you need to get some food shopping done, the location is ridiculously convenient.
Was traveling from out of town and decided to check this place out because me and my group of friends were craving vietnamese food. They had a good amount of options including family style dinners according to the number of people. "Enough for 2 people, 4 people, etc." at reasonable prices.

We had a party of 6 people and ordered the "Dinner for 4 people" and added a Ba Vi and Suon Ram. Everything tasted okay, but nothing special. The customer service was definitely lacking though. The server had a very weird sense of humor... Wasn't really sure if he was trying to be funny or rude. My favorite part about this meal was the cafe sua da or vietnamese iced coffee. Would have been nice if I got it at the beginning of my meal though. I had to ask the server for our drinks again because we were on our second course and didn't have any drinks yet.

Overall, not bad. But I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again.
Nam Phuong has barely ever let me down. 
its food and service are always consistent.

I suggest:

Vietnamese spring rolls.
Ca Kho Tho (Fish in Clay Pot)
Bo Luc Lac (Beef with Watercress)
Sweet and Sour Soup
Soda Chanh

Those are my usuals.

If i ever have a hard time thinking of a place to eat on Washington avenue i can always rely on Nam Phuong!
The parking is challenging here on weekends but  well worth the 4 or r5x drive around the block.
Food is fantasitc, service just as good. Easily accomodated our party of 20,-50 something diners. Was that what a previous review referred to as senior citizens? Hope not because we had a blast and thats a demographic that spends . Entree after entree was presented, sodas were flowing and the price was right. Our group for sure will be back and spending.

 Its good during the week too.
It happens to the best of restaurants, but the quality of NP that plateaued at consistent is starting to decline. This restaurant definitely has its star dishes, but my go-to for Nam Phuong is the family dinner combos. Waiting for the chance to bring a large group to get my canh chua and ca kho to fox taken care of. With a group of 3 or 4, you can get the dinner set for 2 and add an appetizer or 2 and not break the bank.

It seems with the dinner crowd, the service and cooking needs to speed up to accommodate...and as a result, the food takes a hit. I have to be more keen on the details when eating my home cuisine, so here's what's up ---

The canh chua tom(sour soup) had undercooked tomatoes and overcooked shrimp. Now, raw tomatoes aren't a big deal; but when you're eating it in soup and there's still crunch to the tomato, you haven't done canh chua right. The clay pot fish was not braised long enough to get the deep caramelization that is characteristic of this dish. The sauce is suppose to run thick and the fish salty and dense. We got mushy fish and it wasn't quite appetizing - even our waiter agreed with us that the dish needed some more braising love. The beef and string beans had chewy protein and slimy texture. Overall, I haven't been this disappointed on the dinner set until now. We even thought that there was a change in chefs given the drastic change in food quality - we double checked with the wait staff. Apparently, same chef. 

Redemption point: Check out their papaya salad and beef jerky. The raw papaya had an awesome texture and vinegary sauce super on point. The best salad option here by far!

I won't be a stranger to Nam Phuong though, they're usually consistent and widest range of Vietnamese fare.
The best Vietnamese food I have ever eaten. It made me so happy!
You have to look around and see what everyone else is eating. They have make your own Nim Chow, or fresh rolls. In Vietnamese it is called Banh Hoi. They bring the rice wrappers and hot water to your table and a plate of vermicelli and lettuce and herbs and pickled carrots and diakon. We ordered it with ground beef. The ground beef came rolled up in leaves like Greek stuffed grape leaves. They were divine. You dip your rice wrapper in the water, put it on your plate, fill it accordingly, dip and eat.  Additionally we got a Vietnamese vegetarian crepe to share. I had tea and my lunch mate had Vietnamese coffee (individual drip coffee with condensed milk). The staff was warm and pleasant and helpful as we were the only non Asians in the place.
I can not wait to return and eat my way through the menu. What a find!
After lunch we went across the parking lot to the Vietnamese grocery store to buy the ingredients to attempt to make the Banh Hoi at home. There the stock boy and some Vietnamese grandmas all helped up figure out what to buy. We had a great time!
I was really excited to try this place because it was recommended by a friend and it is located in the Passyunk Square area, which is known for the best place for Vietnamese food in Philly and one of the best in the country. I got there about an hour before closing and they still had about a third of the restaurant filled, so we got seated pretty quickly. The restaurant is huge for a Vietnamese restaurant! I'm originally from New York and there are some great Vietnamese restaurants there, so I ordered the typical pho(noodle soup), summer rolls, and spring rolls to see how they all compare. 

Pho dac biet (deluxe pho) - This bowl included all the items like the eye round steak, well done flank, tendon, beef balls, and tripe. The bowl wasn't large for a deluxe. Usually this is the biggest size and would come with everything in it. The broth was pretty good, but wasn't as flavorful as some others ones I've had in other states and countries. All the other stuff ingredients inside were good. I don't think there was anything too special about this - especially for the size of the bowl at that price. 

Summer roll - these come two to an order. They are much smaller than I am used to. They come with shrimp and pork(or chicken if you prefer). The best way is to go with the shrimp and pork. Although the size was smaller, it was delicious! The skin had the perfect chew and it tasted great, especially with the peanut sauce. 

Spring roll - they come two to an order. The spring rolls were much different than what I'm used to. When I saw that they were two to an order, I was surprised. They taste like any other Asian spring roll and not the typical Vietnamese spring roll. It was not a crispy kind of spring roll. It reminded me of a dim sum spring roll or one you would get at a Thai restaurant for a lunch special. I wouldn't get these again. 

Overall my experience was average, but I can see why it is popular. The service was okay, they were attentive when they wanted to be and they didn't really say bye to us as we were leaving since they were busy cleaning and closing out. There was nothing that stood out to me too much to want to make the extra drive to go here.... yet. From the looks of what everyone else was eating and the menu, the restaurant was real authentic and it seemed like others were ordering a lot of other Vietnamese dishes besides the pho. How do you not get the pho!? I am willing to take another trip to the restaurant and try some of their other dishes.
I heart you Nam Phuong.  No doubt, this is the best Vietnamese food that I've had.  My recent visit to Philly led me back to this delicious happiness.   

While the location or the appearance of the restaurant may not scream 5 stars, let the food speak for the restaurant.

I went with my usual and ordered pho, beef cubes, and lotus salad with shrimp crackers.   Pho is always delicious with great flavor in the soup base.  Beef cubes dish is a must!  it's beef cubes with some kind of sprouts, served with lemon based sauce.  Lotus salad (which has shrimp and pork) is served cold with shrimp crackers, and is a great addition to somewhat fatty dishes that I ordered.

 I always feel like vietnamese food is loaded with sodium.  But I find myself with less need for a full glass of water in the middle of the night.
Tonight, I learned that this is a great spot to get cha gio with pieces of wire-brush cooked into them.

What's really scary is if you think a bit harder into the logic behind that.  How does a piece of wire-brush get into the pork/mushroom/etc. mixture of a cha gio?

Yeah, I switched it up and tried Nam Phuong for a change (I usually go next door) and they basically punished me for it.
Nam Phuong is a South Philly staple where you can get your grub on with some authentic Vietnamese fare on the cheap. This joint belongs to the family of establishments that inhabit a stretch of Washington Avenue, serving heaping portions of consistently tasty, fresh cuisine in no-frills spaces with fast service. Nam Phuong leads the pack. Their pho game is solid, and their vermicelli bowls aren't to be missed.

But what makes them stand out for me? It's their DIY rice paper roll platters. Those win so incredibly hard, and will leave you beyond satiated. I like to play with my food. It's this quirk thing that's plagued me into adulthood. Rolling my own rolls isn't just fun; it's also socially acceptable.

Whether it's stuffed grape leaves, grilled meatballs, sugarcane shrimp, or charbroiled shrimp... Oh, wait. Get a combination, please. It'll then be everything because: (a) you actually ordered almost everything on the menu and (b) the awesome variety, flavors, and DIY aspect are in themselves everything.

The spring rolls are ace, too. And the chicken pho was *the* Vietnamese penicillin that partially cured my cold last night, so I've got to give props where due.

Be comforted. Come here, let your body and soul be nourished, and leave happy because you enjoyed good food and spared your wallet sadness.
This is my new favorite eatery.  Where else can I listen to elevator music and eat Jicama rolls?  Ohhhh, Jicama rolls.  Probably as close as I can get to culinary heaven!  I also highly recommend the crab and noodle soup; it's very hearty.  Vietnamese-style iced coffee is to die for, and if you happen to visit in the evening, they have a nice selection of beer and alcohol.

**One disappointment-they DON'T deliver!!  Boo!! Step your game up, Nam Phuong!!
My favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Philadelphia thus far. Must haves when we go: 
-Lotus root salad with shrimp and pork, awesome texture, crisp and light, comes with shrimp crackers
-Salt and pepper calamari, I do not know how this dish is as magically light as it is, but it's light and flavorful and I dream about it 

The do it yourself rice paper wraps are popular here too, we've tried them once and perhaps I'm not skilled enough or something, I thought it was only alright, although the meat that came with that dish was excellently cooked and flavored.
They serve great Vietnamese food!! I have been there before a long time ago, but it wasn't that memorable, but I'm glad I was reunited again. It was convenient because I was in the area doing an errand, and decided to grab takeout for dinner. I ordered the bun bo hue (BF's favorite) and the bo luc lac based off of many Yelpers' recommendations. The bo luc lac is SO GOOD. I also tried the bun bo hue, and it is one of the best I've had! It is also great that they have parking in the lot and nearby. 

The prices are reasonable though I never understood why bo luc lac is always so costly compared to other rice dishes. Oh well, it is worth it!! 

I can't wait to try other things on the menu.

The inside decor is slightly fancier than your typical vietnamese pho places. Just slightly.
My favorite vietnamese restaurant in philly!

Most authentic, very delicious, fast service even when it is packed.

Best deal is the Family meal for 4 package, costs less than $50 for a 6 course meal for 4 people with enough for a second meal when you take your leftovers home!  Can also substitute one item for something else if you like.
I can't recall the number of times I've been here, but let's just say I've started going to NP when it was at the corner of 8th and Christian.  The staff knows us, but that really doesn't help you get a seat faster or get their attention either.  I mean, they're good at what they do, don't get me wrong.  The food is delicious and cheap (dinner for 2 with a beer each can be $20 with tip).  I only give it 4 stars because when you're trying to get the waiter's attention, sometimes they pretend they don't see you.

One of my favorite things to order is Bun Bo Hue and that big plate of something that comes with things like grilled shrimp on sugar cane, ground beef wrapped in grape leaves and meatballs you wrap in rice paper...I don't know what it's called because I just point or order by number.  They get it.

Another plus is they open at 10AM.
Large and very popular with the Non Vietnamese crowd I was a bit sceptical at first as to the honesty and authenticity of the menu but all fears were gone after the first taste of their Pho....deep, rich with a incandescent surface sheen of fat accompanied by some of the most interesting greenery and honest to goodness hot Jalapenos.
I've dined there now half a dozen times trying any thing the looks good on the menu and the neumerous pictures on Yelp as well and have yet to have a dissapointment.
.
