We were in the neighborhood for the Chinese Lantern Festival and wanted to grab a bite to eat before we went. This happened to be on our walk from the parking lot and I had read about it in an online article. 

It's a decent sized restaurant with plenty of seating. Service was good. Food was delicious and perfectly priced. 

We chose a dish of cold noodles and hot noodles. Both were excellent but I really loved the spice on the cold noodles. We also ordered a pork and chicken dish. Both were tasty and fresh. We also ordered bok choy and snow peas, also delicious. The fried dumplings we had were good but a little overcooked. 

Overall really enjoyed this place and their food.
Where do you send your Grandmas when they get old and need tending to 24 7, and you don't have time to do it?

To the Nan Zoo, of course!

This is where I got a truly excellent beef soup from - and some really nice dumplings. I ate several of them, shared others with fellow travelers that also loved them. And it was cheap too so I'm all about Nan Zhou, probably the best Asian food I've had in the Philly area.

Definitely one of the best East Asian places to eat in Philadelphia by any standards, and one of the best value as well. Everything is cheap, affordable, delicious and filling with large portions, great service, and it's completely authentic.

You know what else is authentic?

(Pulls Down Pants)
IT'S A NOODLE PARTY

I've never been to Chinatown in Philly and I've always wanted to try it. I was drawn to this place because they pull their noodles by hand and being Sicilian I am a real sucker for pasta plus if it's homemade I am even happier.  

The first thing is that this place only takes cash so come prepared. We started out with some fried pork dumplings which ended up coming at the end of our meal. I've noticed that places that make homemade dumplings always serve them after the meal. Personally I don't mind because if they are being made fresh by hand I'll wait all night long to eat them. These dumplings are totally worth the wait. You also get eight to an order. That's a nice number. Most places only serve six and that never seems like enough. 

Our little one got the wonton soup and it was amazing. The broth definitely has to be a bone broth because it was really tasty. The wontons were really tasty too. This place has us falling love. 

My wife and I went with noodle dishes. I ordered the pork with medium spice and my wife got veggie with hot spice. Both of our dishes had a real nice kick to it. Our receipt had hot x 3 on my wife's order and mine said hot x 1. I thought that was really cute. The chef definitely delivered the heat. 

Let's talk about the main attraction here! The noodles were so good. I probably could have eaten a second plate. Luckily my wife hit a wall and gave me her extra noodles. We had lunch here and kept discussing if it would be wrong to come back again for dinner. I know when we come back to Philly we will be dinning her again. I'm very glad we tried this place. In fact, we've been dreaming about this place for the last couple of days and looking forward to our visit again.
I really didn't think much coming here. I kept seeing it on food lists and was like fine.. if the noodles are freshly made I'll go try it. And I'm so glad I did. Walked through Chinatown to get here. The food here is great! We ordered the knife cut and hand pulled noodles. The knife cut noodles are the winner here. The texture was just perfect. The broth lots of body and flavor. Very generous with the meats and the price is very fair. I would recommend coming here to all noodle lovers. The brisket meat was fire in my house noodle bowl too.

Recommedation: House noodle soup with knife cut noodles
The Dream
It was a stunning Saturday morning in Philly, the sun bright, the air brisk....... and all I could think of was a warming bowl of soup.   Having dined at Morimoto for the first time a few days ago my trip to Philly for work and dine was off to an amazing gustatory high.  Then,  re-visiting one of my favorite steakhouses added to the elation. I'm beautifully sated and now, I wanted to warm my engines to the tune of something liquid,  hot, and in a bowl.   Nothing else.  All I could think of was the Yelpeviews of Nan Zhou.   And honestly, I was prepared for a letdown before walking into NZ.  The rave reviews made my mind go south (it's the Rule Breaker in me).   But my Yelp conscience did a double-take,  smacked me into thinking so many Yelpers can't be wrong.  So off I went.   I walked in and found le restaurant packed and as soon as I queued in, 500 people followed behind me.  Score!

The Reality
Because I was dining solo, I was offered a spot on a communal table.  There were two things I wanted to try here:  the beef brisket soup and the peanut sauce noodles (reviewed by Yelper Jordan).  MMmmmmmm.  Hand-drawn pasta, there's nothin' sexier.  My mind and palate were tingly from being prepped by the Yelpeviews.  I ordered the beef brisket soup.  When it came I saw peeking through the soup was lots of Chinese celery and immediately,  my palate went to fifth gear  Restaurants rarely use this herb which to me changes the flavor profile of any soup, dry or not.  And  dear Yelp almighty, my palate soon was treated to silky, soft, firm noodles, so perfectly soft you'd think they'd break or fall apart.  They didnt, unless you cut them with your teeth.  I can't say I have experienced this before, even with the dearth of amazing Chinese options in the SGV and SoCal.  I've never had Chinese noodles so oozy soft and tender but held together no matter how high you picked them up with your chopsticks.   The brisket was so well made, it didn't fall apart as I expected but it was tender.  Four around $6, the beef brisket portion was really generous.   The texture of the tender firm brisket contrasted to the soft pillowy noodles gave my mind a solid ahhhhhhhhh moment.   Finally the broth was layered with generous Chinese celery which to me, sealed and completed the dish.  

The Letdown
The soup was quite delicious but  I expected more.  It didn't have the hours if not days worth of development.  I dont think they used enough bone marrow or soup bones to add the layer of umami  I craved.  The dish would have been perfect but still, very very good.  Some might argue, you're not dining at Morimoto cut them some slack.  I beg to differ.   If the soup were made with hours of care and development, it would have been perfect whether it's $6, $60 or $600 a bowl.  

Reality Check.
My experience with the famed beef brisket noodles soup dish was solid:   my senses and palate were so sensually excited I almost Yelped right there.... But Nah, "I got class!"   My neighbor, sporting a Japanese passport,  ordered the same dish.  He slurped his noodles in true Japanese style and literally finished in 2 1/2 flat.  Not  a drop of broth was left on the bowl.  He walked off into the brisk morning with  a half smile, wiping the sweat from his neck.  My neighbor couple on the other side  perplexed me.  They too ordered the same soup.  They were slurping their noodles in complete slowmo as though they were slurping each bite frame by frame.  In hindsight, I read someplace this is another, if not correct way of eating  hand drawn noodles in soup:  the broth and noodles are savored slowly.  They walked off into the morning as though this meal was a part of their ritual. 

I finished my soup,  my soul warmed and umamied, I walked off into the sunny morning lovin' simplicity in a bowl of soup.

There's nothing like a gorgeous sunny brisk day in Philly to get your Nan Zhou ON!


Visits: 1  (more to follow)
If your idea of great Asian food is "The General" with a side of white rice you need serious help so please go here.  Everyone else please go here.  Bring cash but not much.  It's almost impossible to spend $10 per person.

As others have mentioned the broths as delivered are a bit under seasoned.  I believe it's intentional.  Us Westerners are a finicky bunch and often hard to satisfy.  Take advantage of the condiments on your table and do your own thing.

The noodles are simply amazing.  It's the texture that makes them.  They are the perfect firmness.  I could eat them every day. 
 
228 reviews should tell you something.  At these prices you just need to try it.  Don't think about it just go.
I've been here multiple different times and it's usually very busy and a generally loud environment. If you're looking to have authentic noodles, you should eat here! 

You can choose between the shaved noodles or the hand drawn noodles. I really enjoy the shaved ones because they're thick and chewy. My usual go to is the ox tail soup with shaved noodles, but you really can't go wrong with any of the noodle soup options. They have some good apps too, we usually get the curry chicken dumplings, the scallion pancakes, and the pig ear dish which has a slight kick to it, but it's delicious!

If you're looking for a quiet environment, please go elsewhere because you won't be able to hear the person next to you. Overall, this restaurant is a staple of Chinatown so you must try it if you've never been here!
Nan Zhou is a small venue, and their menu is even smaller. Their cooking packs a mean punch, though! Ow!

My (rather hefty) bowl of duck noodles were delish (and inexpensive, setting me back only $5.50), and adding a little spicy sesame oil made them even better. Tender pieces of duck, can't beat that. A friend saavy in Chinese cuisine ordered a plate of spicy (and how!) tendons as a side to share, some of the best I've had in recent memory. Yum. The server conned me into getting a fried egg added to my dish, and that was the best mistake I made all day, as it added some welcome texture (and a surprisingly yolky fun taste) to my lunch.

Recommended for a visit, and then some.
This is my first time here so I can't judge the quality of the food in general, but my experience here today was in unacceptable. 

Me and my bf ordered two bowls of noodles, and about a couple mouthfuls later we discovered a couple small flies in the soup. Honestly my appetite was gone but they decided to give us two new orders and 20% off the bill. They apologized and were very accommodating. They assured us that there would be no flies in our food. We took these orders to go and when we started to eat them at home, AGAIN there we found a bug in our soup.

It's nothing against the waitresses, but who ever is in the kitchen controlling the quality is not doing his or her job. It is a shame since the food is very tasty, but I would at least check your soup next time before you eat it.
Any time I crave for authentic Chinese food, I make my way into NYC's Chinatown. Since I spent the weekend in Philly, I was intrigued to try out their Chinatown...use my handy yelp app and found this little gem!

I came during brunch on a Sunday and there was no wait, score! The restaurant was a nice size, service was average and the food was phenomenal at low prices!! All the dishes came out hot and fresh!! Our bill came out to $30 for two, we split the following:

Pork and Shrimp Dumplings- We ordered them fried but they came out steamed. They were a little doughier than I'd like but still delish!! 

Scallion Pancakes- soooo good, probably the best I've had so far!! 

Braised Sliced Beef Noodle Soup- had a spicy kick to it, but it wasn't overbearing (at least not for me LOL)...if you like spice this is definitely the soup to go with! The beef and veggies were tender and juicy, loved the broth and the noodles were cooked to perfection!! 

Shrimp Fried Rice- JUMBO sized shrimp!! They were huge!! I actually had to cut it in half! Fried rice was delicious, I was stuffed and still trying to squeeze in some more bites! LOL 

This place is great, especially if you're looking for an amazing meal at affordable prices, I would definitely return when in the area.
Cheap and authentic - noodle broth was the perfect thing to warm up to on a wintry day and it wasn't too salty/msg-filled. Big portions! More than enough noodles to fill you up. Wish the seafood kind had more pieces of seafood in it - only got one clam, a couple shrimps, and two seafood balls.
Enjoyed the house noodles and dumplings.  It's full of people and the service is fast and quick.  I love hand drawn chewy noodles.   I'd def come back esp when the weather is chilly.
The hand drawn noodles from here are my obsession.  

This place is absolutely legit. So freaking good...

Egg noodles, beef brisket, sour fermented veggies,touch of sriracha...with a fried egg.
MMMMMMM....

The service is fast. The price is cheap. 

I rest my case.
Had a craving for some noodles last night and dropped by Nanzhou Handrawn Noodle House for some takeout. The last time we were here was years and years ago and maybe we just didn't order the right things, but we never came back again. On this night my husband and I both ordered the house special noodle soup (one with shaved noodle and one hand drawn noodle) and a mix of spicy pig ears and beef tendon. The noodle soup was amazing, we were instantly addicted. In it, you can find many large chunks of beef, couple of meat balls, some spinach and pickled mustard greens. They are so generous with the portions too. The noodle soup is definitely good for ~2 meals. I would recommend the shaved noodles over the hand drawn noodles, unless you are ordering to go, as the shaved noodles get in a serious inseparable clump. The spicy pig ears and beef tendon were nice too, and I really like the pickled daikon and carrot they serve with this dish as it balances the spice with some acidity. We're gonna be coming back here a lot more now!!!
I literally drive to the city at least once a month with the sole purpose of getting the spicy tendon and spicy pig ears from them.  My daughter likes their soups as well. The best snack ever!!
I was looking forward to my dou shou mian (shredded pieces of noodles) here, but was disappointed with the texture and the flavor of the broth that went with the noodle.  I ordered lamb meat and that wasn't good either - it lacked any spices or taste to the meat.  It's not the same like in Shanghai.  They make it so right in Shanghai! 

Their condiments of sauces were available.  Hot sauce was aye okay, but not the right one for noodle soup.  Pickled veggies were fun to pick up with on the side.

They offer other types of noodles and other ways to make up the noodles into other entrees with different types of sauces and ingredients. 

Noodle haven here.
Be prepared - I am about to change your life.

Number 14. Pork Soy Sauce Noodle. Shaved (if you're real hungry). Add about 5 heaping scoops of the homemade hot oil.

I now have that warm fuzzy feeling of knowing I made a difference in this world!
By far the best beef noodle restaurant I have ever been to! I love in California and I wish there was a place like this here!! I'm craving right now as I am thinking about how delicious and soft their noodles were! Everything was super cheap and affordable as well! It was great! I would definitely recommend this place to everyone!! It's a must go if you love noodles as much as I do!!!
Damn, Nan Zhou noodles are good.
I had knife-cut noodles (aka: shaved noodles) for the first time here. I ordered the chicken stir fried shaved noodles ($10.25) and I much enjoyed the thick texture and subtle flavor - you may add a little soy sauce if you'd like. 

This noodle house lives up to the hype, for good reasons:
- Laid back dining.
- Affordable meal. 
- Massive portions.
- Friendly service, despite the limited English.
- Cash only! Bummer. However, there's ATM on site (Phew).

Four solid Yelps
Came here on a weeknight with no wait.  The service was friendly and prompt. 

The dumplings I had were delicious. The noodles were amazing! So fresh and great texture. I had mine topped with roast duck and it was awesome. The prices were beyond amazing (cheaper than McD's and way fresher and tastier!!!). 

Would definitely return if I'm ever back in the area.
Enid C. has it right. 

Pork Soy Sauce Noodle, Shaved. 

It was textured to the bite, lots of surface area to pick up and hold the wonderful sauce; a large bowled experience with Ground Pork, mild Chili Flavor, Cilantro cooked into the mix, and enough liquid to cover every nano of the free form Noodles. 

Did it change my life as suggested by Enid?  The jury is still out, but the fact that they are taking so long to decide is definitely a good thing.  

I am hooked!  Just added 5 or 6 spoons of Sesame/Chili Oil from the table container, and the taste exploded in my mouth. 

When a joint has over 800 reviews there is little left to distinguish one from the rest.  Short and sweet (In this case more spicy) is the way to go.
i am short of words to recount how great of a dining experience Nanzhou was. As most restaurants in chinatown the exterior or the interior is nothing fancy, but as soon as u enter through the doors a tantalizing aroma hits you , and u are salivating already. No matter what time you get here it would be pretty busy ( you'll pretty soon figure out why ), if u make it up to the communal table gear up for some good conversation and lot of food gorging.

The service is pretty efficient , ur kettle of green tea is on the table as soon as u sit, ur food comes out in less than 2-3 minutes flat, ur chopsticks , soup spoon and condiments are pretty well laid out, so all u need to think about is the food. Just a heads up , while dining u might hear some THUMPS and THUDS from the kitchen, dont worry its not Jack Bauer trying to get Info "24" style, but just a dude getting the dough ready for the Noodles. A testament that the noodles are as fresh as one can get.

This is one of the places where i could close my eyes and place my  hand on the menu and not be disappointed at what i get. So depending on how much of a Culinary adventure u want , the option varies frm beef brisket, to ox stomach , OxTails, Lamb to Pork Ears. As for me after some Spiced Beef Tripes and Pork ears, had my first Oxtail Soup.

The broth was very flavorful, the noodles were gr8 and meat was tender, a deadly trio there. There are a bunch of condiments on the table, use them , there is the spicy peppercorn , Fish Oil ,Vinegar , Sriracha. Get the Witch doctor in you to shine to create a concoction with these in the small side plate to go with the Noodles, cos u can really nail the exact flavor u are craving for. 

In a matter of minutes my bowl of soup was wiped off all its contents, they had to fight me off to take the bowl to stop me from eating the bones.When the check comes to the table you are saddened that this experience is about to end, but one hopes that they see many more of NanZhou visits. They accept only cash , but at this point even if they asked for my limbs as payment I would happily do so :) 

 In summary if you are still reading this review and not made ur way to Nanzhou yet , just drop everything on ur calender and get here ASAP , ur palates can thank me later.

Cheers
This place came with very high recommendations and therefore very high expectations, which unfortinately were not fully met. Coming from a city like San Francisco certainly heightens the bias, but still.

We started out meal with the scallion pancakes and coconut curry dumplings. The scallion pancake, though crispy, was also incredibly oily and you couldn't distinguish the layers. A good scallion pancake should have visible, if not peelable layers from repeated twirling and folding of the dough. As for the coconut curry steamed dumplings, the flavor was certainly unique. But dumplings are ultimately judged by their skin, which in this case, was too thick and gummy. 

We also ordered a plate of chinese vegetables. It was decent. Definitely hit the spot after all the cheesesteaks and whatnot.

As for the hand pulled noodle soups, both looked great and tasted great but right off the bat, the noodles seemed little off. The noodles were way too uniform. Even from the most skilled chefs, I've had noodles that vary just slightly in size/thickness which does make me wonder about these.

Lastly, for the knife cut noodles, we ordered the seafood variety. The "dry fry" was too wet and it was also odd that they include real clams, real medium shrimps...then spoil it all with imitation crab which is about as un-seafood as you can get. However, I will give props to these noodles. They had good texture, good variation, and whoever cut them was very skilled. Several slices were very long and not too thick.
Cheap and tasty, unpretentious, satisfying, large portions, quick service.  And they take venmo if you don't have cash!

Love Nan Zhou for casual, but Good, food.  The noodles are always fresh and chewy - I really love their Combination soup and Roast Duck Soup. Flavorful broths with varied components for textures and flavors, and they don't skimp on the meat.
I have also had the pork stir fried noodles, which are also good, but I think the noodles really shine in the soups.  I can only speak for the hand-drawn style, but they also offer shaved noodles.
The portions are always enough for two meals for me.

Don't expect the warmest service or atmosphere, but hey, you're here to eat!
Nan Zhou has been on my "to visit" list for months now, and did not disappoint. It's small and has brusque service that requires a lot of pointing and ordering by number, but the noodle soup, either handdrawn in the small open kitchen or fresh-shaved, is delicious, ridiculously cheap, and arrives at the table in 5 minutes. I was so eager to start slurping my vegetable and fried egg soup with handdrawn noodles, I forgot to take a photo until half the soup was safe in my tummy, but I think you'll still get the idea.

The vegetarian soup costs less than $4, though I added an extra, entirely unneeded deep-fried egg, for an additional 50 cents. You can see the tangle of fresh noodles, which got even more delicious as they absorbed more of the soup broth, the deep-fried egg, and what remained of the generous heap of fresh cilantro. The broth is quite delicate, and I added two Tbs. of hot chili oil and soy sauce. Handdrawn noodles can be difficult to find, and I'd suggest ordering these instead of the thicker, very doughy shaved noodles. The menu can be a bit difficult to decipher, mostly because of poor English translation, and I wished for a vegetarian -friendly side dish. Overall, though, I was very pleased with the flavor of my soup, and its great value. The soup was so perfect on a blustery fall day, I somehow managed to finish the entire, huge, bowl!
I've heard fabulous things about Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle House so decided to give it a shot since I was already in Chinatown. 

It wasn't a fancy restaurant at all. It almost reminded me of an upscale high school cafeteria. The service experience wasn't too much to speak to either. Everything came out in a timely manner, but the servers were flat in terms of customer service. 

I preface this by saying that we probably ordered the wrong thing, but I wasn't enamored by the hand drawn noodles in peanut sauce or the hand drawn beef stir fry noodles. Or at least my level of enamor was nowhere near where the general hype would placed it. Both dishes were large and tasty, however nothing extraordinary. Tasty for sure, but I feel like anything you'd get in any of the other many spots in Chinatown. Pricing was comparable to other spots as well, as in a pretty inexpensive meal. Looking around everyone had the soup noodles. We probably should have done the same. 

I'd give them another try for sure and trust my eyes (as they browse other patrons and Yelp reviews) and not with my wild side and gut.
Fresh noodles in a delicious broth coupled with tender, flavorful beef. 

That is the $9.95 House Special Noodle Soup. The shaved noodles have a fun texture that stems from the varying thickness of the fresh noodles. The beef is tender and has just the right level of flavor. There is quite a bit of cilantro, but it's not a showstopper as I can simply move it aside.

Although the broth should suffice as a drink in itself, the Mango Milk Tea is a must-try item. The flavor reminds me of the Chinese mango pudding. 

Simply delicious.
When in Philadelphia, you must visit Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle House.  Proudly sporting the Zagat 2013 sticker in the front door, this place does NOT disappoint!

Spicy Pig Ears - I love Pig Ears.... even the non Pig Ear lovers will eat it.  I have proof from Rachel A (http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=-x1516ZG5GllZiBjDQlRkA).
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ntiIq1FNqduOyyowMFGh5A?select=4oSh2gKAoCKQxuUK2oEIoA#4oSh2gKAoCKQxuUK2oEIoA

Chicken Dumpling with Curry and Coconut - YUM!  It's an Asian Fusion dumpling! What a genius idea!!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ntiIq1FNqduOyyowMFGh5A?select=4oSh2gKAoCKQxuUK2oEIoA#f2KBLDtgUUUf1UE-vbR3Fw

Clam Stir Fry Hand Drawn Fresh Noodle - YUM.  Fresh noodles INDEED.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ntiIq1FNqduOyyowMFGh5A?select=4oSh2gKAoCKQxuUK2oEIoA#ay3s5xRJG682SwBRGGtdfA

Oxtail Hand Drawn Noodle Soup - Soup broth was A-MAZING!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ntiIq1FNqduOyyowMFGh5A?select=4oSh2gKAoCKQxuUK2oEIoA#TJsbQ99zSIWyGCvy7kOYjg

Portions were large.  The 2 appetizers above and 2 entrees fed 3 Yelpers, and we still had leftovers!

*Few Notes*
1) Street Parking only
2) Cash only
3) BYOB
4) Take reservations

MUST GO when you're in Philly.  You won't regret it!!
With the Pho 75 in Chinatown closing and the bulk of the Ramen Boy reviews scaring me I found myself in serious need of finding a quick and easy noodle fix when I didn't feel like climbing aboard the Pho Train (http://www.yelp.com/biz/pho-xe-lua-viet-thai-philadelphia#hrid:TqIDfYjlnBN7MbrDfxqbEA/src:self). Fortunately I remembered Rachel's and Steven's reviews and was able to savor a bowl of the comforting pleasure that hand drawn noodles delivered.

if my pho addiction had taught me anything its that the perfect asian soups have to be filled with a revitalizing broth, a plentiful and oftentimes odd assortment of additional ingredients, and a helping of some of the best noodles that you've ever had; all while coming at a fairly inexpensive pricetag. And for just $6 the seafood soup with shrimp, scallops, clams, and fish balls had Nan Zhou delivering on all cylinders. But the main thing I wasn't expecting was the fact that the tantalizing consistency and interesting back story of the hand drawn noodle recipe may have me giving pho and ramen a stink eyed comparison for the forseeable future.

Be sure to bring cash to get your fill, but not a whole lot unless your table feels the need to split random delicacies like marinated duck, beef tendons, and spicy pig ears. And be sure to keep your vegetarian friends at a distance.
i can't believe it's taken me three years to finally come here. yup, three years i've been in the city, and i only JUST stepped foot inside nan zhou a few weeks ago.

after hearing so much hype, i was afraid these noodles wouldn't meet my expectations. but oh, i was wrong. even on a hot august day, the piping hot bowl of beef noodle soup really hit the spot.

the price IS cheap for the quantity and quality of both the beef and noodles you get here. personally, i prefer the hand-drawn to the knife-shaved noodles, but neither can be considered my favorite. the texture is a tad on the rough side, but if you let them soak in the soup for a while, they become softer and more flavorful. mmm just the way i like it.

my only complaint? too much cilantro and green onions, yuck. also, the zha jiang mian was a little less... traditional than i expected. a little more soupy and a little less pasty than i'd like, but still delicious nonethless.

my favorite was actually the spicy pork ear as a cold appetizer dish though. i could eat that for days on end. i love the chili oil it was marinated in, but at $7.99, a tad on the pricey side given that half the dish was radish filler underneath the layer of pork ear.
My theory on certain Chinese food items is they spread in droves across America, with the following key characteristics:  simple, cheap, and authentic.  This happened with scallion pancakes a few years ago and soup dumplings a little more recently, but maybe hand pulled noodles is the new craze in various parts of the country.  Nanzhou is probably Philly's most famous rep for la mian (handpulled noodles), and it has many local accolades to prove it.

Nanzhou does the city of brother love well, giving a chance for tourists (the main clientele here) a chance to sample some cheap Chinese eats.  The place is divey for Philly standards and true to it's Chinatown form:  it's cramped and difficult for group dining, a bit dodgy at night, and not exactly the cleanest place on the block.  Yet it's still among the "places to go" in most Philly tour guide books and luckily for many non-Chinese literate patrons, the menu is in English.

For roughly $6 a bowl, one can have various versions of handpulled noodles (or "handshaved" noodles in the menu) in a simple yet tasty vegetable, meat, or seafood broth.  The noodles themselves aren't too starchy, semi-thin like spaghetti, and perfectly smooth for the inevitable "noodle slurp."  In terms of toppings / meats, the beef can be a tad tough, but the seafood and fish balls are dynamite almost every time.  I always recommend a tea egg with the soup, and take advantage of the vinegar, hot chili condiments at the table for that extra kick.  If the regular menu of meats are a bore, definitely go for the atypical choices like tripe, pig ears, or oxtail for a savory alternative.

Service isn't going to be the nicest but they'll always be efficient.  They fill glasses of water / tea up quickly and are quick to clean the table for people waiting in line during their rushed dinner service.  I do wish they opened later than 9PM each night and if they're going to service tourists, I'm surprised they've stuck to cash only.  Perhaps this is the only way to prevent the prices from spiking.  Here's hoping they stay afloat by continuing to offer their noodle soups on the cheap.
Cash Only

Small hole in the wall place that serves up big portions of hand drawn noodle soups which will fill you up & happy, so be prepared & come in hungry here.

Scallion pancakes: 3.5 stars
On the small side but these are small crispy pancakes that pack a yummy punch & when you dip these babies into sauce, they're a delicious.

Seafood hand drawn noodle soup: 3.5 stars
The noodles were thin soft white noodles that were on the bland side but very springy & yummy. The amount of seafood was on the sparse side & the broth was on the salty side. 

Scallop hand noodle soup: 3 stars
Very small amounts of scallop in this noodle soup but a very large amount of noodles in this bowl. 

Ambiance & decor: C
Average small clean Chinese restaurant in the heart of Chinatown Philly.

Service: B-
Had to wave the waitresses down couple times for condiments & menu but they did come by once to refill our cups with water.
I've only been to Chinatown twice and I ate here both times -- I don't know if I can branch out to anywhere else now, I'm that hooked.  The noodles are perfect, I like both the hand-drawn and shredded styles.  I think the shredded lends itself better to stir fry and hand drawn to soup, but I don't think you can go wrong either way.  The soup broth is delicious.  I could fill up a Big Gulp cup and drink it on it's own.  Their dumplings or potstickers are great too.  I don't know if they're made in house or just reheated from frozen, but if it's the later I'd like to know the brand!

Everything is well priced and I can't say I've eaten anything there I didn't love.  It's also quite clean for a place in Chinatown, not that a bit of grit has ever stopped me before.  Service is very fast and quite friendly.

Only went a week or so ago but I already can't wait to go back.  I really wish this was closer to me, but perhaps that wouldn't be good for my waistline.
I came here after reading some reviews on Yelp, which said that there were both meat-friendly and vegetarian-friendly item(s) on the menu.  

Unfortunately, this was not the case.  Unlike what some other people have insinuated, the noodle soup with egg and vegetable noodle soup is not vegetarian.  Actually every single item on their menu is not vegetarian save for the single dish of peanut sauce over noodles.  I specifically asked the people working there, and that's a fact that the soup they use in all of their noodle soup is a beef-based soup.  Yes, even the vegetable and egg noodle soup.  

Still, my boyfriend (not being a vegetarian) really liked the noodles there and the service is very fast and the dishes, very cheap.  I did order the vegetable and egg noodle soup before I bothered to read the menu more carefully, so I ended up packing that to go for my boyfriend later and instead ordering the peanut sauce over dry noodles with an egg on the side.  Still, it was good, and only for something like $3.75.  

Recommended if you eat meat, otherwise, though the peanut sauce over noodles is pretty good, nothing to go out of your way for.
Great price and quality! I got the duck noodle soup. The texture of the hand drawn noodles are fantastic. My other table mates got the fried rice, which they both said was to their liking. The curry chicken dumplings were delicious as was the scallion pancake (although a bit greasy). Mini buns were not really my thing.
WOW! Noodles are delicious.Brisket soup was my favorite.
Three words: Delicious, cheap, incredible.  Let me elaborate on each.

Delicious -- Amazingly fresh noodles; a rich and flavorsome clear broth; fresh green herbs, and delectable pieces of meat.  Even the tea was tasty.

Cheap -- My husband and I each got a bowl of noodle soup.  The bowls were larger than we expected, a very bountiful soup!  Our total check came to $11.50.

Incredible -- Being able to watch our noodles made right in front of our eyes warmed us before we even began eating our soup.

We definitely plan to return.
Reminds me of my mom's cooking--and that pretty much says it all.

Yes, it's a tiny little hole in the wall, and there isn't much in terms of decor or service. But the food more than makes up for it. 

For around $6 (fair warning: it's cash-only, but they have an ATM in the vestibule), you get a giant steaming bowl of hand-drawn or shaved noodles. I'm a huge fan of the beef brisket, which tastes exactly like what my mom used to make at home. I have to echo what the other reviewers are saying--this isn't some noodle joint serving ounces upon ounces of MSG. It's authentic, and my goodness is it delicious. 

I come here whenever a craving hits me (and strong-arm friends into accompanying me) and I always leave satisfied with impressed friends. They have a pretty extensive menu that isn't limited to noodles; try the roast marinated duck and jellyfish.
This is the real deal. I lived in Beijing for 6 months, and the way this shop makes their noodles is the authentic way. If you don't know what I'm talking about, the noodle-maker takes a ball of dough, stretches it out, slaps it down onto the board, folds in half and then repeats.

That probably didn't make any sense, so you've gotta go and see it for yourself. What to order? You can't go wrong with their niu rou tang mien (beef noodle soup). The beef isn't too fatty or too dry, and the soup base is seasoned just right.

If you're in Chinatown, I think this is one of the best quick meals to be had. Sure, the wait staff of one person isn't going to be the nicest nor most attentive server in the world, but you don't go to a real hole in the wall to be pampered.
NYC has Lan Zhou and Philly has Nan Zhou. Frankly, I like Nan Zhou better!

Special thanks to Jocy C for doing her research and finding this restaurant on our weekend retreat. She even got us a cab to get us there. Sometimes, parking and driving to little Chinatown can be a hassle.

The food at Nan Zhou is outstanding. Best part is that it is a casual place and so down to Earth. Quality is top notch. Aside from soups, they have fresh noodle dishes and an array of other things that are really worth trying.

As much as I eat, I don't consider myself very adventurous. Pig ears are exotic to me and I found the ones at Nan Zhou delicious and edible. They were spicy, sliced thin, and crunchy. It was a great appetizer to start. Dumplings are a must. We tried the Coconut Chicken ones. I love noodles and we got a stir fried clam one and an ox tail soup. Everything was amazing and refreshing after downing a few cheesesteaks.

Nan Zhou is great cold weather food. Forget the rain storm and warm up to slurping noodles. Just mind your manners before getting too sloppy.
At Nan Zhou, the noodles are the star of the show. There's something about hand drawn noodles that really elevate a dish. I can't describe it too well, but it has to do with the bite and texture of the noodles. And it's not just the noodles, it's the combination of everything from the broth to the protein that makes the food at Nan Zhou really stand out.

For most noodle dishes, you get the option of choosing either hand drawn or shaved noodles. The shaved noodles are the wider ribbon noodles. My boyfriend and I got the house special broth noodles and seafood stir-fry noodles, both with hand drawn noodles. Like most dishes, each dish cost around $11 which is cheap in my books considering that one dish could easily be split into two meals. Both dishes are generous with the protein and tastes just like home, making them great comfort foods. 

This restaurant easily gets a 4.5 stars from me due to the quality of the food and the very, very reasonable prices.
Saw so many great reviews about Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle House, so we had to come try it! What's not to love about hand drawn noodles?

- Pork and Chive Dumplings ($6.75 fried or $5.95 steamed): each order comes with 8 dumplings! Pretty juicy and plump - flavorful bites!
- Beef Noodle Soup ($8.25): the beef was whatever, but I definitely enjoyed the noodles. QQ!

Besides dumplings and lots and lots of noodle soup, they also have dry noodles. Most things are under $10, which is awesome!
I know everyone raves about this place and it's good, but almost never great. There are so many places I like better. I especially Dum Sum Garden right next door. Had the house special soup today. It was very hearty on a cold day. The scallion pancakes are outstanding. The dumplings are good but not great . Get the cucumber salad. Always a good choice. Lamb soup is good and very lamby.
Best damn noodles ever.

Pork soy sauce hand drawn noodles are nothing like I've ever tasted. I got them on a whim, thanks to all the yelp reviews and I am so happy I did! I was in noodle coma, if it wasn't completely disgusting, I might have licked the plate. 

We also ordered some chicken and shrimp dumplings that were great. A few of them on a plate, plenty to share. And the dipping sauce was pretty delicious too!

The best thing about this place is that it's simple. They have a few tables, but are trying to get people in and fed. So much so that they ask you to share tables and make friends! 

The prices are super reasonable and honestly so many things around the restaurant looked amazing, that it would be crazy to not return. I will definitely be back, and will get enough a week's worth of noodles to keep me sane in Jersey.
I'm convinced that a solid bowl of soup noodles is the cure-all for all maladies, hangovers included. Wasn't feeling too hot after a long night of shenanigans till I had a bowl of beef brisket noodle soup here. It seriously revitalized me! The broth was piping hot (absolute must when it comes to soup noodles), with a light beef flavor that wasn't too overly seasoned or overpowering. I'm really sensitive to MSG and get really thirsty afterwards, but that didn't happen to me here. The noodles were also fresh and chewy.

Cheap prices, delicious noodles, generous portion sizes, and speedy service. What's there not to love?
These are the most amazing noodles EVER. I'm from NYC but have yet to find anything that even comes close here. Ever since my friend introduced me to Nan Zhou Noodle House four years ago, I insist that we come here every time I visit her in Philly. The noodles are my main motivation to go to Philly, but shhhh, don't tell my friend that =) 

They have two types of noodles, which they make at the restaurant: hand-drawn (like spaghetti) and shaven (wide flat noodles). I prefer the beef brisket noodle soup with shaven noodles. You can also add an fried egg into your soup, which is pretty tasty. The broth is so homey and delicious. They also have dry noodles but I think the soup is better. The proportions are HUGE so it's hard to even come close to finishing it. On top of that, it's SO cheap. If you're feeling adventurous, I would also recommend starting with the beef tendon on top of pickled radish. 

This place is a must try and worth the trip (from NY) to Philly. It's THAT good.
Wow, Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle House was really epic. The prices are very reasonable, especially considering its location. Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle House has an incredible Spicy Beef Tendons, this was my very first time trying it at this restaurant, and I was pleasantly surprised with how good it was. The staff is excellent and very welcoming. I will definitely return to Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle House when I'm in the area again.
If even your take-out stuff is great, then who's to say this isn't a swell place? Tried out this place a few more times, and even la madre, who was skeptical of Nan Zhou, said, "I might just be really hungry but this actually tastes good." A very auspicious sign indeed.

In short, the soup was very hot and the noodles very delicious. Everything was as fresh as you could get, and the sliced beef we ordered was slightly fatty but good. Usually, even take-out pho isn't as good. I may have found my new to-go spot for dinner! And we ate this in an un- airconditioned room at 90 or so degrees (highly unrecommended).

Oh and the inside is pretty swanky compared to their old location. Kudos to the dIm lighting, smooth (and plentiful) tables and a/c! Everything was cheap and service was efficient. Guess it's time to check up on Lan Zhou, eh? I stand by this review until something bad happens during my next visit!
When it comes to Chinese restaurants, it's no secret that they are often lacking in the name department.  They usually contain words like "Lucky" and "Happy" and "King," or they just describe the restaurant in the most obvious way possible, like "Chinese Restaurant" or this place, "Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle." Anyway, this place is bonkers good. BONKERS! The noodles are always perfectly cooked, springy and slightly chewy, and the soup is delicioso. I always get the beef stew noodle soup and Grace always gets the ja jang mien (#14).  

You can get the noodles shaved or hand drawn, in my opinion you gotta go with hand drawn every time.  Oh yeah and you can get the ja jang mien with a fried egg on top which looks amazing as well.  Definitely gonna try that next time.  

Peace, noodles, happiness.
This place is truly a classic! I can't come near Chinatown without daydreaming about the pork soy sauce noodles. Last time we were here we came with a huge appetite and with some friends. The restaurant was not packed at like 3 pm, and we got to order the menu and not rush through the meal. 

I got Scallion Pancakes (always get at least 2), Fried Chicken Wings and the Pork & Chives Dumpling to start. The wings were the only thing that I feel like I could've done without - or they needed a sauce. Otherwise everything was fantastic. 

Our friends had the meatball soup and the general tso chicken and were obsessed with both. 

But as always, the star of the show was my plate of Pork soy sauce hand drawn noodles. They don't look fancy, they don't even smell particularly good, but they are hands down the best thing on the menu. 

So get yourself down here, and eat through a few plates until you find your favorite.
CASH ONLY, ATM inside.

* OMGGGG I LOVE SPICY BEEF TENDONS!! Must get here. I really appreciate how it's served with pickled radish&carrots. So refreshing, balanced dish indeed.
I feel like I got more in my togo container VS getting it at the restaurant.

* Beef brisket noodle soup was good, not over the top

* Scallion pancakes was SO GOOD & CHEAP! We ended up ordering 2 for 3 people.

* Fried buns are usually served with straight up condensed milk. However, they water it down here...

* Egg rolls - exactly what it is, nothing special.

* Chicken stir fried fresh noods - skip it. Very bland.

* Seafood noodle soup - I got it with shaved noodles. Really enjoyed the noods. Broth is also good.
My favorite of the Yelp's soup faves that is really just the faves of others in which I change the faves of friends that do not have soup faves that is Nan Zhou. Got it?

Fairly simple. Get cash (less $10 bucks). Get delicious soup. Eat in/take out. 

Repeat. 

Dassit.
In Anthony Bourdain's book, "The Nasty Bits," he brings up the topic of what chefs would eat if they knew it were their last meal.  Invariably, very few want gourmet tastings, foie gras, etc., but rather comfort foods that remind them of childhood.  For similar reasons, I find myself often seeking out a perfect lunch that not only stimulates my stomach and taste buds, but leaves me reminiscent for the food I grew up on. 

After bearing the snow for Nanzhou, I am fully convinced that this is the single best bowl of soup in Philadelphia.   First off, the beef broth is rich -- not fatty, but flavorful.  It is clear from one taste of this broth that it has been well honed over hours of simmer with beef, bones, and veggies (and just enough salt to be tasty -- this was a fairly mild soup).  Combined with freshly made "Hand Drawn" noodles, this compares favorably to even the best chicken noodle soup (it's basically the beef version of this).  Pickled cabbage, scallions, and spinach are added as garnish providing color, acidity, and bite to soft, dough-ey noodles.  

I chose the sliced beef and asked for some tripe as well -- the efficient if slightly surly waitress asked me if I wanted "a dollar or two dollars," to which I ordered a dollar.  The sliced beef had been braised and simmered over many hours, and truly melted in my mouth -- this is reminiscent if not superior to any brisket or pot roast I've had.  Tripe could have benefited from the same cook time -- it could have been quite a bit more tender.  

As the noodles are a little bland on their own, I combined chili oil, vinegar, and fish sauce (all on the table) into my own dipping sauce, which provided the noodles with heat, sweet, salt, and acid.  Absolutely perfect.

On a cold winter's day, I was brought back to the chicken soup and pot roast of my Jewish upbringing and Eastern European ancestry -- tastes I create in my own kitchen but typically lack the love, time, and effort when consumed outside.  Yet in this culture far removed from Eastern Europe, a few Chinese cooks in a small, understated shop, were able to transcend time and location, fill my stomach, and make me smile not only for the taste of their food, but for memories of meals and times past.
As a 100% Chinese, Chinatown is the least place I wanna visited in those places which have Chinatown. You may call me hypocritic but Chinatown does not resemble my hometown or honor my home country at all.  And I mostly doubt that Chinatown have authentic Chinese food. But this place surprised me a little bit

Location: inner cycle in Chinatown. It's called race street. It is next to dim sum garden which I would love to visit but my dad preferred this place. There are many tables but still many people have to wait til be seated. 

Food: had beef brisk noodle and veggie dish for lunch. Not expensive and heavenly delicious, both noodles and dish are great. Especially, the noodle reminds me of the noodle I ate back when I was kid. 

Service: when you are in Chinatown, there's no such thing called service!

Overall: a 4 star authentic Chinese food for both Chinese and Americans to try.
Pretty upset after hearing how great this place was. The service was quick but horrible. Ordered chicken wings and they were very mediocre. The noodles were okay. Wished it came with more veggies than the cabbage. There are definitely better noodles places in Chinatown.
Hand torn = the thin noodles
Sliced noodles = the thicker noodles

Usually at other places, hand-torn noodles are often the thicker noodles but this place has it reversed. We learned this the hard way when we ordered hand-torn and received thin noodles :( . Despite the mishap, we were quite satisfied with our meals. The braised beef noodle soup is a definite must-have. The soup had such a nice deep broth flavor and their addition of the radishes made this noodle soup perfect. It was so good that I wouldn't let the waitress take the empty bowl away until every drop of soup was gone. Their fresh beef pan fried noodles had a nice texture because of the thickness of the noodles however this dish was a bit bland for me and I ended up adding red vinegar and soy sauce to the dish. The scallion pancake was also definitely worth it! It was cheap and crispy and delicious. I personally did not care for the curry wontons and would rather order the scallion pancake. 

Overall, totally worth visiting. Definitely get the braised beef noodle soup with sliced noodles and the scallion pancake.
NOOOODLES!!!!!!!!! IN SOOOUUUUP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

My favorite thing in the world!

First lunch in Philly and first official food stop on Philly food crawl brought us through an especially animated Chinatown (4th of July apparently makes us Chinese break out the....Dragon dance? Chinese operas? Cooking demos????). Ten minutes of politely wending through the crowds and we finally made it in here.

The boyfriend and I are avid noodle soup fans and he was just plain delighted by the opportunity to watch real noodle-makers making noodles...by hand! I love this place for being so Taiwanese. The staff speak Taiwanese Mandarin, they serve pickled vegetables on top as garnish the way only Taiwanese people do and the menu has a big emphasis on beef noodle soups. Ahhh! I'm in Taiwan heaven!

I got the beef brisket and the boy got the sliced beef. Now, you have to understand that beef noodle soup is the comfort food, the slice of pizza, the pint of Ben & Jerry's, the mac 'n' cheese of Taiwanese cuisine. And just like those wonderful items, beef noodle soup can come in many forms. At its most unhealthy, it is thick and hearty, spicy and slightly greasy with fatty chunks of tender beef. That's my favorite version of it.

But I am not averse to its more healthful cousin. The light, almost clear, flavorful broth, the low-fat cuts of beef, the healthy spinach, the utter lack of grease or spice of any kind. This is what Nan Zhou serves. And it's so delicious. It's like chicken soup for the soul. The Taiwanese soul. And I can't believe it's under $6 for a piping hot bowl of this. Oh God, I wish I could bring this restaurant back to Boston!
Drove past this restaurant and you know you had hit a local favorite Chinese restaurant when:

1. A lot of Asians customers waiting and blocking the entrance.
2. The name of the restaurant specifies one region or city, in this case, Lan Zhou (not Nan Zhou) and one kind of food (hand drawn noodle).
3. When you ask for a table, you are told that you can have it right away if you are willing to share or have to wait at least 1/2 hour.

The food does not disappoint. Very chewy (in a good way) and supple hand drawn (long and skinner) or knife cut (thicker and shorter) noodle with tasty complements like beef tendon, mixed sea food, or home made meatball. The later is a little too strong for my taste. The dumpling (always order steamed instead of fried for the freshness and health reason) were good with pork and generous mix of chives.

The interior is also pretty new and the bathroom is clean. Based on other reviews I guess they just moved to this new location.
The line for this restaurant can get pretty intense so come at a slightly off time if you can. Service is super fast though, so don't be discouraged by a slight wait.

We started with the pickled pig ears. Wow! I was amazed at how thinly sliced the pieces were. The ears come on a bed of picked daikon and carrots. The slightly sweet taste of the veggies went remarkably well with the spicy pig ears. Would recommend!

The bowls of noodles are HUGE are are totally shareable. (They'll even bring you out the extra bowl.) I would ask them for thicker noodles (otherwise the default are the thin ones). Generous amounts of beer tendon -- so tender!!-- in my noodles, along with bok choy and scallions. The broth is out of this world. I could drink that stuff all day. Noodles are hand drawn and super jindou as we'd say in Chinese (kind of like our version of al dente but not quite the same meaning).
The noodles are delicious. Just perfect for this sweater weather time of the year! 

I came to Nan Zhou and we ordered the Beef Brisket Noodle Soup along with steamed dumplings and they were both good. 

So being new to the noodle house, I was giving background info on the work it takes to provide delicious noodles through hand pulling. When ordering you can choose from a thick or thin noodle and we chose both.

Hearing the process that goes into creating this meal, made me appreciate it even more. The broth was also good and I'm sure it can make me feel better if I had a cold.

The highlight of my experience was me trying to use the chopsticks that were giving to us. I was giving a brief lesson on using the chopsticks and I tried and tried and tried and towards the end I was able to grab a little something and I felt like my mission was accomplished! 

Overall I look forward to returning to the noodle house!
For the price and wide array of items on the menu, there's not many bad things I can say about this establishment. I really enjoy coming here for comfort food and getting their shaved noodle soup. I usually get the roast pork noodle soup, but I decided to be spontaneous and got their house special meatballs which instantly became my favorite here. The portion was more than enough for me to finish. My friend ordered the mapo tofu with hand drawn noodles which she enjoyed as well. Personally I prefer shaved noodles but the hand drawn noodles were great too. Together we got the sesame pancakes, which was only $3.50 and, while was not the best I've had - it did not disappoint either. 

Come here on a cold or rainy day....or any day you're craving noodle soup! 

Cash only.
We stopped at this place based off of the positive yelp reviews and were blown away.  The spicy beef noodle soup was amazing (aka braised beef). We had the spicy and the non-spicy version I would recommend the spicy as most people should be able to tolerate that and the meat is much better.
Struggling to find what could be improved I could only see the bubble tea could have a much better recipe.  The honey dew is much too sweet but the bubbles are very tender and tasty.
The appetizers for we got were the cucumbers and brittle turn up which should be better named crunchy turnup was very tasty and had a little heat to it
Whoa. Delicious. I've had hand drawn noodles in NYC and this place surpasses it far and wide.

We scuttled in right before closing time, and they were gracious enough to wait past their closing time to serve us. Expect curt service and rushed checks. 

We got the spicy beef tendons, which were delicious. We also stupidly ordered dumplings but never got around to it since they gave us it after our entrees. But I ate one and that was great as well!

I got the roasted duck noodles which was a-maz-ing. The one thing about hand drawn noodles that doesn't mesh well with my messy eating habits is their insane slipperyness and clumping..ness. It was hard detangling all the noodles with my chopsticks so they kept plopping back into my bowl and spraying my table with soup. Nonetheless, it was DELICIOUS! The duck was plentiful and the skin was crispy. The broth was beyond amazing, and didn't leave me thirsty like most MSG-full soups do. 50 cent extra for fried egg. And they give you a lot. So you should get it. Because the total added up to around $10/person for the whole meal!

Simply amazing.
The food here is UHHHH-Mazing.... The noodle dishes are excellent, the portion sizes are generous, and the prices are ridiculously cheap considering the previous two attributes (great food, large portions). Here's the thing though... if you're looking for your typical stock Chinese stuff that you find at your local takeout then you'll probably be disappointed... but if you're looking for delicious noodles and flavorful broths, then this is the spot to go to. Super casual spot with little ambiance and okay service - if you're coming here, it's all about the food. One thing to note is that they only take cash.
I really liked this place but my dining companion was less enthused.  I had Lamb Noodle Soup and it was delish though there was way too much bone and fat.  Next time I go I will get the beef brisket, because there was just no bone in it.  The noodles were really good and so was the broth. 

I got a kick out of watching the dude make the noodles as well.  Very cool.
Not bad. To be honest, I came in with really high expectations, so I was kind of disappointed when I actually got the food. I got take out- hand drawn noodles with brisket.

The noodles...were PHENOMENAL. They were fresh, and undoubtedly the best hand drawn noodles I've eaten in a long time. Sadly, they were foiled by a bland, oily broth as well as fatty brisket. It was a bit tough, and I found myself enjoying the noodles more than, well, everything else. However, it somewhat helps that the soup is pretty cheap.

It wasn't a bad experience. In fact, I have a strange craving for it right now... with it being all cold and miserable outside. (Please.Stop.Snowing.)

I have a proposition that Nan Zhou noodles+ Pho broth+ Pho's lean sliced brisket would make an awesome bowl of soup. Just sayin'...
Pros: 
-Broth and noodles are simply amazing! If all you order is a bowl of noodle soup you will go home so satisfied it will remind you of home comfort and give you a happy belly! 
-The prices are extremely affordable so get appetizers such as pot stickers and my favorite, the pancake! For a group of 8 of us, with 3 appetizers and 4 bowls of soup, the tab came out to be $7 per person! 
-The service was fast and as friendly as Asian service can get (eh). 
-Whenever in Chinatown, you must try this place! 

Cons: 
-Cash only
If you love pho, you will love this place.

The menu is simple and straightforward. Choose your protein (beef, duck, ox tail, vegetable, what have you) then you choose whether you want the handdrawn noodles or the shaved noodles. 

So far I can only speak for one soup, the duck with handdrawn noodles. It's pretty good. Comes with a lot of greens.  Make sure to add some sririacha and chili oil! The only qualm I could have is that they don't give you the good meat on the duck, kind of like the more fatty and bony parts.  Tastes like the typical chinatown roast duck (the ones hanging in the windows).

Big ups on price, freshness, good free tea, and fast service! Beware of possibly having to share a table with other people if it's really busy (like I had to!) It's not that bad though.
You're going to a hand drawn noodle house... Please use common sense and order some HAND DRAWN NOODLES... Especially if it's your first time here. 

I usually don't venture to far from the noodle bowl because it's big, filling and delicious. It's got amazing broth with soft fresh noodles. I usually go for the chicken chop, but I've heard every bowl is amazing. 
If you need an appetizer for your fancy date night, then I highly recommend the fried chicken curry dumplings. You get like 8 perfectly seared pieces of goodness. 

This place is a staple in Chinatown. It's fantastic for those cold Philly nights. It's CASH ONLY and a bowl costs around $7-8, so come prepared!
The following takes place between the hours of 12PM and 1PM on today.  Events occurred in real time.

(Scene - BRAD's room)
BRAD - (on Phone) Why yes I will be able to make the awards ceremony for my work with healing sick orphans.  Thank you so much for the invitation(knock at door).  Hang on, someone is at the door.  I wonder-

(The door explodes!  Enter JACK Bauer, who draws his gun on BRAD P.!)

JACK - Jack Bauer! CTU! Put your hands in the air! 
BRAD - OK don't shoot!(BRAD puts his hands in the air)
JACK - I need information and I'm running out of time!  Tell me where I can get a delicious bowl of noodle soup now!!
BRAD - I don't know what you are talking about!!
JACK - Liar!! I know about the bomb!  I know about your connection to it and I know that hand drawn noodle soup is the key I need.  It needs to be chock full of greens and taste really healthy and not too salty!! I will ask you again, where can I get a delicious bowl of sliced beef noodle soup that meets these requirements within like one minute of ordering it!!
BRAD - This makes no sense!
JACK - Dammit!(Shoots BRAD in the knee)
BRAD - Oh no my knee!
JACK - I have shot your knee!!
BRAD - My knee has been wounded! Walking will be difficult!  
JACK- I hate that you make me do this but I will do what has to be done!!(JACK shoots himself in the knee) ARGH! My Knee!
BRAD - Alright crazy man I will talk! Nanzhou hand drawn noodle house has the best noodle soup that comes out improbably fast!!
JACK - dammit that's all the way in Chinatown! Since we both can't walk now due to our shot knees, we will hail a cab there!!
12:10:22
12:10:32
(Scene - Nanzhou Hand Drawn Noodle House in Philadelphia)
JACK - Dammit! these prices are extremely reasonable!
BRAD - I agree!! The portions are also very generous!
JACK - It isn't easy saving America over and over again.  That's why I need to eat a delicious, hearty lunch and not spend too much of the taxpayer money.  That's why I'm willing to scream and wound people for a great lunch at Philadelphia's Nanzhou Hand Drawn Noodle House!

(end scene.)
FOOD:
- hand drawn noodles
- chewy mouth feel 
- great comfort hangover food or during the cold weather or just when you want some comfort noodly hug to your stomach 
- NOMZ.
- writing this review makes me hungry 

VIBE:
- been here 3 - 4 in the course of 2 year
- always busy when I've been there
- service relatively fast 
- servers won't check in with you or make small talks. their emphasis is on the food, not so much service or atmosphere

**TIPS:
- CA$$H ONLY
Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodles is Philly's hidden noodle spot! The noodle soups will soothe your soul and satisfy your appetite. The Braised Sliced Beef noodle soup (spicy) & The Sliced Beef Noodle soup are my go-to items depending on if I'm craving something spicy or not. The noodles are enjoyable to chew. The quality of the meat is tender and they don't skimp out on the amount they serve. The bone broth of the soups are so flavorful! Nothing is overly salted, the soups highlight the natural flavor of each ingredient. The veggies aren't over cooked either, they add a nice crunch to the meal. 

Nan Zhao is where I take friends who are visiting Philly. Nan Zhao never fails to impress!
4.5 Stars to Clarify********
Having been raised in a family that comes from the region these noodles originated in China, I have tried authentic hand drawn noodles. I am pleased to say that this restaurant definitely serves the real deal. On a cold winter night, this place is perfect to warm up your belly and spirits. I ordered the basic beef noodle soup and the noodles were tasty and had great texture. The beef was tender, thinly sliced, and flavorful complimenting the cilantro and onions. 
Although the contents of the soup were well made, the soup itself wasn't as delicious as authentic beef noodle soup. It felt a bit bland and wasn't as savory but for a noodle place in Philadelphia, it's by far the best. 
In addition to the noodles, definitely try the cold dishes like the cucumbers and the fried dumplings.
If it's your first time here go with the Spicy Braised Sliced Beef Noodle Soup.

The noodles are OK, i expect them to be better since they're hand drawn but the flavors and meat in the broths are very flavorful. i enjoyed the cilantro and the other garnishes in here. the broth can get a little oily though, so be careful if your stomach is sensitive to that.

i tried the spicy pig ears and i wasn't impressed! i thought they were going to be hot and fried but they were cold and squishy. the dumplings are 2/5. they could definitely be made way better with better consistency.

overall, i enjoy the noodles here but i wouldn't rave home about it
Get the brisket noodle soup and you will know that you haven't lived until you tasted that dish. I could eat that every day if I could. So fresh and delicious and prices are affordable. I also tried their chicken curry dumplings and I honestly ate the whole entire appetizer by myself. I absolutely love this place.
Best hand drawn noodles in Chinatown (and that I've had in general). Never been disappointed by a meal here. Their noodle soups are all good, just depends on what kind of meat you want. Try the shaved noodles if you like a thicker chewier noodle. The stir fried hand drawn noodles are also very good and tasty. BYOB, and cash only for reference!
*THIS PLACE HAS OUTDOOR SEATING* despite what Yelp says on their front page. 

Best noodle house in town. I love this spot and this is the place I go to every time I'm in the city. They DO NOT take cash so bring cash. I hear from other Yelpers that they take venmo, which I was not advised by the waitress but they do not take credit card. 

I got the House Special noodle soup and it is delicious. The aroma of the broth is so strong that you can smell it even while sitting inside. It's not spicy at all but if you want to add a little chili oil to it, just ask for it and they'll give you some condiments. They add some pickled green mustard to it and some Chinese broccoli, which gives it a nice little balance. The best thing in it is the meatballs. I gave some to my sister and she loved it so much that I gave her the rest of mine.

My sister got the dried noodle, which was also very good. The only thing is that its just a tad bit oily but the portion size is really great for the price. 

Best noodles in town. I would recommend this if you're in Philly and looking for a nice soup dish.
My parents and I ordered food to go from here tonight. Ordered pork and chive dumpling, coconut chicken curry dumpling, beef stir fried noodles, sesame chicken 
And bok choy with fresh garlic.

Everything tasted amazing and my parents agreed, which made me very happy since I picked everything out. Everyone's favorite were the dumplings. None of us were able to pick between the pork/chive and coconut chicken curry. We honestly could not pick! Dumplings had a generous portion of meat filling. Extremely thick and absolutely delicious. 

The to go box came with the sauce for dumplings plus chili oil. They put all the food in a brown paper bag and provided a little eco bag for extra protection. Great and fast service.
We stumbled upon this place in Philly had a great dinner. Very authentic and very fresh. We will be back
On a recent jaunt through Chinatown, the GF and I decided to get some takeout. From Dim Sum Garden, we had to get some XLB aka Soup Dumplings to go. I also wanted to try some of the offerings from nearby Nan Zhou, where the hand-pulled noodles are on point.

Steamed Chicken Dumpling [$4.75]
Coconut, Curry

The GF was craving more than soup dumplings, so we got some cococnut curry chicken dumplings. They had a nicely delicate flavor that didn't hit you over the head and the accompanying vinegar-based soy sauce was a nice complement.

Shredded Pork Stir Fried Fresh Noodles [$8.95]

In comparison to their broth-based dishes, which showcase a more substantial hand-pulled noodle, these noodles were thinner, but still retained much of the accompanying sauce. In addition to a melange onions, garlic, carrots, and greens, there was shredded pork, which had good flavor.

 Brittle Turnip [$4.25]

I also wanted to get some of the turnips, which were really interesting. An interplay between sweet and sour notes, these were spicy thanks to the peppers. Incredibly addictive.

So while Dim Sum Garden may be king for most, do try the noodle dishes at Nan Zhou. It's cash only but for an affordable price, you can leave stuffed and satiated.
Affordable & absolutely delicious! We came at around 2pm on a Saturday and there was no wait with many tables available. My friend and I both ordered the hand pulled noodles with pork soy sauce. 

The hand pulled noodles were SO good and tasted fresh. They were the right amount of chewy. Highly recommend this dish as it was extremely flavorful and had a lot of minced pork. We were stuffed by the end of our meal. I would definitely come back to try other hand pulled noodle dishes. Customer service is great and food comes out fast. They accept either Venmo or cash!
Love this spot! What would I do without noodles? The texture is perfect and tender. I love the hand shaven noodles because they are more satisfying for me and filling. 

I would recommend the green onion pancake because it's flaky and fresh. I also love the oxtail noodle soup because it's flavorful and soothing.

This is a large restaurant even though it seems shabby from the outside. Service is quick though so don't be worried coming in. I believe it's cash only.
This is *the* hand drawn noodle place. It's the only one in town, and it's the place to be when you want some authentic hand drawn noodles (basically another type of noodles made in its own way). There are a variety of flavors for meat lovers and vegetarians alike. I'd recommend either the beef or the lamb. All of the bowls are under 7 dollars and should be enough to satisfy your appetite. Your visit to Chinatown will not be complete until you check out the hand drawn noodle house!
And yet again, Yelp does not disappoint.

Heading into Philly to check out Jeweler's Row with a girlfriend, we wanted to find amazing Asian cuisine. This was a little walk away, but the reviews sold us immediately. 

Cash only.
You can easily walk by this tiny little hidden door, make sure you don't miss it.
Staff and service here is prompt and friendly, and they don't steer you wrong with recommendations.

A guy at another table had something that looked intriguing, so we tried it. Pork with soy sauce. Sounds weird. It's freaking simply amazing. Get it. You will not regret it.

I also tried the brisket soup at the Yelpers recommendation. It was amazing. The broth was very tasty, needed a bit more spicing up but that's typical because that's why they give you 500 diff bottles of things at your table, so you can make it to your own liking. Just add srirachi or chili or whatever else your taste buds need. I love that the brisket has some fat but is not ALL FAT like some of the places I've been to in the past. Great flavor.

Shared an 8 piece of steamed pork and chive dumpling, and on a return got the one with shrimp as well. I'd stick with regular pork and chive next time, but really good.

The noodles are thin yet doughy, and if I had one complaint it's that they often are globbed together in a giant mass and even the hot broth doesn't easily work it's way between them. It takes a few minutes before you can start shoveling food into your mouth. 

We puffy heart this place. I've already gone back with my husband and son and nommed yet again--bonus my 3 year old loved the noodles as well. Best part is a giant dinner for the 3 of us is barely $20 and we have leftovers to take home. Love.
373 reviews...ok, I'll keep this short and sweet.

Scrumptious hand drawn noodle soup for 2, under $15, in under 5min. Done.
Happened upon this place on a whim, looking for good comfort asian/chinese/whatever food.  It's a simple restaurant, no decor on the walls, save for a tv playing whatever asian channel you could get on cable.  The menu was pretty straightforward;  a small list of appetizers, and then a whole bunch of noodle soups with your choice of various meats.  I got the beef brisket noodle soup...the broth is good, but after the meat stews in it, its gets even better.  My girlfriend got the roast duck noodle soup, which was quite tasty, except that it was all on the bone, so eating the savory duck was a little tough.  Most soups were under $6, and as much as you eat, it seems like there's still a full bowl.  I ate half of mine and was quite full, although I definitely got dirty looks from the surrounding patrons who ate theirs to finish, with no complaints.  I was thrilled though, to have lunch leftovers.
I really wanted to love this place, but unfortunately, it was just ok. 

Pluses: 
Huge portions for cheap price.
Lots of options for the things that they do best: noodles
Fast moving line

Minuses:
Noodles were bland. They accidentally gave us shaved noodles instead of hand drawn which I didn't realize till halfway through. That's the noodle's noob in me. Either way, the broth for the roast duck noodle soup was pretty watery. The beef soups on other people's tables seemed to have a richer broth just by the color. 
Curry Dumplings were soggy
Service was rushed
Two person tables have no condiments tray so we kept having to bother the people next to us. 

Not sure if I would go back.
We came here for noodle soup and we weren't not disappointed. I had the chicken chop hand shaved noodle soup, which had plenty noodles, spinach, cilantro, and pickled veggies. The broth was very flavorful. It was perfect for a rainy day! The chicken chop was pan seared and lightly salted. It came on a separate plate from the noodles.

We got there a little before 6pm and it was practically empty, but filled up as we were finishing.

CASH ONLY.
4.5/5

This place is situated right next to Dim Sum Garden and was much less crowded than that one when I came. The service was very fast, both in terms of ordering and the food coming out. 

1. House special noodle soup with shaved noodles
4.5/5
I chose to get the shaved noodles and you can definitely tell that they are unique. The noodle texture is more bouncy and chewy; I highly recommend trying it if you have not had it before! Broth flavor was strong and clung onto the noodles well. Lots of meat pieces in the bowl as well!

2. Pork and chive dumpling
3.5/5
Dumplings were good but not as amazing as the noodles. I'd pass on this item next time.
If you're a noodle or pasta fan, then you owe it to yourself to at least stop by the nan zhou noodle shop to see what the cultural craze is all about. However, despite its popularity amongst yelpers, I was slightly unimpressed by the way in which the noodles were bathed in a fairly bland and lukewarm broth with overcooked meats. My favorite dish, ironically was actually the appetizer tendon and finely sliced pig ears. I was a bit disappointed by the small serving size (maybe 2-3 mouthful) of the pickled cucumbers for its cost. Maybe we just had an off day, or maybe the waitress was actually really rude to us and constantly gave us an annoyed and upset side glance, but I didn't really like this dining experience and would reconsider all my options before I return.

o Food: 3 stars
o Service: 2 stars
o Ambiance: 2 stars
o Price: 2-3 stars
The noodles here are really good! You can tell that they are made from scratch. Every bite reminded me of when my grandmother used to make us noodles as a little girl, so it felt so homey and I did get a little nostalgic eating the bowl of noodles. I got the oxtail soup. The meat was tender and I loved the flavor inside of the soup.  
My boyfriend and I ordered the jellyfish. DO NOT GET THE JELLYFISH. It was so bad that we had to tell our server that we did not like it. Luckily, they were nice enough to let us pick another dish. We got the tendons. They were good and flavorful. It is a cash only spot, so make sure you bring cash to eat here. 
All in all, a great place to get a nice bowl of homemade noodle soup!
I've been wanting to try Nan Zhou for a while since it's right in my hood. When we first stepped in the place was empty, but by the time we left it was packed with C town locals (a good sign!)

The menu is simple and cheap (no soup over $6). Basically it's noodles with various meat or seafood toppings (with veggie options too). I tried the ox tail while my husband opted for the beef brisket. The meat quality is good, not great, but the fresh noodles are the star here. The broth is also so hearty and tasty we didn't feel the need to add any condiments.

Although the ambiance is what it is, we did catch a glimpse of noodles being made by hand. It's worth going to see if you've never seen it done before. First, our waiter took our order then he hopped behind the counter and started making noodles! (I like to imagine that he washed his hands while I wasn't looking, but I guess it adds to the authenticity if he didn't.)

NZ might be my new noodle craving (sorry, Pho 75). I can't wait to go back and try the roast duck and $2 won ton!
Best hand drawn noodles in town! I always get the braised beef noodle soup and scallion pancakes. I tell myself I'll try something else some day, but the braised beef noodles are just too good to pass up on.
One of the reasons why I am such a big fan of Philadelphia's Chinatown is that there is a good diversity in restaurants. NY's chinatown is so dominantly Cantonese, and I have yet to find a noodle house as good as this one there. I appreciate this restaurant in part because so much of the noodles that are sold are Taiwanese; they are somewhat different, and these are more reminiscent of my grandparents' cooking. 

My friend called it the best noodles he's ever had, and I think most Yelpers have said it all. Solid restaurant for solid price.
I can guarantee that the only people raving over this place have something in common - not saying what.

My boyfriend and I loooove Chinatown, so we wanted to try something new. In comes the Hand Drawn Noodle House. We walk in and are told to go sit at a dirty table...yeah, no. Then we are clearly the only people not getting complimentary tea or friendly service. We ordered dumplings and two bowls of noodle soup. The (lukewarm) noodle soup came out (which was not nearly as good as the noodle soup down the block at Choo Choo), never got our dumplings. When we tried to ask the waitress, she said hold on and walked away from us before we could even ask where the dumplings were. She never came back over even though we were "holding on". The dumplings came out - quite literally - with our check. Never coming back to this place again!
I think the biggest regret for me was that I didn't try this place sooner. I finally decided to go down to Nan Zhou right before I left Philly, and I had a amazing bowl of lamb noodle soup with knife-shaved noodles.

Like many Chinese resturants, the difference between a 5-star experience and a 1-star experience is what you order. If you don't know what to order, chance are you'll be disappointed. 

If you've never tried knife-shaved noodles, you really have to try them at least once. In my opinion, its what makes the noodle soups at Nan-Zhou. The knife-shaved noodles are thicker, chewier and come in many different sizes and textures in your bowl. The hand-pulled noodles are thinner with a lot less chew, and basically like noodles you can get anywhere else. It's a taste-preference thing I guess. But I've noticed that there are a lot more reviews on here that complain abut the hand-drawn noodles than the knife-shaved ones.

The soup of choice for me is the lamb noodle soup, it's amazing here. Very flavorful and one of the best ones I've had on the East Coast. (There's not many places anywhere that offers lamb noodle soup in the United States).

All-in-all if you order the lamb noodle soup with shaved noodles at Nan Zhou, you should be having a 4-star to 5-star experience! Also if you find your soup bland, make sure to add the condiments you'll find on your table. Generally it's customary to add spice, etc to the soup to your liking. I can't remember if the soups from NanZhou are slightly underseasoned so you can add the chili stuff, etc that's at the table. 

I've heard also heard that the beef soups aren't bad either, but since I've never tried them, I can't give my opinion. All in all, if it's your first time, you definitely should try a beef or lamb soup with knife-shaved noodle.
Love hand drawn noodles so this place definitely did a good job! It was the first Chinese restaurant I went to in the Philly Chinatown and it didn't disappoint! 
I prefer the flat noodles than round long skinny noodles. The beef noodles were pretty good. I love hand drawn noodles for their chewiness and texture. 

This is a good place to go to on a cold Winter day as it keeps you warm for the rest of your walk around Chinatown. I recommend the duck noodles if you're more adventurous! The broth is hearty and keeps you warm! 

Good appetizer starter is starting with the char siu or roast pork. Warm tea or warm water is pretty good to go with the dishes. The value is very food for the food proportions so if you're looking for a big yummy meal for small budget this really is a good place to go for a cold night!
This place is my go-to whenever I want a giant & comforting bowl of beef noodle soup, and after 5-6 times, it's still never disappointed me.

I always start with the spicy pig ears (if you're skeptical - just try it!!) and then a beef brisket with shaved noodles. The noodles are very fresh/chewy and the soup is not too oily, like a lot of other places in the area. The best part is each meal is under $10 and there is never a wait! Will definitely come back whenever I'm in Philly.

Remember it's cash only!!
The Beef Brisket Noodle Soup is great. Also, hope you like cilantro!

If you're craving some Chinese food, I'd skip the other "fast food" Chinese places and come here. Taste, quality for price, and convenience make this place a staple for Chinatown.

Make sure to have cash and an empty stomach.
I went to this restaurant on the 2nd day of my visit in Philly. I regret not going on my 1st day too. I can't believe how delicious the food was and especially how cheap it was to dine here. I ordered scallion pancake and steamed dumplings as my appetizers. Can't really go wrong there and like I said, pretty cheap. The noodles in the beef noodle dish was the shining star. I could eat those noodles every day. This place is a winner!
