Brunch has been brought. Or served. Whatever...I scarfed down the meal that is neither breakfast nor lunch here today, and it was a winner. Plus, I partook in their legendary Bloody Mary bar. Yes - it's official. I am a convert. Throw some bacon bits in that beverage (or A1 Sauce, peppers, hot sauce, whatever - they've got it all) and your Sunday will be peachy keen.

Lots of space, great choices, servers who always bust their butts to get you what you need, good coffee and a DJ - plus my favorite bathrooms in town. What more could you need? Nothing, that's what. 

Now go forth and brunch it up next weekend. You can thank me later.
Great spot for lunch. $6 beef and veggie burgers, Anchor Steam on draft, and the veggie burgers are actually homemade and slapped together using actual vegetables. It almost looks like shoestring veggies pressed together into a patty. Top that off with cheese and it's awesome. 

Their house infused liquors are killer as well.

Coolest bar in Old City if you ask me.
Newest Fan of National Mechanics..this place has a cool vibe; great service and even better food!  I started out with the frisky sour drink special as we waited for our food!  This was a good call on my part..drink was well balanced with flavor and nice amount of alcohol!

The wings are so delicious and my friend love her burger! We were so full because we wanted to order the 'Pretzel', but that is for the next visit!

The server was attentive and made good recommendations!
I love National Mechanics.  Before I even went there, I wanted to love NM. It's so cool looking. Also, when I first wanted to try it, they had Yards Pynk on tap.  Pretty awesome. 

But, then, one fateful day, I tried to go to NM. The story goes like this: I finally convinced a friend (the lovely Jill F.) to try it with me, and as we're standing, within the columns of their porch, reading their menu, a pigeon hits us! This pigeon must have eaten the worst food (and I assume some cruel kids had fed it laxatives). In one go, it hit my head and arm and my friend's arm! It was the mother-load of pigeon poo!  So we used their bathrooms to rinse of the green gooeyness and went home.

A month or two later, I hosted an Unofficial Yelp Event here (with the lovely George R.). We came without warning the establishment because we had no idea how many people to expect. The servers and managers were extremely helpful and friendly. The manager even came over and talked to me about Yelp and also told me that they put up pigeon guards since I was last there.   Then, the management gave all of the people in our party a shot on the house. Pretty awesome. 

Having been back several times now, I can say with confidence that the servers and bartenders are great, here. 

The food is tasty and really reasonably priced.

I just wish they were open for lunch on the weekends. 

And one more time for luck: Pretty awesome. 

Snag a seat. Grab a pitcher. Enjoy yourself.
We poured in by the dozen reconfiguring the tables of half the bar so we could all chomp with each other while the staff looked on in amusement. They could handle us, sweet. I immediately felt at home. Hip and funky but understated, I came to learn from my local hosts that it provided refuge of cool in the Olde City landscape of trendy and wannabe upscale. 

Still new to historical architecture in the public domain, I was impressed with the ionic columns at the entrance, and the expansive high ceilings which allowed our sizable crowd to be boisterous without drowning each other out. This could have happened very easily with their $3 Yuenlings for those who aim to get as tipsy for as little as possible, as well as tempting brews for the aficionados. I was pleased to see a white ale Hitachino (go owls!) and nursed it accordingly.

Then marched the eats: piled high nachos, burgers (a little too overdone), veggie burgers (a wee bit too salty), paired with thick wedge, yummy fries. By the end of the meal we were all smiling and satiated. Mission accomplished!
National Mechanics is by far my favorite bar in Philadelphia. I live in the Art Museum area and I would prefer to trek all the way to Old City than hang out in my own neck of the woods. Paul, Lauren, Drew and the gang ROCK, HARDCORE. Ignore that one review about Drew. I appreciate the fact that "NAT MECS" does not feel the need to have PBR to generate a crowd. Come to Mechanics if you are a beer person. Mechanics celebrates the local brews with Yards and PBC on tap. It's also a place that barely advertises and is always full at night. You can plan your whole week here! Well, I do.

Monday, when open, lunch with my old city buddies. Tuesday, if you feel up to it, karaoke night! Wednesday, hang out with John and get a team together for PUB QUIZ. Thursday, just hang the !@#$ out! Friday, sometimes SIDESHOW, most of the time, a great place to meet and hang! It's a favorite for all of the historical organizations like the National Park Service and Once Upon A Nation staff. Saturday, another hangout night if you get there a little early. The place fills up fast! Sunday, start your day with an amazing brunch menu. I am a hung fan of the french toast! Go somewhere else for the rest of the day, then come back around 9 and play Wii on the big screen! if National Mechanics opened a WAWA and a little Coffee Bar, I would not need to go anywhere else! Oh, and a little bookstore with a small selection of high-end adult magazines...hehe. In 2008, Once Upon A Nation made National Mechanics the first stop on the Tippler's Tour which runs every Thursday from April through October! Oh! I forgot to mention, the place has WI-FI!!! And it's Free!!! All you haters need to stop hatin on Nat Mecs! Some girl got her feelings hurt because Drew didn't think she was sexier than his hot, hot, hot girlfriend, so service was bad...haha! Makes "Mecs, YOURS!"
Wow - this place sure has changed a lot since it was Coyote Ugly! Alas, there is no more dancing on the bar but plenty of seating and floor space to hang out to your hearts content. 

Great music, good beer selection and a nice menu (I highly recommend the Frito Taco Extravaganza, a bag of Fritos opened up and topped with chili & cheese). And the holy grail of bars, especially for us ladies: the bathrooms are lovely, clean, and private. Bravo!

Great spot for large groups. I'll definitely go back.
If I could give this bar negative stars I would. Not only is it my least favorite bar in Philadelphia, but it also turned out to be one of the most costly.

Last night they refused to return my friend's credit card claiming it was declined. We were embarrass, of course. I paid the bill for him. I then got completely chewed out by the bartender because she felt my tip was too low.

Flash forward to this morning, guess what! My friend's card was charged! They double billed us! 

I wish I could give negative stars.
National Mechanics is really not bad although I had a negative impression of it the first time I went there.  Maybe that has to do with the fact that it's in Old City and despite its rugged yet hip decor and lovely bathrooms, it still exudes that Old City douchbaggery. Or possibly it's because it used to be things like Coyote Ugly and Whiskey Dix and no matter how hard you scrub you just can't get frat-boy out of the sheets.

I have been to NM a couple times with the ladies after getting booted from the Khyber.  Not booted, really, we just didn't want to pay the cover and happyhour had ended.  Let's  just preface my commentary by mentioning the fact that I'm a raging beer snob (although I prefer the title conoisseur or even bon vivant) and the beer selection leaves something to be desired.  I had draft Anchor Steam, which was just fine but really, people throw a little Legacy into the mix and then we can talk.

The food was fairly standard (but good) American pub fare.  M. and I split cheese-less nachos the first time and I had an Angus burger last night. Despite lacking cheese (I can't do dairy) the nachos were still substantial.  I liked the addition of pintos and I'm always up for some guac. 

The prices are reasonable, particularly for Old City which tends to price gauge. Particularly, some of the more gastro-oriented gastro pubs can kill you with the sandwich prices.  I don't mind paying $10 for a burger if it's oozing with Rochefort cheese (that's a holla, Good Dog) but for the most part I set my cap at 8.  I guess there is something psychological about the single digit thing.  

In all (weighing in at $8 with a side of extra hearty steak fries) I would rate NM's burger on the pretty damn good end of the burger continuum which exists between Burger King (nadir) and Good Dog (pinnacle). About a 7.5 to be exact.  It would have fared much better had it actually been medium rare and not medium.

I blame Keanu Reeves, our server, who was ok, not bad on the eyes but kind of a mimbo.

Basically, I'd give it four stars if the beer selection were slightly better rounded but as I said before I'm a conoisseur and most people couldn't give a toss.
random tuesday night drinking. we made it our mission to get drunk that night. so we wandered from bar to bar in old city until we remembered national mechanics on 3rd. walked up the grand steps, got carded, and then we were in!

asked the bartender for an old fashioned and he said sure, no prob. love! bartenders who can make real drinks :) but turned out they didn't have cherries, so he tried subbing in something else. lemons maybe? i forget. anyways, it didn't taste very good at all.

luckily, the bartender noticed! i didn't even realize it was showing on my face. he offered to get me another drink.. which opened pandora's box to glass after glass of henny. it was so refreshing to be served by an excellent and astute bartender. who was quite the looker too, might i add.

there was also a rowdy and fun crowd that night for karaoke tuesdays. started at 9pm, and by the time we got there at 11pm, the crowd was already going full steam ahead. quite a few terrible singers out there, but the occasional amazing performance combined with the great crowd-pleaser song selections and the excellent booze made for an amazing tuesday night that i can somewhat completely remember (always a sign of a good time).
I don't know how in the hell National Mechanics does it, but they always manage to keep their events fresh! since my last review I've fallen in love with scoping out some Sideshow action every 2nd Friday courtesy of Olde City Sideshow (shout out to Ms. Bugmuncher!). And I've enjoyed checking out karaoke and shaking my butt during some bumping DJ nights.

But I have to especially give it up for their awesome brunch. I had the privilege of being one of the first people to check it out during it's test run (Thanks Chrissy!), and since that time it has delivered ten fold. It's one of the only brunches I can think of that hooks up steak & eggs, and a massive skillet that's loaded with eggs, home fries, and sausage. and the build your own Bloody Mary bar might just be one of the best things ever. But be careful because it has also taught me that their is indeed such a thing as using too much hot sauce. And if you're lucky you might get to listen to the tunes of some happening DJ's during your brunch fix.
The only bar in Old City without a TV!!!! Someone finally figured it out. Really down to earth crowd and staff. Eclectic feel to the place (kinda like your art school buddies apartment) and excellent food...surprisingly good food as a matter of fact. The burgers are arguably the best I've had in town but even the higher end dinner specials have all been great. Good prices on drinks and interesting entertainment too. Great spot!
National Mechanics is like a long-time boyfriend to me: cozy, familiar, and everything I look for in a mate: clean, attractive, and fun to be around.

Housed in a former bank-turned-church-turned-Coyote-Ugly bar, National Mechanics (or NattyMechs, as I like to call it) has retained elements of all three: high ceilings, brick walls, dark paint, narrow, wooden church pews, stained glass windows, and a long, gorgeous bar -- although you'd be hard-pressed to find anyone dancing on it.

During lunch, they have cheap burgers and veggie burgers, and during Happy Hour, all drafts are $1 off. My favorite night to come to NM's is Wednesday for Quizzo with Irish John (3+ hours of spelling words using reproductive organs/arguing about the absolute zero of water); but the vibe in here is pretty much always kicking.

Of course, like any long-term partner, NattyM's and I have had our tiffs - like when they raised the price of the lunch burger from $5 to $6 -- and the popcorn chicken from $6 to $8. My wallet certainly took a beating that month. And yes, as everyone has noted, they never have enough people working, and sometimes it can take over an hour to get your food.

But the truth is: I really don't mind waiting. The atmosphere is laid-back and comforting, the tunes are awesome (check out what's playing here: http://www.last.fm/user/natmechanics) and the waitstaff are super-friendly and accommodating -- even when you show up with 20 people and just order pitchers.

The aforementioned popcorn chicken are to die for; the veggie burger might be the best in city (Yes, it really is THAT GOOD); the loaded nachos are banging. Bring you friends -- there's plenty of room for all!
My roommie and I started out here for our Halloween activities. I hadn't made it to this place, but it seemed like a cool place.

I also enjoyed the extra attention from people that really liked my Ghostbuster's costume, as I had people complimenting me on it.  

The drinks seemed to be in line with normal prices ($6-10), and I really liked the music that was played here (MGMT, Bloc Party).

My only regret-getting pulled away from here to go eat and never returning. The other bars never quite matched up to what this place had going on for it.
This bar/restaurant sits in the Mechanics' Bank building, home to a few Philadelphia historical firsts: the first prominent laborer-run banking institutions (uh, don't quote me on that) and the first local Coyote Ugly (and last; this franchise location has since closed). The interior is well-lit and has an electric feel, from the Christmas lights, to the dog on the wall (complete with neon trimmings), to the weird gadgets lying around. Don't forget to check out the bathroom sinks.

Our waitress (Amber) served us quickly and with a friendly attitude, which was pretty amazing since she looked like the only server on the floor that evening. The place was packed with a happy hour crowd. (And they were indeed happy. I talked with three fairly inebriated young women and - in character, of course - took a photo with one.)

Tried a few bites of the nachos, but mostly drank. (Irish car bombs are the way to go!) I asked Amber for an alien secretion shot and gave her the recipe when she told me the bartender didn't know how to make it. I was thrilled when she brought it over. Thankfully there are still bartenders patient enough to listen, remembering that customers = money. To top the evening off, our party was rewarded with a free round of shots, courtesy of Amber and/or National Mechanics. I was too happy to remember from whom, exactly.

Definitely a fun place, and recommended for a good time!
I LOVE National Mechanics.  

A huge beer selection and fantastic food make this the best thing that they have done with this space since it was Revival.  Seriously, this place has been cursed for so long, and it is nice to see that someone has finally made it a viable venue.

The decor is funky and totally unpretentious, and the staff is the same way.  A welcome respite in the midst of Olde City's dichotomy of ghetto fab and ultra-pretentious.  This bar is neither.

National Mechanics is really the type of place you can bring anyone - your parents,  your best friend, even a date.  The prices are reasonable, the food is good and the service is fantastic.
Awesome bar and restaurant in old city. Excellent beer variety. Yummy bar food. Great happy hour deals. And wonderful service. Highly recommend if you're looking for a drink or some good bar food.
I was pretty much dragged here after Amada's, a most delicious dinner with a whole half roasted pig. 

I think this was the closest beer bar in the area, and the atmosphere was interesting. They do live music (sort of) and sometimes a DJ. The bar scene is a mess, and many a had-too-many beers try to boggie it down on the dance floor.

But let's not fret too much about the scene, the selection here is phenomenal. They definitely have one of the greatest beer selections around. They are open until 2am (I think) and there's lots of chances to get drunk. I guess during the day it's a restaurant, but we came at night and we basically danced the night away.

One massive con if you're a girl ... the line for the women's restroom is longer than the Nile. Seriously, if you need to pee, you will pee in your pants before you get to the front because it's a single person restroom and everyone needs to go after a few beers. 

Fun spot!
I almost kinda didn't wanna review National Mechanics because then it would get flooded with people, and I'd never again be able to score a booth for me and my friends.  However, then I thought that a good restaurant needs all the support it can get, and I would be outrageously bummed if it closed and became some lame kind of club that charges $ at the door.  

So, the food was pretty crowd pleasing - tasty stuff, nothing too out-there fancy.  
The staff was extremely helpful and kind and chatty, and bonus, quick to bring us drinks and more drinks.  
The space was really nicely decorated - if you want, try out BOTH bathrooms, they are decorated differently with antique fixtures and Jeremy Fish artwork.
This is where I write an entire review based on one item. 

When our server recommended the Veggie Burger and explained the elaborate process of how it's made, (using a wine press) I had to try. Oh, and he also said something like "hey, i know I work here, but this is the best veggie burger I've ever had, and I'm a vegan. Holy $hit batman. This burger was absolutely delicious. The potato bun was fresh, super soft and just sweet enough!

The burger itself had so much flavor and I felt like I was working out as I was eating it! So healthy, too healthy so I added mayo, why you ask? Because it's mayo, that's why.

Long story short,our meal was great, server was so helpful and oozed of positive energy. His calm vibe on a super busy day (New Years Brunch) was clutch.

I of course will return to explore the menu more and by that I mean I'll order another veggie burger.
Pseudo dinner/snack review.

Waiting for a friend, I decided to come over here to pass some time.

$3 Obovoid Oak-aged Stout?

$6 Popcorn Chicken?

What more could you ask for?

A little mellow (maybe because I got there early).... but it definitely picked up when I was heading out.

Nice place.

Good "Beer of the Week" deals.
Open and Airy 
No TV makes me happy 
Will try menu soon 

Very comfortable vibe to this place. Wide open space, properly lit, cool decor...actually the coolness factor is multiplied by the limited addition Jeremy Fish print in the bathroom. 

There is no TV people, so you are coming to eat, drink, and enjoy conversations. You are not to come here if you want scream at the TV about why the hell McNabb is fumbling the ball toward Cincinnati's goal line!!????!!!! 

I was strangely not hungry, so only thing to say about the food from me is it looked good (kinda lame, I know) 

OH, last thing. If you are an out of town-er or new to the city as I am, BEWARE of the evil parking witches! They expect you to feed the meter on weekends and up until 10pm! and your ticket will be slightly more expensive than if you garaged it :(
So, I don't drink that much when I go out.  Don't even eat that much.  So a lot of times, how I feel about a place is related to how comfortable I am being there.

And I have to say, by those standards, I love National Mechanics.

Mostly, it's based on how eclectic and bizarre the patrons are, so no matter who you are or what you're wearing, you should be able to walk in, sit down, and feel at home.

I tend to find myself at NM on my way home from work, when I've thrown on some old khakis and a hoody.  And, there, I don't feel as self-conscious as I probably should.

The first time I was there I sat with some friends, and met a few new people - including a lesbian couple with the same haircuts, outfits, and names.  In the bar, there was a huge variety of people, including a couple guys in cowboy hats playing cards, some woman dressed vaguely like a nun, and some men in business suits.  The music playing was fairly quiet, and a wide mix of stuff, fairly mellow, with oldies and modern stuff.

The second time I went the place was packed.  There was a DJ, loud music, beautiful people all dressed up dancing... as well as several tables of people who were slightly older, just sitting around, relaxed and enjoying a beer.

The third time, the music was mid-level loud, with another entirely different set of people, including a group of Rastafarians.  Or maybe Pastafarians.  I always mix those two up.  I know one smokes a lot of pot, and the other believes in the Flying Spaghetti Monster as an alternate theory of creation.  On second thought, both groups smoke a lot of pot.

The decor is really interesting - from the outside, you could walk by and not notice you were going by a bar.  Big stone steps and columns, and you go inside, and there are stained glass windows - I thought I could be in a renovated church.  There are these... dog... demon... sconce... things with red lights for horns and tails.  The waitresses mostly seem to have the same general punk-goth style, even though that's not the primary clientle.  The glasses have pictures of famous and infamous Philadelphians - both fictional and non, including Bill Cosby, Rocky Balboa, and that serial killer guy.

A friend of mine was disappointed that one time we missed going when there was supposed to be a sideshow with a sword swallower, a contortionist - who knows what else!

So, let's see... a place that has nuns and cowboys, cards and dancing, gays and straights, DJs and carnivals,reggae aficionados and airborne-beasts-of-starch enthusiasts.... there's food and beverages, places to sit, and you can play 'who's the Philly guy' with your drinkware. 

Hope to see you there.  I'm the uncomfortable looking guy in the hoody.  Come say hi.
Well, well, well. A place that lives up to its incredible hype machine. 

Sheeit.  I didn't even want to go in here based on the oozing hype. I imagined it had been talked about so much, there was NO WAY it was going to be that good. I was wrong. It wasn't just good, it kind of blew my socks off. 

It was a Sunday morning/ afternoon and my lovely girlfriend was out of town. After about 5 or 6 text messages to various friends, none of which were game for lunch, I decided to get on my bike and go for a ride. While on this ride I decided to jaunt down to Olde City to see what the fuss was about. 

I sat at the bar. The bar tender came over. I ordered the "build- it- yourself" Bloody Mary. It was pretty awesome. There is a little station at the bar with various fix-ins for your bloody drink. 

Ordered the Western Skillet. It was delectable. It came on one of those ceramic coated cast iron skillets. It was pipping hot, the potatoes where nice and crunchy on the outside and soft and yummy on the inside. There was a healthy helping of crushed bacon, onions, and green peppers mixed in all topped with some good ol' fried eggs. 

The service was rad. The bartender was attentive, made a lil small talk, and took great care of me. The dj-ish guy played some good mellow tunes that made both the yuppie and the hipsters sing along from time to time. The ambiance was key. The lighting was dim and the decor made me feel like I was in the middle of some northern English pub. I liked it. I'll be back soon. I'll bring friends. 

thank you National Mechanics. Thank you for living up to the hype.
I like National Mechanic's for the fact that it's in Old City but doesn't suburbanites with pointy toed shoes.  That fact alone means it wins.

Cheap drinks interesting decor fast service.

I ordered a national burger medium rare and that sucka was closer to medium-well.  But it's not enough to make me not wanna go back.

edit:  I've been back many times since and really like it I'm changing my review from 4-5 stars
I have visited National Mechanics a few times; I wanted to be sure that it deserved this rating since it seems to be a sacred cow among Yelpers. 

I like the space quite a bit, in its former lives the building was a bank and a church. Even the bathrooms are interesting, sinks in particular are very unique. In general, the crowd is comprised of locals. But occasionally you'll get some of the "My New Haircut" crowd drinkin' their Jager Bombs or whatever. 

The draft beer menu consists of classics, there is usually something for everyone. So, of course, nothing really piqued my interest last time. I ended up with a bottled porter that was quite yummy, but I really wanted a (non-Guinness) stout. 

I had a veggie burger, which I had tried in the past and enjoyed. It tasted a bit carrot-heavy that evening, but still one of the best I've had. A note about these veggie burgers, they are not the kind that try (and pretty much always fail) to be beef. They are made up of undisguised grains and vegetables, which I appreciate. The fries, however, tasted frozen. Because of this, I don't think they're worth $9, but I'd gladly pay the happy hour price.

Service usually leaves something to be desired. Our bartender was kind of terrible on my most recent visit, spilling and spraying all over (including on my out-of-town guest). I've been pretty underwhelmed by the DJ's and burlesque show as well. 

Next time I'll try it for brunch.
Wow, $2 for a lager in Old City, you can't really go wrong there.  There is also an excellent selection of premium beers for non-silly prices, which is always appreciated.  I spent the night on Anchor Steam and was pretty satisfied.

Only one member of the group had food and got the nachos grande.  The plate was huge and the service was quick.

We were there on a Saturday and had to move from our table when the DJ came on about 10.  It wasn't a major problem and the waitress was nice about it.  To be honest, it was getting a bit loud and obnoxious by that time anyway.

I would definitely go back, though maybe not late on a Saturday night. Bugger, I've turned into an old man!
I am shocked and appalled that there are not more five-star reviews for this place. It's funny how you can live in a city for 3+ years and walk past a place almost every single week --- a place that you assume is just another tourist staple in Old City. Because honestly... for three and a half years, I thought National Mechanics was like, George Washington's brother's uncle's cousin's dog's house or something. It looks just like the rest of the historical tourist attractions in Old City, with its huge pillars and what have you. But alas, thanks to the magical ability that my sister has of paying attention to her surroundings... and frequenting Happy Hours... I finally discovered National Mechanics only a few weeks ago.

Since then, it has become my favorite happy Hour haunt. The beer menu is unique and stacked full of choices to keep you fellow hops-n'-barley addicts satisfied. Not to mention the veggie burger, which is the best I've ever had. So, put down that freezer-burnt box of Morningstar Farms Grillers and get your fine self over to National Mechanics for $2 lagers!
There are so many things I like about National Mechanics that I don't know where to begin.  I'm very fond of the fact that it's owned by geeks.  I love that they make their own veggie burgers.  And I REALLY love that they make their own, slightly secret bacon vodka (and it's actually better than you'd expect it to be).  

I also love the funky decor, the artistically crafted light fixtures and the cool bathrooms.  As far as bars go, there isn't much not to like about National Mechanics.
I heart National Mechanics.

The food is Good (and considerably less expensive than most eateries in this part of town) Keep in mind that this is a Pub, and you can't go wrong with Pub Standards like Fish & Chips or a Good Caesar Salad (my personal fav) The Specials are where they really shine though - and they change weekly!

The Beer is even better  And if you don't know that much about Beer, there's an Extra Bonus: Philly's own Two Guys On Beer is filmed here every week! http://twoguysonbeer.com/ 

I like to go for a beer right after work when I see many friendly faces and on Sundays for dinner when it is nice and quiet. (plus they have Video Games after 9!) 

Nice is as Nice does. Go into National Mechanics With a good Attitude, and I guarantee you you will come out with some good friends!

Go Eat some Food and drink some Beer, and relax! It isn't that serious people!
The existence of an entree that consists of a bag of Fritos with chili and cheese on top is enough to warrant a good review in my opinion! My experience here last night was actually pretty comical. It seemed like there was only one person working the entire front of house... the bartender... who came complete with a hugely bandaged finger. He came over about 10 seconds after we sat down and seemed surprised that we needed more time.  Then he came back about 60 seconds after that!  Since neither of us had been there before, we needed a little more time to take in the menu. Our entrees were brought out one minute after our appetizer, and the waiter dropped my friends mini-pizza on the table!! It landed half in my water too. At this point we were completely amused because it just seemed like this was NOT our waiters night. I think the servers must have all called out or something and left him holding down the fort alone. Aside from all the funny, our food was great and I loved the atmosphere in there! I am considering going back soon because all the specials (which we noticed on the wall half way through our meal since they were not pointed out or on the menu) looked great!
I came here on a Saturday night after reading other reviews. The DJ was good and there is no cover. HOWEVER, i would rather pay $5 to get in, IF YOU ACTUALLY PUT ALCOHOL IN THE DRINKS! The drinks were absolutely horrible. Like 98% juice and 2% alcohol. We did complain and the bartender just stared at us. And we all work in food and alcohol service so we know counts for free pouring. The least they could do was use a shot glass or meters. I was really disappointed because I wanted to like this place. 

The other issue I have is with the fact that my boyfriend was forced to buy a drink in order to get water. Like really? And they make you buy bottles of water instead of giving you a glass for free like a normal establishment. 

Also, only 2 unisex bathrooms in the entire place so expect to wait forever.
At the Yelp wine tasting, I was wondering where I should go for dinner in Old City, but then realized that I was among Yelpers. George pointed me towards National Mechanics, and my stomach was very glad he did.

Beer prices are more than fair, they're cheap! (well, as long as you stick to the local fare) I shared a quasi-light dinner consisting of your standard bar/restaurant food - burger, fries and calamari rings. Although standard, some places do mess a meal like this up; I'm glad to say National Mechanics came out with flying colors.

Loved the decor! Plants stuck in jars? Crazy print hanging about the toilet? Random dog statues with colored lightbulbs sticking out of their butts? Yes, please! This place reeks of individuality, in a good way. Sound atmosphere was great too. The high ceilings prevent others' conversations from intruding, but give a nice background drone.

I WAS going to take off 1 star, because the service was sort of shoddy. Only 2 servers for a Thursday night didn't cut it. But our server made an effort (she ran by, asking how our meal was and left before our answer; but hey, it's the thought that counts). National Mechanics - oozing with personality, a great place for drinks and groups, and even a date.
as a vegetarian who doesn't drink (read: sXe), this seems like an unlikely joint for me to review. BUT... their ad in the newspaper does not lie! NM, at times, has the best veggie burger in town (tried to date). i say at times because i've been there several times when they were out of veggie burgers. they need some sort of placard at the door with veggie burger status on it.

for those not in the know, this place is great for lunch due to the $5 veggie burger+fries deal. not only the best veggie burger, but the best price. get cheese on that, it's the only way to keep it on the bun.

otherwise, i avoid this place on evenings due to Old City-y crowds (large, roving packs of drunk people looking for escape from their unfulfilling lives). also, sometimes live music or karaoke happens. both are probably fun if you're drunk or in a large group (which is often like being drunk). like other reviewers, i agree that NM is less Old City-y than other places, but its still on 3rd St...

for those that consume flesh, i hear the frito bowl is pretty fun.
Came here as one of a few places in a day drinking/bar hopping Saturday, so I didn't get the full restaurant experience. 

We ordered a drink each, a guacamole to share and a veggie burger. Since we had already been to a couple places, we were comparing everything we were served with the places we had been to beforehand in the area. 

The drinks were so soo sweet. And not in a good way. It was like a poor attempt to cover the taste of alcohol with sugar and cream. There wasn't anything wrong with the guacamole specifically, but we had a better one at the Cuban style restaurant down the street. The veggie burger was passing but again, nothing to really rave about. 

The main highlight was he quirky design of the restaurants. All the windows are stained glasses which lets in beautiful colored light and there's so much plants by the windows! I loved the decor. But most likely won't be coming back.
Their claim on the best veggie burger is no lie! I've had many a veggie burger, and this is coming from a non-vegetarian. Sometimes I just want to take a meat break and want a veg.

Problem is, veggie burgers come in all shapes and forms.They come mushy or pre-frozen. Better yet, they come freshly made with beans, hummus, and some other various veggies I couldn't tell you because they're all mushed together. 

This burger I can for sure tell you had vegetables in it. It was clearly made with vegetables like zucchini and carrots. It had a crunch to it that can only be fresh. It wasn't mushed together, yet it stayed in one piece. Yes, it was magical. 

Put it together with a bun and a little mayo (I had to!) and some excellent steak fries and you have a winning lunch. Best veggie burger claim is founded!
I went to National Mechanics with my boyfriend today for brunch.  We really WANTED to like it, but unfortunately our experience fell short.  On the plus side, our server seemed to notice...on the downside, she could not have cared less.  

We got there around 11:30, were able to be seated immediately, and we ordered as soon as our server came over. She gave me a great drink recommendation, and then went to put in our order. So far, so good...

We finished our first drinks.  After walking by several times, our server asked if we'd like another round.  At this point, we had ordered brunch a half hour ago.  The tables around us had all gotten their food, finished, and were paying while we sat and waited.  I would understand if it were particularly busy, but there was no wait time and open tables.  55 minutes after ordering, we got our meals.  They were good, but not worth close to an hour.  Sure, this may have been a fluke, but I'm not in a hurry to head back for brunch.
The Veggie burger is claimed to be the best in the world.  I've had better but it is pretty damn good.  During happy hour it was only $5 with a side of fries.  

Beer selection was fantastic and the prices were pretty good being that the bar is in Olde City. 

The barkeep was super chill and I plan on going back anytime I am in Olde City.
Just not that great. The veggie burger, supposedly "The Best in the City" is all right, and made from real veggies, and comes on a way-too hearty bun, but there is nothing particularly interesting or unique about it. The beer selection is way sub-par to what you can find in many a beer-loving bar in Philadelphia. 

The thing that annoys me most about this place is the fact that though I've been waited on by three different people, they were all basically the same - some 19-year-old with skinny jeans, a hoodie and tats, but no idea of what customer service is. "Breezy" would be the nicest spin I could put on "hardly give two shits about you and lucky to get any eye contact." 

For that part of town, though, the atmosphere is pretty nice, and it's conveniently located close to the Ritz Theaters, which means I can stop in for some food before a movie. I can't imagine what kind of asshats hang out here on the weekend - oh wait I can- the same Old City jerks that are everywhere else, puking on the pavement at 2pm and stealing all the cabs.
I am merely rating the night life here. And it rocks.

Here are some warnings:
1. Dress to compete with the youngin's
2. Wear shoes you don't care about getting stomped on
3.  Don't break the seal! The bathroom line is eternal!

This is like a 20-30s bar, the DJ plays top 40 mixed with some old school. The bartenders are fast, nice strong drinks, and lots of singles. So relive your youth, bring a few of your girls, pay for parking across the street and dance the night away.
Oh well, I could give this zero stars if possible. We have been here before so decided to visit it for lunch with one of my colleagues. Nobody came to our table for 15 minutes and people who came after us got their menus, drinks and their orders were taken while we were just waiting for someone to show up at our table! Then the waitress comes along and as we explain our issue she starts making faces and asks "so do you still need the menus?" in a rather "insulting" way. We asked to see the manager who came after a couple of minutes. She was polite and tried to offer us a free drink and a free meal but our concern was the way we were treated by the waitress who never offered an apology!! We left the place and went to Farmicia right outside it. Come to think of it we were treated this way because of the color of our skin. As much as I want to think that's not the case, I think it was! It's appalling that a restaurant like this does this! Anyway we are not going there again and good luck to all of you who are not white skinned!
I've heard so much about this place, and I know Yelpers dig it, so when it was suggested that we head here to break the heat of the hottest day of '09 to date, I gladly accepted.  I didn't even realize that it was in the same place as Coyote Ugly until we walked up to it. Immediately I had to ignore the shudder of all the times i passed by CU and had to deal with throngs of people who take themselves way too seriously.  i was assured that National Mechanics on a Sunday afternoon would be far different than those experiences on weekend nights.
It was true.  I was surprised that it wasn't bigger inside, but the set up is really decent.  I like all the high tops and if it were a little more crowded, i imagine you'd be able to grab a six top with a small party and make some new friends.  
The first thing I noticed was that they have a build-your-own bloody mary bar, which is kind of a neat idea.  too bad i'm not really into them.  being as hot as it was, all i could think of was drinking something really cold immediately and eating something also cold and hopefully refreshing.
I went with the fruit berry citrus salad, which sounded like the perfect thing.  Unfortunately when it came out, instead of being accented by the "sweetly tart cream sauce", my fruit was completely drowned in it.  I could've done with a little less of the sauce, but it was still tasty.  
Our server was decent, even though she seemed like she didn't want to be waiting tables, she was still friendly enough to not adversely influence the eating experience.  She was really great about refilling drinks, which is always a plus.  And even more greatly appreciated on an abnormally hot April day.  
For Brunch, it's definitely got a 4 star vote from me.  Now i'll just have to see if i have an equally enjoyable time when i'm tossing a few back.
I wound up here with a few friends on one of those nights we set out with the goal of getting as blindingly, stupidly drunk as possible (it, um, worked). This bar probably does deserve five stars, but a friend of my fiance's is a part-owner and the potential for a conflict-of-interest thing makes me paranoid. 

This bar was our second or third stop of the evening, so I was properly smashed by the time we got to National Mechanics. What I do remember left a lovely impression on my brainmeats.

This bar has so much of what I want in a drinking establishment: It was dark, the drinks were gooooood, we danced a lot and, for happening upon NM on a prime barhopping night, the place wasn't even close to being uncomfortably, obnoxiously packed. And the bar's exterior? So pretty! 

I'm a little bummed I haven't had a chance to head back here since then. National Mechanics seems like it deserves to be a lot of people's favourite bar-going destination.
This is my go-to bar in Old City, whether I'm by myself or with a lot of friends. They accommodate the latter surprisingly well at the tall tables, which seat around 8. The service is always good and friendly without being overbearing. I absolutely love the terrariums and have to give props to the decent bathrooms.

The avocado and grapefruit salad is amazing and I don't even usually like grapefruit. The rest of the menu is decent (almost exceptional for bar food, not quite as amazing for a restaurant) and they have a long addendum to the online menu with plenty of specials. I wasn't crazy about the calamari (I like it lighter and crunchier) but the fries and everything else are quite edible. Try the infused liquors for even more fun (bacon infused vodka and jalapeno infused tequila last time I asked).

One time I sat at the bar during a quiet Saturday afternoon, and Ben Franklin was the only other bar patron. Fortunately, it wasn't the same one from The Office.
Pro-tip. If you find yourself at National Mechanics, do yourself a favor and order the pretzel. It's huge, comes with cheese and mustard and is bready, buttery, salty goodness. Have it before a meal or have it AS a meal...but by all means, have it. (Welcome to Philadelphia...home of the liberty bell and soft pretzels)
I drank pitchers beer, a girl ate worms, and a guy smashed broken glass into his face. AWESOME!
National Mechanics is definitely one of the very few bars that I will patronize in Old City.
Great beer, great food, great brunch, great karaoke, and it's the taping location for Two Guys on Beer.

If you have an iPhone/iPod Touch with the Remote app installed, you can make requests and vote on the music playing.

One of the best bars in Old City.
OK now + dusty hipster contractors + some slut storms + some elderly + some local neighbors  + some dates + some clusters of friends  + some outfit checker outers + some loners....all just chilling together! that's a nice mix...unpretentious.
The music is really good and some times goofy. burgers are great and (they toast the bun.) the steak salad is excellent. The specials are always a hit and taste fresh...I love the french fries...The bar itself is beautiful...warm and inviting. It's not a dumpie bar... its nice to me... They have plants and weird stuff to look at. 
on the weekends people just start dancing...how fun is that!
*Nightlife Review*

Celebrated my cousin's 23rd birthday here on a Friday night (no cover--yay!) and overall had a fairly decent time. Some of the people here were a little pushy and rude but hey, it's a bar in Old City with inebriated people with no rhythm so I dealt with them accordingly.

DJ played typical stuff to get the crowd moving but it felt like a high school dance. Nice selection of beers on tap and bottled. The line for the bathroom was always extremely long so plan ahead when using the facilities.

Before this night, I hadn't partied in Old City in about a good year...and coming here reminded me why. I might come back for happy hour and grab a beer or something but no more hanging out here after 10p.
I came. I drank beer.  I ate Veggie Burger.  I go back.

liked the atmosphere, laid back and the veg burg was good as i was hopin it would be.  bartender was nice, (even though i was in an incredibly indecisive and acting oddly/precarious about the subject of avocados)

I liked the tavern feel/no snob effect, would like to experience live music some night, and dogs wear wigs here.
In the 90s, in one of its numerous incarnations, this premium location housed Coyote Ugly, and going back forever (j/k) to the eighties of my brother's clubbing days, this was the legendary Kennel Club. National Mechanics is definitely not ugly, though quite a few wilderness artifacts of questionable taste decorate the dark walls of this spacious one floor venue. An almost circuslike variety of social/cultural outings may be scheduled on a night you may just want to stop in for a beer (you'll probably notice an occasional sword-swallower or fire dancer gracing steps on the grecian facade), so check up on the listings - though almost always, the frequently participatory spectacle is worth showing up for.

In terms of food, it's hearty American fare, like steaks medium rare. The beer is a prime selling point, of course - the variety of IPAs is respectable, and I found myself a Tsingtao lager, rare outside an Asian eatery. And for the kind of intimately friendly atmosphere this place almost forces through its open floor plan, there's hardly a more appealing choice in town.
I had a really good time when I first came here for a yelp event. The waitstaff was friendly and nice, and the burger I ordered was made just right. Very tasty indeed. The place has a very cool Vibe about it. My buddy that promotes Faux Pas finally convinced me to make it out to one of his events at this location. After the yelp event it didn't seem like the place for a dj night, but with the tables moved aside they really had the dance floor hoppin'. I had a really fun time. When I went they also had a decorated christmas tree hanging from the ceiling. Pretty neat
The Old Town of Philadephia is beautifully historic, the architecture just took my breath away. I was surprised when I arrived at National Mechanics, it was not what I expected at all. 

It looks like a historic bank or civic building, all regal. Inside, the music was bumping and the crowd was drinking it up. I felt inclined to dance it up, but ordered a couple beers first. 

Almost everytime I see Delirium Tremens (7.0APV%) on tap - I order it. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=q_a15wPkUlHcfuBFiQCC5Q&userid=Lu8y2ayxVlAzuJEVfVcH4w It's one of my absolute favorites and call it my birthday beer, because it's what I drink when I deserve the very best. Which is almost anytime.
I was really disappointed in this place.  This seems like it would be a cool place to go to lunch, but for just bar/hanging out , it sucked.  The food was allright, but  the music was SO LOUD that I couldn't hear anything anyone was saying, and we all ended up just yelling at one another.  I ordered a well drink and my glass was literally 4/5 ice.  Seriously. And I paid for it. The beer list is sizeable and I really appreciated the ample seating.  Our waitress was nice, but I just can't say that this is a good place to bring people you like, because you really won't be able to speak to them.
I'm realizing that all my reviews focus on the drinks...so, I'll start by talking about the sliders I ate last week for lunch. Yes, yes, yes, they were great and if you get the chance, get themmmm.

So this place has amazing infusions; Bacon vodka, jalepeno tequila, apple and spice whiskey. Did I lose you at bacon vodka? I'm a huge fan of the whiskey and I typically pair it with a Kenzinger...or whatever other beer I happen to be in the mood for. Don't shoot it though, sip it slowly like the sophisticate you are.

I like to go there on off-nights because I think the Rittenhouse crowd has started to flock here on weekends. Don't get me wrong, I love the Rittenhouse crowd...errr..

They have great Quizzo and feature a weekly line-up of other talent (The Olde City Sideshow for eg.). Oh and for brunch, you can make your own bloody mary. They give you a list of ingredients and you basically take your pick. Don't ask me though, I'm not a big fan of the stuff.

National is an oasis in a land of Old City cheese.
The outside looks like it could par of masonic lodge, or some grand secret meeting place rather then a bar. But when you walk in, guess what it's a bar. Very cozy atomosphere that keeps it very classic. if you looking for tvs you might as well head somewhere else. 

Didn't get a chance to try the food, not one for bar food, but they did have a good selection of beers on tap and in bottles. Personal Favorite is the Megatron, Hopitimus Prime w/ Guinness and Solar Eclipse, Blue Moon and Guinness. 

Ulitimately I enjoyed my time here, was quite and an enjoyable conversation with the Bar keep. Not sure what it's like on other nights but if you come to Philly, Check it out.
It amazes me the number of different "scenes" that one can experience in this cool historic space depending on when you go.  

I will confess up front that this old lady almost always finds it too loud at night, but I have had raucous good times when I was in the mood for them.  They keep a nice rotation of draft beers including local micro-brew favorites and some more exotic choices, as well as solid, basic beers (e.g. Yeungling, Sam Adams, etc.).  I have had some good mixed drinks as well, but the bartenders and waitstaff can get a little overwhelmed when it's packed, making beer seem like the easier and kinder choice.

My favorite National Mechanics experience has to be brunch.  It is quieter, more mellow, and the diffuse sunlight streaming through the antique stained glass windows really highlights the grand space.  The rough-hewn wood tables and little touches like carnivorous plants under glass bells on the window sills stand out.  All of the breakfast and lunch dishes I have tried (turkey sandwich, Breakfast!, monte cristo, and a couple of salads and omelettes among them) have been quite good, and a HUGE amount of food for the price.  

They also do a spectacular bloody mary bar even though I am generally not into these. The times that I am out seeking therapeutic early-day food with liquor are usually the times I most want someone else to do all of the work.  However, the generous pours of customizable vodka (or tequila), and absurd variety of hot sauces and extras really make it worth the effort and the money.
Quick update. ... just wanted to mention I've been there a few more times - still like it, though have found it's not always as eclectically populated as my first visits.

Didn't really understand the 'update your review' thing, but as both reviews seem to continue to exist... I won't incorporate my first review into this one.  But... read that one!  This is the addendum.  That one's the real deal. :)

I actually wasn't that thrilled to be there the most recent time - when the bar is half empty, do you really need to pound the music that loudly, dj guy?  No one is dancing, it's clear we're all trying to chill and talk.  No body needs their ribcage vibrating.  My pity for your obvious lack of places to do what you do does not overwhelm my desire to be able to chat with my friends.

On the other hand, I had a smorgasborg (Suggested spelling corrections for this word are all variants of orgasm. 5, in fact.  You go, orgasm, the word.) of appetizers, including.... drum roll please... quesadillas! Which were really good.  Very hot and extra cheesy, they held together especially well, with what seemed to be half chunked/half shredded chicken.  Came with the green stuff and the white stuff, and have shot to the top of my Philly quesadillas list.

And despite the best efforts of the night's dj... National Mechanics continues to be a nice place to come, sit, have a drink with some friends, and not worry about shiny clothes or pounding music.  I love going to Irish pubs, but I like having a place to go that's not an Irish pub, but still lets me have that laid back atmosphere.
I am increasing the stars for National Mechanics because they have improved their beer selection AND it has never been overrun with douchebags when I've been there. The servers are friendly and competent even with their multiple facial piercings (not that I generally have a problem with that sort of thing). And on more than one occasion I have been truly impressed with the music. It loses a star because I hate Old City.
I want to keep this review very simple........................ 

The
Best
Veggie
Burger
Ever.

There. That's it. Well, I have more positive things to say - but that wraps it up for me. As a vegetarian for 25 years or so - I've had a lot of veggie burgers in my life.
I don't know why this place gets great reviews.  I sat at the bar a couple of weeks ago and the bartender, Drew, acted as if it was an inconvenience to serve me and my friends.  If you sit at his end of the bar, migrate to the other end.
Proclaiming that you serve the best veggie burger in the world is a funny thing to do.  Does anyone really carry around a list in their head (or god forbid, on paper) of the best veggie burgers they've ever had?  Maybe I should start such a list, because then I'd be in a better position to judge the veracity of National Mechanics' outlandish claim (for the record, the veggie burger here is pretty damn tasty.  Any veggie burger that incorporates broccoli is already a winner in my book, but there is a mysterious special something in the NM veggie burger that makes it better with every bite.  I wish the fries weren't steak fries, though...but I concede that the fact that the veggie burger is accompanied by some of the best coleslaw I've ever eaten helps to make up for it.)

What else, let's see...as others have mentioned, the decor is fun.  The first time I was there, I was drunkenly startled by the framed cases of dead beetles.  The sinks in the bathroom seem handmade and I think that potted plants have been cleverly stuck underneath the pipes in order to catch the leaks (that's what happens when you have a homemade sink, I guess).

The music is usually pretty great.  Early on a Saturday evening, we were treated to an entertaining little mix that included Jungle Boogie and Regulate (I embarrassed myself by announcing to my husband that it was a Snoop Dogg song only to realize that I had the wrong Dogg in mind).  That made me feel old, and here's another thing that makes me feel old: back in the day, there used to be a music venue above the establishment that is now National Mechanics, called Upstages.  One fateful night, I went to see Cat Power play there.  Dave Grohl (?!?) was in the crowd and heckled poor Chan rather mercilessly, but we didn't care because we were all giddy with happiness that Al Gore had won the presidency (in the car on the way over, KYW announced that he had taken Florida!  Hooray!)  Then we got back in the car, turned on the radio, and life as we knew it was over.  Times got so dark and so tough that this joint actually turned into a Coyote Ugly at one point.  The failure of Coyote Ugly and the rise of National Mechanics in that same space symbolizes a rebirth of all things right and good in the world...I hope.
I really wanted to like you National Mechanics so much so that I've dined with you on three different occasions hoping that the flaws I encountered were just a fluke.

I had the same friendly server each time I've been here and although she is very nice...she just takes our orders and NEVER returns until she brings the check. The food has been brought out cold and our drinks refilled by other staff. On one occasion I flagged her down and ordered another Mimosa which never came. That same visit I got her attention twice as she was walking by to ask for more water which never came.  Today my good friend (who is the Duke here) who orders the same thing every time was disappointed because out of the five of us only four received our food. We watched as his eggs Benedict was taken to another table of four and apparently that person also ordered the same but his companions were left without food. The staff member finally realized she had made a mistake and told my friend that his would be out shortly. They obviously threw an order together because the English muffin wasn't toasted and the hollandaise was refrigerator cold. I'm not sure if its poor management or an incompetent expediter but National Mechanics you really need to get it together!
The only way that someone could think that this food is in any way exceptional is if they are drunk.  The thing is that this is completely feasible since not only is their wide variety selection available in pitchers but it is also ridiculously cheap.

When we walked into National Mechanics, we looked at the menu with shock.  $5 hamburgers?  $8 pitchers of lager?  $5 salads?  Where are we?  Indiana?  

It turns out, you get what you pay for.  The grilled cheese and tomato soup combo was very similar to something I could have made at home and usually do when I'm sick. Flat, thin bread and Campbell's soup. My girlfriend's salad was similar to something bought in a container at a gas station.  

I can see the value of National Mechanics, though, and I shouldn't knock it.  You're in Old City and half way drunk.  This sounds like a time to head over to National Mechanics and finish the job while eating cheap, poor food.  It makes total sense and is really a brilliant plan.

Just don't walk in expecting something gourmet like Standard Tap, Memphis Tap Room, or the Abbaye.
We judged a book by its cover... ye old ancient outside was enough to lure us in for dinner.

We were greeted with an excellent beer list (I'd been craving a Red Stripe for a while actually, followed by a Belgian sour, followed by...)

Chili served over an open bag of Fritos?!  (Since visiting here I stole this idea when making dinner at home.  Damn good stuff.)

An epic story on the history of their world famous award-winning veggie burger was enough for the adults to give it a shot.  The verdict?  So.  Damn.  Satisfying.  It's like your favorite spring roll ripped from its deep-fried shell and put on a bun with a mound of steak fries I could barely make a dent in.

Every meal in Philly has been outstanding (and this place was much cheaper than Butcher Bar earlier in the day).
there are so few places to go in old city. the khyber is dirty and small. sugar mom's is smoky. skinners has nasty food. national mechanics, though, is big and open, has excellent food and i almost always love the music playing. (with the exception of what was playing between 6:42 and 7:18 this past wednesday -- it was sinatra's duets? followed by laurie anderson, maybe?) also: low douchebag quotient.

but mechanics is not just the lesser of old city evils. if it was located anywhere else, i'd also stop by regularly. the staff is friendly, the food is always good, and they never give you any sidelong glares when you ask for extra napkins or blue cheese on the side.

OH! and they recently started serving brunch, which is EXCELLENT. i tried the straight-up eggs, toast and bacon; the spinach and strawberry salad; the best blueberry pancakes i've had in a while; and the crab and shrimp bloody mary thing (more like a whole lot of seafood with a bit of bloody mary mix served in a martini glass with some fried plantains -- kind of ceviche-like). i'll definitely be back for brunch. shit, i'm just going to go there now.
I have to be honest, this is the worst bar I've been to. It's not dirty or anything and I didn't try the food, however, that doesn't excuse how terrible everything else is.

The drinks were watered down and EXPENSIVE. We spent over $60, for two, for only a few drinks that hardly tasted like there was any alcohol in them at all. It was outrageously ridiculous. Not to mention every glass was filled to the brim with ice. The music was everything I could easily listen to on the radio - nothing worth dancing to. And there are two unisex bathrooms with lines that take at least 30 mins on a weekend.

Point blank, I can drink at home and have more fun. Disappointed and don't see why I'd want to go back.
My wife had seen on Yelp the rave reviews this place gets for its veggie burgers, so we decided to give it a try today. We each ordered a veggie burger- I thought it was okay- nothing to rave about.

However, now my stomach feels totally bloated and cramped, and so does my wife's, and those burgers were the only thing we ate in common today.

In summary, if you have a craving for veggie burgers that'll put you on the can for an hour, National Mechanics is the way to go.
Pretty snazzy for a hipster bar, I say. The music was right on par, and sometimes bands come? I hear they have quizzo, which every good bar should. Check!

We went for Yelp drink week, which made the specials more affordable, which was nice. I suppose their pricing is average, about 8 dollars for higher-end beers and specialty drinks like car bombs, etc.

Fruit/berry beers? YUM, excellent for the sissies among us. Also, the chips with guac and salsa... to die for!

Nice atmophere, but a bit of a squeeze.
I really want to give this place 5 stars...because I feel like the food deserves that. Unfortunately, I can't say the same for the service. 
I've been here twice. Once for drinks, and once for brunch. My brunch outing was the most disappointing. I came here with 5 other friends on a Sunday, and the place had decent business, but was certainly not packed. It took beyond too much time to order even coffee, and every time we asked the server for something (whom we had to track down because she seriously wouldn't come to our table) she seemed incredibly annoyed with us. It's sad too, because we were an incredibly patient bunch, and a simple "I'm sorry, I'll be with you as soon as I can" would suffice.
On the other hand, the food was awesome. Everyone enjoyed their meal. I especially loved the make-your-own-bloody-mary situation. I now have a favorite bloody mary....made by me. Woohoo!!
Since the food was so rad, I will go here again. However, if the service is lame again....this place can suck it.
Have you ever seen National Mechanic's pint glasses?! Total amaze balls. Really, it's engraved(or printed) with notable Philadelphians. One of them looks like that guy Mac from it's always sunny. If you don't know who Mac might be, it's truly your loss. Anywho.

Have you ever tried a drink called "dirty hoe"? No, the drink. It's hoegarden mixed with framboise on draft. Okay, you aren't so excited?! Well, I thought it was brilliant. 

Overall, above two are what really set this bar to be a little cooler than any other bars that I've been to in/around olde city. Tried their chips n salsa and Caesar salad - both edible but nothing special. Drank a lot and participated in a quizzo that wasn't so fun. 

However, if I'm in the area, I'll def go here for a drink again for the fact that the bartenders and barback were both very pleasant. 

P.S. Love the steps to the entrance...except when I had to leave, I replaced my ability to walk down the steps with massive amounts of beer!!! Fail :(
I LOVE STEAK FRIES
I LOVE DO-IT-YOURSELF BLOODY MARY BARS
I LOVE NATIONAL MECHANICS!
The inside of this historic bank building is like nothing else in Old City.  The owners must be wild!  Beautiful long bar, tons of high tables and booths, big stained glass windows, amazingly different sculptures, exposed brick and more!  Plus no TVs to add noise or distract your loved ones (which happens, trust me).  
The menu is a delicious mix of pub fare and gourmet options.  Hummus and fresh grilled veggie burger are my favs.
The drinks are well poured and with a sassy smile!  Plus they have just about the best variety of beer and liquor one will find in the city.
This is a must visit.
Maybe one of my favorite brunch places, but most likely my favorite.  I frequent National Mechanics for brunch and try to get my Breakfast! (eggs, home fries, breakfast meat, and toast) fix at least once a month.  I know it sounds simple, but they really do just do a better job of making eggs and home fries than other places do.  Their brunch menu is just great - my friends often get their skillets and love it and I sometimes get a grilled chicken sandwich (just for the delicious steak fries).  They have a great variety of options ranging from calorie packed to healthy - ish.  They have a full bar and great drink options available.  

The real reason why I truly love brunch here is the Make Your Own Bloody Mary Bar - and I always get it with bacon vodka - because why wouldn't you!  Just beware of making your own, it is easy to become overwhelmed and overzealous when it comes the number of items you CAN put in your beverage, and when you go to take a sip - you realize you just ruined your delicious breakfast beverage.  Maybe the first time - take a friend up with you and ask for help so that you don't make the same rookie mistake I once made of putting every single hot sauce in my drink...
The best use for a church is a bar ... 
How'd it take me so long to find this place?
Probably because it's a hipster bar and I couldn't see it beyond all those beards.
Anyway ...
Great setting and great service. 
Stopped here enroute the Ritz (and I ended up sleeping through the film I wanted to watch, but whatever!)
I was hungry and ended up ordering several appetizers and a burger (a theme emerges).
Solid pub fare with no missteps. No complaints from me, well done. 
Highly recommended.
Fantastic food served fast. The greet time didn't happen for 5 minutes. Had to call over the waitress. Staff = 1 waitress. 1 server. 1 hostess for the whole restaurant. I assume they were short staffed. Service was good once somebody finally came. 

I had a blueberry draft beer from Rhode Island. Nicely fruity, but not overwhelmingly so. You could still taste the beer. Wifey had a white sangria. Fruity, but not too sweet. 

I had a veggie burger. Homemade in the restaurant with zucchini, carrots and broccoli - no filler!  Served with a soft fried egg on top and choice of cheese and a fresh, soft brioche style bun. I added avocado. Topped w/L/T/O. Served with steak fries (cooked crispy the way I like them!)

Wife had a turkey burger. Topped w/avocado, red pepper aioli, L/T/O served on soft brioche style bun. Served w/steak fries. 

you have access to the Bloody Mary hot sauce bar for your choice of hot sauce!!!!
Decided to try this place out for brunch last weekend and it was a lucky strike! The food and Bloody Mary bar were amazing and overall we had an excellent dining experience! Definitely coming back for the Bloody Mary bar since I got a mimosa this time. 

The Bloody Mary came with a shrimp skewer grilled to perfection and was so aesthetically pleasing! I've never seen any other restaurant do this, so it definitely made the experience unique!
Pros: beer list, burger, Christmas tree hanging upside down from the ceiling, building's Coyote Ugly history, awesome bathroom sink that I want to take home.
Cons: often out of stuff, questionable service, no dancing on the bar, bathroom sink not available for take-away.

I've been disappointed with the service twice. The first time, the server knocked over my friend's beer with her tray, and never apologized. Instead, my friend had to ask for a new beer which the server begrudgingly granted her but then said "this time, try to hold on to it." On my next visit, the same server was short with me and my friends when we were placing our orders and never came to check up on us ever again though the place was nearly empty. 

The beer list is great, and the burger is above average (next time I'll try the veggie because everyone says it's fabulous). They always seem to be out of something on their menu (like the veggie burger the last time I was there!!) and there are a lot of typos (seriously, it said that the Filet Mignon special was $1 - but, sadly, that was wrong). 

Generally, this place is really solid. Nothing extraordinary, but that's okay. A good burger, beer, conversation - and I'm happy.
National Mechanics was a cool place. For a bar it's pretty spacious and the vibe was definitely chill. Loved the eclectic music mix from 50's classics to hip hop, plus the volume wasn't too loud so you could actually have a conversation.

My expectations for the food weren't high since it's a bar/restaurant, but it was pretty tasty and affordable too. I'm down with any place that has corn dogs ($4.50 for two) on the menu! I also love how the frito taco extravaganza is served in a ripped open chip bag. Even though it was a bit pricey ($6) for the portion size the chile con carne on top made it worth it. My husband had the burger ($8) which was big, juicy and served with a side of crispy steak fries. Pretty good for a bar burger he said. Hands down our favorite dish of the night was the spicy buffalo wings ($8), which were fried to perfection. I'd head to NM again just for the wings!

NM was a cool spot that did not disappoint (although the service was kind of slow on a Saturday night but that kind of goes with the chill vibe). It's the perfect place to pig out on your fave junk foods and hang with friends without breaking the bank.
The historic building is beautiful from the outside and the lush wood interior is amazing against the goth decor. I was so pleased to be served by a girl with pitch black hair and red bangs, wearing a lacy top and army pants with army boots. She had piercings, tattoos and such a bright and pretty smile. She was prompt and attentitive and was able to realise when my dinner companion was making googly eyes at me to be hands off at that moment. The food is very well prepared but not delux special. I will return.
This place is always trying to do something different. They had a rock band night and they are currently running a Street Fighter 4 night! Being a gamer, this has me choosing to spend my Sunday nights out instead of getting ready for the week! I love love love their nachos and the Obama bomb is the best drink ever period.
Cool atmosphere, great service!
Last Saturday at the unofficial elite event after party I learned that in Old City it is in fact possible to visit a bar on a busy night and not only can you find a seat and receive service within mere minutes of cozying up to the bar, but that you can also be taken care of without being overbearingly asked how you are doing. With four bartenders there was never a wait for anything, given the noise factor between the crowd and the DJ it was nice to not have to repeat an order over and over, every bartender got it right the first time. All of these wonderful qualities and a decent crowd to boot, none of the douchemongers you see in places like Mad River or Lucy's.

With an overqualified beer selection, I had a hard time deciding what to order. It was in a moment of hesitation that Daniel C. took the reigns and introduced me to what will now be my summer staple, RJ Rocker's Son of a Peach.

Less than a week after my first visit I was summoned to partake in an evening of Quizzo with a fellow yelper. Against my better judgement on a weeknight I went to test my fuzzy brain skills (which absolutely failed me on a Chumbawamba question that I'm still kicking myself over). The MC was alright, a few of his ramblings left people like us who were situated rather far from him wondering what the actual question was, but for a team of two with no fancy phone to cheat with, we held our own on topics ranging from sports and science to music and movies.

Oh hey, guess what else I learned at National Mechanics? That varicella is the scientific word for chicken pox and not the commonly mistaken term for nose hair. All in all this an absolutely decent spot any night of the week and one that I will be visiting again and again.
I had high hopes coming here but it turned out just to be another bar/restaurant type deal.

Admittedly, the food was good for bar food, like the veggie burger I got.  YUM.  One of the best around.

The staff were so-so.  It took them 10 minutes to even realize we were sitting at the bar and even longer to get our drinks.  Of two drinks, they forgot one.  What the?

It was really crowded and there were obviously some birthday parties going on here.  The prices were cheap and the bill was astonishingly low.

In other words, just another place to go if you're in the area.  It would make a good regular place if you happen to live around there, but not too much to go out of the way for.
The third star is for the incredible veggie burger with a fried egg on it for brunch. But the service still really needs work. Farmacia was rammed and all the extra folks who couldn't wait headed into National Mechanics. But they only had one waitresss. I had to beg for my water (20 minutes after we got there) never saw my coke, and the bill needed fixed. More help please!
The more I think about what is the true nature of a review, the more intimidated I am by the prospect of ever writing one again. It's hard to say that something is fair and has significance and is therefore worth saying, you know?

Also, I can think of nothing but two star experiences lately, and I wonder if I'm going through some kind of restaurant fatigue. 

Anyhow. What is everyone else ordering here? Where did I go wrong? 

We came by for happy hour. I was early so I just ordered a pint of Stella, which was $6 (reasonable), and the pitcher (with HH discount) was $19, so you get which is the better deal, don't make that mistake.

Ordered food out of boredom, which is probably the worst thing you can do, don't make that mistake either, that's your second lesson here. Calamari was atrocious. Hard, salty, chewy, had-the-moisture-content-frozen-right-out-of-'em rings with a most likely canned red sauce that could go on pasta or seafood or the floor. Corn dogs tasted like corn dogs. The Boy had all but the bite I took. They should be $4 for a box supermarket dogs, not $4/per. They were at least exactly how they should be, but honestly the only time I'll ever want them is on the Santa Monica pier after too many slushie-consistency-drinks with masterly hidden alcohol content. Not to mention carnies usually make them fresh by dipping hot dogs in the batter and frying right in front of you. National Mechanics definitely pulled these out of their freezer. Wings were competent, still not my favorite bar wings, and the blue cheese sauce was my least favorite iteration in memory-- not salty & tangy like proper blue cheese dressing, just had a really in your face funk.

Hey remember when there was a talk thread asking why Yelp wants to know if a place is "hipster"? This place is why. 

There is a creepy dog doll wearing a long wig and a bow over the far end of the bar. Don't look at it the whole time, you'll think about it when you don't want to, that's the last lesson here, and the most important I should think.
I went back to National Mechanics on Monday night for a Women for Haiti event that my friends GF was performing in. I wanted a corndog... they were out. My friend wanted chicken quesadillas with out onions, you can't get them that way. We ordered Pork Empanadas. They were soooooo good. The shredded pork was very well seasoned. Whatever the sauce was that they served with it was kind of bland. I, however, spied a bottle of sriracha on the other side of the bar and I fixed it. 

The beer selection was great as always and everytime I was unsure about a beer, the bartender let me taste it... always a plus. I hate getting a whole beer only to find out it's gross. 

And Needles is always fun to see there.... such a character.
Wow...what bad drinks, coupled with blatant lies from a waitress who tries to take advantage by saying one thing then doing another. If you plan to disregard this bad review I suggest you pay attention to your credit card statements...these guys should not be trusted!

Manager contacted us and promised to make this right.  I gotta give credit to them for taking care of our situation. Bumped up this rating
Honestly? LOVE this place. I love the space. Every time I'm here, I wish I had a reason to throw a party there and rent the whole place out. I love the decor for the holidays, and I love the place without it. The food is yummy and affordable bar food, and the service is generally pretty decent. The servers are always nice, but when it gets crowded things can get a little crazy. 

Beer selection is good. Etc etc. I particularly love National Mechanics as an escape from the typical bar scene in Old City.  It's a haven of sorts from. well. yeah. 

It also helps that the first time I came here was to see Peekaboo Revue... a little t&a will help warm any establishment to my heart.
Everyone raves about National Mechanics. I've been twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. The food is decent but not amazing, and if you are a beer drinker (which I am not - probably why much of the charm is lost on me) they have a nice and reasonably priced beer selection. The music is loud, this is not a quiet sit and talk place. I'm sure I'll be back there sooner or later. The best crowd description, my friend noted, "hipsters with jobs".
Wow. I travel from coast to coast in the USA and look for unique restaurants, eating out 4-days a week at least. Tonight's experience at the National Mechanics restaurant was an amazing experience. Our server, Sarrah, was excellent. She was attentive, speedy, and actually cared about our experience. Our visit was beyond our expectations.  

As we approached this old building with classic Roman columns out front, it didn't look like much. But inside, the quirkiness made me at ease and I smiled at the unique artwork and twisted decor. From the bug collection on the wall to the copper pipe art sinks in the restroom to the wall decorations, I loved this place instantly. 

Our food was exactly as ordered and every single server was ready to help if I even looked like I needed something. I was impressed. 

When the bill came and I saw how cheap the happy hour drinks were, we decided to stay just a little longer. ;-)

Thank you Sarrah and your amazing staff! We will be back soon!
My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place [literally stumbled, for him -- we went there after $1 PBRs at Sugar Mom's :)] one night, and I admit -- we were mostly drawn in by the fact that a friend of his is a bouncer there. But honestly, once I got in the door, I enjoyed the place. 

When we got there, a cool-looking band was leaving, and in their place was a Le Tigre song playing over the loudspeakers [which clinches it for me right there]. We were there late on a Friday night, so the place was absolutely *packed*. Very little room to move around unless you went to the back where the "stage" area is set-up [and the line for the bathroom]. There's a nice big plush couch back there next to the bar, which is really awesome for chilling out on. 

The rest of the place is your basic bar/restaurant set-up. However, the insanely high ceilings definitely take away from that trapped feeling you might get in such a crowded room. 

I didn't try the food that night, but did see that they have a really extensive menu [not just bar food!], and they serve well into the night, which is sometimes hard to find. I was really happy to find that they serve $2 Lagers [my favorite beer, and my boyfriend's] -- finally, a place I can get drunk for cheap and not have to drink shitty beer.

The only reason this place loses points is the crowd -- both in volume and personality. There seemed to be a lot of the "usual" types around [group of lame guys looking for chicks and getting way too drunk in the process, emo kids, guys in business attire that are trying to look like they have more money than they do]. It was also insanely crowded -- had I not been standing at the door talking to the bouncer for most of our time there, I don't know if I would have had a place to sit/stand. Overall, though, not a bad time!
I am new to National Mechanics so maybe I am not getting the "charm" of the decor. It was mostly a hodgepodge of fake birds and bare light bulbs. I was also confused by the odd images on the glasses. I know one was Poe but the one on mine looked like someone crossed a photo of Che Guevara with Jesus. But I digress, I went here after the Yelp event under peer pressure to watch a sports game I really done care about. It took a long time to get service, it took a long time for the food to come out even though we only ordered fries and nachos. How long does it take to slap together a plate of nachos? I was not really impressed. The beer specials looked pricey even for Olde City. I might wander back in one day when I am in the area and the place is not hosting a large sports viewing party.
Came here for happy hour: cheap beers and cheap food! 

However, I just ordered off the regular drink menu because they have some great drink names! For example: Obama Bomb, Bad Hombre Margarita, Snacks on the Beach, and Nasty Woman Shandy.

Cocktails are about $9-12 which is pretty standard! I got the Bad Hombre Margarita which had a little kick (aka spice). The bartender said a lot of people actually send this drink back because they don't like the spice. I thought it was a nice contrast to the margarita! Cheers!
While looking for some bars to go to while a friend was in town, I came across National Mechanics! Why, you ask? The picture of the Bloody Mary, of course. We ended up being here so long that we got some happy hour specials too!

The Bloodys were just fine, a little on the spicy side (and I like spicy), but the bartender was great and accommodating. She'll definitely make it how you like it. I also got the jalapeo pineapple margarita. As soon as I saw that name, I had to try it. I love making these at home too. Freshly muddled jalapeo, pineapple, and cilantro. But, this one was a bit different. Jalapeo infused tequila with pineapple juice. Not my favorite, but did the trick. 

We also tried one of their cocktails on tap. It was some sort of a watermelon concoction. It wasn't my favorite...tastes simply like watermelon juice. 

However, I will recommend the PRETZEL! It is giant. Served with spicy whole grain mustard and melty cheese. The pretzel itself pulls apart like brioche with the perfect chewy exterior. It's a must-try.
I stopped by for brunch because a friend was DJing. I have to say, the bloody mary bar was delicious, and I was incapacitated by the hot sauce choices. Fried onions - delicious. The only thing they were missing were olives and pickled eggs.

The wait, however, was ridiculous. I did go with a group of 7, but we waited an hour for our food and the place was empty. Also, my egg whites weren't cooked, which makes me a little nauseous. OK, a lot. Sigh. Step it up - it's such a great space!
Damn good veggie burger. DAMN good!!!

This is a real gem right in wonderful, historic Old City. Charming, warm, and cozy, this place is an awesome hangout. My husband, in-laws, friends and I spent a few hours here on a rainy Thursday night and had a great time. First of all, it's laid-back, half-bar, half-restaurant, fully awesome. The place was energetic but not overcrowded on Thursday night. Our waitress was friendly without being overbearing, and we all enjoyed some snacks and drinks while we caught up. The veggie burger was hot, savory, and full of flavor; the rest of the bites ordered by my party (popcorn chicken, hummus, and nachos) were also rather tasty. And reasonably priced as well!

Sounds like things are a bit more crowded and happenin' over the weekend, but Thursday night was great for me!
Mmmmmm. The food here was pretty good, although I'll admit that I should have ordered something else besides the salmon.

I chose this restaurant for dinner with my family, aunt and uncle. I was skeptical at first, because even though the menu sounded amazing, I know my dad and brother are especially picky when it comes to American cuisine. Thankfully, the food here was spectacular. My dad ordered the lamb lollipops, while my brother ordered the skirt steak special. Both had rave reviews about the food. They even licked off every crumb! (Literally.)

As for everyone else's orders... my uncle thought the veggie burger was very unique, in that you could see all the veggies in the veggie patty. My aunt and mom got the salmon orichiette pasta, which to them tasted very flavorful... just a bit oily. My salmon dish was fine, but it could have used less butter sauce. Nevertheless, I'm really glad I took the risk to bring my fam here. It's too bad I'm only spending another few days in Philly before I fly home to SF, but I'm definitely going to keep this place in my bookmarks.
about 99% of the time, i hate old city. sure, there is great ice cream to be had and during the day it can be great but... if you've ever been here on the weekend and you're half reasonable, you know this is an asshole magnet. my company recently had our christmas party here, in late feb., we do it when we can. and i have to say this place was pretty great. very stimulating decor, fun bathrooms, decent food and servers who were dancing 'cause they got it in their blood, not cause they were getting paid to. a laudable beer selection and bacon flavored vodka. yup. i dont like vodka usually and like all good hearted people, i love bacon, lo and behold, WORLDS COLLIDE! a+ for effort on that one. so to sum it all up..... i may never go back when it looks riddled with tools but i had a great time. thanks and keep dancin the night away..................................
This is a phenomenal joint, especially for Old City!  The drinks are cheap, the food is good, the people are great and so is the music.  What more could you ask for in a bar?
Meandered around the city looking for a lunch spot after a mid-day meeting. Happened upon National Mechanics and propped myself up at the bar. Bonus: purse hooks!

Enjoyed the beer selection and the asparagus and goat cheese salad. I was very tempted by other less healthy options (burger, shepherd's pie) but really wanted to sample more of the beer menu so I kept it low-cal (sorta). Tastes were great.

I imagine at night there is a certain type of person that frequents this bar, but at lunch I was joined by many sorts.  A tourist family, two history nerds, three corporate lunchers, a old married couple and two ladies lunching, to name a few.  Here it's lunch as you are and there's definitely something for everyone.

And next time I'm getting the burger.
Went during daytime bar crawl.
A. Was better when it was coyote ugly (what? I like chicks dancing on stage, c'mon)
B. Make your own bloody mary was an okay gimmick, t'was expensive though
C. Waitress was mad sweet and did not pester our group
D. Was packed due to footy match btwn Eng and US...but since there's lots of space, was not uncomfortable
E. Fish n' chips were delish, but was not satisfying...they give you much more fish...and chips in England

I will hit again, if they revert back to coyote ugly.
