Decent local bar, good for catching the game and some snacks. The kitchen is open late every day, which is something that isn't always easy to find. The beer selection is pretty solid. 

Friends and I stopped in on Thursday night for some beers and snacks. We ordered cheese fries, cheesesteak egg rolls and a chicken quesadilla. The food was good enough for late night munchies, but I probably wouldn't seek out New Wave for a regular meal. That said, I'd be fine with popping in while in the neighborhood to view a game and enjoy a cold one.
In my three hour long adventure for some basic French toast and side of bacon, I witnessed more service atrocities at New Wave than I can remember anywhere else.

So here I have compiled a list of Basic Rules which the staff at New Wave should follow. I recommend a full day training course.

1. If you're completely slammed, it would be nice to let people know that when you get there, to avoid people leaving while waiting the two hours it will take to get their food.

2. If it's 50 degrees and raining, there is no need for air conditioning. 

3. If you plan to put the hostess in charge of clearing tables, please make sure that she is capable of doing this quickly enough that she can seat people who have been waiting an hour for those tables to be cleared. Also, be sure that if she is going to put place settings down, that she can count out silverware and napkins without needing a calculator.

4. If a customer asks a server, "hey can you check on my food?" the appropriate response is NOT, "yeah, everyone else is complaining too." Please take note of the ONE waitress who actually went into the kitchen to check for us, and then offered up an appetizer.

5. If customers are waiting two hours for their food, it would be nice to check in, offer to refill their drinks, apologize for the wait, etc.

6. Finally, if someone orders a Bloody Mary "not too spicy," that is not invitation to pour the whole bottle of tobasco in, and then roll your eyes and say "that's just how I make it."

Why the New Wave gets two stars is because the manager was kind enough to slash our bill, one waitress actually wasn't rude, and the food was pretty good. Getting an apology from the douchebag hostess was too little too late, but she didn't seem to be in rush to do anything else so I'm not too shocked.
I went to New Wave to hang out with a friend, eat a bit, and maybe drink a glass of wine. She ordered a turkey sandwich. It looked appetizing.......but then she found a hair about middle part of it...she put it down. She went for the other half---------youre not going to believe it---there was a hair in that one too. Dude- thats gross....and I know hair happens, but Jesus.....TWO of them, on different halves? Sucks. I ordered wings..... too saucy...maybe partially cooked first? Little rubbery. The wine was fine. Service was slow........Dont think Ill be back. Maybe you get better service if you are sitting inside- who knows.
This place is named New Wave but the Facilities are pretty much Trashed , I'm guessing Sepultura Moshed in this place instead.  pretty bad bar food sandwiches were icky and the only bright spot was the staff was not vicious . Excuse for my Let it all out but I was really disappointed your name will emabarass  Siouxsie & the Banshees, The Cure, Soft Cell, and The Psychedelic Furs all in all.
I gave this place another chance last night hoping the shortcomings from last time were because I ordered a salad.  I really wanted to like this place considering it's generally in my neighborhood, so this time I ordered a burger and fries since I figured you can't really go wrong with that at a bar.  However, I was pretty disappointed, which sucks, considering the inside of the place feels like a really nice, friendly homey bar that would crank out great bar food.

For one, there's no hostess so it was a kind of guessing game as to if we should seat ourselves when walking in.  The service wasn't bad but it wasn't good either - kind of apathetic and no mention of specials or anything like that.  BF got the buffalo wings since last time we really enjoyed their chicken fingers in buffalo sauce. Wings were great and so is the sauce - kicking myself for not ordering that.

I ordered the burger that came with blue cheese, bacon and caramelized onions with fries on the side.  When the server brought it out, I was impressed with the sheer size of the burger, but the plate they gave me was the same size plate as my BF's appetizer wing plate and I had no room at all to place the burger down without making a royal mess.

As for the burger, it was cooked a perfect medium, there was tons of blue cheese and the bacon was crispy - the good flavors were all there.  But the "caramelized" onions were slimy, COLD and barely caramelized.  It was off-putting.  The lackluster bun completely disintegrated in my hands with all the toppings plus the lettuce and tomato, so that it became a mushy mess and I ended up eating just the meat since so much of the bun fell off.

The fries were the worst part.  On the plate, they looked so good.  But upon touching and eating them, I realized they were rubbery and underdone, soggy and laden with grease - not crispy, crunchy or salty at all.  Very disappointing.  If the fries were good, I could have given them the benefit of the doubt - but how do you screw up the most basic side ingredient?  

Daily drink specials seem decent and the menu is varied but I don't see myself returning any time soon except maybe ordering takeout for those wings.
This review is for drinks only.

New Wave has quite a good selection of beer at reasonable prices.  Seems to be a solid, dependable but otherwise unspectacular neighborhood place.  The menu is predictable and even if they execute their food well it doesn't really interest me enough to try anything.  Perhaps I've been spoiled by gastropubs, and/or have grown too attached to the idea of them.

I'm trying to figure out how "New Wave" could at all be an apt name for this place.  It looks like a typical Philly quasi-sports bar, busily decorated with much sports and music memorabilia (Bon Jovi and the like), magazine covers, etc.  There was a pretty good crowd on a Thursday night, made up of a variety of folks and decidedly non-hipstery.  Bonus points for that.

A Bell's Two-Hearted can be found on tap 5.50.  Not too bad, and I was glad to see my favorite beer from my midwest days.  At the end of the second one the bartender started to take my glass away and I insisted that I take the last little gulplet.  "Really?" she said.  She thought she was being clever.

Yes, REALLY.  I love alcohol almost as much as life itself.  I want to drink every last drop, and don't question me.

The men's bathroom has a problem and deserves special mention:

There is both a urinal and a toilet in it.  The urinal has a wood panel to one side so no one can see a man's cocked facade if the door is opened.  But then there is no stall around the toilet, so there's really no point in having this being a potentially shared bathroom.  And weirdest of all, there is *no lock* on the door.  This is ok if you're using the urinal, but I would like to issue a warning to anyone taking a dump in the New Wave men's bathroom:  anyone could walk in while you're doing your business and you'd be out in the open and shit out of luck, so to speak.  I think that any bathroom that opens up the potential for that sort of situation should have a lock on the door.  That is all.
I just moved into the area and had heard good things about New Wave from some coworkers and friends in the area but after the last 2 experiences I will never eat there again.

I went in on January 1st and it was a little busy but the dining area wasn't that bad. We ordered a burger some fries and soup and I wanted 4 tables around us get flipped and get food while we waiting over 45 minutes and no food. Finally we flag down a waitress who cops an attitude for me asking and then our waitress comes over and tell us the food order got lost. Also note we had to flag down a waitress no one ever checked in on us. Finally I asked for the manger after almost an hour and no food and he apologizes and comps the food but when it comes out the burger is overcooked and the tater tots are cold.

I went back again last night for a 2nd chance, this time I brought my parents. My mom is allergic to shellfish and the waitress says man that sucks everyhing is cooked together here and my mom orders a reuben as does my step father I order the special, a buffalo chicken wrap, 50 minutes later I have to go up to the bar and ask for them to check on it, and also turn the Flyers game back on it was 4-4 with like 3  minutes to go and they flip it without seeing if it was still on. When the food comes out the Reubens are both hot,  but my sandwich is room temp at best and the tater tots are cold. Again our waitress never checked on us, but one of the bartenders had walked by a couple times and she even refilled our beer.

Awful service, wait staff is rude. I have been told its best to just sit at the bar because the bartenders actually care and pay attention. I have never written a review on a place before but I felt after my last two times, I had to.
The New Wave Cafe is one of those places I will stop by while in the neighborhood, but like the neighborhood itself (sorry, QV-ers), it's generally unremarkable.

A great selection of beers, for sure, and a friendly staff to back it up.  Once a friend and I played a game of Scrabble at the bar, and got some tips from the staff and patrons alike.  It was the most participatory game of Scrabble I've ever played.

The decor is so-so - along with the jukebox, which was one of those expensive computer kinds.  The New Wave isn't terrible by any means - it just doesn't do much for me.
A few hours after finishing the Broad Street Run and craving a tasty burger, my cheering section (party of one) recommended that we hit the New Wave Cafe.  Parking nearby wasn't too bad, even for a northeast philly girl like me who is an admittedly very crappy parallel parker.  as we walked in, i was surprised by the size of the place, which was quite a lot larger than i anticipated.
the two of us were one party back and quickly became next in line when the hostess told the other people waiting that it would be 10-15 minutes.  not particularly interested in going somewhere else, i was game for waiting the few minutes for a table.
here's the thing, hostess:  just because you assume that we overheard what you were telling the people who just left, doesn't give you carte blanche to ignore us for the following 15 minutes or so.  
the hostess walked back and forth as we waited and waited and were ignored by the entire staff, including her, even after she made eye contact a couple times and could see we were waiting for her.  i understand that we were coming in at the end of the brunch rush, but you still under no circumstances should be ignored as someone who is willing to hand over your dollars.
finally a couple guys left the bar and we took their seats.  the bartender was pretty busy and it seemed like she was more interested in paying attention to the people she knew by name.  normally i'd be annoyed by this, but i think i'd appreciate it if i got the same treatment as a regular, so i didn't mind letting it slide that it took way too long just for us to get our menus.  
i don't know why, but i assumed for some reason that my burger would be hand formed instead of a frozen patty, which it was.  what makes this acceptable:  you could choose 2 from a pretty decent selection of cheeses and other toppings like portabellas, poblanos, and bacon.  their fries are excellent.
the initial service (lackthereof) that we received really killed it for me.  the food was okay, but plenty of places have okay food.  i'd rather go to one that has consistent service.  
i will say this:  the bartender was really cool after the rush died down and she even asked me how the race went, which was nice.  i didn't catch her name though, i'd definitely recommend sitting in her section of the bar (if they do sections).  the best way i can describe her is that she's the really pretty, petite one with the shaved head.   :)
The bathrooms are dank.  The characters I've met here were beyond seedy.  I have bad memories of this place.  Bad, bad memories.

Also: they should really start checking IDs.
Came here for brunch on Sunday and it was a surprisingly nice experience! 

Lots of outdoor seating which is nice, both covered and uncovered. Everyone was wearing masks and there is a separate entrance to go to the restroom so you're not wandering around the bar needlessly. All the standard culprits when it comes to the food available. We had Nutella waffles with a side of home fries and the nocoise salad. Salad came with a large helping of tuna on top. You should get it medium rare - we had it medium and it had become a bit dry. Salad was delicious with red onions and olives and 2 hard boiled eggs. The Nutella waffles were delicious with bananas Nutella and some crunchy hazelnut slivers for texture. Waffles themselves weren't the softest I suppose but excellent regardless. Homefries on the side were great with some peppers thrown in for good measure and nice crispy brown bits that were fantastic. 

Service was quick and the servers were great. Very nice and helpful and joking with us. Seemed like they actually enjoyed working there, or at least were very good actors. They also have sports on TV on Catharine street even for those sitting outside. Did I mention 5$ mimosa's before noon on Sat & Sun? 

Pretty good food, nice neighborhood bar vibe, pretty good food overall. Check em out if you're in the area!.
This place falls under the category:

"Tired and Old Philadelphia Institution that needs to just Go"

Yes a lengthy title but this place is seriously old and tired.  I only go here because I am forced to go here but the food and the service...well to be honest - it just is not that great anymore.  Once upon a time in a galaxy far far away it was a decent place but now?  Seems like the just like taking your money and that is about it...
Oh Neeeeeeeeew Waaaaaaave..... what happened to that little Queens Village gem from 7-10 years ago. Where is the 3 bell review Laban gave you....? This used be that "go to" neighborhood bar where you would not have a second thought about here to hangout if you needed to fallback on an excuse to get out of house.... 

I ventured back to the old neighborhood and check in on you...... you are sick, you are old, outdated...what happened to you? Where is the flair, where is the chicken cutlet with rabe and sharp provolone before it was popular, where are the waitresses that are above 13 yrs old and cute, what happened to.......you get the picture,
I don't usually come this way, but had a meeting in the area and about half an hour to kill ahead of it and this place was the closest place to eat that looked promising. I had the cheese steak and my partner had a barbecue pork sandwich, both of which were so good that I kept eating well beyond the point of being stuffed. Even their fries were excellent. The server was also really nice about making sure that we were in and out with some time to spare. I definitely want to go back and try something more adventurous, because their sandwiches are spot on. Wish it was easier to find parking around QV, but I suppose you can't have everything.
I have been to the New Wave enough times that I'm probably paying for the owners' kids' college educations. Check out the Megatouch machine at the front of the bar and just try to beat my Photohunt score. 

There are many thing to love about this place. One could spend hours looking at the autographs collected over the years by one of the owners, Sam. Monday night's Quizo, hosted by Pat Hines, is among the best in the city: challenging but not impossible. Going on vacation? Bring the New Wave the ugliest magnet you can find, and Aly's likely to give you a beer on the house. The staff at the New Wave is great, and a big reason I keep coming back. The addition of more outside seating, plus new tables and windows, and a refurbished pool/dart room, have been big improvements this year. 

My one quibble with the New Wave is the food. While it's almost always very good, they need a bit more variety. The same specials stay on the chalkboards for weeks, sometimes months. Don't they cease being "special" by that point?

Ok, maybe I have another minor quibble: that jukebox. Ugh. Also: I wish they would get an ATM machine.

However, these minor minor complaints aren't things that would keep me away. It's my neighborhood bar, my Cheers.
A top-notch sit-a-spell in Queen Village, severely underrated by my fellow Yelpers. 

Menu: Varied and thrilling (ranging from lamb tacos and buffalo chicken salad to burgers, seitan and salmon.)

Food: well prepared, nicely presented and delicious. (Big props for the unapologetically stodgy fries.)

Service: warm, friendly, competent, attentive. In other words: perfect.

Wine & beer selection: very solid. (Plus yay for a non-BYOB. Sometimes - most of the time - or with me, all the time - you just want to sit down after an ass-chappingly long day and order a nice drink with dinner, without having to truck around a bottle or sprint against the clock to score a can of warm swill at the state store.)

Atmosphere: lovely, neighborhoody, low-key.  

Prices: ridiculously reasonable. 

The dessert I got, some alleged Jim Beam chocolate banana cake thing - was less than exciting. I might skip that bit.

Normally I find my that my experiences mirror, or at least echo, those of fellow reviewers. Here however - I couldn't disagree more.

This place is a winner.
I've been here for brunch a few times. Once we had to make reservations, and once was on a Saturday morning at around 10:30 AM, and we were the only people there. Both times, the food was great and the service was friendly. They have a menu with lots of variety, from the regular eggs-any-style/pancakes/french toast to more unique offerings like a granola/yogurt/fruit bowl and juevos rancheros. I'd definitely recommend it but since some other reviewers said it was crowded, maybe you want to call ahead. 

I was also there for quizzo once on a Monday night, and drinks once on a Saturday, and both times it was fun.
New Wave is my neighborhood bar. They have a good beer selection, food is average to very good, and you can show up completely casual or dressed to the 9's and get served the same and not looked at sideways. Some good pts: you can sit inside or out, at the bar or in more formal seating, and they play European soccer matches on TV! Dog friendly seating outside. Sign up for their enewsletter and get some great weeky deals. If you want a place to impress or have earth shattering food, New Wave is not it. But if you want a pub haunt where you can kick back and chill or just have a quiet meal, join me.
always lively and bustling with a crowd ! new wave knows how to keep their customers happy. bartenders are quick and friendly, remember your orders and are knowledgable of the products they are selling. the food is standard bar food, nothing shocking but good ! table service kinda slacks which is why I'm giving 4 stars but I'll keep coming back
The penne pasta dish with meatball. Yes one meatball is a deal for just $8! and quite tasty and Mostly consistent. 

I used to come here when it was a small dive. Its now grown. But the drunks are still there and have no problem coming up to me and bothering me whilst I eat. Some things never change.
Whether you're looking for a spot to enjoy drink specials at while playing a game of pool or darts, a gastropub with good craft beers and slightly better than standard pub fare, or a solid sports bar to revel during a game amid South Philly regulars; you'll find it at this neighborhood institution.

In a big way you really do get more than kind of bar in this Queen Village watering hole. The main attraction is the center pub that's just off a dive thanks to its well rounded craft beer selection, that caters to plenty of colorful locals and regulars. The second is its dining area which features plenty of gastropub staples, as well as a tasty menu which may border just a bit on the excessive. Add in a game room thats complete with a dart board, a classic pool table, at least one arcade game, and plenty of bobbleheads; and you have a good spot to chill with friends on a slow drinky weekday.

With 20 appetizers, 9 salads, 12 sandwiches, 7 burgers, 6 large plates, and pizza options, the menu is pretty freaking large and hard to chose from. But it does have plenty of winners among it like the fig & prosciutto pizza, Texas burger with jalepenos and BBQ sauce, crab mac and cheese, and Guinness battered fish and chips.
Tasty food, reasonable prices, good beer selection along with six packs available to go late at night, and a great location - what's not to like?

I've been here a few times to snack and/or drink before various things - mostly improv shows at the Shubin theater. This is a very chill place with an eclectic bar snack menu and matching beers.

Walt Wit on tap for 5 bucks or so is great for me. Screams "Summer." Their tater tots are served with a gooey cheese sauce and are deliciously crisp on the outside and not too oily on the inside - the downfall of many a tot. Their lobster mac and cheese is also good. The fish tacos were tasty, but not the best I've had. Worth trying if nothing else on the menu catches your eye.

I haven't had anything but the snack food here, but New Wave has done well with it all. I'll go ahead and try an actual meal sometime.

Pro-tip:
There's a separate entrance for the dining room seating area so you don't have to walk all the way around the bar. I've made that mistake at least twice.
I went to the New Wave Cafe for the first time last night to meet some friends for dinner. I had pretty high expectations of it considering that I had heard rave reviews of this joint from a few friends. I wound up being greatly disappointed. The only good thing that I can say about the New Wave is that the service is friendly and fast, and I always had a new beer coming my way after I emptied the glass of the brewski I was working on. I ordered the turkey burrito, which looked scrumptious when it was placed in front of me. One bite into it, though, and I realized that it was the blandest thing that I may have ever eaten. Sure, it was packed with fresh turkey, black beans, corn, tomato, and cheese --- but it severely lacked in the seasonings department. I have two words for the New Wave Cafe:

Cayenne pepper



or maybe just...



Hot sauce.


Either one of those would have done the trick.
Great neighborhood place where my friends and I usually end up late at night. There is one dart board and one pool table, so we try to grab one or the other if there is not a game on. But the dart board is very close to the pool table, so it's in your best interest to make friends with the people playing pool, just in case you accidentally impale them. New Wave has a respectable number of tvs, but if you don't get there on the early side for a big game, you might be craning your neck a little.  

Fairly decent brunch and I'm a fan of the bloody marys. Other than brunch, I've mainly stuck to the small bar plates, wings, hummus, etc., occasionally branching out to a burger here and there, and the food is consistently good. Brunch is best in the warmer weather when you can sit outside and enjoy the quaint Queen Village neighborhood. I'm not a fan of the dining area (feels too removed and I like to be in the middle of things), and always sit at a high top or at the bar when inside. The beer selection is respectable and can satisfy the beer snob as well as those who only drink Miller Lite.

The crowd is mainly local neighborhood folks and very friendly, as are the bartenders - the wait staff is a bit hit or miss. It can get very busy on the weekends and for games, but you can still usually snag a bit of the bar or a windowsill....

Oh, and the bathrooms here are always remarkably clean.
Over-Priced.

Okay, I don't own a restaurant or anything, but I certainly have been to a lot of restaurants, and I have noticed (after all these years) that some charge small amounts of money and some charge large amounts of money.  And all for the same thing.  I was at a bar in Long Island where I purchased a six pack of Miller Highlife for $4.50.  At the New Wave, I paid $4.75 for one Miller Highlife.  THIS IS A TRUE STORY.

I have had food at New Wave.  Some of it was good, some of it was weak.  I could take it or leave it.  I'm going to leave it, though.  I'll march down the street to any number of bars and get the same Tofu Scramble for brunch at half the price.

Just to set the record straight, I don't have a deep rooted hatred for New Wave.  I don't go around slandering it or anything (which is nice of me, since I DO do that about other things), but I just don't understand the pricing system in bars and restaurants.  I guess if you can hike up your prices, go for it.  But I'd rather sling a $4 long island at Dirty Franks than a cursed $4.75 Highlife at New Wave.
The fries are good. The television is massive, and the employees and patrons alike are friendly and always ready for a conversation. They have a good selection of bottles (try La Fin Du Monde if you have a healthy wallet) and the atmosphere manages to be lively without being obnoxious. 

Oh, and did I mentioned the fries? They are GOOD. Also, the pita and hummus is a great cheap way to fill your vegetarian stomach or tease your vegetarian friend (due to personality issues, I am usually able to do both, even when alone).

The juke box is the usual fare, the pool table gets the job done, and the plentiful bar and table seating makes the place good for a loner, a couple, or a rowdy reunion of felonious frolickers.

Sorry, lost myself there for a moment.

Only complaint: Get a lock on the Men's Room door. For balls sake, there's nothing like getting walked in on 5 or 6 times during a single pee session. Not to mention that courtesy flimsy-wooden-thing that blocks the interloper from actually spying your junk looks like it's about to fall out of the wall any minute.

Guard my urination, New Wave, and I will be yours for life.
The first time I went to New Wave Cafe was in 2004 or so. I had reservations with a friend at Dimitri's across the street. We stayed in the bar area and I thought the place was a bit divey. The next time I went was an after party for a show I did at The Shubin in 2005. We had a great time and we were in the back on the bar side. It wasn't until this summer that I had actually sat in the dining area and ordered food. The food was great, that atmosphere was as well. I believe a game was on. Go...whoever it was! I had the Turkey Burger, which was delish! So yeah, like New Wave is so hip and happening, MAN! Like you should totally take ur squeeze there for a meal before a show. Yeah, like yeah and some junk!
New Wave is somewhere between divey and hipstery in a neighborhood kind of way. I like it a lot. We first started to go here after hockey games (it is a PSN bar sponsor). Good beer selection, ok prices, and the staff is always super friendly but a little slow. I would not go here for a "quick" lunch or dinner, but if I had a little time to kill. Last week they had a $3 mystery beer - beer roulette is the BEST GAME EVER because there are clear winners (Harp Lager) and losers (Bud Ice Platinum). Cheap drafts during all Philadelphia sport games. This is a great spot for groups, for dates, and to watch sports. 
The food is nothing short of delicious. Tater tots? GET THEM. Get 2, your friends are going to steal them. 
The chicken quesadilla was giant! very tasty, thick, I got it as a dinner instead of an app and I was beyond full. Good for sharing.
The Mushroom flat bread was also delicious and large. I ended up sharing about half of it, but I would say that it was definitely enough for a meal. It was crispy and the toppings-to-crust ratio was spot on.
BBQ Pork sandwich was OK...I'm just a bbq sauce snob so it is hard to please me. Protein was cooked well.
GO TO NEW WAVE CAFE!
I would recommend going elsewhere for better service....like McDonald's.
Needed a wake me up on a Sunday morning before we headed back home to Boston. Came here and was greeted right away by the bartender. My wife and I split a breakfast pizza that totally hit the spot and was very flavorful!
Here is the thing. I absolutely would have given New Wave 4 stars, but the service was so appalling this evening, I have to give it two. Our server ignored us. Was absolutely rude, rolled her eyes at us and was completely unengaging. In an almost empty dining room during the Eagles game, she stayed near the hostess stand or visibly ate in the kitchen instead of checking on us. The food was really good, however. I had the hummus and turkey sandwich and my husband had the burger. Our friend Sarah had the cheesesteak after she asked this server if the brisket was fatty and was told, "Well, I mean, it's meat. It's going to be kind of fatty." I would definitely go back. The TVs are great and in prime real estate for Philly sports and the food is great, Additionally, the owner allowed 40 Green Bay fans to take over half of the bar without any criticism whatsoever.
Decent food, service ok.

BEWARE: Mens room door has NO LOCK! Minus 1 star
New Wave is close to my apartment, so I usually go because it is convenient. Unfortunately, it just doesn't satisfy.  The waitstaff is a little off. They aren't mean, just different. The service is always very slow. WARNING: Do not go here if you are starving because you will be dead by the time the food comes. 

Also, on a recent visit, I noticed the menu changed.  I ordered the chicken fingers and french fries. The chicken fingers were over-fried and greasy;  the fries were soggy.  Chicken fingers and fries are pretty basic menu items, so I was very disappointed and kind of appalled. 

I will probably end up here again for some reason, but I will proceed with caution and a not-so-empty tummy.
I've lived in Philly for 4+ years now and have experienced all the young-pro neighborhoods. That being said, this is by far the best neighborhood bar that I've lived around. Great beer, great tvs, great food, pool table and darts, friendly bartenders, play quizzo on Monday nights, plenty of bar seats, outside seating during the warm months, etc. basically everything you want in a bar. 

The beer list is great and constantly rotating. The food menu goes a few steps beyond your normal bar food; catfish BLT is a top Sammy choice for me. Don't have a single complaint about this place. Def has that neighborhood vibe, which is something I always enjoy.
LOVE New Wave! 

The staff is friendly and courteous. They have excellent service and tons of beer and drink selections. I think I have tried almost every house drink on the menu. 

The food is good. I wouldn't say it's blow my mind good or anything, but it is good. 

I like this place because it has a dive bar feel to it and it is far enough off South Street that the prices are more reasonable and there is little to no tourists. 

This is bar you can feel comfortable in day or night. 

I haven't tried Quizzo here yet, but I really want to, so if you want to start a team, HIT ME UP! LOL

Good food, good beer, good drinks, not too hectic, nice staff, no tourists, mellow and fun. Thumbs up! 

Oh also, if you want to sit outside and drink you have to order dinner.
The food has gone decidedly downhill in the 18 months we've lived around the corner.  It was a notch above yer standard bar & grill with some eccentric touches to keep things interesting.  But the last two times we went I sensed that the tiny kitchen was being stretched to the limit.  Dishes took forever and were delivered lukewarm to the table.  The final straw were the mussels - the overly fishy smell should have been a dead giveaway, but we dug in regardless.  They were...um, bad.  Mealy and just not fresh.  Burgers were big, but bland.
We will probably not be going back for dinner.  To sit at the bar and watch a game, sure.  But that's about it.
Always been a favorite neighborhood stop of mine... Mostly because of its owners, the staff, lovely outdoor area, yummy tomato habenaro bisque in the fall and their pretty consistently offered good ole Bell's Two-hearted beer option. 

Just some food comments though. The food hasnt been consistent for quite awhile now.  Used to be superior to the average bar/bistro when it came to food.  My guess is that the cooks keep changing up.  What ever happened to the awesome lightly dressed crispy margarita pizza? I used to get their flatbread pizza with herbed goat cheese and portabella but now it's a super cheesy plain thin crust cheese pizza (not at all a tasty margarita pizza) It's plain and ordinary and kind of a soggy bland mess at times. I miss the old crisp option that I loved so much and consistently got. Their quesadillas used to be pretty darn awesome too.  Now they're overly stuffed and under seasoned. Not sure what happened. Fish tacos are huge chunks of fish but theyre missing the fun fixings like cabbage slaw or a tangy spicy sauce...and sadly the tomato habenaro soup is different too and a bit too spicey without the old exceptional fresh pepper flavor.  Still love this place and will continue to eat and drink here and give it a 4 stars for the reasons i mentioned at the beginning.  Hopefully my staple bar food items will turn back around here and wow me again.  My guess is that it will turn back around this summer.

Ps: the chicken Italiano and stuffed long hots are still pretty darn awesome! As is weekend brunch!
Probably the worst bar I've been to in Philly. Boring! It was hotter inside than outside in the summer. The waitress said that she didn't know if the AC worked.
My new fave brunch spot, south of south street.

Met the owner. Very chill dude. 

The Iil Italian waitress was a cutie and very accommodating.

My homegurl's French toast was deeelish and she destroyed it in 0.00009867 seconds.

My lox platter (yah, I'm a Jewish-Pacific Islander) was savory...the cucumbers and tomatoes were fresh and the bagel, although small, was nicely toasted.

Depeche Mode
The Cure
New Order
Thompson Twins
Pet Shop Boys
Tears For Fears
OMD

...yah, New Wave, mofos
Loving this Queen Village spot. Always great service and they always have some great specials to add onto the already awesome menu. 

Ordered the signature fries which were good , but could have used more crab meat. 

The beer selection is tremendous. Seems like beer week every week. 

I definitely suggest you check it out!!
THIS PLACE ROCKS! I love the food.. the drinks... the bartenders... everything about it! They have realy fun creative food that hits the spot every time... Some of my favs are "Crab guacamole" - I mean WHO DOESN'T want lumps of fresh crabmeat in their guac?? It is delicious! The catfish BLT - YUM! and the lamb tacos with a variety of toppings on the side.
If you have never been to "New wave" you are missing out!
I'm really surprised New Wave is so harshly judged on Yelp!  I guess it's up against some pretty tough competition in the surrounding area (royal tavern, for petes sake definitely have better food), but I find that New Wave has something different to offer.  I go here relatively frequently for Quizzo, which is really fun, and the winnings are $50 bar tab credit and $25 bar tab credit for first and second place finishes, respectively.  I think I've had the same waitress every time I've been there, who's always very sweet and relatively attentive.  They also always seem to have some kind of a beer special, which is great if you're like me and aren't a super big beer snob, just want a decently-priced brew to enjoy with your Quizzo.  Their wings are REALLY surprisingly good, and I've tried some of their more adventurous grub, which was also good.  It's definitely not a life-changer of a place, but it's a good, friendly, and solid neighborhood spot.
Went with a few friends last night to watch the hockey game and grab some dinner.  First off, great Sunday night vibe (crowded with people grabbing a bite and a beer), good prices, and a great menu selection.

In terms of service, I think our waitress had a mild case of bipolar -- she went from surly to apologetic to friendly to surly several times over the course of the night.

Food was very good, although we went under promise of an Olympic special of Poutine, which they stopped serving! They also ran out of Molson on special -- so much for Olympic spirit!  My quesadilla was especially tasty, and my friends who branched out of bar food to scallops and mussels both enjoyed their meals!

Amazingly, all I could think about is how a place like this is sorely lacking in my 'hood. Sure, we have Nodding Head and Good Dog, but they're both not conducive to sports watching.  Other "sports" bars have terrible food.  And although I love Smith's and find the food to be pretty good, their menu lacks...well...selection.  Maybe Ansill will change Ladder for the better and actually make that a go-to...

Back to New Wave -- a great experience!  I look back to going back.
i'd give it a 3.5 if i could. 
i had brunch there last week and it was a nice experience. our waitresses were very nice and friendly and their service was great. i liked that it wasnt too crowded at all but it didnt have much of an atmosphere inside. i had the tofu scramble and it was the best i've had in a while. i liked it better than Sabrina's even. huge curried chunks of tofu and veggies. and it wasn't wet. it came with a side of homefries. a very small side. and i dont think it came with toast. you get enough food to fill you up for sure but not really for left overs. i'm used to have leftovers after brunch, and for the same price point. my friend got some kind of chips and beans and sour cream and salsa and egg deal that looked wet. but he seemed to like it well enough. it was a nice brunch but i dont think i'd go back bc i like leftovers.
I see why people like this place, it's neighborhoody the kind of place where the bartenders know the regulars. I am not a regular, but I would not be opposed to heading back again for a number of reasons...the highlight reel:

Tots. Order them, the online menu says they're served with marinara but that's a lie, they were served with a smokey cheesey sauce, LOVE.

Salmon Salad? Meh....alright at best, certainly not inedible, just a little blah. The menu said it came with a horseradish dressing, but it was lacking in the arena of horseradish UMPH. My friend said his meatball parm sandwich was really enjoyable though, maybe I just ordered too on the healthy side for bar food to be "woo'd".

Beer...it's fall, I wanted something pumpkin, helloooo Smuttynose on tap. People say there's a quality beer selection, but I was on a mission...maybe after baseball season's over I'll get back here and spend a Sunday afternoon exploring the rest of my options.

Bar sponsored activities. New Wave sponsors a team of patrons that play softball and soccer against other quality city bars including Dirty Franks, P.O.P.E., and Standard Tap to name a few. They also apparently have a pool league, dart league, and drum roll please.....QUIZZO! Monday nights from 9-11, first place team gets $50 off their evenings tab with second place taking $25 off. Not too shabby and the kind of place that gets the entire downstairs dining room/bar in on the action. Doesn't matter where you sit, the quiz master reads aloud over a PA system that cuts through the music so everyone can hear.

I'll be back, yet another establishment to add to the growing list of neighborhood watering holes deserving of my hard earned shekels.
Cool, hip, neighborhood bar with great pub grub and service. My friend who knows I am interested in moving to this neighborhood in the near future, suggested I try this restaurant/bar. So,as I was nearby getting my haircut on South Street, I decided to try it today for  lunch. Most people were sitting on the bar side but I wanted to sit at a table. It's decorated with album covers moatly signed from the 70'sand 80's time period.
They have a variety of foods, I tried the Chicken Italiano sandwich which was sauteed garlic, spinach, red peppers, chicken and provolone cheese and it comes with side salad or fries. I decided to get salad. Free refills on Diet coke. Waitress was very nice and attentive. I  will come back in the near future.
A nice standby in queen Village. A great selection of beer on tap and also have televisions to show sporting events. A friendly bar staff, makes sitting at the bar enjoyable. I found the menu offerings to be somewhat lacking. Although I did enjoy the chicken fingers that I had.
I ventured out to this rather small venue on the corner of 3rd and Catherine.  I was pleasantly surprised after trying the fish taco for an appetizer.  My friend had the hummus with pita bread which she said was good.  Price was very reasonable as well.  However, when we asked for change with two $20 bills, the waitress came back with only one $20 bill as change.  We laughed it off since we were expecting at least $10, $5, and a couple of $1's.  So, be sure to explain to the waitress what "need some change back" means.
Located across from Dimitri's on 3rd Street, New Wave used to known as the bar you go to while you waited for your table across the street.  Now, with a new chef, the food is outstanding.  It looks like a no-frills bar, but you'll be amazed by how good the food is.  The softshell crabs, when they are in season are great.  The burgers, mussels, wings and escargot are all recommended as well.
My friend has Celiacs disease and so we asked if the wings were completely gluten free. She said they were. WRONG, the next day my friend ( he ran long distance for a D1 program) has a 200 bpm heart rate and can't stop going to the bathroom. Great scene but I question the handling of food there.
Ventured here for a birthday dinner a few nights ago! It was my first visit in awhile, but everything I remember it to be! Pub atmosphere with good food, decent beer selection, pool table and lots of TVs in the bar area for the games! 

Service was fast despite a very busy night. I had the cheesesteak spring rolls which were delicious club sandwich, veggie burger, and chicken fingers were also on our table's tab and no one had any complaints! Love that you can get Tater tots in lieu of fries here, although that seems to be a growing trend!
Ok. So I've been here a few times. But today, myself and 17 friends showed up for brunch. And New Wave Cafe did such a great job. Firstly, they allowed for me to make a large party brunch reservation. Secondly, they let us be incredibly annoying and move their tables together however we wanted. Their service was friendly and accommodating. There were a few small things that could have been more efficient, but with a party of almost 20 people, that's to be expected. The food was good. The drinks were good. The coffees stayed full. They even let us get split checks (offered to split them!!!). And the owner personally thanked us for coming before we left. Thanks for taking such a difficult group for brunch and treating us kindly. I can't say I'd have been as welcoming to a group like us when I was a serving. 

A+
New Wave delivers everything I need from a neighborhood bar. It has good food, good beer selection, good service, it's close and open late. Want a burger at 1 am? Done. Want a six pack but don't want to schlep all the way to the foodery? Done. The food is good and the price is right. Of course I've only had the Texas burger and the Turkey sandwich but that's because they're so good I can't force myself to try something new.  This place is my go-to for takeout.
What this place has going for it is the outside seating for the local folks. Otherwise, the service and food are inconsistent, and disappointing. Had the chicken burrito the other night, and it was great. A few weeks ago I had the fish taco's and after one bite, I pushed it aside. They need to figure out how to make better french fries.. it's always over or under cooked. It's such a great location for us local folks.. but there is so much need for improvement.   They could be great, if they put some effort into it.
New Wave is my go-to bar. You'll find me here at least once a week (Monday Quizo), or playing pool, or when I don't feel like making dinner, or if I just drove around for 45 minutes looking for parking and need a drink. 

This bar has it all. Pool, darts, specials, happy hour, quizo, taco tuesday, great service and an awesome/diverse menu. I have been coming here regularly for about 4 years now...it takes a little while for the bartenders to get to know you but once you become a regular you're like family. They even have a set of my house keys incase I drunkenly lose mine..I love it.

They have a huge menu with lots of different options. I like practically everything on there plus they have several gluten free options that are actually good! My go to is either the short rib grilled cheese or the brisket sandwich (au jus and horseradish mayo included), pizzas, salads, whatever...everything is good. 

Drinks are affordable and they always have on all of the games. They even throw some great parties throughout the year to show appreciation for their customers. It's exactly what a neighborhood bar should be.
When I walked in, the wings smelled heavenly.  So when it came time to order, I had to try the wings, but when I got them, I was majorly disappointed.  They tasted kind of slimy and weren't crispy enough.  I also tried the chicken italiano sandwich, which was pretty good... it was served with broccoli rabe, roasted garlic, sharp provolone on a long roll.  The fries that came with it also weren't crispy enough, and and a thick coat of grease on them.  Perhaps their fryer wasn't working that evening.  

I do however like the ambience of the place and the service was pretty good so I think I'll be back and perhaps give the food another try.
Fantastic little brunch place... best crunchy bacon I've had in Philly, no lie. Outdoor seating great for the summer. Went back for drinks later that night and it takes on a very chill vibe at the bar.  Great for a beer and to watch a game.
I stopped here with some fellow Yelpers after the event at Cavanaugh's. The bartenders are very no-nonsense and I'm totally down with that. I paid six dollars for a Dogfish pumpkin ale, but that's all I really had here. From what I saw, there is only one bathroom for the ladies, but there was almost never a line. Win! I also really like the location -- right on 3rd and Catharine.
A true 'hood bar with a solid menu, good beers on tap, and a great "real" staff. Nice mixed crowd, unpretentious and fun. Always lots of regulars but fine for others as well.
For the most part the food is good and so is the service, but they must have 10 different chefs, because the food is very in consistent!
Had a large party of ten and the service was OK.. A few things took longer than they should have. Food was alright but not worth the wait.  Def like the place to go there again. Have to try something other than the egg Benedict. The menu looked really good.
New Wave Cafe,  where fun goes to die.... It's a nice stand by place.  I will go back but am never enthusiastic about it.... I just happen to live about 2 blocks away.  They do have good beers on tap.  It always seems too crowded for its own good.  

As of May 4th, they will have been in biz for 25 yrs... They must be doing something right.  I guess I liken it too much to a sad sack.

That said, they do have great long hots.  Their pizza is good some times. It gets better each minute after midnight -post night out.  Serving food til 2 is always a plus.

Outdoor seating is great for wknd brunches, if you don't mind waiting forever for subpar service.  

New Wave, your 3 stars are a gift that I can't quite figure out.
A good neighborhood spot in Queen Village to catch the game, have a drink, or grab a bite to eat.  There are about 10 tables outside to enjoy your meal sidewalk style as well.  I really enjoyed this place when I first moved to the area but have taken to walking a bit further to enjoy Royal Tavern.

The past couple of times that I've been to New Wave and sat in the dining area inside its been unbelievably loud.  I mean, can't hear the person beside you due to the people three tables away, loud.  I'm all for loud bars and having a good time but when my tastebuds are sidetracked due to this there's a problem.  

The last time I was in they had a soft shell crab sandwich which was great, but needed a little more zip from a remoulade or something similar.  The fish tacos I had here once were not that great however.  The wings are pretty good, the hummus plate is massive, the calamari is fine, and the sandwiches are filling and always pretty good.  

Again, a good neighborhood spot  with an attractive beer list and pretty good service.
I find this bar needlessly expensive. I like to go here because it's in my neighborhood and the pool table is rarely crowded -- probably because it's $1.25 a game (it's 5 games for $5 if you can skip a fiver in but the table is never working ). 

The food is hit or miss, but normally decent for what it is: bar fare. The menu is pretty good but for the fact that everything comes with fries but if you want tater tots it's an additional $2 (despite the fact that an actual side of tots is only $1 more than fries on the menu???). 

Tonight I was there to shoot pool when a group of parents showed up with three 11 year-olds running the pool table. Fun stuff. 

Idk. Be a bar. Or seat families in the dining room. It's not actually a cafe. Just my opinion.
A decent joint for food, I am sure the experience may or may not be enhanced if you stay for a drink. We just got take out on a Wednesday afternoon - a burger and a salad for lunch while we were working at a house in the neighborhood.

Now, maybe it was a poor choice to get a salad from a bar - at lunch - as takeout - but I don't seriously regret my choice. It was a Cobb that had thick pieces of bacon, chunks of blue cheese and a decent amount of grilled chicken. Veggies were fresh enough - got to love that chunky iceberg lettuce! Nothing too special, and didn't particularly love the blue cheese dressing I requested to go with it.

Coworker got the burger with bacon and cheddar and said he enjoyed it. He did remark, however, that while we requested it be cooked medium, it was well done, if not slightly charred.

The service over the phone was polite, a bit cooler in person, but I paid our bill and tipped a bit and headed out of there with a to go cup of Coke (with no lid!) 

Hit the restroom while I was there, which, for what appeared to be a kind of divey place, was pretty clean and in good shape.

Wouldn't say we'd be back here for lunch again, but I would stop by for a drink and an app to see what that's like!
I get scared to eat by myself sometimes and it took some courage to come here alone but luckily the booze prices were so good it didn't matter!! Dive bar vibes inside, but a little more restauranty outside. The sweet potato fries were great!
My wife and I came in here tonight for dinner and where wonderfully surprised. The menu had great variety and we started with the hummus, definitely homemade with whole wheat pita bread. Then my wife got the veggie burger and I ordered the fish and chips. The veggie burger was awesome, and I really don't like veggie burgers. The fish and chips were great, had a nice thin batter and the taste was great. Our wonderful waitress Kyle was so friendly and such a great server. Thanks you for the awesome service. Great overall experience and will definitely come back again. 

Sincerely
The other night we ordered via uber eats. The food arrived cold and burnt and uber eats didn't care. THIS RESTAURANT CARES! we called to let them know especially because the food has always been good. THEY WENT ABOVE AND BEYOND  not only did they replace the food a gentleman drove it over to us PERSONALLY! I am sorry I didn't remember his name but he was awesome this was on sat 7/31/21 .we will keep coming because of such good customer service and  yummy food
Ask for Jess!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Wow!! We were supposed to have reservations at another restaurant close by but found that the hostess was rude and callous so we left and ended up here. We sat at a table and Jess was our waitress...holy personality!! I have never had so much fun with a server. She was attentive, friendly, and all around hilarious. We were wishing we could go out on the town with her!! 

Since we were SO defeated by our previous ordeal we immediately ordered some basic drinks...a margarita, which was great, albeit a little sweet for my taste (however it came with a freshly sliced lime that was nice and thick...important to me, as I like the fresh lime juice in my cocktail), and a rum and coke (my husband lives for captain and coke...embarrassing, I know.) we also ordered the brussels sprouts, grilled shrimp special (to die for!!), and crab mac to share. 

The drinks were on point. The food came out quickly, & tasted awesome...but Jess was the highlight of it all!! She was great at making sure we were never thirsty, and she made us feel like one of her own family. If you are looking for a great "experience," look no further. Come for the food, stay for the service. I have never had such a fun server!! 

Jess, if you are reading this...this is my husband's account, but we will be back!! 

Best - Bobby & Melinda
Sadly I have loved and been going to this bar for years, this past Tuesday at their 30th Birthday Party I was treated very badly by a co owner who works there. I was outside telling my friend a story being very animated. I was told that I was being too loud and I was not allowed back in. I said I had a tab opened and if I could not go back in that I could not pay. The co owner said not to worry about my tab, to just leave. A bar tender named Mary Anne slammed my credit card down and was rude to my friend saying "they don't fuck around" and actually charged my credit card without authorization. The rest of the staff has always been friendly and kind to me, but this night has completely changed my perspective of this place. I am putting in a dispute for the credit card transaction and never going there again.
Good place to watch a game. Usually full of friendly regulars. Food can be hit or miss, I think it depends on which chef is working that day. Fine beer selection. Darts/pool in the back. Kid friendly is you're just eating. Sidewalks seats available in good weather.
Loved this spot! They had nice outdoor seating that was heated and covered, and everything I ate was delicious. The brunch menu and lunch/dinner menu both have great options, which surprised me since I thought it was more of a bar than restaurant. The short rib grilled cheese was great, and the fries were to die for! Service was also great - they were fast, attentive, and super nice. This place really pleasantly surprised me, and I'll definitely come here again!
