this is not only my favorite indian restaurant, this is my favorite restaurant in all of phildelphia, hands down. i say that in part because it is the only restaurant that i have frequented on a regular basis over the past 13+ years. it's hard to put into words what i love about this place...but i shall try...

my first new delhi experience was october of 1995, yet it seems like just yesterday. i was a freshman at drexel, and a sophomore friend who was helping me with a film class project suggested we get some take-out while watching movies. he called in an order to new delhi and we trekked from powelton village thru penn's campus in the cold. i was bitter about having to walk so far to get our food, wondering why we couldn't get something closer, or better yet - delivery! after walking all the way back in the cold and then unwrapping the tightly sealed packages with nearly frost-bitten fingers, i pretty much would have been satisfied with anything. i wasn't satisfied. i was blown the eff away!

since that first experience (tho not my first indian endeavor, mind you), i have ordered off the menu a mere handful of times compared to the number of visits where i opted for the buffet. now, i am not one for buffets as i generally am weary of the vats of food sitting for long periods of time, however, just as the clientele at new delhi is constantly turning over, so does the food. in one short visit i have seen the naan replenished 3 times - that's a lot. the staff on the other hand? talk about low turnover rate...i gather this must be a family operation because i have seen the same men working there since '95.

and the food, oh the food! while the buffet items are typically not as spicy as ordering a la carte...i have been quite grateful for the pitcher of water left at the table on many an occasion. as i'm the type of eater who takes a bit of this, and then a bit of that, and often mixes flavors and sauces, i can never be sure which was hot and which was not, but who really cares? all are tasty, and that's what matters.

my favorite dishes are the malai kofta, gobi masala, palak paneer and [sorry, i don't know the exact indian name for it] the vegetable pakora in a lemon chickpea sauce...tho i have yet to have anything i disliked here. at least 2 of the above items are always on the buffet when i go in (typically on weekends) as well as naan, basmati rice, samosas and of course a few meat dishes...ya know, if that's your thing.

since the renovation about a year and a half ago, they have also been offering rice pudding (on the side, next to the salad bar), but you still get your choice of dessert as well as coffee or tea along with the buffet, which is already a steal at $9/lunch, $12/dinner. i'm a sucker for gulab jamun and kulfi, tho lately i have been filling up on my food and haven't had the room for it - sacrilege, i know! speaking of which, who else remembers when the front/waiting room housed a sweets counter? man, that was some good stuff...

what can i say? i have requested to be taken here by my bf on special occasions ... i have driven out of my way to come here when other options were closer/easier ... i have opted to see movies at the bridge over other theaters in order to dine at new delhi ... i have been eating here for nearly 14 years! clearly, i love this restaurant, and if you haven't tried it yet, well, what are you waiting for, a UYE? if so, you're in luck - check the events page! http://www.yelp.com/events/philadelphia-new-delhi-uye
Had lunch buffet with work bestie yesterday. The chicken tikka masala 5/5 and all buffet items were hot and fresh including the chicken biryani which was conspicuously missing currants and nuts 4/5. Thought the buffet items and wonderful naan were delicious, including vegetarian options (there were three or four), the vegetarian samosas were conspicuously absent! Very disappointed about that but the chai tea (included at lunch time) and rice pudding were delicious and great end to the meal.
I haven't ate here in 6 or 7 years and I was still craving spicy food, so I decided to GrubHub them. I ordered the samosas with meat and the garlic naan and the chicken tiki masala. I know, I know, no creativity in the ordering, but these are my favorites. 
In my last 2 reviews I complained about the spice level of the dishes I ordered. Well I ain't complaining no more! If you're like me, you love spicy food and New Delhi got something for you. They straightened me out quick fast and in a hurry. 
My delivery was prompt and still hot and all the necessary utensils, and sauces and even included a plate. 
The samosas were delicious, large and stuffed full of meat, the pastry wrap was crisp and tasty. I really liked the fresh spicy salsa on the side.  The garlic naan was toasted just right and after I slathered it with melted butter it was irresistible.
Now, back to the spice level, when I ordered the chicken tiki masala they offered many spice levels, mild, slightly spicy, moderate spicy, extra spicy to name a few. I chose spicy, which was just below extra spicy.  The dish was good, creamy and hearty chunks of white meat chicken and fresh veggies, the sauce was hot..... hotter than July as Stevie sang. I no longer crave spicy food, they put out my fire with a nuclear spice bomb!
 It left me wondering what extra spicy was like.......
It was so spicy, I was comatose for a couple of minutes, when my head cleared I began to feel the burn and the benefits of the spice. My nose, throat and sinus were cleared, my vision was a little sharper, I had to turn down the TV because it sounded too loud and the more I ate, the more heightened the experience got. 
I'm not saying this will happen to you, but I have always been a fan of spicy foods and the reactions I received. Whenever I need a fix, I know where to cop.
I have my reasons, for never having tried Indian food. The 2 words that would best describe it , are " Stubborness" and " Curry". My pickiness is legendary, and I credit Yelp with breaking alot of my culinary prejudices. Era, Han Dynasty, Zot and now New Delhi, have broadened my edible horizons. 

Of course in this case, I credit Blake, for forcing me to break my Indian food cherry. It was her Indian food UYE, where she called me out specifically, that introduced me to the world of Naan bread and Tandoori chicken. 

Vishnu must have really wanted me to eat Indian food. As it turned out, I had my kids on the night of the UYE and would have to miss the event. I had settled in, to a night of Funniest home videos and board games, disappointing both myself and others, who had wanted to see me get smacked down by ND's buffet. However, Karma was on my side and the class my wife takes on Wed was cut short. She showed up a little before 7,and I rushed to make it to ND on time for the event. 

Luckily, it was in a part of the city I knew well, as my therapist's office is across the street. This was ideal, in the possible scenario that the scary foreign food would make me need to get some mental help in a hurry, I would just need to crawl across the street. 

As it turned out, there was no need. Between the great company and tasty food, I was mentally set, for at least a week. New Delhi is a cozy little restraunt, with a delicious looking spread of Indian food. After communing with some Yelpers, old and new, Blake was kind enough to be my guide at the Buffet and thank Shiva for that! She explained what each thing was and made great suggestions. 

I tried a little of everything and deemed the Naan bread and Tandoori chicken my favorites. I would need another visit to get a better idea of some of the other entrees, and I'm sure it will happen in the near future. There was even a bar there, although I didn't partake...this time. 

We also had a blast with the desserts. Its amazing how much mileage a good "balls" joke will get, with a bunch of supposed adults. However I did not get the Balls dessert, no matter how much Aaron begged me. I tried the Pistachio ice cream, which had a name that sounded like coffee. As a matter of fact, I thought I was ordering coffee until they placed the dish of tan ice cream in front of me. My embarrassment turned to joy, as the frozen treat was awesome. 

Upon leaving, I felt like I had such a good experience, that I thought I would walk across the street and cancel all future therapy sessions. It was only when Aaron forced me to ride him piggyback across 41st street that I realized I actually needed to double the appointments...and I'm sure the homeless guy, and everyone else who witnessed it felt the same way.
After New Delhi being bookmarked for a year, I finally was able to try it three days after the Penn moveout so I wasn't surprised when I walked in and I was the only one there at 11:40. Before long the place was filled with 20 others. 
You have your choice of ordering off the menu, which was a substantial one. Or doing the buffet which is what I chose. 

The first thing I noticed was the decor is really beautiful in its simplicity. All tables were nicely set with placemats atop tables With tablecloths. Nice!!!
The flatware and glassware were nice. And so was the entire pitcher of water placed on my table. So nice I never once felt like I was in a buffet setting. 

The decorative woods were medium wood tones and the seating was comfortable. The tops of the walls were nicely mirrored. The dining area was clean and sparkling. The buffet table for entrées is set about a third of the way into the restaurant with the vegetable and salad table behind it on a wall. There is plenty of room to move around. The buffet is tidy and clean at all times and it was always filled. The entire hour I was there I never once saw anything that looked like it needed to be refilled because they were right on top of it.
 The food selections were fabulous, all the usual suspects in an Indian Food lineup. 
The food items seemed to be a higher quality than what I am used to at buffets. 

Something different that I hadn't seen elsewhere was a very tall urn of tea where you could get your tea in a 
"to go" cup with a lid which is what I did and I am sure many others do as well. After filing yourself at the buffet and vegetable table you may not want your cup of tea right away. Being able to take it with you carries the New Delhi experience with you to enjoy later in the day. For me it was when I got home and sat down. It was still warm in the cup. As I drank it my pleasant New Delhi dining experience returned for a while.
The good food, plates that were cleared without me even noticing, and the gentle  music playing overhead at a relaxing volume made my experience at New Delhi very warm and pleasurable.
Not once did I feel rushed.

I'm sure this is mobbed when school is in session but on this cold rainy spring Saturday it was a nice mix of local families, A couple of singles my age and a few grad students. 
This place was so relaxing that two of the families with babies were able to enjoy themselves. Another family-A mom and her son really had a good time too. The son who was about eight or nine really enjoyed the freedom of being able to go up and get his dessert a few times while Mom was able to savor her meal in peace. 

What a pleasurable experience this was and I plan on coming back often.
I'm going to start this review with a confession - I'm a snob when it comes to restaurants that have a buffet format. That is, I avoid them. Past (limited) experience has indicated that when a restaurant has a buffet, especially with all-you-can-eat pricing, the quality of the individual dishes is less than it would otherwise be.
But in quarantine world, there's no self-serve buffets at restaurants anymore (I honestly wonder if they'll come back even after stay-at-home orders are lifted), so 16 years after I first heard of the New Delhi restaurant, I decided to finally give it a chance for takeout. Not sure what the usual experience here would be like, but after one meal both my partner and I have quickly added this to our go-to list of great restaurants in University City/West Philadelphia. The service was very cordial, and the prices were incredible for the quality and portion sizes.
I got the Navratan korma at medium spiciness, and the delicious, creamy curry sauce that bathed the vegetables was hot heaven. My partner's option was the vegan alu mutter (peas & potatoes cooked in a curry sauce), and he got it at medium plus spiciness, and he was really happy with his choice too. We also got an order of vegetable samosas to share, and those were pretty great too. 
Glad we gave New Delhi a chance, and plan to go again (for non-buffet meals of course). Next time I'll probably get a vegan option, because the one problem for me with my entree was it was a little too rich (we both had enough leftovers to contribute to two other entire dinners).
This is a popular destination in University City, mostly for students -of course, and Indian food lovers. New Delhi serves decent lunch & dinner buffet that's sure to please. 
- Open Tuesday- Sunday. Closed on Monday.
- Your choice of buffet or a la carte for very reasonable prices. I'm not a buffet-person, but to be fair, I've tried the buffet and it's pretty good. It's loaded with both vegetarian and meat appetizers & entrees options.
- Couple of my favorites are: Vegetable Samosa and Chicken Biryani.
- Lunch Buffet: $9.95 (11:30am -4:00pm).
- Dinner Buffet: $12.95 (4:00pm-9:30pm).
- Clean and spacious.
 
Four Yelps.
The food here was very good, it had a great mix of vegetarian and meat options. It's also super kid friendly, the baby to adult ratio at 7 pm on Sunday was pretty high and the staff didn't seem to mind cleaning up the spilled rice all over the floor.

Highly recommend.
mmm. Indian food. Mouth watering right now. Do they sprinkle crack in the channa masala? Maybe it's the ghee.

New Dehli is the 'classy' buffet of West Philly. The quality of food is great. The service is pretty gosh darn good. You get a choice of desserts (horray for barfi!)

they did raise thier prices after they reopened but the place really is nice inside now. it was a tad skeevy before.

my one and only issue. NO DELIVERY TO 47TH?? But they deliver to Fairmount?? huh?
oh well, just forces me to get off the couch and make my way down there.

*students get 10% off, so it makes it a lil cheaper*
************edit***********
Got an email from them telling me they now deliver to 48th! Whoo hoo!
I have a million little rules for myself. They all come with exceptions, of course. For instance, I'm not really a buffet person, not how I do... but I do get down with an Indian buffet. Here's why: I like a lotta little of this, a little of thats, and if you go crazy a-la-carte ordering up that mutha, you can easily drop some ridiculous money on your variety of vegetable dishes. Oh and that I have done, in my time, at various Indian restaurants... Annnd so, the ole gal likes an Indian buffet, and New Delhi fits the bill. It's $8.95 for lunch and I'm sampling up a storm. 

What truly makes New Delhi stand out to me from other Indian buffets about are these two things: Their service is always very friendly and efficient, and they have ice cream as part of the deally, at the end of the meal, if you so wish. I do so wish. Their mango ice cream is dope, as is the cool and creamy kulfi. On the occasions that my husband and I make animals of ourselves at New Delhi, I order the (pistachio, cardamom and rosewater infused?) kulfi and he the mango, so both of us can get some tastes. Double dope.

As with most buffet situations, the assorted dishes tend way towards the mild for the masses. Ayyye understand... Though I would love a lot more heat and spice, I will say that while delicately spiced, the options are not awfully bland. In general. 

I happen to enjoy New Delhi's bhindi masala and I'm not even always an okra person. See? Another exception to my inconsistent rules!
Considering I did my last review just before they started renovating, and those renovations have been done for close to two years now, it seems like as good a time as any to update. But since chances are you'll be partying here next week (http://www.yelp.com/events/philadelphia-new-delhi-uye), revisiting New Delhi just happens to be an extra special occasion

The renovations that I previously mentioned have since helped to give it a more modern feel, and the wooden decor is fantastic. They still manage to maintain just a little bit of the old Indian artwork though, and it still adds onto the ambiance. The service never misses a beat and is always on top of filling everything to your hearts contents.

To be honest I've never much bothered with the menu beyond the buffet. But with it being $8.95 for lunch, and $11.95 for dinner it is an awfully hard thing to resist. especially since it's the most consistent buffet offering that I've ever experienced. full chunks of lamb simmered in Vindaloo sauce, alongside full legs of chicken simmered in exotic spices. Palak Paneer alongside spicy Channa Masala. These are a few of my favorite things! as for drinks it pretty hard to go wrong with their fresh mango juice, But they also have a fine assortment of Lassi yogurt drinks. Of course you could also go for an Indian beer like Kingfisher. or a bottle of Indian Wine!

Toss in the fact that they accept student discounts and it's awesome. throw in the free dessert that comes with the buffet and it's a winner. add in the drink specials every Wednesday night and it goes even further. The Rocky intro on the website makes me smile!
First all, I had ordered a mango lassi before I started the buffet. it tasted sweeter than usual and I couldn't find the yogurt taste at all..it's like a mango smoothie that you can find anywhere else...disappointed.
Second all, I don't understand how people find the chicken "good", I tried both and they were dried like my grandmother's feet.
There are only 20ish items, so I got to tried all of them...none of them were actually spicy, not even a little bit, the only thing that I would call spicy is the fresh chili pepper in the salad bar.
I liked the lamb with the curry one but there's 80% of bone so I didn't actually get to eat the lamb itself, just had the lamb flavored juice over the rice tasted .
The dessert is also limited I can name them all: rice pudding, canned fruit, chocolate saucing and a strange tasting donut ball( like a used soggy sponge soaked into caramel oil)
Nothing exciting about this buffet, I just want to give it a "meh".
If you don't eat spicy at all though you might actually love it, but I need my Indian cuisine spicy. That's the whole point of eating it.
Fave Indian restaurant in University City.  I've picked-up and had delivery more than I can count, and they are consistently quick with delivery and better than average on food quality.

A few of my faves:
 - Vegetable Samosas - these are super stuffed.  The ratio of filling to fried outer layer is superior to any samosas I've had from any other Indian joint in the area. 
 - Palak Paneer - spinach and cheese.  My most favorite Indian dish.  This dish got better since the first time I've had it from New Delhi.  I've noticed it to be less oily even at it's most spicy level (which is how I get it).  I thought that the oil contributed to the level of spice, but when I ordered this a couple of weeks ago it seemed to be spicy as hell but not to oily.  YUM!
 - Channa Saag - If you want the above but can't do the dairy, get this!  It's the same spinach as the above except they use chickpeas instead of cheese.
 - Chicken Curry - This is the bf's Indian food choice. ALWAYS. They don't skimp on the chicken and the sauce is awesome.
 - Plain or Garlic Naan - always need either of these to supplement the above. 
**Entrees come with their basmati rice which I LOOOOOVE!! 

They lose a star for the following reasons:
Their lamb can be a hit or miss. I've noticed some pieces to be more tender than others when ordering the Lamb Jal Farezi
Had the Chicken Vindaloo recently and the chicken was straight up dry.
Buffet - I don't find the food to be as fresh as when we get it to-go/delivered.

Prices are beyond reasonable for the amount of food you get.
They also have weekend discounts if you sign up for their email.  Deals are usually for 15% off for delivery or dine-in.
Ordering online is incredibly organized and convenient.  You can pick delivery for asap or for a later time, and pick your spice level for each dish.
I really love New Delhi. I've only been here twice, but both times were wonderfully pleasant. The first happened to be a New Years dinner, so it was of course delightfully priced for New Years Eve, and an exotic option.

Most recently I came her for a work luncheon, though, and though 8 people isn't a big group, they really stayed on top of us.

The buffet offers a lackluster salad bar, but interesting salad types to top your lettuce, and also good dressings. I find that whatever that tangy green sauce is that is pretending to look like pesto makes a blah combo of onion, cucumber and lettuce suddenly feel classy. I'm not too picky. Also, just as Vichet O. suggests, I eat a salad before I move on to the hot bar to help control my massive food intake of delicious delciousness and calories galore. Trust me, you'll feel better afterward.

The hot buffet features some less adventurous options like wings, but also paneer varieties, meats and vegetables, and of course rice and a naan. I love love LOVE the vindaloo lamb and the chicken tikka masala. BUT I ALSO LOVE THE CHICKPEA THING! Oh, chickpea thing... you are so so good with naan. I don't know what the fried vegetable paneer like thing is called, but it is also good combined with green indian looks-like-pesto.

As for desserts, names are things like Barfi, Kulfi, and Gulab Jamun... all I know is that one is an Indian Cheesecake, another is Pistachio ice cream? and Gulab Jamun is amazing milk balls drenched in a thinned honey. I only ever get the Gulab Jamun because I know I love it oh so much. When I went with my co-workers, they all opted for it as first timers, and their only regret was that there wasn't more!

Dessert and coffee/ tea comes with the buffet, and I think there may be soups and rice pudding on the evening buffet, which is 11.95. Lunch is 8.95.

There is always PLENTY of staff, especially at night.

They have some Indian import beers and also a drink list, with a happy hour 4-7 of $1 off the bar.
I mean really, seriously, this is the best Indian food Penn has to offer!? 

We are from Chicago and were very excited to see so many Indian food restaurants around Philly. Just before an MBA session at Wharton, we looked up Yelp and of course went with the recommendation to have the lunch buffet at New Delhi.

We're vegetarians and maybe the meat dishes is what earned them super-star Yelp reviews. At our buffet they had:

- daal makhni - too watery and impossible to eat with naan
- chana masala - also watered down 
- kofta - tasted nothing like actual malai kofta (I'm a New Delhiite)
- navratan korma - there were no Indian vegetables in it, rather mostly zucchini
- naan - that was fine
- rice
- samosa - decent
- bhajia - okay

Honestly, the food was bland and tasteless for the most part. I was really hoping something better from a restaurant named after my birthplace and hometown! 

The one thing I did really like is that you could order any dessert from their menu and it was included in the buffet - that worked really well for me because kheer was the dessert out as part of the buffet but I was able to get gulabjamun instead!
I've loved this place for years.  I've been here for dinner, as well as buffet.  New Delhi has been in this city a long time (I think at least 20 years) and the owner is a very friendly man who seems to be very tied to Philly and especially to this neighborhood.  He seems to take special care in making sure that the restaurant looks beautiful, the food is clean and tasty, and that customers are happy.  The restaurant just underwent some major renovations and looks great!  I'm not sure if this has increased their business because it seems as busy as it's always been.  The buffet is great (try the lamb korma), the naan is perfect, and the dessert is yummy.  They also have Indian beers.
The food is not the best Indian food in Philly, but it's always solid, and never disappoints. It varies very little from visit to visit, I've never gone home disappointed. Their buffets are pretty great deals at $8 and $12 for lunch and dinner respectively, I don't think I've ever ordered a la carte.

As for the buffet, it's refreshed often, everything is always hot and fresh, and as stated, the quality varies little from visit to visit. It's also a nice touch that they include a dessert; I always get the kulfi, which is rich but the tiny portion is just the right amount of sweet for the end of a meal.

The waiters are, I think, mostly used to the buffet crowd, so they're either too present at refilling your water or hovering over your plate to take it away, or they're totally absent and it's nearly impossible to flag one down when you want to pay. Still, since you're mostly left to your own devices, which is nice, and this is always a good standby when in West Philly.
Great Indian restaurant, especially for their buffet, which is what I got. There is plenty of seating, and the staff here enforce COVID precautions by ensuring all customers stay masked except when seated, so that includes wearing the mask when getting  food at the buffet station, and hand sanitizers located throughout. I love that there is an equal assortment of vegetarian and non-vegetarian food, delicious samosa, salad bar, and dessert options including chai! The value is very much worth it, coming out to $18/person for dinner. Students also get a discount
Two words: Chicken Tikka. I'm pretty sure the daily buffet always includes this staple, because it's always been there on my trips. In addition to the tikka, I love that you can start your meal with a base of always fresh vegetables: romaine lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, and more. After I fill my plate with vegetables, I don't feel so bad covering them with the creamy items from the buffet and finishing it off with a side of raita and a piece of naan (or two). I'm usually too stuffed after one plate to go back for seconds, but there is always room for dessert. I stick with the gulab jamun, aka honey cake balls. They've also recently updated their decor, so there are no more work-inappropriate paintings and now the room is filled with sunlight from the large plate glass wall at the front of the restaurant. 

I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good Indian buffet in the city. Lunch buffet runs about $11 with tax and tip, dinner is few bucks more. This place is great for groups as they can accommodate just about any party size.
I generally have a policy when it comes to Indian food from buffets: never order it for delivery. The reason is that it often costs way more than just walking over and eating there. But every now and again, you really want Indian food, and you're stuck in the office. If that happens, I suggest you order from New Delhi using Campusfood.com. Here's a review of a delivery order.

We were stuck working late, and so we put in an order for: some naan, some garlic naan, the vegetables malai kofta, and the paneer makhni. The latter two came with rice. 

A note of caution: if you order online, you can select your heat level. I generally like my food really hot, but I was persuaded to go with the "medium" level, which was like 4 down from the top level! I'm kind of glad I was. It was pretty hot, probably around the hottest level at other places, and I hear that the hottest level here is inedible. I might go to "medium plus" next time. 

My favorite was the paneer makhni--"cheese cubes cooked in tomato sauce with butter." It was freaking delicious, with a creamy red sauce and perfectly textured cheese cubes. The vegetable malai kofta was extremely similar, but it had fried veggie dumpling-ish things in it.  Of course, the naan was good. 

Everything arrived right at the promised time, and the driver was pleasant. All in all, the tab was $32 with fees and tip, not too bad for dinner.
It's okay, but I've experienced better. 

I'm one to enjoy the AYCE Indian buffet every now and then, and the main draw to this place compared to two similar establishments in the area was the large seating availability and nicer interior. However, I'm feeling a little duped by New Delhi because of its large mark up for the weekend that wasn't clear to us (which to be fair, is partially our fault for not checking exactly how much the mark up is). I understand that weekend lunches are more expensive than weekdays, but with tax + tip, we didn't anticipate it to be basically almost twice as expensive at almost $18 for lunch.

Our group of friends often considered it for Sunday lunches among our other regulars when we have a large group, but now this place is definitely out of the picture on our list now. Especially as we've been nearing our late 20s vs our early 20s, it's just not worth it even for buffet style. 

However, food is good overall, so if you're rather hungry on a weekend lunch and you are eligible for the 15% off student discount, I'd say it's worth visiting!
I still can't get over how nasty Indian food looks and I feel like I have some weird fetish when I eat it - yep, totally went there.

Amongst the many Indian restaurants in the city, New Delhi has to be by far the best when it comes to price, quality and quantity.  Not only is the buffet about $10 per person, but show your student ID and you get 10% off.  As cheap as it sounds, we've never ordered off of the menu because everything on the buffet's awesome.

The service is top notch - it's like being at a 5-star restaurant in the city.  If you're done with your plate, it's gone in a minute and if you need a refill, it magically appears.  Perfect.

I strongly suggest that anyone who hasn't tried Indian food before should stop here first, close your eyes, and try it all.  We brought my dad there a few months ago and he literally tried it all and loved it.

Keep up the good work New Delhi.
This place is delicious and very easy on the wallet - just around 10 bucks. It's a buffet so load up!

All their food is fresh and hot. I've never come across anything that looks like it's been sitting out for more than 20 minutes. 

My fave things so far have been the chicken tikka masala, lamb curry and the one with the cheese and green sauce (I can't remember the name). 

They also have a $2 beer special every day too so essentially you have an all you can eat experience and a couple of beers for under $20. I'm already thinking about my next visit :-P.
Not the best India food I have eaten, service was not that great eighter, I say is like eating a burger from Burger kings, crappy meat and expense with is no bueno.  I had a high expectation of this restaurant after one of my friends told me it was the best India food that he has eaten in Philly.

The offer a buffet as most the Indian restaurant I have been before, they also have a selection of India dishes, for me, I went for the garlic naan and went I order it, the server gives me some attitude I don't know why... and India shrimp biryani medium. 
For my surprise the biryani was not at all good and not spicy, I normally order my Indian food Medium because I like to feel it a bit spicy on it. But this one didn't have any spicy, the shrimp was not that much and rice dint had any taste at all. 

 My friends had some food from the buffet that with the look, was better, but I cannot confirm or deny this because I didn't eat it.
(+10) DELIVERY (side note -- not out to East Falls .... super sad)

They are NOT joking when they ask you the spice level you want. Medium means your nose is running and your mouth will burn a little. 
The food is **amazing.** I am so psyched I finally found an Indian food restaurant in Philly that I'm in love with.

We ordered online, but had to pick it up.  The restaurant smelled absolutely incredible. If Indian food was easy to eat in the car, trust me, it would have been gone before we got home. 

A+ Chicken Curry and Naan.  

PS - Please expand your delivery radius to East Falls.  PLEASE.
Since I can never remember the names of the different Indian dishes, I'm just going to have to say that I thought all of the food included on the dinner buffet was just okay.  Although this was my first Indian buffet, I thought the actual dishes I have ordered at other Indian restaurants have been better.  Nothing I got was memorable, and I didn't love anything so much that I had to go back for seconds.  Also, I thought it was weird that two of the large chafing dishes included on the buffet were filled with plain fried chicken wings.  It seemed like a cheap way for them to make people feel like they had more choices.

I did really like the desserts, which came with the buffet.  In fact, I liked them enough to actually look them up on the website!  The kulfi (Indian ice cream enriched with nuts and flavored with rose water) was delish, and the gulab jamun (home-made milk-balls dipped in honey syrup) was also really good.

I'd go back to New Delhi, but I'd certainly welcome suggestions about what to order; the buffet just didn't do anything for me.
My favorite Indian buffet.

I love their chicken tiki masala, biryani chicken, curry potatoes/cauliflower, and stewed vegetables. Their Naan is also very good.

Their samosas are included in the buffet price which is nice. Downside, I prefer my fried samosas screeching hot from the frier, and you won't get that at the buffet.

Desserts are no longer included in the buffet. They used to be, but that changed a few years ago.
Just stopped in for the first time.  The wife and I enjoyed the lunch buffet.  We have visited many Indian restaurants and this one was just fine.  The buffet choices were standard and well cooked.  This place has a full bar and it was nice to have a beer with some of the spicy choices.

The front of the restaurant opens wide to five tables for two sitting on the sidewalk.  This made for a very noisy experience even inside.  It didn't help that during our stay several buses stopped directly in front of the restaurant.  

I'm going for three stars because the food is fine but there are lots of other Indian restaurants out there.  I wouldn't go out of my way for this one.
Indians. They're sneaky. They offer you a restaurant with delicious food that includes a buffet option; then to make sure you don't eat them out of house and home, they put mirrors all over the place to hopefully shame you into not stuffing your fat face. I of course am Indian and have no shame so I had more food than it should be physically possible to get inside of me.

The buffet option was a little more than $10.00 and once you include tip, it's closer to $14.00. This would be fine if there was more of a selection. This is possibly the first Indian buffet restaurant that had only something like 10-12 items to choose from. Yes, I consider that limited. Aside from that I have to say that what they do have is pretty delightful. I can't remember the last time I had vegetable samosas but I ate it with gusto. The lamb curry is less lamb and more curry. The vegetable korma is fantastic. The chicken wings are unbelievable in their perfect blend of Indian and American unhealthiness. The naan seems to never run out so load up on that and the chicken tikka masala and you're set. Quality is emphasized at this place and I really appreciate that.

Staff is meh. I've been told good things about them by friends and some of the reviews also mention it but I find them be rather aloof in their mannerisms. However, one cannot deny that they are courteous in speech and very professional. 

The (piddling) dessert offering at the end is a giant tease, because the mango ice cream is actually really good and does nothing more than annoy you because you want more.
It is with absolutely no reservations that I give New Delhi a five star "as good as it gets" rating. The place is phenomenal.

The best way to enjoy 'ND', as my girlfriend and I have come to call it, is through the buffet, available at both lunch and dinner. The spread is as varied as it is delicious, with naan, samosas (most days), chicken tandoori, abundant vegetarian options and, my enduring favorite, chicken tikka masala. Although the buffet lasts all day, I have always found the food to be consistently fresh and well stocked. Why anyone would order a la carte in the face of this majestic buffet beauty is a mystery to this reviewer.

The service is prompt and attentive. The decor is pleasantly and not overly dark, allowing a peaceful, semi-private nosh. And the price? Unbeatable.

The icing on the cake with New Delhi is the dessert included with the buffet. Take the opportunity to try some delicious authentic desserts (such as the tasty kulfi) or revert to easy, well known crowd favorites such as chocolate ice cream. It's all excellent.

In short, New Delhi offers delicious & abundant food, attentive service, a pleasing environment and an inexpensive bill. What more could one ask for in a restaurant?
I'm a big fan of New Delhi. Between me and my roommate, we probably order from here at least once a week via Grubhub. I have yet to eat in person or try the buffet, but am excited to do so when we are able to.

We always get the naan and either a Chicken Tikka masala, Mattar Paneer, or Malai kofta. We also love to get a side of the Tamarind Chutney (which is reasonably priced and lasts us a few weeks). I prefer the Mattar Paneer to the Malai Kofta, but they are all good options. 

The thing to look out for the most is the spice level. There have been a few times I've gone up to "Medium" since I pride myself on loving spice (and I'm Indian), but dang is Medium spicy. I always need to remind myself to stick to Mild or Mild+ for my orders going forward.

On the off chance that I have to call the restaurant to make a modification or ask a question, the staff is also generally helpful. My biggest testament to how solid of an option New Delhi is for Indian takeout is that my SO (who used to live in University City near the restaurant 5 years ago and ate there all the time), still enjoys that we order from them today even now that we are in Center City.
The crew and I would usually frequent another location in the area. Due to an extensive wait, and not much time to waste we searched for another Indian Buffet in the area, and that brought us to New Delhi.  We visited this place a couple of more times and each experience was different Pretty good once, and just okay another so I had to take a star away based on consistency. The Buffet at New Delhi was a little more extensive than our usual establishment but what he has in quantity does not equate to quality as the food is not always the best.

In my opinion, New Delhi  does not rank as one of my favorite Indian establishments ever, not even one of my favorites in Philadelphia but it cures my fix in a pinch, and doesn't come with a hefty price tag for lunch like some establishments.
I've been eating here sporadically for several years and after my last dinner at New Delhi, I wondered why I even bother. Since I have never ordered from the regular menu, perhaps those selections are better and more authentic. Don't get me wrong. The food is not bad in any way and for the gluttons, gorgers and bargain hunters, the $16 all you can eat buffet is probably immensely pleasing. 

A friend in our circle passed away a year ago. To commemorate the anniversary of his death, 6 of us met here for dinner. David, our late buddy, was a strict vegetarian who lived on a shoestring budget. This was his favorite place to eat. He would come here for a buffet meal, go back 4 or 5 times, then sit like a log, trying to digest all he ate. Rest in peace, David. We miss you.

The all you can eat buffet has a varied selection of Indian standards-vegetable samosas, various chutneys, a build your own chaat section, salad items, chicken tikka masala, flaming red 'tandoori' chicken, plain naan, dal, chicken biryani, raita and so on. To me, the dishes all taste vaguely similar and are often just barely lukewarm. The naan tends to be dry, the vegetable samosas are filled with potatoes and nothing else and the chutneys are on the sweeter end of the spectrum. The buffet dishes are quite low on both the spice and heat.

On the plus side, the restaurant is clean, the servers are polite, the buffet area is spotless, the items are replenished frequently and there are alcoholic drinks and drink specials. Waiters always ask before removing your plates and if you are someone who avails themselves to multiple buffet refills, you are always able to start with another clean plate and new cutlery. The noise level can get a bit high, but this is more of a place where you'd dine alone on the fly or with a group rather than go to on a special or first date. 

This place is probably nirvana for students on a budget and people watching their pennies but it's certainly not the pinnacle of astounding or even very good Indian food for culinary thrill seekers.  If you have a big appetite and a small wallet, this is the place for you. If you're a fussy gay boy with a fickle, finicky palate like me, eat elsewhere.
I am a cook for indian and Pakistani food. I lived whole life in sub continent, food quality is highly compromised in buffet system, goat curry has bad smell , chicken wings were not clean, quality of food is 2/10. So if you really want to go for indian food, then don't go to this place. NOT RECOMMENDED.
The food speaks for itself, when I can't remember a single memory of our dinner experience. Flashes of oily orange curries and red masalas, slops of white rice, and more oil come to mind. Generic Indian food for a busy college crowd and not much else--but did I mention oily?
We ordered takeout from New Delhi on a Sunday night - a few others turned us down because it was 30 minutes before closing, but New Delhi took us with no issues. 

Things to get -
+ Saag paneer - really good consistency and lots of paneer. I've had it from other Indian places in university city, and it's always off, and by off, I mean usually a little too liquid. This one is perfection 
+ Paneer tikka masala - really good, but warning, also veryyy creamy and heavy. But if that's what you're going for, this is your dish 
+ Onion Kulcha - one of my favorite takes on this naan to date. They don't have big clumps of onions in it. The onions are a lot more subtle and the naan smells (tastes too, but smell it before you devour it) fantastic! 
+Green chutney on the side - a sweet and sour chutney that goes great with the food 

Warning: 
 - If you order "spicy", which I always do when I order from Indian spots bc it's usually pretty mild without it, BEWARE. New Delhi takes their spices extremely seriously, and the food we ordered, was incredibly hot. We will not be ordering spicy again. And you shouldn't either unless you can handle a ton of spice! 

We will be back!
I admit, I have been avoiding reviewing New Delhi because I almost feel like there's nothing to say! I have been going here loyally since 2001 and I enjoy it every_single_time. Reviewing at this point just feels like "duh!"

But here I go: If 8 years of patronage doesn't say something, then I will tell you that the buffet is reasonably priced, tea/coffee and dessert with the buffet purchase is a wonderful addition, and the food is always soooooo good. This is one of those places that I crave regularly. My favorite dishes are whatever the yellow vegetable balls are called, the peas/cheese cubes dish, and the aloo gobi. And the dal. And the chickpeas. All of it! The naan is always fresh and warm, and the tarmarind chutney cannot be matched.

I recently discovered that they have Kheer (rice pudding) on the dinner buffet. Did they always and I never noticed? Is it there during lunch too? Or is this a new thing? Either way, I can't wait to go back. Tomorrow, perhaps. 

Oh, and the plate clearing and water refilling service is always excellent and timely.
For awhile after the original Minar Palace closed, New Delhi was my main source for Indian food. Don't get me wrong, it's perfectly fine, but I am very glad that Tiffin, Ekta and Minar Palace 2.0 exist now.
I've been here a gazillion times but only once recently.  My dining companion and I went here before becoming movie companions at the bridge down the street.  I went for the buffet option and it was really yummy.  I really like their Naan long time.  I didn't notice any Korma (my favorite curry dish) on buffet, but I did have some yummy lentils and other things.  

I did ask for seltzer water and got still that sucked.
Everything here is delicious.  They have a variety of vegetarian and meat dishes to make everyone happy.  The waiters are very attentive and are quick to bring you anything you need.  One of my favorite Indian buffets in the city.
I still love this place, but I do have a gripe. I ate here on Thursday, and got to the lunch buffet at about 2:30. They had run out of bandh gobi (curry cabbage), which is actually my favorite vegetable there. I waited and waited, but they never replenished it.  I was NOT happy about that because I don't feel like I got my money's worth. A buffet should continue to replace empty trays until the buffet is over or charge less.
I have (mostly) nothing but good things to say about this Indian restaurant in University City. I always find myself craving the same dish from New Delhi: Paneer Masala. It is perfectly orange and spicy, and the flavors are on point. Even though it is a little pricey for the amount you get, I still think it's worth it for when I'm craving a little taste of home while at school.

The buffet is also great for dinner. Though the selection of vegetarian items isn't as extensive as the meat-based options, there still are some gems (though the paneer based dishes are always my favorite). The naan is usually really soft and tasty as well, and I definitely find myself eating tons and tons of naan during the buffet (so watch out carb-avoiders!) 

The only negative I'd say is the delivery service can sometimes be a bit slow. My friends and I order from New Delhi about once every two months or so, and usually it takes at LEAST an hour for the food to arrive (even though the distance between New Delhi and where we order from is so, SO small). 

Another warning-- the food tends to be a bit on the spicy side. Though I can handle a fair amount of spice, I order the medium Paneer Masala dish and I'm still pretty much in tears by the end of my meal. Thus, I'd probably order one spice level BELOW what I typically order (which is medium, pretty much every where I dine). Thus, when I order Paneer Masala next time, I'll definitely say MILD with my order instead of MEDIUM.

That being said, it's not uncommon for me or a friend to text one another and ask "New Delhi delivery tonight?" It's been the source of a lot of happiness over the past year or so, and I'm glad to have this establishment with me for the next two years!
so Yelp took down my previous review because I wrote:
Indian Buffet = Stomach Cramps (and I didn't have my period at the time)

please...it won't be the last time Yelp does this.

New Delhi is your standard Indian Buffet restaurant, but because of all the trust fund babies from Penn this place gets mobbed on weeknights.  the more people touching food on a buffet table increases my chances of getting E.coli from unwashed poop hands.  

They do offer a lot of vegetarian options, but that being said they might as well stop with the lame salad that consists of iceberg and chopped cabbage.  no one wants to eat waterlogged lettuce with creamy dressing.

my niece and nephew love it : )
I go here about once every fortnight.
Their chicken tikki masala is delicious. Very juicy (however not spicy at all.) Their lamb saag is incredible. The one thing that has been a hit or miss for me is their vegetable samosas. They are sometimes a little dry and crumby and lack flavor. Sometimes, they are crisp, hot and very good. 

The desserts are also a plus - this is one of the only Indian buffet places that I've been to that offers choices in desserts including mango ice cream, kheer, etc. etc. DELICIOUS!

Service: is ok.
Yummy and cheap! Lunch buffet is about 10 bucks and you get 10% off if you're a student. They have a pretty good assortment of curries to try. My favorite being their chicken tikka misala. The chicken is tender and all the curries had their own unique taste. They also have rice and naan bread. The only thing I didn't like about this place was that their naan was very chewy. Besides that, great place! Lunch also includes dessert (mango ice cream is the best!) and coffee. Good deal! :)
I love New Delhi! The food is delicious, and the inexpensive buffet offers a number of different choices.  My friends and I go there all the time.
I went here 5 or 6 years ago when I first moved to the city (before it was renovated), and I remembered the food as greasy and unpleasant.  Well, I wish I'd given it a second chance sooner!  I tried again last weekend and was pleasantly surprised.  I had to get over my fear of buffets (don't like a bunch of other people touching/hovering over/potentially sneezing in food I'm about to eat, what can I say?), but once that was accomplished the meal was great.  The samosas were crisp and perfectly spiced, there were lots of delicious vegetarian options to choose from, and it even pleased my picky mom.  Way to go, New Delhi.  I'll be back sooner this time, I promise.  Oh, the only complaint is that it was FREEZING in there!  Good thing the spicy food warmed me up.
I haven't ordered from New Delhi in a while because my last experience was incredibly disappointing.  I really loved the Paneer Makhni, once.  At the time, I was so thrilled that I had found an Indian restaurant that served it deliciously creamy and just spicy enough.

Recently, however, there has been a massive decline in quality.  A few weeks ago, I had a craving for paneer, and I managed to convince Boyd to try something different, so I ordered my usual paneer and naan, plus some chicken pakora.  Boyd enjoyed the pakora, but my paneer had a layer of grease on top that was so thick that I could dip a piece of naan into it and come up without any sauce.  It was flavorless - it even tasted like grease.  I'm also not happy about the mango lassi; it's little more than oversweetened milk with bright orange food coloring.

I really want to order from you guys again.  Please keep an eye on your quality control; your food is really good when you're paying attention.
I am a regular visitor of New Dehli Restaurant, possibly the best Indian-style cuisine in the area!  New Dehli offers a comfortable, modern dining area in the heart of the University City section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.  A reasonable selection of foods are offered in a buffet setting, the food is regularly replenished and is always fresh.  There is a limited alcohol selection for those who partake.  

The staff is friendly and social.  The facilities are kept clean and is always a wonderful experience!
The food was not entirely authentic when we ordered it the first time around. But, I guess, hence the name "NEW Delhi". 

The place was sort of dirty which we ignored because we craved the food. It might be a good idea to write to Phila Department of Health to report this cafe for filth.

Today, Jan 12, 2019, around 7:10 p.m. we decided to order again. To place the order we called. A rude man picked up. He didn't say "hello". His tone was unpleasant and dismissive. We asked a question about the Samosas, and he hang up on us. We knew that he hang up because we heard the handset clanking against the the body of the phone as he put it down. He pretty much threw the phone down. 

We waited for a minute for him to call us back and apologize profusely, he didn't. Hey, you are in a service business and these kind of pleasantries are a must, not optional at all.

We called again. Same man picked up. We asked why he hang up on us. He admitted to hanging up on us. Instead of apologizing or saying something nice, this man raised his voice at us. We told him " congratulations, you just lost a customer and an order we were planning to place tonight." This man had no qualms about talking back at us " congratulations to you ..." Upon hearing him respond we hang up on him because we were not willing to stand his rudeness.

Rudeness seems to be ok at this establishment. Please don't support this place. Respect yourself by avoiding these people.
We had dinner last night at New Delhi and it was an OK experience for the price. The foods are cooked freshly and restaurant is clean, the servers are sort of friendly, but really pretty grumpy if you asked me. Honestly, it's not nearly as good as it was a few years back. The also did not offer Tea with the Buffet.....I remember they used to have a large pot of tea, it's now something you must order if you want it.....Well for 13. bucks what do you want. Oh yeah the fried chicken is pretty awesome  and the curry goat is very good too. Lastly everything is on the sweet side....nothing is spicy.
I used to love coming here after work during the week or in the early evening on the weekends -- sure the buffet selections weren't as spicy as I typically have my Indian food prepared, but the food was always consistent, with a little kick (i.e. not totally bland).  In particular the Bhindi Masala, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Palak Paneer were a few of my favorites in the buffet.  I discovered Aloo Rajma (Potato & Kidney Bean Curry) here, which we've since cooked on our own on several occasions.  I've also got to appreciate the well-rounded craft beer selection- though who really wants to drink a Russian Imperial Stout with their Indian Food?? Another thing I always appreciated about New Delhi was their service- it was always super quick and efficient- some servers are friendlier than others, but they all got the job done.  

That being said, I recently brought my friends here on a Sunday evening, and had a bit of a frustrating experience.  First off, the restaurant was packed - a large Indian family seated in one of the long tables, a fraternity & friends seated at the other.  I'm not sure how they even found a seat for us-- but we didn't have to wait at all to be seated.  It's generally assumed by the servers that you are here for the buffet.  

Just as an aside -- I did try ordering from the menu once -- something that wasn't on the buffet that day -- it appeared to have been microwaved and wasn't freshly made, so do yourself a favor and stick with the buffet here.

On this particular evening, the buffet table was swarming with people, and it was a bit annoying just grabbing a plate to load up with food.  In fact, it was difficult even getting to the buffet - so many people going every which way screaming this and that to their friends.  We finally managed to get our food and sat back down with our friends.   The noise from the frat table was such that my friends and I practically had to yell back and forth to hear each other, which was kind of a drag, since I was expecting a nice dinner and it felt more like a high school cafeteria.  My boyfriend was in fact so bothered by the noise that he lost his appetite and ended up hardly eating anything.  And just when we though it couldn't get any worse, the frat started singing happy birthday to someone....

I tried to flag down a server to get our check, he looked at my for a second, they turned away as if he didn't understand me, and proceeded to help someone else. I eventually got his attention and he agreed to get us our check.  I asked if we could order the ice cream (pistachio or mango) that usually comes free with the buffet, and he told me they were no longer serving ice cream.  Disappointed, we paid our bill and escaped the chaos. 

Yes, my recent experience was not good, and knowing that, I doubt I'll be returning anytime soon.  However, in all of my several (probably 15 - 20) other times that I've been here, the food has been good and I've had a positive experience.  My recommendation would be to go, just not at peak dinner time if you are expecting to have an enjoyable experience.
Wow..I'm really surprised at the good reviews regards buffet. We went to a dinner buffet yesterday and it was a joke. 
The naans were rubbery and so very chewy. The chicken Biriyani tasted sweet . The chicken pakora seemed uncooked. All in all, came with high hopes and left with none .
Sorry New Delhi , but I'm not dining with you again .
Solid and close to campus.  It's spacious and clean.  Buffet food is pretty good -- tasty, nice variety.  Not very spicy.  Great place for large groups.  I really enjoyed the malai kofta when it was there.

Service can be lacking at times.  Once, my dessert order got lost & I had to keep asking for it -- it eventually came so that was fine.  Another time, waiter didn't offer dessert, and just brought us the bill instead (a dessert is included with the buffet).  Another time, the waiter just didn't come back with a receipt and change for a large cash payment -- the change was the tip anyway but the receipt would have been nice.  I guess you should pay with a card to get the waiter to come back?  Just stay on top of things yourself because the waiter might not take care of it.
Two people can eat at this buffet for $21.95....that's a HUGE difference compared to the $40 my fiance' and I normally spend when we eat at Indian restaurants.The food is VERY good! I pile my plate high with chicken tikka masala, chicken tandoori, chicken vindaloo, biryani, bhindi masala, basmati rice and naan. Delicious! I have also ordered Tandoori shrimp from their a la carte menu, but the buffet is definitely the way to go.
Let me just say, if you buy off the menu, you're missing out.  Alot of the foods on the menu are in the buffet, and it's comparable in price.  It is clear that the folks at New Delhi understand their target market, because the prices are just right for my student pocket!  Make sure to freshen your breath with the fennel breath mints at the bar, and make the ridiculously long walk to the restroom somewhere during the course of your meal.  To end on a vulgar note, if you aren't used to eating Indian food, prepare to be cleaned out *ifyouknowwhatimean*.
One of the worst delivery experiences ever !! Made the mistake of ordering food when I was ill and adding a 10% tip. First, the driver calls and yells at me, saying he's giving me 3 minutes to come downstairs and get the food, otherwise he's gone. When I call the restaurant, the owner says that it's not his problem and this is how he does business in the city. I tell him I'm ill and I cannot go downstairs and he says this is how he always delivers food to my building (not true, everyone else delivers to the apartments).

As for the food, it's oily and greasy and possibly one of the least authentic Indian food options. Order from here only if you're really desperate and have a very strong stomach.
The perfect solution to a Sunday hangover - chicken vindaloo, channa  masala, and samosas. Thank God they deliver all the way to Rittenhouse!

I asked for everything very spicy, and they delivered the heat! Too  many establishments are too scared to turn up the temperature, but  these guys nailed it.

This was the first time I tried meat samosa, and although the spices  were interesting the filling was too dry, so I'll be staying with the potato  from this place.
I've only ever eaten the buffet at lunch, but I've had it at least 20 times now. Food is always fresh and tasty. They always have a good mix of vegetarian options along with chicken and lamb, so there is something for everyone! I find the level of spice to be perfect, but it's too powerful for my mother. If you like moderately spicy food, you can handle their level of spice. 

Compared to the other Indian buffet around the corner, this place is far better in my book on taste and decor. Since they redecorated the place a couple years ago it's a hip, trendy spot to go for lunch.
Their buffet is the best deal on Indian food in University City. It is something around $9.99 for the all you can eat buffet dinner, including dessert. They have a good mix between meats and delicious vegetarian friendly dishes (I highly recommend the vegetarian meatballs!). When school is in session, it gets pretty crowded though, but I don't mind the wait.
We have been going here for years, but this time it was not the same. Something has changed.  My husband and I went there with my parents for lunch on a Sunday. In the past, the place has been packed with people on the weekend at lunch time, but this time there were just a few people. My husband and I ordered buffet and my parents got ala carte items.

The taste of the food was just ok. Some of the items seemed like they were made using canned or frozen items. The Okra curry definitely made from frozen okra, and there was no taste to the dish at all. The pieces of chicken in the tikka masala curry sauce were quite dry. Almost seemed like they pulled the meat from left over from tandoori chicken and made tikka masala with it. I have not seen shredded chicken in a tikka masala dish, its supposed to be cubed, freshly grilled and really tender. This was tough and dry shreds of chicken and onion in it.  The other curry dishes were so so, not much flavor, salty and greasy.  

Previously, after the meal, they would serve a separate dessert, like ice cream or kulfi etc.. for those who ordered buffet. There would also be rice pudding and chocolate pudding in the buffet. But this time, no dessert, only the rice pudding, chocolate pudding and canned fruit in the salad bar. The separate dessert would now cost $2.75 more.  The ala carte items, also not appealing. The quantity of the food and the quality has gone down.  I wonder if they are trying to cut costs in order to 'not' raise the prices? I don't know, but they are certainly compromising quality in the process.

As for the waiters, they were polite and good with filling water, taking away plates etc... Strangely though, it seemed that the waiters kept passing by our table and looking at our plates, as if they were trying to keep an eye on what we were eating and that we weren't taking food from the buffet to share with others who did not order buffet on our table!  We all ordered our own choices of dishes, so i don't know why they would do that, It was just really odd. Anyway, we were not pleased with our meal this time around, and thinking maybe its time to move on to another one of the Indian Restaurants in the area... Sitar for one, is really good!
I don't do Indian food.  Never have.  And this place was good.  The only problem was that the selection at the buffet was slim.  Very good, but only a few options.

Be ready to eat a lot to get your $11 worth.
Tried dinner buffet here. The lamb and indian naan are good. The dishes are not too spicy or too curry in a good way. I really enjoyed dipping naan into the lamb soup.

But found out NO Samosas served on Wednesday and Thursday. No dessert (on their website, it said appetizer, main dish and dessert included in the buffet).  Too little selection to a buffet.   So called, you get what you pay for.
New Delhi serves up one of the best deals in town.  The lunch buffet is a mainstay in University City and prime for a student budget as well.

Try the Lamb Saag and of course the Tandori Chicken.  They also have a great chicken dish.  Vegetarians can also be ill afforded to pass up New Delhi as their Samosa and chick pea dishes are fantastic.

I haven't been there since their renovation but I've heard great things.  The parking can be iffy but then again Septa is a good bet.  Don't be scared.  Try it sometime.
A decent Indian restaurant, although I believe there are much better options out there.
The pro's, you can eat a ton of food at the buffet at a low cost. Great if you have a group of people wanting Indian food. 
The dessert coming with the buffet. I've tried most of them and they are all delicious. And the serving size of dessert is perfect. 

Con's- Not a ton of food selections. Food is bland and they limit the spice for the American tongue. Yes, some of their foods are actually supposed to have a kick to it. The selection of foods does not change. It is always the same stuff. 

That being said, there are far superior options that are cheap in the area. But, due to price and location this appears to be a favorite of many people. 

Rob
Don't go here if you like Indian food. Everything I had was either too watered down or too dry and over or under seasoned.  Pretty disappointing.
I have come here twice, and have since learned my lesson as to how to have the best experience. 

KEY: Call ahead and find out whats on the buffet! 

As a vegetarian, I love indian buffets with lots of veggie options. The first time I came, I was a bit disappointed as to the veggie selection - the second time, we called ahead and found out it was a good day to go (for us)! It was awesome having so many options and it really was delicious
My favorite Indian place currently! 

I love their vegan special menu. For $16, you get a choice of an appetizer, an entree with rice, tandoori roti, three chutneys and mango juice. 

I love to order the patata wada, they're delicious fried potato balls. The chutneys are all delicious. Each has their own unique flavor. They pair well with the patata wada's and roti. The Chana masala is delicious too. I always walk away stuffed!
I have been eating here for it seems like at least 7 years, and it is my favorite Indian buffet in the country. The food is always fresh and delicious. I always eat far too much but it's so worth it. The tandoori chicken is a favorite, and if you come on samosa day you will have the most tasty samosas you have ever had! Add a mango lassi to your meal for a small additional charge, you won't be sorry.
A friend and I where going to go out for brunch, but we ended up meeting up later than expected. so we decided to do the next best thing and give New Delhi's Lunch Buffet a shot. It might have just been the best meal for less than $10 that I ever had. we loaded our plates  with all kinds of spicy veggies, chicken tikka masala, lamb korma, samosas, and a plentiful helping of naan. the buffet is all you can eat, but you might find yourself stopping halfway through the second plate because it fills you up fast.

Dessert came with the buffet so we split some mango ice cream and gulab juman. the juman tasted like donuts soaked in honey, and the ice cream was fresh and fruity. we also got some incredibly fresh tea that really hit the spot on this cold day.

New Delhi is definitely worth checking out whether you do the buffet or enjoy a meal. you get ultra fast service, a full stocked bar, and they even make party trays and deliver to nearby locations (sorry Old City and South Philly). The dining area will be closed for remodeling Dec 18-31st so get there while you can.
This is my favorite buffet in the area!

I come here with both family and on dates, and I eat until I have to make my belt a few notches looser.  I've loved everything that tried, and the chai tea that's sometimes offered for dining in or to go is delicious! 

I knocked off a star because the service is lacking and it can take awhile to get the proper person to get you water then another for alcoholic beverages.  

We'll be back soon!
+:

-Nice, stylish dining area.
-Amazing veggie samosas (size, quality and price)
-Fair-to-good prices
-Asked for "medium plus" spice and got the perfect amount of spice
-Garlic na'an that actually tastes like it contains garlic

-:

-Refused to deliver to a nearby neighborhood when it is closer than many other neighborhoods to which they deliver (Hmmm...is someone a little discriminatory?)
-All the food (in sauce) was really orange, which didn't affect the taste at all, but was kind of odd

In summary, I'd definitely return and perhaps try their lunch or dinner buffet.
I bought the vegetable samosas and shrimp masala dish a few days ago via Uber Eats. Yum yum yum! The flavors were delicious and I will be returning soon. I chose the hot option for my dish. Beware this is indian spicy, so when they says it's hot they mean it. Next time I will opt for the medium heat.
Like at least one other reviewer, I used to go to Sitar India--on and off for 20 years until it closed. So when it was time to meet with my business partner, it seemed only fitting to pick another buffet in the University City area. New Delhi is, as far as I know, the last Indian buffet standing in the neighborhood. I remember having gone there a long time ago and enjoying it, so why not try it again?

The environment was pleasant enough, and the staff was friendly (though not one of them wore a mask over their nose), but the food was just OK. There's a good variety, but for me, it was bland. I appreciate that buffets often cater to the lowest common denominator when it comes to spice, and I wasn't looking for spicy, but I wanted it to be more well-seasoned and more flavorful. Also, the rice pudding was cloyingly sweet.

Would I come back? If I were in the neighborhood, probably--maybe it was just an off day for the kitchen--but I'd likely see what other options existed first.
I've eaten at many Indian buffets, and New Delhi's is easily one of the best, and certainly the best value.  Tasty food, greens that are actually green (and not the bleached iceberg lettuce that typically passes for salads at other buffets), and your choice (!) of dessert, all for around $10.  

So, okay, New Delhi does not have the best Indian food ever.  No place has yet exceeded my friend's mom's authentic home cooking and other restaurants have tastier (or at least more novel) dishes than New Delhi.  I like Karma's pricier buffet better.  But New Delhi's buffet has an excellent selection of veggie and meat dishes (and fresh naan).  The gray-plastic decor in the rear is kinda spaceship-weird, but if you go to a buffet restaurant expecting high-end decor, you've got issues that should be discussed with a professional (or you've only gone to Palace at the Ben's buffet lunch).
My boyfriend and I are new to Indian food. We tried Sitar a few blocks away and that really turned us off. But we thought we'd give Indian food another chance because we're open minded and people have to rave about it for a reason right?! 

New Delhi Indian Restaurant definitely changed our minds. The food here was DELICIOUS! Not to mention the buffet is only $13.95. What a steal. Nothing beats good food that doesn't hurt your wallets! 

They also have a plethora of vegetarian options so I didn't feel so fat and greedy eating here. We didn't get to try everything from the buffet, but all the food that we tried was flavorful and fresh. The drinks are pretty good too (they offer deals for them as well) And 10% off if you pay your bill with cash!

Maybe we're still uncultured when it comes to Indian food but this place is pretty darn good in our opinion. Will definitely be making this a regular.


***The only reason why I gave this place 4 stars is because some of the waiters are kind of creepy, and I didn't appreciate being watched while eating.
Food is so bomb you won't be disappointed. Alu mutter is a must. Samosas are good as well & VERY BIG. I visit Philly often & Im always so hungry because it's hard to find vegetarian or vegan food. I wanted to take some back lol. Cant wait to try something new when i return. I also ordered delivery so I'm not really sure about the in-house customer service details.
My main qualm with this place is that the saag paneer (? The green one) was not vegetarian and I judge this place the way I judge tandoor which I really like .. The samosas r not spicy enough however they are tasty but not spicy enough for me.. They do have a bar which I prefer to byob in the afternoon . I just don't think they have enough vegetarian options . And it's strange to me that you can't get your own dessert at a buffet? Despite all my reservations I would go back.. But only if I was in a group because the restaurant is better suited for larger groups than tandoor
I used to go here every sunday for dinner with a few of my friends. The buffet is cheap and yummy, but make sure you schedule at least two hours of post-indian-food-lying-around-the-house time. You'll need to nap on the couch to digest. Whatever you do, don't leave without some Gulab Jamon. The stuff is sinfully awesome.
I love Indian food and I love buffet, so why not combine those two and slap on a reasonable price?

Yeah, I've been here a few times but reviewing Indian food is somewhat hard for me because I know that I won't be able to remember the names of the dishes I've tasted. I remember the first time I came and I had the most amazing buttery Chicken Tikka ever but the second time I came back it doesn't seem that amazing anymore, but it sure came back this time around. I guess the moral of story is that it's hard to maintain a consistent quality especially for buffet restaurants. 

But what they lack, this place makes it up with variety and quantity. Gorgeous, crunchy samosas filled with potatoes and green peas, one of the best I've had in the city for sure. Soft lamb meatballs in a yellow curry, Chicken tandoori, Palak Paneer, fried wings, naan, basmati rice. There were at least a dozen different dishes for the diners to choose from and it was only $8.95 per person for lunch and $11.95 for dinner. Since the movie theater is so close, I usually would come here to eat before or after a movie, or even when I got too tired of waiting for the bus right outside.

One thing though, the server doesn't seem to speak great English and when they came over to take the plate that my friend was trying to finish, we had to say no for like 6 times before the server left us alone. The free ice cream at the end was also an awesome final touch. I have to suffer from my overindulgence at the end but it was really worth it. I left a happy waddling camper.
Ok, I admit that I'm giving 5 stars because I've been going here almost my entire life, and the food has stayed reliably delicious. It's not always perfect, especially if you're really craving spice, but how can you beat the buffet, with tea and dessert included and a 10% student discount? The Tandoori chicken can be hit or miss, but their mutter or saag paneer is just lovely, as well as the lamb saag, tikka masala, and fried chicken (coated in chickpea flour, so you feel 2% better about eating them). The owner told us that they changed the kitschy decor to a sleeker look because that's what they're doing in India...personally, I liked the old look better, but hey, now you get a long, silvery, space-trek to the bathroom.
3.5 stars.
      I went in here a few days ago to try the much vaunted Indian food here. 
        The place itself is really clean and looks like they either recently remodeled or just really take care of the place. The buffet areas were really really clean, which is not always easy to do/maintain. I stepped up and began my sampling of ND's wares. Vegetable samosa, chicken tikka masala and the mutter paneer. The vegetable samosa was the best outside of one of my old boss's wives samosa. Beautifully crisp outer shell, yet flaky and not over fried. The samosa filling was really good and had a fair amount of spice. The chicken tikka masala was really good and rivaled Tiffin's. The mutter paneer was pretty good, though in truth I probably like Tiffin's better. Though to be fair, Tiffin cooks theirs on demand vs. ND's sitting around in a warmer. Speaking of which the trays were so hot that the serving handles were almost too hot to touch. 

On my second pass I tried the lamb saag, dal mahkni and another dish who's name escapes me. The Lamb in the lamb saag was very tender and had some flavor to it. The green sauce looked horrible, like something from the movie Swamp Thing. However it tasted pretty good. The Dal Mahkni on the other hand looked watery and didn't taste that great. The other dish I got was similarly watery and didn't have a lot of spice to it either. The Naan I got was tasty and light/fluffy/not overbaked/cooked.

I had the rice pudding dish for dessert and it perfectly complemented and settled down my stomach after some of the spicy things I had.

Service was excellent. I always got a quick refill on water and my empty plate(s) were whisked away in a jiff.

Overall what I liked, I liked a lot. I wish I'd had a chance to try the tandoori chicken and a few other things. Stay tuned.....
Desis, beware: New Delhi's food is not for us, especially not their buffet. Everything is bland and doesn't taste 'Indian' in the least. If you are looking for something more authentic, well, Tandoor next door has a better-tasting buffet, and if you're willing to compromise on the buffet, Dana Mandi on Chestnut street is as authentic as it gets!

New Delhi has by far the best ambience among the Indian restaurants in this area though, and also has very good service. Now, if only their food were a little better...
GREAT FOOD!!!! i love buffets. esp ones that include dessert! but since i have had the glorious indian food from ekta i cant help but compare everything to it...and new dehli was lagging far behind ekta.
I ate here one Sunday afternoon to try out the all you can eat Indian Buffet. I came with my good friend Zedika and her daughter and her little friend.  They are of Indian heritage and I looked forward to putting on the feed bag with them.
 We walked  to the restaurant and sat down, exchanged a few pleasantries, then we charged the buffet and did what we came here to do- pig out!
Zedika helped me by explaining what was in the different foods, but if you have read any of my reviews you know that I have no fear of the unknown, especially when it comes to food. I really enjoyed most of the items I tried, but the Nan & The Chicken Masala was a hit. I could imagine myself sopping up that delicious gravy anytime! In short, the buffet was very tasty at a reasonable price and it even comes with dessert. I feel really lucky to have enjoy all that delicious Indian food, while spending time with three lovely young ladies made it very special for me.
I found out my usual spot in the area, Sitar India was now closed, so I found this place. I had a little of nearly everything at the buffet, and was pleased with my meal. The buffet price was also pretty reasonable, and the staff were nice. They appear to do a lot of takeout orders, so that's an option if you're not interested in dining in. It's not the best Indian food I've had, but it tasted good, and was satisfying. I look forward to coming back again sometime.
So me and this place have had an interesting past.  In fact, I decided this place just wasn't good enough a while ago.  Ever since meeting my wife, who as I've mentioned is from India and the person I trust the most on finding a good Indian place, we have done whatever we could to try as many Indian places in the area as possible.  And when we first met, we came here together several times back when the decor wasn't nearly as nice as it is now.  The food was OK, but nothing special.  We soon found ourselves going to their competition down the street more often when we were in the area.  

Well, recently their competition has been suffering from a lack of quality in my mind.  And after seeing recent reviews here, I decided they deserved another shot.  So they got that shot a couple of days ago from us.  

The verdict is that this place is back in my good graces.  It's still not perfect though.  

Depending on which day you go there, you get some different choices on the buffet.  Here's the verdict on several choices I sampled the night I went.  

The chicken tikka masala needs a little more flavor and a little less spice.  It did not impress me too much, nor did it impress the expert sitting across from me.  

I have always liked the chicken wings they serve, and that hasn't changed.  The chicken wings pakora style works for me for some reason.  

The tandoori chicken is good if you get the dark meat pieces.  The white meat can run a bit dry.  

I'm embarassed to say that there was a veggie dish that I had never had, and forgot the name of (I want to say Pakora Karhi, but don't quote me).  But I will say it is served on Fridays, it is a creamy veggie dish, and quite spicy even for my wife who is used to this.  Despite the spice, I found myself enjoying it.  

The nicest touch is the Alu Papri Chaat station they have where you can put together your own ingredients.  Chaat, if done right, is a flavor explosion.  This was very well done.  

A lot of times, you can tell a lot of things about an Indian place by the quality of their naan.  The naan they serve on the buffet, well it's just ordinary.  I also believe you can tell a lot by the quality of their samosas.  However, they did not have any on the buffet on this night.  I think they should be there every night, but that's just me.  

I'm a big fan of lassi drinks, and they have a strawberry lassi which I had never seen before.  I tried it, and liked it a lot.  I liked it better than their mango lassi which I also tasted.  Now, mango lassi, to me, is very important to do right.  Some restaurants do that drink better than others.  Unfortunately, I have to fail theirs.  Just not enough good mango taste.  

The desserts here are always a nice touch served at your table.  They serve a pretty decent gulab jamun, which I have now found tastes great with mango ice cream.  

So I am ready to say that if I feel the need to come back to this area for Indian buffet dinner, this place will probably be my first choice again.  But they need to do some things better before they get a 4th star.
New Delhi is definitely a restaurant that everyone should go to. It has great food that isn't expensive at all. My friends and I go there a good amount and always get the buffet, which is amazing. Whenever we order in though, the best thing to eat is paneer....so delicious.
I'm giving this place 5 stars, because their buffet is awesome! I think this place might have ruined Indian buffets in okc for me. There are plenty of dishes to choose from, and everything tastes fresh and delicious. I really liked the chicken tikka and lamb here, and the kulfi was also good.

The atmosphere here was also nice and clean, and service was very friendly.
I'm downgrading to 3 stars to reflect the fact that the last few times I've been to New Delhi, the food hasn't been very flavourful. There are other Indian restaurants nearby that are better.
Went with a friend last night.  Sorry to learn there is a new owner.  There were only 4 customers (2 tables); including us.  Walking around after dinner, we noticed the other Indian places on campus were packed.  I understand why.  

In sum, Oh how the mighty have fallen...the food was tasteless and everything was watered down. Even the saag was horrible, too liquidy and without taste. I have been a loyal customer for over 15 years and very likely will never go back.  I wonder if they will last a year.
My parents and I ordered delivery from here and it was so good! We ordered everything in medium but it was a bit too spicy for us. I'm really looking forward to enjoying the Alu Palak and Chicken Tikka Masala in mild! The Alu Palak was so smooth and flavorful, it was the best spinach dish I have ever had. It makes eating your veggies VERY easy! :)
The Indian restaurant scene in Philly and surrounding suburbs is difficult. I say this as an expert on South Asian (Indian/Pakistani) food. You tend to get either good food and poor service or vice versa with sometimes both poor service and poor food. This place however, is the exception.

Friendly staff and a long narrowish dining area with bar at the back.

The variety and quality of the food is good. I've eaten at the "curry buffets" around the US from NYC to Bay Area and frankly speaking this is probably 3rd place in my mind (btw number 1 = Rasoi in Iselin). That's really quite amazing for a city which overall disappoints for Indian.

You get the standard tandoori chicken and tikka masala etc but additionally theres great vegetarian, lamb and paneer saag options too. Variety is significant factor it really is just right level for a buffet. Just enough to give you a wide variety of veg and non-veg options. There's even samosa's which is, surprisingly, not that common in the "curry buffets".

The one thing that upsets me more than anything at buffets is skimping on the naan or trying to make it too fancy. Naan isn't the main event, its only meant to be the foundation. Just keep the damn tray full and hot and do not make me order naan selectively (yep, this is why I never went back to Ginger in Freehold). Not an issue at this place though - the naan options are good too with continual refills. 

No one will leave this place disappointed and it also has cheap beer!!!!

Value of money is what really gets it to the 5 star though. For the price you pay this is simply outstanding. I'd consider 6 if it was available.
Ayyy this shit is so bomb! I got the buffet and asked if there is a difference from ordering from the menu and just getting food from the buffet. The waiter said that getting dishes from the buffet wouldn't have as much flavor than dishes from the menu. If you're feeling optimistic about trying different dishes and can't decide on what to eat, I would say go with the buffet, I didn't regret doing that. I guess if you know what you want then you should order from the menu, it would probably be better.
Sadly, I think my over-exuberance in the earlier review was based on 2 (still superb) dishes - the chicken jalfrezi, the dal makhani and the chana.
I have since had the chicken tikka masala and the chicken biryanis, both of which were fairly ordinary (frozen chicken in the tikka masala was so disappointing after the tender goodness of the jalfrezi!). 
Overall still a solid bet - just maybe not 5 stars!
UPDATE 6/1/2014: New Delhi seems to be restructuring its core buffet (offering more options) and it dropped the free desert at the end of the meal entirely.  I am not happy with the change after 15 years.  I reduced my rating to 4 stars.  I think they are having trouble with a local competing Indian restaurant.  Hopefully they will pull their business model back together.

I have at eating New Delhi for 15+ years.  It was my first Indian restaurant in Philadelphia.  Something keeps making me go back again and again.  I dare say that the quality, taste, and value for my money is so good here, that these factors remaining equal, I would happily eat here once a week for the rest of my life. 

I like the ethnic diversity of the people eating in New Delhi: black, white, brown, purple, green.  I love seeing and being in this type of environment - good food for all to enjoy!  Many university students seem to eat here which I like - it makes the atmosphere more lively.  

I have to admit, it bothers me that the buffet price has creeped up a bit - I certainly miss New Delhi's coupon in the City Paper.   I guess that's the price of progress.  New Delhi continues to improve on its outstanding fare.  I have watched New Delhi grow from a crowded dark place with tons of refrigerated Indian candies on display up front (that no one seemed to buy) to an expanded polished place with a full-spread window system opening to outdoor seating at the front.  Over the years New Delhi has added more food offerings to its already fine buffet.  In fact, in 2011, New Delhi's improved salad bar added roughly 7 more items such as hummus and string bean salad.  I am quite happy they launched a campaign on their website to periodically distribute coupons. 

Please note the buffet has different offerings everyday of the week.  I try to go only when vegetable malai kofta (wed, fri, sunday) is on the buffet menu because it's my favorite. I find that the unsweetened iced tea is exceptional here - it has a nice spice to it if you want to add something special to your meal.  Additionally, the taste of their mango ice cream is quite unique.  I would dare say you could not get that mango ice cream flavor anywhere else in Philly.  Nevertheless, I personally choose the kulfi (pistachio ice cream) desert after my buffet.  In my opinion, It blows the mango ice cream away.
I love getting their buffet to go....it's cheaper than eating in, and you get enough food for DAYS! The food here is delicious. Even if you go at 3 PM, the buffet is full and the food is fresh. This place is great!
We started girls' night with a round of Mango Shakes and agreed to all go for the dinner buffet.  At $11.95/person, this was a good deal since a single dish was $9-12.  Now a Tuesday night buffet on the edge of University City made me a little nervous, but I was very pleased that all the food was fresh.  The standouts were the Chicken Tikka and the Vegetable Samosas, but the other selections were good as well.  The waitstaff was also really nice and attentive and did not rush us at all.
I went here for my birthday last week (where was my gift, Yelp?) because I haven't had Indian food since I moved back to Philly.

I have to say, if you are a patron who demands good to excellent service, you may not like this place. My friends I were greeted at the door after standing around for a minute by our server who just motioned to our table (we assumed) and walked away. After 3 minutes he came back with water and was like, "Alright, you can eat," and walked away. We motioned him back a minute later, still confused. Was the buffet our only option? Where were the plates? How much did it cost? Can we see menus before makng a decision?

Annoyed, he bought us menus and left again. He came back a few minutes later and begrudgingly answered questions about the menu, then took our order. He was sick of us by then and didn't check on us the rest of the night. When the meal was over, someone started to put my food in a carry out container for me, but another worker there told him to stop. He was like, "No, she can do it." We really did not make a good first impression on New Dheli.

But you know, I can ignore oddball staff if there's good food. Plus, there's always take out and writing scathing reviews on Yelp. We had Chicken tiikka masala, chicken saag, saag paneer, samosas, and garlic naan. Everyone was really happy with their dishes.  I ordered the Saag mild, my friends ordered their dishes medium spicy but said there wasn't enough heat. I tasted and agreed. The samosas were huge and crispy and so delicious. 

I would definetely go back for the food, but may not eat in there again.
Great Indian buffet for lunch. They have everything- samosas, chicken, lamb, rice, naan, salad, condiments, chai tea, and dessert. For 10 bucks! Not exactly the fanciest place, but nevertheless this is going to be my main Indian spot in Philly.
