New Deck Tavern is a casual, well priced pub-style eatery. The interior is exactly how you would picture an old-style British pub, with dark wood and dim lights.  The atmosphere, food, and service are all pretty much what you would imagine.

The menu offers your standard bar fare options. We shared the Sizzling Fajita Entree, which was good and ordered a few drinks.  The place was full for a Friday evening.
Last night, my mom and I chose New Deck as the meeting place for drinks and a bite after her conference nearby. The menu was exactly what we were looking for; a decent happy hour and a few small plates. I had French onion soup and we shared a Mediterranean plate and some chicken fingers. The beers were super fresh and delicious; Guinness for Mom and Harp for me. 

New Deck has a nice pub environment and it was clean and pretty bustling considering the Monday night. However, New Deck has a problem, and it's pretty clearly outlined in other recent reviews. It's the service. We sat at the bar and the bartender was surlier than Mr. Carson in Downton Abbey, and not in an endearing way. An Irish accent only gets you so far. It was very hard to get this bartender's attention on multiple occasions, and we actually felt like we were bothering him when we needed something. This is the guy you stick behind the bar on a college campus? 

New Deck filled all of our requirements for a night out except for the good service part. We'll be choosing another destination next time.
Terrible Service.

My company and I had an office outing at this tavern for lunch. 

They served us our food almost an hour after we arrived.

The party room which they seated us was extremely small and tight.

The stools in the party room were very tall but the seat was so small and uncomfortable.

The tables were Not clean and sticky.

All that was bad but the THE MAIN REASON I decided to take the time to write a post about this restaurant was because of what happened after we finished eating.

It was a group of 20+ people and the bill came out to around $260.

A majority of us paid cash, and only three of us paid credit.

The lady handling our bill took the cash and charged us three $17/each for our portion of the dinner.

I went the following day to look at my credit card statement to find that the lady had charged me $17 and $260 for the whole bill.

I immediately thought that this was suspicious because
1) She ran my two co-workers cards in front of us
2) She took my card to be back of the tavern to run my card (idk why either)
3) The credit card company said it was ran twice.

Why would you run a credit card twice when I only signed one slip for $17??

I went there that same day (FRIDAY) to tell them how they had charged me $260 for some reason.

However they asked that I come in another day because "Their manager wasn't there"
Why they didn't have a manager there on a Friday is confusing as well.

The manager didn't show up till TUESDAY. Meanwhile I have this charge still sitting on my credit card.

I go there Today to get it fixed and they tell me okay they will get it fixed with the credit card company.

No apology. No remorse. No sense of sympathy. The bartender just looked at me like "Yeah shit happens"

After leaving the store AGAIN, I call the credit card company for them to tell me that the restaurant changed the charge from $260 to $50......

Now I'm even more confused because that is a completely random number. 

I called the manager immediately after getting off the phone with the credit card company and told again that her restaurant is trying to bill me incorrectly.

She was not letting me finish my story and trying to talk over me the whole time I was on the phone with her.

Now I am STILL waiting for them to fix my statement.

Meanwhile I have still received no apology form the restaurant, No type of reimbursement for wasting my time driving over there again and calling the credit card company and manager.

I WILL NEVER visit this location again. And I will make sure to inform everyone about this establishment. 

I would never trust these people. The lady who ran my credit card twice for $17 and $260 was definitely trying to scheme. She was gonna charge the whole bill on the card and collect the cash that was given to her.
Ok.. I know.. Five stars.  What?

What is New Deck.  It's a faux Irish pub/college tavern.  Is it dirty?  Yes.  Are all of the tables (and obviously also the floor and chairs) covered with old beer and grease?  Yes.  Is it a little bit disgusting to think about if you're sitting down to eat a delicious plate of cheese fries (with bacon!)?  Ok, maybe a little....

But this place has a fantastic selection of beers (get the 90 minute Dogfish head!  It's amazing) and a decent selection of other boozy items.  And what do you want after three beers and a shot of whiskey?  A huge juicy cheese-covered burger and a huge plate of crispy salty fries.  And what does New Deck have in abundance?  Awesome juicy cheese-covered burgers and huge plates of crispy salty (greasy) fries.

Don't come here for a shiny Michelin-star experience.  Come here to get a little tipsy and then balance that out with some salt and grease.  Just like god intended.
I admit it; I like the new Deck Tavern.

I admit it; I went to Drexel and I frequented New Deck a ton.

I admit it; I have a ton of sorta-memories from there during college besides the rubbery steak fajita's and the authentic spiteful Irish wait and bar staff. 

I admit it; Their half-price late night food menu kept fuel in our tanks during the leaner times during school.

I admit it; We nicknamed the manager "Timmy the Tooth". Its a dick move - but he is missing a major one in the front. C'mon, somebody has to tell him.

I admit it; I got hammered and used to yell "Go back to Jersey" at the Karaoke MC on Tuesday nights for the better part of the Spring of 2004. 

I admit it; Its more than just Ironic that my karaoke songs of choice were Bon Jovi more often than not - especially taking into account that disparaging remarks focused on the great garden state flowed freely from my mouth on a regular basis. 

I admit it; the name of our Quizzo team was "Penn Sucks - go and study". Funny at the time, but I am just thankful I own my own business now, or those Ivy leaugers would still be haunting my dreams. Smug bastards.

I admit it; We absolutely waited until the lights came on one night and as the one bouncer was sweeping with his "staff" collared shirt off, we stole it.

I admit it; We ran into my full-on dutch Psych 102 professor there one time. He called us pussies for asking him to do a shot of Jaeger with us - so we did vodka upon his request. An hour later he fell down the back stairs while trying to leave the out back entrance. If we weren't so wacked from his "manly" vodka shots we probably wouldn't have laughed as hard as we did and could have assisted him - but we were doubled over laughing just too damn hard.He def made crazy dutch noises all the way down the steps and he def missed class the next day and showed up for Friday all bruised up. He is European though and absolutely found the humor in the fact that he got sloppy and fell down the bar steps after drinking with his students albeit after the fact.

I admit it; Since I graduated from Drexel a while back I think I have maybe been to New Deck once. My car got broken into while I was there and I ran into my ex. It was a sign.

I admit it; I like new deck tavern, but I think I am safer east of 30th st as I live out the remainder of my days.

Through the eyes of a college kid: 5 stars.

Through the eyes of everyone else: 3 Stars.
Ehhh. But let's do the math together.

My two lovely daughters and I had lunch here and sat outside at a table in the shade. One star!

We ordered chicken fingers and a club sandwich, both of which included honey mustard (a family favorite, plus I'm Southern, so the stuff runs through my veins). And the fries were crunchy and tasty. One more star!

The food was pretty good, and they had the new Flying Fish Summer Brew. What comes next, boys and girls? That's right: one additional star.

But the service...as I said earlier...ehhh. Dude was nice enough but he kept disappearing for extended stretches of time, drinks weren't refilled and he took a long time to bring the check. So long that I thought summer vacation might be over already.

So it's one, two, three stars for New Deck Tavern! Isn't math fun?
Came here after a last-minute trip to the hospital for Steve's dad. His brother-in-law was already there with a bunch of 8-year-olds, holding a table for us. We had rushed out the door so I didn't have my ID.

Bouncer won't let me in. Why not? It's 8:01 p.m., and after 8:00 they don't let anyone under 21 in without a parent.

NOTE: I don't look like I'm under 21. I'm NOT under 21. I'm not trying to sneak into the stupid bar, I just don't have my ID.

We explain to the bouncer that we are joining, literally, a group of 8-year-olds at a table in the back and that I won't be drinking. He still won't let me in.

He actually says to Steve, "Unless you're her PARENT, she can't come in." Which, again, would be relevant if I were actually under 21, or if we weren't about to sit down for FOOD (not drinks) with a bunch of CHILDREN who arrived at 7:59 p.m. and thus were allowed in.

We finally managed to slip in when he took a break and another bouncer seemed to understand that the situation was absolutely RIDICULOUS, although he still made me promise I wouldn't try to order a drink. OMG! I wasn't trying to scam them into serving alcohol to a minor... since I'm not a minor. I just wanted to eat.

The whole thing was just irritating, and the food did nothing for me. Maybe if I were still in college I would enjoy drinking at a place like this, which is why I gave them the extra star.
Mostly good food--definitely go for the more English/Irish dishes since they are way better than anything else.  Go tinker fries!

Great selection of beers on tap--Boddington's (my fav), Guiness, Harp, and even CandyBEER(Strong Bow).  Try the black velvet (guiness and Strong Bow layered).  So yum.  And remember Guiness has only 90 calories per pint!

Quizzo on Tuesday, they have happy hour pint special, too (at least they used to).  Definitely a college crowd (both students and profs).

P.s.  They have peanuts and you can throw the shells on the floor.
This place was terrrible. Granted the boyf and I went here because we were extremely bored and wanted to play quizzo. 

It was packed full of the likes of people who looked like they probably are entitled to a legacy at a frat / sorority house-- not particularly my scene at all. 

The food was terrible, soggiest fries I've had in Philadelphia yet.

I'm just going to end the review here because the only nice thing I can say about this place is that their bathroom was very clean.
I'm not impressed. Although New Deck oozes pub warmth on a cold winter day, I'd pop in for a drink, not lunch. 

While my food was OK - I had the french onion soup and split the portabello sandwich - I've had the same dishes much tastier in other locations. Including my own kitchen. The soup was warm but underwhelming, the portabello seemed to have been left out of the marinating process and only dresses with a dash of balsamic, the fries had been obviously friend in old oil. 

Add to the blah food the fact that my dining companion and I both found hairs in our food (to be fair, I have a lot of hair, and the particularly long one could have been mine) and there were little unappetizing gnats buzzing around the table. 

Our waitress also rushed the crap out of us. She tried to take our drink order before we even had our jackets off, and tried to make me order while my partner was still in the restroom blowing his wind-battered nose. Bad waitress! She did, however, bring two dill pickles, as requested. 

The only thing saving the New Deck from a one-star review is beer, and the fact that I know they have a pretty rowdly, rambunctious, and often grad-school-difficult quizzo night, which is pretty fun if you get there early enough to grab an upstairs table. 

In summary, just because you're a college bar doesn't been you can coast by with insulting service and ho-hum food. Step it up!
What to say about New Deck?  I may have been here more than anywhere else in Philly, but I don't have that much to say recently.

It's one of those ubiquitous Philly Irish pubs.  It's right in University City.  It does Quizzo twice a week.

I don't drink beer, but people seem to appreciate what they have on tap, and they make a decent frozen mudslide (I've had my share of sips from other people's drinks... tend to be the D.D.)

One useful thing for me is that New Deck can go on my chicken quesadilla ranking list.  It ranks... decent.  Seriously.  It comes with the sour cream, which makes me happy.  It also comes with a sliced pepper (though I thought it was an olive), with each slice individually hand-placed on each  triangular quesadilla segment.  This gives me the opportunity to individually hand remove each slice and reconstruct the pepper.  The dish is totally acceptable.

I also sometimes get the rather adequate burger.

This place can get crowded on weekends, and is often filled with undergrads, which... well, I'll let you who you are decide the appeal of that.

Service is mixed. Sometimes, fine, but recently... ok, shaved-head guy from Penn State... I understand you were into the Flyer's game.  But forgetting our appetizer, never checking on our meals, and seeming baffled by our request for silverware... this is not the way to earn a good tip.  Also, I'm confused about your practice of clearing the table by removing one plate, disappearing for 10 minutes at a time, coming back to pick up and then put down plates, finally removing another one, and repeat... we really would have just liked the check.

Another quirk... Baileys was on the menu.  I often enjoy a little Bailey's or Bailey's & milk on ice at home, so I figured I'd order it.  I was brought a shot glass of Bailey's with an ice cube in it.  Um... shots are nice and all that, but usually when something is placed on the drink menu, it is assumed it is an actual, you know, drink.

Enough random kvetching I suppose.  Probably just because I've been here a lot.  It's laid back, serves food late, and I love having an activity at a bar.  You want a place to meet friends and grab a bite and a drink at night in University City, this is on the top of my list of places to go.
I've come here on multiple occasions and have been appalled by the service. The first time, we reserved the downstairs area for a private event, yet for some unknown reason we were told to find our own seats upstairs. Our group had to be split into multiple tables, with no apology. Finally, about 10 appetizers and 1 hour later, we were told the downstairs area was finally available for our reserved use, but by then, half our party had left due to the absolute disappointment in the event and venue.

So after New Deck ruined our first private reserved event, I somehow ended up having to return for a birthday party, and was treated with similar minimal regards. This time we wanted to be seated upstairs, but were herded like sheep to the basement, where they thought it was appropriate to shove LITERALLY every Asian patron that evening.

A few weeks later, another birthday event was held here, so I dragged my feet over back to this place, and third time's a charm, was finally treated like an actual human being. Now, since I didn't have the bitter taste of horrid service in my mouth, I could actually try tasting the food. Verdict? Just as horrible as their service; fries were soggy, soup tasted like it came out of a can, and nachos were stale. 

For the life of me, please do not host another party at this place because I wish to never return.
Most people go to New Deck to drink; I go to New Deck to eat. They have some of the best burgers I have tasted in my life, and I don't even like hamburgers that much. The bacon cheeseburger is a favorite. Another plus, their fries are perfect. I hate when fries are either not crispy at all or are crispy but meaty on the inside. New Deck has perfected the art of fry making. 

When school is in session, New Deck is always crowded with University of Pennsylvania students, so if you don't like the preppy atmosphere, you might not want to go during the busy times. But I have no complaints so far!
New Deck is a good Irish pub--good beer, good atmosphere, good times. This generally holds except when it's Karaoke night. Thankfully, no matter how many horrifying renditions of Britney Spears' songs are sung, the beer still tastes good, a small consolation for losing about 3 hours of your hearing. Luckily, you'll be too deaf to hear the last song caterwauled.

I usually come here about twice a month, and they've consistently served tasty, filling food at great prices and the service is fantastic, the waiters and waitresses are always smiling and polite. New Deck has some great Happy Hour deals (5-7PM and after 11PM). All appetizers are HALF OFF and it's a $1 off pints. Their "awesome cheese fries" for ~$4 during HH are the best despite being the most fat-laden cheese fries I've ever had. Undoubtedly, it's worth every extra gym session. No trip to New Deck can be complete without them. The burgers are good, but I prefer the Bangers and Mash or the Sheppard's pie. If you're looking to save a little dough, you can also try eating only from the appetizer menu during Happy Hour, but your heart will kill you for it. Hard to believe, but their chili is pretty hearty and delicious. Eating outside, in front of New Deck in late spring is simply an amazingly fun time.

In terms of atmosphere, there are random little nicknacks and funny posters all over the place, a beautiful wooden bar, multiple partitioned dining areas with solid wooden tables and chairs, and a machine dispensing all the peanuts you can possibly eat--YAY for unlimited peanuts! You know they're serious about St. Patty's day when they have a countdown clock marking down the number of days  left until the next wearing of the green. It's also a really fun place for playing Quizzo with a table full of friends, despite the cheaters with their iPhones and crackberries spoiling the game.

New Deck has nice plasma screens all over the restaurant and bar, so you can easily watch the game as well. On the weekends during the school year, it will be packed, so be prepared to come early to snag a table or to come late for the evening Happy Hour as some of the crowd heads out.
Here is everything you need to know about the people who run New Deck: On St. Patrick's Day, they had NO drink specials and charged $5 for a pint of Guinness.  Another time, they tried to charge us a $2 cover to eat dinner.  We ate somewhere else that night, obviously.  

Also, their "bouncer" is completely psycho.  Note to bouncer: This is a college bar.  Penn is not a state school.  You know what that means?  People come here from out of state!  Stop acting like "California" and "Ohio" are fake states that don't grant driver's licenses and let me have a damn drink already.
I cannot believe I've written over 100 reviews without rating one of my favorite bars from my college days.  You can guess from that introduction that my review will probably be favorable!

New deck is certainly a fun place to drink, with things such as quizzo and karaoke on the various nights of the week to keep you occupied.  It is also accommodating, be it for you and a date, or a large group (ask for the room downstairs).  The food won't be a home run, but it will satisfy.  If you want to try it on the cheap, remember the menu is half off after 11 (well Sun-Thurs at least).
I've been here twice.  The first time was during the Chargers-Eagles game. The bartender took my drink and food order quickly and I was quaffing a fine brew and listening to the alky with "State Property" stamped on his jacket drunkenly complain about the Eagles. The bacon and bleu burger was damn tasty, the fries were decent and the side salad was nice.  The bartenders were really good about asking how things were and getting me drinks. 

The second time I came, it was close to midnight during a weekday and I had just put in an extremely long day. All I wanted was a burger and a beer or two before going home. I got seated across from the speakers and some very talkative people. The music was godawful and loud.  I got my first drink and managed to down it before I was 1/2 way through my burger. Unfortunately my server was nowhere to be seen. I was craning my next and swiveling trying to find her. I finished my whole burger and was in need of water and/or a beer to wash out my dry mouth and throat at this point. Finally she came and got me another beer(She managed to have an extended monologue with one of the hot female bartenders while placing my drink order). By this time I just wanted to finish it and pay up. So I got 3/4 of the way through and took out my credit card while I tried to find the waitress. Again, she was no where to be seen. Then she came over and bussed the table next to me and zipped off while I was left fuming with credit card in hand. Finally she came back and mouthed something that looked like "You want your check", since I couldn't hear jackshit near the speaker. As it turned out she asked me if I wanted another beer. So I had to say no I wanted the check, which again took long to arrive. By this time I was feeling surly. 

Good food, good bar service, bad table service.. I"ll be back ONLY to sit at the bar.
This place is not bad for a casual day/night of drinking.

New Deck was the first place I went after I turned 21 (so many years ago), and their deals were pretty good - $2 pints and half-price apps, I think it was. The deals have since switched up a bit but I still like coming here.

I was here yesterday for the game (go Eagles!) and I had a pretty good experience. Our server made sure to seat us where we could get a good view of the screen. The gameday specials are really good - $2 Miller Lite during Sunday NFL games, $2 Bud/Bud Light and wings specials during Eagles games. They also have Phillies specials. 

The food we ordered was just alright - curry fries (good flavor, not so good texture), wings (eh), and my friend had the baked potato soup which I've always been a fan of. In the past, I've ordered the chicken parm and it wasn't that great; marinara sauce was pretty watery.

I'm still a fan of this place even if the food isn't outstanding. The drink specials are usually really good and it's a great place to just hang out with your buddies.
Man, I hate to update my first ROTD, but after going back to New Deck for some post exam burgers and beers, it must be done.

I realize my first mistake was not beginning the food portion of the program on a heavily intoxicated stomach, but still... my burger the last time I went.  So bad.  So so bad.  So so very bad.  Patty like a hockey puck.  Bun like a cardboard pouf.  One of my dining companions commented that her burger may have been the worst burger she'd ever gotten.  Not good, New Deck, not good.  I know the food is sort of just a tool to sop up the booze, but still.  I need to want to eat the food at least a little if it's going to do its job.  Note to the kitchen: time for a new beef supplier and/or a new grill person.
I went here the other night for a friend's birthday get-together. Place was alright. A little too hipster for me, I think the couple at the table next to us were exchanging love notes on napkins or something. Music was ok, though no one was dancing. The table we were seated at was in worse shape than something you could find on a craigslist sidewalk give-away. In the end I can't give a place that has smithwicks (uhh only my favorite beer) on tap anything less than 3 stars sooo yeah, that's what new deck gets. Oh, and we went during some food happy hour, nachos were $3- baller deal.
My suggestion would be to hire friendlier bartenders. The one who served us was NOT pleasant. I'm sure we would have stayed longer if we felt more comfortable but that's probably the first and last time we come to New Deck.
I've been going to this place for post-work hangouts and sendoffs for 3-4 years now and it's just solid for what it is. This is a nice casual spot, perfect for happy hour drinks and semi-rowdy conversations. 

The beers here are probably as cheap as they get in the area, and the $5 happy hour appetizer selections are almost entree-sized. Come here on a weekday after work, order a Yeungling, some quesadillas and nachos and and let the de-stressing begin. If you're still hungry after, their burgers are pretty solid. I've also tried the salmon BLT and cod sandwiches and they were both as expected. 

This isn't, by any means, a fancy restaurant where you take a hot date for some quality time, so if that was your plan, you will surely be disappointed. They make solid food, sell cheap beers, and allow you to be loud and comfortable. There is a downstairs for larger parties (long tables). They're also conveniently located on Penn's campus across the street from the law school
New Deck is a nice go-to bar in the ways that count: beers on draft, pretty decent bar food overall, and surprisingly good prices. 

However, most of the times I've been there, I've had rude service. On one occasion, the bartender dropped the bill in front of me without a word, took my card without a word, and returned it without a word. That's just too casual, if not rude, for me. Not even a "thank you?" 

On a separate visit, my friend asked if they had any Mexican beers, and the server responded, "We are an Irish bar" in a tone that was pretty obviously indicating, "Why would you ask such a stupid question?" In that kind of interaction, I would expect a more apologetic response or a, "No, I'm sorry, but maybe I can recommend X instead?" (Also, New Deck is an Irish bar, sure, but that doesn't mean they couldn't serve Mexican stuff too. In fact, New Deck does offer quesadillas, nachos, and fajitas.)

But while the servers and bartenders could be friendlier, New Deck is still a great little bar with all the essentials: food and beer.
This was my watering hole of choice while in college. Enjoy the complimentary roasted peanuts while you sip a guiness. The menu is pretty decent as well, but very potato heavy. I wonder why? Potatos are not native to Ireland or Europe, fyi. But yeah good grubs, nice clean pub atmosphere. 

HALF PRICE FOOD AFTER 11!!!!!
Pricing isn't bad, food is average.  Staff is borderline abrasive, rude and unhelpful.  The guy manning the front door (checks IDs and sometimes manage seating) does a good job of consistently making it a sour experience.  Whether it's his abrasive comments, general unwillingness to help, or his constant scowl, I question why I come here each time.  He seems generally disinterested in providing any level of customer service.

They have live bands on Friday nights, bands are decent and very accomodating.  However they are turned up loud enough for the whole tavern to hear them and yet the wait staff will put you right next to their speakers so that you can't even hear yourself think.

Servers generally are nice but I have come across some that were not happy serving large groups.  Location is great and it seems that they get enough foot traffic in the area that bad reviews don't do much to change things which is sad because there is so much potential.  Food is very average but that's easily fixable.  Attitudes and etiquette are hard to change if there isn't a demand for it.  If you want to feel like a paying customer...I would avoid this place until they fix things with their wait staff.
Visited post happy hour on a Thursday night.  Good crowd.  Good food and great prices!!! Conveniently located near Drexel/Penn Campus area, this spacious Irish Bar is a great place for groups or couples.
Another hot spot for 20 something early 30s located in University City.  Monday and Wednesday nights are generally quizzo nights which is always a fun time.  Friendly staff and great food selection.  Food is half off starting at 11 PM every night and there are plenty of drink specials to choose from.  Plenty of tables and seats to sit on at the bar but on event nights show up a little before time to guarantee a spot.
The service was very poor. I don't know how many times our waiter came to our table and asked "are you finished ordering?" So he could give us our bill and not have to come back...? How RUDE! The food was not good. We each only got a small appetizer and a beer then decided to head elsewhere based on the bad service. The spinach/artichoke dip was horrid, the potato soup was thick and gloopy and overly salted. Needless to say, we will not be back.
This is a solid place for happy hour. Beers are cheap, and of course there are the awesome fries. You'd be a fool NOT to get them during happy hour! Awesome fries = cheesy, bacony goodness. They do a good job with them. The rest of the apps are OK too, but don't compare. The veggie spring rolls are just alright... the sauce is pretty sweet. But for the price - 4 apps cost less than $20 during happy hour. I also like that this place doesn't have an overwhelming undergrad feel. 

I would give this place 4 stars especially given their awesome fries, but I haven't always had the best service here. I'm not sure if the servers get overwhelmed during happy hour or something. Either way, I'll probably take my chances and be back again because cheap awesome fries are just...well, awesome.
Happy hours vary here, so make sure you check the website and come here on good days. What do good days include? Half off appetizers (except wings as our waiters/waitresses always like to remind us) and $2 well drinks. Appetizers to get: awesome fries (they really are that awesome) and nachos supreme. It's fun to go with a group of friends and then be astonished at how little you have to pay.
ahhh I'm such a fan and have been for the past 3 years.

What could be better than spending your Sunday hungover with your best friend at New Deck Tavern?? Absolutely nothing! We love coming here on Sundays... Not only are the appetizers half off starting at 3pm but the food in general is just to die for. This past sunday I ordered "toast".. which is really the most amazing grilled cheese I ever had with tomatoes... I know you're probably thinking grilled cheese? Is this girl for real? Yes, I'm serious. Best grilled cheese ever. But if you're looking for more of a meal I would definitely recommend the Hickory Burger. I'm drooling just thinking about it!
Kind of cheesy faux Irish pub style... 

but holy shizz the food... the food... absolutely saved my life. 

good for watching sports too GO UCLA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

the cheese fries are f''''''''ing amazing... the wings were pretty darn tasty (not as good as the NYC), and even the salad was phenomenal.

good times.  cozy place.  i dig it.
Love the artichoke dip and burgers. Classic Irish bar and bar food. They always ID no matter your age, so don't expect to get in after 6 or 7 if you are under age without a parent. They also have several giant books with state IDs and international passports to check for fakes.
I've been here for lunch, dinner, and drinking, and all three are great.

New Deck can get very busy during the school year, but when Penn is out it's nice and cozy, and easy to find a table for dinner or a seat at the bar.  Certain nights are better than others, especially if you don't like loud music or Karaoke.

The food is a little more than some other restaurants in the area but that's ok because it's good and the place is nice.  If you order your food after 11PM when it is all half-off you will save lots.

They have a good complete bar, with friendly and well-informed bartenders.  The waitresses (It's probably not an accident that the wait staff is composed almost entirely of attractive females) aren't always quite as knowledgeable, one of them took a while to realize the "Chocolate martini" was in fact right on the menu, and another one didn't know that a "Slow, comfortable screw" was a drink, leading to much awkwardness when my friend requested one.  But other than that they're pretty fast, and friendly.

There are several bars in the area but New Deck is definitely the best one.
By special request - here's my review.  

Standard Irish pub with solid food, great for a quick hiatus from Penn. It's never too busy and service is never lagging, it's just a good place all around.  I've had their turkey burger several times here because it's thick, flavorful and nicely zesty.  Their french fries are excellent - they rival BK fries in my book.  Although I haven't ordered non-lunch fare here, their entrees look well prepared and plentiful.  

This is also very close to my "workplace" so it's a great place to lunch with "colleagues" and "higher ups."  It's so close to the "workplace" that if the "higher up" you are lunching with turns out to be an awkward mess, you don't have to walk very far with them back to the "workplace".

P.S. Don't go here on the weekend - probably worst service EVER.  But because I enjoy the weekdays, I'm leaving the stars as is.
Consistently good food, drinks, and atmosphere.  Can't say I love the place when Penn is in session.  I'm getting a little long in the tooth so hanging out with a bunch of drunk college kids is not my idea of a good time.  Definitely recommend this place during the summer, especially if you get to sit outside on a nice night.
Loved our waitress! She had such a wonderful personality! Now on to the food and my opinion.

Appetizers of course was their AWESOME fries! I am not a fan of bacon (yes I know, crazy right?) and there were basically like loaded fries. Given my opinion on loaded fries, I cannot rate the AWESOME fries fairly. Although, people in my party loved it.

Oh, they also have Curry fries, like what!? Well they were legitamately curry over fries! 

I ordered the fish and chips and the plate scared me! The portions are huge! Well the fish, I had two enormous pieces of fried fish. They were okay, nothing too crazy. The burgers my party had looked amazing I must say. I had a bite and I wished I had ordered an burger instead. 

I will go back to this place, not too shabby!
we keep goin to new deck coz its near to where we live and work and ends up being the nearest to catch a few post work drinks...the beer list is good, their happy hours are cheap but u wont get tables unless u plan to have dinner..and we get carded each time though weve been regulars here... mybe we just look so young...hmmm..the service was alright and we really like the fries here....the grilled sanwiches and burgers turn out pretty well...
****EDITED REVIEW****
In all my years of living in Philadelphia, I have never experienced such terrible service at any establishment in this city.

Firstly, there was a miscommunication regarding a reservation that a member of our party made over email with one of the staff members there the week prior, which really wasn't an issue at all.  These things happen.  

When we walked in, and our reservation could not be found, our party of 6, with an additional 4 people coming to join us, were seated in their downstairs room.  When we got down there, it was quiet as there was no music and we were the only people in there.  So we decided to go back upstairs and ask to be seated at any of the empty tables they had there and asked if we could just push a few together.  

At this point, someone who I assume is the manager or shift manager, came over to push some tables together, but was visibly frustrated with us and extremely rude and nasty.  She was holding on to the fact that there was an issue with the reservation, which we did not care about nor was it mentioned to her at all, we just asked to be seated at a table.  She accused us of being nasty, which was not true because two of us were just standing there on our phones, and another member of our party was just trying to get the tables set up.  She then MOCKED a member of our party, saying "I'm not trying to be rude, but you're over here saying 'mehmehmeh'" - WHO MOCKS A CUSTOMER?! A CUSTOMER WHO IS NOT CAUSING A PROBLEM?!  She then turned to the person who had originally made the reservation, who was quietly standing next to me on the phone, and told her that we were being nasty, to which she replied calmly, "I haven't even said anything".  Before she walked away in a huff, she turned and pointed her finger at us and said "Don't start trouble" - Walking around in some of the worst parts of Philly, I have not been threatened or spoken to like that by anyone, but come into a pub in a beautiful part of town on the UPenn campus, and get threatened for asking to be seated.  No one was being rude to her or her staff, nor was anyone being nasty, complaining, frustrated, or using foul language, they had more than enough space for us and we just asked to be seated at a table for a party of 8-10, which is NOT too much to ask when we are coming in and wanting to spend our money here.  The way that this woman acted toward her patrons was shameful and she continued to speak about us while we were in the restaurant, as one member of our party had to pass her to get outside.    Reading the previous reviews, it's quite clear that we are not the only ones who have experienced a rude staff with an attitude problem, nor are we the first to express an issue with seating.  Its very troubling that these reviews go back years and New Deck clearly hasn't done anything at all to remedy the situation.  This was an overall terrible experience for a group of us who were just trying to celebrate a co-worker's birthday and none of us will be returning.  There will now be at least 8-10 people who will not be recommending any of our co-workers, friends or family waste their time or money here.
***********************************************
In response to the very unhelpful comment from Erin Q below:  Per the first few lines of my review, the problem and reason for this poor review was not because of the miscommunication or misunderstanding regarding the reservation and EXTREMELY unprofessional to post someone's email to your establishment in a public forum, when I am VERY WELL aware of what the email said and what that entire exchange was.  Again, THIS WAS NOT THE PROBLEM.  And your account of what happened is absolutely NOT what happened because while, yes, tables were put together for us, the woman I am referencing in this review was extremely nasty, mocked a member of our party who didn't say or do anything wrong, and pointed at and threatened us.  We are CLEARLY not the first people to complain about the service at this place, as the complaints about the poor service and outright rudeness and complete lack of professionalism by your staff goes back YEARS.  No one in my party said anything rude to or about your staff and the way we were treated was appalling, though what's more appalling is the way you've decided to handle this situation by continuing to harp on the one part of this situation, the reservation debacle, which was NOT a problem, posting an email exchange publicly, refusing to acknowledge that your staff does not have any customer service skills whatsoever, and disregarding the fact that at the end of the day, patrons who walked into your establishment to have a good time and spend our hard earned money were not treated with basic respect.
We feel like we cheated you, with all those happy hour guinnesses, patron margaritas, some crazy scotch thing, food... and you even gave us free celebratory shots for special event for 4! We love you, Paul.... we love you, New Deck. Your awesomely authentic atmosphere, staff, and menu...

We feel like we got an amazing deal for that final tab.

"The worst thing about getting my new fabulous job is that I won't work next to New Deck anymore!"

They're very strict carders, you underage crowd.
New Deck is my go-to local for sport. Its main advantage is that it has lots of screens and will show pretty much any event you request (especially good for soccer).

It's a standard Irish style pub (but with table service). Decent selection of beers and average pub grub. Prices are pretty reasonable and service is generally very good.
I have been here a bunch of times but mostly just for quizzos and an occasional happy hour now and then. 

This apparently is the birthplace of the quizzo in phila, and plays mostly to packed crowds on Monday and Wednesday nights at 10pm. There is a buy-in of a dollar per person, but don't fret too much about that cos the quiz is pretty swanky with 4 rounds with a picture round.

This place does get crowded during quizzo hours so try and get there a bit early. They also have Happy hours and half off meals after 11 pm which might help drown the misery of your defeat. 

Food is below par at best but the service ain't bad,so i suggest that u rather  grab some free roasted peanuts at the  entrance and enjoy some black and tans to leave as a happy camper. 

So riddle me this , riddle me that , if u are not afraid of big black bat ... drop by sometime and scratch ur brains over some pints of beer.

cheers
Against everything in my blood, I really quite like the New Deck and that is undoubtedly down to three things:

1.  Its 2 minutes walk from my Department
2.  The beer is cheap as chips
3.  It has a great selection of bartenders who will treat you really well, particularly when you get to know them.  Stevie and Paddy in particular are great, though I think Stevie is at Slainte more these days.

Free peanuts are always welcome.  And its got to be said, it's one of those bars where you go for a couple and never come out having drunk less than 6.

Its heavenly in the summer when a lot of the students have gone and its pretty good if you want to catch some Football as well, a decent selection of Premiership and even some Championship games.
Weird and unpleasant lowlight of our recent vacation to Philadelphia. After several hours of doing a walking tour around the University City area we spotted this place around 3PM and decided to stop in for a drink and a pause before continuing on. 

The place was basically empty, and a few moments after stepping in we were "acknowledged" by a snotty, arrogant waitress who made it clear she couldn't stand the sight of us. She then proceeded to go out of her way to make it difficult for us to get any information about what the establishment had to offer and to simply place an order for a couple of drinks. 

By allowing the service workers in this place to vent their hostility on customers the management is doing neither these workers nor the business any favors. The workers in the New Deck Tavern desperately need basic training in food/drink service topics including how to interact with customers.
I've been here multiple times and I really like it. It doesn't get 5 stars because there was a server who was significantly rude and dismissive to me and my predominantly Spanish speaking group of friends. However, someone at new deck must have noticed because we quickly got a different waiter who was extra attentive and nice. 

Besides that incident, service is usually good if not just efficient. I've gone here multiple times with a large group without a reservation and they've been able to accommodate us. Sabrina is really sweet. 

This place is great to appease a burger craving. The wings are delicious as well. I wouldn't say the food is the most spectacular ever, but for a fun affordable campus bar, it's yummy enough.
I'm torn. New Deck used to be one of my favorite places to grab a quick bite around campus.

The Good: Meaty, juicy burgers and chicken sandwiches that I would devour over Copa's any day. I'm a sucker for potato bread rolls and fries and New Deck delivers on both counts. The portions are generous so you won't leave hungry, and food also comes out quickly which is always nice.

The Bad: Bar appetizers are hit-or-miss. Skip the fried chicken and hummus platter, go with loaded fries or potato skins instead. The service is hit-or-miss as well. Last time I came, our waiter seemed visibly upset to be serving us. One member in our party came in five minutes later and asked for a glass of water, to which the waiter rolled his eyes and muttered, "it figures" under his breath. Odd.
I called as soon as they opened today @ about 1130 and spoke with Shavon (sp?). I requested a reservation for 8-10 people for 5:10 p.m.  I should have known something wasn't going to go right when it took speaking with two other people prior to having a conversation with the person who could verify a reservation. Again, Shavon is who I confirmed our 5:10 arrival with. I work around the corner and left my office ahead of the rest of my team from work so I would make sure to not be late. I arrived at 5:15 and was told that because we were "late" (someone had written down our reservation for 5:00 instead of my requested 5:10) they had given our table to someone else. The temperature was around 60 degrees outside and the only solution they offered was to sit on the patio. We elected to forgo this option and go around the corner to Mad Mex. We arrive at Mad Mex and the location is closed due to a health code violation. GREAT! So we decide that the best option is to go back and check to see if New Deck has a table for us now. Now it is ~5:25. They seat us outside because that is our only option (and no one else is outside at this point). At least a guy lit a heater for us (that is the only customer service we got while we were here). After we sit down, a dude with Harry Potter ratios comes out 10 minutes later and takes our drink and food orders. It took 45 MINUTES to get six beers, a margarita, and a shot of Jameson. And we only got the drinks after I had to go in and speak with Mike, who said that he would cover our round of drinks and go into the kitchen to put all other orders on hold until our food was done.  At this point my temper is rising. We get our drinks at 6:20. We get our food at 6:40. One of the ladies in our party didn't get her food until after everyone else was done. She got veggie fajitas, so there wasn't even a reasonable explanation such as "they must have had to go kill the cow before making the entree." She actually said that they "must have had to wait for the veggies to grow." Way to go New Deck! So then they have the nerve to give us bills with no comp for the drinks. No comp for anything. Another individual from our party goes in because at this point I am ready to yell at someone. They gave us each 20% off and didn't even address that Mike had promised that he would cover a round of drinks (we only had an opportunity for one round in TWO hours time!) After getting the bills with the 20%, giving our payments to cover the bills, and not even mentioning that our order of Quesadillas with no onions had onions on them, they had the balls to say that they hope we have a better experience on our next visit. In a concise yet friendly tone, I let the waiter know that we would never be back. Shit show from beginning to end. #ZEROSTARSWASNTANOPTION
Was just there. Smelled terrible and a huge roach on the bar right next to me. Great! Never step foot in there again.
Great local college bar to have a burger and excellent fries. I think the food is pretty darn good!

The place is HUGE and there are a lot of tables. Great place to go drink and eat bar food with a bunch of your friends. I would definitely bring friends here. Not a date though.
There is nothing special about bars near colleges and this is true of New Deck Tavern.  It is a standard irish pub to say the least.

The service here is never great which is not surprising since people who come here are mostly college students who want cheap drinks after a long day at classes.  The food here is okay but it is great bar food.

Take advantage of the happy hours, it is worth it.
The negative reviews shock me a bit.  This is a Penn and Drexel staple and it's where I'd recommend bringing out-of-towners who are on a smaller budget.  

The burgers are delicious, fries are good, decent wings, great beer selection, good service, and a great pub feel.  I've been here a ton of times and, even though I live in Old City, I would still go back for Happy Hour and burgers when I'm on campus.  

I never, ever felt the place was "hipster" as one of the other posters stated...it's full of college kids!  If you associate college kids with being hipster then I'd avoid it.  You're going to a pub in a college area of the city, you should know what you're getting into!

Recommended.
The New Deck is exactly what you think it is.  Bar food and a fair amount of beers.  It's not very pricey, but there's no glam to it.  It's a big place, but it fills up quickly.  I know they host a large Quizo crowd, though I've never participated here.  It's a reliably consistent place, but no different from any other place that claims to be an Irish pub.
Gets five stars because this is my favorite local hangout bar AND it's only 1/2 a block away from my house.

The food is pretty greasy but that's expected.  The cheese fries are sinfully good...fried potatoes, tons of cheese, bacon, ranch dressing...what's not to love?!  I try to limit my in take of these to about once a month.

Beer is beer.  But here it's cheap!  That's the important thing.  Sometimes they even have Guiness for $3 a pint!  That's a steal!

Free peanuts!!!!!  FREE.  

Quizo!  Love playing quizo here.  Eventually my team may actually win, or at least I hope so!
as much as i say i dislike new deck, i find myself here more often than not.
but i swear, there's a reason for this!
it's within walking distance from work, so it's easy to round up the troops at midnight and head over. 
they've got a decent selection of beer on tap, and half off food for happy hour 11p-1a or something like that.  which is great, because i am in love with their awesome cheese fries.  and yes, they are quite awesome.  covered in cheese and bacon bits...with a side of ranch dipping sauce....it's a heart attack served up on a plate.
but yeah, that's pretty much the only edible thing there.  and most nights, they have some activity...either quizzo, or live musicians, or karaoke (and some of it can get pretty darn bad).
i just want my post-work beer and fries.
Not packing lunch leaves me at places like this when it's too dismal and rainy and cold to make the trek to SweetGreen, my go-to.  I didn't love nor hate it...it just was.  I would probably still visit back though IMHO, especially for happy hour and especially with friends and especially if I'm just absolutely craving fried food and cold pints.  Reminds me a LOT like Black Sheep: super homey and comfortable and Irish, with cute legit Irish bartenders to boot.

Sat at the bar and got a classic (and also my favorite): fish and chips.  It came out in less than like five minutes through the adorable mini swinging door where the back of the bar meets the kitchen, two massive pieces of golden fried fish atop a family size portion of crunchy french fries, and two plastic cups of tartar sauce and coleslaw, respectively.  The welcoming dig-in presentation is where the appeal stopped short, though.  I will say the fries were cut thin enough and fried just long enough to be pretty perfect.  But the fish was mostly breading, and very oily.  Tartar sauce was great, though.

Also - side note - while the bar stools were adorably embroidered, they hurt my ass almost immediately, and so trying to get comfortable on them was damn near impossible.

Certainly better places in the city to get a good fish and chips platter (St. Stephen's Green, etc.), but something about this place is beckoning me to return.  Perhaps I will.
Decent burgers and beers. Great prices. You can get a very filling specialty burger with fries meal for less than $10 here.

There's nothing particularly awesome or unique about any of the dishes New Deck offers. Everything is pretty standard for a bar/tavern style restaurant, and I'm not going to suggest any particular entree because I don't think any one dish is noticeably "better" than the rest.

If you can, definitely come here for Happy Hour. Being able to get certain appetizers for $5 is definitely worth it. If you don't know what you want to try, give the Awesome Fries a chance. The plate is gigantic and could probably be used as a starter for as many as 6 people. I suggest going for an intense work out after you eat the fries though. Just thinking about the sheer amount of delicious cheese and bacon crumbles on the oily fries makes me worried for everyone's future health.

Personally, I feel that New Deck epitomizes the typical college bar/pub style restaurant. I don't go there all the time because I don't think it's that special, but I'm glad that it's available on campus for when I do want a good beer and burger meal.
Hit up New Deck to drink and play Quizzo*, not to eat.

Not sure I believe that New Deck provides "a little bit of Ireland in University City" (is that quote from their menu?) but this relaxing spot DOES offer decent tavern grub, good drink specials, and Quizzo Wednesday nights.

Their menu is moderately priced. Burgers are okay, but whatever you do, DON'T get their boneless buffalo wings - they're as gross as they are unnatural. Their (pretty big) tavern burger isn't a bad meal. I usually just go for drinks, and so do others - this place gets crowded (though it's a sausage fest more often than I'd like). In recent memory, our bartender (Patrick) was cool, making both Irish car bombs and Jagerbombs for us on a Wednesday night. Our waitress (Jackie) was friendly too. Cheap shots, last I checked.

* Quizzo is a participatory quiz game where an MC asks teams questions. The team who can find the answers quickest using their cell phones wins! (Actually no, but that happens a lot.)
What a great surprise.  First time in Philadelphia so I figured Philly Cheesesteak but not so much.  Walked in the door and was immediately greeted but a bunch of college age employees that were over the top nice and a pleasant surprise.  

The inside is a typical sports bar themed place so I was expecting sports bar quality food.  

I opted for the Mountain salad and couldn't have been more than pleased with the quality of food.  More than a sports bar. 

I was surprised to see the employees singing to the music and appeared to truly like their jobs...a breath of fresh air for sure.  

Food was a little more than expensive than a sports bar should ask but the quality was worth the extra couple of bucks. 

Nicely done New Deck.
I came here with a friend for dinner on Sunday night. Ordered the nachos and they were basically what I used to make after middle school in the microwave..or after a late night drunk in college. 

The cheese was poor quality and not spread evenly over the chips. The toppings didn't look fresh. The chips were on the verge of stale. The salsa was whatever. While I agree that this is probably not their specialty food, if you're going to put it on the menu, I'd expect more. At $8.75 for the plate, I'd save my money for a few blocks down at Landmark or next door at Mad Mex. 

At least I had $2 Miller Lites to wash it down.
Standard Irish pub with generic bar food. It's a pretty large space so it was easy to have a conversation with friends we were meeting. They don't serve brunch, which I was slightly disappointed by. 

They have pretty good fries and the chili was decent but nothing to write home about. The bbq chopped chicken salad was good but Panera probably is better.
New Deck remained a UCity staple for me until my final Philly days. The place is always dependable for a good burger, fries and draft beer. Plus those peanuts you get while waiting for a table--delicious, although it does turn New Deck into a peanut allergy sufferer's nightmare come to life. Decor is a tavern, and ambiance is fitting. Noisy, busy, dim and almost intimate.

Claims to be the home of Quizzo (here, every Monday and Wednesday night at 10pm), but I'm sure there's controversy about this. It's always fun, but don't expect to ever win. Not only are there those high school quiz bowl nerds that come here to relive their "glory" days, but with iPhones sprouting like alfalfa sprouts, cheaters abound. Come to New Deck to spend happy hour and eat good burgers with friends, especially if you're in the University City area.
ATTITUDE PROBLEM!
I have been here a couple of times mostly for sports games. Got there a bit early for the world cup final and asked the hostess if the volume could be turned on for the game. Well, the game started and still no volume. I kindly went up to her again and asked if the volume could be turned up a bit. She looked at me, cocked her head, and said "um I think the bar does that". Not the right answer....
I also witnessed a server holler at the hostess from across the restaurant about a couple of foreign patrons that sat at a 6-top that "should be moved". In addition, the hostess spoke to my server in the middle of the restaurant and told him, quite loudly, "I need to get out of here. This is ridiculous" (or something along those lines).
Granted, my server was a sweetheart and I have not had any other major problems... the food is good, the drinks are moderately inexpensive. Ive also been in the service industry for 5 years so I know how things can get... however there is a time and a place and it is NOT IN FRONT OF YOUR CUSTOMERS. 

Fix that, New Deck.
I've been to New Deck many times with friends and have always had a good experiences here with regards to their food and beer selection.  They have a nice variety of appetizers that always come out pretty fast and their burgers are always really good, which i recommend and gravitate to when i can't decide what to eat.  happy hours bring us here often as you can't beat their 1$ off select draft beers and $5 appetizers.  Even though their awesome cheese fries are pretty awesome and not part of their HH appetizer list, i would recommend getting them.  so why the 2 star?  they recently added new items to their restaurant which i didn't particularly enjoy.  as usual, my friends and I were seated downstairs because of our larger party size.  My friend kept looking behind my shoulder, which i found odd because i was sitting with my back to the corner.  I then found out he had spotted a COCKROACH behind me walking around.  yikes!  my friend reached over and killed it.  ok....carry on.  few mins later, he was looking over my shoulder again and told me not to move.  there was another COCKROACH peeking over the ledge.  If i had leaned back another inch or two, it would've probably crawled on me.  again, my friend reached over and killed it and then brought it to the attention of one of the staff.  They apologized and assured us they would do something about it.  As we finished our meal, we found three more COCKROACHES by the window sill, a total of 5 during our 2 hours there.  As much as I love their food and HH's, i'm hesitant to come back until they remove this recent addition to their restaurant.  4 stars for food and happy hour, service is hit or miss and brings it down to a 3 stars, 2 stars because of the COCKROACHES.  not a one star, because their food is still good.....
it's fun if you go with a bunch of friends, and only certain foods are acceptable.  i like the nachos and awesome fries.  it's definitely a college crowd, beer drinkers hangout.  quizo is fun.
New Deck has good service and ambiance, and the prices aren't shabby for the amount of food you're ordering. I ordered the New Deck Burger, and the meat was juicy and delicious, cooked to the medium well I asked for. The fries were nice and crispy (but soft and potato-y inside) - and the quesadillas seemed quite large given their price.
The food was good, not amazing or something I'd die to come back for.
best place!  get the amazing fries and a pint of your beer.  you will have the best meal of your life.
So now that I'm living off campus I have really begun to miss my New Deck happy hour specials! I used to come here like at least once or twice a week for happy hour and not only are the dicounts awesome but the food is great too! If you are a first timer at New Deck you have to try the loaded potato skins and buffalo wings becasue they are absolutely AMAZING! It is always crowded at happy hour but never uncomfortably so and there is almost never a wait. Living in Delco I don't get here very much any more so drink and eat plentifully and think of me while doing so!
Great food, and its half off after 11 i think?  Good place to drink too, but it gets a minus 1 star because of certain packed nights with bad karaoke performances that makes me want to spontaniously combust.
First off, the Awesome Fries are awesome and deserve 4.5 stars. However, the rest of the meal was average, so I could not see myself rating a place solely on one appetizer. 

But, if you like fries, the Awesome Fries is a huge platter that can easily serve a group of 4-5 who want to munch on this goodness. The fries are amazingly crispy, loaded with cheese and bacon bits.

It's your typical bar atmosphere, slightly on the noisy side and dimly lit. Our server was very nice, and extremely patient with us.

I ordered the Buffalo Chicken sandwich. It was decent. Nothing spectacular though. My wife got the Swiss Chicken, also decent but nothing spectacular.

I think back in my collage days I would have loved hitting this place up in the late night for some beer and appetizers.

For dinner, it's okay and does the trick, if you want something fast and moderately priced. But don't expect nothing more than your standard bar food, with the exception of their Awesome Fries.
Its a recycled story... 

Your friend comes over unannounced and tells you she's had an abortion. You tell her your "Sorry". She says "What for?". 

Irish bars are what they are. 

Walking in and out of this place made me so fucking tired.
So I went to this place on a random-ass date a while ago, and while the guy sucked, the food was awesome.  It's a pretty typical Irish pub, with great bar food, good service, and cool atmosphere.  It's perfect when you just wanna get some beer and some fried foods and go somewhere that feels a little less hectic than what the city usually has to offer.
Not a bad little pub in the middle of University City. Typical mix of college kids and business travelers.  Was nice until a pushy karaoke DJ started slamming song books down on the table banging into food and drink.  Server was a gum chomper who could care less.  Karaoke music was played at rock band decibel levels.

Still, they had Guinness on tap and a great Reuben sandwich.  Three stars.
I've always found New Deck very overrated.

On one hand, the food is as good as any on Sansom Street, and cheap too. The drinks are cheap as well, though it's much more of a beer house.

What I don't like about New Deck is it's crowded, loud nature. Just when you think a college bar can be a little fun, without big screen TVs and cheese sauce on everything... the meatheads discover New Deck, and it becomes a place of spilled lager, stepped on shoes, crappy jam bands, and yelling, "What's your name again?"

A little crowd control and quality control, and New Deck could be a neighborhood bar instead of a University City magnet.
very disappointed in this U of Penn institution.  we went for lunch when we were in Philly for a friend's wedding and came here for lunch and a beer (in my case hard cider).  

the meal started off well enough with what i would call a much better than average onion soup, but it went down hill from there (way down hill).  my fish and chips... well, in retrospect, i really should have sent them back.  i literally got about 4 silver dollar-sized breaded filets.  shocking portions.  and not that tasty to boot.  

someone in or group got the cheesesteak and i had a bite and the quality and flavor of the meat really was on the level of the frozen steak-ums you can buy in the supermaket.  really bad.  another friend had the chicken cheesesteak and that was a little better, but by then this place had lost me...

i'm being kind, really, to give 2 stars rather than one, but i have to give them credit for the good cider on tap and the onion soup.  and i blame myself a little for not just sending back my order when i was unhappy with the portion size.

enter with caution.
Awesome bartenders.  Awesome Irish pub atmosphere.  Awesome Irish-American food.  AWESOME CHEESE FRIES.

They have two or three bartenders (including Paul, who is the man, and served me my first legal beer the night I turned 21) that have been working there for many years, and they are probably the best bartenders I've ever been served by.  I find myself tipping them outrageously. Several of the servers (also including Paul) are real Irish people with irish accents, which is just, well, awesome.

Don't leave New Deck without ordering food.  Even if you are just having drinks at the bar, get the Awesome Cheese Fries.  They are aptly named, and come in ample supply.  The baked potato soup is as good as it gets.  Their burgers are also notable.  I've never had bar food or dinner that wasn't very, very good.  And I've been there 25-30 times.

If I could describe New Deck in one word...
Nestled between some UPenn buildings somewhere in University City, I have no clue how I ended up here but I'm not complaining.

The size is pretty deceiving at first being that the downstairs is a bit hidden. This is your basic Irish pub with tap & good appetizers. There is a happy hour which makes the prices very reasonable and definitely worth it. 

Typically, there is a bit of a wait and sometimes it takes a little while to be seated or get service. Overall, I've had much worse. 

I've had a couple meals here and the food is pretty tasty. The french fries are some of the best around! Definitely a good place to go out for beer and appetizers.
Cheap beer: yes.  Multiple televisions playing multiple sports: yep.  Cheesy Irish themed decor: check.  Perfectly adequate burgers and the like: yup.  Lots of undergraduates: sigh.

This is a good place to go after work with your friends for a couple of cheap beers during happy hour.  You can watch the football match (soccer) or rugby, or American football, or baseball.  Sometimes there is live music and you may have to make a calculation as to whether it is worth the cheap beer to have to listen to it.  Hey, at least it isn't Karaoke.
New Deck is an old favorite. I no longer have the liver of a college student but am happy to visit ND for a bite to eat and a few pops with the family (when visiting from out of town). Prompt and friendly service is a plus. Food isn't going to change the world but it's solid to a bit above average! Fries are hot and tasty.
This is the best bar in U-Penn.  Its funny to see all the wanna be bar/restaurants on the street.  New Deck is THE bar to go to.  Great specials, and things are thought through.
I had a very good time with the bartenders, in with little company, they are quick to start up a conversation.
Great job folks.
Quizzo is popular here at nights... I tend to avoid those days unless friends drag me out to be a part of the team, and getting part of your bar tab covered is always nice if you win.

Peanuts near the North Door, and seating that can be a bit crowded, but the food rarely served to disappoint.  Burgers, shepherd's pie, fries, and fish sandwiches are all good, but the pastas tend to disappoint, and the Caesar salad with dry chicken was unappetizing.  The French onion soup was done quite well here, though.

Downstairs, a bit quieter, but certainly the same crowded seating. If you're larger than normal, you will be pressed against someone else.

Decent selection of draft beers and usually helpful staff make this a pleasant place to drop in and relax after work.

Stairs on either side for entry, though. Not very helpful for the handicapped or very tired.
Maybe I'm hard to please.  To me NDT is just an average pub.  Last time I went here I refereed to it as a poor man's kildares (which to me makes it  better).  They do tend to have some decent specials ($2 domestic drafts) and the food is pretty good for pub fare.  It gets three stars because I would not go out of my way to go to NDT, but have no problem with it if I'm in the area.

On the plus side- I saw the best karaoke performance ever at NDT.
While New Deck is a fixture on campus, I've only been here a handful of times. ND is your standard Irish pub (dim lighting, ornate wooden bar, etc.), with a menu commensurate with such an aesthetic. All of the apps you would expect to find are here, along with the big array of hot sandwiches and burgers, and pub specialties, like fish & chips. 

I recently stopped in for an early lunch, mostly because they were the only place in the row of restaurants on Sansom that would seat us at 11am. While the service was not particularly spectacular, and I think we may have changed waitresses mid-meal, it was efficient enough. 

I actually really enjoyed my meal, the buffalo chicken sandwich. It was a large chicken breast on a kaiser smothered in wing sauce and maytag blue crumbles, with a stack of lettuce, tomato, and onion to add some textural freshness. And it was flanked by a side of very crispy fries. 

All in all, while I wouldn't go rushing back here, nor would I object to coming back if someone suggested it.
I just don't get the hype about this place. As far as I can tell, the food and drinks aren't anything spectacular [especially for the price]. It's usually pretty busy in here, though -- but that can be to your disadvantage. I've definitely lost the politeness of my waiter [or any form of "good service"] to a crowd a couple of times now. The atmosphere isn't anything special, and unless you're there on one of the nights when they're having specials [which will undoubtedly be crowded], I don't see why you'd go here.
God, this review is painful.

I once loved the New Deck Tavern.  But she broke my heart, and that damage can never be repaired.

New Deck is a great bar.  Good scene, good crowd, good music, TVs, good beer selection.  Great food, half off after 11!  We went there so often we had acronyms for everything on the menu.  "So, you goin NDC with the FOS?  I'm thinkin HB, with a side of AF, maybe even spring for BPS if I'm still hungry"

Sadly....New Deck took it all away.  The greatest drink special on earth was yanked out from under us.  $2 u-call-it Thursday nights was perfect for a nice, relaxed Thursday, and 2-for-1 Tuesdays was always a good time.  Then they cut the length of the specials, first to 9-1, then 10-12.  Then they took them away completely.  I remember vividly the day someone came to me at the Bongo and told me New Deck's specials were gone.  I think I cried that night.  I'm not sure.

You've done me wrong, New Deck.  Squirrel Master, Paul, all the rest...you'll never see my shining face again (and not just because I moved across the country).
New Deck is easily one of my favorite places in "University City" (West Philadelphia), and probably my favorite bar in the area. Thanks to a very strict policy of carding everyone, regardless of how old they appear, New Deck is pleasantly absent of the normal University City undergrad crowd, and that is a VERY good thing. I have personally seen well over 20 people get turned away for showing fakes, or for having sketchy looking id's, and this commitment to keeping kids out shows in the bar's exceptional atmosphere. New Deck has a very authentic pub feel to it, and it doesn't hurt that most of the bartenders are natives of Ireland (my favorite is from the same county as my family). While it can get loud at times, as any bar can from time to time, it is mostly laid back and is a very great place to have a conversation without having to yell at the person you are speaking with. A matter of fact, I took my fiancee here on our first date five years ago and we have been coming back at least once a month since then.

The drink prices are fairly standard for the area, however they definitely pour heavy handed when it comes to liquor orders and that is always a plus when you are trying to drink on a budget. I would even go as far as to say they give about 50% more than most places when it comes to their drinks "on the rocks". Food prices are very reasonable, and the serving sizes are very generous, plus the quality is exceptional. As a prior reviewer has stated, the awesome fries really are awesome, and you can never go wrong with ordering one of their burgers for an entree. For those of you not interested in burgers let me give you a big tip, the "Ashford Castle Alfredo" is to die for and there will probably be enough to take home for a small meal later (especially if you, or your group, decide to start with the "Awesome fries").

There is definitely no shortage of options when it comes to drinking holes in this area, but if you are someone who enjoys relaxing with friends in comfort over a reasonably priced meal and beverage, without having to deal with obnoxious drunks, New Deck is undoubtedly the place for you.
New Deck is pretty good!

I came here with a friend, surprisingly, for the first time -- even though New Deck sits basically on Penn's campus in University City. I ordered the chicken tender club, which came with a side of hot, crispy fries. The chicken was covered in just the right amount of batter and overall made for a solid sandwich. The bread was surprisingly soft (in a good way). My friend got the flaky cod, which looked like a pretty big portion. Prices are decent (not super cheap, but not too expensive as well). 

Service was friendly and pretty fast, even though there seemed to be a good number of people seated at the time I was there. 

Overall, a good place to grab a bite -- need to come back to check out their drink specials some other time!
Well, I've been here a few times now, and the best I can say is "serviceable" It's a decent, no frills attached Irish pub, with some decent beer but it seems to fall in between "dive bar" and "high end bar". I've tried assorted snack items (nachos, spinach dip, onion rings ) that were ok, but their Reuben sandwich was one of the worst I've ever had. Their prices, while not bad, haven't been worth what I've been paying. It certainly isn't the worst place to hang out, and I do enjoy going when I do, but I tend not to rush back.

It's strange, since I'm a big fan of their sister restaurant, Slainte, and maybe that's nostalgia since I'm there far more often.
only thing i really love about this place is the karaoke and the Awesome Fries. the Awesome Fries are a.w.e.s.o.m.eeeeeeeeeeee. otherwise, its just a typical bar to hang out at that's also a good time.
Toot, Chap and I were going to see a show at the World Cafe Live Sunday night so we walked a few blocks over to the New Deck for a change of pace. It was around 5:30 pm and the place was far from crowded. We sat at the bar and drank a few Dog Fishers or Fisher Dogs, I can't remember, but they were tasty! Toot and I got some Fish and Chips and we both agreed=delicious! The fish had a nice crisp coating and was real moist without being greasy. The Chips were really just Steak Fries but were perfect! Chap grabbed a burger and said it was OK but he got regular fries and was jealous of our "Chips". The bartkeeps were attentive as well they should be with only 4 other people sitting at the bar. We watched the Giants-Washington (I refuse to call them by their name as it's totally offensive ) game and it was a little weird because Chap is a huge Giants fan and when they made a big play he'd be shouting and clapping but the rest of the bar was silent. We drew some looks but f' em if they can't take a joke. All in all we liked the place and will probably return before the next show. Two beers and a Bacardi & diet for around $11, great "pub ambiance", football, great chow, what's not to like?
This is a really cozy place. Sat at the bar, and ordered food and Irish beers. Good prices, nice atmosphere and friendly bartenders as well as a nice crowd. Will definitely be back!
I'll go for Quizo on Wednesday nights but the drinks are overpriced, the mediocre service comes with too much attitude, and the frattiest Penn undergrads can be a little obnoxious. They do have half-priced food after 11, which is great.
It's solid. I don't really understand why some of these reviews are so scathing. If you're looking for a pubby place to drink in UCity, this is a good spot. Wings, burgers, and fries, what else could you need? Close to like 30 beers on tap too. I recommend their New Deck burger: bacon, mushrooms, and tons of cheese.
A great place to run into flight attendants and pilots during happy hour. This place is awesome and it's becoming a regular hang out of flight crews when they have a philly layover. They have cheap drinks and cheap food!  If you order your food after 11pm, everything in the menu is half off !
This place is deemed the law school bar so my friends and I have been here many many many times.  It's a decent bar and it has QUIZZO!  There is seating downstairs and it's always crowded for lunch, dinner or late night.  There is a big thing in front that has free roasted peanuts in the shells and there is a bouncer at night who checks IDs.  There are always native Irish waitresses here which is cool.  My bf loves the cobb salad, which I think is just ok.  The french onion soup is terrible but shame on me for ordering that at an Irish pub.  The burgers are ok, so if you're craving one bad, it will do the trick.  They don't serve the kind of fries I like but some people absolutely adore their curry fries.  The fries are medium size and they seem triple-fried (I don't like when the fry is just all fried "skin" than a nice balance of crispy outside and soft hot potato on the inside).  The bbq chicken salad is very good but prob 2000 calories.  My friend likes the shepard's pie here but I haven't personally tried it.

The happy hour specials are awesome (1/2-price appetizers and drink specials) on the weekdays and after 11pm, everything on the menu is 1/2 off.  The pasta and nachos are ok and the chicken tenders and artichoke dip are yummy.  Decent place to grab appetizers and beers (Guinnes on tap!  yay!) but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
Good: Food.

Bad: Service- the waitress transferred us because she had to leave and the new girl forgot about us because we technically weren't her table, the waitress would forget to bring out drinks or just took her time getting them to the table, she had trouble timing our appetizers and meals; my friend had a bad beer.. i mean how old are your beers?

This is the place you go if you want to get trashed with your friends at night, or where you go if you're craving some good food while being trashed.

I would not recommend this during the day or if you're not a drinker.
New Deck is a comfy casual spot near campus with decent food and beer. I mostly go for their happy hour to get $5 appetizers and $1 off beer. Some of the appetizers offered are chicken quesadillas, cheese (awesome) fries, nachos, and chicken tenders. The food isn't stellar, but it's not bad for a quick bite and a drink after work. Mostly not a huge fan of this place because the service has been pretty awful the past 3 times I've come here. The bartender is friendly but not the most attentive guy - we tried signaling for a refill for a good 10 minutes before deciding to pay the bill and leave. Another time, our server mixed up our quesadillas for nachos and also brought us the full price regular fries instead of the $5 awesome fries we'd ordered - didn't even apologize. Needless to say, not the biggest fan, but it is a convenient and fairly cheap place for a quick get together.
good irish beer selection. great wings. even better chicken tenders. 

and they have smithwicks. yum!

awesome place to hang out with you friends and coworkers. 

its close to my work; i really cant complain.
This is my second home. The place where I went on my 1st day in Philly. 
Love their Tequila shots with red bull and miss the happy hour burgers. 

Super awesome fresh burgers, Good ambiance, TV, games, lot of people around you having a great time.
Classic Irish Pub-styled restaurant with College-Town stylings.

New Deck is a nice place to go down to, smack between two of Philadelphia's big-3 universities, on a Saturday night to grab a bite to eat. The food is pretty much as classic as it gets, with the staples covered (stews, boxtys, pies, etc.) and a few items that are a bit off the beaten path as well.

One of my favorites is the fish & chips platter, since it comes with a good helping of 4 large battered pieces of cod and a good helping of actual chips, not just french fries as most eateries in the US tend to do. The batter is good, without being too heavy, and the chips are hearty cuts and cooked well too.

Do note that as the hours get later, it can be very hard to get a table, and it also can become age-restricted entry to prevent the local college kids from trying to pull a fast one. 

In any case, the servers are all great guys and gals, and I've heard from a friend who used to work there that the kitchens and inside of the restaurant are always kept spotless and squeaky clean, which is great to hear!

TLDR: Classic Irish Bar, Good food, Nice ambiance
I used to go here frequently for lunch, until my office building moved 4 blocks away and it became inconvenient to go. But I used to really enjoy it. They've got great burgers, fries, french onion soup, salads, etc.

My work pal and I used to request this adorable waitress named Sam. I doubt she still works there.
