This hole-in-the-wall near Broad and Snyder in South Philly is famous for its filet mignon sandwich.  This is another one of Philly's incredibly diverse sandwich offerings.  I tried one on a Kaiser roll and found it tasty.  I did not find it quite as delicious or as large as the filet mignon sandwich I raved about at a similarly named (but unrelated) place in Paoli, but still it's a sandwich hard not to like.  You can eat-in or take-out but if you want to add to your sandwich, def order it to-go as there are minimal condiments on offer at this shop.
I stumbled upon Nick's when I was still living in True South Philly (below Tasker) . I was riding my bike up 13th one day and I smelled the most wonderful aroma of chicken on the grill. My nose brought me to Nick's steps and I pretty much pressed my face on the glass before I instantly decided to go inside. I ordered some bbq wings just to try them out along with a side of fries. I anxiously went back to my apartment and opened the bag and whoa momma  did it still smell wonderful. Each bite of the chicken was just filled with flavor and the fries were just right.  Nick's is great for just a little extra for lunch and I highly recommend it.

However, opt to pick up your food rather than have it delivered, as it seems to take forever and you risk getting a cold meal instead of the masterpiece it should be.
I stumbled upon this place during one of my lunchtime walks in South Philadelphia. The sign said they specialize in Filet Mignon sandwiches- I was sold. I tried the quintessential Nicks sandwich- "Nicks Special" Filet Mignon Char-broiled with Sauteed Spinach and Provolone Cheese. Yum!! The Filet was prepared well-done and was piled on the sandwich. The cheese was melted and stringy and the spinach had excellent flavor. The combo made for a very delicious sandwich. The sandwich comes alone, but you can also make it into a platter with fries and coleslaw. There is only 7 seats in the small dining area. I would suggest you get your order to-go. The people who work here were super friendly and welcoming. My food was ordered and I was rung up and out the door in 5 minutes. Very quick, great service! I will definitely be back again.
First, I'll say that I want to give this place a second chance. But I'm very hesitant.

Last night was the first time that my husband and I ordered from Nick's, but we've always thought the prices were pretty reasonable and how bad could it really be? I wish I read comments on yelp first (rather than just judging by how many stars it had). I ordered the boneless rib sandwich, expecting from a "BBQ Pit" to get rib meat right off the bone in a sandwich. I was so excited for rib meat, because I was craving it last night -- I didn't get ribs because we are on a tight budget. 

Unfortunately, when we got home and I unwrapped my sandwich, I was extremely disappointed to find four processed-meat McRib patties. This is good if you're hungry and don't care about eating processed meats because it is a good price... But I would expect to get real whole meat from a place that sells itself as a BBQ pit. It casts a shadow over my impression of the rest of the menu, despite reviews. The meat sat like a rock in my stomach, and I regretted eating just over half -- I gave the rest to my husband because I was so sad I was eating it. He got a chicken sandwich for himself and seemed to enjoy it (it was a whole piece of chicken breast). I didn't get a chance to taste it for myself.

I really wish we went to Dave's BBQ instead, over on Columbus, even if it is more expensive. We also tossed around splitting something from Percy Street BBQ on South Street. 

I will say that the broccoli bites that we also got were pretty good, nice and cheesy.
Nick's Charcoal Pit is saved in my phone.  This place is a great find.  Im in love.  I wish I lived closer to this place.  I know now to just keep that menu in my car and phone ahead my order since it's a small, popular place and they grill everything to order.  Oh, but it's worth the wait.

Nick's Special filet mignon sandwich with cheese and spinach is divine and probably feeds two adults if they are not two pig adults like me.  The grilled chicken with bacon and smoky cheddar is delicious. I'll get back to you after Ive been there a few more times and reminisce about all the other food-gasms I have.  

My only suggestion here is maybe have that menu as a bigger image on yelp.

SO GOOD.
Nick's Charcoal Pit is OK.  There is nothing particularly overwhelming or underwhelming about this establishment...except for the hot wings(underwhelming).  Now it is relevant to say I've only tried the ribs and the hot wings.  Many of these reviews focus on their sandwiches and perhaps I should have gone with one of them. 

Anyhow, the wings were really small with a very OK sauce and they make you pay 50 cents for your own bleu cheese and don't come with any carrots or celery and that's that.  If you've had Moriarty's hot wings and still think that these are the best wings in Philadelphia then I just don't know what to do.

The ribs are OK.  Their sauce is good, but it doesn't help Nick's differentiate itself from other rib places in the city.  There's nothing particularly unique or creative about it.  They don't have a ton of meat on them but they have enough to satisfy your craving for ribs if you are in the area.

Based on the high reviews for the sandwiches, I will return to try them the next time I am in the area.
Nick's Special Sandwich is a must try...Filet with spinach. The wings are delicious and spicy. Ribs are good too. Can be a little expensive for a take out joint.
2021

My girls and I were in Philly for the weekend and decided to come here to grab a quick bite to eat. I ordered the chicken tenders and fries along with a hot dog. The hot dog was really good but it was so tiny. Before you knew it, I was finished with it in like 2 seconds. lol. My chicken tenders were regular. I honestly should've gotten a burger. I will try that next time. Overall, my food was OK.
I'm almost hesitant to review Nick's because I don't want them to blow up - but it's too good not to share with others, and I want these guys to shine.

To start, all of their sandwiches are served on Sarcone's kaiser or long rolls.  They're already on a roll......(bad joke, I know).   You can choose from any number of meats on a sandwich, order some ribs, wings, fries, etc.  I decided to branch out a bit when I saw they were serving a swordfish sandwich for a mere $6.75.  

The lady who took our order over the phone was incredibly nice, and when I inquired as to what "Nick's Special Sauce" was like, she confidently replied, "You'll love it."  

And that I did.  The swordfish was surprisingly fresh and delicious, served on the kaiser roll.  And the Special Sauce?  It's the kind of sauce that complements any kind of Mediterranean seafood dish well - olive oil, lemon, garlic, and plenty of spices.  My boyfriend ordered the country chicken sandwich (chicken, bacon, provolone, honey mustard) on a long roll, which was definitely enough for two meals.

I think we'll definitely be ordering some of the ribs for future baseball or football parties.  I don't know who you are Nick, but your food rules.
I was a major fan for this restaurant, near my house in South Philly, great prices, good food, fast delivery UNTIL the owner/manager or whomever manages this place screwed me over. I ordered through Grubhub on Saturday, 5/21/16 and my total was $30 something and I thought that I selected to pay cash on the app but instead it charged my debit card but when the delivery driver came I gave him the total amount for the order and a $5 tip. 

On Monday, 5/23/16 or Tuesday, 5/24/16, I was just reviewing my bank account and I noticed that I was charged for my order. I immediately called Grubhub and they said that they would dispute the charges and would get back to me. Another day or two later, I made a call to Grubhub and they informed me that the restaurant had disputed my claim stating that why would I wait three days to notice this? Pretty much Nick's Charcoal Pit did not believe me and thought I was pulling a scam on them. May I tell you, I have been ordering from this place for over 5 years. 

I called Nick's Charcoal Pit and left a voicemail requesting to be called back. I informed them that I paid twice for an order for $30 something. I told them that I don't check my account everyday, I'm not rich but a $30+ order will not clear out my checking out. I never got a call from anyone in that restaurant, I repeated my phone number twice on the voicemail so that's no excuse. As a business, you have a responsibility to your customers and to be fair. You profited from me one last time. You could have had continuous business from me because I really did love your food but that's all gone. Treat your customers better because they are the ones that keeps your door open.

Thank you!
Dave
Ok so the love affair started 2 years ago when I moved into the neighborhood.  Unassuming facade, neon pig (although famous for its chicken in my book) and friendly girl inside that seems to work their allllll the time.  When I first walked by this joint the delivery guy hustled me down cause I glanced at the menu...the delivery guy.  I took a menu under his advisement and forgot about it in my "junk drawer" at home.  A few weeks later I went for it.  The " Country Chicken" was sooo tasty with honey mustard, melted cheese, bacon, and charcoal grilled chicken that just makes your mouth go numb cause your saliva glands are working overtime.  this all goes on a kaiser bun or a sarcone's seeded roll.  The only other thing worth trying is a simple "buffalo chicken".  chicken fingers, provolone, blue cheese dressing,  and hot sauce.  makes me want to have a food baby every time.  Don't succumb to the delivery every time cause if you get too fat and lazy not to get up and get your own sandwich your wife will probably leave you.
I am from Los Angeles and had the misfortune of being stuck in Philadelphia for two years. While there I stumbled across this little place by accident after a night of drinking. It was one of the best discoveries I made in Philadelphia! Even since I moved back to Dallas and LA; this is a "must do" spot to eat at every time I return. 

I brought friends with me this time from Texas! We all had the foot long "grilled chicken" sandwich on Italian bread with provolone and hot sauce! I was in heaven and had two! My Texas buddies gobbled them up as well! 

The menu is great, people are typical south Philadelphia residents-- open late! Parking is a challenge but I always park in the red zone and never have a problem! Great food!
The hubby and I were craving BBQ one Sunday night and didn't want to leave the house because it was too cold. BBQ delivery options were pretty limited, but we found Nick's on Grubhub and decided to give it a go. 

We ordered the filet mignon sandwich, cheese fries, and a rack of ribs. It took almost an hour for our order to arrive, and everything was lukewarm by that point. The filet mignon sandwich was OK, no more, no less. The cheese fries came without cheese (and we were charged for cheese fries, and, while only a dollar more, it was still disappointing to pay for them and not receive them). The rack of ribs was also just OK. It didn't really satisfy my craving. The meat wasn't falling-off-the-bone tender could and the sauce was just kind of meh. It was better than nothing, but I probably wouldn't order from here again, even if I am desperate.
This was good takeout and arrived still warm even though it's insanely cold out. Got the rib and wing combo. They go heavy on the sauce which I initially wasn't happy about but as I was eating the sauce was enduringly good flavor-wise. The meat had a nice bbq char which i have been craving. Nice portion, I finished it but don't feel like a monster. Great fix for a meat craving. Would order again!!!
Nick's came highly recommended and we were not disappointed. My husband loves their wings (the whole wing, wing and drum together), their ribs, and their filet mignon sandwiches particularly their Nick's Special. I love their salads, fries, and grilled tuna steak sandwiches. Nick's does not disappoint.
I tried Nick's Charcoal Pit today after a few positive recommendations

The filet sandwich was off the hook. Hunks of filet mignon, sautéed spinach and garlicky butter with provolone on a sarcone's roll. The place is tiny so it's not a place you want to sit down and eat. You could if you wanted to but it seems strictly take out to me.

Anyway, it was great. The only criticism I would have is that it needed a little salt and pepper. Even a bit of mayo with a little horseradish would be good, too.

Service is very nice and swift.

They said they deliver as far as South Street so that means I'm SOL. Probably a blessing in disguise.
What I had hoped from moving back to South Philly was that I would be eating out less and creating more meals at home. While that HAS happened, I also noticed that I was ordering take out more often. Out of guilt, I try not to seek out takeout joints, instead relying on the power of advertising. As if by miracle, a menu for Nick's appeared on my mailbox. 

Fast forward to 3 orders later and I have crowned Nick's my favorite place to order a sandwich. My first order was a boneless rib sandwich which was tasty, but not very warm and I prefer my sauce slopped on so I was disappointed when I saw BBQ sauce was minimal. The second order I tried their special (filet mignon, spinach, provolone on roll, $8.45 iirc) and onion rings for the first time. It was SO good I ordered it the next time. I hope the next order I will try their other sandwiches. 

The people who took my order were very clear and nice. They deliver within an hour.
Tried to order through Grubhub and when delivery was 40 minutes past due I called the restaurant. The woman was very rude and blamed me. She claimed my phone number was wrong and the driver tried contacting me. She confirmed that my instructions were to leave the order and call the number listed. When I explained that I have a camera that would alert me to the arrival before the driver texted me she told me she was too busy and hung up on me. I wanted to support this local business but I will never order from this place again
So, let's start with the good:
1. Our food was super late, but the delivery guy was apologetic. 
2. The "cheese fries" were soggy (to be expected with delivery) and included a small condiment cup of cold cheese sauce- not enough to actually constitute cheese fries
3. The cheeseburger was EXTREMELY dry, chewy, and charred. I couldn't even taste the cheese, just the charred taste. Was WAY overcooked- asked for medium, got well, well done.
4. As for the cheese dog, see above.
5. Filet Mignon sandwich was just as chewy as the burger was dry. 
6. Chicken wings, again, were VERY charred, literally couldn't taste the "sweet" flavor. Were charred on the outside, but RAW on the inside- ate one bite and couldn't eat any more for fear of salmonella. Was like licking a dirty grill.

I have never been so dissatisfied with a meal. My boyfriend and I ordered in to celebrate, and couldn't even eat most of the meal.
The food looks like it would have been delicious, if it hadn't taken an hour and a half to travel about a mile and arrived stone cold.
Guess what, y'all? I lost like 5 or 6 pounds recently. I feel thinner, I can fit into more pants...it's awesome. Except for one tiny thing - I have no food in my house and decided to order lunch from this place. Whoops, there goes my weight loss. 

Nick's rules, hands-down. I love really good BBQ and although I've yet to try their platters everything that I've tasted was awesome. I'm not the biggest cheesesteak fan but I seriously order the Nick's special sandwich (filet, sauteed spinach, provolone on a Sarcone's roll) every single time because it's divine. In case you couldn't gather from the name, everything they cook is char-broiled (except for like fries, etc...you can't really grill those) so it feels a lot healthier than a typical cheesesteak. The filet is really tender, the spinach is seasoned perfectly, and the cheese isn't overwhelmingly sharp. It's just super good. Huge, and I did eat almost all of it (oops). 

The wings get a lot of flack but you know what? They're grilled. They aren't deep fried pieces of artery-clogging heaven. Don't compare them to deep fried wings because you can't. I've never had a grilled wing before but for what they are, they are good and the wings retain a lot of flavor. If you go in expecting your typical wing then yeah, you probably won't like them. But if you're ready to try them prepared a new way then there is a chance Nick's Charcoal Pit may make a convert out of you.

Awesome onion rings, too. 

I usually get delivery so I can't comment on the decor but I know they have a large delivery radius, including Bella Vista. Since things are grilled and not fried it takes slightly longer than some places but it is well worth the wait.
This is just based off of the one and only time I've been here.  

Had the Chicken & Baby Back Rib Combo Platter. It came with Fries & Cole Slaw. The fries were just ok needed some seasoning very bland. The Cole Slaw wasn't homemade not that they said it was but I think it was made in some factory somewhere. It was very generic. The meats were cooked well but lacked flavor. The BBQ sauce on them is just alright. 

I'm a food pro work in the BBQ industry and I'm hard to please when it comes to BBQ. I will give this place a second try. Go for a sandwich I hear they are pretty good at Nick's.
Start with the good:
-Prices are very reasonable.
-The sausage sandwich was great (had spinach on it... It was great)

Now the bad:
-For as slow as it was it seemed to take a long time.
-Wife ordered a New York steak. They didn't have any so she took the filet mignon. She asked medium rare. It was medium at best in some spots, well done in others. No seasoning. This was probably the worst steak she's ever had. Even a steak cooked by a bind-drunk man without a watch wouldn't taste this bad.
-The fried ravioli were unforgettable only because how gross they were. No real flavor other than the breaded part that was fried.

Would I go back? Yes, but never for the steak.
I love this place! The food is consistently good, fresh and delicious.  I usually order the steaks or the baby back ribs. The steaks are good but usually a bit overlooked so I learned to ask for medium instead of medium well (you have to work with people:). The baby back ribs are lean and so tender. I love that their food is never fatty or greasy. Do yourself a favor and substitute for the onion rings and spinach. Yum! Best take out onion rings you can get! Also, I've never had a problem with my food being delivered quickly.
Delivery is very quick and always accurate. The tuna and filet sandwiches are great. They use Sarcone rolls which is a plus. The roast beef sandwich is really juicy and quality beef. I have only gotten delivery from them but it has always been good.
Let's talk people , these guys laugh joked with every person that walked in. You can tell its family owned , it has a welcoming feel. So most importantly the food , ordered the Nicks special .... Blew my mind simple, cooked right ,Super fresh ingredients and filled my gut pretty good !  Can't beat it !
This is BY FAR the best place for delivery in South Philly outside of a pizza place or two.  I have never had a bad meal here and their portions are spot on too.  It may seem pricy, but you definitely get what you pay for.

Everything here is fresh.  There is never that frozen-food taste and everything is made to order.

I love that their wings are grilled and not fried.  Not only is the sauce on them amazing, but knowing that they weren't saturated in oil is also a good thing.
Absolutely disgusting and an incomplete order.  Probably the only thing that was palatable would have been the soda, which wasn't delivered.

Despite our offer of returning the entire order, they tried to bargain themselves our of the situation by offering me $10 off an inedible meal?!?!?!

The sad part is, we used to order from these guys when our group worked overtime at Packer Marine Terminal quite frequently.  Back in the day, it was always tip-top.  What they served tonight and coupled with their response, was a war crime.

BE WARNED!  THIS IS NOT THE SAME NICK'S YOU'VE ORDERED FROM IN THE PAST!!!
You ever eat a sandwich and don't stop eating it when you are full because it was that good?  Yeah, that just happened. I am stuffed. I wish I had a picture of the sandwich. But I ate it. I guess you are going to have to get your own so you can post a picture. 

The owner did the delivery because they were that busy. It is good to get food from a guy that is willing to do the work along with his people. Pride of ownership shows.

I had the filet with spinach on a long roll. I'd eat that again. I am going to have to split it next time, to save myself from my own tastebuds.
They're on speed dial on my home phone AND my cell. Need I say more? Ok, I'll say a little more. The BBQ is delicious, the sandwiches are ridiculously good, the salads are HUGE (and yummy), the chicken is awesome, and the staff is always super friendly. I have yet to find something to complain about with this place, and I highly doubt I ever will.
Not the best bbq I've had, but definately way up there when compared to places like ray's or phoebe's. The baby back rib platter is definitely the way to go here. The ribs are cooked perfectly and the sauce has a nice little kick to it. Other favorites in my house are the filet sandwich and the wings. They deliver all the way up to south street if you have a large enough order. Good stuff people. get on it.
This place is amazing. I've heard they aren't the best for delivery, but I've never ordered that way so I'm not going to factor it into my score. 

This place is the best. The Nick's Special (filet mignon sandwich with spinach and provolone) is my favorite sandwich in the entire world. I've been waiting for somebody to top it and it just hasn't happened.
I order the full wings, fries and a ceaser. The Caesar salad was the best out of the three. The dressing was very good! 
The wings and fries were okay. They were not seasoned at all and were extremely bland. The wings were very tiny.

I gave this place the benefit of the doubt but I ended up have the same experience as the many other reviewers.
Pretty okay BBQ place in South Philly--I get the Nick's Special: fillet sandwich with spinach and cheese + Fries. It's delicious, and the fries are great. 

But it's not a real BBQ place because they don't really put the effort. If you order ribs, which I never have, they just put them on the same grill as they are char broiling everything else. I highly doubt there would be any of that smokey flavor I'm looking for in my ribs.

Also very tiny spot which does not have much to it. Maybe 2 or 3 tables. I always get mine to go.

I'm never disappointed with my sandwich, but I'm also never blow away by it either.
Had the chicken parma sandwich on Sarcone's roll, soooooooooo good!  Husband had the baby back ribs!!! Tender and saucy and really good!  We'll definitely order from there again!!!
AND....
The woman who answered the phone was very friendly, was able to hear and actually seemed like she wanted our business! (what a novel idea!!!!)
Overcooked BBQ. Not enough meat on the ribs. Really depressing actually.

That's really all there is to say. I was really hoping for some good BBQ and this was very disappointing.
Nick's is the truth. The BBQ wings and ribs are hot off the fire and have a great charcoal/smoky thing going on.
Hands down the best wings in the city.  Ready?  Hands.  Down.
The good: grilled chicken and burgers are very tasty. Note that I *like* well done burgers, however - if you don't, you will probably be disappointed.

The bad: their ribs are really fatty. Not cooked long and slow enough to really have it melt out and make the cartilage soft. They taste fine, but they are just cooked at slightly too high of a temperature.

The ugly: their delivery guys are pigs. It's horrible. Every time I walk by here, the creepy guys sitting outside waiting to deliver food have some gross, off-color comment to make about women, and not infrequently something to say about the appearance of some of the girls who go to the high school next door. Nick's needs to realize that when these men are on their property and working for them, they represent the business. It makes me uncomfortable enough not to get food there anymore - I don't want them delivering to my house, but I don't like waiting to pick my food up anymore either, because they are hanging around.
Just ordered delivery! I had the BBQ chicken and rib combo. It comes with French fries, and coleslaw. It was delicious. The BBQ sauce isn't too thick, and the ribs pull right off the bone. My bf had the Nicks special Filet Sandwhich. It had tons of steak, spinach, cheese, and the selling point, Sarcones bread. Definitely will order again!
I really wasn't all that impressed. The barbecue sauce was mild and it was ok. I had the ribs. I think the meat was cooked well but there was nothing special about the meal.
I order delivery from here a lot, food isn't over the top amazing, but it's always good enough to fulfill my comfort food cravings
I moved here in May, and this menu stumbled on my doorstep like every other restaurant in South Philly...I didn't throw it away because it seemed like something different and that I would like to try........needless to say when I got home from work and had a craving for wings, I pulled this menu our and tried the ribs/wings combo.....they had a wonderful kick to them and on the grill tastes SOOOO much better than deep-fried (yes deep-fried does taste wonderful too, but this isn't as greasy).....my only complaint is the fries, but who cares when the actual reason for the meal was awesome!?

Yes I recommend this place for those wonderful bar food cravings as well as any sporting function that's hosted at your house.
The Nick's Special was amazing, the ribs pretty good. Don't bother with the boneless rib. It's a weird tasting McRib-like thing.
One of my favorite low key joints in South Philly***
- Filet Cheese steak with wiz and onions on Sarcone's Bread = GREAT
- BBQ RIBS = GREAT
- WIZ FRIES = GREAT

Better when you actually eat there but only 1 table.... Still love it!
I have been ordering delivery from here for years now. The quality of the food is top notch. I have eaten excellent cuts of filet on the filet sandwich. I am very, very picky with where I order chicken from... This is one of the few places in the city I will eat it from because it's always fresh and the charcoal flavor is awesome. I have also had the country chicken, yum. My husband LOVES the ribs. He says their substantial, juicy and delicious.  Their prices for the quality of the food being served is really impressive. That's why we continue to order from here and haven't had a bad meal in the years we have been customers.
Day I visited: Friday (only once so far).
Reason: I wanted something from a grill in the BBQ family.
Party size: 2
Atmosphere: like any neighborhood corner joint/pizzaria but Grilled food only!

It's take out (recommended); can sit in and eat but has few stools and one table.

What I ordered:
  -- BBQ ribs and Wings Platter- comes with fries and cole slaw.  Wings had options of hot, bbq, etc.  Of course, hot.  (Yum!)  Wings are not fried, but GRILLED, so don't get P/O if it's not what you expect wings to be. 
  -- FRIES ARE YUMMMMMMMMMY.  It's the way how fries should be.

It's a BBQ joint and it's yummy.  It hit the spot for the BBQ/grilling void that I'm experience every spring/summer/fall.  Because living in the city definitely provides outdoor space for grills and stuff.  And no, the Foreman grill does not fill the BBQ void.

Enjoy Nick's!  I did.  And the staff is sweet.
Super great sandwiches, not sure why such a low rating. Could be because of their long delivery time. Regardless, will order again. Get the filet mignon sandwich with provolone and spinach !
Talk about dedication... cooking up some juicy filet mignon sandwiches in the sweltering non-air conditioned kitchen.  The place is a hole in the wall on a corner (sort of) in South Philly... but don't let that fool you.  The place has  solid fare and you get a decent amount of food for the money... (i.e. "yay" I have lunch tomorrow!).  

The place is small, so it's best to order ahead and take it home.  This place will have you visiting South Philly more often...
I ordered the tuna steak platter. Tuna out of the would have been better. The tuna was over cooked to the point of a rubber texture. Tuna steaks should be fresh and served rare. The fries, however, we're very good. Too many good eateries in the area to waste my time and money here again.
Great little takeout joint when you're craving BBQ. The ribs are great, and the filet Nick's signature sandwich it really good as well. A bit pricey, but worth it I'd say.
Great option for a delivery meal.  Food is very good and while obviously still not the healthiest food on earth, still at least has some good nutritional value & is  certainly much better than the typical pizza, cheesesteaks, etc.
The problem with this particular Restaurant is not the food so much.... but the prices!
God Bless these people if they can get the money that they charge for the food and serving portions that they offer. 
$9 for a Tossed Salad, $9.25 for a Chicken Breast Sandwich on a KAISER ROLL!
$10 for a Sausage Sandwich 
This my friends are prices Restaurants charge for maybe eating in... but delivery and slightly warm at best. 
Save your money
Eat a bowl of cereal, you'll thank me for it!
This place use to be good the last two times I ordered From here I ordered the tuna steak and both times they gave me swordfish I know my fish being an employee at Samuel and Sons Maybe next I'll try a burger hopefully it all beef
No actual BBQ, charcoal, or pit.  Just a Burger King style "flame broiled grill".  Can do better at home.
Don't let this little lunch spot scare you. It might look like a grease pit, but the food is awesome and you can't beat the price. Don't do delivery, because you need to eat these sandwiches and ribs hot. Try the sauces.
Great example of very good pieces not working great together.  We got Nick's special filet mignon sandwich.  Very good filet mignon.  I guess for the price of $10.25 it was an appropriate amount.  Very good sarcone roll but the roll kind of dominated the sandwich.  Cheese, my kingdom for more cheese.  Very good news for Mike Rant Sr., Kristen from The Inquirer has taken your title as world's guest eater.  She commented that this was a very good sandwich but not a cheesesteak.  Good overall experience.
Not gonna lie this was a very good sandwich, but with all due respect I was a little bit too hype to try it. Granted the roll was amazing and spinach and cheese added a nice flavor, but it left something to be desired. I think the ratio of bread to meat may not have quite hit the spot for me, as well as the actual flavor of the meat. Somewhat of a charcoal cooked taste but it could have been a little bit more seasoned imo. 

That being said it was a tasty lunch and filled me up. Definitely would love to try something else from here another time..
Nick's is a block down from my house and I'm very glad about that.  It's pretty simple really--meat cooked on a charcoal grill.  This alone makes it different from most places around.  Their wings and ribs are fantastic, I usually just get them.  I've tried a few sandwiches and have been pleased.  But if it's your first time, just get some wings and the ribs.  It's worth it.
The ribs are definitely finger-licking good. 
(Which was important, because we were not given nearly enough napkins in our takeout bag! Props to The Bottle Shop for always being generous about handing out paper towels!) I got the Baby Back Ribs/Chicken Wings Combo -- the ribs definitely won. The wings were good. The fries were just okay - but my friend made the right choice in substituting the fries for onion rings. Ohm nom... 

It's not Sweet Lucy's - but it's right around the corner, and a tasty neighborhood option. I'll be back to try several other items on the menu that sounded tasty... and take them right back to The Bottle Shop!
