Stopped by as I'd never been before, but I was in the area for a work event. I didn't have too much time and they were pretty busy on this Saturday early afternoon, but we were seated immediately and in and out relatively timely.

Of course I had to try one of the handmade shakes. I was going to try the plain chocolate, but there were a few others that caught my eye. I decided on the Death by Chocolate, which was chocolate ice cream and fudge mixed with chocolate chips. It came in a big metal cup- the only appropriate way for a specialty milkshake to be served. It tasted chocolatey and rich for sure! My only complaint was that they should have used thicker milkshake straws. These ones would not hold up with the chocolate chips, which kept getting stuck in them and clogging the straw, so I had to keep declogging the straw.

I also ordered the spicy fries, which I was pleased to discover come with plenty of spices, and not any strange kind of sauce mixtures. They were very light on the heat but heavy on the flavor, and were fresh and enjoyable. I'd certainly try this place again sometime.
We've been coming here for decades - pretty much any time we drive from New York to Philadelphia. The look and overall ambience of the place is a treat for weary travelers. Muic from the fifties and sixties. The main draw though is the food. When you order organge juice, they go and squeeze an orange on the spot. I always get the scrapple instead of sausage, and whatever you order comes out great. Service is uniformly excellent. Plenty of parking. It's all good.
Arrived with my party of 6 and the service was the worse! They really need to get better management and not have patrons waiting so long to get a waiter to serve them. We were seated after a 15-minute wait, to just sit even longer waiting to have a server acknowledge us. By this point, my table was upset waiting so long especially since we had a 2-year-old with us who is antsy and cannot wait very long. 

This is the first time in 6 months that I have been back to this restaurant because I had a terrible time at my last visit. The last visit the customer service was trash, the wait was horribly long and the food wasnt as I remeber it tasting. The last visit the waitress was rude and bitchy. Here I am again invited by a family member who was treating, and I was hoping this would be a better experience then the last. But nope! the wait was soo long, and we were getting angry as the waitstaff walked passed and didnt stop and help us for a long time. 

Once we finally got a server, we ordered right away since we had to wait so long just to get a server to come and help us. So we placed our order, and we literally waited 45 minutes to receive our meals. This service here is a joke! I dont even think a manager was on duty at this shit show. I understand you are busy, but they always seem to be and should prepare on how they will assist each table in a timely manner. 

When the food finally came out it was tasty, but waiting for refills was terribly long, asking for napkins, sauces for our nuggets came way later after we had already eaten most of our meals. 

The food is always on point, but I cant get past the terrible service, so I wont be back here again.
As everyone in Philly knows they have the best milkshakes! (and they proudly display all plaques they have won that say so) I gave this particular one a 3 out of 5 because of the noise factor. 

All the food is great, perfect diner food for that late night summer outing when everything else is closing down. 

Down side to this one is the noise and crowd. If you go, expect it to be packed, expect to have to wait to be seated about 10-15 minutes at the least, expect to have a lot of noise of people talking/laughing/screaming over the 50's jukebox music. 

If you have a low tolerance for screaming kids but want the shake check out the one in Bensalem on Street Road. It is generally less crowded, it has an arcade, and a mini-golf course open in the summer! Fun for a casual high school lunch date - go play mini-golf and then get a shake. Good wholesome fun.

But back to this one on Grant RD, it is very good food wise (on the scale of diner food), but the crowding and noise make it hard to get seated and place your order since you have to scream at your high school age waitress over the awful din. 

Also note that they only accept cash as payment, but have an ATM in the front of every location for your convenience.
Nifty Fifty's is junk food heaven! It is every kid dream restaurant. I think they love it cause they are familiar with all the food items especially the 100 different flavors of sodas and like 50 flavors of milkshakes!

I came to nifty fifty's with my nephew to celebrate his 9 year old birthday! When we arrived at the restaurant we noticed the long line that was literally out the door. We decided to continue to wait and before we knew it the line begin to pick up and our overall wait was around 20 minutes.

Our waitress was friendly and attentive. While looking through our menus we had the option to order burgers, chicken nuggets, salads, breakfast etc. I choose the cheesesteak fries and my nephew ordered a cheesesteak. I also ordered the banana foster milkshake and my nephew had of course the birthday cake milkshake cause it's a celebration of his 9 years on Earth lol!

Overall we both enjoyed our food. My fav was the banana foster milkshake it was creamy and thick. It had chunks of bananas inside yum! I tried the birthday cake shake which was equally good with sprinkles, cake pieces and and strawberry ice cream.

Will I visit Nifty Fifty's again-  of course especially if I'm going with children 18 and under!
Nifty Fifty's is an authentic throwback burger and shake joint that epitomizes the Philly scene in the middle of the last century.  Loud, garish, neon-blitzed lighting, the whole 9.  It is diner-like with booths and counter service, and dedicated to the proposition that a great greasy burger, fries and sweet creamy shake are timeless icons that people never tire of.  

They are quite right!

Our visit last Saturday night was met with a 30 minute queue for a booth.  The line moved along fast enough to hold our interest, and the aroma of hot grease was so overwhelming that we could not have walked out if we wanted to.  It is instantly addictive.  My companion for the evening was a new arrival to America, and this was her first exposure to old fashioned burger mania.  

We were escorted to our table/booth and handed their bible (menu).  Rather than attempt to explain what this cultural event was all about, I just ordered the ever-popular Bacon Cheeseburger for her, and the Double Cheeseburger with Fried Onions & Mayo for me, along with a basket of traditional fries and a Black Raspberry Shake to share.  

When everything arrived on the arms of our incredible server Destiny, I watched as my companions eyes widened as she took her first bite, munch and sip.  They said it all.  She was excited, happy and totally into the experience.  I was a half step behind her as I doctored my burger and the fries with ketchup.  The shake was creamy and cold in its aluminum mixing vessel.  It so nicely offset the crunchy saltiness of the ample fries, and the deeply satisfying juicy chewiness of the burger.  

Nifty has perfected the formula for grease to such an extent that you crave it despite knowing it is not so good for you.  The soft bun absorbs much of what is not directly ingested, yet no thought is given to leaving it on the plate.  The fries have a similar subtle attribute that makes them very tasty, especially when there are small nubs in the bottom of the basket.  Love those babies.  

Five Guys approaches Nifty's burgers for taste and texture, but lacks the overall ambiance of this iconic burger emporium.  

I know there are other good things on the menu, but I have never made it passed the sliders.
My philly native hubby always mentions NIfty Fifty's with such love and nostaglia that I was super excited to finally come experience it. On a Friday night at 6 pm there was a bit of a wait but nothing unbearable. The place is kind of small, resembles a ghetto version of a Johnny Rockets, with cheapter prices as a result. The service was to the point, as it is expected in a diner, but not rude. 

I had the Nifty Fifty's famous bacon cheeseburger which was delicious, cooked to perfection with nice crunchy bacon inside. We also split an order of spicy cheese fries which were kind of a let down, they didn't have enough seasoning or cheese after the top layer. The TWO THINGS YOU MUST ORDER are the GIANT onion rings AND a chicken cheesesteak. All the chicken cheesesteaks I've had before are sliced chicken with little flavor, and this was chunks of chicken with GREAT seasoning. The onion rings were just little artery clogging hoola hoops of amazing-ness.    

I imagine that I when I get pregnant my life will consist of a mixture of NIfty Fifty's onion rings and Chickie and pete's crab fries. Thankfully both things are a good 45 minutes away from my home in Jersey. I can't wait to come back and have a milkshake, I could not fit one more bite, but they look AMAZING! Plus any place that says they have "exotic milkshakes" is a plus with me.
As a former employee of Niftys on Street Road for more than 7 years, the Grant Ave location does not disappoint. Small in size, it packs a major punch with over 100 different milkshake options and soda choices. 

We beat the rush on a Saturday night and got seated within five minutes to a separate booth on the side which was right next to their open kitchen. Service was friendly even with a full house.

You really cannot go wrong on anything you choose. Cheesesteaks/chicken cheesesteaks are solid a packed with meat and cheese, the nuggets and fingers are breaded nicely and have good flavor, burgers are good but also small so I recommend at least a double, and the fries and onion rings are freshly made daily. The only frozen option is the fish sandwich. Cheese wiz accompanies any of the above and do not forget to ask for pistol Pete's spice, you will not regret it.

All in all, niftys is one of my favorite spots for comfort foods like shakes, burgers and fries. Visiting on an off peak hour or ordering ahead will make your life a lot easier!
If youre looking for vegetarian food, this place aint for you. That being said, this place has some unique food, atmosphere and awesome milkshakes.
-------------------------------------------------
FOOD: Its a burger and fries place. The difference between this place and say arbys is the stuff is made fresh right there. They even have a sign up stating where todays potatoes came from. (Delaware) As I said, there is exactly 1 thing on the menu (other than fries which were yummy and sides) that doesnt have meat and its a caesar salad. 
The best part? The milkshake I got to go. Theyve got TONS of choices as well as TONS of soda flavors to choose from. It was fresh ice cream, and had actual bananas in it. MMM!

DECOR: Its a retro 50s diner type place. Kind of goofy, but different enough to be kind of cool.

RATING: I give it 3 M's for mmm. They lost a star for having no vegetarian choices other than 1 salad.

SERVICE: Good. The friendly waitress came back reguarly and earned her tip.
------------------------------------------------------------
By the way. There is a sign on the door that says, and I quote "credit cards not excepted". Yes thats the way its spelled. There is an ATM inside if you need cash.
I've been going to Nifty Fifty's before the flagship Location in south Philly closed down years ago...(cue music and my tears) sniff sniff.. dammit lol. Years and many visits later I still haven't had every damn milkshake. Ahhhh. Anyway, I always have an awesome time here. However Sundays seem to be super busy. I learned my lesson the hard way! I always order the single mushroom Swiss Burger with onions and spicy onion rings with cheese. Not a fan of their sodas though, a bit too sugary for me. But That's just my opinion. Glass of water and room for my Black n White milkshake! Theeeeeeeee best!! 

More tears for the location in Bensalem that burnt down.. sniff sniff. I'll be back again!!
I love the vibe of nifty fifty's. It is so cute. The beyond cheeseburger is delicious. Their coffee milkshake is divine! Their milkshakes in general are one of the main reasons to visit. 

Definitely check it out! Pleasant experience, affordable prices.
This place is basically a faux 1950's soda joint, complete with waiters in paper hats, soda fountain, and 50's music on the jukebox.  It's bright, cheery, and I think this place is fun.  The food is super greasy and pretty much is guaranteed to give you a stomach ache later on (or at least make you add 5 pounds in one night), but the food isn't the attraction.  They've got great fountain sodas, particularly the chocolate coke.  I like their vanilla egg creams and root beer floats, but their main attraction is their milkshake.  They've got the best milkshakes in Philly.  Nifty's is a lot of fun, so grab a bunch of friends and go with an empty stomach (and maybe some Rolaids...).
I swear it!! Everytime I go there, even the cook in the back says "hi." Everyone who works here is friendly, or at the very least is a good actor. Shout out to Dave who must've worked here a gazillion years and hasn't lost his sizzle yet. 
You gotta try the Pistol Pete's spicy cheese fries. They're the best. Onion rings are good too, and huge! My husband always gets them and I'm alwayz sneakin them off his plate when he isn't looking. It's a carb paradise. You MUST also try either a milkshake (like Oreo Cheesecake) or a custom made soda ( a million different flavors-  you can even combine flavors..) All in all, whether its a party of 2 or 12, itz alwayz a blast!
Really disappointed.  
Food was good but we got there about an hour and a half before closing and they made it known. As were eating, they started cleaning the table next to us with bleach. It was so bad we had to stop eating.  My mom went to use the bathroom and they literally cleaned her half of the table around me since I was still sitting there. Made us feel very unwelcome and extremely rushed. I won't be returning
I haven't been here in over a decade but it was everything I remembered. The atmosphere actually lives up to its name... nifty fifty's. The place is reminiscent of what it may have been like during the "Happy Days" era. Including the staff dressing in retro hats and clothes. 

You can't go wrong whether you order a burger, fries, nuggets, or shakes. The food reminds you of good ole fashioned drive thru comfort food. The burgers are succulent and the fries were crisp. I love the onion rings here, they were almost as big as my hand. The milkshakes... OMG... The milkshakes came in so many variety and flavors, the only question was, which one to try. Well, being from Philly I realize you can't go wrong trying the krimpet milkshake. Let's just say that the milkshake did not disappoint. I had been craving this place for quite some time and was thoroughly pleased with my selection.
Been awile since I've been hear. Stopped by this morning for breakfast. Still the same old great restaurant with that oldies type style. With still great food. 

I had the special. Two eggs over easy, home fries with onions, white toast, and a cup of coffee. Came out in 5 min. Great service. The menu always has alot to choose from. The orange juice is made with fresh oranges, so definitely fresh. 

Looking forward to coming back hear again soon.

Breakfast special: is now $2.29. Two eggs, home fries, toast and coffee all for a great deal.
Nifty Fifty's - yet another childhood spot. 

My friends & I would trek out here for special occasions, like after a concert. This place has the best milkshake ever. It offers so many different flavors that you will surely tell your server that you need another minute to decide. It is the thickest creamiest milkshake. It doesn't get more authentic than this. Not only do you get your milkshake, but , they serve you the rest of the milkshake (that couldn't be poured into your already full cup) in the silver cup that they make it in.

Their chicken fingers delish.
Their fries yummo, as well.

The place isn't that clean though, which is why it receives 3 stars instead of 4. The seats are oily and sticky, but what do you expect from the place that serves the best milkshake around the clock?

P.S. Dieters do NOT come here.
Throwback with a vengeance! 

It's doesn't look like much from the outside but inside it's got all the charm of yesteryear. There's ample parking outside and a great joint to hit up for dessert or just because.

Walking in, there was a bit of a line but that was ok since it gave us a chance to review the expansive menu options. We went with the cookies and cream milkshake - figuring it'll be a crowd pleaser for all. One shake is more than enough for two and we ended up taking half of it for later since we didn't finish while sitting there. 

I liked the vibe - 50s style diner from the booths to servers, everything echos a bit of nostalgia without overdoing it. 

Hoping to come back for more menu explorations and maybe actually finish a shake in one sitting =)!
"I want to live here." - Mike, a former NF regular in his youth. NIFTY FIFTY'S IS GREAT. 

Stopped in around midnight on our way home from a block party in the greater Northeast for my first FOURTHMEAL in like three years. I used to do a lot of eating after midnight, but once I became a real human with a real job it all kind of came to an end. Settled into a booth, among a couple of scattered groups our fellow young people, and one older couple with mullets that looked like they had been posted up for a few hours. The menu here is excellent. So many sodas! So many milkshakes! A big non-alcoholic beverage fan, I was close to getting a cherry vanilla soda, but was convinced by my partner in life to get a milkshake. I went for a marshmallow milkshake and it was basically the most delicious item of food or drink I've had in a long time. And, for reasons I cannot explain with human words or sounds, I went with an order of onion rings with cheese, with a side of ranch. Fat people food. Going to be farting the next day food. Damn the torpedoes. They were really delicious, but I couldn't finish all of them nor could I finish my milkshake. I like the vibe here. Like this is probably a shitty place to work, but everyone there is mad unofficial looking and young so it doesn't seem so bad and no one is in a bad mood, even though they're at work at midnight on a Saturday. I want to go back.
Somebody once told me that milkshakes could be thick, decadent and full of blended Oreos. I humored him, while secretly doubting his sanity. A blended ice cream concoction full complete with freshly pureed cookies? Sounds like a Blizzard to me...and drinking a Blizzard through a straw just seemed silly.

He insisted that this was most definitely NOT a Blizzard...or a blend. It could indeed exist as a MILKSHAKE.

...but slurping the succulent smooth, with the occasional pseudo crunch of a slightly-too-large cookie from Nifty Fifty's, I didn't believe him.

...and now, "I'm a believer."

(Believe you me, this peanut butter Oreo milkshake is worth the drive...whether you're coming from the 'burbs, Philly, or NYC.)
Eating at this place always takes me back to my childhood. My grandmother lives a stone's throw away (the Grant Ave location is THE ONLY location, as far as I'm concerned) and she always used to take us there when we were little, and I'd always order the same thing: golden fried chicken cutlet, black and white milkshake, and a basket of fries for the table to share. My brother still orders the double bacon cheeseburger. Yes, we eat here less often (this was the first time in a year or two), but that just makes the experience fonder and less waist-expanding when you do get around to it.

I'm almost 24 and the food still tastes exactly the same--which is something of a marvel in itself. Prices have gone up a bit, but the quality hasn't changed, and the service is just as fast. Everything is still freshly made and delicious. The chicken is still crispy as ever, the Cheez Wiz (gross I know, but it has its places--this is one of them) just as mouth-burningly drippy, the shakes just as thick and stomach-filling.

My kid brother and I went here just last night and the entire thing was a timewarp, right down to the shiny red vinyl seats. Although to me, the timewarp isn't necessarily the 50s--it's more the very early 90s.

Nifty Fiftys, I hope you never change.
Nifty Fifty's is my favorite place to get a burger!!  They are by far the best around.  I also get the Cheese fries which are delicious and I am not even a fan of cheese fries!  

The atmosphere is that of a 50's burger joint.  They are known for their milkshakes and they make their own soda.  There are all kinds of different flavor soda that you can have made.  The prices are very reasonable and the staff is reallt friendly!  The only drawback is they dont take debit or credit cards, only cash.  They have an ATM if you need it, but I try to bring cash with me.
Came here again after a yearning (Yelping?) for a milkshake.  The line to get in was out the door and everyone seemed to be having a good time.

Thankfully, I was allowed to "jump" the line with permission from the manager since I just wanted take-out for two shakes.

Counter service was friendly, but it took forever to get my chocolate salted caramel and a Oreo shake. After getting them, my daughter and I got out of Dodge and drove home.  

My kid said a couple of times that her shake tasted weird.  I chalked that up to her not feeling 100% but after I tried it myself, it definitely was bad.  It tasted metallic, chemical-like, and sour.  Something was absolutely wrong with that shake.  I ended up giving her half of mine which was ok.  I did not want the hassle of driving back for a replacement or refund but what a PITA.

I've been burned here now more than once, so I think it's now off the list.  I'll have to get my shakes (which I rarely get) somewhere else.  

Recommendations?
Stopped at this place because we saw the Yelp reviews and we were spending the evening in a hotel across the street. I'm a nostalgia junkie so I really wanted to try it out & I am happy to say it was great. I think we ate our weight in naughty food and shakes, but it was freaking awesome! The line to get in was pretty long but moved quickly. We were willing to sit at the counter so we didn't have to wait as long as those waiting for a booth.

This is themed in white, red & black like a Johnny Rocket's but it's so much better. The emphasis is on the shakes and the sodas, as well as the food. You can get just about any flavor you can imagine. I had a death by chocolate shake (almost achieved), my date had a chocolate malt shake and my other friend had butter pecan.

I had a steak filet with cheese. They call it filet mignon but hey, it's just a steak. Price is good, though. We ordered cheese fries and I was so full I couldn't eat them. My guy had a bacon swiss burger. I'm sorry I didn't take more pictures since it's a fun little place, but boy was it incredibly busy! We could see everything going on because we were at the counter.

One extremely miserable excuse for a human being bitched out one of the young waitresses in front of us, and was just so totally out of line. My date called the manager over and told him that the customer was wrong, his employee did the right thing, and that she showed amazing customer service considering the woman's attitude. The wait staff and the line cooks were all working incredibly hard. It looked like back-breaking work, with tons of take-out orders coming in as well as the orders for seated customers.

I could only finish half my shake and still had a sugar rush. I can't handle that much and should have stayed away, but I regret nothing, haha!

So....we get up the next day and what do we decide to do? We go back for breakfast.

I had a cheesesteak omelet (yum) served with home fries (you can choose with or without onions), coffee (surprisingly good, most diner coffee sucks), and toast. My date had eggs with cheese and scrapple. He'd never had scrapple before, liked it, but said he prefers sausage.

They made some great-looking desserts, they have the Sirius 50s on 5 channel on at all times, and the place is fun. The noise last night was off the charts loud, but this morning was a bit quieter due to the elderly nature of the late breakfast crowd. Check out the menu and enjoy. I wish I had the money to open one up here, the place is a goldmine.
The wait wasn't terrible, but there was definitely a wait! Took us about 20 mins to get seated but it was uphill from there. 

Our waitress was quick and friendly. The Snickers milkshake is a must!!!! They serve you a frosted glass and the entire container which is atleast 2 full servings. I got partially full off of half of the milkshake before they served the food.

The Bacon Cheeseburger is a banger. The Smothered Crabmeat fries were good also, but a little salty. The Onion rings needed salt bad, they were the disappointment of the evening BUT the milkshake more then made up for it. 

This was my.first, but certainly not my last because the milkshake list is fairly extensive. I'd be surprised if you don't manage to find atleast one you like.
The customer service here is unacceptable! I had a terrible experience and will never, over my dead body, be seen in or around Nifty Fifty's on Grant Ave.
I came in for lunch with a co-worker a couple months ago. As anyone with an office job can agree, an hour for lunch means 1 hour! We thought Nifty Fifty's would be a decent place to sit & grab a quick bite to eat but we were sadly mistaken. We stood in the doorway for 10 minutes, watched by the douche servers with blank stares. We were NOT seated until we asked to sit down. Obviously agitated at this point, I asked if we could please rush our order because we were on our lunch break and needed to head out shortly. Our food arrived cold & bland AND I FOUND A STRATEGICALLY PLACED FLY IN MY SALAD. I have NO doubt that the young, snot-nosed a$$hole I gave attitude to for being ignored in the doorway provided the fry cook with this special little surprise. With every inch of my body I held back standing up and punching this greasy faced high school drop out straight in the temple. When I asked to speak to the manager, a 19 year old shmendrick offered a free milkshake for my negative experience... totally unacceptable!
This place is beyond wack and I will never set foot in there for the rest of my lifetime. And like the jerks I typically shake my head at, I will go out of my way to make sure NOONE I know sets foot in that horrid establishment! That is not how you treat paying customers, specifically customers which have done nothing wrong but walk throught he door in the first place. 
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!
My thoughts on the food is that the portions is HUGE, everything was delicious. Probably one of the best fries I had. The soda was to me average but the price for it is super cheap. It's only 2.50$ plus free refills. I came during the day time around 3pm and was seated immediately, I came once before around 8pm but it was pack. So chose your time carefully cause if your hungry than you'll be waiting along time, cause normally there's always a line.
Ugh. I went here for my birthday with some friends and it was HORRIBLE. They didn't bring out our food for literally an hour. And our waitress kept walking buy. Finally when we asked, she said that the cooks must have lost our food ticket. Now, I am a waitress. If you see your table sitting there for a long time. You ask about their food in the kitchen. You do NOT let the food not get taken out for an HOUR until the customer has to ask you where it is. And then they brought me out ice cream in a mug for my birthday and wouldn't even let me keep the mug!
Not only does Nifty Fifty's have the best french fries I have eaten in my life and milkshakes that are out of this world, it is a great place to go, especially with friends!  As an active member of drama club while I was in High School, it became a tradition for us theater nerds (I say that lovingly!) to go to Nifty Fifty's after the Friday night performance of every play we did, and the fact that we came with our stage makeup still on had the waitstaff assuming we had come from doing a play, but also wondering where we were from and why even the guys had makeup on!  A friend of mine had to spray paint his hair gray for one of the plays we did, so that evening at Nifty's, the waitress thought he bore a passing resemblance to Taylor Hicks.  How hilarious!

It does take a while for the food to come out but every time I have been there, the service was great and it is apparent that the waitstaff works very hard to make the experience memorable for their customers.
Nifty Fiftys is always a nice stop. The kids love it here. They like the burgers and shakes, as do I. The parking is easy. There is a huge parking lot.
The restaurant is hustle and bustle. Although there is usually a little wait, the staff does a pretty good job at the turnaround and the wait usually doesn't last long. 
The staff is mostly kids and young adults but they seem to be well trained. They are professional and courteous. The bathrooms are pretty clean. 
The food is pretty good. I usually get some kind of burger, fries and a milkshake. I have been coming here for years and I have never had any complaints. The prices are pretty reasonable but once you start ordering milkshakes it can add up quickly. The shakes are real good, very Authentic, the burgers are also very good. They are made fresh and they are very tasty. I usually get a double because the single just leaves me wanting more. We will continue to pop in once in a while. I definitely recommend giving them a shot. It's a very nice family restaurant.
My brother was nice enough to pick me up some food from here yesterday and I had to get the classic Leo burger - a double! The relish is just exactly what gives the burger the amazing taste it has. I also got the smothered honey bbq fries but there was barely any chicken, wish I took a picture of this but I was too hungry. Some of the fries were limpy but overall good taste.
As a semi-strict gluten-free vegan I sometimes end up here (ok once in a great long while) due to three things: 

1) Proximity to a friend's place
2) the munchies
3) the spicy fries

I think the fries might be the only thing on the menu that has no animal products (that I know of). The fries are fresh and hand-cut (you can watch em do it there!) and the spiciness, when evenly distributed, rather than just dumped on top (I've experienced both) is superb, and goes excellent with beer (get take-out and avoid the lines! You can call in your order). Oh yeah the spicy onion rings are good too and also veggie, but a bit oily. 

In general, nifty fifties is the most nifty late at night when you get your scooby snax cravings. Just try to ignore the dunkin donuts across the street.
I went back to Nifty Fiftys for the first time in a few years and I am still in LOVE....
I have fond memories at Nifty Fiftys because my grandfather always took me and cousins there (where we could never finish the milkshakes). 

I had a burger for the first time, a double with Am cheese, an Onion ring, sauteed mushrooms and lettuce and tomato. It was one of theeeee beeessst burgers I have ever haddddddd. 

I can't have the milkshake now that I am older because I am lactose intolerant now, but I still enjoy their soda flavors. I had a cherry vanilla.
Changing my review based solely on the food- the food is always so fresh and tastes so good whenever I come, but the service is where they fall short. 

I came in on a Sunday with a party of 7 and the line to wait was out the door- with us at the front waiting to be seated. We waited about 30-40 mins just to get a table. 

While you wait there isn't much space between the dine in and take out lines so you are constantly in someone's way. The building needs more organization when it comes to waiting- I know the area is small but there has to be a way around it other then being in a crowd in the way of people who are taking out. 

Maybe they need to expand the building or there needs to be another building on another location- because the amount of people waiting in line to eat was insane! 

Philly needs another Nifty Fifty location, who can we write to, to make this happen? anyway the food was great- by the time we sat down I was in full beast mode cause I was so hungry- so I ordered a royal burger- a cheese burger topped with a fresh from scratch onion ring. I also ordered 6 chicken nuggets but they didn't taste like anything I remember- they breading lacked flavor so I ended up not eating them and giving them to my niece and nephew. We also ordered cheese fries and they were smothered in cheese! Just the way we like them. 

Everyone was chomping on their meals, and my niece and nephew were verbally expressing with mmm sounds as they ate. We were stuffed by the time we finished but we all ordered milkshakes- I got the mint Oreo which is my favorite, someone ordered a strawberry one, a birthday cake one and a plain Oreo milkshake. 

There was nothing but compliments about the food and how good it was. 

The only down fall like my previous reviews is the service. Waiting in the lines to just sit down was terrible, and our waitress kept forgetting about us and took forever to get us refills or anything else we needed. But since the food tasted so good I'm eating it 4 stars and for the fact that a table of 7 all ate and were stuffed and had dessert for only $115 I think it was an awesome deal!
Nifty gets several stars just for being open at midnight tonight and having these killer neon lights to wake me up. But, then there are these cheeseburgers and fries and the fresh OJ n coke mix and shakes and shakes.
What diner around this area, doesn't even serve breakfast past 12? This place. Disappointing after waiting 20 min in line and 10 minutes past 12, I'm told they stop serving breakfast after we are seated. This place is the chuck-e-cheeses of diners. If you want to be surrounded by screaming kids and parents who don't care, with mediocre food...this is your place.
Nifty Fifty's provide for a unique dining out experience. Located on Grant Ave in Northeast Philadelphia .This is a good, fun, and inexpensive way to grab some lunch or dinner. My favorite would have to be the late night visits with friends when coming back from any number of local bars and pubs.

The name is not deceiving, when you walk in be prepared to get transformed back into time. Everything from the outdoor design to the white paper hats that the waiters wear will simply scream old-school at you. The neon fixtures outside, the attire, even the checkered floors are all details that were not missed. When my friends and I first visited the place, we thought we were in the middle of a Pleasantville movie set. The only thing that would make the experience more authentic would be if you could get your whole meal for 25 cents.

Servers and the general dining experience is very average. Due to the very simple menu, food preparation does not take long. After ordering, my party of 4 did not wait more than 15 or so minutes to get our food. Food selection is limited to the basic burger, sandwich, fries, and cheese steak. Very basic diner food, but prepared fresh and well. One item worth noting are the fries. Their fries are prepared on the spot, with freshly cut potatoes.

If you are a soda or a milkshake fanatic, this is the place for you. The ability to mix and match dozens of flavors of soda will truly satisfy anyone's taste. From cherry banana to chocolate cola, the possibilities are endless. You can visit the restaurant everyday of the week for months straight and not have to order the same flavor twice. Milkshakes are also their specialty. Offered in many flavors and toppings, they are served in metal shakers to maintain the themed feel.

In conclusion, Nifty Fifty's offers a good place to grab some lunch or dinner. The atmosphere is fun, the food is good and the prices are fair. If you are in Northeast Philadelphia, definitely make at attempt to make a stop.
I grew up coming here & this is the perfect place to indulge in. They have so many milkshake options to choose from. My favorite is Mint Oreo. As a kid, I loved the variety of sodas they offered, I was in heaven. 

There is usually a wait but it goes by fast and it's fun to see the workers names and drawings on their hats. There is also a window where you can see them cutting fresh potatoes for their fries. I love this, because fresh always tastes better! 

The have a decent menu, hot dogs, burgers, chicken nuggets, chicken tenders, fries, onion rings, salads & they also serve breakfast until 11 am I believe. They are open until midnight which is nice if you want a midnight snack. They are very reasonable! They also have take out if you are in a hurry. 

The milkshakes are huge and it's more than enough to share with someone. I feel the same way about the fries, otherwise you will be taking food home. 

If you have never been here, it is a great experience for anyone.
Nifty fifty's is the ultimate family and friends joint built on a "burger, fries and a shake." Like Friendly's, this was a place I visited as a child and was impressed by the yummy milkshakes. This was the first time in maaanny years I made a special trip to come to summon up some fond memories. Upon arriving, I noticed that parking area was tighter than I remembered. I had to carefully maneuver around the parking lot to safely park. Nevertheless, I squeezed in a spot. Entering the restaurant, I saw people waiting in like for take-out, lots of busyness in the kitchen, orders being taken, and families sitting in laughing and enjoying their time (possibly creating memories of their own). While this may seem romanticized, I wasn't completely thrilled because an overcrowded restaurant to me, translates chaos, wrong orders filled, and careless preparation. This was not completely the case here, but there was few minor incidences.

I wanted to indulge and treat myself, so I ordered a double bacon cheeseburger, french fries and a strawberry cheesecake milkshake--extra thick. All came to $15+change. My order was correct and I think the highlight was the bacon cheeseburger . It was fresh-tasting; had a very good grilled taste; cheese was melted well; and it had a good bun. Surprisingly, the milkshake was not good at all. It was just ice cream with a big piece of gram cracker. No semblance of a milkshake. I know I asked for extra thick but it was literally just ice cream that I could not slurp with a straw. When I go to chick fil a and tell them I want extra thick, they get it just right! 

Glad I made the long trip there for dinner, and while it was a good visit, I will return only for a cheese burger, if or when I am in the area.
This place is so nifty they have so many milkshake choices! Prices are pretty good too. We got the spicy fries, Oreo cookies and cream & Neapolitan shakes, hamburger, and cheese burger. Simple, tasty and very cost efficient! Our bill among 3 people came to be $25 including tips! Unbelievable for a New Yorker like me.
This milkshake brings all the boys to the yard!

Best spicy cheesy fries, onion rings and milkshakes. Love all the flavors of ice cream and soda. Wish they would bring back the roller skates! Lol :)

Love this classic family restaurant. 20 years worth of fine dining and memories!
Nifty Fifty's represents typical diner food at its best. Walking into the diner feels like taking a step back in time. Their burgers are deliciously juicy single, double, or triple patties. Add on a couple of slices of their perfectly cooked bacon and the burger is even better. It's as good as a fast food type of burger can get. Their onion rings are large and crisp. The fries seem handmade. And you have to try one of their shakes. There is a shake for every taste. I tried the butterscotch krimpet shake and it did not disappoint. A perfect vanilla shake with krimpets mixed in. The type of shake you can probably only get in Philly, the krimpet capital of the world. You have to eat it with a spoon as opposed to using the straw.

With diners closing every year, I'm hoping Nifty Fifty's can buck the trend and actually open more, preferably one in Center City Philadelphia.
bottom line ... top quality food and top quality people. Bobby makes the niftys experience and deserves a promotion and raise. if I could eat spicy cheese onion rings and spicy cheese fries everyday for the rest of my life I would. the texas tommy fries are a 6 but I could eat about 17 of the regular texas tommy's (no chili). milkshakes are to die for... can't wait to try eggnog this holiday season. great atmosphere and without a doubt a great place. cheers for bobby !!!!
Its small but I love their food. Their burgers  beat 5guys in my opinion. I love their salad, chili, burgers, & their buffalo chicken loaded fries.
Best milkshakes and value burgers around, but the street road location is much better.  It is less crowded and offers better service.
Service I received this last visit wasn't as good as the times before. My husband and I arrived and stood awkwardly waiting for a table a good 7 minutes before we were acknowledged by anyone. No one was in front of us. 

Our waitress brought our food out and didn't even bother to check whether or not we had silverware. We had to wait until after she took another table's order to get our utensils so that we could eat which was annoying to say the least.

She never came to check on how we were doing. My husband had to flag her down just to get the check. Maybe she was new...idk.
In short: Food=good. Service=terrible. We've been going to Nifty Fifties for years, and have watched the service here gradually get worse and worse. After this last visit, it will be a while before I go back. We were in before the dinner crowd, and the place was maybe 3/4 full. It took a REALLY long time to get our simple order of two cheeseburgers and fries. Like, 25 minutes or so. Our waitress was MIA most of the time, as she was hanging out by the counter and gossiping with the other waitstaff almost the entire time. Twice I had to ask the busboy to ask her for a drink refill. When we ordered a milkshake at the end of our dinner, it took another 15 minutes to make. Seriously?

The burgers are still good, and the milkshakes the best in the area. Despite that, I'm not sure I'm willing to put up with the routinely bad service. With good Five Guys burgers literally right across the street, Nifty Fifties needs to step up their game a bit more. If Five Guys had good milkshakes, I'd probably never be back to Fifties again.

At least Nifty Fifties finally takes credit cards, ever since being busted by the Feds for tax evasion based on their previous all-cash business.
I HATE NIFTY FIFTY'S!!! everything is bad about that place except the ice cream milkshake, whipped cream and the mini golf!! but i warn u sometimes there'll be a lot of back ups.. in the restaurant and on the mini golf course.. one time very recently me and my dad were gonna go play golf at niftys but as we were tryin to find a parking spot we saw a group of about 20 people all walk in at once!! we called it off and went home
Huge, mouth watering, delicious burgers, and tons of fun soda flavors. The soda can be hit or miss though, but there's certainly variety for you, and you can have as many refills as you want. I LOVE their regular cola. It tastes just like those cola gummy candies. The fries are ok, but nothing especially good (in my opinion, but my sister is a fan). Their ketchup tastes homemade and is a bit more vinegary than generic ketchup, which I like. 

Outrageous wait times and crowding are the only thing preventing Nifty Fifty's from being 5 stars. The building is small, so everyone is crammed together when they wait. And boy is there always a line. It took us about an hour to just get seated! When we did takeout and ordered over the phone, it still took 15 minutes to get the attention of someone at the front desk. Staring at our finished food just sitting there out of reach was agony. I wish they did delivery because I really do like the food, but for now you know you're in for some suffering first no matter how you order.
I came to Philadelphia for a video game tournament and one of the guys suggested Nifty Fifty's for Sunday lunch. He swore they had the best malts he'd ever tasted. We were all very very very happy with our choice for a meal. The wait was rather long, which I took as a great sign. I got a single cheeseburger with [free] toppings, lettuce, tomato, mayo, raw onions, and a Philly cheesesteak with provolone and a side of fries. (Godlike.) Also, the cherry lemon-lime soda is the best I've ever tasted and I wish we had food like this in Boston. The prices were also really great and reasonable. The cheese fries came with three types of cheese, and everyone else enjoyed their meals thoroughly. I liked the open kitchen and seeing the huge giant cans of "Cheez Whiz" stacked about made me laugh a bit. 

Oh, Philly. I'll see you again December 2012 and February 2013, and will definitely try to make time for your fantastic Nifty Fifty's and all of their cheese toppings. 

Note: Really great hangover food.
This place used to be my old stomping ground back in 2009 when I was in high school. Im so glad it is still a great choice. Now I work pretty close so in grabbing lunch from here constantly. 

This is a 50's style "diner"  with so many options for soda and many shakes as well. My favorite shake being the strawberry shortcake milkshake.  They actually blend a slice of cake into this milkshake !!! 

I normally get the golden grill chicken sandwich! It is so good because they pour cheese on it which takes it from an 8 to a solid ten for me. The fries are really good as well. I love just about everything from here too.
Best Milkshakes, Amazing Fries, and Yummy Burgers For Such an Affordable Price.

Nifty Fifty's is great place to take your kids, and a group of you friends out. Its affordable, waiting for food is just the right amount of time for a burger and fries place. It's small, long waits, a bit crowded and constantly busy, but still a great place to eat out for fries, burger and milkshakes. 

It's amazing how they are able to make a tiny burger taste yummy. It has all of the original vegetables inside of a normal burger, tomato, pickles, etc. but are able to find a way to make it taste good and filling. 

The milkshake is something that should be recognized, and be given a good rating for. I would have to say, it probably is the best milkshake I have ever had. They do give a lot of milkshake, and I'm thinking that heir goal is to give you a heart attack before the age of 35, but its okay! Because its yummy ...

Personal Note: Nifty Fifty, isn't my style of food, and I'm not such a big fan of burgers and fries. However, Nifty Fifty's does deserve a 4 to 5 star for its afforable prices, and good food. I may not like burgers and fries, but I can tell you, this place would probably be one of my favorites if I did love it. Besides enjoying the food, I am able to brings kids or friends to hang out.
At first I was skeptical...the place is a little outdated (bathroom needs some help). The overall decor - the sparkly red retro booths are a fun twist to the 50s theme but the floor tiles need a upgrade. The waitress was really friendly and checked in on us a few times which was nice. We started off with an order of crab fries. Oh my goodness, Chickie's & Pete's step aside!!! There are real pieces of crab meat in here and the old bay seasoning...mmmmm mmmmm...I could've just had that for my dinner. 

For dinner we had a regular cheesesteak, buffalo chicken cheesesteak and a bacon bleu burger salad. First off, do yourself a favor don't get the salad. If you are coming here expect to eat bad lol. The burger was dry (probably cause it was sitting out on salad and dryng out) and the salad was so boring. The sandwiches on the other hand....amazing!! Highly recommend the buffalo chicken cheesesteak, chicken is moist and the roll was really nice and crusty. The out of towner said the cheesesteak was really good. I'll take her word for it cause it really did look delicious.  Finally we got dessert - the milkshakes are out of this world. We tried the smores, mint chocolate oreo and the twisted chocolate and vanilla shakes...we were totally satisfied. If I find myself in Northeast Philly, I will def stop by here for a sweet treat!
I like nifty fiftys...its a classic. The line can get pretty long so try and catch them for lunch or during the weekday. They have your classic burgers, onion rings and fries. Love their rings and cheese fries. They also have a crazy amount of drinks for you to choose from, seriously a crazy amount...a whole page to be exact. You can pick a new flavor each time you get a refill so you can try various ones. It's a great place to go for a classic burger and fries on a budget.
Delicious food for a decent price. This place is magnificent from the burgers to the variety of smothered fries, from the hot dogs to the milkshakes! You name it! 

I would give this place 5 stars if they would try and expand their restaurant. The long wait times anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour just to be seated. Then, during the winter months, you're standing at the door and when the customers leave, the door opens and you freeze your butt off. 

The customer service is excellent and everyone is courteous and friendly.

I definitely love this place just try and expand the place so we don't have to wait hours on end to be seated! 

Definitely will be coming back though!
A very disappointing experience and a waste of $20. Ordered 15 chicken nuggets, they were so dry that my two year old grandson couldn't eat them. Ordered a large fries and they were warm from sitting under a light. I ordered a cherry grape drink that was very weak and you more tasted seltzer water. 

On top of that, we waited like forever for this poorly prepared product.  The place was so chaotic!!! No organization at all. I called the manager and spoke to Jennifer who told me to never come on the weekend because they are so busy, no an acceptable excuse!! I said how am I supposed to know that? Just an overall mess!! Buyers beware.
Hands down the most fresh and delicous food i have tasted. Every single thing on the menu is mouth watering.

The milkshakes cannot be matched. They have so many damn flavers to choose from that it took me longer to decide on the milkshake than the food. Bonus: you can mix flavors.

The service was fast and the wait for food was not long at all. The waiters were friendly and was very cheerful.

Bottom line awsome spot!!
I have to admit, the hokey fifties decor and the waiters' outfits will be big turnoffs for most adults, but Nifty Fifty's eclipses other fifty's-style burger joints with food that really, truly rocks your socks off. Since the early nineties, Philadelphia Magazine has named Nifty Fifties to its Best of Philly list in eight separate categories: Best Value for the Family, Best Ice Cream Soda, Best Ice Cream Sundae, Best Texas Tommy, Best 50s Style Eatery, Best Hot Dog, Best Milkshake (won two separate years), and Best Cheesesteak. The burgers and fries are pretty incredible, too.

So with this tremendous list of accomplishments, what MUST one order if given only one trip Philly's favorite fifty's style eatery? Personally, I never miss a chance to order a basket of those amazing Pistol Pete's fresh cut spicy fries (a little cheese over the top never hurts, though it depends on my mood; sometimes I find it to be overkill). The entree is always a bit of a problem for me: do I order a burger or a Texas Tommy (a dog wrapped in bacon and smothered with cheddar cheese)? Finally, I always order a milkshake at Nifty Fifty's. They're enormous, and the options are endless, though I consistently find myself ordering peanut butter Oreo -- the chunks of Oreo always end up surprising me. 

Amazingly, this award-winning family restaurant has opened a number of locations over the past few years, and you can now find the same incredible concoctions in Clementon, NJ, Delaware Co., PA, and Bensalem, PA.
Some people love Nifty Fifty's, especially for the ice cream.  But my sister is a chocolate addict and the fact she hates their milkshakes says a lot.  They have a ton of flavors, both for Shakes and for Soda... but I haven't been impressed by any of them.  I've gone at least three or four times over the years and nothing ever seems that great.

Lately I"m trying to cut back on the soda, but I love it, and love a real Cherry coke with grenadine more than anything.  But as fake as soda is... whatever Nifty does to flavor their's just makes it taste even faker to me.  That makes no sense but it just comes off extremely artificial tasting.  And as for the chocolate shake, my sister can tell immediately when it's really chocolate ice or just vanilla that they mix chocolate flavoring into.  Nifty's failed that test.
I love nifty fifty's.

Unfortunately, this particular restaurant on Grant avenue is filthy. Everytime I have eaten there, I've gotten food poisoning.
This place won me over before I sat down to eat simply because of the music selection. I *love* "oldies" and this place plays the hits. But I'm sure that's not what you care about...

This location is usually pretty crowded, and sometimes there's a wait, but the upside is that they have a parking lot, so that's one thing you don't have to worry about. The service is super fast and the last time we were there we had a waiter who was one of the happiest, friendliest people I've ever met. Generally the service staff are in a good mood and very attentive. Nifty Fifty's really caters to families with young children and there are always crayons readily available for the kids to make little hats with.

Anyway, onto the food. Their burgers taste like they were made in my backyard. Very simple but scrumptious, and you can get whatever you want on them. I normally go for cheese, fried onions, and mushrooms. Their spicy cheesy french fries are my favorite thing about this place. I could devour the entire basket if no one stopped me. They remind me a little bit of Chickie and Pete's "crab fries," which I also love. 

The most important part of this place is, of course, their milkshakes. They have, oh, I don't know...about 600 choices to choose from? Seriously, though, it's a LOT. Fruity ones, chocolate ones, yogurt ones, the list goes on. Whatever you want, they'll have it. Cheesecake ones, cookie ones...more just keep coming to mind. And they're HUGE. I mean, you can fill up a regular glass and have a metal container with leftovers. Or you can take your dessert to-go and they'll give you a giant styrofoam cup. The only problem with that is they are normally filled with chunky bits of goodness and you can't get the pieces up the straw!

They also have something which doesn't interest me, but may be fun for your kids: customizable soda drinks. I see sodas coming out all the time that are blue or green or pink or red. The kids really like them.

Anyway, this place is super kitch-y and there are kids all over, but if you're craving burgers, fries, and milkshakes - this is the place for you! It's super cheap and makes you feel youthful!
Because it's a NE staple. Cheap prices. Lots of varieties of milkshakes and flavored sodas. I hear the burgers are good and the chicken nuggets are real chicken chunks but I wouldn't know. Obviously not a lot of vegetarian option and absolutely no vegan options excepts for fries which are yummy and available in a variety of flavors. It's just a fun place to take the kids. They love coloring their own hats. We all love the lights and the music. They get salads and  onion rings and fries and I have let them split a milkshake with their Daddy which they think is really fun. They are in junk food heaven. It's fun, easy and inexpensive. Simple. Low stars for the non veg options but hey, I'm probably the minority in a place like this.
I think the burgers here are delicious and the onion rings are huge. The employees here have always been nice when I've went and I've never had any trouble with my meal. The service is always pretty fast and I'm usually out within 30-35 minutes. I haven't tried any desserts here yet, but my fiance has tried out the milkshakes and says they are very good. The atmosphere is nice and definitely looks like a 50's burger joint. They have a juke box that plays oldies as well, which doesn't bother me at all since I enjoy listening to all the oldies. I love having me a burger every once and a while, so when I'm in the mood for one I head over to Nifty Fifty's.
Sometimes I like this place. But other times, I wonder why I even bother. I can't think of another place more polarizing than this one. I've been to this place dozens of times over the years. I just never know which Nifty Fifty's I am walking into. The better food experiences definitely come when it's less crowded. As the place begins to fill up, the quality of the meal definitely goes down hill. Unfortunately, the last few times I've been in, the place has seemed less than clean. 

If you can get into this place before the evening rush, then it should be worth the trip. but if the lines is starting to back up, it's probably better to skip it all together. The inconsistency is what is going to kill this place for me.
Service is terrible but the shakes made to order heavenly. Added marshmallow to a chocolate shake and I'm still smiling
This place is a Northeast Philadelphia staple. From going here after grade school dances to stopping in for breakfast on senior skip day, Nifty Fifties holds a special place in my heart. However, it's definitely gone downhill over the years, but I guess so has the Northeast. I really cannot tell if it just seemed nicer when I was younger or if it actually was. 

Anyway, I stopped in the other day with my girlfriend for some fries and a milkshake. Our waitress, I think her name was Darby, was really nice and quick with everything we asked for. The food was decent but the crowd was a little rough.
I was pretty upset about the breakfast I had this morning. The place was packed and I am usually understanding that busy places have slower service. Yet it took a long time before seeing our server and ordered our drinks and food at the same time. Then I later see her squeezing orange juice after she forgot one of our side orders. Sadly, she couldn't hear us very well because we were seated right next to the hectic kitchen. 

Once we got our food, it was mediocre. I ordered a breakfast sandwich with scrapple and they cut the piece in half! Yet my friend ordered a side and received a whole piece. The bagel was generic, and although the sandwich was tasty enough, I would prefer a more local, divey diner to this establishment. 

Don't even get me started on the joke that was the bathroom either. I couldn't believe it. The a/c dripped in me while I was peeing. Ew. 

Tl;dr?
Go to a diner for breakfast. Go here for a milkshake. That's about it.
Every once in a while you go against your better instincts.  I walked into NF and there was a line to order take out.  Maybe  (I thought) this is a good greasy spoon, Wrong!.  The best thing about Niffty Fifty's is the name.  Great name!  Nothing we got as a take out order was very good.  Food was greasy and tasteless, but the worst of all and most disappointing were the ice cream based treats.  This place looks like an old fashion ice cream and hamburger joint and should excel at making ice cream treats and good quality burgers.  Maybe we hit a bad night, but we got neither.
Fast, cheap, very fattening, and delicious. 

Fries and shakes are amazing!

It's a cute atmosphere and a classic Philly location.  I prefer the one on Grant to the one in Bensalem though.
We actually dined here two mornings in a row, mainly because it was conveniently located near our lodging.

Nifty Fifty's looks like... a fifties diner and probably not as "nifty" as it once may have looked. Lots of black and white checkered decor and motif throughout. 

We ordered a Fifties omelette (ham, cheese bell pepper) and French toast on day 1 and a steak and cheese omelette and chocolate chip pancakes on day 2. Both tasted fine. Service was fine. The syrup bottle was sticky as heck and that bugged me. Prices are very good. Less than 10 bucks for a hearty 3 egg omelette is a great deal. Their griddle food prices are average for the portion size though.
I wrote a review for the Nifty Fifty's in Bensalem, which you can check out.  That location is just a better overall restaurant.  Grant Ave. is just dirty and smells bad.

Our counter girl was nice and helpful, but she was preparing salad dressings in plastic ramekins very sloppily, and then not washing her hands to come assist me with the order of milkshakes.  

I don't think she made them, but they were quite good.
Its been a good while since i last had Nifty Fifty's, there was a short decline post sentencing back in 2013, which made me walk away with fond memories of Nifty's at peak. Suffice to say its been a few years, and I'm happy to say things have sorted themselves out- on a bit of whim and whimsy i decided to give it a try after a few years feeling nostalgic.

Me and my usual dining bud dropped into the place around 10:30 and remained for roughly an hour- half an hour past closing. I opted to grab a Chili Texas Tommy, Smothered Steak Fries, a Triple Bacon Cheeseburger, and 6 piece nugget. My cohort a regular Texas Tommy, Cheese fries, and a Regular Bacon Cheeseburger. For drinks i kept things minimal trying the new Pineapple Cheesecake that hadn't been an option since i last came, and a black and white (Which was pretty good)

Service was a little bit on the slow side considering it wasn't that packed- so was the uptake on refills for the drinks. The food also took a bit longer than i'd have liked to prepare, but it wasn't overly slow. After the wait /most/ of the food came out fantastic, if a bit sloppy (Looking at you chili Texas Tommy), but that just means its loaded up with even more of the good stuff.

The burgers were well cooked and served open face so we could apply our own condiments if desired, I opted out of them to enjoy the cacophony of meat cheese and bacon in all of its glory. The bacon was good-  crisp, but not charred. The burgers came out fairly juicy, but the cheese was a bit on the lighter side, still tasted great though. If i didn't know better id say is coming off a block of sharp cheddar being cut per burger based on the size and shape of the cheese.

The loaded fries were larger than i remembered, decent portions of steak, and absolutely cloaked in a bed of sharp cheddar- which tasted fantastic. Fries were decently crisp considering the amount of Whiz on them, yes, whiz, with a Z, the way cheese fries are meant to be.

Texas Tommy's were nice and plump, bacon wrapped directly around the dog and cooked to perfection, loaded with so much chili & whiz that i probably should have been eating it with a fork. (Spoiler alert, i didn't, a full tree probably died so i could gently wipe up whiz from my lips after each bite.)
 
The chicken nuggets were a real letdown, and not because they tasted bad- that'd be hard to accomplish. I know they're breaded and fried in house, and the meat quality is solid- if tradition hasn't changed at least, but boy were they left in the fryer too long. Came out extra crispy, so crispy in fact- if i hadn't noticed and been careful- if i had instead, tried to eat them with reckless abandon we'd have to add an additional 2 X's to "extra" equation from what it'd have done to my teeth. Still enjoyed them but i had to be really careful about how i ate them.

Drinks were fantastic, as usual with plain green, didn't taste much in the way of cheesecake with my Pineapple Cheesecake, but that's okay, the pineapple was delicious- half tempted to just order a cheesecake soda the next time just to see what it is supposed to taste like, black and white was reminiscent of an egg cream- and fantastic as well.

All in all i enjoyed the experience, and i'm proud of the franchise for hanging in there and recovering the way it has. With most of my fears from the state of things in 2013, i'll definitely be back sometime soon.

Flavor & Presentation 4/5   |   Service & Speed 2.75/5   |   Price & Proportion  4.5/5

Overall 4/5
I've been going here since I was alittle kid. Their food is great and so is their milkshakes. Their prices got even higher though in the past few years. Just for cheese fries, a double burger and a milkshake it was almost $20. I prefer going to the one in Bensalem because it is bigger. The prices won't stop me though, I love their food.
I took my daughter for her 14th birthday. I was underwhelmed, the place was dingy and crowded. We had to stand in line and wait to be seated. When we were finally seated tour table was still dirty and sticky from the previous diners. 

The waitress was nice, but seemed overwhelmed and was actually sweating from running around so much.  She cleaned our table and ordered our food. I think we ordered extra food because between standing in line and our neighboring diners, I got a contact high from the weed stench. (I can't blame the restaurant for that, I know they have no control over that.)They do have control over the table of 8 young highschoolers that were TOTALLY OBNOXIOUS AND LOUD...intentionally breaking dishes and throwing food as the staff laughed and engaged their nonsense!

The food is the reason this place received any stars at all, every thing from the burgers to the cheesy onion rings and fries were delicious. My wife and daughter had the milkshakes and said they were stellar. this place needs a good cleaning and the staff needs to be upgraded and retrained on how to work  at a hectic pace but still maintain a level of control professionalism.
I grew up not far from this place. I hadn't been here for years. I must say that I found the place to be way better then I recall growing up!

We arrived to a small line. The line seemed longer then it really was because the wait space is cluttered with quarter collection, lottery ticket,and crane machines! No one was using any of those and it made the line seem a lot longer because of the limited space.

The place was packed. Bussers and servers were turning and cleaning tables as quickly as possible. I was so hungry! I was excited when we finally got our table. I recalled the burgers being small so I ordered the double Leo. My friend and I split a large cheese fries. It was a big order and they were fantastic! Best fries. My burger was seasoned perfectly. I would have preferred it a little more well done but I didn't ask for it that way do I take the blame. Cheese slice was think and creamy. 

I had been so hot from the heat and the waitress picked up on that and brought lots of refills quickly. I really wanted a milkshake but I was so full and being diabetic it made sense to skip it. So many options..I mean if you are healthy go for one! I used to live cherry cheesecake! 

This place is small but run well. It's nostalgic for me because I remember when it opened when I was in hs. It's clean, fair priced, and the service is great! Those that love a 50's gimmick will really love it but for me the fries and memories will always bring me back.
Been going to Nifty Fifty's for years and years.  Love it here!  Yes it's loud and service can be slow but the food is decent and we always have a good time.  They have every flavor milkshake you can imagine and their Pistol Pete's spicy nuggets are great.
I went here thinking it would be the same as it was years ago, but i was wrong. First we ordered our drinks and they offered "nifty cola" aka some off brand gross wanna-be coke. I got the chicken fingers and buffalo sauce. It was also gross. Used the restroom, which was hands down the dirtiest, unsanitary restroom ive ever been in, bars included. I was so grossed out that i lost my appetite and left. Our waitress was friendly and did a great job, but shew, never again
This place is phenomenal. We went there for the first time and we will absolutely be back . The diner theme is still fun , I think it's cute . You could tell the staff was working hard too. The milkshakes !!! The amount of milkshakes they have is overwhelming and amazing !! Unfortunately,  I got so stuffed on breakfast that I missed out on a milkshake
I've went twice on a weekend and it's always extremely busy. Like line out the door. I love their milkshakes, the turkey burger was a bit salty and the food just felt heavy. I haven't eaten guilty pleasure food like this in forever. Overall a good spot for something quick and a cheat day!
Too crowded, too noisy and slow service. Other then that once getting our food, it was delicious! 

Too bad this restaurant doesn't expand because, they're always packed with customers. They must be doing something right!
Where do begin...as soon as you open the door you get hit with a smell like cleaning chemicals...very off putting...I ordered 2 eggs over easy..hash browns and scrapple with rye toast...the eggs were over cooked ..the hash browns had a smell like piss and the taste was no better...the scrapple was dry ...the best thing was the rye toast...NEVER AGAIN..the waitress was great but the food really was very offensive. Could not get outta there fast enough !
Great restaurant! We are welcomed every week by Bobby's smiling face. He really is the best guy at that whole restaurant. He deserves to be promoted right this instant. Derrick is also always great, he's second tier to Bobby. No one can be as good as Bobby, but he does a good job. Great honey mustard.
Let me begin by saying the food by itself is 5 stars, and the milkshakes would break the rating system because they are so good. Now that I have mentioned this I can say why I had to give this 5 stars. The service here is hit or miss. I don't mean a slight variation, I mean it could be amazing service or some of the worst service ever. Luckily it generally leans toward the positive end of the spectrum and the service is good, but I have encountered some memorably bad waiters here. The line moves pretty quick so a long line isn't discouraging, but when it is crowded there are kids running around everywhere. This can be avoided by going at off time or during breakfast when it is a more relaxed feel in there. Overall though, the positives far outweigh any negatives and the food is consistently good.
Today I was in the mood for a thick caramel cheesecake milkshake. So I headed to the place that makes them the best. I was the only customer at the take out section and assumed this would be easy. I spoke clear and adequate when the milkshake was ordered. So I thought it couldn't possibly be any errors. I waited for approximately 8-10 minutes for what I thought would be the perfect milkshake. Once the cup was in my hand I became extremely excited thinking this in the moment I have been wanting for. The first milkshake of the summer! I entered my car about to blast some cool tunes while I enjoyed my milkshake. All my hopes went down the drain once I sipped the cup. It wasn't the caramel cheesecake milkshake I ordered. It was just a CARAMEL MILKSHAKE
For me, Nifty Fifty's is synonmous for Out-Of-This-World milkshakes.  They have a plethora of flavor options, and even if they don't have it on the menu, they'll make it up for you.  Last time, I told the waiter I was thinking of a strawberry cheesecake milkshake.  (Yes!  They have such a thing!)  He highly recommended the apple pie milkshake.  It's not on the list.  "Don't worry," he says.  "Order the apple pie milkshake."

This shake had real apple chunks and pie crust with cinnamon and spices.  Holy Thanksgiving dinner!  Granted, the milkshake did not carry one of the beauties of apple pie ala mode of the disparity of hot pie with the cold ice cream.  This milkshake still brought me to the yard.

I also love the table-top juke boxes and the rockin' music selection.

Hmm... I want a milkshake now.
I really enjoy eating at Nifty Fifites.  It's a great burger/fast food place!  The fries are awesome, milkshakes/malts are delicious, and food is reasonably priced.  When I go there, I alternate between ordering a Mushroom Swiss Burger, Texas Tommy, BBQ beef sandwich, and Chicken Nuggets.  The burgers are small (compared to most restaurants); think back yard BBQ size, so order a double if you're hungry.  My dad used to order two hamburgers.  There is fifties music playing in the background, and kids get their own soda jerk hat to personalize!

Downsides to this place:  Its rather disorganized up front when waiting for seating.  The front is small, has video games, a take out counter, and the line for seating.  I always feel like I am in the way.    

But check it out anyway... it's fun and kids love it!
This used to be a great place to go but now... not so much. The milk shakes are awesome but that's where it ends. The food is bland, greasy and tasteless and therefore mediocre at best. EVERY single time I have eaten here my food has come out with hair in it! Disgusting!!!! Have you people ever heard of hair nets?!?! The only reason I'm being generous and giving this place 2 stars is because the milkshakes are so good. If your looking for a good milkshake then this is the place to go. If your looking for good food then skip it. There are far better places to eat around the neighborhood.
Place has been here for years.  Let me start by saying everything is fresh and they are one of the few places that uses real wiz ,  Fries are cut right there from potatoes.  Hands down the best chicken fingers ever, just order some.  great burgers if you like a small, fresh burger.  Great onion rings.  the only item i did not care for was their chili. (Timmy D's has the best in the city)   Great egg creams, milk shakes and flavored soda.
This was my first trip to Philly and I was wanting to try the local spots.. This location was suggested for their shakes and food. 
We waited 90 minutes for shakes and food.
 The bananas foster tasted like green bananas were used for flavor and nothing else. The remaining 5 shakes were "ok".
The food was cold. The nuggets were dry and one person in our party ordered a chicken Philly and got a steak. When asked about it the server gave us the same reasoning for the slow service.. The expediter was new.  We sent the fries back and the replacements were good.
Who doesn't love Nifty Fiftys?

First off, you have to know that this is a Diner. So if you're not into diner food, don't bother. The atmosphere is retro and casual. The service is great and the huge variety of shakes and sodas is what they're known for.

It's a great place for a simple burger and fries. Why do people waste money on McDonalds when places like this do it so much better? The breakfast is also deliciously comforting. The last time I was here I tried the buffalo chicken cheese fries because they sounded awesome. They tasted even better than I hoped! Full of flavor, super filling, and so cheap.
The food is good and the atmosphere is nice. The only unsettling part is that when sitting by the window you can always see dead flies on the window sills.
Good burgers, great milkshakes(try the banana w/ fresh bananas). Can get crowded quick, so get there early for breakfast( decent, quailty really depends on who's cooking) & before 5:30 for dinner. If you want something a little on the healthy side, they do put together a tasty selection of salads. The only peeve I have on this place is that I went there for the BBQ beef samich, & they took it off the regular menu & now it's an occasional menu item. PUT THE BBQ BEEF SAMICH BACK ON THE REGULAR MENU!!!
I was here tonight with my family and again I'm very annoyed and upset..... I spent over  $6 for a milkshake and they didn't even fill it up. It was just a little over half way full. My large Cheese fries were dry, barely had any wiz on them I had to ask for more cheese and was charged for it like it was my fault. I definitely won't be  owing back here for a long time. I don't know what happened to nifty fiftys but they definitely lost their touch they're not like they use to be. I'm very disappointed in them. I shouldn't have to pay for something that's not full or cheesy especially since my bill was $97. I'm very upset in this place thanks for ruining my night
This is a really fun place to grab a bite to eat.  As the name indicates, it is fifty's themed diner serving the expected American dishes.  Although it has perhaps the very best milkshakes ever.  I especially recommend the peanut butter oreo shake.  A group of us went for lunch and were lucky enough to have both Linda and Laurence take care of us.  They talked us through the options and made great recommendations.  I will definitely be back soon!
Breakfast......

You can't go wrong with the basic 2 egg platter.
Great value for 2.25 cents
The food here is a great value. Service is fair to good depending on the time of day.
Make sure you ask for Jenn as your server.

Enjoy...
Waited 40 min for food!! Then food was cold! Ask to speak with manger she was very nasty! An mean about it. I usually love this place.... But tonight made me not like it! Smh
This place use to be good but as the clientele gets worse (left overs from walmart) so does the service.  If u want food that's bad for you and don't mind slow service then you will love it.
I kind of love Nifty's.

Cheesy, tacky decorations, teenage but not grumpy staff, and delicious milkshakes and fried foods.

Definitely a guilty pleasure restaurant, the opposite of diet friendly , get a New York Egg Cream or Milkshake  and Cheese Fries.
Nasty nasty old nasty outdated nasty old nasty outdated nasty nasty rats nasty kitchens nasty old nasty Nasty nasty old nasty outdated nasty old nasty outdated nasty nasty rats nasty kitchens nasty old nasty Nasty nasty old nasty outdated nasty old nasty outdated nasty nasty rats nasty kitchens nasty old nasty
Ordered a Texas Tommy and milkshake to go.   Shake was Meh.  Tommy was not edible.  There was half a bottle of mustard on it.

After cleaning it up, I have the following comments:
1) Generic bland roll,
2) Hot Dog of indeterminable meat
3) tiny, tiny piece of bacon
4) fake Cheese Wiz.  Supposed to come with melted cheddar, needless to say this was not it.

I shot them an email as I did not discover the abomination until about 10 miles away.
No response.
