I enjoy this place. There is a sauce station that allows you to mix your own sauce. If you don't know what to do, they also have instructions on good combos that work together. I only had the bbq a few times but mainly we order the hot pot. It's all you can eat and they are pretty quick to come out with your food. There's always servers walking around and they come walking around to refill the stock if it boils down.
Took my mom here for dinner to celebrate her birthday on a Saturday. The place was pretty crowded around 6:30; we had a party of 5 and I was worried about a possibly long wait but luckily, we were seated right away. There is Wi-Fi available and a two hour time limit seating policy per visit, which I don't think they really enforce unless the place is busy beyond belief. There are 2 options to choose from- AYCE Hot Pot for $22.99 and AYCE BBQ for $27.99 or you can choose to enjoy both BBQ & Hot Pot for $32.99. We opted for both since my mom can't live without her veggies but me on the other hand, isn't a fan of hot pot and simmering meats. 

We ordered practically everything off the BBQ menu (chicken wings, gizzard, beef tongue, sirloin steak, fillet beef, beef short rib, pork belly, pork chop, duck, sausage, etc.) and also a good amount of hot pot items as well. They offer 6 different types of soup base and we chose the original style (the spicy style is probably the most popular but my mom doesn't like spicy). The raw meats and seafood came out right away but seem like they took forever to cook since their grill is small and isn't hot enough (unlike the ones in NY) but it still got the job done...after a while. The seafood pancake were my favorite, so crispy and tasty that I finished the whole thing. 

However, the "marinated" meats were tasteless and some were tough to eat (not overcooked). Definitely help yourself to some sauces at the condiment station. Service was a bit slow and disorganized; the girl gave us the rudest look when we asked for seconds, seriously? Overall, the whole experience and meal wasn't bad, it was OK and my mom had a great time. The quality of everything was decent, pricing is reasonable so you get what you pay for. Just an FYI, this isn't authentic Korean BBQ, the only Korean thing about it is the style of cooking the food on the grill, the owners, staff, marinates and sauces are all Chinese.
I'm not sure if I went to the same place as the other reviewers.  I'm shocked that the reviews thus far are glowing.  Utterly baffled.  I can only comment on the "Korean" BBQ, as I didn't go try the shabu shabu.  

In short:  avoid.  even the marinated meat is sadly lacking in flavor, and there's no ssamjang.  WTF?  No seasoning and no sauce on top of that= fail.  I'm heavily biased, as I'm Korean, and I've been eating KBBQ since on the teat, but jeez, this place is bad.  

Yes, there's meat here and yes, it's all you can eat, but that's about it for positives.  

Issues:  

1. Management isn't Korean and it appears that they didn't bother to google Korean marinade recipes.  It's seriously not that hard:  sugar, sesame oil, garlic, and ginger will make everything taste good and it's as simple as that.  For pork and chicken: add gochujang (red pepper paste) and korean chili powder to the aforementioned 4 ingredients.  Seriously, not hard.  

2. You need ssam jang- mix of gochujang and korean miso, sugar, sesame oil. Imagine getting a burger from a restaurant and they don't have ketchup or mayo or BBQ sauce or aioli.  On top of that, the beef isn't seasoned- no salt, no pepper.  Sorry, no flavor for you!  This is what happened to me- I asked for pepper paste, I got a small plate with ground black pepper, straight from the can.  Baffled.  

3.  Your grills suck.  Anything with a non stick surface becomes toxic when it gets hot enough, and as a precaution, your non-stick grills can't get hot enough.  So, there's no chance of actually grilling meat.  You're merely sitting at a table and slowly steaming your meat away.  No maillard reaction, no caramelization, no flavor.  Yes, it's a lot less work for you, because you don't have to swap grates for people, but it results in a terrible product and experience. 
I tried to cook some raw shrimp, and it took over 5 mins a side, because the grate can't get hot.  On a home stove, the same thing would take 30 seconds a side.  That's how bad the grills are.

As the average yelper's probably off instagramming their artisan gelato by this point, I'll end here, but in short, this place blows. Never again.
This is a hidden gem everyone should try. They offer hot pot and Korean BBQ all you can eat. It's super authentic food that is of great quality. I highly recommend just spending the extra money and doing both the All You Can Eat Hot Pot and Korean BBQ, you won't be disappointed. 

On top of the amazing food and unique experience, their service is top notch. They are very attentive when it comes to clearing plates, changing out your bbq grill, and making sure your hot pot has enough brother. 

I absolutely love this place!
This was my first experience with Korean BBQ and I am blown away! A group of friends and I were able to get one of the private rooms (10 person minimum) for Friday night at 9:30 PM. We made the reservation pretty last minute, so we were thrilled to be able to snag one of the rooms! We packed up a few coolers with drinks to take advantage of the fact that Nine Ting is BYOB, and came hungry for some All You Can Eat fun.

Our group included one Korean BBQ pro, so he took the lead on ordering and cooking. Right away, we were greeted by the staff and brought water, cups for our BYO drinks, and small dishes of peanuts, kimchi, and seaweed salad to snack on while we waited for the meat and veggies to arrive. From what I could tell, my friend that took the lead placed an order for our "first round" right away, and that came within 10 minutes. The server that brought the food helped us set up the grills and even stayed a bit longer to help us cook because she wanted to make sure everyone got something to eat right away.

Of the meats we tried, I really enjoyed the steak and pork belly. The chicken we ordered was also delicious, and had a great seasoning/marinade situation. We also helped ourselves to the plentiful selection of sauces, and mixed some of our own per the guidance from our KBBQ pro.

From start to finish, this was a great evening and I want to make this a regular occurrence. For about $40 total per person (with tax, tip, mixer drinks, etc), this was worth every single penny!
ALL YOU CAN (M)EAT.

I've been waiting for this place to open and it did not disappoint.

We opted for the Hot Pot and the Korean BBQ combo ($31, just Hot Pot is $21.99, just Korean BBQ is $26.99). We ordered a TON of food- It was overwhelming. Meat coming at you from every angle, vegetable plates piled high with greens, and steaming broth basically giving you a facial. WE WERE SO PSYCHED.

Here are some tips so you don't get overwhelmed:
-Ask for separate bills. (I think they take all cards).
-BYOB (!!)
-They take reservations. Make one. This place is hot and awesome.
-If you're debating between hot pot and BBQ, go for the hot pot.

Hot Pot/Shabu Shabu
-Everyone can get a personal broth bowl, and you can have a giant bowl to share. We really liked the spicy, pork bone, and kimchi broth(comes with thinly sliced ricecake). They also have tomato and original.
-The vegetables came in a giant plate, put them in the broth, get rid of the plate, and don't forget them, mushy veggies are gross.
-Ramen- see above.
-Beef and Lamb come in those thinly sliced things, just a few dips and they're ready. Shabu Shabu means swish swish after all, That's all it takes to cook these.
-Chicken and Pork come in bigger chunks, put them in the kimchi broth.
-Shrimp comes with the shell on, not sure it's worth the work of getting the shell off for a small shrimp.
-If one of your friends suggests fishballs,be warned, they are really hard to grab with chopsticks, and there are definitely a few that bounced around/ended up on the floor.
-Ask for bowls. Slurp that broth up.
-Ask for tongs/extra chopsticks so you don't touch the raw meat with your chopsticks.
-Take the waiters up on their constant offers to switch out your plate.
-Hit the sauce station. Hard. Make several combos. A spicy one, a peanut sesame, a bbq sauce. All the sauces.

Korean BBQ
-The seafood pancake was just a pancake. Don't expect seafood. It was good though.
-Prawns come head on, and are pretty big.
-Short ribs are GOOD.
-Duck and Lamb were also excellent.
-The funnest part of Korean BBQ is the bonchon, their sides were pretty sad (edamame, pickled radish and carrot, seaweed salad, peanuts, kimchi, meh).
-The waiters will take care of cooking this all for you, just hand them your plate and collect perfectly cooked, cut up meat. Kevin was the best.
-They give you a GIANT basket of lettuce for lettuce wraps for the meat.

They give you oranges and melon after.

Some downsides: The limited size of my stomach. There was a drip in the ceiling, luckily it wasn't over any food. The waiters are really relieved when people speak Chinese, speak clearly and point to things on the menu to avoid miscommunication. 

The place has a great ambiance. It's mostly big tables with benches, and we comfortably fit 6 (even after eating all that).

Go here now.
My little sister dragged me here for Korean BBQ, hearing over reviews from her friends and my experience there was nothing but horrible, as well as irritating. 

We asked for a table for three, only to be taken to a room shared by another party we didn't know, so staring at complete strangers in a room is awkward. Very, very awkward. The staff could've asked us if we were okay with this, rather than assuming we'd be okay with it (we weren't, but I didn't want to make it a big deal so we sucked it up and stayed) -- when we ordered, our server who didn't make any sense whatsoever kept pointing at different photos and nodding, basically pushing us and deciding what we should eat, rather than allowing us to make a choice and scoffing at what we wanted to eat, by then I wanted to go home but because my little sister wanted to eat and was hungry, I didn't want to be a party pooper.

It wasn't until our server yelled at me for using too much butter to cook the meat in. EXCUSE ME, SIR. THIS IS AMERICA, I CAN USE AS MUCH BUTTER AS I WANT. THANK YOU. He snatched, yes, snatched the tongs I was using to flip the food in and thought he was doing me a favor by basically cooking things for me and shoving it onto a plate. He did this throughout the entire dinner that my appetite was no longer there and I wanted to leave.

Food wise, we had the fillet beef, beef short rib, onions, some vegetables which was okay. Not meh, not amazing but eh. I could've made it at home.
One word: Bad. 

I wanted to try this place out because it was AYCE kbbq and who doesn't like all you can eat? 

The food was terrible. The meats they had weren't even Korean marinades. This place uses like some savory marinade you'd taste in Vietnamese noodle dishes like Bun bo hue or Bun Rieu. How is that even Korean??? It wasn't even Korean inspired!! The only meat I recommend is the pepper steak. 

Service: HORRIBLE. The place was empty and these Chinese servers couldn't even speak English to us and we would have to ask for someone else. Not only that, but they were way overstaffed. The worst part? While we were "eating" they would stare at us and I'm talking about 7-10 servers just standing, talking in their own language and staring at us like 3 feet away. WHO DOES THAT? 

I should've been thrown off when there was only one other group eating hot-pot. I can only speak for the Korean food, but the service alone makes me regret ever trying this place out. 

Don't come here. The food is nasty and the service is even worse.
I haven't been here and years and was not disappointed, the quality and service is still going steady. My boyfriend and I arrived at around 6 PM on a Friday and we did not have to wait for a table. We opted in for just all you can eat hot pot which was $24.99 pp.
Our waiter was super attentive with when to refill our water our our soup base. He also checked in to see if we wanted to order more food. 
However, when we were ready for our check which was around 7:00 PM and the place was more busy, the service was lacking. It took about 15 minutes for us to get the check and have them process and bring it back. Definitely coming back on off hours again.
This place has really fallen off the map. The BBQ meats are thin and flavorless. The enoki mushrooms are days old.  Even the grill is underpowered to get a nice crust on the meats.  I would stay stick with hot pot, during our time, we saw staff who used the bathroom and did not wash their hands before proceeding to go back to preparing food in the back.  So if you are getting hot pot, make sure your food is thoroughly cooked.

Very disappointed.
We tried an all you can eat KBBQ option here after a festival. You're left on your own without them really making sure you know what you're doing. Service was alright, but it was almost expected to be carefree. Also, we had to keep asking to get our water refilled. I heard the hot pot was better, so steer clear of the KBBQ. 

VA has many delicious KBBQ spots - especially all you can eat. The meat is seasoned well with extra sauce as an accessory and often to spice it up further. You had to create the sauce to flavor the meat here. It seemed like it was barely seasoned with salt and pepper. A little bit of soy sauce, brown sugar, & green onions go a long way... Trying to get the bang for our buck, we did order a lot of sirloin and other red meat. I know how to grill, so it came out pretty tender. The mussels was a challenge because I had no knowledge of grilling them, but I forced myself to eat them because I didn't want to get charged for extra food. Mussels were totally my fault, lol.

I probably won't come back because I know where to go for great AYCE BBQ, but here's the review to help you guys choose wisely - go with hot pot. This was a meh experience, which is a shame because I hate wasting my time & money when I'm out of town.
My inner critic was slightly hesitant about giving this place a full 5-stars, but the service was so great here, and I reasoned my way into giving it the full five! Here are my reasons why:

- The service that we experienced (with our waiter Kevin) was impeccable! Especially considering how much work it is to be continually taking never-ending orders to a giant table of 9 starving adults who are taking full advantage of the all-you-can eat, our waiter was incredibly accommodating, cheerful, attentive, helpful, and kind. On top of all of that, he was willing to split our checks into whatever groupings we wanted, without even adding a mandatory gratuity for such a large party! Given that, don't take advantage of it and tip them generously since they're on their feet constantly in the heat and bringing trays and trays and trays and trays of meat out. 

- The atmosphere is good for a range of occasions! I went with a group of 9 (which is probably the max around one table; we did have to squeeze) and it was so fun, especially since it's BYOB. But I can also imagine going with a date and finding it cozy, since there are smaller separated booths. The interior is clean, well-lit, and modern, with nicely coordinated decor. 

- Admittedly, my friends who ordered the Korean bbq agreed that it may not have been up to par as some other establishments, but they said it was still pretty good. And the hot pot was spot on. Definitely a better deal than the places I've visited around Chinatown in Philly when you think about the quality/quantity! Overall, I'd say our table felt like we got our money's worth of yummy food.

- Plus, can I give them creds for creativity? I think it deserves props for trying out a new thing in Philly by merging K-bbq and and hot pot for an all you can eat! And there's perks to it the merge too - for example, it was really cool because I ordered hot pot, but I was able to make a Korean style dipping sauce to go with it. 

- FINAL CAUTIONARY NOTE: as with all good K-bbq and hot pot places, you are likely to leave with a strong smell of the meat/food on you and all your clothes when you leave. If you don't know what I mean, it's hard to explain the smell, but it's pretty strong and stays on your clothes until you wash it. Keep that in mind when you're picking out what clothes you want to wear, or if you plan on going someplace after!

All in all, I think it's a new fun option and I'd come back to try it out again!
BYOB you say? All you can eat you say?? Well, you my dear have said enough. 

That's how my friend talked me into coming to Nine Ting. I'd previously only been to Korean BBQ style places in LA and figured somewhere in the likes of Philly couldn't compare. 

I was wrong. While not completely legit, I'd say it was pretty damn good. 

We opted for the hot pot/Korean BBQ dual dinner and then proceeded to order everything under the sun that sound generally appealing. The host was very polite yet informative and had great service. We were able to get 2 different hot pots which allowed us to try different broths (win!). They also had a "DIY" sauce bar that pretty much had anything you might like or be curious to top your food with. One of my favorite options available here. 

When the plate came over we immediately wished we ordered less options to begin with. We had no idea that they would bring such hefty servings - albeit not a complaint factor. The server gave us a quick tutorial on how to work the hot pots and BBQ'd the BBQ meats for us. Other places I've been to allow you to do both but I felt this ended up with an overall tastier/well done result. It should be noted that there is a 2 hour time limit for tables. We were told reservations were recommended but easily scooped a table around 6ish without one. 

We never got around to ordering anything else because literally all we could eat was the first serving. The food was all fresh, cooked well and complimented the sauces very well. Halfway through the meal my top jean button became undone and upon finishing my two month food belly and I had to shuffle sideways out the booth. For me, Nine Ting boasts an extremely enjoyable experience and quality food. Both my friend and I decided that next time we'd both stick to the hot pot - which we both found more flavorful, however, the dual option is great to try to get the best of both worlds. Word to the wise, start with around 3 meats and a few veggies and build up from there. I will return, only next time more well prepared -armed with my bottle and adjustable pants!
My new favorite hotpot place! Our waiter Abel was AWESOME he was very helpful with everything. He even made us his special sauce which was incredible. If you do decide to dine here don't forget to ask Abel for his sauce is delicious!
Helloooooooo AYCE KBBQ and hot pot!  I've been waiting so long for you to arrive in Philly, I can hardly tell you how excited I was when I was first told that such a place was opening!

KBBQ: hubby got the kbbq, and true to form, ate A LOT of it.  He absolutely loved the short rib/kalbi.  Other meats were fine, but not memorable.  Hack: kbbq places sometimes give you "crack sauce"--they don't here, but you can make your own "crack sauce" at the hot pot sauce station--little salt and sesame oil.

HOT POT: I got the hot pot, and was rather proud of myself for not getting meat-ed out.  They have a great selection of meats, seafood, veggies, and other hot pot goodies--I was pretty pleased with their selection!  They also have several different types of broth--the "original", ma la (spicy), tomato (mine was a little sour :/ ), chinese herb, etc.  Make your own sauce at the station--and note while "sha cha jiang" is sometimes called Chinese BBQ sauce, that is **not** the same thing here--it's labelled with something that starts with a T, maybe.

SOME EXTRAS: They gave us a seafood pancake appetizer at the beginning which...basically didn't have any seafood.  Fail...except that it was actually still kinda tasty, once you get over the fact that there's no seafood.

Dessert = fruit, and there's also a sweet soup where the hot pot sauce station is.

This place is BYOB!  You'll need to ask for a bottle opener though.

SERVICE/ATMOSPHERE: Brand spanking new, so place looks pretty nice now.  Our party of 4 sat at a table that could seat 6--There were 6 smaller hot pot surfaces for each individual, and one large hot pot surface and one large kbbq surface for the table.  This means that there isn't enough space for all of the food to be cooked (but let's be real...is there ever?!)

Service is way better if you speak chinese--several of the waiters/waitresses are obviously much more comfortable in Chinese (going so far as to breathe a sigh of relief and say "oh, you DO speak chinese" when I started ordering).

Note that if/when you order more stuff to grill/boil, make sure you ask for a guy who's walking around with an ipad--that's how it's being sent to the kitchen.

Also...no ventilation fans?  Seems like a bad idea for a hotpot/kbbq place.  I basically got my face steamed with hotpot steam.

PRICE:  $22 for hot pot, $27 for bbq, $32 for both hotpot and kbbq.  This seems pricey to me, but not insane/unreasonable.

OVERALL: not bad, at least for philly!  I haven't seen any kbbq places, and selection/prices at other hot pot places have made me sad and still a little hungry.  Food is not *to die for*, but it's definitely solid, and will hit the spot!
Came to Nine Ting to celebrate a... ahem... culinarily adventurous friend's birthday, and it did not disappoint! I made a reservation for a group of 8 at 7pm on a Sunday night, and we were seated right away at one of the big square tables (perfect for groups since you can actually see/hear/communicate with your friends).

I won't lie to you, I was slightly nervous about the whole Korean BBQ concept because 
A) weird meats, 
B) I for some reason thought it was up to us to man the grill and 
C) food poisoning because I don't trust our wine-drunk selves to properly cook a bunch of weird meats.

My fear was unwarranted- we had a lovely server who took care of the grilling, since we all opted for the Korean BBQ instead of Hot Pot. 

The lowdown:
-All you can eat BBQ for 28 bucks
-Eat for free on your bday with a valid ID!
-Free ice cream with Yelp check-in
-Keep ordering as much as you want, but if you aren't able to finish, they charge by weight for excess

As far as the actual food goes, here are my thoughts:
-I am boring and shied away from all the weird meats, but the several versions of beef that I tried and the curry chicken were super good
-All the veggies were great too
-SAUCE BAR. Need I say more?!
-Order like 25 seafood pancakes. You won't regret it.
-Big fan of the lettuce wrap situation
-The edamame/peanuts/kimchi etc. were nice little bites in the beginning

Overall, my experience here was great and I would definitely return. Thanks for a good time Nine Ting!
It's surprising to see the high reviews this place is getting. OH WAIT, I know why. So I've been hearing that if you eat there on your birthday, you get a free meal. Okay. But also, if you agree to write a 5 star review for them, you get a discount. They're basically buying their reviews rather than letting their food do the talking. That's how you know the food isn't authentic like everyone says it is. If you don't believe me, see how many reviews got removed and how many reviews violated the guidelines. Notice, most people only had one review for this place with no friends. New business and got that much removed already? Not good. 

Now moving onto the food. I decided to check it out for myself. We decided to wait for my friend's birthday to see if this offer can be redeemed, and it worked. Free meal and a discount with a five star review. Sorry, but I'm giving you one. Anyways, we got the Korean BBQ to try it out. When you first take a bite, you can tell it's not the authentic Korean BBQ that you're used to due to the lack of flavor/marinade and poor cuts of meat. The short ribs were probably the only thing close to tasting okay. The grill sucked and what was even worse, they don't change the grill for you when it's clearly all burnt and used out. It's already bad enough that it's an electric grill that makes the wait time for cooking much longer.

Overall, wasn't as enjoyable as I thought it would be. If you want better BBQ around the area, go down to Washington Ave. and try out International Smokeless BBQ.
I came here for dinner with friends and there was four of us total. I think that was our main problem. This restaurant experience is more suited for two people dining out rather than a group. Once all of our food that we ordered was brought out, there was very little room at the table to move around. Two of us did the BBQ and two did the Hot Pot, even so, with 2 people doing BBQ, the grill gets a bit crowded. Which means you can only cook your meal in small batches. So you're kind of stuck nibbling in bits and pieces the whole time while you wait for the rest too cook. It also gets messy. You get a set of tongues to cook the meet with, but with a crowded table and a small grill where you're cooking your meat and vegetables on together I was constantly almost touching raw meat and cooked meat/veggies together. Also the potatoes and pumpkin I ordered came frozen so it took forever to grill, and even then they never really cooked properly. I also tried the curry chicken breast which was really good but not spicy at all. 

Maybe if I came back and was with only one person and we did 1 Hot Pot and 1 BBQ it wouldn't be as bad and there would be more room/ time to cook the food and not worry about contamination.
I really wanted to like this place and was super excited to go here. I mean who doesnt love all you can eat hot pot AND korean bbq!? I would have given this place 3 or even 4 stars for the concept but the customer service here was pretty bad, to the point i'd give 2 stars. Getting the attention of one of the wait staff was a pain. We had to ask at least 3 times for refills for our drinks and at least 4 times for some noodles to add to our hot pot. Not only did it take constant badgering to get our food, they gave us the wrong items. 

The reason why I'm giving 1 star is because of the rudeness and unprofessional-ism of your staff. Just because our table spoke english doesnt mean we didnt understand the trash talk your waiter said in chinese...
Spider in the food! Not sanitary! Still had to pay the full price.

So here is what happened - I went there with my husband, and I was very excited. We got the hot pot and a large plate with food. After eating about half of it, I noticed a full sized dead spider under the food, it was quite graphic. I told the waiter, and the reply I got was: "I'm sorry about that. Would you like to order anything else?" Needless to say, no offer of at least cutting down the price of the spider meal. Also, if that's what's in the food, I can't imagine how sanitary the rest of their kitchen is. I didn't say anything, paid the full price, but needless to say I won't be going back there - the thought of it triggers my gag reflex.
First of all, you get a small discount for writing a 5-star review. Not saying that all the rave reviews weren't genuine but probably should take them with a grain of salt. 

With that said, this place is okay for all-you-can-eat hot pot. The number of choices is decent and the flavoring sauces aren't bad. The flavor of the broth is very lacking though. 

Now for the service. We had a waiter who would not stop interjecting himself in our conversations - to the point where we were talking to him more than we were talking to each other. And kept regressing when we asked for the check, saying that he'll be bored, etc. I don't remember paying for excess entertainment OR to entertain. Granted, if your dinner companion fails to please then at least you'll know there are wait staff dying to gossip and flirt.
Yes, Nine Ting is indeed all-you-can-eat (only option, there is no a la carte menu). However, the quality and taste of the food is truly quite poor.

First, my thoughts on the Korean BBQ -
Let's be real, a Chinese restaurant owned by only Chinese-speaking people makes for pretty bad Korean BBQ. The meat is not marinated in a Korean style (or marinated at all, if we're honest..). There are a lot of different meat options, but none of them that is flavored well or with any adequate Korean sauces (gochujang, ssamchang, etc.) The best part of the meal was when we continuously ordered BBQ Beef Short Ribs (Korean Galbi), and we were constantly given pork short ribs... (Chinese Pai Gu). We kept on telling the server that we didn't order pork, and wanted the beef short ribs - only on the last round of our meal were we given the beef short ribs. If the employee can't tell the difference between pork and beef for a BBQ restaurant, I think you're in trouble. (Sidenote: Our party could speak English, Cantonese, Taishanese and Mandarin altogether, so language wasn't the issue this time). 

Now onto the hot pot -
My standards have increased significantly with the latest hot pot additions to Chinatown (Simply Shabu, Hippot Shabu), so this review would be in comparison to those two hot pot/shabu restaurants. Nine Ting would be considered to be more cost-efficient than the two a la carte shabu restaurants, albeit at the cost of quality. The vegetable options were lacking, and the broth was just adequate. At the all-you-can-eat cost for shabu ($25 w/ tip/tax), I would rather walk down a block and pick up the ingredients to cook at home. 

Atmosphere -
Restaurant is large and spacious, but the booths were poorly thought out as I had to move out for my server to refill my pot with broth. Although the server our table had was very friendly, the other servers that came around could not speak any English and just seemed confused whenever we asked them for more food. Overall, unless Nine Ting makes some radical changes, I won't be coming back any time soon.
Absolute worst service I've had at a Korean BBQ place. Their grilled stopped working halfway through, and never fixed it when we inquired.
Fabulous eatery!  1 st thing to do is book reservation the day before to make sure you have a table for what you want, Hot pot, Korean barbecue or both! It gets packed very quick and wait can be from 30mins to 1 HR 
We always do both which comes to $32 per person and if it's your birthday you eat free the day of and bring ID . This is a byob too which is great  
They start out with many Korean side dishes before you order! 
Waiter will ask what you like to order from hot pot then Korean BBQ !
There are many items to choice from and servers are helpful!  When ordering meats for BBQ make sure you know what you ordered ! Sometimes they forget to bring it out! Overall it's a fun experience for all to try! Also if you check in on yelp you get 1 free ice cream. Looking forward to coming back soon
Definitely don't understand why they have such great ratings..  The food was terrible. I'd rather pay $30 each platter of meat than come here again for all you can eat. I barely ate cause I was so disappointed.

First off, the grills here are awful. Does not cook food fast enough nor gets hot enough and it dries out the meat. It's really small and you can barely finish grilling one platter. 

Second off, the sides are so excruciatingly offensive to Korean food... The kimchi tasted like they were made with straight up gochujjang sauce... That is not how you make kimchi. And we had roasted peanuts.. 

The cherry on top to the whole experience is the meat... The galbi was not marinated properly. And so were the others. The only thing tolerable was the shrimp and mushrooms... Which says a lot. We stuck with just one thing, the thinly sliced beef which we had to marinate ourselves because it was flavorless. I regret going here so much. It was a waste of money...
No complaints at all. 

2 friends and I arrived at 6pm on a Friday evening. There was no wait. In fact, the place was not busy at that time -- it got really busy around 7. The food on its own was all great. We got the hotpot and bbq. The bbq meat was not marinated but the sauce selection/combinations more than make up for that. My friend bravely tried the pig's blood and brain. It wasn't bad...but we didn't eat all of it either. Everything else we ordered was great (all beef cuts, lamb, shrimp, mussels, tripe, fish balls, and more I can't recall). 

The service was spot on. Meat and water was refilled very quickly. We also got free little cups of ice cream for checking in on Facebook. 

The one aspect that really made the dinner memorable was the service of our waitress and host (Phoebe and Abel). They were great and our entire experience felt more like a dinner party with friends than just the three of us stuffing our faces. They checked on us frequently, made jokes, and took the time to explain every aspect of how to eat hotpot to my friends who had never had it before.

Overall, great experience and I will definitely return.
*****TIP SERVERS WITH CASH: 15% of credit card tips get deducted from servers*****

UPDATE/EDIT: I originally posted the review below on 3/3/2016 at approximately 12:50 in the morning, about 10 minutes before they closed. I absolutely love the food here and think that the price is very reasonable for the quality of the ingredients that you're getting, especially compared to other hotpot/bbq places in the city (even in Chinatown, I won't divulge any names, but you know what place I'm talkin' about!! ;)). 

We went on a Thursday night around midnight, so it was pretty empty. I can only base my review on the service when it wasn't busy. Ben was very attentive and we had some great conversation with him, considering we were pretty much the only ones there. The front of the house may not come off as friendly (not a big deal), but our server Ben was excellent. 

My only notes about this place:
1) If you want a discount or the free birthday promo (bring ID for verification), you have to write a yelp review. This is coming from the personnel at the front of the house. They read it, not our server. Oh yeah, and they read it before they apply the discount. I'm not sure what they would do if you gave a not-so-glowing review (would they not apply the discount or would they try to remedy the issues outlined the review?). I decided it would be easier to return to this review after they've approved the original one.

2) If you tip with your credit card, 15% of all credit card tips are taken away from servers, which is absurd. I did not know this, so I encourage everyone to tip cash if possible!
This new Korean bbq place is exactly what was needed in chinatown; the food is amazing, the service is great and the whole place is really clean and pretty; i brought people from out of town so i was looking for something that would be good but also a fun experience; Nine ting offers a choice between Korean bbq and/or hot pot; based on what you choose, you can order whatever you want from the menu and they will bring out plates full of delicious food ready to cook; i was expecting to cook my own food but It was actually not what happened; our waitresses handled the cooking which i actually really liked (we took over a few times and mostly each time ended up needing the grill to get replaced)!! The meat was marinated in delicious marinates and the shrimps were definitely some of my favorites; price wise; the hot spot is $23 and the Korean bbq $26 ($30 for both) which is very reasonable considering the amount/quality of the food! Great add to the philly food scenery!
Delicious all you can eat Korean barbecue. Also, BYOB so bring your beers. I found that cider pairs really well too. The short ribs, spare ribs, and pork t-bone were our favorites, but the shrimp, cuttlefish, and other options were delicious too. 

The custom built and installed tables are beautiful and the interior decorations are lovely. Service was very nice too - everyone was very friendly. 

Only wish that it was possible to get a pot of jasmine tea and that the grill was charcoal instead of electric. 

All in all, it was a great experience and I can't wait to go back again soon!
Tried this place out when it first opened a few years back, so grain of salt. if you're expecting legitimate Korean BBQ or decent quality meat.... run. you can go to any other place other than this one and you will find better Korean food. Go to East Passyunk/Wharton where I heard those white people were opening up Asian-fusion restaurants. Go anywhere but here.

Though if you're coming for hot pot, I have no experience on this end. It sounds decent from the other reviews.
Thanks to our waiter Leo for a great experience last night. I called around 2pm to make a reservation for a group of 13 and the lady told me they don't take same day reservations but they will add me to the "waiting list". I have no idea what the difference is, but hey I'll take it.
I arrived at 6:25 for our 6:30 "reservation" and the hostess offered to let me go in immediately. Apparently they have private rooms! It fit our 13 people perfectly, with two people who had to share one pot.
We all had the hot pot - everything was fresh, the broths were yummy, and I love the sauce bar. They provided great service but checking up on us very frequently and giving us ample amounts of food. In addition, with our yelp check in, all 13 of us got ice cream: green tea & red bean.
I was fully, happy and content. Everyone enjoyed themselves last night!
The concept of this place is great! You have a stove top and a grill built right in on the table. It's all you can eat, but no sharing! 

For someone who likes no traditional meats, this place is for you!! For me, it was a good experience, but I barely eat meat as it is and I don't eat seafood. They have a lot of both! I was limited to potatoes, corn, and chicken breast. What I had was indeed good. But for me, being so limited on the menu, I wouldn't really jump to do this again.

The staff is very attentive. They come and switch your grill out when it gets all of the char on it. I feel like they had a good selection of other drinks.

We came for my mother's birthday. My family who doesn't have the same diet restrictions as me all really enjoyed this place. The price isn't bad either, especially for all you can eat. This place is BYOB. The bathrooms were clean.
I have to admit, when I walked into the restaurant and saw what they offer, I heard my mother's voice in my head "They're charging ME to cook MY food?"  Yes, they do, and it was a million times more fun than doing this at home.

Nine Ting is a restaurant where they bring the protein and you prepare it, at your table.  It's an all-you-can-eat place, however with a polite sign that says that if you don't eat what you order, they may charge you aa 20% fee.   OK.  

The interior is way more upscale than the exterior lets on.   Lots of black marble and brown tile and fashionable lights. The booths where you cook your own food (each table has it's own setup for bbq or hot pot (or both) are wide and comfy.  Once seated, someone came by to take our meat order and they provided us with some snacks - seaweed salad, kimchi, peanuts, edamame.  

Our first plates arrived full of lamb, beef, pork belly, calamari, mussels, chicken wings.  There is a 'sauce bar' you go to where you choose your own sauces and seasonings to bring them back to the table.  The NMT and Panda, our student this year from China, dug in and began cooking.  We laughed and joked, and the staff came back sort-of regularly to check on us, change out the grilling surface, and bring us more protein.  Having two teenaged boys, I can honestly say I think they lost money on us.

Now, for the star off.  The service was at best marginally good.  I go easy on service generally because I have done the job and understand how hard it can be. However there were times when we asked for something and were flat out ignored.  It seemed that as the time wore on, the service was more and more nonexistent.  Even Panda, a Chinese national who is used to a lowered expectation of service in his home country, was quite annoyed, and that's saying something.  There was a Yelp coupon for a free ice cream on check in  but good luck finding someone to get it for us - they offered as we were paying our check at the desk and leaving. Uh, yeah, a little late.  

Overall, it was a fun afternoon, and we really enjoyed this style of dining.  I am 50/50 on going back simply because of the service, and my deep fear that they will add a 'teenage surcharge' on us.   It would definitely be a five star with only a marginal front of house improvement.
First off, this is an honest and true review: this restaurant has a very rude and intimidating staff.

***Please read Yelps Filtered Reviews (at the very bottom of this page) for over 500 1-star, similar experiences. It wasn't just my family who was attacked and embarrassed for not leaving a tip the server didn't deserve!

I ate here for my grandma's birthday. My family was reluctant to go because we've been here years ago and had a bad experience with the food. But it was her birthday so she wanted to get her "free" meal. When we were seated, my grandma asked if she could get her free meal because it was her birthday. The sever was insensitive and obnoxious asking for her ID card. Like, how about some customer service or just human decency in saying, "happy birthday"? 

Moving onto the food... same as the last time I came. Nothing has changed. Bland soup (I always order spicy at hot pot restaurants). Blandest soup ever. All you "taste" are the peppers. There's no flavor. I usually don't use the sauce bar at these kinds of restaurants, but this time I needed all the sauces they had. Meat came out and you couldn't tell what was what. No one bothered to tell us or even check on us. I also ordered muscles which were dirty. Watercress tasted old and stale. Only thing I liked was the canned ginger ale and oh-so-overly processed Fuzhou fish balls. 

When it was time to pay, my grandma paid. She paid in cash and left a 10% tip. Yeah, this restaurant gave us horrible service and food but we're not insensitive humans, who actually would've given no tip. Our not-so-pleasant server immediately rushed over as we were gathering our belongings and informed us we did not leave enough tip. She really had the audacity to tell us we needed to leave more tip. "At least 15%!!!" It's one thing to automatically include gratuity to our bill and let us know beforehand, RATHER THAN watching from afar and laughing with your coworker at my grandma while counts her money out, and then yelling at her that it's not enough ON HER BIRTHDAY.

Most embarrassing dining experience ever. Not only to my grandma but to my whole family. Our sever caused a whole scene and had everyone in the room look at us. She even made up excuses saying we wasted our food so we have to pay more. If you wanted to penalize us for wasting food do not include it in our tips to you! Put it as part of the bill like normal AYCE restaurants would do. Plus, the food was horrible (except for my soda and fish balls) and we didn't order extra, so you can't blame us for not finishing it!
I visited Philly with my girlfriend right before the New Year, and this was dinner on our second night there. When we called in advance to ask how long the wait would be for 2, they said there was no wait. We thought since there is no wait time, we would head over in about an hour or so. Surprisingly when we arrived, the restaurant was packed and the hostess told us it was going to be an hour wait, which was upsetting. 

When we first walked in, I noticed how similar the design of the restaurant was to a popular hot pot / KBBQ spot in NYC - 99 Favors. I guess Nine Ting is just the Philly version of 99 Favors. 

We were seated faster than we thought, so we were super excited to finally satisfy our cravings for hot pot. We looked at our menus and decided what to order pretty quickly, so we tried to get the waiter's attention. The first time we placed our order, it came out really quickly, but then as the night went on, we had to ask multiple times for food/water and it took a lot longer to get their attention. The restaurant wasn't getting any busier, so we didn't understand why service suddenly slowed down. 

Nine Ting has all your typical hot pot foods - meat, seafood, veggies, noodles, etc. My go-to broth is always pig bone so if you can't decide, I suggest pig-bone broth.
Good value $22.99 all you can eat hot pot. But I don't feel that a lot of the stuff is as fresh or tasty. The shrimps were good, but the beef was tasteless. Come hungry but otherwise it wouldn't be the best value.
I really liked it here, however for me personally I am not a huge meat eater so this was not the place for me. I loved the atmosphere and the idea of cooking the meat on a small grill on the table, but after a couple pieces of meat, my meat craving was satisfied. You so buy an all you can eat meal so it felt like a waste of money to me. If you love huge helpings of meat, then this is the place for you!
2.5 stars 

I was excited that Philly finally had a AYCE korean bbq spot. However, upon entering, i realized it was more chinese inspired. I think saying Korean BBQ was more of a marketing ploy. 

The place was packed on a cold January night. My group of 3 would've been a long wait but we opted to share a room. No big deal. My friends have been there before so I let them handle the order. It was my friends bday so she got her meal "free". (Hot pot and BBQ combo). Me and my other friend only got BBQ. The menu is not as intuitive as I'd like, but it is clear with pictures and English. The problem with saying it's Korean BBQ is the fact that they don't even bring you side dishes. You have to order it. The sauce bar is used interchangeably with hot pot and BBQ. The two diners we shared the table with knew more about the ordering than us, and they were Americans. 

We ordered the seafood pancake. Skip that. It was whack. We tried to order various meats to see what we would like the most. None of the meats were that great. The marinades were definitely not Korean at all. Also, I think they marinated the meats way too long, changing the texture of the beef. That's why they all tasted suspect to me. The only good thing I thought were the shrimp BC they were fairly large for an ayce (plain in shell). Service was fair, they changed our grill multiple times and brought food out in timely manner. 

I don't think the room had a separate vent system, as a result, everything smelled when we left--clothes, hair, skin. In my opinion, I felt most of the meats were low grade and they relied on marinades to hide the taste of low grade meat. 

I'd only return if I was invited.
The service was absolutely horrible!!!

I came here two times before with a big party and never had problems with the service. Until coming here to eat with my girlfriend on a Sunday night around 9. We only get the Hot Pot there because the Korean BBQ is just exactly the same as the service I have received that night, TERRIBLE!!! We ordered two pots of pork bone with thin slice beef, thin slice lamb, squid, fuzhou balls, nappa cabbage and bok choy. Then we left our table and made up our sauces. Then our food arrived but was missing our beef and lamb. We waited a couple minutes before we had to grab a server who we didn't even know who is taking care of us to get our meats. NO server even asked if we were ok or needed anything else to drink. I saw other tables being taking care of more than ours. This was just the worst dine in experience ever. 

Tips I learned from this place.
Don't order the Korean BBQ!!!
Don't come here on a Sunday night!!!
You have a 2 hour limit to eat when it's all you can eat!!!
20% charged on the bill if food is wasted!!!
Nice hot pot! A variety of food. Beef and lamb are most recommended! The service is the best ever.
This review is for the Hot Pot on a Monday night when we had a craving. There was no wait to be seated, but the place wasn't empty either. The decor is nice. It is somewhat updated and modernized. There's a hot pot only option, BBQ only option, or you can get both. I just go with one or the other because it's too much food! There's also a sauce station to the side of the main dining area for you to mix your sauces. There are two very helpful signs that suggest what to mix to concoct your sauce. Otherwise, feel free to experiment.Also, you get a free meal on your birthday!

For any hot pot newbies reading this, you order a soup broth that is heated on the table, and then you have unlimited access to their selection of meats, seafood, and vegetables. One huge plus about this place is that you have the option for everyone to get an individual pot for themselves. Our vegetarian friends went with the tomato based soup, while others went with the original broth and pork bone broth.

It's Chinatown, so service is a little difficult to understand, but that's why we have menus with pictures. If you can't understand something, just point at pictures of food. Speaking of which, their selection is huge. For meats, you have all the usuals such as beef, lamb, and chicken. For the daring, they have tripe, pork blood, and pork brain available as well. Seafood options include whole shrimps, slices of fish, blue crab, and a variety of fishballs. They have tons of tofu varieties, regular tofu, fried tofu, fish tofu, and tofu skins. Vegetables include lettuce, spinach, bak choy, numerous mushroom varieties. There's a ton of choices.
"They have crabs??!" Was what I said when a waiter walked by with a tray of them towards another table. "Yes, it's on the menu." Was what my friend said in response. "Where??? Sign me up!" 
2.5 hours later, bellies full, we rolled out of the restaurant swearing to skip lunch and dinner the next day.

I tried making reservations a day prior but was told that they don't take anything unless you're a party of three or more. So we walked in at about 8.30 pm, was told there'd be a 45 min wait for hot pot but an hour for BBQ. We wandered off to get a drink somewhere and as we started making our way back to the restaurant I got a call from the restaurant. This was 9.20 pm. Finally got seated at 9.30 because there's nothing they can do if the party gets the check and still linger. When we sat down there was a sign that says to be polite and limit time to 2 hours during peak hours. 

Since it's all you can eat I'm just going to mention a few highlights! The blue crabs really sweeten up your hot pot broth if you enjoy seafood. I got the pork bone broth which in my opinion is the best. My friend got the spicy and he kept telling me how spicy it was but I think he just has low tolerance. I also love the udon noodles in the broth. Wasn't sure what kind of fish they used but the fish fillet tasted really fresh. 

For the BBQ portion, definitely get the thin sliced beef. This was my favorite meat of the night. Didn't think it would be any good but this was towards the end and I had some more because it was just too good to pass up. It was much better than the other marinated meats. Goes really well with the Korean BBQ sauce that you can find at the sauce bar. BBQ prawns were also sweet and delicious as was the squid. 

They have a few suggestions at the sauce bar and mine was a twist off of theirs. Hot oil, garlic, soy sauce, sesame sauce and scallions. Yum! Went well with everything!

Service was super polite albeit a little spotty especially towards the end. The restaurant is nice and clean but expect to go home smelling like Korean BBQ for a few days. Will be back on my birthday because apparently you eat for free on your birthday!
Not to self: when a restaurant is hot pot and korean bbq and located in Chinatown, DO NOT make the mistake of getting only korean bbq cause I did! It is all you can eat for $20+ but not worth it at all! 

I'm sure their hot pot selection is very good but man their korean bbq isn't very good....my gf and I ordered almost all the meats minus lamb and the meats lacked flavor and they offered one korean bbq sauce...the sauce station literally was all hot pot sauces...

The waiter also cooked in front of us the WHOLE time so it was really hard to hold a conversation with his presence and arms in the way from cooking. It just wasn't good at all

I wouldn't recommend getting korean bbq here at all! I noticed a lot of people doing both hot pot and korean bbq but I suggest sticking to the hot pot. I didn't have the hot pot but it HAS to be better than the bbq
I finally got a chance to come in for hot pot at this place. Friday night we came at 8pm but the wait was 80 minutes so we had to go elsewhere. Then Sunday at 1pm we came in for lunch and got seated right away. 
I love the sauce station here. It has a good selection of sauces that the Shabu Shabu can't compare to. 

For Philly I think this hot pot place is decent! I would rate this 3.5 stars. It could have been a perfect 4 if they didn't refill a plain broth into my kimchi broth and the bowls for sauces are sitting low in the ground which I believe the dust from the rug below can easily get into those clean bowls that we use to get the sauces. 

The meat/veggies and everything we ordered came out very fast. 
It's a decent price for all you can eat hot pot. It was $25ish post tax for 1 person.
This place is okay but generally service is very slow and disrespectful. 

Came here with a party of 5 and the waiterss were very hard to work with. Service was very slow and some of the workers were playing around right next to us while we were eating. They were super loud and distracting. Food was meh and took a very long time for them to bring out the food.

Multiple times the people working gave us faces and spoke to us in a very disrespectful manner

I thought the service was very poor and did not warrant a high tip. We gave something around 12-13% When confronted, the waiter refused the tip and said atleast 15%. Seriously? there was little to any service given at all. There are many similar experiences with other reviews. 

Will not be coming back
It's actually hard to get good AYCE Korean BBQ in most places unless you're from paradise (LOS ANGELES s/o to the #626). As an AZN from there, I had high expectations, and they were sort of met. The hot pot and BBQ combo is a great plus, as is the sauce station, which allows you to rapidly marinate your meat before throwing it on the grill. Selection of meats is also great, though there are some real oddities on the BBQ side: only curry chicken for chicken (?!) and no standard marinated beef slices (get ready to eat thickly sliced short rib as a substitute). 

Overall, I'm giving it a "generous 4" because the sublime seafood pancake brings it over the hump. It's not as good, though, as that place that used to be on Washington Ave in a strip mall but apparently has shut down. 

Pro tip: don't eat the whole day before you go unless you want to feel sick or like you didn't get full value. With AYCE places, you want to push it to the limit to extract full value.*

* Hey Marxists, I don't really care if I'm not using it the way you think I should be. *eyeroll*
Excellent bbq and shabu-shabu. Lots of sauces to choose from. The beef and pork belly bacon are the best! Try the seafood pancake too. Eat with empty stomach. Order unlimited from the menu.
They offer all you can eat hot pot and/or Korean BBQ. My group chose Korean BBQ and we were given a menu of ingredients to order from.  The place is really nice and the service was phenomenal. They treated us real good and even offered to grill our food for us. They checked up on us often and were patient when we took forever to eat. There is a sauce bar available for customers to mix their own sauce, which I thought was pretty cool. They do have a no waste policy so only order as much as you can eat. Despite the wonderful dinning experience, I have to dock a star off for the quality of the beef though. It was poorly cut and just not tender. Overall, Nine Ting is a great place for group dinning and socializing!
I would give 5 stars if the service was better..

Location-great 
Atmosphere-modern
Food-very good 
Service-horrible!!

First off let me say this place is really nice and as far as reviews go I am pretty easy going and not to picky with food. It's in the heart of Chinatown and there is cheap parking right across the street. If you go there for the kbbq they first ask you what you want and bring it out pretty quickly. You cook it yourself and the food is above average. The atmosphere of the restaurant is cozy and modern and good overall. Everything I asked for I got and even got second orders of steak. 

My only issue is that our waiter and multiple waiters (mainly the guy waiters) were super miserable looking. I said hello and thank you maybe a dozen times during our visit and didn't even get a response back. If I asked for something (like a fork for my daughter) i has to flag them down and it was like pulling teeth. I asked for a knife and was told to go to the sauce station to get one. Granted like I said when I asked for seconds they brought it out no problem. But a lot of them seemed like they didn't even want to be there let alone work. 

I've read other reviews that have said the same thing and I would recommend this place but just be prepared to get sub-par service with a lot of undertone attitude. 

But if your familiar with the Korean bbq world and want a quick fix this place is awesome and has great food!

NOTICE: there is a 20% surcharge if you don't finish all your food. So if you order make sure you eat it all or you will be charged for it. 

We ordered a lot but we ate most of it so we were not charged.
First, 28.99 per person Korean bbq is what we have today!

Overall conclusion: 
Too bad yelp didn't have 0 stars! I think they should get the app improvement because some of the places needed those rating!

I WOULD NOT COME AGAIN AND WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE!

Foods/tasteless:
Steaks barely marinated,plain steak! 
Ribs are not marinated the Korean way.
Lamb is decent, veggies are the okay part but only 6 options available.
The gave you like a cube of butter as greaser of meats cooking.( **no one cares if you run out of it, you needed to tell them give you another if you run out because the waiter/waitresses team have big business to talk about by the stairway**)
The food is very soso,chicken wings are not fresh. Me and my friend tasted rotten/weird taste of it (it like poultry that sit in the fridge for long time)

Service and experience:
Me and my friend try to tell the staff kindly and they said there's no problem with it(about the chicken wings). We asked to see the manager or owner for the night and one of the waiter tell me manager/owner are not here and WALK AWAY FROM ME. 

It's our first time eating at a bbq place where the waiters are just standing right next to us and do nothing while the food is burned. First time ever that we needed to cook ourselves the meal we are paying for 30$ per person. The waiter/waitresses just brought you the ingredients from the kitchen!

LISTEN! If I wanna cook for myself I WOULD NOT GO TO A RESTAURANT! That's the purpose I pay for pricy foods and service. 

I feel sad for the ownership of this place because they are paying server to talk and walk instead of serving the customers who PAY TIPS WITHOUT SERVICE! 

Lastly, I have no idea where the 4 stars rating come from!

Good luck with the business!
Not gonna lie this was my first korean bbq but I had a such a fun time! All you can eat was a fun challenge and the meat was all really good. A lot of sauce options.

Seafood pancake was dope. its basically a scallion pancake, it was light and crispy. BYOB was nice, we brought soju and the waiter had some good ideas for what drinks for us to try next.

Our waiter was super nice, he was really funny and just great at his job. The staff replaced our grill grate whenever they saw fit and were checking in the perfect amount. 

Also the ambiance was really cool. A lot of wood around and the bathroom had really modern sinks. Great spot for groups and just a date night.


P.S. Free ice cream if you check in. its like a shot glass worth, but it was a nice way to end the meal. Red bean, vanilla, or green tea.
Very disappointed. Meats are definitely not "marinated meat". Seafood pancake came out to be "no" seafood pancake. Just plain flour and scallion. Veggies looked like they were old. The texture of fish balls is bad. Fish fillet doesn't taste fresh at all. I'm sorry but this "Korean" BBQ does not taste anything like Korean BBQ.
AYCE (all you can eat)...Finally there's one in philly!!! You can pick if you want all you can eat hotpot or korean bbq or BOTH!!! I got both and it was around ~35, which is not bad at all!!!! They have a sauce section where you can make your own sauces!

You can pick the base broth for the hotpot, I got the spicy broth- not too spicy, I would say it was more on the mild side even though it looks super red. They also have original, tomato, and kimchi. Everyone gets their own pot to cook in. I would recommend getting the thin slice beef, thin slice pork, squid,  beef tendon balls, fish balls, mushrooms, and tripe. For the korean bqq, they even cook it for you- so you can eat faster nom nom. I liked the short ribs and the pork belly the best!!! The pork belly is on the fatter side- which I love. I also got the chicken gizzard (super chewy), beef tongue (also chewy), squid, and onions. They're super fast and attentive!

I think is a super good deal especially for philly, there aren't many places like this except in NYC and VA. GOOD DEAL if you have a hotpot or korean bbq craving!!! I would def come back but maybe not OD this time....ate too much.

TLDR: BYOB and AYCE korean bbq, hotpot, or both!
High quality meat for the Korean BBQ. At first the grill wasn't hot enough to cook quickly but they offered to grill the meat in the back which made it very easy to order a ton of meat. Good selection of high priced meat including kalbi short rib and duck breast. 

They have a 2 hour time limit which we were unaware of. If we didn't cook the meat in the back we probably would have been limited by the cooking surface area (even if the grill was fully functioning) to be completely full. 

4 stars because of the two hour limit but 5 stars because they cooked food in the back and it's free on your birthday!!
Worst customer service I have EVER experienced. The waiter we had was extremely rude. Everytime we said "thanks" to him, he just gave us a blank stare. Then as we were getting our check, we asked for 4 different transactions but they only allow "3 credit cards per table". I have never heard that crap in my life! We were there for a business dinner so we couldn't split the bill! The waiter gave us a dirty look and walked away from our table. I seriously wish i was making this up but wow, I could not believe they treat their customers like that. This place gives a bad taste to the industry and should honestly consider changing how they give customer service.
So my boyfriend made the mistake of taking me here without reading the reviews first. We came here for kbbq and wow. It was truly the worst I've ever had. I mean it's probably our fault for getting it, when it was obviously a Chinese restaurant. 

I was also unaware that there isn't a huge Korean population in Philly - so coming from DMV, my expectations were way too high for this place. The meat is tasteless, there is no sauce - they had "Korean bbq" sauce and I really didn't like it. Usually, Korean places will have the basic sauces available for the meat, but it was clear this place was designed for hot pot. 

Any meat that already had some kind of seasoning on it totally had Chinese flavor to it. I'm shocked that on yelp, this page is advertised as Chinese AND Korean. There's literally nothing Korean about here. It's all strictly Chinese. 

Also, the service was sub-par. The server who cooked our meat was awkwardly standing there and completely silent. It would've been better if he kind of went away for a bit and checked in on us instead of just standing there waiting for the meat to cook. He also missed my request about a coke I ordered until I asked again a while later, which wasn't a super big deal, but he wasn't super friendly and that just added to it.

The wait was also pretty long. It's not a spacious restaurant. Also, it was $28 for AYCE - which is a lot even for DMV area. Although the selection was a bit bigger than what I was used to, the meat quality was so different from what I'm used to. 

Overall, I can only blame myself for not reading the reviews that all say the same thing - don't get the kbbq. But even so, I assume they use the same meat for hot pot and the quality wasn't great.

PS - It's BYOB, they will not have any alcohol here.
Nine Ting - Hotpot and "Korean" BBQ

Disclaimer:  I will be fair and honest.  I will not over exaggerate about anything.  

Came to Nine-Ting with a party of 8 on April 10, 2015.  One of my friends decided to treat a bunch of us to this new restaurant in Chinatown.  Nine-Ting's decor is nice, its very modern and has the right feel for hotpot and bbq.  We were escorted to our booth which fits 6 comfortably, and 8 uncomfortably (unless you weigh less than 110 pounds each then it might pass as comfortable but snug).  

The waiter was friendly and tried his best to communicate all that was available to us in the menu.  At Nine-Ting you can order All You Can Eat Hotpot, BBQ or BOTH.  We came for the BBQ, so all 8 of us decided to get the AYCE BBQ.  That turned out to be a horrendous idea, because they only have one small grill at the table.  The other compartments were all for Hotpot apparently.  

The problem I had with this grill is first of all its electric.  If you have experienced Korean BBQ before, you know that fire is KEY.  You need a nice hot fire to get that meat sizzling and delicious.  Unfortunately, at Nine-Ting they use electric grills which take a very long time to "grill" (See previous Yelper Earl L's review below for a solid explanation of what to expect with your grill).  

So, here we are, 8 of us, sitting in a booth waiting for the meat to be prepared by our friendly but SLOW waiter.  I can't speak for anyone but myself, but I can't stand to see meat being butchered on a grill.  It gives me anxiety, when i see people destroying the meat that I was so excited to enjoy.  Granted that the cuts of meat here are average to below average, i still had to control my urge to grab the tongs and scissors from our waiter and cook it myself.  We had asked for short ribs, but ended up getting a combination of beef tongue, pork belly, and other mystery meats.  I asked the waiter who was grilling our meat, what the various cuts of meat were and he just answered "beef".  I'm not trying to give the waiter a hard time, since he did look flustered and it was busy that night, BUT, management needs to ensure that people are getting what they ask for.  

So when the first round of "beef" was all cooked and served, we were still hungry so we decided to order more short ribs again.  This was when we met a waiter named "Alvin" who knew what was up.  He had been to Korean BBQ places before, and knew how it should be.  So when I asked him for Short Ribs, he did in fact bring me only Short Ribs.  And when i asked for Pork Belly, he asked me if I wanted Kimchi and Onions as well (for those of you who don't know, thats how you eat Pork Belly).  
With his service shining through, the dinner became more enjoyable because frankly, we were finally getting the meat we wanted to eat.  

I can't write anymore so I'll write some thoughts to close.  

All You Can Eat: They won't kick you out, but they will slow down on servicing your table if you stay too long.  

Friendly Staff: They are friendly and help in any way possible, but I'm convinced management has no idea what Korean BBQ is really.  So its sad when you have friendly staff but management that only buys terrible cuts of meat.  

Kimchi was absolutely terrible.  It looked like it was cut into shreds, like 2 cm by 2 cm squares.  Tasted okay, but why serve it like that?  

BYOB: Bring Liquor or Beer, we brought Sake and Soju and they provided plastic cups for us which was a nice service.  

CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED.  

Closing thoughts:  
I am not a snob when it comes to restaurants.  I am firm believer in fresh ingredients cooked right will bring back customers.  With that said, I am also a firm believer in not trying to open restaurants with food that you are not experienced with.  This establishment is probably fantastic for HotPot since it's management probably has lots of experience eating or dealing with Hot Pot.  But as far as Korean BBQ, it seems like its a swindle because the meat quality and flavor is just purely LACKING.  It is definitely not a proper representation of what TRUE Korean BBQ is like which only disrespects legit Korean BBQ places.  So for those who try this place and think that this is a real Korean BBQ, don't believe the hype man, its a misinterpretation of the deliciousness of true Korean BBQ.    If management wants to improve its BBQ option, it really needs to consider hiring some Korean consultants.  I really hope that this restaurant does well in the future with some changes.  However, for me personally,  I will not be coming back to Nine-Ting for Korean BBQ but will try their Hot Pot next time.  

RECOMMENDATION: 
If you want to experience Korean BBQ for AYCE, please check out Philly Buffet in Upper Darby.  Its 30.00 dollars for AYCE Korean BBQ, and its legit.  The grandma there works with her husband and produces the perfectly marinated THICK cuts of Short Ribs, just like how its supposed to be.  Hope this was helpful.  I'm out.
This place has the best hot pot in Chinatown. There aren't a lot of hot pot places so I guess it's going strong without too much competition. My favorites are the pig brain, pig liver, and blue crabs. The options to make your own sauce is pretty good too. Soup base I would recommend the pig bone or the spicy soup. The spicy looks red but it is really not that spicy! The waiters and waitresses are good. It's busy so the service is a bit slow sometimes but they are trying their best. I knocked a star off because I have been to Little Mongolian Lamb in Edison and THAT is good hot pot. I mean it is a Chinese chain that expanded to the U.S., so it's almost unfair to make this one compare to that. For the meantime though, Nine Ting is satisfying my hotpot cravings in Philly.
My third time to here and definitely  I love this place! Everyone from China loves shabu shabu, and it's all you can eat! You must expect quiet a long waiting time during the weekend but it is a worth of wait. Servers are working really really hard, so please give them a big smile :)
It was over an hour wait for the barbecue, so we opted for the all you can eat hot pot. It was fun and delicious! Krisy is the better

*** EDIT ***
To use the Yelp check-in offer for a free ice cream, I showed my server the offer on my phone. She insisted that I had to first write a review for the restaurant and post it, so I started writing one as she hovered over me waiting... very awkward. I wasn't done with my review, but I showed her and she then took my phone to her manager and when she came back my incomplete review had been posted and "KRISY IS THE BETTER" had been added. While our dinner and service had been great, this whole check-in offer process was super unpleasant and left us feeling uncomfortable.
Don't be fooled - All-You-Can-Eat may sound appealing, especially for a K-BBQ or a hot pot place, but the food quality and service was really poor. I would much rather spend a little bit more for a better quality place. I love both K-BBQ and hot pot, and yet I had such a bad experience with this place. The meat didn't look fresh at all (it didn't even look like it was fresh when they froze it), and the restaurant doesn't seem very clean. The service was also sub-par - our grill was becoming too black and grimy and needed to be changed, yet the staff didn't want to change it. All in all, it was a poor experience and I would be more impressed if the food was better.

If you are simply coming to satisfy a hot pot or k-bbq craving, this might do the job. But if you really want a great dining experience, I would go somewhere else. Reading the other reviews, the hot pot may be better (we only tried the korean-bbq, because it's so hard to find a decent place around here!).
Pretty good barbecue place or hot pot place or both if you want to put it all together for one monster meal. 

I personally think that if you're not much a meat eater in the first place you stick to the hot pot because there's lots of veggies and more food options for you to hot pot. The barbecue really is for those who love meats. As with all korean barbecue, I am partial to the beef. I feel that the beef really is the way to go. The pieces are all pretty thick and generous. They replenish as you finish eating. We loved the brisket, ribs, and beef things. 

There is a sauce bar. If you do the meats option I recommend loading up on cilantro to get some crisp or veggies into your greasy meal since you are cooking with butter. Pumpkin and potato were pretty good to cook with. Don't get the pineapple if you're afraid of cross food contamination. 

Their rice dessert was pretty good. IT had peanuts, rice particles, and jellies and was super crisp and clean to drink after such a heavy meal.
This place deserves a relative 5 stars for one reason: among the few places offering hot pot in Philadelphia it is simply the best.  However, among hot pot places I've been to in the past I would say Nine Ting is a solid 4 stars.  Anyways, on to the actual description of this place

$21.99 for hot pot, $26.99 for korean bbq, and $31.99 for both.  This price is true for both dinner and lunch and weekends!  I only had the hot pot though, so this review only applies for that.  

The hot pot begins with a regular broth or spicy broth.  You can get one or the other or half/half.  The spicy broth isn't overly spicy but it does come with a thick layer of chili oil which is somewhat of a turn off.  It also comes jam packed with spices like chili and star anise, which gives off an extremely bitter flavor when bit into so that was kind of annoying.  I'd suggest going with the regular one but if you must have the spicy then by all means go for it.  The meats are straight forward. you can get chicken, pork, lamb, or beef.  I went at 12:00pm on a Sunday right when they opened and when served beef it was frozen on to the plate.  So it seems like they just have plates of beef sliced up and ready from the night before, but it was kind of annoying to deal with.  The pork on the other hand was fresh and actually quite good!  There's a great variety of other stuff including fish balls, fish fillets, beef balls, like 4 types of tofu, bok choy, napa, spinach, and whatever other vegetables.  They'll give you bowls of rice on request and their menu also has several selections of noodles you can pick from.  

Overall they provide great tasting food (courtesy of the broth as the raw food is of course not seasoned), and efficient and courteous service.  Our waitress was on point with the service, always checking on our water and refilling our broth as the level went down.  Our food came extremely quickly and she kept asking if we wanted to order more.  On the side there is a sauce bar to take note of.  They pretty much have all the standard chinese sauces like soy sauce, duck sauce, hoisin sauce, chili paste, sesame paste, green onions, cilantro, and so forth.  The combo I used and which tasted amazing (seriously do it, DO IT) was the signature korean bbq sauce, a dollop of minced garlic, and plenty of sriracha.  Mix it all up and dip your hot pot meats into it!  You can also add some garlic paste, green onions, and cilantro into it if you want, i'm sure they'll each individually add a different dimension to the sauce.  

Either way, highly recommend this place as the go-to hot pot all you can eat place.  Clean, good service, good food, decent price, they have it all.
It's a okay location for all you can eat hotpot, I just didn't like how diluted the broth was. It wasn't even spicy at all, much like 80% of water.
The blue crab was pretty good. They also have personal pot if you are eating alone or didn't wanna share the same broth as others.
When my friend and I went there,most of the tables were occupied,and it seemed like it though the whole time.
It's not just because of the price,there's another all you can eat restaurant on Chinatown offer the exact same price. I guess diluted spicy broth is more"Americans friendly "? The service was meh,they forgot our drink order and we had to keep asking for water refill.
They also offer an all you can Korean barbecue section so maybe I will try that another time.

So as a conclusion:It's cheap,yet the hotpot broth has no taste. They got different varieties of food and it's free on your birthday(have to show ID), but don't expect any service unless you ask for it, they don't check tables.It's still a good place for"hotpot beginners".
Came today for my birthday and I made a 6:30pm reservation for 8 people.
The reservation process was smooth and easy as I called the day before- they even called at 6pm to confirm whether we were coming.
I came a few minutes early and they let me sit down in our reserved room. After most of our guests arrived they allowed us to order. Since we were a group and we chose AYCE hotpot, we could only get the individual hotpot  (as opposed to duo or mixed). 
There are plenty of options for meat, seafood, tofu, vegetables and broth options. My favorite is still the tomato broth - yum! I especially love the sauce bar - the peanut and hot chili oil are my favorites.

Last but not least - our waiter Ryan was very friendly and efficient. I definitely recommend coming here if you want hotpot and want a place to reserve a dinner party!
Came here on my birthday because people told me it was free on your birthday (which is true). I unfortunately chose to do korean bbq but i think i should have done hot pot. I'm kinda bougie when it comes to korean bbq but the quality of the meats at this place are far beyond what i'm used to. everything was chewy and not seasoned well. I was a fan of the seafood pancake because it was crispy but there was 0 seafood in it. Not sure if I'll come back but the service was great!
I come here about twice a year for special occasions with friends. For those of you who have not experienced "hot pot" before, it is a pot of broth (there are different kinds for you to choose from) that boils on a burner while you add ingredients of your choice to it. You can either opt for a big pot to share at the table, or smaller individual pots. The larger pot gets kind of hectic with many people, but it's part of the fun of family-style hot pot. Usually I get the individual pots, though.

You can choose to get a variety of vegetables, tofu, thinly sliced cuts of meat (too thick and the boiled meat would be tough to chew), and balls of beef or fish. Really, there are plenty of options for you to choose from. 

Your cooked food gets flavored by the dipping sauces that you concoct on your own at the sauce station. Whatever you want to flavor your food can be found there and whipped up to your satisfaction. 

If the occasion is extra special, you can also grill meat at your table in classic korean bbq style. 

Either way, wear something that you don't mind getting a little food-smelly because when you walk out of there, whatever you were wearing will smell like food. Happy eating!
Excellent food... First time here and will come back again.

It was the best way to end the day after a long plane ride into PHL on a cold night! (25 degree!)
PLEASE READ
I'm from Miami and I choose to spend every birthday here in Philadelphia; I also choose to eat at Nine Ting every said birthday. Out of the past 7 years of this "tradition" this is probably THE worst service I've ever gotten at this restaurant. It used to be my favorite and most wanted time of the year. Now my group and I are never coming back to this place. 
Bing, our original waiter, had a terrible attitude when he first came to our room (we had 6 people, therefore needed the bigger room). We had ordered one style of meat per person, squid and seafood pancake for all, but he angrily said "you have to eat it all before you order more." We ate it all within 10 min of sitting down (one plate for 6 people is not enough), no one came to check on our room for what felt like forever. 
Then, Ivan (? not sure how to spell his name, he was wearing glasses), came and got the rest of our order. We waited about 30 minutes before our food came again. We were missing the seafood pancake, the rice, the lettuce, kimchi, and seaweed salad. Then, when this waiter came back, there was a small argument between he and one of my guests. My guest had asked why his grill wasn't heating as it should, and the waiter said "well it's your fault, you ruined it, you shouldn't put so much stuff in it," those were the exact words. Let me tell you something about customer service, no matter how wrong the customer is, you never tell them they "ruined" something or that it's their fault. My guest was very upset and defended himself (rightfully so). The waiter, instead of quieting down and apologizing, just repeated "you dont have to get so mad, why you so mad," completely disrespectful. 
We did not get a change of grill, so it smoked a lot. We never got a water refill (only after we had already been given the check" 
out of the $230 that my parents paid, we probably did not even consume $60 of it. 
NEVER COMING BACK. STAY AWAY. WORST SERVICE. MEDIOCRE FOOD.
I was so excited when hearing a korean restaurant is opening in Chinatown. And it's buffet style. They have all you can eat shabu shabu for $22 or Korean BBQ for $27, but if you wanna try both, it's $30! All you can eat!!!

So I went there with a group of friends, we ordered both bbq and shabu. I was disappointed. First of all, the bbq meat is not fresh, which is a huge turn off. Secondly, the shabu broth is lack of natural flavor, and you can tell there is MSG in the broth. 

They have a sauce bar like all other shabu restaurant so you can make your own sauce. You can ask the server to help you to cook the bbq if you are not familiar with the process. The service is kinda slow, but no biggie. 

It's a good place for group dining or if you are really really hungry. But don't go there if you want some quality food and dining experience.

And FYI, their so called Korean BBQ is NOT real korean bbq, it's .... it's just bbq.
BYOB, win. All you can eat? Double win. This review is for the $21.99 hot pot only. As other reviews say you can do Korean BBQ, hotpot, or both! 

As someone that doesn't eat red meat, the seafood offerings were plentiful and generous for the hotpot. We opted to get the half/half broth -- both of which were a little bland which is the reason for the 4 stars -- but as hot pot is , when you add all the ingredients and sauce, the soup at the end is truly the best. Add yourself some noodles and you got yourself the best noodle soup ever. 

I was incredibly happy with their seafood ( see pictures). The blue crab was fresh, and they did not skimp on the seafood they gave us. That picture -- was served to 2 girls I'm not sure if their portions are always that generous, but hey I"m not complaining! The squid, fish fillet, fishballs, and shrimp were all great as well. Enoki mushrooms are my favorite so I got a bunch of that too. My friend said the lamb was very fresh and tasty as well.

We've been lacking a place like this in Philly and I'm glad to welcome it. The portions were fair ( and if they're not.. its AYCE order more!), service was friendly and prices are good. I wouldn't say this is the best hot pot I've ever had -- like I said the broth was lacking a bit of flavor for me. But it sure hit home once you add all the sauce and ingredients to the pot.
Came here for the third time during Father's day. The lunch experience was pretty good, it was not packed at all, we were the first customers, this time we got the hot pot and bbq, wow! It's really worth it! The first two visits we only did the bbq and I'm glad we finally tried the hotpot! Make sure to bring your appetite! You will want to eat a lot! It was great that they were doing broth refills even though we didn't tell them to, that was really good! The service was pretty fast, if we needed something they will give it to us ASAP. Why the 4 stars ? Well some of our orders didn't get delivered and we had to tell them twice and also they need to let us know sometimes which meat is what, because not everyone in the party really knows KBBQ :) But all in all great experience!
Very friendly service but subpar food. I'm glad we got the hotpot on top of the BBQ because the BBQ was pretty disappointing...definitely barely 2 stars worthy for the BBQ. I wouldn't come here with a big group because the small grill takes awhile to cook up all of the meats properly. It barely worked out for our group of 5 and probably helped having one girl in the group. The meat marinade and quality was really disappointing and made me realize that there is a big difference between AYCE korean BBQ and AYCE chinese BBQ... how I miss you CA.

The hotpot wasn't bad though if you want to give this place a shot I would recommend that at the least. They have a nice selection of broths that you choose as your own. You can get a dual broth holder which my bf and I shared which was nice to have the option of something spicy to change things up. The pork bone broth had too much celery seasoning in it.

The sliced meats for the hotpot were good and I appreciated the sauce bar to complement our meal. This can be the trickiest part about eating hotpot but I am finally mastering what my tastebuds like when it comes to sauce.. one savory spicy sauce and one sweet vinergary sauce are what I would recommend. I love the sauce bar options but it gets crowded as its a bit of a daunting process trying to figure out what you want... luckily you can come back and try multiples!

I would recommend trying this place for the hotpot without expectations and bringing some alcohol for kicks and giggles. Also, those bathrooms are indeed gorgeous. Just wash your hands... Do it! I might come back if I'm really craving hot pot and am too lazy to prep it at home.
Everything about this eating experience was positive. This fall weather meant chilly evenings, and we came for hot pot to warm our souls. They do take reservations.

Abel introduced himself to us and was probably the most attentive waiter I've ever had. We picked from a list of broths to start and then started ordering from an expansive six pages of ingredients for our hot pot. Before we even finished ordering, the broth was brought out for us.. (thanks to their digital ordering system, the people in the kitchen already knew what to prepare!) We ordered anything from thinly sliced beef to crab to enoki mushrooms, and everything tasted fresh. I think I consumed 6 plates of sliced beef alone. You can customize the flavor of your food with the many sauces provided at the sauce bar. Checking into the restaurant from facebook or yelp meant free ice cream after your meal (if you can stomach it) and Abel even brought us watermelon to conclude our very filling meal. I struggled to walk home afterwards, but it was totally worth it. Our reservation was at 6pm, and I noticed around 7pm, this place was packed with no empty tables. $22 for hot pot, $27 for BBQ, or $32 for both options.

The lady at the front told us that you may dine there for free on your birthday - just bring your driver's license.
37/person for AYCE bbq+hotpot

Service was prompt and checked on our table multiple times.

As for the food, I was really underwhelmed with the quality of meats. The pieces of galbi were uneven and I one of them was 1-2 inches thick, which isn't a normal cut. A lot of the meats were tough, even the thin cut that I cooked very quickly on the grill.

I ate quite a bit to try the various cuts of meat. In the end, hot pot was more enjoyable. If I could go back, I would opt for AYCE hot pot rather than both. I had too high of expectations for this place. The sauce bar can only fit three people at a time to expect to stand awkwardly if the place is packed.

Expect to smell like bbq. My phone even smelled like it afterward *shocked* the wait was around one hour on a Friday night.
Nine Ting specializes in both hot pot and BBQ dining/all you can eat. Both are popular as dining formats on their own, and at most restaurants, you do one or the other....this is the first place I've been that does both. Like a traditional hot pot restaurant, each table has an induction burner in the center of the table where the hot pot goes.  They also have an infrared grill to cook the grilled foods. The menu is divided into the hot pot side, and BBQ side, and you can order from either or both (for a small upcharge).  They have a very good assortment of both hot pot and BBQ items, including meat, poultry, vegetables and seafood.  

The quality of the ingredients are average to above average. The one exception I had that was seriously deficient was the seaweed salad they bring as a table appetizer. It was obviously low quality, and dyed green. The sesame seeds were green. It was very off=tasting and I'd avoid it. 

The broth for the hot pot was very bland..I had the Chinese Herb and the Pork Bone. I was able to fix the up a bit by adding some chicken bouillon that they have at the sauce bar, which has a number of great ingredients for sauces . 

The infrared grill is ostensibly cheaper than a gas setup, but is not nearly as hot.  It took a long time to cook, and didn't sear the meet as well as I'd like.  I was able to turn up the heat all the way, and this helped somewhat. 

Overall, the place is just OK.  If you want top-notch hot pot, there are places that do it better. If you want BBQ, there are places that do it better.  If you want a place that does both, this is a decent, affordable, but not an outstanding option.
They forced me to tip 15% despite my choice to tip lower because of horrible horrible service! We explained to the staff from the very beginning that this was our first time, however multiple staff members did not explain the process and just kept telling us to pick our meats and veggies and just cook. It wasn't till we were almost done eating that we realized all the sauces etc we on a separate table. The food was fresh and they seemed to have a decent selection of meats &veggies, however I would not recommend this place due to the horrible customer service.
The staff service was great! A big of a wait tho. Got the AYCE Korean bbq and hot pot for $32 a person. Both menus had great selections: different meat, seafood, veggies selections as well for hot pot there were different soup bases. They also have a sauce bar for you and meat were marinated well for the bbq section. Not a bad gig!
This was the first AYCE KBBQ spot that we came across when we walked into Chinatown and decided to try it out. We opted the BBQ without the hot pot.

Service was okay. They give a huge bowl of rice, edamame, kimchi, nuts, tofu, and lettuce to the whole table. The three of us ordered basically every protein on the menu, mushrooms, onions, and pineapples. All the meat is cut pretty thin so it cooks fairly quickly. There are a variety of sauces on the side that you can grab, which I wasn't used to whenever I've gone to a kbbq place. The meat was basically just seasoned with salt (if even that). There wasn't much flavor to the meat so I used their Korean bbq sauce which was sweet but I would have preferred that the meat be marinated instead of dipped in.

We cooked everything on one grill because the servers weren't easy to track down between each round of cooking. Everything started to taste the same towards the end because of it. We got our moneys worth protein wise, but wasn't satisfied when walking out.
Nine Ting is a great all-you-can-eat hotpot/korean bbq spot in Philly's Chinatown. It's $23 for AYCE hotpot, $28 for AYCE korean bbq, and $33 for both AYCE hotpot and AYCE korean bbq. I came here with a group of 7 for the AYCE hotpot, and we were extremely happy with our experience. I will say that the tables are not built for parties bigger than 8. It would be pretty difficult to squeeze that many into the booths, which are actually only supposed to seat 6. 

We came before the rush on a Saturday evening - around 5:30pm. By 6pm, the line had already begun and would have taken us a minimum of 30 minutes to have been seated. The tables are set up so that you can either do large shared pots, or do individual pots. To our pleasant surprise, the restaurant had all of the staples - sliced beef, sliced lamb, shrimp, all kinds of tofu, meat balls, all sorts of vegetables, and more. And the best part is that the service was pretty quick, so our table was always packed with food. 

We also extremely enjoyed the sauce bar, which provided many different types of sauces and spices to create the best mixture for everyone. My friends who were tasting hotpot for the first time said that they thoroughly enjoyed their experience, and the only downside was that they could not eat more of the great food. Our waitress was also extremely friendly - the staff is happy to accommodate you in English or Mandarin. She made sure that our soups were full, waters filled, and plates clean. 

All in all, I loved my experience at Nine Ting. It's relatively cheap for AYCE hotpot, and I will definitely be coming back. Next time, I have to make sure I have a smaller lunch in order to eat more of the tasty food!
Philly was severely lacking any kind of AYCE Korean/Chinese BBQ, so this was definitely a great addition. The food is fine, the interior is fine, and the selection is fine - everything was just fine. Nothing stood out to be particularly, but nothing was terrible (except 1 thing we ordered as I'll explain below).

So, my friend and I got the AYCE BBQ (you can also do Hotpot as well but we did not opt to do so). The food is cooked in front of you by someone who comes by / sticks around for a long time (did we feel kinda weird that our conversations were pretty personal? a bit) - but she was real nice and didn't really seem to care about what we were saying. The food cooks on what i THINK is an infrared system, so there's no real fire. That makes for 1. less smoke (and therefore your clothes dont smell like food TOO much) and 2. a weird, non-charred cook, which I personally like on bbq.

Well, the house steak and short ribs were both great. The short ribs were a bit too fatty for my liking - if there was a real fire maybe this would have rendered a bit more and have been actually somewhat marginally appetizing, but alas it was not. My friend who was a complete noob with chopsticks also had a hard time eating this. The curried chicken breast was not something I would ever recommend. Tasted TOO much like cumin. Like just cumin. mmm. no good.

You can also make your own sauce - I just did equal parts soy sauce, garlic and sesame oil and it was great.

Overall, this place is a great place that you should DEFINITELY try. Just come hungry!
Had my birthday dinner at Nine Ting and chose to do AYCE Hot Pot because of their birthday special :). I love hot pot and I really enjoyed the vast selection of soup bases, meats, and veggies on their menu. There was also a sauce bar so that you can curate a sauce that catered to your preferences.
I've been here a number of times, but this time seriously extremely disappointed me.

We have a party of 17 people, including one kid, two toddlers,  and one baby. I know in order to request a room you would have to reserve in advance. So I called to reserve "a room" one week prior to our dinner. My friend arrived 15mins early and told one of the host she's here for the reservation with "one of the rooms". The host told her to wait while the rest of the parties are here. When I arrived, I specifically mentioned to the host that I'm here for the reservation at this time for "the room". The host told me that they are cleaning up the table and getting ready and it's best to wait for the rest of the party because once we sat down, they will start the 2 hours timing.  Another 20-30 mins passed, we are ready to be seated, the host brought us to 3 separate tables, not "a room"! I refused to be seated and asked the host I clearly made a reservation for "a room" and was confirmed by you guys twice on this. The host said another party decided to change from a few people to a larger group and wanted the room, so now they dont have the room available for me, who booked the room exactly ONE WEEK ago! Now what is the purpose of a reservation? The host and one of the waiter insisted that the 3 separate tables are also okay for us. So I asked them, are we suppose to yell and talk from table 1 to table 3 during the entire dinner? We reserved a room so we can sit together, chat and enjoy our dinner. The host said but they gave the room to some other parties and no one told him about the change. In my point of view, that is not my mistake that I as a customer should pay for. The restaurant marked down bookings and the time. Knowing you have a reservation at this hour, if you want to grant another party "the room" that I already reserved, you should let the other party know you will not have a full 2 hours of the room because you also have another reservation coming up.  It will be up to the customers to decide if they still want the room or not. This way the restaurant guarantees the room being available for the customer who already reserved in advance. At the end, we waited for an hour after my reservation time to be seated in a room! Not to mention people that have early work the next day, and some of us that have kids and would want to get them to bed early too.

We would think because of their unprofessional mistakes, they would make up for it. Nothing was done on the restaurant side. When the bill comes, I requested for additional discounts due to the fact that we have to wait one hour after our reservation in order to be seated in a room and also for the host unprofessional manner in NOT trying to resolve their mistake. At the end, they gave us a 5% off discount, which we just leave it as that.
Went for my birthday because it's free on your birthday!!! You can choose either hot pot or korean bbq. I went for hot pot because it was a rainy day that called for some hot soup. The perk about the place is that for $27 everything is covered so you can order unlimited meats and seafood. You can also order up to 3 different broths. Service was also good.

Note: there's a fee if you have too much food leftover!!
Worst experienced I've had at this restaurant. We come here every year around the holidays, usually to spend mine, my daughter, and another occasion at this restaurant. First time I truly feel like the service was disappointing. It was not even an extremely busy hour. waiter Bing, was rude from the beginning, dismissed our order. We order 6 types of cuts (meat) and only received two. When we asked why, he rudely said "finish it all then ask more," there was too little food for the amount of people we had in our group. He never came back, we did not have water refills, no napkins, no more extra kimchi, seaweed salad, rice, or the pancake rice we order. they only brought meat twice. TWICE. 
This is not an All You Can Eat, this is an All They Want to Give You. 
We paid more than $200, and what we were served was not worth half of that money. 
THINK ABOUT IT TWICE. DO NOT COME HERE UNLESS YOU WANT LEAVE EITH A HEADACHE AND BAD TASTE.
The soup broth is bland, I had to add my own seasoning from the sauce bar to make it more flavorful. The meat, seafood, and veggies are fresh. The sauce bar is a plus. The 2 star? Here is why...

1. Bad customer service. We have to ask for water 3 times. They didn't give us any spoon to drink our soup with, had to ask for that along with our napkins multiple times.

2. Everytime we ask for more food, I felt like they didn't seem happy...I mean it is an all you can eat place right?!

3. This one here really pissed me off...so it was 12:45AM ( they close at 1AM) we asked for more food cause we are still hungry...they told us no more. I was angry because no one checked on us in the last 30 minutes and we were never told it was last called. I had to argue with the girl for 3 more items. She then finally said ok but told us only have 15 minutes to eat it! Like really? Oh not to mention she only brought out 2 of the 3 items but in smaller portions then earlier.

BTW we were out of there and paid our bill by 12:57am while they were still cleaning.
UNPROFESSIONAL, ILLEGAL, WAITERS/OWNERS BULLY CUSTOMERS INTO LEAVING MORE TIP, NOT EDIBLE. CHECK CURRENT REVIEWS AND REVIEWS THAT ARE NOT RECOMMENDED AT BOTTOM OF PAGE. Came here last night for my grandmothers birthday dinner. She heard that you get a free meal if it's your birthday so she insisted we come here even though my siblings and I had no interest (we know it's not good having been here when they first opened, and from word of mouth we know it hasn't gotten any better). The kind of customers this place attracts are usually people who are looking "all-you-can-eat" because it's the only place in Chinatown that offers this. But if you're looking for quality, spend more and go to Hippot Shabu Shabu at 10th and Arch. I arrived a few minutes late, right after my family members had placed their orders. The waiter informed me that they had ordered enough but I still wanted to add some more vegetarian options. As soon as I asked if I could add more, the waiter told/yelled at me no and I should wait until we finish what we ordered first before ordering more. I quickly shot back, "so I can't eat??" he continued to go back and forth with me until he finally gave in and said "k, fine, go ahead", he stormed off and a waitress took my order. The food comes out, the broth is bland, the ramen noodles looked and tasted like plastic/cardboard, the fried tofu was not tofu at all just a fried empty hole. Nothing was good. We barely finished what we ordered and did not order any more because it was not edible. The check comes, my grandmother gives them her ID to confirm her birthday. My grandmother also insists on treating us. She pays cash. Gets her change and leaves the rest as tip. The waiters and waitresses stand in the corner and laugh and giggle the entire time you are eating but I guess they also watch to see how much tip you are leaving because when got up to leave, the waitress comes over and tells us we did not leave enough and bully us into leaving more.... yes you read that right. She demanded we leave her more money. After going back and forth with her a little and then feeling bad that this place puts their employees in a position that they have to ask for more money, we decide to give her a fee more dollars. This is sad and disgusting!! It's unprofessional and SUPER uncomfortable. If anything, do not support a place that does this!!! The waitress also continued to argue with me (her argument seemed very rehearsed) and hovered over my grandmother who was scrambling for change to give her! I had to tell the waitress to stop arguing with me because we are giving her more money! What is the point of continuing if you see us giving you more than you deserve?? And for god's sake, you know it's her birthday and Mother's Day was just the day before!! Unbelievable and seriously despicable. There are so many better places to eat in Chinatown PLEASE AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS. My family owns businesses in the area and I will be telling all of our family, friends, employees, and clients to go elsewhere. Bad service, rude staff, food not edible, force you to leave more money. Don't say I didn't warn you.
Had an awesome group dinner experience in one of the private rooms at Nine Ting.  Almost everyone chose to have both hot pot and BBQ.  We had two grills and individual hot pots to work with, and ended up eating ourselves silly.  
The 20% tip is automatically added to the bill, so it ended up being around $40 per person.  
One last word to the wise: always remember to butter between grilling sessions.  No one likes blackened meat that sticks to the grill.
We got another three part hot pot: spicy soup, Pig bone soup, tomato soup. Favorite items to order include thin sliced fatty beef, fish fillet, squid, oyster mushrooms, tong hao greens, tofu skin. On your birthday, you can get a free hot pot if you show your ID.

After we finished cooking, the tomato-based soup was the most delicious, very tasty, sweet and tangy. I'd definitely get this broth next time.

Very satisfying AYCE meal -- Perfect for a cold winter's day!
$27 for All-You-Can-Eat bbq and for only $5 more you can do AYCE hot-pot too!

The service here was phenomenal! I booked a party room for my friend's birthday, and way more people showed up than we were thinking would show up, so we ended up squeezing 18 people in a room for 12-15 and they accommodated us very well! Abel was our waiter and he was awesome! Very diligent and usually the guests are suppose to cook their own meat, but with us being such a large group, I asked him to do it for us, and he gladly agreed to! Our drinks were refilled without asking, we had napkins and clean plates on deck and overall it was a nice experience. 

The only downfall for me was that it wasn't the BEST kbbq experience compared to others that I have had because there was so many people and the grills seemed to be a little weak so it took a while for the meat to cook properly. The sauce bar was very cool because it allows you to get whatever you like! They also gave us all free ice cream (chocolate, red bean, and green tea) for checking in on Facebook or Yelp and they also surprised my friend by singing Happy Birthday! It was a great experience overall :) 

I definitely will be back, but with a smaller group next time!
My new fave! I went here on 7/17 for my sons bday. There were five of us in total we each got the Korean bbq and the hot pot. We each ordered various noodles, veggies, pineapple and meat for both our hot pots and to grill. So the experience was a little overwhelming when they first brought out everything which we ordered and we weren't sure we hat to do first. So the staff helped us through the process. So let me offer you a piece of advice order a little at a time. All in all we had enjoyed the food and the experience. I definitely plan on going here again.
Never going to another hot pot place again! This place is so wonderful and an amazing deal. We did the hot pot all you can eat and I'm so FULL. They have everything from Chinese veggies, lamb and beef to all the different fish balls, fish, squid and even crab! Definitely recommend coming here. Good for groups or just two people. Our waiter was awesome too.
This review is specifically about the barbecue experience. I still think the AYCE lunch/dinner hot pot is a great deal. 

The meat quality is lower than most would desire to eat, even with an AYCE option. The particular grill at our table did not heat up enough to even sear the meat. I suspect that many of the grills are this way because the enoki mushrooms and corn came precooked. It took a long time to cook the raw meats and vegetables.

Also, I would not call this barbecue "Korean" in any shape or form. I don't know if I would even call it Chinese, like the hot pot. It's just plain bad. Stick to the hot pot and you will be just fine.
Probably the best hot pot place I've been to in Philly. My friends and I come here every few weeks because it's that good. Their food is fresh, sauces diverse, and the environment is perfect for hang outs with your friends.  This place is basically my second home at this point because of how often I come.

Food: AWESOME. They have a large variety of food you can choose from for the hot pot. I've never had the BBQ, but the menu section for it is also quite big. It's $22.99 for all you can eat, and you can order as much as you want as long as you finish it.  They also have smaller hotpots so that you can have your own individual one instead of sharing a big one with your friends, in case that's what you're looking for. Their broth is honestly kind of tasteless, but the food and the sauce makes up for it. Their sauce bar is also pretty diverse! I'm always so full after eating here, so it's definitely worth the money!

Environment: Really nice and fun. It gets pretty crowded at night though so come early or make a reservation. Everyone sits in a spacious booth to eat, and they have nice pillows on them that you could rest your head on in case you have an intense food coma hahaa. 

Service: It's good. They do a good job of keeping up with the broth in case yours starts running low and will come over to pour more for you. Sometimes though they don't bring all the food you ordered if you order a lot because they miss it or mishear you. Speaking slowly, loudly, and clearly to them while ordering is key when it gets busy because it gets loud. 

Highly recommend coming here if you're craving some hot pot and want to a place to hang out with your friends! :)
This place was amazing!! It had a great atmosphere. Great music playing and also the vibe was perfect 

Most importantly, the food was on point. Everything was delicious and it was ALL YOU CAN EAT. Definitely got my money's worth. 

Also, the service was great. Everybody was so kind and helpful. They were extremely respectful and showed that they really cared about their service. 

I would definitely come here again! I highly recommend it. I always had trouble finding a great Korean BBQ spot but I think this is going to be my new place!!
They only have reservations for groups bigger than 2 people. Expect a pretty decent wait here (30mins) on most nights. The food here is amazing and is served fast!
Very much enjoyed our experience at the BYO Nine Ting. We went with a group of 8, which got us a private room with two grills and individual hot pot burners at each seat. The options were: shabu shabu (hot pot), Korean BBQ, or both (both = $30, BBQ = $27, shabu shabu = $22)--definitely a good deal if you are hungry! (And you really should come starving!)

Dishes to start off the meal: edamame, pickled radish and carrot, seaweed salad, peanuts, and a great kimchi!

BBQ: I think we ordered every single offering (literally the entire first page of meat, plus veggies, seafood, etc.). The mushrooms were so tasty! Some of the cuts of meat were tougher and some were more tender, but almost all were tasty. (I always think bacon will be the best, but every time I have Korean BBQ, the bacon is actually my least favorite--why is that??)

Shabu shabu: Two tips: (1) make sure you don't leave your ramen noodles in too long--remember the store bought kind has a 3-minute time suggestion! and (2) re: the sauces, sometimes less is more (often if you mix a bit of everything you think sounds tasty, you will wind up with something inedible) and don't be afraid to ask (our waiter saw someone's disappointed face and went and mixed him a perfect sauce!).

NB: They do not take American Express, but they can provide separate bills--try to ask in advance!

For more, see Melissa P.'s review (http://www.yelp.com/biz/nine-ting-philadelphia?hrid=2b1PRXnLTkAflpGQznChhA).
Got sick after eating here last night. Both my friend and I got sick around the same time, so it's obvious that it was the hotpot. Have reason to believe there is ALOT of MSG in both the broths and sauces. Not coming back after this.
For unlimited hot pot, Nine Ting hits the spot for a reasonable price. Quality of vegetables and meat overall is solid. You do have to be a little proactive in getting service. We ordered lamb, beef, pork, fish, multiple types of fungi and veggies. The original style grows in depth of flavor the more you cook in it. The herbal version is similar, but adds ginseng and dates to expand upon the original. The spicy style works well with the fish, pig blood, and soft tofu. In summary, great value and fun to eat.
Pretty cool spot! Efficient service and good food! Offers free ayce hot pot for your birthday
