Disclosure: I'm friends with the owner's wife. 

Ahhh finally! A decent ramen place is here in Philly! I've been to many other ramen places in NYC, Boston, etc. and was looking for a good one in Philly. Now my wait is finally over. It just opened two days ago, so there's still a lot of work in progress. Having said that, I was still happy with the current food selection. They have three ramen choices as of right now, the Shoyu (Soy Sauce), the Miso, and Karai (Spicy Miso). They come with tonkotsu broth, chasu (pork belly, so good!), naruto, bamboo, kikurage mushrooms, and scallions. It's also topped with their special "nom nom sauce" which has a sweet tangy flavor to it. Alan, the head chef, recommends having a small taste of the sauce before mixing it up in your ramen. I got the regular sized Karai which will run you at $9. You can also get extra chasu and a poached egg for $2 and $1 respectively (I recommend adding the egg in). The Shoyu ramen is the cheapest one at $8, which is not too unreasonable for a bowl of ramen, especially for the place being in center city. Those with a bigger appetite can order a larger size for $2 more. 

I thought the quality of the broth and the ingredients were excellent. I cleaned up the ramen soup without any problem :). So far, the cons are as follows... no credit card payments accepted yet (but it'll be an option in the future). Only 50 orders per night are being taken. However, this is due to the soft opening of the place. The restaurant wants to make sure the quality is well received by the customers first. They're also training the staff so that they can take more orders in the future. The menu is only limited to the 3 options listed, but it should expand later with seafood and vegetarian options. Lastly, they don't do take-out, so if you want ramen to go, you're out of luck. They believe it's not worth it as it'll make the ramen soggy and ruin the food anyway.

Overall, this is a great place to stop by if you're in the mood for ramen.
We just ate here today, I guess on what is their 5th day of a soft opening.
My verdict thus far is meh.
I honestly don't understand why nom nom is getting such high initial praise, while Ramen Boy is getting trashed in the early reviews.  (even more puzzling is why round eye noodle bar gets such hype.  That place serves awful noodles that are not even close to authentic.)
My hypothesis is that ramen boy suffered from elevated expectations of being philly's ramen messiah, and failed to live up to that role, therefore suffered the backlash of the public's wrath, while nom nom came in under the radar as a dark horse, and got higher praise than it normally should have gotten due to the rebound effect.
In any case, both nom nom and ramen boy are merely adequate, not awful, but not good.  Neither come close to the big boys in the ny metro area.  Their broths are not as rich and savory as totto's or minca's in ,nor as creamy as batten ramen in Fort Lee, and their toppings are not as satisfying as a bowl from rai rai in new Brunswick.
As far as taste, I actually give ramen boy a slight edge over nom nom. Both their base broths are relatively mild, not overly salty, which I like, but both lack a certain oomph, which I can't pinpoint. However, both places miso versions are better than their basic broth.
Ramen boy has better noodles, and their spicy miso is spicier. nom nom's char su is more succulent.
The part where nom nom drops the ball is in their bamboo topping. It was TERRIBLE!!  Here's why - they used cheap canned bamboo, the kind from the Chinese market that's canned in water and tastes slightly tinny, instead of using the soft, tasty, marinated japanese style bamboo. One bite of that and I was like "blech".   That kind of bamboo is ok or cheap Chinese stir fry, or whatever, but I think it's disgraceful to try to pawn that off on an unsuspecting public when you are supposed to be a serious ramen operation. It would have been better to leave it out altogether. If there was an American idol of ramen type competition, that's the kind of stunt that will get you voted off right quick.
Anyway, I do hope ramen boy and nom nom fix their glitches and make it last, because we need more ramen options in Philly, but it the meanwhile, I will continue to do my part by giving honest, and hopefully constructive criticism to this and any other new ramen joint that may open up in the philly area.
So here's the thing - I actually really really like instant ramen.

No, not the Top Ramen/Cup O' Noodle variety, but the Asian brands you can pick up at the local H-Mart. Throw in some bok choy, choice meats, and a poached egg, and you got yourself a pretty hearty meal in just under three minutes. I think because my brain will forever associate "ramen" with this classic kind in a package, I am always thrown off by what I receive when I order actual ramen at a restaurant, slightly disappointed that it's not the instant type I've grown to love.

That said, Nom Nom is pretty solid. The karai (spicy miso) broth was actually spicy and quite flavorful, thankfully not as fatty as others around (very salty though). It is well accompanied by the seaweed, bamboo shoots, scallions, and sesame seeds. Noodles are chewier than I'm used to, but fine. Definitely add on the marinated soft boiled egg (they do this free of charge if you forgo the pork belly). Ask for tap water at the register. $8 total for a regular bowl, and cash only.

I'd come back. But probably only if I was out of Shin Ramyun packages at home. (Seriously, that stuff is legit)
I have not been here in so long...Things have changed..
I tried the chicken spicy ramen today and boy was it good. The broth was really good, it had a miso base and also a smokey taste. The chicken was very tender and flavorful. I asked the girl at the counter and she said the broth is made of pure chicken, so no maggi (chicken bullion) up in here! My friend got the spider buns.. which were amazing. I love the mango chipotle sauce that they make. Very good kick! Good Job Nom Nom. Oh btw if you are going- add the soft boil egg in your ramen. It's really good.
The ramen was decent but a little too expensive for what you get. The broths were tasty, but excessively salty toward the bottom. The noodles were nice and chewy, but the pork was just meh (and you only get 2 small pieces). One thing that was kind of cool was that if you add on an egg to your bowl, they somehow make a soy-marinated soft-boiled egg that oozes yolk when you bite into it. 

Portions were a little skimpy and the food itself underwhelming for ~$8-9 a bowl. I'd consider coming back if I lived closer to this place, but it's not really worth going out of your way for.
Nom Nom Ramen may be my favorite place for Ramen in Philly. Not to mention it also won Best of Philly 2012 for ramen.
The service is fast and friendly. I love walking in starving and knowing that I will be eating delicious soup in 5 mins. 
I have gotten all of the different varities  that they offer: shio,  shoyu, miso, and karai. I highly recommend the karai if you can handle spicy food! Otherwise I would go with the shio and add a little bit of sriracha hot sauce.
I always add the extra soft-boiled egg and bean sprouts! Totally worth it! Enjoy!
I'm going to be harsh, especially having lived with ramen in the West Coast:

I was particularly disappointed with the service when I walked in today with my family. Girl at the cashier was completely dismissive, almost lost in space until we got up to the register. We had sat down at first mistakenly believing they'd come to take orders. Absolutely no reaction from her despite the fact we were sitting there until I asked if orders were at the front. Very curt with our orders, and it's pretty unacceptable to not know items on your own menu. I ordered the hiyashi chuka and her co-workers had to tell her what it was. She later brings out the bowls and just drops it on the table. I understand this is a minimal service kind of establishment, but really, this kind of lack of professionalism by the teenagers working the counter/kitchen isn't going to cut it.

The food:

The ramen texture is decent, though honestly, I would venture to believe it's the packaged ramen. I don't think $8 is worth that.  Broth, though, is decent: strong tonkotsu flavor, but it's just a bit too salty, even for shio ramen.

Miso ramen tastes muddled as if it were actually a shio ramen with miso paste in it. (that might actually be their intention)

Hiyashi chuka - absolutely not worth the $10+ price tag, even if it's a "summer special." Decent use of sesame oil in the tabe sauce, but there wasn't much in terms of veggies and the three pieces of meat seemed almost like a second thought. 

The fish cake in each bowl looked like shavings. Not very generous with the ingredients per bowl, chashu especially.
I got recommended to this place by my cousin who lived in Philadelphia so I thought she might know which one is better ramen here so I decided to try this place out after we walked around Love Park (this place is only 4 blocks away from Love Park, so walking will be recommended as parallel parking is very limited in the central city). This place is hidden in a small street, which you have to walk in and no worries, it is there, you won't get lost. 

First I thought the place is like a dine in restaurant but it appeared to be a to go or fast food restaurant where you ordered at the counter and they will bring it to you or you can get a to go ramen. I thought this was unique as the traffic can flow faster as people eat and leave then more people come (you have to bring the trays up near the trash and dump out all your stuffs to a trashcan and leave the trays back up, they won't clean it for you, as this is not a restaurant, so clean up yourself).

I ordered the regular miso ramen and added nothing and it was only 8 dollars and my fiance ordered spicey miso ( warning: it is very spicey that he couldn't drink/taste the soup at all). The noodles were chewey enough and the soup base is flavorable (not too salty or sweet, it was just right).
Haven't been here since spring of 2015 and I was in for an unpleasant surprise when I stopped here for a lunch. Apparently they renovated the restaurant last summer. They changed the business model, so it is no longer a fast food style restaurant and now offers full service. Despite this, they are STILL cash only!

Since I haven't been here for a while, I ordered their signature ramen. It turned out the signature attribute was the addition of 1.5 tablespoons of a minced pork and chili sauce paste, which I was told to stir into the noodles. It was suppose to provide a umami bomb to the broth but it didn't do much for me and mucked up the flavor of the broth. I was shocked this minced meat sauce would warrant the $2 up charge. I also was charged $2 for 3 stocks of baby bok choy. They also changed the small sized bowls. The bowl are now plastic, more cone shaped, and seem to hold less content.

I ended up paying $17 and some change after tax and tip for my bowl of noodles. Being a full service restaurant, I felt obligated to give tip but all they did was bring me the menu and water. It seems Nom Nom upped their price to make up for the renovations they had done. I also think Nom Nom made a mistake in choosing picnic style tables with benches that look like they belong in a trendy fast food place like Honey Grow. They are nice tables but do not give the restaurant the fancy sit-in "look"/atmosphere that would warrant the ridiculous prices you now have to pay to get a bowl of noodles. 

I am never coming back here again. Noodles should be $13 and less in center city. If I wanted to pay almost $18, I'll get something higher end like sushi. Honestly, I was surprised at the lack of patrons in the restaurant because prior to the renovation, the place was always packed and bustling during lunch time! It is not like that anymore so it looks like they are losing customers. Nom nom seriously goofed with their change in business model.
I'm taking you down.  Taking you down to Chinatown.

I get it, you renovated and added table service.  If I remember correctly, a regular ramen used to be 7 something.  Now it's 10.  Large is 14.  Portions have not changed, just your prices.

Still cash only and now you can't walk out of there for less than 10 bucks.

It's still tasty.  I just don't appreciate the hike in prices.
I'm very happy this place exists.

Cold days, warm days, any day really is a good time for ramen in my book.  This place is simple and I think that is one of its benefits.  It gets right to the point.  When you walk in, you see a good number of tables and a little board off to the left with the menu and selections.

It's very efficient.  You look it over, you order and you wait 5 minutes to begin enjoying.  I think the regular size is all one would really need but hey, if you want more ramen, go for the large.  I've had the Shio and the Kara Miso and I'm not sure which one I like better.  I think of ramen as sexy pho.  I love me some pho, but ramen wins in my book for flavor.

You can add extra pork belly if you wish but I never find it necessary.  The broth, the noodles, they are perfect.  The staff is sweet and the prices are good.

Definitely a go to lunch spot for me.
My love the for hyashi ramen will never die. Nom nom you have perfected this ramen. I wish it was on the menu during the winter. Yelpers, order it more so it stays on the menu during the winter! 
I tried their tuna tartar special today and it was good. The plantain chips was a nice touch. The dressing/sauce on it was really good. Hard to describe, definitely have to try it for yourself.
During my recent visit to Philly I tried Nom Nom for my dinner. The place is not huge but has decent amount of seating available.

The menu is not exhaustive but covers the traditional and basic ramen dishes. They have a daily special too, I choose to order the regular sized shiyo which comes with pork. I upgraded to add a soft boiled egg and extra pork. Overall the meal was $12 bucks.

The quantity of the food was good , the food came out quickly out of the kitchen. Now coming to the flavors, I believe the taste was decent nothing extraordinary and the shiyo was little on the expensive side. Service was good nothing special.
Returned for more and got their shio tonkatsu version this time and my opinion still stands. This is a solid bowl of ramen and the cha shu was excellent this time. However I missed the time when the broth was a little saltier and wonder if a previous yelper complaining about it earlier affected the saltiness of my broth today. It must be maddening for the owners to see the wide variability in customer desires. 

Still saying that they should have some level of customization like ichiran which would immediately make nom nom legendary IMO (http://www.tokyoessentials.com/ichiran-ramen.html) since they will have implemented a system by which they can satisfy the wide variability in customer tastes that to my knowledge still doesnt exist in the US until Ichiran itself comes to Brooklyn.
Pretty bummed to write this update. I was meeting my husband here for dinner. As I stood at the counter waiting to order, the server walked by me multiple times, looked directly at me, and never acknowledged me or bothered to say she would take my order shortly or anything. At the same time, there were probably 5 other guys in the back, making ramen noodles and kind of just bs-ing around - saw me standing there and didn't bother to say anything or acknowledge me either. 

After a few minutes of standing here awkwardly, the girl finally came back and asked me what I wanted. I told her that my husband was on his way, so I wanted to place an order first and he would pay as soon as he got there since I didn't have cash (but he did). She said, "Well if you want us to take your order you need to pay us first." 

First off, I'm not going to dine and dash and steal your ramen. Secondly, how is me placing an order and paying you 5 minutes from now any different from if someone called and placed an order for pick up? They wouldn't be paying you cash over the phone. Would you not take their order until they showed up and paid? This was a little ridiculous.

On top of her just being plain rude, and how multiple employees didn't bother to say anything while I stood there for a good 5+ minutes, when my husband arrived we took our money to Terakawa Ramen instead. Nom Nom needs another crash course in customer service.
Simple. Good. Ramen. 

I have been waiting for a ramen place in Philadelphia for the longest time. For the longest time, I had to trek to New York or LA for ramen (or depend on the mini ramen at Yakitori Boy). 

The broth is rich and developed, the noodles are good but lack a bit of the springiness I love in ramen noodles. It definitely hits the spot for the average ramen lover out there, perhaps not the best I've ever had, but good nonetheless.

Nom Nom certainly holds its own against NYC ramen places. And as a plus, no need to wait in hour long lines and pay through the nose for ramen!
I am so happy to see Nom Nom reopen after the month long renovation, however , I am so disappointed of the Ramen . 

What happened guys ? 

Nom Nom used to be my favorite place to fulfill my ramen craving in philly and I have raved about it to every single person I know . I will no longer return after this time . 

My favorite part about the Ramen from Nom Nom was their creamy broth, it hurt every taste bud on my tongue and was always made to perfection . The broth now is watered down , it was so flavorless and tasted like water plus instant noodle seasoning packets. 

The braised pork are thinly sliced now and on top of that one of the pieces was a half piece of pork. 
 
I understand how after the reopening you need to raise the price , which is no big deal. But , with this kind of quality ? I am so sad I have just lost a favorite restaurant from the city.
The pork belly buns are so tender and moist! And the service is great! Loved it all and will be frequenting it there a lot in the future! Also, not too crowded for lunch
Wasn't expecting much from this place based on the reviews, but it's definitely not terrible and will satisfy your ramen cravings.

This restaurant opens at 11:00 AM so my friend and I went around 11:30 AM and were the first there. By 12:30, when we left, the restaurant was still quite empty. Perhaps it was a slow day. We ordered the pork buns and my friend ordered the special and I ordered the 36 hour pork broth with spicy miso. The pork buns came right away and after we finished, our waitress brought us our ramen with no wait time in between.

Pork buns: The pork buns were pretty good! One order comes with two pork buns. The sauce is on the heavy side and they are very messy to eat. The pork belly is SO fatty - which may or may not be a good thing depending on who you are. The actual bun is soft and overall, they taste pretty great.

36 hour broth spicy miso - not too impressed with this. I ordered a regular size and while I could not finish it all, at $11.50, the portion was definitely on the smaller side that the price was not justified. I felt as though i could find a better deal in NYC. I did not find the broth to be very spicy, but it was SO SALTY and VERY OILY. It comes with two slices of pork, which are the same as the ones in the pork bun. The surprising thing is that this ramen doesn't come with an egg! I thought this was a staple for any ramen. Lots of bamboo shoots in the broth, though and comes with one Naruto.

This is my first time trying ramen in philly, but I was not impressed. It is okay and not a bad experience to eat, and definitely still tasty! However I would say that this was not one of the best ramen places I have been to.
Finally got to check out this cute spot for lunch last week. I am a huge fan of Japanese noodles, and had my eye on this restaurant for the past year!

I went early so as to miss the crowds, and was in and out (takeout) in 5 minutes tops.

I was immediately warmly greeted by the staff. Everyone was incredibly friendly and helpful, especially knowing it was my first time there. They made recommendations, and made me feel very welcome. 

I was torn on what to get, as it all sounded great!  I finally decided on the Wasabi Shoyu Yasai Ramen, which was full of noodles, veggies, and tofu in a delicious broth.  It was not super spicy, but had a nice little kick. The food was ready very quickly, and was still piping hot when I got it back to my office to eat it. (As a nice touch, the broth was packed separately from the rest of the ingredients, to prevent it from getting soggy.)

I'll definitely be back!
After the huge disappointment of Ramen Boy (1st real ramen shop in Philly, closed), I was super excited to explore Nom Nom.

I must confess that the ramen here was tastier than Ramen Boy. The noodles had a nice chewy bite to it. However, the broth was just okay. The pork was also very unmemorable.

I want my ramen slurpy with fine ramen noodles swimming in an irresistible broth. I didn't find that here.

This place is not even on the same stratosphere of places like Totto, Ippudo, Santouka, and Daikokuya. However, if you never had any of these places, I can understand the 4 stars or higher ratings. 

Overall, If you're already in the Rittenhouse area, come here if you're craving for a nice hot bowl of ramen. Otherwise, I recommend you save your money and time.
**Cash only**

In LOVE with Nom Nom Ramen. My friends and I usually come here almost every Sunday. It's  a perfect little hangover cure, at least that's what we tell ourselves. I normally get the vegi shio and a fountain drink, which comes to $11 - great price for such an amazing meal. Bummed they don't do five star anymore - I was super close to my free bowl. I have tried nearly all of the broth flavors, but the best (IMO) are karai and shio. 

I am so happy it is finally open again! It needed a bit of a face lift, which is exactly what it got. I am very excited to go this Sunday! Hoping the menu stayed the same!

*******POST-REOPENING********

I had to take away two stars after going back after their reopening for two reasons:

1. Raise in their prices (no longer can come with $11)

2. New wait staff experience. My favorite part of Nom Nom was the casual fast service I got from walking up to the counter ordering, filling my drink cup up and getting some Sriracha and sitting down and it was delivered to my table. NOW you have to sit and get waited on. BOOOO! Went from a super-casual experience to a more formal and less-freedom experience. Go back to that NOM NOM PLZ.
There are so many mixed reviews here- I wasn't sure what to expect. :) I tried Nom Nom Ramen for the first time today. It was super busy - lunch time - but I got a spot at the counter by the door since it was just me. Everything from the genmai cha tea to the Aka ramen was delicious! I'll definitely be back.
Get the karai miso & ask for spicyyy ! add an egg and it is delicious!
the broth is a bit greasy but I'm not sure if that's a japanese ramen trait or not. Otherwise, it is very flavorful and not too salty like other places. Plus, it actually has a spicy kick, hallelujah! Next time I'm getting the large since the regular size was just right but I was so hungry it wasn't enough for me.
The service was good last night since both servers were attentive as needed. it's CASH ONLY though!
Still don't accept credit cards - but they do have take out - that is well packed (broth and goodies in separate bowls). I also love the little piece of nori that comes when you get Shoyu.  You can also add bean sprouts and/or bok choy for a small upcharge.

I tried the Shio this time - and liked it better than the Shoyu.  Both are salt-laden, though. And I also enjoy the Miso - but that may be from the drizzle of black garlic "nom nom" sauce on top.

Next time will try the (limited time offer) Pork Cheeks or the Soft-Shell crab buns!  (pricey stuff - but I bet it's great.)

The bad part?  With all the extra goodies (no need for extra noodles in my opinion, unless you are a big eater and famished) I usually spend about $10 on ramen.  YIKES.
Working long hours to produce prints for the city so I haven't been able to prepare food wise. Luckily I work a stones throw from this place. Their food is really good. 
Today I got the shrimp wrapped in crispy noodles and the Japanese curry ramen with chicken. 
Normally I tell anyone why go anywhere except Chinatown for Ramen? Well here is a reason.
I've been spoiled by the ramen back in Seattle . 
The ramen is good tasting but not as customizable as those in Seattle. The broth is a bit salty for my taste but it was overall a satisfying warm meal. 

I'm not a super huge fan of the noodles that were used but serving size was large 
I ordered a regular tonkotsu ship :) service was nice and quick - as well as attentive!
I've been here a handful of times for lunch and each time I've left warm, satisfied, and with a belly full of ramen.  Nom Nom Nom.

Several times I've had the Karai Miso.  Its their spicy ramen bowl with miso broth, bamboo, mushroom, naruto (fish cake- yes there's even an emoji for it  ), scallions, garlic sauce and pork belly.  I always add a soft boiled egg to my ramen for (I believe) an extra $1.00.    
There are other add-ons like extra meat (pork belly), extra meat cubes, extra ramen noodles, and bean sprouts, so you can customize your bowl any way you want. Or... you can up the ante and order a side of pork cheeks for $5.00. Succulent. (Careful though- its very easy to upgrade your ramen from $9.50 to $15.00+)

More recently I tried the spicy miso with pork cheek and it was a fantastic upgrade from the original Karai Miso I was so used to. Basically the same as the spicy miso but with pork cheeks instead of pork belly, and the egg comes standard with every bowl. The meat was more flavorful and there seemed to be a bit more.  Also this time, I opted to add extra chili oil which really sent me to flavor heaven. 

"I don't want none unless you got pork buns, hun!" Absolutely.  These are great. Two buns with each order (perfect for sharing) stuffed with pork belly, some greens and a spicy mayo.  I can't come here without ordering them now. 

Note: The space is somewhat small and seating is limited. If you're rolling solo you can usually set up shop at a high-top bar stool at the window. 

Cash only!!
Yum! Wow one of the best ramen places ive been too. Def love there nom nom buns!! Cant wait to come back the ramen was also so tasteful!! Cant wait to come back and bring more friends and family.
Before Nom Nom my ramen experience was limited to the bottom of the barrel supermarket quality that was so quintessential to my college days. But Anime culture has enlightened me well enough to crave and yearn for my first authentic ramen experience, and when I had enough to confirm that Nom Nom had enough going for it to make it a worthy destination (as opposed to failed spots like Ram Boy whose reviews terrified me), I dubbed it my first ramen bar to try. and I was more than happy with the results.

The first thing I loved about the menu was its versatility with the ability to go veggie or pile it high with pork belly and hard boiled eggs. And whether you do it soy based or miso based, or make it spicy or salty, the broth is a perfect rejuvenating elixir that works well for cold weather. You can also customize it even further by adding plenty of etra noodles, mushrooms, meat, and more. or you can skip that ramen all together and order some pork buns and hot tea.

With fast packed lunch rush hours, and chiller dinner hours its the perfect spot to add to your Rittenhouse chowdown options.
Yes!  Finally a ramen-centric place in Philly!  This place is pretty new and seems to have some growing pains, but I see a lot of potential.  They're short on staff, which may result in some overlooked order add-ons or a little bit of a wait, but don't let that distract you from a yummy and cheap bowl of noodles.

While the ramen choices are limited (salt, miso, spicy, and soy sauce), they do come in small and large sizes.  This is great, since I would never be able to finish a large bowl by myself, so having a cheaper and smaller option is great.  You get one less piece of pork belly, but it costs about $1.5 less.  Both the spicy ramen I ordered and soy sauce that my man ordered were pretty good.  The noodles were cooked well and the pork belly was surprisingly tender for how lean it was (diet pork belly, yes!).  My major criticism (and this is a real issue) is that it was a little too shallow on the broth.  I didn't notice either to be too salty, but I like my food over-seasoned.  I also added an egg to my ramen.  The cooks forgot it initially, but brought it out after we alerted them.  The egg was cooked perfectly (medium-boiled), but it did cost about $1.5 extra, so I'm not sure if it's worth it (could order the large for the same total price).

We also ordered the pork buns, and they seem to use the same pork as in the ramen.  It's lean for pork belly, but again, cooked nice and tender.  They give you two slabs of it per pork bun, so it literally splits the bun open.  It's a bit messy, but I'm not complaining, the more pork the better.  My only complaint is the addition of cucumber slices to the buns.  Maybe I'm biased toward the cucumber-less ways at other eateries, but I do feel that the cucumber gives an overpowering (and not particularly pleasant) taste and texture to the bun.  It interrupted the enjoyment of the pork and doesn't add any additional crunch - which the lettuce supplies.  I took the cucumber out of my last few bites and enjoyed the meaty sweet pork bun much more. 

I think this place definitely deserves a try and it shouldn't be judged by NYC or West Coast standards. At least not in its inaugural season.  It fills a definite void in Philly and for now, it's my ramen lifeline.
This ramen was super savory and tasted just like it does in Japan! All of the seasoning is so perfectly distributed throughout the soup you don't have to add anything. Had to throw in the extra bamboo shoots and chives though--haha! We also got the Bao buns and they were super soft-- the perfect consistency!  I'm not crazy about pork but it was actually really good and not fatty (which I hate). The tea was also a really nice touch. I enjoyed the tea pot they bring to the table. Great atmosphere and great service!
My friend and I had come to town to visit the Mutter Museum, and were looking for something to eat afterward.  You wouldn't think it would be so hard to find, but nothing was open, and they were accepting indoor dining!  But we finally saw Nom Nom Ramen, they were open and looked welcoming, so in we went.  The gentleman working there was super friendly, took good care of us with delicious food, hot tea, and friendly fast service.  I'd definitely recommend giving them a try.
Small ramen store across Green Eggs/Harper's Garden. I was pretty surprised at the quality of the ramen, and I definitely would come back if I'm feeling for it. They have a very good selection of items on their menu. They also serve buns that are pretty decent. Look at the pictures and you can tell that the food looks delicious! I haven't really seen this place super busy and have been able to grab a seat rather easily. Service is pretty good; the waiter we had gave great recommendations!

Rating: 6/10
Items we ordered:

1) Aka Nom Nom Ramen (Regular) - $14 as of 7/2019.
Very rich and flavorful broth.  I really liked the sesame flavor in this dish.  However the broth can be heavy which can make it more difficult then expected to finish so keep that in mind.

2) Shio Pork Tonkotsu (Large) - $14.50 as of 7/2019
Broth had good flavor.  Not over salted and noodles were cooked perfectly.  The pork was definitely the best part of it.  Extremely tender (to the point of it disintegrating if you're not careful!) and full of fatty pork goodness! I enjoyed this a lot.

3) Nom nom buns (2 pieces) - $8.50 as of 7/2019
The buns themselves were so fully and fresh I wish I could use them as pillows.  The pork belly filling was the same that was in the ramen (ie: Awesome!).  Because the buns and pork bellies are delicate, do be careful when handling them as they can fall apart on you.

Overall while this wasn't the eye opening ramen I've ever had the prices were very reasonable and the flavors good!
For when your coworkers want to go out to lunch but you kind of have a cold: Nom Nom.
For when you want to warm up over a hot bowl of noodle soup but you're at work: Nom Nom.
For when you want to be served, but want to be in and out within and hour: Nom Nom.
For when you accidentally want to spend $15-20 on lunch (get the pork buns): Nom Nom.
For when you want your pork bun to have lettuce and pickled veggies on it: Nom Nom.
For when you want to pay $1.50 for an egg: Nom Nom.
For when you want to spend under $10 for a bowl of Ramen (with egg) and be out in 30 min: Ai Ramen.

Nom Nom now takes credit cards (but not Amex) and is a sit down, order with a server-type place, with several booths, some communal seating, some small tables (watch out for tables by the door, it can get drafty), and some bar seating facing outside. Skip the Spicy Bomb ($1.50) and just get the spicy broth. Service is quick and Asian (no frills). I wish prices were a bit cheaper (like they used to be), but I get that they are competing with more fast-food ramen places, and it's nice they have the option of regular or large (regular is usually plenty), and different cuts of meat.
This is some quality Ramen. I got the spicy pork ramen with black garlic, which was incredible. Also, everything is VERY reasonably priced. The pork was absolutely perfect, as was the rest of the dish. The spice level was 2 peppers, but was not overly spicy. 

The green tea was refreshing and the service was great. This place is great for a quick dinner or a group meal. The food was fresh and came out quickly. I would absolutely go back over and over again, and likely will.
Was unable to enjoy the food as I was in shock at how our waitress treated us.

In general our waitress was rude, impatient, aggressive, sarcastic, from the moment we sat down..... I have NEVER experienced anything like it in dining. The waitress that took over after we voiced our complaints was kind, but no manager or supervisor was available for us to make a serious complaint in person about our original waitress.

Will not be returning here.

Ramen was okay.
Quality of food is very good. Particularly like the shio broth. They have salads in the summer with the ramen ingredients, which is nice if you want something that is cooler temperature wise. Pork belly is really good, as are all of the individual ingredients. Taste of the food is also quite good overall.

You used to order at the coutner and they would deliver to you,b ut now I think they have regular waiter/waitress service. Prices are somewhat high in my opinion, but the quality of the ingredients is good.
Not the most amazing ramen but it gets the job done! I recommend the curry ramen. It has great flavor!

I cannot speak more highly about their service! They always make you feel at home and greet me like family every time I walk in the door! The sweetest service and most attentive.
not bad for philly i must say! so happy that philly's ramen scene is finally emerging. not so happy this is happening now that i am no longer there! i like nom nom's self serve layout. pay when u order, then clean up after yourself when you are done. no muss & fuss of waiting for your server to come. in today's busy world, you need to be in & out when time is of the essence. and i may be the only one who loves the liquid receptacle! keeps things clean, organized and splash free- the way i like it!

i have gotten the shio, shoyu, & miso ramen and my favorite has to be the shoyu. the broth is cooked overnight and it certainly shows in the full flavor of every spoonful. the noodles are perfectly al dente and for extra, you can add a poached egg which is also nicely soft boiled. the pork here is probably some of the best pork i have had. it's tender, and just a little bit salty, and very porky...mmmm. the pork buns are also phenomenal. slightly spicy and on a fluffy white bun, it's the perfect appetizer. i will definitely be back when i come to visit philly!
Hits the spot on a cold wintery day. Or maybe I just don't have any other ramen options near Rittenhouse.

I usually get the shio tonkatsu ramen, and don't forget to add the soft boiled egg. Yum!

If you order take out, they'll separate out the noodle and soup so it doesn't get soggy. I've found that even if you have left overs, it tastes just as good reheated the next day. 

Also a plus for the all you can eat sesame + pickled chilis provided. Also, from what I hear from vegetarian friends, this place is veg friendly!
Nom Nom! 

This delicious ramen house definitely lives up to it's name.  On a recent cold and rainy day in Philly I was itching for a good bowl of ramen. By way of yelp and word of mouth I decided to try out Nom Nom. Parking in the area was fairly easy and the staff was very warm and welcoming.  Perfect. 

I ordered the karai since I am a big fan of spicy miso and it was all that I hoped for. Served piping hot, a good blend of creamy miso broth with a great kick, tender pork,  plenty of al dente noodles and veggies with the perfect soft boiled egg. I drool at the thought of it as I write this. I did sample the shoyu but wasn't a fan, to be fair I never like that flavor at any ramen spot. I have been to many ramen joints but I have to say this is second only to Hapa Ramen in SF and just above Ken Ken Ramen in SF because Nom Nom offers a spicy option. I'm so excited to add Nom Nom to my list of regular spots. I'm a happy bird! 

They don't take credit cards but do accept "Level Up" the mobile app you can link to a credit card. I've noticed a lot of places in Philly are starting to use this so in my opinion it's worth looking into. 

All in all I can't say enough about Nom Nom and I'm happy to have this be my 100th review!
I don't get why this place charges $18 for a bowl of ramen while it's competitor and even well known ramen place in Manhattan charges only $12. It's portion of pork is larger but I felt overall mediocre in taste. It's service was good, pleasant staffs but with the fountain drinks machine in the open seating area This just felt more like a generic fast food places yet it commands a high price for its mediocre noodles.
Someone please buy me a train ticket so I can get this meal on the daily. My entire body and soul never wanted to leave this restaurant. When we entered, we were seated immediately, and the restaurant is pretty small to begin with. We ordered the Nom Nom Buns and the Nom Chef Special Ramen. I'm a pretty small girl so I ordered the Regular, and that looked more than enough. The server was attentive, and she came many times to fill up our waters. Moreover, the man, who I assumed was either the manager or owner, instructed us to mix in the paste into the broth. 

Onto the food, I would like to bless this place. The ramen was at the perfect texture and not too chewy , which I loved! The meat, oh my lord, just melted in your mouth. They give at least 3 big strips, so you definitely get your money's worth! There's also a soft boiled egg, and it was cooked to perfection! I also highly recommend getting the buns. The have the texture of a bao, which is firm yet spongy - like foam. The meat is still perfection and it's served with a sauce and dollop of mayo on top. 

In terms of payment, my friend thought this was still a cash only establishment, but according to another reviewer, they have started accepting credit cards. Definitely call ahead so you have a means to pay!

I'm booking my train ticket as we speak.
Great presentation of there Ramen, terrific service, and quite a few things to come back for besides the ramen.

I took out an order of the aka ramen nom nom and the choice did not disappoint. My only criticism is I wish they had more soup options such as shrimp dumping and other noodle choices. I plan on completing a pilgramage to Chinatown to find the best overall noodle spot but if you are on the hunt for some good ramen this is a great area for a pop in and some of there other appetizer items I hear pack alot of flavor. 

Great for the winter season to warm you up!
Hands down - best Ramen in Philadelphia. The '36 hour' broth makes this the best bowl of Ramen I've had and I've had Ramen in Tokyo. I almost always order the Karai (spicy) style - it is not too spicy, and has a good, smooth flavor.

The only downside is the location - I work closer to Chinatown and don't find myself in Rittenhouse as often, but it is definitely worth the trip. Make sure you check their hours before you go - they close mid-day before they start serving dinner.
Nom Nom is a quaint little ramen place tucked away on s18, and worth checking out. Originally we were going to do take out but ramen seems like a "eat it while it's hot" experience. Nonetheless- they do have takeout and delivery via Cavier if you'd rather order from home! The staff here is polite and attentive- they stayed out of our way but we're around when needed. We tried the special pork buns (salmon) which were delicious and the buns themselves were very fluffy which I liked. I tried the chef special ramen as my main dish.The bowl was FULL and there were a lot of components, all of which were delicious. I just wish there was a little bit more broth in the bowl to balance it out, but I would go back here again to try some other ramen bowls off the menu.
Hands down my favorite ramen joint I come here about once a month! Their broth and eggplant buns are full of flavors! The pictures were ruined by the filter (no idea why I didn't use flash). Also their firebomb is AMAZING!!!
This place is pretty easy to find in the city. It's very clean and cute inside with Japanese masks on the wall as decor. It also smells amazing inside. The service was good, and the waiter made sure to stop by often to check on us and refill our drinks (free refills on fountain sodas here).

I ordered the Aka Nom Nom Ramen, which is one of the specialty ramens. It looked, smelled, and tasted amazing. The broth was on the thicker, heavier side. It was fragrant, but not too greasy or salty. The chashu was tender and flavorful, and the soft boiled egg was...soft boiled lol. I liked that the noodles weren't too soft. I got a little ahead of myself and ordered a kaidama (noodle refill), but I definitely didn't need it. The bowls are on the smaller side, but they actually give you a lot of noodle.
Well, one should really venture here only if one particularly likes pork belly.  I do not.  So I tried the vegetarian summer special.  It had some tasty noodles, lots and lots of scallions, a few cherry tomatoes, some greens, and hints of mushrooms and seaweed.  It tasted fine -- especially after the addition of some hot pepper powder -- but not at all worth the $11 price tag.  Also, the air-conditioning, if there was any, was too low to be felt on a hot summer day.  

My friend got one of the hot ramen bowls and it looked invitingly colorful, with a good mix of meat, veggies, and noodles.  Also, the soft-boiled egg looked just right, with golden runny yolk.  It would have been a nice addition to the veggie special.  So, again, if you like the pork belly, this might be the place for you; if not, then probably not.

The restaurant is decorated simply.  There are both booths and tables for sitting.  Drinks include typical sodas as well as some Japanese drinks (such as tea).
I can't get enough of the pork buns, so tasty and I feel like I could eat 6 of them but that wouldn't leave me any room for the yummy Shio Tonlotsu. I will return to have more buns and different ramen during my next trip to Philly.
Great service, great food, and nice atmosphere!! The broth in my ramen was so flavorful!! I eat ramen quite often and I think this is definitely a quality spot with quality ramen. Service was great, everyone was very polite and there was no wait time with our food. Ramen was hot and fresh when it got to our table. They are so thoughtful!! We had "to go" containers and they separated the broth and noddles so it would taste better when we ate our leftovers later. 

Definitely recommended to anyone in the area!!!
Try the Toriniku (pork cheek) special - or get a side order of it.
If you are a pork fan this is BETTER than the pork belly.  Still fatty, yes, but very tender.  Super flavorful.

All the broth here is very salty to me, but still a tasty winter treat.
Tip:  add Bok Choy and Bean Sprouts!
Great place to enjoy a giant bowl of ramen.  Don't be put off by the lack of frills or the rather depressing decor - that doesn't matter once you get your bowl and dig in.  I made the mistake once of not ordering my ramen spicy, but will never make that mistake again - and I highly recommend you go spicy if you're not afraid of a little heat.  
It's cheap-ish - you can get away with spending under $10 for your meal, but it's mostly noodles and broth and more expensive than say a Subway sandwich, so I'd say it's moderately priced for what you're getting.  But if you have a ramen craving, you should check it out.
I got a delivery order using another app. Loved their food. Had a pork bun, eggplant bun and crispy shrimps. each of these were so delicious, words aren't enough. 

The concept of having shrimp wrapped in noodles and fried for a crisp finish - is mind blowing. It was paired with a sweet and spicy glaze sauce which was equally delicious. loved it.

The pork bun is already recommended in the reviews so I went ahead with those and eggplant buns to see what can Nom Nom offer to vegetarian folks. It was a not too thin slice of eggplant fried and put in the extremely soft bun with lettuce and a spicy sauce. the bun was so soft i could have had 10 of them! 

The pork bun was undoubtedly delicious. The bun kind of melted in mouth.. its so yumm that just thinking about it makes me order again ;)

I have friends who dine their regularly and recommend their pork belly ramen, so that might be next in my list.
I am by no means a "Ramen Connoisseur"....hell the only ramen I ever had was the square pack you boil in water and dump the flavor pack on...but while working in the city for a couple days I walked by this place a couple times and said to myself "Self...you gotta go in and try REAL Ramen"

Holy. F.  I am glad I did!!!!  This place is AWESOME!!   A large bowl of ramen here will fill you up, and the ingredients are delicious!!  As many other reviews point out, the pork is so tender and downright succulent.  Yes....I said SUCCULENT!!   Want a soft boiled egg in that ramen??  F YEAH you do!!!   Want an extra kick to spice the broth up a bit??  Karai style all the way baby!!!

My eyes have been opened, and I now weep as I stare at the crappy little ramen packs in my cupboard....
A friend and I finally got a chance to try Nom Nom (the name kills me!), and it made me lament for the five dollar bowls of ramen from Larme Dosanko back in NYC "back in the day".

Wow for ramen this is pricey stuff.  $8.00 for the regular bowl (I got Shoyu, friend got Kari).  We both got the poached egg (I was "meh" about it - will skip it next time) and extra noodles (WOW!  Should not have done it - but got to take some home.)
The extra noodles are $1.85 ish and worth it.

We also shared an order of pork buns which rival those at Chifa.  VERY good!  Wish they'd do a non-pork bun (Tofu??).

Oh - and they NOW OFFER TAKE OUT.

PLEASE start taking credit cards!!!

PLEASE!!!!
I currently live in NYC and commute to Philly for work and this place is surprising really good. I had the Spicy Miso Ramen and I would say it's better than Totto Ramen's (which always has a 2 hour wait for seats). The broth is "meatier" and flavorful. The pork slices are really thick and the ramen noodles tastes really fresh. If you like runny yolk, I'd recommend getting the egg for extra.

The only reason why my review is 4 stars and not 5 is because it's cash only and the atmosphere is a bit "high school cafe" - like.
Being cash only is the only thing keeping Nom Nom from a five-star rating.  I've visited on several occasions, trying different variations on the house special ramen.  The meat is tender and delicious, the different broths full of flavor, and portions generous.  Their house special includes a few extras, like the hard boiled egg and a fishcake, which add to the experience.  I recommend getting a large special and enjoy every drop.
I have been craving ramen for weeks and wanted to try a new place.  Since I was around the area I figured I'd try out  Nom Nom.  

We ordered the shisito peppers and I tried the Special Toro ramen which was pork belly.  The peppers were pretty good, and I liked the citrus salt they came with.  They were too pricey for what you got though.  As I was eating my ramen, I was trying to find the pork belly and fish cake that was supposed to be in it. Little did I know that it wasn't in there at all.  I saw other people receive a separate plate with pork belly after u was done.  I pretty much received vegetarian ramen without the vegetables but paid $4 extra for it!  Are you kidding me?  Also, on the menu the ramen was supposed to come with a soft boiled egg.  Uh,  I received a more than hardboiled egg.  Softboiled eggs take around 5 minutes from start to finish so obviously I received a twice cooked egg.  What a bummer.
I hate to knock this joint. I mean  since it's supposedly the 1st authentic Hakata Style Tonkotsu Ramen in Philadelphia. However, this pales in comparison to ramen joints in NYC. 

Sorry Philly, but New York does it better. 

The place is okay. They have a good handful of tables. What's weird is that you just sit wherever and you go up to the counter to order. Where is the service? I guess no tips for you guys.

So you order from the counter, but the menu is to the side on a whiteboard written in marker (Ghettooooo)

I ordered myself a Nom Nom Pork Buns, which comes with Chashu pork, daikon, carrots, lettuce, and scallions with our original spicy bun sauce. as an app.

For an entree, i ordered the Shio ramen seasoned with salt and white soy sauce) tonkotsu broth. Comes with chashu, kikurage mushrooms, naruto, bamboo, scallions, and pickled ginger.

First the pork buns. The buns were pillowy, but a bit too soft. They absorbed too much moisture, and they didn't have much flavor to it. They also weren't piping hot. I like mine warmer. The pork itself was awesome. it was fatty and flavorful. the spicy sauce didn't taste too spicy, so i added some extra hot sauce. The veggies were crisp and offered a nice texture to contrast the softness of the bun and pork.

The ramen was left to be desired. It looked okay, but the noodles were weak. They reminded me of egg noodles used in cantonese style noodle soups. The bite to the noodles were just ehhh; it reminded me too much of the cantonese noodle soups. The pork in the ramen was tough and not as moist as other places i've tried in NYC. If only they used similar pieces that they used in the pork buns. The broth was flavorful though, and the bamboo shoots and pickled ginger added texture and flavor to the dish. I just wish they added an egg too free of charge.

Overall, i appreciate the attempt of a good bowl of japanese ramen. It' was cheap, but they do have their work cut out for them if they want to compete to the likes of ramen joints in NYC. I did appreciate that  they were playing Big Bang (Korean group)  Japanese tracks.
Stopped by for ramen Togo - the order was ready in less than two minutes. This was the most flavorless ramen - the chicken on top was luke warm at best. Disappointing experience. Added a star for the friendly front of house staff.
I finally got to try this place! It was better than i expected! The food took a bit to come out but it was worth the wait. I had the karai and it was very flavorful. The fatty pork was cooked just right. I wish there were more seats available. People were stalking people for tables... umm felt like i was in Flushings Chinatown Mall. Overall it was good.
FYI spoke to the cashier and they are putting more tables in. Yay!
For Philadelphia, this is pretty good ramen, though my only other points of reference are the $0.20 packs of ramen and one place in NYC.  The flavors were good, the prices were right ($9/bowl), and the extras were extra delicious.  

I ordered the Karai (spicy) ramen, and it didn't disappoint in terms of spice.  The pork belly was smoky and delicious.  My only request is that they add a vegetable or two more to the broth-- it was just scallion and bamboo shoots.  Also, it was pretty salty.

My girlfriend ordered the basic (salt) broth.  It was smooth and creamy with not that salty of a flavor. She also ordered an egg with it.  It was pretty amazing.  Great balance of texture and flavor to go with the ramen.  

Bottom line: If you want some ramen on a cool(er) day, then try some Nom Nom.  Get an egg, some extra pork belly for a couple bucks more, and you'll be full the rest of the day.
I love a simple menu. This place has 5 items on the menu; the pork buns and 4 types of Ramen(shio, shoyu, miso, karai miso) and there are add-ons, like an egg, or extra meat, etc so that you can customize type bowl. 
   I had the Karai with extra pork. It was spicy and provided the right amount of heat!  I enjoyed this large portion of ramen. Out of curiousity I tried the melon creamy soda, and I did not enjoy it's artificial taste. 
   The free charging station for my was a plus being that my phone had died. It was a good meal in the summer, so I can only imagine how great this place would be for a meal during the cold winter months!
A giant bowl of Pork Belly Shio Tonkotsu Ramen after freezing my cojones off on a 2 block walk.  

Great Ramen is so scintillating and so hard to find.  The creamyness of the broth, the slurping of the noodles, the soft boiled egg with the lovely yolk and the totally different texture of the crunchy bamboo shoots finished with the gorgeous spice of Sriracha.  Its an extravaganza of flavors.  Im in bliss.
I don't understand how this place has such a low rating! Correct me if I am wrong.
Per say, I am not a foodie, or a connoisseur, but this place is great.
It is located in the heart of Philadelphia. A few walks down the road offers a nice breeze around the city in the park of Philadelphia on 15th and walnut, with great opportunities of sightseeing and digesting your food.
It has changed very much since I came here last time which was back in 2012. It used to be self-service from ordering food and getting water. However, now it is served with waiters.
Now, this comes with an advantage and disadvantage.
Advantage is that with waiters serving you menus and food, it creates a comfortable and almost high-end like atmosphere (Precisely the reason why they have renovated the design of the restaurant with chandelier, and other fancy lighting).
Disadvantage is that you would pay more money for tip and the food. However, I did not find the pricing to be overly expensive; a friend of mine and I got an edamame, Miso-ramen noodle, and curry rice for the price of $35 which was not too bad.
Now, the tables and chairs are contemporary and sleek, and is a lot more spacey then it was before. The place definitely gives you a feeling that you are dining out.
The other nice part of the restaurant is that the kitchen is in an open-end style; This allows the customers to actually see what sort of material they are using, and how the process of cooking occurs. While it is unlikely that anyone would stand in front of the cashier to watch the whole process from happening, I think it speaks somewhat of their vision and philosophy in running the business; honesty.
I am a little bit biased as I am a huge fan of ramen noodles in general from korean ones (shinramen, neogurri, and jjapagetti just to name a few) as well as japanese ramen noodles.
A really good place for college students to visit on night outs, for couples on dates, or any corporate workers who are just hungrayy for food. Highly recommended!
Worst ramen ever. I didn't know what I was tasting. Compared to all the other ramen places in Philly this is probably the worst. The price was too high. The broth is really oily and the noodles were overcooked. A ramen that cost nearly $20 isn't worth it all. It also had no flavors! Really a disappointment
Best place in the neighborhood for ramen. Always excellent!  Service is also top notch. Definitely try the chef's special. Also, try the bun!!!!!,
Nom Nom really doesn't hold a candle to any of the ramen restaurants in NY (Ippudo, Totto); but for Philly, this place is decent.

Walk up to the counter to order since there's no waiter service; the menu will be on a white board to your left, by the beverage machine. 

A few complaints
-broth is way too salty
-overpriced ($8 for a small bowl and they do not even fill it all the way)
-not enough substance, only 2 pork belly and one kamaboko slice

Egg is an extra $1 and I'm on the fence about it. It's a soft boiled egg that's marinated so the resulting color is brown. Doesn't really add to the taste of the ramen so I won't be getting it next time. 

I can't say that I'll be a repeat customer but if I'm ever craving ramen, Nom Nom is pretty reliable. 

Also, CASH ONLY.
We decided to try our favorite Ramen spot while visiting Philly. It pains me to update my 5 star review from 9 months ago but we were SO disappointed this time around. I'm not sure if it's been taken over by a new owner, new management, or maybe it was turned over to the owners kids or something but it was definitely a different experience than usual. 

We sat down in a comfy booth and ordered our usual, Tonkotsu Ramen, one order of nom nom buns, and one order of pork buns. 

Usually service is quick and by the time u order and get urself situated ur buns are on the table. This time it took about 20 minutes with the waitress apologizing 3 times during that wait. Finally the buns came. What was once perfectly steamed buns filled with the most exciting flavors were now soggy, lacking any flavor whatsoever. The pork was WAY over cooked, none of the sauces had the usual fireworks of flavor. What was once a highlighting beginning to our favorite meal was just soggy and bland. I didn't even finish my buns. 

Hoping that the Ramen would be better we wait. While we are waiting let me explain why Tonkotsu is our favorite. Tonkotsu broth is a special, pork-bone broth, it takes extreme effort and patience to make it since it takes all day or even overnight to be ready. The result is a full bodied, very flavorful broth, and in my foodie opinion is the ultimate broth for Ramen.  Ramens here!...not steaming hot as before, not so flavorful that the smell hits u as it sits on the table, usually it's an aroma that u can't wait to taste. We took a taste and it was not what Tonkotsu is supposed to be. I've had more flavorful chicken broth. It was lukewarm and bland. We had ordered a large however there was hardly any pork and what was there was chewy, stringy, and extremely over cooked. It was just soup, and not good soup. I even heard another table ask for some "hot broth" so I assume ours wasn't the only lukewarm bowl in the room. 

I hate to write a negative review, especially about places that made Philly home for us but I just couldn't let go of the disappointment we felt in our meal at Nom Nom Ramen. The atmosphere was comfortable and the wait staff was so nice but I was there for the feeling that Ramen gives, for the comfort of a warm bowl of ramen on a cold day. It just didn't deliver this time. I hope whatever changed it gets improved upon. Next time I have a couple other Ramen places in mind to try.
The spicey karai toro is my favorite. If you aren't sure what to order talk to your waitress or waiter they are very helpful in teaching you what is exactly is in the ramen and what the taste will be.
This was fabulous! Both ramen were full of flavor and had huge portions. The pork buns were delicious too. All of the flavor could not be beat.  We enjoyed every bite.
The pork bone broth is the best. The pork belly is very, very tender and flavorful. I feel like the toppings (including kikurage mushrooms) give great balance to the salty broth. The noodles have the right amount of texture too. The service is also extremely fast. The prices are around $11 per bowl before tax and tip. Maybe it could be a little bit cheaper?
So I've gotta say... the battle is on! Nom nom vs Terakawa! I love my ramen... I love it for the simple fact it brings absolute joy and comfort down to the bone... especially in cold weather. Came here recently  and I was well surprised about how awesome this was! Let's get started~

Service: fast, efficient, attentive, super helpful and suggestive with their options, don't know what you like? They provide really great options to fit your palate. Substitutions were def an option to some degree, I thoroughly enjoy a whole egg in my ramen, as well  as extra char sui, and it's BYOB and decently priced! 

Decor: very well influenced and comforting, not too much where you feel an uncomfortable culture shock but definitely pays homage to tradition. Definitely family friendly! 

Fooooood: most important thing about ramen.. is the broth, it definitely plays it's role in consistency, flavor, aromatics... basically it's what I want to enjoy after eating everything in the soup! So yes flavor is without a doubt very delicious, I usually don't finish the whole large bowls lol but this time I did and it was delicious!
I really enjoyed the ramen here.  The portions are generous and the broth is great - flavorful and not too salty.  I also really the complimentary lemon flavored water.  I would get the large... I got the small and kind of wish I had gotten the large!  As much as I want to give it 5 stars, that's (unfairly) reserved to this ramen place I had in the Japanese International airport. Nonetheless, it is one of the best ones I have had in Philly!
I went there yesterday and ordered the spicy miso. It was good and the pork meat was also testy. It was worth a try!
The donkatsu ramen with kurai soup base(spicy miso) was pretty good...a nice little ramen house and the only one in center city that I'm aware of(there's a ramen bar in upenn area, haven't gone to that one yet)...service was fast but I went there at night so I'm not sure how it is when it's actually busy...we received our ramen within 5min of ordering and the menu is pretty much with meat(donkatsu)or without, short and to the point. The price is affordable considering its a big bowl of deliciousness! I recommend getting the large bowl if you're really hungry, it will definitely fill you up...price difference between reg. and large is a few bucks(large bowel was about $10)...the atmosphere was relaxed and they played j-pop type music in the background but it wasn't a distraction from having a conversation. Great spot to go with a small group of friends and if you have a craving for good ramen. Also it's cash only here so don't forget to hit the ATM.
I almost gave this place 4 stars, but realized that is only because there is not much ramen competition in Philadelphia and it's not fair to give a higher rating only because there are no (or not many) better options to compare to.

Nom Nom is pretty average. I ordered the Karai (spicy miso) Ramen with an egg. One thing really annoyed me about this place. The egg was not marinated. What respectable ramen joint even considers serving an ordinary boiled egg? Even more infuriating is that my friend ordered one of their other (non spicy ramen) with an egg and hers was clearly marinated. Unacceptable. However, their ramen was very pretty when served and came with all the requisite ramen toppings. Service was very friendly.

Their pricing is okay. But if you start ordering any extras, it will add up. And bring cash, as it's cash only. If you are a ramen lover living in Philadelphia, I would recommend checking this place out if you are in the area.
I was really happy when Nom Nom replaced BB-Go. It's about time that Center City got a noodle place. Nom Nom is conveniently located around the corner from my office, so I have been here quite a few times. I am by no means a ramen afficianado, but I really do enjoy the Shio with extra pork belly (you always need the extra pork belly). They have also started offering a cold noodle dish which has been great in the warmer months. The place is super popular and if you go between 12 and 1, expect to wait for your food and for a seat. They started doing take out about a month ago, but you still need to wait a while for your food during that rush period. A lot of places have come and gone from that corner. I hope Nom Nom sticks around for a while.
good noodles for center city. new menu since renovation so gota try everything again. solid broth goes well with house noodles cooked not too al dente. pork belly one of the best things in this city.
Try the vegetarian Karai ramen! One of the best I've tried. They give you a good amount of soup, veggies, and even a Japanese boiled egg. They have friendly fast service- but watch out for long lines during weekday lunchtime. 
Only downside that i always forget- cash only :(
I have been craving real Japanese ramen ever since I left Japan, and I finally found it! The pork buns are less traditional (more like bun-tacos) but still very delicious. Excellent all around, just make sure you bring cash.
Very small menu, but very good ramen.  Had vegetarian karai (spicy) with bok choy - very good, clear broth base with just the right amount of hot pepper.  Next time will add some extra tofu to give it more protein.  The regular size ramen bowl is a TON of food.  Cash only, FYI.
Outstanding place. Good service. I had the pork belly miso ramen w/ a soft egg thrown in. You can get lightly salted broth if you prefer as well as hard, regular or soft noodles - great for dialing in exactly what you want in your bowl.
I've tried several ramen places in the city and NomNom is definitely my favorite. I always get the karai tonkotsu, which is the spicy pork broth. It's the perfect amount of spice for me, not super spicey that I can't eat it, but towards the end My mouth starts to burn a little bit. The pork belly is always super tender and delicious, and the noodles are perfectly cooked. 

I will say that they should have one more person working, though. It gets pretty busy over lunch when I go there, and there's usually only one or two servers. It hasn't ever been a problem for me though.
I've had my fair share of ippudos and tottos in nyc and nom nom comparatively seemed like a low-key ramen shop down the street I always passed by. But I was craving something "soupy" since it's been raining all week and decided to stop by. Yelpers beware: I'm serious about my hot sauce game and my standard for spiciness surpasses reason (and the effectiveness of pepto). So without hesitation, I ordered the vegetarian karai ramen (spicy miso), not forgetting to ask to make it extra spicy. Good portion- I got the regular instead of a large and left beyond full- good condiment choices, reasonable price ($10 for reg), quick service, clean, and very friendly staff. Will definitely frequent!

Important: CASH ONLY!!
Barely a step up from cup ramen. Bland soup, veggie option topped with salad greens which wilt and are not meant to be hot, included bell pepper, the go to "idk, vegetarians don't get any other flavors from veggies". Ultimately the most disappointing bowl of ramen.
I ate ramen in Mt Fuji, Japan back in 1983. I don't remember that much, but I remember the bowls of ramen at Nom Nom Ramen. The rich pork broth coats the firm ramen noodles as you slurp them. So the goal of slurping is for the broth that is between the noodle strands gets into your mouth with the noodles. And because their broth is thick that does happen. 

I enjoy all their toppings except for the little salty olive-looking thing. I eat it but I don't know what it is. I enjoy their earthy bamboo shoots.
I came back again last week for lunch , and this time I had the spicy ramen. Why didn't i try this earlier ? It was really good ! The broth is definitely spicy and very rich in flavoring. From now on, i will be a regular and definitely order the spicy ramen each time i come here. 

I really think this place is the best ramen in Philly and every person I bring in here agrees with me. I have tried many of the recommended places  around the city and its either the noodle or the broth that just doesn't do it. So far I haven't had  a bad experience from this place yet and hope they keep with it!
This is my favorite ramen restaurant, period. They put legit effort into the broth, which is key. I don't live in Philly, but visit often. I always make room for Nom Nom Ramen in my schedule.
I've been on a bit of a ramen kick lately and tried Nom Nom based on a friend's recommendation.  I had the miso and my companion had the Shio, both with a soft egg. The portions were huge and definitely worth the price, but the broth in both in the miso was too bland, and the shio, while heartier, was far too salty. I also wasn't impressed with the quality of noodle they used.

I probably won't go back unless I happen to experience an overwhelming craving for the pork buns, which were as fantastic as everyone says they are. 

I've definitely had better. If you're interested in a more flavorful ramen experience, I would check out Hiro on 12th and Chestnut.
So, I'm not a big ramen person so take this review with a grain of salt. Boyfriend enjoyed this place because he's a ramen lover. 

Appetizer: pork buns - cute mini buns. Actually pretty good and these are my favorite fluffy buns. Pork was tender and they had some interesting sauce drizzled in the bun. Good mini appetizer. 

Entree: ordered Karai which is a spicy ramen flavor with soft boiled egg and pork belly. The meat was cooked perfectly, love soft boiled egg, the broth wasn't really that spicy so it's edible. My only thing with ramen house - I'm not a big fan of their thick broth. Maybe it's just me? But bf thought this place was great! 

And lastly, the customer service is SUPER NICE and patient. Was our first time there and they explained their different flavors to us to choose from.
After traveling to Tokyo and eating ramen every day for 10 days at 10 different spots, I know my ramen.
Nom Nom Ramen definitely met and exceeded expectations. The chef special ramen had a rich, thick broth, the toppings were on point, the pork was so soft it was like butter, and the noddles were great. Also, it's pretty reasonably priced. All in all a good find in Philly.
I would give it 3.5 stars.  5 stars represents "as good as it gets" and the people who rate it 5 stars have clearly not had 5 star ramen.  The place is decent and I am happy to drop in every couple weeks and get some ramen, but there are shortcomings.  The broth is still not nearly as rich as it should be and the toppings need improvements.  I would prefer the egg to be sliced in half and marinated.  Pork was light years better than Ramen Boy.  Noodles were pretty good.
Ah Ramen, my staple diet of my college years.  This place is not your College Ramen, but that being said I found it on the whole to be an average Ramen noodle place - 4 types of broth offerings, extra meat or egg costs you extra and your options are to go Regular ($6.50) or with a Large bowl ($9.00). A regular will feed you just fine, unless you're starving.  As you know, no take away, you can only eat on site - and oh, cash only for now, folks.

Overall:

Broths - solid, tasty but nothing that will knock your socks off. 

Ingredients - egg cooked on point (not completely hard boiled, just perfect), fish cake and bamboo shoot are acceptable, but the pork belly was overly chewy and disappointingly stringy.  Wish there was more of  ingredients overall.  A little more variety, please!  

Final word: nothing extraordinary. not particularly memorable.
A friend of mine introduced me to this establishment the last time we hung out downtown, and I just had to return.  This is a small and cozy establishment which offers plenty of food for a reasonable price (for Center City Philadelphia).

The food is, of course, delicious!  If you want to impress your friends with your chopstick skills, there's ample opportunity to do so; if you eat in, you get nice plastic chopsticks with a huge spoon, but to go, you receive the typical disposable wooden chopsticks (as well as regular utensils if you need them).

If you get food to go, be prepared to take out a sizeable bag o' stuff, especially if you go for the special that they have up front (argh, I forgot the name, but I had the Miso flavor).  The staff is willing to explain what each option is.  There don't appear to be any paper menus, but everything is posted on the dry erase boards to the left of the counter.

So if you have a hankering for true ramen food that's not the cheap dorm room staple that most people are familiar with, I recommend stopping by this restaurant.

Honestly, the main thing that makes me give this restaurant 4 starts instead of 5 stars is the fact that they ONLY accept CASH, which can be quite the bummer if you don't typically carry a lot of cash around.
I don't ever write Yelp reviews, but after my last visit here I had to. I love the one in university city, but this place just can't get it right. The first time I went here I ordered the vegetarian spicy miso ramen. I did take out and when I got home I realized they gave me the pork version. I figured one time mistake so I'd try them again. I just ordered the same thing as before, made it very clear its vegetarian. I did take out again and as soon as I pulled it out to eat, it's again pork. I don't normally care about getting the wrong thing, but I'm vegetarian so I can't eat it at all. Please do something to correct this. You're going to lose customers if you keep doing this. Please confirm with your customers if it's the vegetarian or meat version. I personally won't be coming back.
This is my favorite place in center City. Can't have enough of this aka nom nom ramen. The service is good and efficient and the location is great.
