If I could give half stars, Nom Wah Tea Parlor would be a solid three and half, but since I can't, I had to round down. The dim sum selection is decent and the food is good - not the best dim sum I've had in the city, but good enough to go again. Sadly, the service and pricing is what made me round down.

During my most recent visit, my boyfriend and I chose to get the pan-fried shrimp and chive dumplings and pan-fried beef dumplings. Our waitress was very sweet, and picked up our orders quickly (note: you check off the items you would like on an order form left at your table). Where they lacked was the time it took for them to bring us our food. We definitely did not expect to wait twenty five minutes for just two orders of dumplings.

The taste did however make us forget how long we had waited for it. Both orders were good, although I took more of a liking to the shrimp and chive dumplings. Pretty sure I had ordered them the last time I dined here! 

When it comes to pricing, I do feel like Nom Wah Tea Parlor is a wee bit more than it should be for the food that you get. Portions are smaller than at other dim sum restaurants I've been to in Philly. I would say their food is worth the extra bucks, but sadly, I've had better at other places and paid less.

Despite the negatives, I do see myself going here again. Like I said above, it is good enough to go again when in the area. If you're in the neighborhood and craving dim sum, definitely no harm in checking it out.
Went here for brunch after a good morning run. Got there right at open and was seated promptly. The menu is extensive with dim sum and tea. The service was great and we ended up getting the perfect amount of dim sum. They had the sheets of paper to write down the dim sum items. Walah, the items came out promptly. We also ordered Boo lay tea to go well with our dim sum (very smooth and refreshing).  The spicy wontons were superb with a kick and nice heat, but I think my favorite and most unique dish we had was the lotus wrap with sticky rice, pork, sausage and shrimp. The lotus leaf created a beautiful and unique flavor to the smooth tasting rice. Overall, this place has some serious dim sum for a good price. Plus they have a full bar! Woot, see you soon Nom Wah!
Finally, the historic New York based Dim sum has opened! With all the buzzing surrounding its opening, I was intrigued, like many, to go and give it a try. 

As soon as I sat down, I was given a pot of tea, and note pad menu. The restaurant was offering a limited menu for the soft opening. I don't eat pork, and my choices were even more limited. I ended up checking off three numbers on the menu card: Shrimp sui mai, vegetarian Rice Roll, and Scallion pancakes. My three small plates were all good, but I've had better.

They were wrapping up the last minute interior details while I was walking in around 4ish pm!!!!! during there soft opining!  I will have to go back and give it a second chance, for a better dining experience up to their expected standards. 

Three and half yelps
Nom Wah Tea Parlor in New York's Chinatown is always recognized as the East Coast's first Dim Sum eatery.  Heck it started in 1920, almost a full century ago.  Well luckily for Philadelphia and its visitors there's a branch of it right here in the City of Brotherly Love.  While it is not in the heart of Chinatown, this is still my go-to Dim Sum place.  I really like it for so many reasons.  Yes the carts going around many a dim sum restaurant are colorful and cool, but I prefer self-ordering my dim sum off a checklist menu which I can do here.  Hey and then the dim sum come out of the kitchen hot and fresh and just for me! That is how it is done at Nom Wah.

Now for the food there is so much to choose from.  But because this is also a tea parlor, you need to first choose a tea and Nom Wah has one of the best tea selections in Chinatown.  Okay everyone knows that Bo-lay tea is the most popular tea with Dim Sum so that's a perfect tea to opt for.  You get a full pitcher of it - and for only $1!  On this visit I ordered the pan-fried  Chive and Shrimp Dumplings - awesome.  The Tofu Skin Roll I chose was also really, really tasty.  And their Fried Crab Claw might be the best in Chinatown.  That my friends is def enough for a meal .... and a delicious one at that!!

So if you are seeking a good dim sum experience in Philly or New York head over to Nom Wah. In Phillytown it is a little bit away from all the Chinatown traffic but well-worth seeking out. And don't forget to try out a new tea!
Our party of 8 all agreed on a solid 4 stars. My absolute favorite way to dine is small plates, whether it be dim sum or tapas. It's just such a great way to share and be able to taste a wide variety of food. This style of dining, I believe, is especially fun with a larger party like we had! 

We didn't have reservations on a Friday night around 7:30pm. We street parked without issue and were seated quickly in the restaurant just the same. The place is on the smaller side but pushing together tables to accommodate our party wasn't an problem at all. Exposed brick, a welcoming bar and fun dim sum wall paper in the restroom! Take a peek! 

Our waiter Jay brought waters and took drink orders immediately. He was very friendly, knowledgable, attentive and on point the entire time. He was really great!! We looked over the extensive menu with veg and gluten free items clearly marked. We filled out 1 order card for our entire table and the dishes came out sporadically which was great because it wasn't too much at once and by the time we were finished one set of plates, another piping hot one was on its way! 

Here's what we ordered and what our table said: 

Tofu scallion-4 very tasty could be a tad crispier 

Soup 2.5 was just ok. The wontons themselves were very good 3.5 

Fried noodles with scallions and onions-4 Delish!! Pricier 

Shrimp shumai-5 A favorite!!!! 

Shrimp & snow peas-4 

Steamed pork ribs- different that what you're used to. only one person at the table liked them and he liked them a lot. 

Scallion pancakes- 3 not as thick as we're use to 

Taro dumplings -3.5 "has the flavor of  what Beijing smells like" says two people who lived in Asia. Needed a little dip in sauce. Unique. 

Stuffed eggplant- 5!!! 

Pork buns-4 sauce was a little sweet 

Pork shumai-4

Shrimp shumai, pan seared noodles with scallions ans onions and the shrimp paste, bean curd stuffed eggplant were highlights and what we would recommend the most. 

Worth a stop! Some liked it better than the other real popular dim sum place nearby. Won't mention names. I'm glad we came! It's been bookmarked for awhile. Overall, a great dinner with our entire crew! 

Be sure to leave room for tea, red bean buns or almond cookies for dessert. We ate too much and didn't. Whomp whomp.

BYO.
My family is hard to please, but we like Asian food. A lot. It took me a few years to get them to try a place in Chinatown that wasn't Penang, and now they happily have accepted Dim Sum Garden into their hearts. I convinced them to check this place out and it was more "Wah" than "Nom" for us. 

We had some good Jasmine Tea and really liked the pea shoot shu mai. The short ribs and bbq pork bun were also good. The soup dumplings were not as good as DSG (Nom Wah's are more meat,  more dough, but less soup and smaller). The fried rice with Chinese sausage had an overpowering dried shrimp flavor that we did not love. 

Ordering was easy with the paper you check off, and food came out fast. This is a good dim sum place and is much nicer than Ocean Harbor, Imperial Inn, Joy Tsin Lau as far as atmosphere (if you're looking for nice sit down place and not the hustle and bustle of dim sum carts, crowded tables and large groups). The bathroom wallpaper might be one of the coolest things about this place. 

Overall, glad I checked it out but I'm not dying to go back, although the full bar and happy hour specials are intriguing. Sorry Nom Wah, DSG still has my family's heart.

Pro tip: 15% off if you check in on yelp.
Came here on a Saturday for dim sum. I called ahead and they took reservations. However when I got there they seated us and didn't ask for our reservations because they weren't busy. (We went at 11am right at opening).

I'm on my journey to find the best dim sum in Philly. This is my first stop and I was not impressed. They have a good variety of choices to pick from. We got soup dumplings, turnip cake, fried curry dumplings, shrimp rice noodle rolls, steamed ribs with black beans, Shrimp Shao Mai, bean curd, lotus leaf rice, and chicken feet. 

All the dishes were decent, but none of them stood out to me except the bean curd stuffed with meat. Their soup dumplings is compatible with the Trader Joe's frozen soup dumplings. 

I haven't tried other dim sum places in Philly other than this yet but I can already guess this won't be my favorite.
Pretty cozy place for a small group gathering. Food was good. Environment was good. Minus one star because the service could improve a bit. Several server had bluetooth on and it was hard to flag them down in a small place. At one point there was actually no server visible for 4 whole minutes. Either they were all busy were there was a party in the back.
Most of my dim sum years were spent in New York City and Boston. As much as I love Philadelphia's Chinatown, the dim sum never quite rose to my memories in other cities. I'm very happy to report that with the arrival of Nom Wah, I finally have a satisfying go-to in Philadelphia.

If you're looking for soup dumplings, you can't beat Dim Sum Garden. If you're looking for new and unique twists on traditional Dim Sum, go south to Bing Bing. If you're looking for your favorite traditional dishes done perfectly with some of the freshest tasting ingredients and most careful preparation, this should be your next stop.
This location is a sister property to the New York City location.  They soft-opened on March 4th, 2015.  They serve exclusively Dim Sum, aka "Chinese Tapas," and while this is not a rarity in Philadelphia, it's the first restaurant that serves Dim Sum as their exclusive menu options.  As their name suggests, they also have a tea selection which I did not yet sample.  

The menu has 49 options ranging from a few dollars to $12.  Options are appetizer or side-dish sized, and they don't have any full-sized entree selections at this time.  The space is newly renovated, having been a hardware store in the past.  It's nothing special, and is a comfortable space with both tables and booths.  They have a long bar as well, but it's not clear if that will be for food or liquor in the future.  

I tried the shrimp dumplings, shrimp sui mei, pork sui mei, steamed spare ribs, and shrimp dumpling wrapped in bacon (fried).  Everything was very good; the shrimp wrapped in bacon was a standout.  

It seems like a promising version of the New York location, and I'm hoping to go back once the dining room is open and the full menu is available.  They currently offer delivery via Caviar ($5 charge) and do not yet have a credit card machine, but they are in the process of getting this installed.
In the mood to try something new and venture away from Joy Tsin Lau and Dim Sum Garden, my friend and I came here on Saturday afternoon. It's a little off the beaten path of Chinatown on 13th Street, and it was not crowded when we arrived during prime dim sum hours. When you first walk in, the decor stands out from most Chinese restaurants. There is soft lighting, dark hardwood floors, and a classy stocked bar on display. The vibe continues with soft music and great, friendly service. 

We hadn't eaten since an early breakfast, so the two of us ordered a full, big meal. It started with fried turnip cakes, which were delicious. They were full of turnip flavor that was not overcome with grease. Dipped in hoisin sauce, it was a great sweet-savory way to start our meal. When our scallion pancake came out, we were also pleasantly surprised that it was not too greasy, which allowed for a bit of the crisp to remain. One of the better ones that I've had a restaurant. 

The food seems to take a little while to come out, but when it does, it tastes made to order. Unlike typical dim sum places that make large batches in the morning and push them around in the carts all day. Our shrimp rice roll had large shrimp, though only two. The sauce is good and very light... not as heavy/sodium-ridden as soy sauce. 

Steamed spare ribs were a big surprise to us. They were served in a light garlic-lemongrass sauce that we were not expecting. Not to say that they weren't good because they were aromatic, tender and full of meat. The soup dumpling meat was bit flavorful though the broth was not the best. They tasted straight from the freezer and not fresh. 

One of my favorite dim sum dishes is sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaves. Yet again, the one here is lighter and not as heavy on the soy sauce. Though it's also not heavy on the filling, perhaps because the overall size of it is smaller? Most of it is just the sticky rice. We coudln't finish the second one, so my friend took it to-go and said it made a tasty leftovers the next day though. Lastly, we received our seasonal greens in XO sauce. We got these to have a good dose of veggies, but next time we would order them without the sauce, as they ruin the freshness of the greens. 

Overall, we were pleased with Nom Wah, especially because it was a nice relaxing atmosphere. The quality was a bit higher than a lot of dim sum restaurants, though there were some hits and misses.
The food itself was pretty good.  My favorite were the shrimp dumplings, which would be my recommendation for a must-order.  They were very flavorful, the wrappers were thin with good texture, and they were beautifully wrapped.  Definitely get these!

Our servers were nice, but timing felt off to us.  At first we liked the spaced-out nature of the dishes arriving to the table because we didn't feel rushed.  But things were showing up in an order that made no sense, and there was a big delay between some of the dishes. When we ordered the Salt and Pepper Chicken (which was a good dish - nice and crispy), the server notified us that it did not include rice - we would have to order that as a side dish.  Totally fine, we told her she could add it on.  But when the chicken came out, the rice was no where to be seen.  It did come out later, but we were almost done with the chicken by that point.  I actually would not recommend that you need rice with this dish anyway, as it is not saucy, but that's not the part that got me.  It was the fact that rice was specifically mentioned as an accompaniment to the dish, and then only brought when the dish was almost gone.

The soup dumplings were also a bit of letdown because they were crowded in the basket, and therefore stuck together.  Even gently prying them apart led to multiple dumplings losing their soup before we got to eat them.  We were never given spoons to go with them either.  They were still manageable with just chopsticks, but we thought this was odd as spoons are typically given to you when eating soup dumplings at other restaurants.

Nom Wah has a full bar, but they allowed us to bring a bottle of wine in which was appreciated.  Even with the wine, my sister ordered the Lychee Martini, which she gave two thumbs up.

Overall we found this to be slightly more expensive than our usual dim sum spots, but we still had a nice dinner.  One additional recommendation I could give to the restaurant is to list the number of dumplings that come with each order on the menu, as it will help larger parties decide how many they should get.
Very fun place to eat! Definitely newer, a little more upscale than some other dim sum restaurants in the area. Very fast and friendly servers. At one point, a well dressed man who I assume is the owner or manager came over to check on us. He asked us how we liked the soup dumplings (which we loved) and he explained that they might not be as tasty (which was untrue), but they were healthier because of how they make them. Very nice that he checked in and talked to us about the food! 

My favorite menu highlights were the spring rolls, pork soup dumplings, and the scallion pancakes. The pan fried noodles were also great. 

My advice would be to pace yourself. We ordered six or seven things (for two of us...) and regretted it as it started to come out because it was so much food. It comes out fast, so order two or three at a time. That's plenty. Enjoy!
Excellent hospitality, sells dim sum all day long which is a huge plus.

However, coming from West Coast, I thought the dim sum wasn't as to die for as others mentioned.

Dim sum were okay, not sure if they used MSG or not but it was not as  flavorful as I had it elsewhere but this was the only dim sum restaurant that I have sampled in Philly so I am not sure where the average falls within the city. However, there are better options out there in NYC/SF/LA area.

Get the steamed dumplings as these are less greasier than others.
Top notch and inexpensive dim sum.

I ordered the shrimp dumplings, the bbq pork bun, and the soup dumplings.

The dumpling wrappers were excellent: both chewy but soft enough to reveal their respective filling.

The shrimp filling was springy, fresh, and super savory.

The soup dumplings had a bit of a dearth of filling, but what was there was porky and heartwarming.

The pork bun had well executed pork bbq: sweet, tender, and a great big soft bun thats easy to rip apart. 

I greatly enjoyed this spot for dinner.
The best part: unlike most dim sum places in Philly they have a selection of teas. By the cup or pot. Good thing, as I can drink 2 pots myself. In lieu of coffee.

I wanted this to be more than it was. The dim sum selection was very standard. Less greasy then many, and fresh. But I guess I was hoping for a new level of variety. 

The soup dumplings (4/order) had a nice flavor and were nicely formed, but the skins were very thick and doughy. And I missed the crab I've become accustomed to. My daughter loved them. She loves dough.

The turnip cake was light and crisp, but lacking in the usual mix-ins of bacon, dried shrimp and mushroom.

Scallion pancake was denser than the eye-opening ones we had in Flushing recently--they were flaky and crisp, not dense.

The fried dumplings were spot on--folded northern style, not potstickers. A nice change. Frying gave them a nice crisp side.

We mistakenly ordered the tofu skin rolls instead of the bean curd skin rolls (the latter come with sauce). They graciously replaced it. The rolls were heavier on the meat than I'm used to. Maybe a good thing if meat=value?

We sat at the counter; service was great.

It is small, maybe a dozen+ tables. The size of a small Philly BYOB.   

Our bill (for 2) was $31--about 50% higher than at most other places. Even so, I wonder how they will be able to sustain such a small place. Must take quite a kitchen staff to pump all that out?

it is a nice addition to Philly's dim sum culture, hope it works out! I'd stop in for tea and snacks. Not sure I'd wait in the weekend dim sum line again though.
My buddy and I decided to venture a few blocks out of Chinatown for dim sum, mainly because the waiting list at our usual spot was 20 deep. Nom Wah's space is undersized and slightly cramped for dim sum. Good thing was there was no wait, we were seated almost immediately. 

First thing I noticed were the lack of carts. Second thing I noticed were the prices on the menu. They start at almost double what your usual Chinatown small dishes would be. I guess I shouldn't be too surprised for a place that originated in NYC. I wouldn't mind the increased prices if the food quality matched, but it didn't. After a long wait, our dishes started to appear at the table, cold. 

The Shrimp Siu Mai and Shrimp Dumplings (ha gao) were pretty standard. The spare ribs and chicken feet were seriously lacking. 

Maybe Nom Wah is still working their kinks out since they just had their grand opening. I probably won't be back until I hear otherwise.
If you are vegetarian, DO NOT go here. I repeat, DO NOT come here. There is nothing good for you to eat, except for maybe the spring rolls and bland fried tofu. 

I came here a couple weeks ago for a friends birthday - we had a group of 16! Fortunately, the place was totally empty on a Saturday evening so we got great service, especially for a group as large as ours. 
Food: If I had to rate it based on just my opinion... this place would be a 0 star. But my friends liked their meals...and apparently this place has the BEST General Tso's chicken they have ever had. Personally, I would never step back here again, but I would recommend it to others for sure. 
Décor was pretty shitty inside the actual restaurant but the bathrooms are pretty cool. I think it was supposed to be a historic NYC theme.

PS - The website says its BYOB - its not! I don't know if they changed it recently or not, but we told the manager that it still says that and he told us it was okay to drink our own stuff. Super nice of him.
Attention Philly: there is finally a really good dim sum place in the house! I have been cured of my dim sum PTSD induced by Philly's other dim sum spots. No more having to drive to NYC or flying back to California to get real dim sum. This is where you go to get the best dim sum in Philly. I didn't grow up eating soup dumplings which is the only offering that Philly has satisfied me with but the true staples are so sub-par at other spots. 

6 star dishes (soo good, MUST try, made me round my review up from 4 stars):
*shrimp rice noodle rolls: SO much better than the other dim sum places in philly, wow! super plump, tastey and fresh sweet tasty shrimp and tender non-brittle not overly thick/sticky 
*salt and pepper fried shrimp (shell is on but eat everything as is..it is so good)
*chicken feet: very fresh, very well-seasoned, cut perfectly, and topped with fresh jalapenos. this is how it should taste philadelphians.. not stale and congealed like  ocean harbor's or that one across from that *shivers* 
*pork and veggies wrapped in bean curd skin: hard to mess this up but wow this was really really good! can't wait to come back to try my favorite fried versions here as well

4 star dishes:
*pan fried noodles: awesome flavor! mixed crunchy and soft texture isn't for everyone but i really loved it and get it every time i come now. HUGE portion!
shrimp siu mai: very very good but i've been spoiled by some mind-blowing tastier siu mai from back home
sticky rice with chinese sausage: good filler to satisfy the carb craving but not a must-get
har gow/shrimp dumplings: rice casing was a bit thick but tasty chunky shrimp)

AVOID:
soup dumplings/XLB: sticky rice casing is too thick, balance of soup flavor was off, and tasted like it sitting around a little while. this has never been a must have at a dim sum restaurant for me growing up and i usually save this dish for exclusive pro-XLB places. this was borderline inedible to me.. just AVOID and order it at DSG/sakura/joe's/DTF instead.

Yes prices are a bit steeper than your average dim sum overall but for the area, this is worth it! I really wish they had beef tripe on the menu. In general, variety is really lacking when it comes to dim sum in the area so I will take what I can get. Everyone might have a different take on what a good dim sum meal is to them but good chicken feet, shrimp rice noodle roll, siu mai, tripe and har gow are my essentials which this place really nails most of. 

Also, the ordering system is well streamlined with a nice non-cart menu order system (don't worry they have decent pics unlike other non-cart dim sum places where I struggle to remember all my fave dim sum names, so I am very thankful!). Their tea selection/quality is amazing and service is fairly decent for being new.
I like Dim Sum and saw some reviews of Nom Wah Tea Parlor and decided to give it a try. Nom Wah is a little off the beaten path and just outside of China Town on 13th Street. It is not highly visible when driving by as there is some construction going on outside.

The inside is contemporary and current. It doesn't look like a Chinese restaurant. There is a bar, brick walls and some really cool light fixtures. It is comfortable. The bathrooms have a cool Dim Sum wallpaper.

We ordered a bunch of different Dim Sum as we had 5 people in our party. We were the only ones there when we arrived which was a big contrast from Dim Sum Garden, which is always packed. Ordering is the traditional Dim Sum method, with a paper menu and the customer checks off the item items they would like. All of the Dim Sum dishes were very good. We really liked the Siu Bau buns. The buns were fresh and the BBQ pork filling was excellent. The soup dumplings were OK,but not near as good as Dim Sum Garden. We ordered a seafood pan-fried noodle dish off the specials menu. This was very tasty with large prawns and scallops. It was little pricey at $22.00. 

We had a couple of Tiger Beers but we didn't try the teas, Nom Wah has an extensive selection of teas as they are a tea parlor. My only complaint was the place was a little unclean. The front windows needed to be washed and the bathroom although not dirty could use a little love. It just would have made the overall experience better but still it was good, and worth a return trip.

3.75 yelp stars and it seems much easier to get a table then Dim Sum Garden, at least for now.

p.s. Went back and tried the teas. They were excellent!
This places covers all of the bases: food, service, and decor.  It's dumplings everywhere, including the tastefully clever wallpaper.  It's lucky that you can't have too much of a good think because we ordered way too much food but didn't regret one single bite.  The soup dumplings were amazing and the shrimp and pork sui mai was delicious.  I could have eaten a whole ordered of the noodles myself.  I also really liked the lychee drink.  Every single person working here was friendly and engaging.  Overall, a great experience and I'm looking forward to next time.
I ordered Nom Wah via delivery for the first time to satisfy a dumpling craving after reading great reviews. Unfortunately, most of the dumplings were just not for me. The BBQ pork bun was tasty but the dough was incredibly thick and heavy, and the filling was just a bit too sweet. I did enjoy the pork soup dumplings, but the others were just not for me. The fillings lacked seasoning and the various textures of the dough was not appealing. Maybe I'll try again in person another time to see if that changes my experience!
Been here twice.. first when they opened a few months ago, and again today. 

As others mentioned, this isn't a push cart dim sum place. It is a HK style, order with a ticket and they'll make each dish individually. I like the concept but it does get use to dining this way. I don't believe any "real" dim sum place serves it this way. It does make it feel LESS dim sum'ish...but i find that refreshing. Sometimes, you just wanna pick out your food and know that it will come instead of anticipate a cart coming to only have hopes dashed because they sold out/haven't replenished. 

The interior is nice, clean, and airy. Also full bar if you're into that. The decor is a mix of traditional pieces with clean lines and modern colors. All thumbs up.

The food tastes much fresher. The ingredients and execution, i felt, were above average. The food wasn't too greasy (the things we ordered) and just tasted better coming right from the steamer. Kept it simple and ordered the traditional items:

har gow - shrimp dumplings - shrimp were plump and juicy
shu mai - 
chicken feet - pretty good today
lotus leaf sticky rice - this was a miss the first time i had it, but the 2nd time, it was pretty good. 
bean curd with shrimp - crispy (not too greasy) and good flavor
ribs - decent
stuffed eggplant - i love eggplant. I kinda wish it had garlic sauce though
soup dumplings - a little miss. the dumpling skins touch, so be careful picking them up. Actually, eat it right away when you get it so the skins don't stick together!! The flavors aren't on Dim Sum garden and Shanghai 1's level.

They had other family style dishes. I never really examined it much, but looked to be typical chinese dishes (not the chinese corner store traditional...).

I feel the prices were higher, but not by much. Also, i feel the quality is deserving of the price. Again, the atmosphere might be different for some since its not loud and crazy inside!

I don't know how they are on the weekends, but weekdays are pretty good. hopefully people come here to give them business. Its on 13th, so its 2 blocks out of ctown, but parking might be easier.
I am a HUGE fan of dim sum, so when my friend suggested we check out Nom Wah I was very excited! We went this past Monday and went right at 11:30 when they opened. It was pretty empty when we arrived but quickly filled up. 

We ordered two pots of tea, jasmine and long jing, and settled in with quite a bit of food. We ordered the original egg roll, the shrimp siu mai, the roast pork bun, pork soup dumplings, and the shrimp fried rice. The food was bland and some of it was hard to eat - for example the soup dumplings were hard to bite into, and the filling would fall out in one lump if you tried to take a bite. 

On top of the mediocre food, while we were finishing our tea, a member of the staff came over and abruptly asked "if we were finished" while simultaneously taking away our dishes, not caring what our response was. They dropped the check on our table and started cleaning off the table for the next guests WHILE WE WERE STILL SITTING THERE! I thought this was incredibly rude.

The combination of the subpar food and lack of basic customer courtesy makes it an easy decision to avoid this place in the future.
let's just start out by saying; I love dim sum lol.

I have been in love with dim sum since I was a small child, and now that I'm an adult I'm searching for awesome dim sum in the city! I have been to Joy Tsin Lau & Dim Sum Garden, but this was my first time at the Nom Wah Tea Parlor. 

Parking: either street or in one of the pay-to-park parking lots. Located outside of Chinatown, it's not as hectic here.

Inside the restaurant: it's small, with a tiny downstairs area where you can be seated as well. We sat downstairs & it wasn't too bad. Not a good place for groups, perhaps 4 or 5 & that's pushing it. It was just my husband & I and it was easier to find just two of us a seat.

DIM SUM: hands down, for simple dumplings & small steamed plates of rolled rice & pork buns, this place rocks!! I love eating just har gow, dumplings, sticky rice with Chinese sausage...all of the things I loved eating as a kid, they had it all. Nothing too crazy really that you would find at Joy Tsin Lau or at the Garden, but classic small dishes can be enjoyed here. The sauce that comes with the dumplings has flavor & some spiciness to it. 
ORDERING: I didn't know how to order lol. They give you a pen & ordering sheet, then you just write down how many of each dish you would like. Food comes out whenever it is ready. :)

What to Order: har gow, any rolled rice dish (beef was bomb asf), fried crab claw, sticky rice with Chinese sausage, Chinese broccoli as a veggie side dish, fried pork dumplings..everything was great!

Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because the downstairs bathroom didn't have any toilet paper, or any sort of paper towels to use. The place would be a little more cleanly, but overall it's a modern restaurant.

Service: our server was super nice & always said "excuse me" before speaking or putting our food on our table. He made sure I didn't run out of tea, & took great care of us! Not one complaint out of me. :)

BIG Question: would I go there again?
Answer: YES. My new favorite spot for quick dim sum! Can't wait to go again & try the other dishes!
*"Sham WOW" voice*
NOM WAH!

I love Nom Wah, and it's proven to be a consistently good spot for dim sum, drinks, and more. I love it for many reasons: It's clean, they're quick, they're friendly, they have a full bar, they have a great menu, it's an awesome value, and THEY TAKE RESERVATIONS! 

Amazing. What more could you want?

My favorites are the soup dumplings, the spicy wontons, and the shrimp rice rolls. You can't beat the price for the amount of food you get here. Dim Sum done right. Grab a $5 beer or one of their incredible looking Green Tea Martinis, and you're sure to have a great night.
My friend and I opted for Nom Wah because we knew that the original New York version is famous. The dim sum here was a bit of a mixed bag. Ranking of favorite dishes:

Steamed pork spare ribs - honestly, you can't mess dim sum spare ribs up. Ranking this the highest because I'm biased and I love meat more than carbs.

Rice roll with fried dough - This one is carbs-overload (my friend loves rice rolls). It's more of a sweet than savory dish, as it comes drizzled with a sweet soy sauce. 

Cilantro and scallion rice roll - More rice rolls. I personally would've preferred the shrimp rice roll, but this one was also good. The rice paper itself was thick and soft. 

Steamed Chinese broccoli - Not even a dim sum dish. We just wanted to pretend to be healthy lol. 

Xiaolongbao - The above dishes were all standard dim sum quality, but I genuinely didn't enjoy eating the xiaolongbao. When it came out, we could already tell that the skin was way too dry, so they were probably standing out way too long. As a result, it was hard to peel the dumplings off the steamer, so a lot of the juice spilled out. Overall, the meat wasn't as flavorful as we would've liked. 

The restaurant wasn't busy during Saturday lunch hour. We came around noon and there were still a few empty tables. The price here is very reasonable, though. Between the two of us, we spent about $35.
Jared J & I ventured down to what he considers the best Dim Sum in the city for lunch on Friday afternoon.  We got a solid sampling of Dim Sum and left very, very full.  I can't say that it is the best in the city, but can say its very good and in the running.

We had the Taro Dumplings, fried Shrimp Bacon Dim Sum, Sticky Rice with Sausage, and each had a beef soup.  I think the shrimp and bacon may have been better if they were steamed instead of fried - the fried offering was just ok.  The Taro dumplings were enjoyable.  The sticky rice was solid.  However, the beef soup was a clear winner.  It had a handful of dim sum in broth with veggies.  The portion was good for the price as well.

Finally, they have teas.  They break out there teas into standard (cheap) and higher quality (more expense).  Jared & I both ordered cheap teas.  We ordered different ones, which I think confused our waiter.  At the end of our meal, I noticed we were charged for one regular and one more expense tea.  I said we ordered to standard teas and he said one was actually more expense and the menu was wrong.  I said that doesn't seem right and he said "well you drank it".  At which point, I had to inform him "well, you need to honor your menu".  He marked it down.  Likewise, I marked down their review.
Not your typical Philly dim sum spot, but they have most of the classics and they are top-notch!

If you want the traditional dim sum experience of carts piled high with stacks of small platters, where the staff scribbles nonsense on a little yellow card, you won't find that here. 

At Nom Wah, you fill out a menu with check boxes next to each item. 

Pros:
- Everything is really warm and clearly just cooked. 
- I think the overall quality is better than the traditional dim sum spots in Chinatown.
- Service is very good.
- Reasonably priced

Cons:
- Maybe this was a one-time thing, but I did not enjoy the soup dumplings. 
- You can't really pace yourself the way you can with carts, the food comes out whenever it's ready. 

Overall, I highly recommended if you're looking for quality dim sum dishes in a less chaotic atmosphere.
Missed out on dim sum? No worries, this place serves dim sum all day! They have all the usual dim sum dishes here. The food is good and the place serves it fast. Unlike other dim sum places, there is not cart pushed around. You have place your each and they make each dish fresh. 

The ambience here is quiet and there's also a bar here as well. 

The food here is a little more pricey than normal dim sum prices.
New York-based Dim Sum house in the Chinatown district.

Although it's easy to miss from the street, Nom Wah's interior is trendy and a comfortable place to relax on a sunny afternoon. Food is ordered by filling out little forms, an efficient system even for big groups, and the extensive menu provides helpful tips for even the most ignorant dim sum neophyte. We ordered a variety of dishes and didn't have to wait long.

The first dish out of the kitchen was their house special pan fried pork dumplings. Thin-skinned, savory, and slightly sweet, they are good but don't stand out among the plethora of potsticker offerings in the neighborhood. I particularly enjoy the dumplings from Simply Shabu. Next, we sampled the shrimp siu mai, which were well-done. Lots of tender shrimp meat wrapped up in an open dumpling wrapper, a definite must-try if you're a fan of shrimp.

Along came a few of the heavier dishes, including deep fried whole shrimp. Battered, fried to a crisp, and sprinkled with salt and pepper, these are just wonderful. As a bonus, you don't even have to peel them -- just eat them whole! The other highlight of the meal was Nom Wah's salt & pepper fried pork short ribs. Tender meaty niblets deep-fried and served up hot. Just don't forget to share, unless you are a glutton for grease-induced stomachaches. Their chicken feet, an old standby for Chinese people and adventurous eaters, are good as well. The skin is tender and falls right off the bones.

Unfortunately, our last dish quite literally left a sour taste in our mouths. Nom wah's xiao long bao are really subpar -- particularly disappointing as this is supposed to be THE quintessential dim sum specialty! Each dish at Nom Wah is supposedly made by hand, but these did not taste fresh at all. Instead, the bao were sour. What's more, the dumpling wrappers are supposed to be thin and pliant, but these were thicker and doughier than your least favorite Congressman.

We ordered tea as well but it never came, so I can't comment on that.

Overall, hit-and-miss. I expected better. I'll stick with Dim Sum Garden in the future.
Endless possibilities when it comes to Dim Sum and it is awesome you can find places that serve them ALL DAY LONG. 

Came here for dinner on a Thursday night. The place is not too big but big enough to accommodate several tables.
The staff was very friendly and always checked on us to make sure everything was okay. 
You get a sheet to order your items and the menu has pictures of every single dish which is awesome (how many times do we do the "I don't know the name but I know what it looks like!") 
We got the soup dumplings, the pork siu mai, the shrimp dumplings, the egg rolls, the sticky rice in lotus leaves and the noodles with superior sauce. 
The dumplings were all delicious. The soup dumplings were shaped differently than the standard xiao long bao but I still thought they were yummy. The sticky rice always has a special place in my heart and it did not disappoint.
Can I also say that boy oh boy those noodles were just perfect. You cannot stop eating them once you start I have now warned you!
The only dish that I didn't like as much were the egg rolls. But that is because I am quite picky with my egg rolls and I don't like when they have veggies in them.. not their fault. My friend on the other hand really loved them.

I have been recommending this place to my friends and I cannot wait to return.
Also big bummer: I forgot to check out the dim sum wall in the bathroom.... I will next time for sure haha
Good was delicious and the service was excellent!  Definitely try the tea, and the pork roll.  The servers were very kind and considerate of a gluten allergy.  Absolutely recommend!
This is one of my favorite spots for dim sum! I've never been to the original location in NYC so I was pretty excited when it opened up in Philly. I've been here countless times and even brought my family when they were visiting from out of town. It's not your typical dim sum place where people come around with carts, you order from a menu by checking off the boxes for the items you want, and then wait for it to come out. 

My favorite things here are the rice roll with fried dough, turnip cake, and shrimp balls. The soup dumplings are fine but not particularly memorable. I love me some roast pork bun, just FYI the one here comes out as a giant bun as opposed to the 3 I'm used to. I tried the spicy wontons here before, they were ok but not inclined to order again. 

I like coming here because it's open for dim sum all day when the cravings kick in, it's never too crowded and hectic, and the ordering process is so much easier then waiting for carts to come around.
If you want the whole hussle and bussle and looking at the food in a cart before ordering, this isn't your spot. This isn't your average dim sum push cart place. You order from a menu and mark down your choices and then hand them to a server. This is what I like about it. You order everything from the beginning and then you get to carry on with your conversation with the party you came with. No need to stop, pick  your food, then remember where you left off in conversation.

Food is always fresh! They don't make tons in advance. Only made when you give them your paper. So, when it comes out to the table - BLOW! :-) That's my final warning. Almost everything is really good too! The only thing I would skip on is the soup dumplings. The skin is too thick and there wasn't enough broth. Besides that, go crazy and order everything else. 

Price - pretty high. If you want quality and don't really care how much is coming out of your pocket, this is definitely a place to go to. The prices are probably an extra dollar per dish, maybe some being a lil bit more.

Service - Amazing! They check up on you, refill your water, and just beyond nice. You don't see much of that in chinatown, so it was a nice change. A bit shocking at first though.

Here's a plus for anyone that uses the Yelp app - you get a discount on your bill if you check in!
I've been here a few times for a quick bite to eat for lunch and I was pleasantly surprised by the dim sum offered by this establishment!

First of all, it was not crowded at all around noon and I was able to be seated right away! In addition, the plates were reasonably priced and the menu was so extensive that I didn't even know which plates to choose! 

The top dishes I would recommend would be the house special roast pork bun, any of the steamed dumplings, and the cilantro and scallion rice roll! My friend and myself were comfortably fed for just $20 worth of food! 

Definitely worth a trip!
quality: 3
service: 2
price: 5

service is slow here, i had to flag down my server multiple times but once i did and put all my orders in, the experience got better. the prices here match the quality which i love! 

the crystal shrimp dumplings and the shrimp fried rice were my favorite dishes here. 

HOUSE SPECIAL BUN: this comes out as just one bun. insides were kind of gross. but the buns itself were steamed well but i would not order this again

SOUP DUMPLINGS: these are smaller than i'm used to and less broth but for me personally, i like that the whole thing can fit in my mouth into nice one bite! i would def get these again

STICKY RICE: this was good definitely ordering this again

GENERAL TSO's CHICKEN: this was subpar and also a small portion to share between 4 people. i'll definitely try another protein dish next tie


overall even though there's no dim sum cart experience but it's BYOB and it's cheap and delicious enough where you can order a bunch of stuff with your friends!
(Let it be known this review is the prelude to a pickup order that's going to be placed immediately after submitting it. )

After a 2.5 month wait, I had the pleasure of having some fantastic food here. I really enjoyed this place and although I need to try it a few more times, it's likely this could supplant DSG as my go-to spot. It's also two blocks closer to mi casa y workplace. We need more food closer to Broad Street that's not of the  Golden Arches and sub-par pizza variety. This is one step closer to achieving this dream. 

Oh yes, the food:
_________________________________
Original Egg Roll: The truth. 

House Pork Buns: Could eat this thrice daily no problem. So good.

Salt & Pepper Shrimp: Tasty. They have eyes. They are watching you. Judging you. 

Shrimp Shumai: The best I've had in the city, maybe ever (no really maybe).

Scallion Pancakes: Very tasty and not super-greasy.

Minced Beef Dumpling Soup: Not bad, only ordered it because 1/3 of our triumvirate that day keeps kosher.

Chinese Broccoli: Always order Chinese Broccoli. Always. They will test your chopstick skills a la Mr Miyagi. 

Welcome Nom Wah. It's a pleasure to have you.
_________________________________
Eat here now, eat here often.

- ß
Very good dim sum, but on the pricey side. Despite what others may say here about the cost, it is actually cheaper than Dim Sum Garden. The price also prevents me from overeating and hating myself for the rest of the day (which is what happens at most other cart-pushing dim sum places).

Your orders are taken in the more contemporary fashion with sheets of paper that you mark your selections off on. However, I noticed that the servers don't mark off dishes that arrive at your table, so that might lead to some confusion.

A few notes:

Since the dishes are pricey and on the small side (compared to cart-pushing establishments), make sure your group is a multiple of 2 or else it'll be a pain in the ass to share stuff.

No huge traditional circular tables, so don't bring a large party. I think 6 is the largest group that can be accommodated comfortably.
I am in vegan/vegetarian heaven! I finally found a dim sum place with a decent selection of vegetarian/vegan dishes. We will see if I react to any cross contaminations. But, so far, so good. Yum!
Literally to die for. This is my new dim sum spot, not just for Philly but for basically the entire US outside of San Francisco.

I know they're an NYC transplant but I've been to the original and this was better, if only just.

The steamed ribs are absolutely the highlight. They're extremely difficult to get perfectly right, but these were spot on. Likewise, the tofu skin rolls were great.

I've already dragged three different people there in 3 weeks.

Now I just need to figure out a way to get back to Guangzhou in the next few months to compare...
I eat dim sum... A LOT. Ocean Harbor and Ocean City were always the go-to (NEVER go to Joy Tsin Lau after that food poisoning shitshow). I saw this place on Yelp and each order looked very intricately prepared so I decided to check it out.

The food here is great, everything is made to order and piping hot. It's not traditional style, where they push around a cart. Ordering is easy, however; they present you with two menus, one has photos and ingredients, while the second is one you fill out. Everything we ordered was amazing. Some highlights were the snow peas and shrimp dumpling, the sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaves, and the stuffed eggplants. The classics of siu mai and shrimp dumplings didn't disappoint either. 

The menu isn't as extensive as the larger spots in Chinatown with pushcarts, but this places makes up for it with the atmosphere and individualized service/attention. It just felt cleaner overall. I will certainly be back!
I came here a few weeks ago because I was craving dim sum. Sure, I've been to the classics like the garden and bing bing but on a Saturday night at like 7:30 ain't nobody got time to wait like an hour for some minuscule veggie cubes/shreds wrapped in some dough, or anything else for that matter. 

This place looked decent enough. 

We walked in and much to my relief and simultaneous disappointment, there were plenty of open tables.  

They give you like a card on which to fill out your order and a little pencil. This is odd but actually good because it circumvents a potential language barrier. We ordered scallion pancakes (OBVIOUSLY), veggie dumplings, spring rolls, and something with tofu and broccoli. 

This place also has alcohol (thank god) so we went with the legendary vodka soda. At this place, it comes in a glass slightly larger than but probably similar volume of, when taking into account the ice cubes, a shot glass. I could hear my liver chuckle condescendingly. 

Scallion pancakes were good, doughy and oily. Veggie dumplings were decent. The spring rolls were actually like not even worth the calories or the carbs, I only finished the entire thing out of obligation having started it. Tofu with broccoli was my favorite. Sauce was tasty, tofu was fried nicely, although now as I'm thinking of it, I don't think I've ever had poorly fried tofu or poorly fried anything. 

I actually just looked at my photos and we ordered another thing lol. I'm trying to figure out what this roll is on the menu and if my memory serves me I believe we also ordered the "tofu skin roll". What on earth is that and more importantly, what on earth possessed us to order this will remain a mystery. I actually think I liked it more than the spring roll but that's like saying I liked it more than chalk. Ratio of dough to filling (skin in this case apparently) was hefty. 

Just as a quick disclaimer my girlfriend loved our meal and cannot figure out why I didn't like it. Unfortunately for this place she's lazy with her yelping.
Authentic dim sum in a fun setting. The Shanghai soup style dim sum was amazing. Restaurant was a great value for excellent food. We came back twice in two days.
Dim sum is basically the brunch of Chinese people. It's normally served between the hours of 10-3. My wife is a huge fan of dim sum and wants to go almost every weekend. Me, not so much, but I do enjoy this place. The reason you ask?? It's because the dim sum is fresh and not just sitting around in a cart for who knows how long.

It's pricier than the other places, but I really feel as if you do you get you paid for it. It's fresh, hot out of the steamer/deepfryer, and only cooked to order. 

Another plus is that they can speak and understand English. Well, the time I went the person did.

Overall: I think this is my go to Dim Sum place from now on.
Anyone who likes dim sum knows that Saturday afternoon is synonymous with a cacophony of crowds and dim sum carts chaos. This was not the case at Nom Wah Tea Parlour. The understated, relaxed ambiance combined with good eats at reasonable prices were welcome surprises. 

I decided to try Nom Wah at a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.

Most of the dining room was filled but it was not like you would have to be too close/right next to other diners. Some of you may think that because it wasn't super-crowded on a Saturday afternoon, it probably isn't good. And you would be missing out. Because the dishes were delicious. I ordered a lot of the usual suspects/favorites including all things shrimp - shrimp dumplings, shrimp rice noodle crepes, and pan fried shrimp and vegetable dumplings. I particularly enjoyed the shrimp and pea leaves dumplings dish, which is not as commonly offered in my home city (DC), as well as vegan options such as the scallion and cilantro rice noodle crepe and vegetable dumplings. My server was helpful and good about refilling the tea. 

As I was leaving, I noticed the sign outside that notes that Nom Wah was established in 1920. 100 years is no easy feat and I look forward to returning whenever I visit Philly again.

Note: My approach for my reviews is based on a combination of whether the food tasted delicious, the ambiance, service, and also what I expect for the area. I'm not from NYC, SF, LA, or Asia, but have experienced lovely food from all of those places, as well as bad dishes. The effect of awarding a local restaurant a lower rating solely because they cannot compare to restaurants in areas that have higher Asian/Asian descent populations can be more damaging to an otherwise good local business than we expect.
Honestly this place is the best Dim Sum in town. I have yet to try anything I don't like.

Here are my faves: OG egg roll, shrimp shu mai, scallion pancake, soup dumplings, and pork bun. 

Honestly I personally challenge you to find a better pork bun than here. (Spoiler: you can't).

Everything is authentic.

Staff is very kind, and service is quick.

There is plenty of parking on Race street, or any other surrounding street.

I come here a few times a month and could eat here every day for the rest of my life
Great little place! It's not a dim sum place that I would take my parents to or anything, but it satisfied my cravings for dim sum AND it was on the same block as my hotel. I wanted to get food and take a nap during my lunch time break from the conference and this place helped me do it! 

I had the sticky rice steamed in a lotus leaf and one of their wonton soups. It was under $15 including tip and I got pretty full (still had leftovers). The soup reminded me of home and my mom's cooking; I could even taste the white pepper in it. The sticky rice had a lot of fillings in it, all tasty. 

The staff were friendly and service was quick, which I appreciated. 

I prefer the push carts and a restaurant crowded with mostly Asian patrons and where they automatically assume you want tea, etc. etc. so I probably wouldn't come here again because it's not what I think of and expect from a dim sum restaurant, but it was convenient to have it close by when I needed it!
Dim sum had me saying nom nom nom nom nom nom nom! Great interior with a more relaxed vibe compared to some of the other dim sum places I've been in the city. PERFECT spot for a double date as majority of selections come out in 4 servings. 

Recently featured in Philly Magazine, so check that out! They had some great menu recommendations. My crew went with pork buns, soup dumplings (my favorite), shrimp dumplings, spicy wontons, sticky rice with lotus leaf, scallion pancake, stuffed eggplant, and curry beef dumplings. You really can't go wrong as all are made fresh to order! 

BYOB, however they do sell alcohol there as well in case you get caught empty handed.
A small little shop that's not your traditional dim sum with carts. You check on a piece of paper what you want to order and it's slightly pricey but the taste is great. 

Every dish was excellent. I have never seen a full shrimp shumai and I enjoyed it a lot. The service was fine - a little understaffed and a little too crowded in terms of seating (especially by covid standards) but it didn't bother me. 

Would recommend and wouldn't mind coming back!
Dim sum with fancy pants on!  Lose the hustle and bustle of a typical dim sum with carts and tiny ladies and replace it with a checklist of dishes, fancy teas, and zen.  A party of two devoured 8 items which included a ginormous pork bun, pan fried dumplings, soup dumplings, shrimp dumplings, spare ribs, fried dough, sui mai, stuffed eggplant, and delicious white jasmine tea.  The highlights were the eggplant (the better half is usually not a fan of eggplant at all) and the huge house special roast pork bun (the bun itself was so fluffy).  I have to admit everything i ate tasted fresher compared to other places in the city.  The prices are a bit higher but your paying for better quality, service, and experience.
I'm so happy a decent cantonese dim sum restaurant opened in Philly. As a native new yorker, I found the other canto dim sum places not up to par of what I'm used to. However, this place met all my expectations! 

You order here by checking off a dim sum list. I love this because everything is made to order and fresh! You can really taste the difference because unlike the cart dim sum places, your dish is not sitting in a heated cart indefinitely.
 
My favorite so far is the salt and pepper shrimp. The crunchy and salty exterior is exactly how I like it. My second favorite was the shrimp rolls. I'm usually picky about them and nom wah hit the spot! The shrimp were big and juicy. There are usually three shrimps per roll but I gave this a pass since the shrimp was so big. I also had a sticky rice in lotus leaves, steamed pork ribs, shrimp siu mai (which is all shrimp, no pork).

However, the only item I would not recommend is the soup dumplings (small, dough too tough, average and bland flavor compared to the Shanghai dim sum places nearby that specialize in soup dumplings).

I also really liked the many tea selections and the mini blurbs about the tea on the menu. 

Service was really great here. I usually expect abrupt service from a chinese place, but the service here was attentive and quick. Empty plates were taken within minutes. I was also offered a new plate when mine was overflowed with bones and shells. 

This place was more pricey than the average dim sum restaurant but for the lovely decor, delicious food and above average service, I didn't mind the mark up.

Tip: The place is pretty small so waiting time may be long when it's busy
Definitely not my cup of tea (I know, I'm so witty).

I do love the shrimp rice noodle roll, the scallion pancakes, and the broccoli. All are a must.

I tried the soup dumplings among others. I did not like the broth inside of the dumplings. Go down to dim sum garden and get the best in the city (in my opinion). The other dumplings were decent, nothing spectacular. I tried the chicken feet and was extremely underwhelmed. I guess they're supposed to be like all fat? But I didn't like the flavor of the sauce. I also didn't enjoy picking tiny bones out of mouth. Doesn't really seem safe to me. 

Service is attentive and quick, as it is in all of china town. Definitely give it a try if you're a dim sum lover. This place might just be your cup of tea!
From NYC... moved away and died slowly without my dim sum. Came to Philly on a whim and discovered this was here. I am so happy. I almost cried. 
Delicious food as always, it's almost like I'm back home.
They accept credit card, which is a huge plus. Intimate restaurant with a bar area and 2 beers on tap lol. Smaller menu with pictures and you can check box the dishes that you want on a piece of paper and hand it to the server. The staggering was a little bit weird, but felt like the dishes were made to order. Tea is $1 a person, and there is a decent selection. Bummed out that the taro cakes (wutaogao) were not served traditionally. Instead, they were cut up and smothered in a pepper sauce. Outside of that, all the dim sum was really solid. Thoroughly enjoyed the soup dumplings (xiaolongbao). Outside of that, we had a good selection of different dishes, and they were all pretty good. Stuffed and only paid around $15 a person. OK service, kinda wish they had more than two servers on the floor.
I love that everything comes out piping hot and fresh because you are ordering what you want rather than picking off of the carts. We ordered some staples that we love in other dimsum restaurants so that there could be a barometer for measurement as well as a dumpling sampler which contained 8 different steamed dumplings.
Sticky rice with chinese sausage - good flavor but a tad dry.
Xia long bao/ soup dumplings - filling was tasty but virtually no broth and the wrap a little thick.
Shrimp pork and chive pan fried dumplings were excellent. although heavy on the chive and minimal pork/shrimp, the dumpling skin was thin, non greasy and crispy exterior with a tender bite.
Shrimp in rice noodle - shrimp filling was perfectly cooked but the rice noodle although tender and texturally nice was too thick.
The turnip cake was the star. It is hard to find a great turnip cake in Philly's chinatown. In my personal opinion theirs is the best of any I have had. It is pan fried crispy on the outside and smooth on the inside. No greasy or odd aftertaste at all and fresh/ hot. The accompanying sauce is unnecessary and cloyingly sweet.
The hot oil is of a medium intensity but had a sweetness to it that was not unpleasant but did add to a repetetive sweetness component not generally experienced in hot chili oil. Service was excellent and there is a full bar so paired with a somewhat swanky yet small interior could make for great happy hour or evening noms. It is nice that they serve Dim sum only and all day so you can get your fix anytime. 

A solid 3.5 stars.
I'll start this off with I'm a huge fan of dim sum. My opinion was always that dim sum should be brought steaming hot and plentiful in quantity. Although the wait for the food was a little much, the meal delivered big time. The house pan fried dumplings and bacon wrapped shrimp were both very filling and tasty, even without the side sauces. The scallion pancakes were more like scallion crepes (a bit flat) but still good nonetheless. 

The only thing we didn't like was that drinks took awhile considering there were around twenty people in the restaurant and there was a brief snafu with the check. The restaurant itself offered a very tranquil vibe that jived well with the group. 

In the end, the dim sum was phenomenal, drinks were solid but just took awhile. We will definitely be back!
Came here for dimsum on a Saturday morning- it was pretty empty so we were seated quickly. This review is just for the dim sum. 

They don't push the cards around here, instead you check off what you want on a piece of paper and they bring it out. They have a menu full of pics in case you don't know the name. They have all the usual dim sum dishes- chicken feet, siu mai, shrimp rice crepe, etc It was kind of pricey - 20 bucks a person for 5 people so the bill was around 100...

Service is pretty good and it's clean. The quality of food is alright...I think ocean harbor is better for dim sum.
Not the most authentic place I've been to for Dim Sum, but had to try this place given all the reviews and photos. They don't push carts here so you don't get the authentic experience, but the food comes out fresh. Not as many options for dim sum, and the menu seems to cater more towards americanized asian cuisine. Was surprised by the quality and taste of the dim sum though, the har gow and shumai were some of the best I have ever tasted. A bit more expensive than the dim sum I am used to but would come back due to the excellent taste.
This is still one of the better places to eat dim sum (excluding soup dumplings) in Philly but the quality really fluctuates sadly. We came back recently and the food wasn't as good this time as the first few visits. We weren't given an option for the tea order this time as the lady just brought their standard brew I suppose.

After being really disappointed by the XLB/soup dumplings last time.. I foolishly wanted to try something new and ordered the dumplings IN soup as I was craving something liquidy w/veggies bc we didn't want to splurge on the veggie dishes. It was very very passable and tasted like something I could have dethawed it from Costco. The chicken feet was a really weird light color and didn't have the awesome punch it did the first few times. I still like the fried shrimp which you can eat with the shell on. The interesting partially crunchy pan fried noodles are the go-to carb order for us but I really wish they had srichacha for it as that was an amazing win as leftovers at home. Siu mai, shrimp noodle roll, fried shrimp, and shrimp tofu skin roll or the fried tofu skin roll are still my faves here. And yes, continue to avoid the soup dumplings here (AVOID like the plaque!). I hope they do something to spruce the place up quality and appeal-wise as it is definitely further out of the way on the outskirts of Chinatown.
Big fan of this place now, I have been following this place and its coming to Philly for a while. When I was finally alerted by Eater that they were open, I jumped in the car and went over. Once inside, the space is nice and new and the staff is super friendly and helpful. I tend to really over order at Dim Sum places so I took another with me but really I should have gotten 4 people together. I am sure that you are familiar with how Dim Sum works, if not, go Google it. What you won't find here are steam carts running around everywhere, there just isn't enough room for that. We ordered a bunch of things and there wasn't 1 thing that we got that I wouldn't order again. My favorite thing had to be the salt+pepper ribs, they were by far my favorite and you got a heaping plate of them for $12, I was in heaven. The shrimp dumplings were awesome as were the soup dumplings. The house special dumplings in soup were awesome and the broth was great as well. There are a bunch of other things that we got and we ended up taking some home but you just need to go and give this place a shot. It's kind of off the beaten path with regards to Chinatown but it's worth the extra 2 minute walk. We will be back soon and I can't wait to bring people here after a night out for some gluttony.
I suspect this is over-hyped due to it being a successful establishment in NYC.  I finally tried it with friends for lunch on a weekday and it was OK, though on the edge/fringe of the chinatown area in philly.  The service was just OK.  my two friends and I ordered a bunch of different dumplings and a couple other small offerings to share.  The server guy brought one small bowl with some sauce in it, Im not sure what it was but it was tasty.  This was enough to go with maybe one order of dumplings.  However there was no offer for more, once that ran dried and there was no soy sauce or anything else on the tables.  

The server was hardly present so we didnt have much opportunity to ask for it.  The dumplings were OK but kind of tough.  Dry or overcooked or precooked hours earlier(?).  Hardly worth a return, with this experience.  There's much better dumplings in the hood and in much less empty restaurants too.
Meh. After reading the reviews on yelp, and given my penchant for all things dim sum, I was very excited to try the food at nom wah. However, the food was at best, unimpressive. At worst, it was inedible. I ordered a mai tai which tasted like rubbing alcohol. To their credit, the wait service was speedy even on a busy Saturday night, but I can't picture myself coming back again.
As good as it gets.

First, the staff is very kind and knowledgeable and the restaurant is great for dining in. Not what you always get with a Dim Sum.

Second, the food is delicious. We had a group of maybe 7 and we ate more food than I ever thought was possible. The dishes just kept coming. Unlike many Dim Sum places, Nom Wah Tea has many good vegetarian offerings. 

The price point was very reasonable. With tip I think we each paid around $22. 

The part I liked the most was the unique wall papers in the restrooms. It looked like something from the 1970's or 1980's
First time here today and definitely will be back. Food came out relatively quick and most of the dishes were spectacular.

Their scallion pancakes are perfectly crispy, their soup dumplings are flavorful, and their bacon wrapped shrimp: WOW. It was heavenly goodness.

We also got a variety of dishes and there wasn't anything to really complain about as it lived up to other dim sum places.

I would try their eggplant and shrimp combo which was delicious and that's saying something because I usually steer clear of eggplants but it was soft and seasoned well.

The only dish I didn't care for was the shrimp and chive buns. Very little shrimp compared to the overwhelming amount of chives. I wouldn't have minded had the chives been seasoned but they just seemed like they were haphazardly cut and stuffed so the bun itself lacked taste.

Can't complain about the prices either.
Would definitely go back.
I'm terrible with exact names so I'll upload the pictures from today.
After a recommendation from a friend who's taste buds I trust completely, my boyfriend and I came to see what the hype was about last Saturday. I know Sunday is more a "dimsum" kind of day, so maybe that explained why it was surprisingly empty inside. 

The restaurant is small and a little further away from all the busier china town spots, but it is definitely cleaner and less "Asian" inside, which I appreciated. 

The dim sum isn't on carts, but you fill out paper sheets, kind of like at sushi places. I liked that the menu had pictures of every item. 

We had the Chinese greens, which was basically Bok choy. I loved it! We also had the pork bun, pork shumai, soup dumplings, and scallion pancakes. Everything was so good! You can taste the freshness as opposed to when you're picking off a cart, not knowing how long ago something was made. 

I would come back, but there's something I still like better about the traditional dimsum. Maybe the instant gratification?
Quick, tasty and inexpensive - can't be beat!  Just step from the Hampton Inn ... where we were staying,  but totally worth a walk to get there!
This place is great when you're craving dim sum! They have all the traditional dim sum dishes. They don't utilize carts so the food comes out to order and much hotter than sitting on a cart. My favorite dishes: fried crab claw, bean curd skin roll, and shrimp/beef rice noodle roll. My one criticism is that these price points are much higher than traditional dim sum places but it's worth it if you want your food extra fresh and hot.
Had a lovely dim sum experience at Nom Wah this morning!  We arrived at 11 am (highly recommend getting here early - there was a line out the door when we left around noon!) and were promptly seated.  Three of us ordered the following: 

* Soup dumplings: by far the winning dish!  So good... one of my friends asked "I wonder if it would be strange to just order 3 dishes of these and nothing else?"

* Shrimp dumplings (steamed): also a top dish - flavorful, wrapping wasn't too thick, definitely on the repeat menu. 

* Sausage dumplings (fried): I thought these were really good, but they fell to the third place because of hot competition. 

* BBQ pork stuffed steamed bun: YUM. Only wish there had been 2-3 smaller buns instead of one large one. Kind of awkward to share (and I didn't really want to share). 

* Rice paper wrapped fried dough: sounded totally weird, the picture showed like two large pieces, but the dish itself was really great!  The fried dough is crunchy, the rice paper is chewy, a little soy sauce is salty... just a yummy combo!  AND there were a TON of pieces... 

* Sticky rice with sausage: OK, but could have used more sausage? 

* Steamed pork ribs: mostly sinew and bone, not very flavorful, kind of a weird pasty substance over them.  Not a repeat. 

My friends ordered tea that tasted like, well, dirt.  Not my cup of...  yeah.  

$15 per person (with a good tip) = delicious, cheap, filling, fun meal!  We will probably focus more on the dumpling side of the menu next time around.  Looking forward to their liquor license, too!
Looking for a staple Dim Sum place? This is it!! 

Very cozy, chill place with a bar and super cool wine bottle decor. I came here on a Friday night with a friend  and the place was not crowded at all! Nice and speedy staff who were very attentive and polite. 

The food here was GOOD for the prices that they had. Between my friend and I, we ordered 9 dishes and our total was only $37!!! (we didn't order any drinks). 

There were many options on the menu but not as many as you would find at other local dim sum places. They did have gluten free options on the menu which were marked with an X and some veggie options as well. 

I would suggest to take public transportation here since this place is located in Chinatown and parking is really tricky. You COULD find meter parking but that would be an inconvenience.
This is 100% without a doubt the best. Best dim sum. Best dumplings. Best value. 

Every time we eat at some fancy place in center city, I spend $100 per person and wish I had just gone to Nom Wah Tea Parlor

Everything's good but I will always order the following base order:

Scallion pancake
Turnip cake 
Shrimp shumai 
Shanghai soup dumpling 
The original crispy egg roll (that's right, they invented the egg roll)
Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce 


Everything is so bomb. I thought about not writing the review because this is currently the best kept secret in Philadelphia. The one in NYC is constantly packed, nobody seems to know about his one yet. 

Go support these people, you will not regret it. So good......so good.
Pretty tasty! Cute interior. Would definitely recommend.  Good dim sum selection.

A few cons first. We thought the house dumplings in soup wasn't great.  The dumplings were a little gummy and the broth was totally bland.  The egg roll was super crispy and large but also really bland.  The soup dumplings were pretty small. Not what I expected at all.

On the plus side the chow fun noodles, sesame balls and eggplant dishes were great!

The chive rolls were interesting.  We didn't know what to expect.  If you like those slippery wide noodles you will love these. If you don't like that these aren't for you!

We'd consider going back but given my love of soup dumplings when I'm in Philly I might go elsewhere first.
No dim sum cart here but its ok. Take a look at what you want on that order form, check it off and hand it to the server... The dim sums don't come out all at once.. Wait time is not that long in between so it's ok (or maybe we went early like when they opened). 
The items are slightly higher than the usual chinatown places, probably by a dollar or so. They start @ $4 and most of the items are around that range. We got the usual har kow (shrimp dumpling), pork siu mai, shrimp rice roll(wrapping wasn't thick, it was rolled out very evenly and thin so you get to the shrimp quicker!!) , beef ball and a number of other items. Everything was delicious, Tea is free in chinatown restaurants but it's about $1 a cup to $4 a pot of tea. 
It's smaller than the usual restaurants so coming as a big crowd might have to wait longer for a table. 
Service was nice and attentive. Didn't have to wait forever to wave someone over. 

Welcome to Philadelphia Nom Wah~!
I had a craving for dim sum, so I dragged my boyfriend here last week. 

This place is pretty cozy, upon walking in I could already tell it's a bit Americanized. I sort of liked that though, in terms of service. 

The food was average at best, but good enough to satisfy my cravings. I haven't had dim sum in awhile so I forget where the legit spots are in Chinatown. I just remember the service being bad and the servers being rude at the authentic Chinese spots. I chose Nom Wah particularly because I knew I wouldn't have any issues with service. I'm so used to my mom ordering for the family. But finally, I could get my shrimp rice rolls without there being an issue with a language barrier! My boyfriend and I ordered almost the whole menu, I don't remember what they all were. I just remember that portion sizes were a little weird, but not a deal breaker. The inner alcoholic in me loved how they offered cocktails, so you already know that made some of my experience. 

Overall, this is an okay place. Would visit again, but I am still on the search to find a dim sum spot with impeccable service, food and atmosphere in Philly. Will this be like finding a pot of gold? Stay tuned to find out!!
During this time of social distancing, I've been digging back into my archives to find places I haven't reviewed yet that may offer takeout, and I can't believe I haven't reviewed Nom Wah yet. This review is long overdue: I absolutely adore Nom Wah.  In my opinion, it's the best dim sum place in the city. Every time I've gone, I've gotten stellar service. Most of the time, my party gets seated right away but I know on the weekends obviously this place can get a little busy so I'd make a reservation.

My usual order is the scallion pancakes, the steamed lotus leaf rice, turnip cakes, pork soup dumplings, pork siu mai, and I try to order a couple of new things to try every time I visit too. Last time, I ordered to try the tofu skin rolls and curry dumplings (unfortunately no picture of the lotus leaf rice and curry dumplings, I was way too excited to wait and I just dug into those!)

Everything is such high quality, served piping hot, and just really delicious. I feel like I can order anything off the menu and it won't disappoint.  I've taken countless friends here, and no one has ever had a bad experience.  Unfortunately this place is not a cart dim sum place, you check off what you'd like to order a la carte. Everything is reasonably priced I'd say, and if you are craving dim sum during this time, I would highly recommend you give them a call and try to get something for takeout / delivery.
Stopped in to celebrate two family birthdays. My brother (who can be a picky eater) had nothing but good things to say about the pork and shrimp shumai. He also ordered the General Tso's chicken (which was fried perfectly and a good option for picky eaters opposed to dim sum). My mom and I love the soup dumplings, massive egg rolls, and rice rolls. Everything I've had here is great! Never a disappointing meal.
If you want the best Dim Sum in Philly, this is the place for you!

I was recommended this place by a family friend who told me they have the best pork buns in the world. That says something considering they were in the armed forces everywhere! They did not disappoint. They were a little sweet for my taste, but they are still the most amazing treat.

I highly recommend the following: 
The "OG" egg roll: it is crispy and savoury. The egg wrapped around the insides is such a nice aspect. The crunch is PERFECT, and I can never get enough.

Scallion pancake: enough said. A classic done right!

Pork bun: this was amazing, however it was a little sweet for my taste. But I think it would still be hard to beat.

Soup dumplings: another classic that's nailed! An excellent wrapper and good flavour.


The service is amazing and the staff are super nice.

I cannot recommend enough! (I also go here almost every other week).
This is my favorite dim sum place here in Philadelphia, despite other reviews.  Perhaps the owner uses online reviews as a resource to improve their business, and that's A+ customer service in my book.  We actually found this restaurant on Open Table and saw that Nom Wah had great reviews.  We made a reservation for 9:30 pm.  We arrived, realizing they close at 10 pm.  The owner/manager invited us in with open arms and  insists that it was ok.  We ended up ordering a bunch of stuff:

Spring rolls - nice and fresh and crispy.  The duck sauce wasn't too sweet but with some hot Chinese mustard, it was amazing.  

Turnip cake - so delicious.  In was fried perfectly where it is crispy and not soggy.  Must places have a very starchy, soggy texture 

Shrimp Shu Mai - a solid go to. 

Scallion pancakes - amazing .  It's the thin and crispy ones too - my favorite 

Pan fried noodles - very flavorful, but the noodles weren't as crispy as I had hoped for them to be.  But on the bright side, it made amazing left overs.  Had it been literally fried, we'd have stale soggy noodles :(

Soup dumplings - these were OK.  The skin was a little thick.  However, I respect this plate because the owner told us his soup dumplings are not the best, but they are on the healthier side because he does not use all the animal fat that most other places uses.  Without the animal fat, he couldn't make the dumpling as thin without it breaking.  Regardless, I would still order these again.  

The service was amazing.  He saw me continuously peaking over at the clock, and told us to take our time and to not worry.  This is a small, clean eatery with a humble owner out to make an honest living by providing good food and service to patrons.  You don't find many Asian cuisine restaurants like that.  I look forward to coming back very much.

And the have Guinness and Sapporo.  Just sayin'
Came here about a month ago to fulfill a dumpling craving. The woman serving us was so friendly and helpful. The house special pork bun, spicy wontons and shanghainese soup dumplings were all pretty good. The other dumplings we got were not that memorable. Overall food was good, but I was not too impressed.
Germs!! Going to the  bathroom, we looked in kitchen. We watched them rolling food with no gloves, wiping their hands on their pants over and over.  Really gross.  Service was very slow.  The food and prices were pretty good.  But I cannot come back because of very poor sanitation.
Food was mediocre. Got the xiao long baos and the skin was alittle too thick for my liking. Barely soup in the dumping. Sui mai taste more like a pork dumpling, amazing spare ribs tho. Best dish we ordered. Shrimp cheng fun was fresh but something about the rice roll flavor was bland and sauce did not adhere too much. Fresh shrimp in the roll but i bit into the tail which still had the shell on. My bf went into the bathroom and there was a dead roach on the floor ....Great service from the lady(owner?) but i would try another place.
Having been to the OG Nom Wah in NYC, I'm sorry to say that this Philly branch pales in comparison. The service was friendly and efficient and the food came out quickly, but the dishes overall were a hit or miss. The ambience was also just not great. It was kind of weird how there was just a bar that took up nearly the entirety of one wall with a mounted TV--it felt more like a random pub than a dim sum restaurant and I felt pretty bad for the customers relegated to the odd bar counter seating. The dining room also had this pervasive cleaning solution smell that made me think of a public restroom.

As for the dishes - the definite hits were the pan-fried turnip cake, the shrimp rice rolls (not pictured), and the stuffed eggplant. The turnip cake had so much flavor and was soft and not too starchy. The shrimp rice rolls were also filled with generously plump shrimp and the rice wrap was super soft. As for the misses, the shrimp dumplings (har gow) had a REALLY hard dumpling skin which just seems like a tragedy since har gow is such a classic. The steamed pork spare rib, which is usually my favorite dimsum item, was sooo salty! The sodium overload mouthfeel stayed with me even as we were walking out of the door.
So I came here on a Thursday afternoon with Geeg while she was in town. She had never tried dim sum before so I got a wide spread. I'll preface with this...it was good. Not the best I've had when compared to San Fran, Chicago, and Taiwan...but it was a lot better than some other places I've tried. I think the only complaint I really had was the rice wrappers of the hau kau (shrimp dumplings) were actually hard, as if they weren't steamed all the way through. I'd go back if everything else was full.
I just came here 2 days ago with a friend trying to decide as to whether to go to a straight up authentic traditional old dimsum restaurant in chinatown or something more modern. We decided to come here and honestly regret the $60 I paid for the meal. 

Anyone who has also eaten dimsum their whole life would understand why I say to avoid this place. 

Almost every single dish I ordered was completely off, tasted dry/chewy/sauce was off/ seasoning was off/ no seasoning/ not the seasoning its supposed to have/ burnt/ and honestly just bluntly careless for how the dish is cooked/presented. 

What is really sad is how mediocre the food was and honestly for the first time in a long time, I did not want to tip (but I still did. Service wasn't there either, just all about getting people quickly in and out. No refill on water when we needed it. Tables too close to others. I can reach over to the next person and I'm only 5 feet. I also asked for beef rice roll, which is also a traditional rice noodle roll that is made along side the shrimp rice noodle roll and she pretended like it was not a thing at all and it was too much effort. I'm not docking points for this, but definitely something every dimsum restaurant has and if not when people ask it's always made and shouldn't be cumbersome to do. ) 

Just a few I took a picture of: 
Spicy wonton: How mediocre and frozen it looks/ tasteless/ lifeless is exactly how it was when you bit into it. Not only is the filling disgusting, look at how little sauce they spit onto the plate. 

Curry Dumplings: The picture is self-explanatory, wow. The oil in their fryer needs to be changed, the casing was extremely hard to bite into and old. The entire thing was oily.

Egg Roll: Cooked in the same old oil as the curry dumplings, inside shell of the casing of the roll is not cooked properly and is rubbery. 


Bottom line: Save your appetite/time/money. Look for another place for dimsum.
I ordered a bunch of dim sum dishes from here a week ago and when I say it was a disappointment, I mean it was a MAJOR disappointment. The chicken feet I ordered was not only not prepared correctly, it was under-cooked! The starch was not cooked, the chicken was cold -- it was disappointing. I also ordered rice rolls (which were cold and under-cooked), rice rolls w shrimp (under-cooked), shrimp har gow (...you guessed it: undercooked! You're starting to see the theme here, right??), siu mai (cold and pork was under-cooked so I threw it out. Not tryna die over under-cooked siu mai pork!! The only thing that turned out right were the spring rolls -__- 

I've been missing dim sum like crazy and when I finally had the opportunity to order some...I was left with a big mess of under-cooked disappointment. 

Not to mention this was me giving this place a second try; I've been here a couple years ago for their dim sum and was not impressed. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on you AND me!! 

I don't think I will be returning to Nom Wah -- for both delivery/take out and dine in. Hard pass.
We had some tasty treats here and I like that they have a full bar! The lychee martinee was very well balanced and not too sweet.  Shrimp soup dumpling was so delicious, my favorite part of the meal. We had the plain rice roll but I wasnt a fan -- sort of slimy and not a lot of flavor -- might have been overcooked.  We did the fried sampler and there were some great options on there and fun to share with a table. We also got the Salt and Pepper spare ribs and they were SO GOOD. Definitely get a plate.
Some of the best dumplings I've had in Philadelphia.  Other food was on point as well.
Today my husband and I Dim Sum hopped. We visited 5 restaurant 1 for as closed 1 we did not order. 
This Resturant by far had the nicest staff. Resturant does not have ice tea but the waiter made some for me!  
Although, the bathroom floor is in need of a good mopping we enjoyed the atmosphere. 
On to the food! 
The largest variety of Dim Sum options we seen all day; however the food lacked favor. According to my husband the Pork Tips/Spareribs in Black bean sauce was not good!!! I thought the Pork Bun ok! Pork & Chive Dumpling were the best thing we ate. 
Keep in mind we ate at two other restaurant.. which is the main reason we would try this place again!
Came here for lunch after hearing the owner speak on a Podcast. I'm so glad I did, fantastic service, the food was great, nice environment and very affordable. Vegan options. Highly recommend checking it out!
Came here on a Sunday evening and was promptly seated and given a pad and pencil. Kind of a weird feeling having a la carte dim sum for dinner, but there's a first for everything. 

We ordered a lot of the usual: har gow (shrimp dumpling), siu mai, sticky rice, shrimp wrapped in rice roll, beef wrapped in rice roll, turnip cake, scallion pancake, among others. Overall I thought the food was pretty decent, but some dishes were definitely on the "room temperature" to "moderately warm" side... Would have been nice if they were steamed thoroughly enough to be hot.

I'd come back during lunch hours to try them again.
Dim sum can be tricky. You'll have your favorite spots that are good one day, and absolutely awful the next. Nom Wah has been consistently delicious every single time. Everything's made to order, so no little mystery carts. Confession: I miss the little carts! And Nom Wah is a tad more expensive, but I don't miss the inconsistency of other places and definitely don't mind paying a bit more for that. This place gets the soup dumplings right every time. I also loved the noodles, the shrimp dumplings (big chunks, not mealy slivers, of shrimp in every bite!), the scallion pancakes ... Everything's yummy and fresh.

Also, FYI, the establishment now has its own full bar. While it used to be BYO, it now charges a $5 corkage fee for bringing your own drinks. The owner has tried to change it on Yelp, but told me that they charge businesses $300 a month (!!!) for that privilege, and the expense is too much.
My niece was in town with her fiancé. She wanted to eat Dim Sum so it was back to Philadelphia for our new favorite Dim Sum Place. 

The place was crowded for our return trip which was a good sign.   We ordered while waiting for my daughter and her family to arrive. 

We ordered Shrimp Shu Mai, shrimp dumplings with pea pods, shrimp stuffed eggplant, scallion pancakes and plain shrimp dumplings.   We also ordered soup dumplings. Many places provide a vinegar to eat with the soup dumplings but none was offered. The vinegar would have been a nice addition.   Nonetheless, Everything is made to order so the dumplings were all hot when they arrived at the table. 

Of course, we ordered seconds for many of the items. Everything was delicious. The wait staff is great and there will definitely be more trips to Philadelphia.
I have been to the Nom Wah location in New York and decided to give the Philadelphia location a shot. I have to say, it doesn't top the New York location. A lot of the items my friends and I ordered were either a hit or miss. I would definitely recommend the roast pork bun, rice roll with fried dough, and pan fried turnip cakes, of the 12 dishes we ordered. Based on my experience, I would not recommend the shrimp dumplings or the soup dumplings. The wrapper of the shrimp dumplings were way too thick and almost rubbery. The soup dumplings had little to no soup inside, which made it just taste like a regular steamed dumpling. Other than that, the service was great and the ambiance of the restaurant was quite nice.
Nom Wah is a little a la carte dim sum restaurant, a sister restaurant to a restaurant that opened in NY Chinatown 100 years ago. 

The long skinny restaurant eschews the carts traditional at dim sum restaurants, instead preparing each order individually.

Dining at the bar, I received prompt and friendly service. My tea, Bo Li arrived  right away and the three dishes were spread out. The shrimp.and pea dumplings were subtle and needed a dash of soy. The scallion and cilantro rice rolls in a house-made sweet soy sauce were nice though challenged my limited chopstick skills. The red bean buns were a perfectly sweet note to end the meal. 

I look forward to returning. Service, speed and flavor make this a wonderful option for dim sum in Philadelphia.
My wife and I are big fans of eating Dim Sum so when my daughter wanted us to meet them in Philadelphia it was a no brainier. My daughter did the research since she and her husband were spending Friday night in Philly.  There are a number of Dim Sum places that have received positive reviews so my daughter chose this place because it wasn't too far from her hotel. 

It's located on N 13th Street one block south of Vine Street. There is some metered parking on the street. However, there is a large public lot on the corner where you can park. There is a parking lot across from the restaurant but this is for overnight parking only.  

You enter at the street level and walk into a long thin room with a full bar on the left. Nom Wah Tea Parlor offers a full bar including wine. 

Dim Sum is ordered by the use of a paper menu. There's a full menu for reference purposes and descriptions. The Dim Sum is prepared when ordered which ensures that it's hot when it reaches the table. That can be a problem at those restaurants where waiters/waitresses walk around with trays and carts. 

We ordered a variety of dishes including scallions cakes, stuffed eggplant, soup dumplings, shrimp and chive dumplings and shrimp shu Mai all of which were delicious. Their version of the pork bun was one large bun instead of separate pieces. It was probably my least favorite item of the day. 

Nom Wah Tea Parlor may become my go to place for Dim Sum.
I give this place a solid 3.5 stars. 

I liked that I was able to order my dim sum all at once and not have to chase down a push cart to get something to eat. Everything we had was pretty good except for the chicken feet and the original egg roll. The chicken feet were a little too sweet for my taste and the egg roll was too greasy (and big). I think the biggest bonus about this place for me is that I can eat dim sum anytime during the day and not just for brunch. Since it's a little on the outskirts of Chinatown, parking was not a problem and the restaurant wasn't crowded at all. It's not the best I've ever had but a solid choice for dim sum.
Solid place for dim sum brunch. It's not the best quality dim sum, but you're in Philadelphia, so. It's probably the best dim sum in the area. Service can be slow or rushed, depending on how they're doing that day. Overall worth the trip.
Overall - I was disappointed.   Everything was good but nothing really outstanding.  The Original Egg Roll" was a just big eggroll.  The Shrimp & Snow Pea Leaf dumpling was beautiful but on the bland-side. The Pork Rice Noodle roll had a great flavor but the pork seemed to be 75% fat. The Turnip Cakes in XO sauce, again, was just good.

So before tip, with Pu-Ehr Tea and 1 beer, the bill came to around $40.  I'm not in any particular rush to return.
Nom Wah is a great for dim sum! We went for Sunday brunch, and there was only one other party there-- we definitely didn't need our reservation. We ordered a variety of items. Prices are similar to most other dim sum places (you can find these online) although choices lack compared to traditional Chinese restaurants. But there was nothing we were dying to have that they didn't serve. Everything we ordered was great! My only complaint was how long it took for everything to come out. Given how little people were in there that day and what we're used to at other dim sum establishments, the wait was definitely long.
Amazing dumplings and food. Only reason they lost a star was the service was terribly slow (food came out fast though!!) we loved ordering off the paper as it made communicating much easier. They forgot to bring out one of our dishes, but that was quickly fixed. Can't wait to go back and eat more dumplings! The shrimp dumplings were amazing!!
