Lovely spot - cool door, great staff, good beer. A little spendy but still worth it. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because the pizza comes out a little less hot than it should.  I get that you are busy, and those pizzas have to come op a flight of stairs. Still, I want it fu$&ing piping hot, yeah? That amazing artisan cheese should - almost - be hot enough to burn my mouth. Other than that, stellar.
Upgrade! 

I knew after the Elite Event at Nomad back in April that they were serving up some seriously tasty pies, but I waited to return on a regular night before going for the review update. After last night's meal, I'm convinced that Nomad's pizza is legit. 

We ordered a classic margherita, the spicy sausage and the spinach pies. All three were super flavorful, the ingredients bursting with goodness. 

The pizzas are now served with pizza cutters, which expedites the process of getting slices distributed. Our servers even offered to cut for us. 

The dessert list was expanded to include specials, though we opted for a strawberry mascarpone ice cream and a dark chocolate sorbet, both from The Bent Spoon in Princeton. The two were great on their own but even more delicious together.

I have other spots in Philly that are my favorite for pizza, but variety is the spice of life. I'm happy to switch things up every now and again; I'm kind of a pizza polygamist.
Soft and Chewy Pizza coupled with a delicious house salad.  I went here on New Years Day Night and was a bit tipsy, but let me tell you, everything was scrumptious and memorable!  The staff was super nice and unannoyed by our lethargic decision making skills.  We sat at the bar area and got to see how all the magic went down. 

I couldn't have been that tipsy because we ordered a house salad, and only rabbits eat salad while intoxicated.  Actually, rabbits also only eat pizza as well, so forget that. (Nat Geo,1988)


Nomad facts that I learned from my visit or stalking their website afterwards.
-organic
-green. Composting the ish out of everything!
-specials - bogo pizza nights and hh deals!
-food truck!

So...whatever frame of mind you're in, get to Nomad! I shall return to try more of the unique pies, as we played it safe with the simple, yet delicious Margherita.
A reasonable wait. A corner table. Three delicious pies. A great beer and cocktail selection. Two floors of pizza heaven. Seriously, I could end this review right there. I bookmarked Nomad forever ago and ended up taking my son and fiancé here tonight to celebrate my fiancé's acceptance to nursing school. Aye, nothing says here's to good health like some pizza! Our waitress was knowledgeable and friendly as was the rest of the staff. We ordered the pepperoni, sausage and margarita pizzas. The pepperoni pie was the table favorite with spicy sausage coming in second...delicious wood fire crust.  Try the nomad-ador cocktail with coconut tequila. You're welcome. I ordered the ricotta cheesecake to go because it sounded interesting. Overall nomad was a solid night out with the family. Bring the kids along; they'll be entertained by the retro cartoons on the big screen upstairs.
We came here when I was 10 months pregnant and our server took it on herself to point out any ingredients that might not be fetus-friendly, even going into the back and investigating which cheeses were pasteurized and safe for me to eat. 

The dough was just the right amount of crunchy yet chewy, and all of the ingredients tasted really fresh and flavorful. There are times when all you really want is a fancy pizza, and I'm so happy Nomad is now around the corner to fill that need when the mood strikes!
Place : nice cool chill spot . Cool place to grab pizza on a whim on a Wednesday night with the kiddos 

Food : I'm a huge pizza lover, pizza obsessed, pizza stalker. I love pizza! I've been hearing about nomad for a while and decided to try them. Now, I'm unsure if the folks telling me about this place rarely eat pizza or if they are just trying to be nice. The Margherita pizza was a let down. Dough too doughy it's like eating a side of Italian bread The base crust of the pizza was soggy, about 0-.5 basil on each slice, barely any sauce and the sauce didn't have much flavor, however the cheese was great.. Chewy, perfect salt balance, stringy, perfect cheese. Was not a fan of this place whatsoever. If you want good pizza, visit some local Italian authentic pizza such as 7th and Morris Pizza Place, Pizza Shack on 15th and Porter, Marra's Brick Oven on passyunk..etc. many other great pizza spots. This was a let down to me.. Bring back Lorenzo's for south street!!! Oh and very overpriced. For $13.00 you get a small six slice tasteless pizza, whereas places around the way you get a large yummy pizza for the same price.
On its opening weekend, Nomad Pizza made a pretty good impression, but there is room for improvements in the future. We were seated on the second floor, and it was pretty evident that they'll be doing movie nights, with a projector faced towards a large white-walled canvas. Nice!

Our server was great, and helped us order the appropriate amount of food for three people. We started with a round of drinks: the house white for me and Victory root beer for the guys. The root beer came out in frosty mugs and I was a little jealous, despite my nice glass of white. That root beer is worth every delicious calorie. 

We shared the blue cheese salad, with mixed greens and sweet pecans. It was nice! Personally, I think it would have really took off with some pears or even halved grapes in lieu of grape tomatoes. But either way, I'd definitely order it again. 

Three pizzas were delivered one after the other to our table. The margherita arrived first. When it was dropped off, I asked the runner if they had forgotten to cut the pie, and he said something about how they are serving pizzas in the authentic Italian style, meaning we are meant to cut our own. We each took to cutting up a pie with the knives that we had used for our salads. Hopefully, Nomad reconsiders this decision at some point. 

Out of the three pies, the margherita was surprisingly our least favorite. It was okay, but I think the basic concept of this pizza showed the flaws more than our fancier versions. The crust became soggy quickly and was exhaustively chewy. This was true for all of the pies, but the spicy sausage and the tartufo had so many great flavors in the toppings that it was less noticeable. 

Desserts were limited to a couple sorbets and a banana nutella pizza, which none of us were interested in at that point. I think some gelato or ice cream would be awesome. 

Again, this review was written on the third day of opening weekend. Nomad is a really nice spot for a first date, casual night out or cool place to grab a seat at the bar. I'm looking forward to seeing how they develop.
I used to really enjoy this place, but the last few times I've gone it seems to have turned into a day care center. This last time I went, a Friday night, there were children everywhere. Running around tables (bumping into me as I tried to eat), spilling drinks on the bar area floor, banging things on the tables. The parents obviously don't care enough to do anything about it, but the employees should at least ask them to get it under control. 

In addition to that, my Margherita pizza only had three pieces of basil on it. On the entire pizza. They also got rid of the best drink they had, the Moonshine Cherry Coke. Huge disappointment. I just wanted a pizza and a drink, not a headache.
All Killer, No Filler.
This spot is indeed a bright, shining beacon of truth in the ever-evolving, ever-improving Philly pizza scene. Get on board.

I just visited for the second time in two days, and I'm fixing to go back as soon as I dig up some more funds between my couch cushions.
What I love about it so much (aside from the pitch perfect food) is the fact that it's understated. It's an upscale menu, without the heavy-handedness that so often comes along with the territory.

I've tried about half of the pizzas as of this review. So far there's no filler. Every pizza has been meticulously planned out. Every flavor pairing intentional. Every topping deliberated over. Every salad a perfect accent.

I've eaten lots of wood-fired pizza in Philly over the past few years (any pizza fan knows that's the new thing around these parts), and so much of the time it's an 'emperor's new clothes' type of situation. People are easily wowed by a cool-looking oven, local produce, and a truffle pizza with a $19 price tag. But this place goes deeper. 

Nomad stands out with a quiet confidence that's attractive, welcoming, and downright fun. The owners are inviting, the staff is warm, and there's a movie theater upstairs. This place deserves all the praise it's undoubtedly on it's way to receiving.

Get with it.
The food was great and I'd like to eat here again, but the CDC side of me says stay away:

Excellent pizza.  
Fantastic roasted root vegetable salad.  
** DISTURBING LACK OF HYGIENE. **

Our waiter sat eating pizza in between serving us.  He had what looked like a herpes sore on his mouth and cut our pizza with dirty, unwashed looking hands, and an open blister on his thumb.  It was one of those moments where I should have said something but instead now wonder if I have contracted herpes.  By the time he brought us the check he had a band-aid on his hand.  Also, a staff person walked through the dining area with her hand submerged in a clear container of what looked like feta cheese, which she was mashing through her fingers as she walked.  Uuugh.  Just gross.
Cozy lil spot, outdoor seating, wine on tap! All good things, in my book. 

Arancini balls made a perfect bite to start, extra points for serving them with a small arugula side salad. #Greenz

Ended up spilling not one, but two beers (oops) during our stay, and our waiter swooped in to the rescue with a towel almost immediately both times. 

Green dream, margherita di bufala and quattro formaggi were perfect to split between four people. Ordered a side of red sauce for kicks- that was a wise decision.

Lastly, the chocolate coins that come with the bill. The icing on the cake of this very good, very fine meal.
C'mon, Nomad! I love your pizza. I really do. I could even somehow find a away to justify the automatic 20% tip (off of the net check BTW not the pre-tax amount) but for that kind of guaranteed cash your waiters had better bring their A-game,. But they simply don't. In case you were unaware you aren't located within the borders of a Socialist State. This isn't Communist Red China; this is America.  We pay for performance here but your waiter staff simply don't perform at the level necessitated by an automatic 20% tip. 

BTW I spent my formative years waiting tables, 25℅ is my minimum, except when I'm being exported. Then it just feels like you're being used. 

Oh, and watch out - Nomad sees fit to still include a tip line so the unsuspecting can toss in an additional 20%. 

Shane on you.  At least kiss me before you try to...
I've spent the last 6 months or so awaiting my first Nomad experience...waiting for the right person, time, and wherewithal to travel into the city to see what the hype was all about. All in all, it lived up to expectation and them some.

The Sweet and Spicy Sopressata Pie (topped with imported Italian tomatoes, local organic garlic, basil, oregano, fresh mozzarella, local spicy sopressata, organic olive oil, Parmiggiano-Reggiano, and drizzled with local honey) is exceptional. Its chewy and salty crust, well-seasoned sauce, oozing fresh mozzarella, and its huge discs of Soppresata, topped with a drizzle of--you'll never guess--honey, made for an explosion of flavor. The honey-sopressata combination is simply sublime. We opted for the "Roman" crust, thinner and crispier dough and were glad we did; the texture of the valleys and craters of the pillowy dough in each slice were glorious.

We also tried the Quattro Formaggi (mozzarella di bufala, grand cru, caciocavallo, organic parmesan, basil, caramelized onion, organic garlic, sea salt, and black pepper), which, in all fairness, didn't compare to the bold flavor of the other pizza. I also wish there were more caramelized onions.

The service was perfect. Our draft beers came right away, water refills were regular, and our pizzas were cooked fast and delivered bubbling hot; and were cut table-side.

Overall, we had a great dinner and I look forward to returning soon!
I was invited here for lunch with a big party last weekend. 

I was very impressed. First of all, they handled our group with no problem. Drinks were served promptly. Pizza came out quickly. I loved the service. 

Most importantly, I loved the pizza. I tried pepperoni and Margherita. The crust was perfectly crisped comined with a nice softness to the dough. Pepperoni was plentiful. I could easily eat two of them. 

Plus, draught root beer... bestill my heart! 

They're not quite Taconnelli's good in my opinion, but that's a really high bar. They do deserve at least top 5 in the city pizza status.
Marinara pizza is my favorite.  I've eaten here a few times and have always had a good experience, not to mention great pizza.
I only give Nomad two stars bc I love pizza. But that's it. This pizza is so undercooked it barely even stays together. This is my second time getting pizza here and it is exactly the same as last time. I live within blocks of this place and always wanted it to be good. It's not. 

It is overly expensive and not worth the money. Plus they advertise a buy one get one on Tuesday but fail to show that is dine in only. 

Overall, cold undercooked bland pizza. Don't waste  your time.
Nomad Pizza, I'm gonna tell you what I told our last neighbor, Horizons:  If you're upstairs in the joint, I can spy on you from my window down the street. Let that creep you out for a moment. 

The pizza-cookin' aromas on my street are enough to drive me quite mad. Instantly suddenly starving, they make me. The temptation always looms in the air. I don't walk by on the way home without thinking, "Hmm should we..? Wait no, dude, that one you really loved is like 18 bucks." It's true, having a nice wood-fired pizza place on your block tis a blessing and a curse... and a curse...

So to save any reader of this review a lot of time, I'll close this window into my own personal pizza turmoils and I'll tell say: I like what Nomad Pizza is doing.

I like that they use a variety of excellent, fresh, local products on their pies. Quality is there. I like their pizzas' thin, crispy-chewy, charred crusts. I like them especially as featured supporting the Spicy Sausage or the Arugula con Prosciutto pies. Those are my favorites so far. It's a tie. Sometimes I'd really like the crust a little crispier, but that's my thing. I like that Nomad has $4 beer craft beer specials, and that they hold chill events such as movie nights. Fun neighbors. "Welcome to the block, pizza neighbor," I say. Now can I borrow a cup of pizza? Or maybe boxes and boxes?
Given the dearth of decent pizza in Philadelphia, this place is pretty good. The crust is soft and pillowy, like you're eating pizza on poofy, chewy pita bread. Nice ratios of crust, sauce, and cheese. The margherita di buffala, supposedly with imported mozarella di buffala, was worth the extra $2 over the regular margherita: whether it's really from Italy or not, the cheese was delicious. The regular cheese is not bad; fresh mozzarella that comes in little dabs with a stretchy, tougher texture. The spicy sausage was also good, though the spicy sausage flavor mostly overwhelmed the rest of the pizza. However, it had a mild sweetness to it that was a nice touch. This one was good reheated the next day as well. 

Although I love beets, I wasn't super crazy about the root salad. The beets were sliced thin and were quite tough, not tender at all. The salad was decent, but I'd skip it next time. 

This place is bigger than it looks from the outside. If it looks crowded, don't worry - there's a whole second floor where they sometimes show movies. One warning though: almost everyone who works here is a hipster dude, so if you have an aversion to handlebar mustaches, fedoras, grungy hair, etc., avoid this place.
Having had a really rock solid Philly pizza experience at Zavino, I strolled into Nomad on a Saturday early afternoon with the bar already set pretty sky-high. Nomad Pizza Company met my already lofty expectations, and it's good to know that Zavino doesn't have a monopoly in this town on great pizza.

Star 1: How were the service and atmosphere?

A bit in contrast to Zavino's darker and more refined upscale vibe, Nomad is your classic pizza spot meets taphouse of sorts in what is a grittier part of Philadelphia. The servers are friendly, and seating abundant, and the experience a good one with the oven right there for all to see. Star Granted. 

Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?

At $16.00 for my Spicy Soppressata pizza, the price point at Nomad is almost identical to that of Zavino, where I paid $17.00 for a pizza that was almost the exactly the same size. Could I have eaten it all? I could have, but more reasonably this was a pizza that could comfortably serve two. Star Granted. 

Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?

This was some excellent pizza. The crust was flavorful and cooked to perfection, and while I was a tad bit peeved that the toppings came sliding off during my first bite, such is the nature of pizza these days. The Soppressata was spicy and flavorful and the basil and touch of honey added to the equation in a really good way. Dual Stars Granted. 

Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?

I couldn't give Zavino five stars because Nomad Pizza exists, and I can't give Nomad Pizza five stars because Zavino exists. Yin and Yang: balance with two excellent options. No Star Granted.
Came here on a Tuesday night with friends. Tuesday is buy-one-get-one-free! Buy any pizza, get a regular margarita for free! What a great deal. And the pizzas were delicious. 

My favorite was the truffle pizza... It was probably the best mushroom truffle pizza I ever had. Packed with flavor, you must love truffle to love this pizza! Yumm. 
I also loved the onion/arugula pizza, it had a delicious pesto sauce base and was drizzled with honey for a tad of sweet kick. Delicious! 
We also ordered a meat pizza with sausage and other types of meat, which I didn't try, but my friends loved it. 
Lastly the Prosciutto/arugula pizza was very good. And the free Margarita pizzas were delicious. 

Decent beer selection, and nice price of $4 for one beer 'of the day' which they chose. 

Great service. I also was surprised it was not packed for he Tues BOGO night. We added 2 additional people to our party at the last minute and they were very accommodating and fit us all no problem. 
My friends say this location is better than the center city/gayborhood location, so I'm glad i got to try the original for my first time. 
I'll definitely come back! Great pizzas. And great prices. Friendly staff, and no wait times. 5 stars.
Best pizza in the city (says me). Hotly debated title. This place has great dough and innovative toppings. I like my pies a little under-done with very little char and they abide. The wood fire smoke gives it great flavor without a burnt taste. Most memorable variety would be the sweet corn sauce pizza they had years ago probably had soppresatta on it. They are soppresatta obssessed which I'm into. I heard their place in Center City close so that is compelling me to go to the 7th Street original location very soon. We can't let great places disappear.
MY FAVORITE PIZZA. hands down. 

I have a long and loving relationship with Nomad Pizza. I've been eating here since it opened many years ago. My favorite has always been the Truffle Pecorino pizza, but a more recent favorite is the Shitake Mushroom one (But really, they both have mushrooms... I love mushrooms, what can I say?) The Spicy Sausage is good too, but can be a little oily. Honestly, I've never disliked a pizza from here. 

LOVEEE the Roasted Root Salad. They always offer this on the menu, but I have found it to differ slightly from year to year. 

They also have a great draft beer selection and happy hour specials throughout the week. 

Additionally, they are extremely family friendly and can accommodate a wide range of party sizes. However, I do recommend the seating upstairs better than downstairs. Downstairs has great views of outside and the street, but it is awfully cramped and the hostesses love seating parties uncomfortably close to one another. Upstairs lacks that view but you'll thank me in the end. 

Also IMO, this location is far superior than the Nomad Roman location. This location has a thicker, chewier dough/crust, while Nomad Roman has thin, not chewy crust. 

Let 7th St Nomad steal a pizza your heart
I'm not exactly sure how to review this place, because the pizza was incredible....the atmosphere not so much.

We decided to stop in because it looked like a nice spot to get good pizza and grab a beer. We were seated upstairs in the large family room, and had we had known that it was a family style arrangement, we probably would have gone elsewhere. However, that is probably our fault for choosing to stay.

The kids that were in the room (Friday night) were loud and rowdy, and both parents and wait staff did nothing. There was a little girl riding her scooter in the middle of the room, a little boy ran straight into a waitress carrying pizzas, and children were carrying on everywhere. I couldn't even have a conversation with my husband or hear the specials the waitress was reading off. Really, we should have just left.

However, we stuck it out and got the Marinara and Margherita pizzas....both of which are phenomenal. I wish they did take out, because I love the food, but would not go back just because the family style atmosphere is not for me. Or, we would just choose to sit downstairs or at the bar.

Edit - 11/26/18 - I need to give this place 5 stars because the pizza is the best around and I've been back a dozen times. I've taken to eating downstairs or at the little bar and have not had any problems with noise. The moral of the story is not to eat upstairs!
Food: 5
Decor: 4
Ambiance: 4.5
Service: 3
Value: 4

I have a new #1 pizza!!! My god, the buffalo margherita pizza was utterly amazing. This place actually has a nice atmosphere as well! All this time I thought this place was essentially a pizzeria, but it has a great dining room upstairs.
Greetings all! Well, I have finally tried the Nomad Pizza and was not disappointed.

Shiitake Mushroom Pizza - There pizzas are a thing of beauty. My favorite mushroom by far is the Shiitake Mushroom so it was a no brainer that I ordered the Shiitake Mushroom Pizza. This pizza comes with eight ingriedents on it along with there imported mozzeralla di bufala which is included on four of there twelve staple pizza offerings. I added jalapeños which I later regretted (the pizza has enough flavoring on it no need to add) and when I say I could eat an entire slice in one bite I was a little concerned ~ I have heard others mention there pizza could be quite addicting but whole slice one bite addicting, DANGER WILL ROBINSON!!

I am still in the midst of trying all highly regarded pizza places in the city and will attach a link to my recent Yelp Conversation thread which details many of them. Going back and forth to determine the best pizza on the planet I have decided it cannot be Soho style pizza. I will detail why in the next review as my next scheduled pizza spot I am going to on my pizza hit list is Square Pie this Sunday!

As always fellow yelpers SYOY!!!

https://www.yelp.com/topic/philadelphia-the-top-ten-best-pizza-places-in-philadelphia-area?ytl_=3f056e55ef7a4f3db2068fd0cf644c04&utm_medium=email&utm_source=topic_subscription_v2&utm_campaign=Jul-17-2020
I previously read an article on Yelp regarding the best pizza spots in Philadelphia that led me to discover this hidden gem in South Philly. None for their Nomad style pizza baked in a beautiful copper oven, this place well deserves 5 stars for their tasty pies. We had a split a Caesar salad and Spicy Soppressata pizza. The salad was the perfect ratio of dressing and romaine and very fresh. On to the pizza, OMG. I think I died and went to pizza heaven. It has to be. How could anything this heavenly be earthy? There's gods making it for that I'm certain. I've never had Soppressata before, but I figured anything of pork origin had to be a winner, right? So this pie had fresh Italian tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, basil, the most wonderful meat ever (Soppressata), oregano, basil, garlic, Parmesan, honey, and sea salt. I know right. The only thing better than the sound of this is the taste. It was just the prefect combination of flavors and the right amount of spicy. Even though my nose was running, I couldn't put it down. The atmosphere upstairs was romantic, with a nice bar accompanied by  Charlie Chaplain projections playing on the wall. Service was great, Ally was awesome and gave us the perfect piece of chocolate to end this awesome night. The bar has definitely been set for pizza.
Yummy yummy yummy, i've got pizza in my tummy. Pizza of the nomad variety that is. As if there is any other kind. Well, friends, once you go No' you'll never go to another pizza spot again. Their mushroom pizza is divine, perfect crust, good amount of sauciness and cheese, and oh, those mushrooms . Go there, now!
I would like to set the "horrible service" record straight...

I went to Nomad with my girlfriend a month or so after the Philadelphia Pizza Olympics, where she had received a coupon for a free pizza. We were a bit skeptical about actually getting a fresh, hot, full-sized pizza for free, so we called ahead and asked the size of the pizza. We were informed that the free pizza was the normal size, so we decided to drop in early one afternoon to try it out. 


The place is small, with an upstairs area I didn't see. We were greeted and told we could sit wherever we like. The waitress came by and dropped off 2 menus and told us what the beer special was that day. While we were discussing the options(which were fantastic) the waitress came over and told us a few of her favorites. We ended up having a mini-discussion about it, and at the end my girlfriend and I decided to go with the special. The waitress brought them over right away. 

Now for the food. 

The pizza menu is great, with lots of different options, all of which sounded delicious. We decided that since we had a coupon for a free pizza, we'd order two, still thinking the free pizza would be small. We got the Margherita di Bufala and the Spicy Sausage.

Though we could see the gentleman making the pizza, I was still shocked when the waitress brought out our pizza about 15 minutes later. They were both pretty big, and cooked totally fresh. They were outstanding. Both both pies had such tremendous flavor, you could literally taste every ingredient listed on the menu for each pizza. I was pretty blown away.

I told the waitress how impressed I was with the pizza, and she smiled and thanked me for the compliment. 

When we finished, we got the bill and I was again, shocked to see that they did honor the coupon entirely. 

Long story short, the food AND service were great. I think sometimes people feel as though when they go out to eat, their servers and those cooking the food for them are to read their minds and then act according to that person's expectations. This is not so. I went in and expected just a normal dining experience and received more. Just relax, remember that waitstaff aren't put on earth specifially for YOUR experience, and enjoy some delicious pizza.
Definitely a great spot to check out during Sips week in Philadelphia!

If you are planning in advance, I would suggest making a reservation just in case the place is packed around five or 6 PM. There are plenty of seating choices though, including the main dining area, the bar, and where I sat, the pizza making station. Actually, that is a really fun place to sit with company to because you can see how the pizza is made... In case you're running out of conversation topics.

 The service was a bit to be desired though. Although we were seatedcome and water was brought to our table so quickly, once our food arrived we were not given plates, napkins, or utensils. It was only until an employee saw it and brought it to us. I had gotten up from my seat to get napkins.

In terms of the food, we got a sopressitoand a margarita pizza. The margarita pizza could've been cheesier, but was still delicious. The soppresito though was definitely be highly. The honey drizzle on top was a great contrast to the salty notes of the pizza.

Would definitely come back!
So I never write updates for reviews, but I am so in love with this place I just had to write more. Since my initial visit  a few months ago, I have returned many, many times. I probably come here close to once a week or every other week, and sometimes even twice in one week. In fact, if I had remembered to check in each time I was here, I have no doubt that I would be the Duke of Nomad. You might be thinking "but it's just pizza!" Well, I've tried every pizza on the menu except for one. The tartufo and spicy soppressata pizzas are THE HOLY GRAIL of pizza, with the spicy sausage, quattro formaggio and prosciutto and arugula not far behind. The dark haired female server is super down to earth, relaxed and approachable while still providing great service. And they play 90's songs, which will win me over at any establishment. And there's always a good craft beer on special for $4. I have introduced several friends to this place and they all end up falling in love with it as well. Keep up the good work Nomad!
I'm really impressed with Nomad. Tonight was fantastic: I was in and out of there with a fantastic to-go order in two shakes of a pizza's tail. Like, mere minutes.

Their product is excellent, the environment is very pleasant, they've got late hours, and a personal thing: there's none of that BYO BS -- they've got a full wine selection. 

(It remains totally mysterious to me why locals love the BYO, when the wine you can buy from the state stores is a literal abomination. Not to mention, am I supposed to be carrying around a wine bottle just in case the mood strikes? Ridiculous concept.)

Anyway back on point: the soppresata pizza's king, the shitake is subtle and fantastic, and the root vegetable salad of beet and carrot is a giant smiling emoticon of yum. 

They even have regular thrilling movie nights!

My one beef, and it's small: I haven't seen anything chocolate on the dessert menu. After a nice neopolitan pizza and a glass of Cab, my soul needs chocolate.

PS I've seen a review or two citing soggy pizza middles. I have not experienced that -at all. It's definitely the fatal flaw of Barbuzzo's far inferior pizza, but for me anyway, a total non-issue here.
Nomad Pizza for lunch today was a solid three stars.

I like the space. In theory the long communal table is cool, but it meant having to move down to make space for another group and having to listen to a guy two seats down actually singing along with the song out loud at full volume.

The bf got the River Horse Hop Hazard beer on special and really liked it, and $4 is a good price. We started with the blue cheese salad which had ample blue cheese, roasted pears, pecans, dried cranberries and a vinaigrette. It was delicious and big enough to share. Definitely a standout.

The pizza just wasn't my jam. We got the margherita and it was typical brick oven style: crispy blackened crust and a very thin, almost soggy middle. The size is good to split for two, but with that thin, airy crust I was left feeling slightly less than full. Also our pizza took like 30+ minutes.

Overall I like the local/organic focus, the salad was killer and I like the simplicity of the space. I'd be willing to try one of their specialty pizzas to see if I'd change my mind, but then again maybe it's my fault for not being too keen on brick oven pizza.
When I mentioned to a friend that I usually don't love the pizza in Philly, she proposed we try Nomad. The upstairs space is a bit distracting between the noise level and the silent films playing across the wall, so it's hard for larger groups to have a conversation here. We shared the Caesar Salad (tasty, with a nice distribution of dressing throughout the wedge) and the Arugula Salad (light). Then we split 3 pizzas among 5 girls: Margherita di Bufala (delicious - my favorite of the 3), Arugula con Prosciutto (good flavor), and the Truffle Pecorino (a little too heavy for my taste between the truffle, cheese, and egg). After my meal, I can say that Nomad is definitely among the better pizza spots that I've had in Philly.
The pizza here is amazing. The dough is what really makes it. I've tried their vegan marinara, truffle peccorino, and bufala...The bufala was definitely my favorite. The truffle one was good, but there definitely a lot of flavors going on at once. Their vegan marinara has a nice little spicy kick. They dont take reservations unless you have a party of 6 or more and there was a 40 minute wait on the weekend. So we ended up doing take out and they were ready on time. Love this place. Parking can be a little tricky in this area.
Yummmmm!

My friend suggested we try Nomad for a night in of pizza, beer, and a movie. The walk seemed like it took forever but it was worth the wait for me. We got there and I wanted to try EVERYTHING! Unfortunately, neither my budget or my belly would allow for this. 

We ended up getting the spicy sausage with broccoli rabe (it was a special that night) and the truffle pizza. We got both with the thin crust. 

While we were waiting we had a beer. The the best part was that the beer we wanted was on special and only $4!! Score! 

It didn't take very long for the pizza to come out and I could hardly wait to take a bite! It looked so amazing, especially the truffle pizza with the fried egg on top. 

When we finally got to the house it was go time. We opened up the boxes and dove in. The beautiful runny egg and the truffles, ahhh what a combination. It was divine! But who can go wrong with truffles and a fried egg? The real test...was the spicy sausage...and I was pleasantly surprised. The spice wasn't overpowering and the broccoli rabe added that green touch to make you feel like you were eating something that was healthy. I hate to say it but it was love at first bite and I cannot wait to go back and try some of their other delicious pizza!
As a passionate foodie, I consider pizza as a very basic dish and usually am not terribly impressed by it. Maybe it's the pizza parties we get as kids where we get cheap, mediocre slices. Perhaps I was surrounded by cheap pizza from being from NYC. But Nomad Pizza changed that perspective for me and whet my foodie appetite. I came here on a Wednesday afternoon in time for happy hour with a friend to order some white wine for $4 a glass, arancini (fried risotto balls of amazingness), and $10 happy hour pizzas (cheese, margarita, and pepperoni are the options). 

Goodness, I love the outside crust of pizza but never truly cared for thick centers and at Nomad Pizza, they have just that. A nice sized outside with really great ingredients and a super thin inside. I'd never thought I would rave about pizza as much as I do. But kudos, you made me a pizza believer :]
My first experience with Nomad pizza was rather solid.  We ended up doing two pies to go and we chose the Spicy Sausage and the one with the truffle and fried egg.  Damn am I a sucker for a fried egg on anything.

Since we walked in and ordered, we had about a 15 minute wait.  We decided to rough it by chilling at the awesome bar upstairs.  I opted for a glass of wine while I waited.  They had Prima Pils on special for 4 bucks.  Pretty awesome.  I wish I didn't give up beer for lent.

Sure enough, in about 15 minutes the dude at the front walked up and informed us that our pies were ready.  Happily I payed the tab and we collected our pies to go.  I noticed two different size boxes and it must have been because we chose "Roman style" for the crust on the sausage pie.  It seemed to me that the dough was just rolled to a larger surface area which gave the pie a thinner feel and made it more crispy.

The pies themselves were awesome.  Really thin crust on both (moreso on the sausage).  The truffle pie was rather amazing and the egg easily withstood the 5 minute walk home.  The sausage pie really was also delicious with the fennel from the Renaissance sausage really being a dominant flavor.

My main complaint was that I had to cut the pie myself.  Other reviewers have noted that their pies were not cut either and alluding to the pie being "italian style."  During my travels in Italy, our pizza was always cut.  Now, perhaps I only ate at touristy spots or all pies are cut in Rome because it's such a highly traveled city.  I've also not been to Naples so perhaps there is something I don't know.  Either way, it was a tasty pie and I will definitely be back for more.
I was arriving as Michelle C was leaving. I could tell by the look on her face that Nomad was going to get a three-star review. After my meal with a party of four, I'd have to agree.

I've been a HUGE fan of Nomad's pizza truck since trying them out at nearly all of the Night Markets and at the Pizza Olympics. Crispy, firey, flavorful. My favorite kind of pie. I have been eagerly awaiting the arrival of Nomad's restaurant.

Our party of four split a bottle of wine ($25), the special roasted root veggie salad ($10, ultimately too small to share amongst four, but we made it work), and three pizzas: margherita ($12), spinach ($16) and tartufo ($18). It was an appropriate amount of food for sure.

We were under the impression that the spinach would be a red pizza because "Cherry Roma" was in the menu description. We were wrong-- that's just the name of a farm where Nomad sources some of their local veggies. Oh well. So we had two white pies and one red. White people problems at its finest.

Everyone had a different favorite. The spinach was heavy on the garlic, which I enjoyed. The tartufo was oily and rich (I think Barbuzzo does it better). The margherita simply could not live up to the pie I fell in love with at the truck. The crust, chewy and addictive, lacked the crispness I had remembered.

The inside of Nomad is nearly identical to the layout of Horizons, which used to occupy the space on 7th and South. The stairs were the same. How did I know? They were well-worn and looked years old. Thought that was a tad strange. Why wouldn't Nomad replace them to complete their new digs?
I love Nomad pizza! I have never been able to find pizza in the States that rivaled my favorite pizza places in Italy, but Nomads might even BEAT them. Their style is traditional to a T. The pizza is chewy with a bit of crisp around the crust, so much so that it's impossible to eat with your hands until you're munching away at the crust. The ingredients are thrown on, but in the right way so you get a bunch on every slice. 

It's too bad though that the people in Philly just don't get all of the quirks that everyone in the Hopewell location love. Cherry Grove is an awesome farm, and a pizza is rightfully named after it. Also, at the Hopewell location, you get mini pizza cutters for your pie- perhaps they hadn't gotten them in Philly yet?

Additionally, you're all lucky to be getting such fine treatment at the Philly location. Like a true Italian pizzeria, Nomad in Hopewell doesn't offer any desert at all.



Bottom line: if you want to know exactly what it's like to eat pizza from Italy you only have to go as far as Philadelphia to find it. But don't thrown off when you're confronted with little quirks- like cutting your own pie, and having to walk around a bit to find that perfect desert! An authentic pizzeria is supposed to make delicious pizza, not sweets!
Growing up, Friday night was Pizza Night. As an adult, the tradition lives on. Nomad Pizza is definitely an upgrade from my childhood pizza night but can use some improvement to bring it to the level of a 4- or 5-star experience. 

Our server stopped by and took drink orders pretty quickly... 1 Anchor Steam, a bargain at $4, and a water. For some reason, after the initial order service seemed pretty slow. It took a really long time for that initial beer to arrive. When it did, the server dropped it off and left without a word, not even asking us if we were ready to order (we were). It wasn't crazy busy so I am not sure what was going on but I digress. 

He returned about 5 minutes later and we ordered the Spicy Sopressatta and a Shiitake Mushroom pizzas. When they arrived they were pretty good. I could have used a spicy-er sopressatta, an issue that could have been rectified with some red pepper flakes had I only been able to flag down my server. The mushroom was good (but even better cold the next day). The crust on the pizzas were great though. Perfect chew/crunch. Sauce was good and I would definitely come back to try some others. 

Overall, an "okay" experience with room for improvement. Maybe next time...
My friend and I had meant to go to another restaurant, but it was closed! Luckily, we came over to Nomad's and were not disappointed! We had a spicy sausage pizza and the dough was so yummy and chewy. And the pizza was just spicy enough that it spicy but not intolerable. We also had fried risotto balls which were very good and served with an arugula salad and marinara dipping sauce. The arugula salad was too salty to my taste, but everything else was very delicious.
Nomad has wonderful pizza. You have to go at happy hour though. Their happy hour is unbeatable for pizza. 5 to 7 dollar personal pizza with great quality ingredients and 5 dollar wine or beer. A great place to actually go out to dinner and get a drinks and 2 pizza for just twenty bucks. The trenton tomato is delicious but you can't go wrong with any of their offerings.
From what I can remember, Nomad Pizza was the shop to pop my cherry on the idea of artisan pizza.

Growing up, I was really accustomed to a plain cheese pizza, nothing more - nothing less. So I developed a habit of steering away from speciality pizzas, let alone thin crust/brick oven/specialty flavor pizzas.

Then along came Nomad, and it changed everything for me. To me, their pizza's are 5 star. Super casual environment, with a really adventurous menu. They have pies that range from sweet, to spicy, to savory, and so on. You can taste how fresh their dough, vegetables, meats, etc. are! Seriously, it makes a difference.

Our favorite pie is the truffle pecorino - it has crazy depth in its flavor profile, balancing the saltiness of the cheese and mushrooms, with the nutty and earthy flavor of the truffle. I would recommend pairing this with a pie that has red sauce just so you can leave with a wholesome experience.
I highly recommend the spicy sopresata pizza. The honey is so good. We had the meatball appetizer, it came with pasta but both the meatballs and pasta were both pretty plain. Decent wine selection. Good service. Outdoor seating.
I went during happy hour on two-for-one Tuesday. The pizza was fine, but I was a bit surprised when I received the bill and saw that they had applied an automatic 20% gratuity to the pre-discounted total. I spent $25 on two pizzas and two drinks, but the mandatory gratuity was $8.80. You may think this is perfectly fair, or you may think that this is highway robbery, but for me it was mostly an unpleasant surprise.
What can I say I'm a sucker for the wood-fired artisan pizza trend and it is my mission to try every place in the city.  So far Nomad tops the others, I won't name names and embarrass anyone...
Its a cute little spot and you can sit upstairs, downstairs at the communal table or outside a high top. They also do Sunday night movies upstairs which looks like a lot of fun. The service is always great and super friendly and all special requests have always been followed without issues.  
The pizza - just perfect rustic crusty pizzas, large enough for two people to share one, but not too big that you can't order your own or multiple to share.  They are generous with the toppings and everything is so fresh.  Favorites include the margherita di bufala simple but oh so good, truffle which comes with an egg and is so unexpectedly amazing and by far my favorite, and the arugula con prosciutto.  But honestly you can't go wrong and they always have one or to specials.  
The others - the salads are fresh and huge definitely don't order your own if you're going to eat pizza, and I'm seriously judging you if you come here and don't eat the pizza. Both the arancini and the meatballs are very good,but I'd save room for more pizza over ordering either unless you're really craving some meat balls. Great beer and wine selection. Great happy hour.
This review is for the Nomad pizza truck.

I stopped by the Nomad pizza truck while at Blocktoberfest over the weekend.  The truck is pretty cool- the have a brick oven built into the truck.  The pizza is thin crust and delicious.  They only had 2 choices though- pepperoni and plain, but the pepperoni was awesome.  I felt like it could have been in the oven for a tiny bit longer since the crust was slightly 'doughy', but overall it was pretty good.
As a big fan of the Nomad Roman on Locust Street, I was looking forward to visiting this 7th Street outpost, and was not disappointed. This is the Neopolitan style pizza (not the Roman style of the other location), and they do it excellently. Very similar menu to the other pizzeria, and similar if not identical draft beer list. An excellent one. What I liked was that on a Tuesday evening, the place was not crowded, and did not have the frenetic energy of the other location. The wait staff also provides superb service. Unlike Roman, however, they apparently do not have a cappuccino machine, but they serve French press coffee. Ours coffee was not prepared properly, so we brought that to the attention of the staff, and they immediately replaced it, with copious apologies. Our waiter then offered to comp an additional coffee or dessert for us,  but we were totally sated and happy.
The. Best. Pizza. Period. Order the Truffle Pecorino and bask in the deliciousness. I'm drooling just thinking about it.
Here's a gimmick that will win me over every time: drizzled honey on a hot, steaming pizza pie.

Nomad got the memo and our decision couldn't have been easier - the Spicy Soppressata. There's just something about mixing sausage grease and zesty garlic with sweet honey that speaks to me. I mean, the milky fresh mozzarella and soft, yet slightly charred dough certainly never hurt either, but that's to be expected on most pies of this caliber. Even though Nomad's pizza could be considered Neapolitan "wet", ironically, the tomato sauce was noticeably still too thin and watery. Other than that, this Spicy Soppressata pick was excellent. 

Our waitress assured us that their pizzas were single-serve, but I'm tellin' you, that's aggressive. Even the most ambitious of eaters at our group dinner reluctantly had leftovers. I split the pie with my wife, after ordering a special salad to share as well, and that seemed to be perfect for us. It was a Woodfired Roasted Corn Salad, employing oranges, avocado, cherry tomatoes, shallots, jalapeños, and fava beans - a nice, refreshing, summery teaser before our spicy, sausage-y main course.

Also refreshing and recommended, if available, is their special Spiked Shandy Beer Cocktail. Nomad's take on the ale and lemonade favorite uses St. Germaine, tequila, (you guessed it) honey, and (you probably didn't guess it) honey-flavored Shawnee Apiarius beer. Despite this onslaught of alcohols, it was decidedly smooth.

Now, I know it's summer and sometimes it's nice to keep all the doors open to catch a breeze, but Nomad was hot as balls inside - hotter than outside given how central the wood-burning store is to the dining room. I think you can see by my praise for everything we ate that we eventually got over it, but it's still something worth noting if you're prone to the meat sweats (or even the regular sweats). Again, as for hot honey on a hot sausage pie? Well, that's some heat I can handle.
Not really sure where to even begin with this, but it was incredibly disappointing. I'll admit that my expectations were pretty high because friends had shared how much they loved this place, but it barely passed the minimum bar of what pizza should be. I would expect that paying $15+ for about a 10 inch pizza that it would be pretty remarkable, but this was far from that. 

I ordered takeout for myself and just got the Spicy Sausage Pizza and Arancini Balls. 

To start, it was hard to tell if the arancini balls were made of risotto or chunky mashed potatoes. Not to mention I only got two. So you're essentially paying $5 a pop for some pretty mediocre fried balls, and it's pretty hard to mess up fried food. The marinara that came with it is hardly what I would call marinara and more closely resembled a tomato water. 

Next, the pizza, or essentially bread, that I got was neither spicy, had any meat or cheese, and looks like it was thrown together by my 5 year old niece. The sausage, if you could find any, was so minuscule that I wasn't sure there was any on there at all. The sauce didn't even reach the rim. There were a few random pieces of basil along with clumps of caramelized onions. Of course I love greasy NY style pizza, but this was not greasy but just straight up soggy and lacking any flavor. Not sure what I paid $16 for, but this was not what I was expecting. 

They seemed pretty busy, but it's pizza, so I have little sympathy for messing up a fairly simple cuisine. I'm fine paying a good amount of money for amazing pizza with great ingredients, but it's hard to say they used any ingredients at all. 

Maybe just an off night and maybe it's better when you dine in. But idk about this place. It really takes a lot to motivate me to write a negative review, if a review at all. However, this meal was pretty appalling.
Two-For Tues! Are you kidding me?!?!!? Buy one get one free on Tuesdays. Plus great beer specials. And who knew...awesome cocktails! 

Staff is always friendly. The pizza is INSANE. During the week, the neighbors tend to do take-out; so please do the staff a favor and GO EAT THERE!

The upstairs vibe is cool; kinda weird. Old black and white movies and videos showing while a separate musical soundtrack plays. Downstairs is chill casual. Busier on-the-street vibe with open windows and outside seating. 

Pizzas are just perfect to eat there (I've done take out many times). Get'em and eat'em while steaming hot. YUM!
Pizza Crush.com
Loved the EE at nomad we had last year and now that i live relatively close enjoying one of these hand crafted pies is not a challenge. 
Came here a few weeks back and we split the pasta with cream sauce dish and the four cheese truffle pie special. Both were very good. Truffle anything is right up my alley (ALWAYS) and some places do it justice others use it all wrong. The pasta dish was actually really good and if it were on the menu id order it again. The creamy sauce stood up to the fresh made pasta. I had to stop myself from eating to much so id have room for the pizza. The crust left something to be desired ( a little chewy for my taste) but flavorful and topped appropriately with cheese and sauce, i truly was a good balance. Id go back sooner than later
Nomad Pizza Company is the perfect spot for a casual meal and good gourmet pizza. 

My party of four dined here on New Year's Eve and had a good experience. I called ahead to confirm that they wouldn't have any unwanted holiday prix fixe menu. While they wouldn't take a reservation for such a small group, the person I spoke with guessed we wouldn't have a problem getting a table. He was correct and we were able to sit right down when we arrived around 9-ish. 

First and foremost in importance, the pizza was great. My husband and I split the Arugula con Prosciutto. It was the perfect size for sharing when we were looking for a filling, but not stuffing base before a night of drinking. If you are really hungry, I'd probably recommend getting your own pie (with expectations of leftovers) or a pie plus an appetizer or two to split. The crust was thin but the dough was full. The arugula was fresh and the prosciutto was plentiful. I would not hesitate to order this pie again, and it left me intrigued to try some of the other options. 

I was drinking wine that evening so went with a glass of pinot grigio, but their craft beer draft selection was pretty good. They even had a beer special- $4 for a Long Trail Sick Day IPA.  That's a sick deal, but it's even sicker that they still offered this deal on a holiday! 

We had a little trouble understanding our server's accent so we didn't have too much interaction with him aside from the basics. He seemed nice and the whole meal went smoothly so that's fine by me. 

I did find it a little odd that they had the fans on in the upstairs dining room. It was a chilly night and it made the room a little drafty. Also, the restaurant wasn't super crowded but they insisted on seating all the tables right next to each other. I understand this was based on server zoning, but everyone was right on top of each other and had to reshuffle outerwear when a new group was seated. 

All and all, I'm happy with my experience and look forward to going back again.
Five stars for outfitting a truck with a wood burning brick oven! This truck was a highlight of South Street's Night Market. The high powered oven churned out margarita and pepperoni pizzas, keeping the line moving faster than most. 

At $5 for a half margarita (4 small slices) it was a great deal. Nomad's crust was nice and bubbly, and the thin pie had both crunch and chew to it. Add to that fresh mozzarella, basil, and a tangy tomato sauce and I'm sold as a returning customer.
I am delighted to have Nomad join the many other restaurants in the area - I live 1/2 block away and stopped in yesterday on their first night open. Lots of servers in black shirts running around. The crowd upstairs was noisy and mostly in their 20's - no problem however. We moved from our first table under a window since cold air was descending on our heads - the whole room was a little chilly. Service was great - attentive and fast. The wine glasses are like Mom's juice glasses - no stems.  We would have preferrred sitting downstairs near the warm brick oven since it was a cold night but the place was very busy on the first floor . Anyway, no complaints about the food - we got the spinich pizza  - it was so tasty. A little salty for my companion but I assume thats from the two cheeses. The crust was a bit doughy not crisp but I like it that way.  Prices were very good I thought - $16 for the 12" pizza - enough for two - and $6 each for glasses of Pino Grigio. We skipped appetizers figuring the pizza would be filling - it was.   I will be back soon. The menu is limited with maybe 8 different types of pizza versus 20 or so around the corner at La Fourno. Maybe they can gradually expand the selection.
Let's start with this:
I think truffle oil is overused. 
It's aromatic and rich and earthy, and it's an easy way to class up a dish. As someone who eats out a lot I've noticed that truffle oil is almost always a cheat - a way to save an otherwise mediocre dish.
Nomads' Truffle Pecorino pizza is a reminder of how good truffle can be when it's used right. the dish is balanced and complex and spot on.
The crust has a crispness and depth of flavor that reminds me of a fermented sourdough, the sauce is flavorful, not sloppy or over-sweet, the mushrooms are fresh, and the egg... oh, the egg!
When you add a great beer selection (with a rotating "special" for an incredible price), full view pizza ovens, never a wait, and some of the best service in the city, it's no wonder this place has become the go-to casual dining spot in Bella Vista.
There is a spacious room upstairs for dining in. It's a BYOB restaurant, Hale and True Cider is across the restaurant, so convenient for having a nice dinner. Our server was very friendly. We started salad. The portion was big so it's shareable. 

They have gluten-free pizza to accommodate those with special dietary needs. It tasted like flat bread. The regular pizza is pretty good, the crust wasn't too thick so it wasn't a heavy meal.
Yum!

A fluffy, bubbly, charred crust and simple toppings are the key to a pizza my heart (yes, I am corny).

We had the cherry heat pizza, Caesar salad, arugula salad, and meatballs. The meatballs were really just three small-ish meatballs sitting on a pile of rigatoni; it was fine and edible, but I was kind of hoping for giant, globe-sized meatballs so I was slightly disappointed. The salads were great, especially the arugula salad which was topped with creamy goat cheese and lightly dressed with a bright lemon-thyme dressing. The pizza was fantastic. The crust was crisp and chewy and the ratio of toppings to dough was spot on.
I'm absolutely in love this this place! My experience here was outstanding, and I can't wait to come back!!

Walk in, and smell the wood-fired pizza oven. Take in the cute, small atmosphere and the rustic decor around you. Then, spy on the guys makin' your pizza. That is some fine pizza makin' skills, boys and girls. Fresh ingredients! Crispy, bubbly crusts! Mmm...

We sampled the pepperoni and the margarita pies. Both were simple yet complex in flavor, delicious, and dare I say--PERFECT. The pepperoni are these huge colossal pepperoni, not your old skool 1in round from a plastic bag in the refrigerated section variety. Oh and they are perfectly crisp along the edges in the exact way that they should be.

The caesar salad--yes it is just a caesar salad, but it was so, so perfect. The dressing was scrumptious, pretty confident that it's homemade. It has all that anchovy, tart, salty flavor to it that it needs. Served on top of a crispy crouton of flat bread, with a few meaty anchovies on top. Folks, this was a caesar salad to rave about. And I just did that, so, you're welcome.

I ordered take out, and was impressed that this feast was ready for me in 15 minutes. I can't wait to come back here, dine in, and have some bevvies in the adorable dining room. 
Pro-tip: Pizzas are about 12". 1 pizza is not going to be enough for 2 people. Get at least 1 pie per person, share, and take home leftovers if you must. You're not going to be able to stop yourself from eating most of it right then and there, anyway.
SOOOOO GOOOOD!!!!!!  Man, there is something to be said about wood-fired ovens. I have come to realize what that je nais se quois about my favorite pies is, and it is the oven. And the crust. And the toppings. Nomad scores a perfect 11 in my book. As the 315th person to review this place, there is not much else to say that has not been revealed on Yelp, so I will stop here. But please dine here/take out and be prepared for ecstasy.

FYI - Tuesdays are 2-for-1 pies!
A few things to add to the praise:

1. Spicy Sorpressata - A++++ 
2. Good beer.
3. $6 glasses of house wine (good pours too!)
4. Outdoor seating!
5. You can get a drink across the street and they'll call you when your table is ready!
6. Arancini balls were good too.
7. They do movie nights upstairs! 
8. There's actually a bunch more tables upstairs. It's not just what you see from the street level.
9. Kid friendly if that's your thing.
We've been on a Neapolitan pizza quest and decided to try Nomad. It did not disappoint. We ordered the meatballs & arugula salad for starters. The meatballs were so tasty- great blend of cheese, meat & spices in a delicious gravy. We ordered 3 pies: margherita, pepperoni & truffle pecorino. For all of them we got a pillowy, charred crust with the right amount of chew. The pepperoni was thick-cut & flavorful. The margherita was a great balance of basil, fresh mozzarella & delicious tomato. The truffle pecorino was absolutely heavenly!! An egg was broken over it tableside and its richness was a perfect match for the truffle oil & pecorino with lots of mushrooms to boot. The service was top-notch and I loved the Bulleit bourbon/Two Hearted Ale Shandy that accompanied my meal. We'll definitely be back!!!
After frequenting Hale & True, I finally found myself getting a pizza from Nomad (but also eating it at Hale & True, which I love the collaboration between the two!) I had the nduja and a slice of the quattro formaggio. I enjoyed both and appreciate the wide variety in flavors of pizza that they serve. The crust is light, crisp, blistery, and well charred. I can see myself going here more often, though it is a little above the price for me to comfortably go to often.
I was a bit underwhelmed with Nomad.  The arugula salad I started with had the makings of something great, but it lacked flavor and ingredients - it was literally a pile of arugula on a plate.  The shiitake mushroom pie was pretty good, though it could have used a few more minutes in the oven.  It was an early Saturday evening dinner, so there were not too many patrons, but the service was poor.  I will say their wine and beer list are pretty awesome.  Maybe I just came on an off night, or maybe my expectations were set so high by the awesome photos on Yelp.  Give it ago.
Dear Pizza,

You've been a big & delicious part of my life for so long now. We've been inseparable ever since the day we met & you have never let me down. I always think of you when I'm hungry & you have always been there for me. Our date at Nomad's made me realize how grateful I am to have you. The Truffle Pecorino & Margherita outfit you had on that night was mouthwatering. Every bite was heavenly & I was blown away by how appetizing you are. Thank you for always satisfying my palate, & most importantly, thank you for being you. I look forward to spending the rest of our lives together, one bite at a time. My love for you will "go onnnnnnn" (Celine Dion voice). 

Love,

Ling
At their location, they have to be pretty impressive to get me to come here instead of to Blackbird or places that have vegan cheese ... but I just love Nomad! The atmosphere is very nice and great for going out with friends. They have great beer around, the root salad is awesome, and even though there's no vegan cheese, I'm in love with ordering a cheeseless pizza here because the sauce is so flavorful and with a great crust. I'm sure it's even better if you actually eat cheese/meat! When we went last week, my vegetarian friends loved the truffle pizza.
I live two blocks from Nomad and enjoy their pizza. This rating is based on the service. 

The past two times I have been there, I had the same server. He had such bad body odor that it made my family feel like not eating when the food arrived. The first time that happened, I figured it wasn't a normal occurrence. However, I went last week and he still smelled awful. When you work in a food establishment, you need to shower or at least wear some type of deodorant. I had to hold my breath when he came to the table and tried to talk to him the bare minimum, so he wouldn't linger near the food. I will be getting my pizza to go from now on.
We keep coming back for this wonderful pizza. Never disappoints and service is great. Something for everyone. Want to try more pizzas.
I want to preface this review by acknowledging that this is during COVID-19 and I understand that maybe not every meal out of a restaurant comes out at equal quality.

Having said that, I was looking forward to this because the food looks so good in the pictures, but this was honestly the most disappointing take-out I've ever had in Philly. We ordered the spicy soppressata and shiitake mushrooms. The pizzas were room temperature and flimsy, undercooked. The sauce was very sweet, and the soppressata was pinkish greyish thicker slices rather than red thin slices as seen in all the other pictures. 

I was excited for this but knowing all the other good pizza here that we could've eaten for a fun Friday movie night, I was very sad and let down after eating this.
Giving this a solid 3 1/2-4 for the Guanciale/Fig pizza alone. That is to dieeeee for and the crust held up nice. However, the Bufalo mozzarella margherita was aight, but so flimsy that it had to be folded in half in order to eat it. Takeout was pretty busy so make sure you order well in advance of 6:30-7, as their online ordering indicates. I would say prices are way high for what's essentially a really small personal pizza but I probably will still order from here again (but my heart is still with Birra.)
A haiku for the waitress who served me on Saturday.

A Pleasant Surprise
Face like that of an Angel
You get a good tip

Seriously, best pizza I've had, got the spinach, in the greater philadelphia area easily. And wait staff was bustin their humps but provided excellent speedy service. The personal size pizza was a perfect size for me and left me completely full and satisfied. They also had beers on tap, none of which I tried because I was about to go get my neck pierced at Infinite, Alcohol=Blood thinner. This place and Ishkabibbles can take my money all they want. For realzy though waitress, next time I come in there I'm probably gonna try and get ur number, i'm just sayin.
Nomad is a great addition to the neighborhood.  We went last night for the first time on a movie night.  We opted not to see the movie, but still neat to have the option.  Downstairs, the tables are communal, so be prepared for that.  We were a party of four and shared three pizzas and a salad.  I honestly think it was a bit too much food, and we would have been totally fine with two pizzas and a salad.  

We started with the burrata salad which was a special.  I enjoy anything that includes the word burrata, so I was pleased with this.  We had the spicy sausage and tartufo pizzas.  These were both quite good, except I wish the egg had been runnier on the tartufo.  I was also thinking this morning that the uovo pizza at Barbuzzo is less expensive than the tartufo . . . but I digress.  The beer list is also pretty solid.  I was thinking that this would be a great place for a group, good for the pickiest of eaters, and the borderline food snobs.  

For a party of four, we left full with an 80.00 tab (including tip).  Not too bad for an enjoyable dinner and a movie . . . .in fact probably less than going to the movie theater and buying snacks!
The beet salad here is good the   salads are good pizza of course is excellent. My hubby says the root beer here is all that. It is family-friendly and couple friendly atmosphere is great and is always silent movie or something going on upstairs
I had the truffle and spicy sausge pizza. The truffle one was unique but weird tasting. The spicy sausage was amazing. Went on a saturday evening. Sat outdoors. Quick friendly service.
The stars are for food only.  I was in a party of 6 + a toddler who arrived on a Friday night with a reservation.  The upstairs was about half filled when we arrived.  Our waitress came to take our order and we asked about the size of the pizza.  She suggested that we order 1 app and 1 pizza per couple.  So my husband and I did just that.  She took the orders but did not write anything down.  While waiting for food, two members did not receive their ordered drinks and had to remind the waitress.  The waters were only refilled once, when we had to request after several of us had already finished the glass.  Then when dinner came a different server delivered the pizzas to us but our ordered pizza was not part of his delivery.  Turns out the waitress put the wrong order in. So we had to wait for another pizza to be made.  By the time it was delivered, not only were we starving but the rest of our group had already finished their dinners and the toddler was ready to leave.  The waitress delivered the bill and stated, since you're a party of 6 the tip is part of the bill.  That felt like insult to injury.  She messed things up and she still gets a pretty big tip for doing minimal work, poorly.  It's one thing to make an accident, but she made several missteps and still didn't write down the orders for the other tables.  I was really disappointed at the service... suggestion- don't arrive hungry and plan to repeat your order.
Nomad is is probably the best best pizza experience I have had living in South Philly. Don't get me wrong, there are a lot of honorable mentions some of which are closer to my home. Nomad Pizza is very tasty and has amazing staff! 

I went with the truffle oil pizza with the egg in the center of the pie. It was absolutely amazing. Every bite down to the crust made me just want more. Luckily, I did save the second half for dinner the next night. I plan to be back here soon.

Also, really enjoyed the $4 select craft pint when I was there on a Tuesday night. It was Victory Prima Pils which complimented pizza very well. Midmeal that was replaced by another equally tasty darker beer (sorry didn't catch the name of it). 

I cannot say it enough, the staff is very friendly and accommodating here.
Since visiting Rome six months ago we have craved the pizza we got there.  Philly pizza is very good for the most part, but there was something spectacular about Roman pizza.  I can't believe it took us this long to visit Nomad... I don't know that I'll be able to go a week without  eating pizza from this place.  It is Roman pizza at its finest.  As a fan of pepperoni I went with that and OMG.  It took all of the restraint I had to not eat the entire thing.  

We also started with the roasted veggie plate as an appetizer.  It came with some type of greens, beets, and carrots with a balsamic glaze.  This was one of the most amazing things I've eaten in a while - I will be craving this daily.  I love vegetables when they are done right and that was damn near perfect.  

They also have a really nice selection of wine and beer - and apparently do movies upstairs on certain nights of the week.  We plan on coming back and catching a movie sometime soon.

EAT PIZZA HERE!
Unique selection. Superb ingredients. Terrific service. It all adds up to a great dining experience, and all at very reasonable expense. We gave Nomad a try last evening (4/4) and are delighted to say we feel it's the best pizza in the city. We found the flavors deep with taste and well-balanced. The crust was especially good; delicious on its own and not just a "vehicle"  for toppings. The salads match the pizza in quality and are generous enough so that two can share. 
We want to offer a special note of praise to the servers who made certain we were pleased with our dinner, explained the menu selections and food preparation with care, and made us feel welcomed and comfortable, throughout. 
We're already planning a return dinner and bringing as many friends as we can. Discover this wonderful restaurant for yourself -- Nomad is a Philly treasure!
Nomad Pizza - oh how I love your delicious crust (aged bread um hum), gooey cheese, and savory toppings (can you say Portabello mushrooms)! I first discovered Nomad at the Pizza Olympics last year, and I can't keep myself from going back for more of their unbelievably wonderful pizza. The classic mozzarella and portabello mushroom are my favorites. Oh, yes - their pizza is so good. Must go there now.
Delicious, delicious, delicious. Crispy charred crust and yummy toppings. And friendly, helpful service too. But here's the rub. Two single-serving pizzas and no drinks = $41 after tax and tip. Which makes this a very occasional treat rather than a regular haunt. Also, a $2 upcharge for adding red sauce to a mushroom pizza which is already $16 seems a little bit churlish. Anyway. Good but Expensive. Birra is down the road and is Good and Affordable. Shrug.
I've given Nomad a second try, and I'm keeping my 3 stars the same. I went for their movie night and my date and I split 2 pizzas. The movie was Annie Hall, which was great, but it made me nostalgic for New York, and New York pizza in particular, which Nomad is not. They're keeping up their silly pizza cutter thing, and now after my second try, I'm more confident in saying they should nix that idea. It just takes too long to use their dull pizza cutter and the pizza's cold, with awkwardly shaped slices by the time you eat it. The pizza is pretty good though, nuthin' amazing.
As a New Jersey / New York native, I take quality pizza for granted. Fifteen pizza places later in Philly, I have STILL yet to find anything nearly as good as the pizza I can get at the sketchy pizza joint down the street from me at home. However, last night changed everything. Not only does Nomad pizza offer superior quality pizza, it comes with an awesome atmosphere, as well.  The pizza here is not your typical greasy, cheesy, thin crust pizza that New York is so famous for.  Instead, you choose from 8-10 gourmet pizzas that are served by the plate (12'').  The ingredients are simple and fresh and mouthwatering.  The crust is unlike any crust I've ever had.  It's soft and garlicky and slightly burnt on the edges.  The tomato sauce tastes like the tomatoes were mashed for your very own pizza.  The mozzarella cheese is fresh (I recommend the bufala over the normal mozzarella, btw).  I had the Bufala Mozzarella and the Shiitake Mushroom pizza - both amazing and complimented each other well.  Keep in mind, if the description does not list tomatoes - there will not be any sauce. 

The crowd is hipster-y, as is the neighborhood (it's in South Street district). The inside feels cozy and inviting probably due to the wood paneling walls and old movie posters.  It looks like there is a huge white movie screen upstairs - maybe they play movies? Awesome idea, will have to come back and check that out. 

Come here! Come here!!
My fiance and I have been to Nomad 2 or 3 times now. We visited the other weekend because my cousin was visiting and asked for a kid friendly restaurant. I thought of Nomad because of their spacious upstairs.  It worked perfectly for us and in fact there were several families with children there.  Their pizza is delicious (can't go wrong with any of them...loved the truffle pizza and the mushroom pizza). Their meatballs and arancini are also very good. We will be back!
I cannot get down with this pizza. 

We ordered two pies; h'onion and spicy sausage. I liked the h'onion more of the two. The red onions had some flavor but the sauce was bland and overall tasted like nothing. 

The spicy sausage was not spicy at all. I suspect there was no spice involved in the making of this sausage as there was no taste. The sauce on this pie was bland as well. 

The pie crust was the only redeeming quality of the pie. 

For this price point you can get much better chain pizza delivered to your door. Dining here is kind of awkward since it is just one long communal table downstairs that you seat yourself at. Puff puff pass.
The pizza here is really solid! I have only ordered takeout, but my two favorites are the caramelized onion one, and the mushroom truffle one with egg. One pizza is usually enough for one person (maybe 1.5 if you don't eat as much). It is a little tough to find a spot to pull over and hop out of the car for pickup, so make sure you get there a few minutes early! Good, reliable pizza, and online ordering is available.
Ordered delivery, and it was awful. It was cold, there was barely any sauce, the cheese slid all over the pizza, and it was extremely soggy. I think the photo says it all. Not sure if I just had a one-off experience, but I won't be ordering from here again.
Super kid friendly.  Sit upstairs and there's a HUGE TV that will probably occupy your kids for more than 30 min. 

The Margherita was pretty good with a nice tangy sauce and just the right amount of cheese.

We also tried 4 Cheese Pizza which was a bit too much for me.  Don't get me wrong, I love cheese, but this was just too much.  Wish we tried something else.

Service was friendly.
The scene: Warm summer night in Philly. First dinner at Nomad, outdoor table
The culprits: Moose - the bulldog, Lola - the Boston Terrier

As we're enjoying two lovely pies and a bottle of wine, a skiddish Boxer turns the corner, tugging his leash our way. Little dog thinks she's a big dog and begins to bark and charge at the Boxer. Big dog protects little dog by jumping between them, bringing down the entire table (and delicious treats) in his path.

Crash. 

The whole restaurant, outdoors and indoors, is staring our way as the bulldog gobbles an entire Italian pizza.

At this point, the staff was amazing. The owner came out to apologize to us, even though it was entirely our fault. The staff cleaned our entire area making sure our dogs wouldn't step on boken glass. We received new, fresh pizzas and wine at no charge, even though we were nearly done our meal. 

Not only are the pizzas great at Nomad, and a welcome addition to the Philly Italian pizza scene, but the staff really cares and did a great job under the circumstances. Recommend.
I never thought the best pizza I've ever had would have come out of a truck...
The Nomad Pizza Truck catered a wedding I went to recently. The pizza was served buffet style - They kept pumping out pies and slicing them up so you could take different slices of different pies - I tried them all! The crust is fantastic - cooked in a wood-burning oven right in the truck - it's thin and crispy, but also chewy - a good, satisfying chewy. The ingredients are all super fresh, organic and locally sourced. My favorites were the spicy sausage, pepperoni and shiitake mushroom, but they were all really good. The spicy sausage pizza was delicious - the sausage was so flavorful and was cooked perfectly. The pepperoni was amazing, in nice big, thin slices - the best pepperoni I have ever had, just the right amount of greasy and crispy. Everything was just really, really good. If you get invited to a wedding or event that you might otherwise not want to attend, if Nomad is there, you should definitely go. Do it for the pizza, you won't regret it.
After studying abroad in Italy, I thought pizza was kinda ruined for me. Nothing could possibly compete with my favorite pizza place in Florence. While I definitely wouldn't say that Nomad is better, it comes damn close to the quality of pizza I was used to in Italy. 

The atmosphere of the place was exactly what my boyfriend and I were looking for, relaxed, easy, and cool. My boyfriend's one complaint is that their bar doesn't serve Yuengling, THE Pennsylvanian beer. But they did have a pretty good variety of other wines/beers. All in all, we're really looking forward to going back, hopefully during one of their movie nights.
I have never had better pizza. Not ever. Brick-oven pizza meets food truck fare, and it is phenomenal. Thin, chewy, perfectly browned and crispy crust... fresh mozzarella, the best pepperoni I have ever encountered--crispy, greasy, spicy, thinly slivered, curl-edged discs of pepperoni--and a light layer of beautifully seasoned sauce. This stuff is incredible.
I've been here twice now and am a huge fan. 

The first time was a while back. We had a table upstairs for 5 and had an incredible meal. We started off with some outstanding appetizers, which included fried green tomatoes and fried mozzarella with marinara sauce. (Not sure if this is still on the dinner menu, though.) We followed the starters with three pizzas: the Spicy Soppressata, Spinach, and Quattro Formaggi. They were all outstanding, and we were all stuffed. 

Today, I went back again and it was even better! We got outdoor seating, which was wonderful. We each had beers and shared a Spicy Soppressata pizza, fresh out of the coal oven. It was so flavorful, topped with a perfect amount of soppressata, mozzarella, basil, tomato, garlic, oregano, along with the added kick of red pepper flakes. The crust was so good - thin in the center, and bready around the outside. Not the cheapest option for the size (that would be Pitruco Pizza and Dock Street Brewery), but excellent nevertheless. 

As far as drinks go, the selection isn't huge, but among what they do have, there is something for everyone, and that something tends to be great. Definitely a spot to visit regularly.
We stopped by to try the pizza and were not disappointed. Started out with the rice ball appetizer . Three large balls that were plain but plain in a good way with perfectly cooked rice and a mild tomato sauce on the side. We ordered the Spicy Soppressata pizza that had a very delicious combination of flavors, the spicy soppressata and red pepper flakes was complemented by the touch of honey and fresh oregano, the mozzarella was very fresh and the end result was one of the best tasting pizza's I have had. I can't wait to stop back and try some of the other pizza's on the menu in particular the truffle pecorino. The place was quiet and had a mellow soundtrack playing in the background very relaxing.
We stopped at Nomad for an impromptu lunch date on a Sunday afternoon after having noticed it (and its glorious wood fire aroma) for the first time a few days prior. Like many others, we've had a hard time finding a pizza place in Philly that we really enjoy, so we were hopeful, but admittedly tentative about how our experience at Nomad would pan out. 

We ordered the Spicy Soppressata pie to share and we couldn't have been more pleased! (If you're especially hungry, I'd recommended ordering a starter or a salad to share, as their pizzas are all about 12".)  It was reasonably priced for the quality (around $15) and was both light and satisfying. The crust was crunchy and chewy in all the right places, the sauce was uniquely sweet (but with a bit of tang), and the soppressata was delightfully spicy, yet not overwhelming. Needless to say, we're already looking forward to our next visit so we can try another one of their amazing pies!
I'm a big fan of Pizzeria Stella's thin crust, Northern Italian pies, so I'm always dubious  that other pizza joints in Philly will even come close. But Nomad Pizza has its own thing going--artisan pies with fresh, quality ingredients. I highly recommend the sweet and spicy sopressata pizza topped with mozzarella, basil and drizzled with local honey. A wonderful combination. Another plus: A small, but decent selection of affordably priced beers and wines.
Absolutely delicious pizza.  The crust is just right, nice and thin and doughy, but not too much and just the right consistency.  You can tell a lot of thought and care went into making these pizzas.  Our group had the Truffle Pecorino, Arugula Prosciutto and Shitake Mushroom, all were outstanding.  Good selection of craft beers to go along, it was a great meal.
I'd previously written a review of In Riva saying that it was the best pizza in the city.  That review is now irrelevant as Nomad pizza Allen Iverson-high-stepped-over-Tyron-Lue after hitting a three pointer in the 2002 NBA Finals'd In Riva.

I'm not even going to describe the pizza.  Its amazing.  Best in the city.  Just go.  Order two pies.  I regretted only getting one.  The Spicy Sopressata and Margherita were BANKINK'
We're regulars at the Nomad restaurant in Hopewell Boro, NJ, so we were looking forward to trying out the newly opened Philadelphia restaurant.  It's mainly organic, local, and seasonal, and features a quite creative menu.  I enjoyed the roasted root crop salad (lots of beets and carrots, along with arugula and cheese).  We then had the mushroom and potato pizza, which was amazing.   It was piled high with three species of mushrooms and was wonderful.  Pizzas are cooked in a huge wood oven and the crusts are delicious.  They also have a nice list of draft beers and encouraged us to taste them first.    It's a pleasant building, very well designed and tastefully decorated.  Upstairs, they often have movies which you can watch while you are eating.
I love Nomad. Love, love, love. It's my favorite pizza place in Philly. Why? The crust actually has flavor- like it has flavor all by itself. It's tangy and chewy, crispy, and just a little blistered. 

The ingredient ratios are spot-on. Two of our favorite pizzas: the margherita and the truffle pecorino with the oozy egg.

But it's not just about the pizzas here- the salads are delicious and can definitely be shared between 2 people, but my bf and I can't resist each getting our own. The arancini and mushrooms aren't perfect, but they are addicting and we somehow order them every time.

The nutella pizza is always fun to get. I wish there were more banana slices on it, and I not-so-secretly wish it came with a side of ice cream, but that would be a little gluttonous.

As far as how to order, for 4 peopl...like 2 guys and 2 girls... I recommend 1 app, 2 salads, 2 pizzas, and 1 dessert pizza.

It would be amazing if they could mix up the menu a little and offer a few more seasonal pizzas with season-specific ingredients. Then again, that would mean more excuses to go back and try them all!
