Nook thrives with Starbucks two doors down, a testament to how great this place is! Huge: Baked goods are AWESOME and all baked on premise in small batches so they are FRESH, delicious and really impressed!! A great idea to do the small batch baking, big chain coffee shops will have a hard time competing. Nook is a cozy place decorated with warm tones, couches and wood tables. I use to frequent Nook when they were located on the Walnut Street bridge, closer to my house but I think this new location is more central and they get better foot traffic and probably even a lunch crowd. Smart move! Highly recommend!
After a delicious lunch at Mama's Vegetarian restaurant, I crossed the street to have a cup of coffee And a treat at the Nook, a quaint and extremly quiet coffee shop and bakery in Center City. It was so quiet there, you could actually hear a mouse pissing on cotton. 
The Nook has a nice coffee menu and lots of yummy baked goods.
 I ordered a large French press coffee and a oatmeal raisin muffin. The coffee was strong and rich and the muffin was delicious and while sitting there in a comfy chair,  I looked around and noticed all the stunning art for sale and the eco-friendly products offered in the spot. Most of the baked goods were very petite with lots of chocolate in them. Overall a nice place to enjoy a cup of coffee at but You may find it hard to resist dozing off or rolling out a yoga mat!
Nook is a small and cute bakery. There is some seating here, with a couch at the back area which is great for groups.
I came here to get coffee and a turkey sausage cheese sandwich. They have many types of coffee here- pour over coffees, iced coffees, nitros, or normal drip coffee. I had an ordinary drip coffee and it was great!
The sandwich was delicious too. If you eat this, you won't be able to eat at McDonald's. This is far fresher and better. 
They also sell a variety of baked goods like cakes and cookies. The cashier was very nice and seemed to know a lot of her regulars by name.
I will definitely be back.
Outstanding desserts!! I had what I believe the best eclair of my life!! The vanilla cream filling was so amazingly sweet but nice sweet, not overpowering. It was precisely balanced with the chocolate and the dough. Served chilled and perfect! I wan it to be tomorrow already so I can go again!! I did bought bread pudding to try it out :)  (and yes... It's pretty amazing)

No wonder they have incredible desserts, they make it onsite and you can see them working their magic as you savor their goods. 

The espresso was sweet and with brown sugar notes and made also to precision.  Mike , the barista was friendly and did a hell of an espresso for me! No complaints what so ever. I would definitely come back again for both the sweets and the coffee.
On the excellent suggestion of a fellow Yelper,   I made my way here to do a little work between off site meetings. 

Free wifi (with purchase)  was fast and *reasonably* secure.    Plenty of tables and counter space for the laptop inclined, and a truly fantastic fruit and greek yogurt parfait.  Freshly assembled, with no wimpy day old strawberries,  silky greek yogurt,  tasty honey, and a cinnamony granola that I'd bet money is house made.   

What's not to love?
Flourescent lighting, drop ceilings, and a floor plan that only a real estate developer could think was cool. The place stinks of corporate jigsaw property. Sad thing is, the people who run it and the people who frequent it, don't deserve such a sterile environment.

The coffee is good, above average good. The people who work here are nice and very courteous. However, the drap corporate veneer of this place drags it down. I can't stay more than five minutes here without wanting to slice my wrists.
Thought I would update my Nook review as it's not my new favorite coffee bar anymore. It's my favorite coffee bar (time passed). Mike is awesome and knows what he is doing and is very good with a dry cappuccino. I'm always pleased with what I get. Their pour-overs are made really well, and use great beans and is done correctly. Great cortados, too.

Edna, the head baker, is fantastic.  Her eclairs are fantastic, and the chocolate cakes are rich.  The quiche is well done as well, and her mood is seemingly always effervescent. She also is not bluffin' with her muffin. The strawberry rhubarb one is sublime. As well as the lemon poppyseed or whatever is fresh. Everything is done in house. I also love the profiterole. I rarely have a sweet tooth, but if I do, they can make something that is not too sweet but perfectly robust with sweet flavor. 

I am always impressed at how well they all know their coffee and make everything well. They will never serve you a bad espresso, and they can tell if something is ever bad.  They will pour it out before they serve you something they do not feel is up-to-snuff.  

This place is phenomenal.

Free wifi, good seating, nice art on the walls, clean, fine bathroom, all the accessories to a coffee shop you want, yadda yadda.  But really, the coffee and baked goods here is damn good. That's the real reason to come here.
I was taking a mental health day off from work because i hadn't used a vacation day in a while. Decided to commit to trying out a new gem and whipped out my handy dandy Yelp app. 

I wanted somewhere with a cool vibe, cozy and inviting yet would put me in the mood to read/get some work done...with a good cup of coffee in hand. I definitely got that here. This place epitomizes service with a smile. They're efficient and my chai latte was YUM (best I've had in quite some time) and I liked how they asked me up front what kind of milk I wanted. (Also I think good coffee temperature is underrated; I've been to a lot of places where the non plain black coffees are lukewarm by the time they're done with their 'art'.) I got some reading done, and some people watching by the big window facing the street. 

The furniture is a little worn..almost shabby to he honest, in a "well loved" sort of way. There is a ton of artwork on the bathroom walls; looked like they were for sale but I personally wouldn't purchase anything that's been in a public restroom. Instead of all the art, I'd rather have a mirror in the bathroom (there isn't one so couldn't retouch my lipstick as I wanted). I also wish the hand dryer didn't blow ice cold air on to my already freezing hands... especially if there is no paper towel option.
Great customer service and the most delicious spinach and mushroom quiche!!

I placed an online order on Saturday afternoon for Sunday morning. (I was scambling to find a quiche for an early morning bridal shower the next day). I received a follow-up phone call within an hour. I was bummed to hear that Nook is closed on Sundays. However, the employee insisted that she would bake it for me anyway and have it ready for pick-up by 10am!! 

I will absolutely place more catering orders with Nook Bakery in the future! That quiche was AMAZING!
Nook is my new favorite coffee bar. Nook takes their coffee to heart and really makes a good cup.  Mike and Amanda are the normal baristas and really know what they're doing. Their pour-overs are made really well, and use great beans and is done correctly. 

Edna, the head baker, is fantastic. Her eclairs are fantastic, and the chocolate cakes are rich.  The quiche is well done as well, and her mood is seemingly always effervescent. She herself also is very adept in coffee-making as well.  Oh and I almost forgot. The strawberry muffin. Oh God. Muffingasm.

I am always impressed at how well they all know their coffee and make everything well. They will never serve you a bad espresso, and they can tell if something is ever bad.  They will pour it out before they serve you something they do not feel is up-to-snuff.  

This place is phenomenal.

Free wifi, good seating, nice art on the walls, clean, fine bathroom, all the accessories to a coffee shop you want, yadda yadda.  But really, the coffee here is damn good. That's the real reason to come here.
Love, love, LOVE this place!  The pour-over coffee I ordered was absolutely delicious.  And the baked goods we tried were downright fantastic.  I seriously could eat their whole wheat millet cranberry muffins every day... so yummy!

Great service and great atmosphere, too.  No attitude (aka "addy tood"), either.  

This is the kind of place that makes me really miss my old stomping grounds.  :(   Oh well, at least I will know where to get great coffee and baked goods when I'm back for a visit and around Rittenhouse.  Hooray for Nook!
Once upon a time I used to enjoy coming here because it was so close to home and offered me a cozier spot to study (though its setup for that wasn't even ideal - not very many outlets or tables). 

What ensured we would not be coming back, however, was when I went with hubs to get some work done. After buying my latte and setting my stuff down, I returned to the counter to ask for the wifi password. The cashier informed me that in order to use the wifi, we *both* needed to buy something.

....seriously?? 

Cafes that are wifi stingy pants are no good in my book. We have not (and won't) be back.
Been walking past this little cute bakery every day for a year. Finally decided to stop pass one day as I was looking for Tiramisu and Matcha Latte. As I enter, i was greeted immediately by the cashier. She was eager to help me order as it was my very first time. 

When I ask for the Japanese Matcha Latte, she told me it was made with soy based, I guess just in case I have a soy allergy. Then she explained their variety of milk they carried, I chose oats milk, bc they make drinks on the sweeter side. While she was making my latte, I was looking at their cakes. Couldn't resist Tiramisu and the chocolate banana cookie for my hubby. 

I have to say, everything were made to perfection!! Or for me, just right. The Matcha Latte weren't overly sweet or unsweetened. Tiramisu were bitter(bc of the cocoa top coat) and creamy at the same time, so it kinda balanced perfectly. 

I would love to sit in one day as their sitting section got a very cozy feel.
Honestly the best hot chocolate I have had in a long time. Want to fly back just for another cup!
The atmosphere is great! The servers/front desk cashier people are the absolute sweetest! Like everyone else said, the Turkey panini is delicious. I've had it twice already! I haven't tried their coffee, their Japanese Green Tea Matcha with Soy Milk is delicious. I order it every time :)
They have assorted baked goods that seem to change daily/seasonally depending on the item.
Space wise it is a little small. There aren't many outlets but I'm sure if you asked someone to share they wouldn't mind. The wifi here is pretty solid and fast.
This is my second time here and I am definitely coming here more often!
Super cute little coffee shop near rittenhouse that's not too busy. The ambience was nice here to sit with a coffee and chat with a friend since it's not overly crowded and the coffee is great!

They roast their own beans and have a different special coffee every week. Their baked good selection is also pretty large, and they even have breakfast Sammies. Quite a lot for such a small place. 

The staff were also very friendly and made accommodations to my drink requests. We also got the Greek yogurt parfait which was delicious - I would highly recommend. 

Overall, I think the highlight of this cafe is the fact that it's not always packed like a lot of mainstream cafes so it really does feel like a more relaxed, chill vibe. 5/5 for sure as far as cafes go!
Lovely customer service and nice coffee shop. I had the early grey tea latte, which usually had has vanilla in it but I tasted no vanilla. Not a big deal though as the latte was still great.
I stumbled upon this coffee shop one afternoon and was pleasantly surprised by the homey and cozy interior. I was looking for a place to buckle down and study and the tables seemed a bit small, but I was lucky enough to grab a seat right up front at the picnic bench table, which had ample space to spread out! Unfortunately my almond latte was not very good, especially considering it was steeply priced. Don't think I'd come for the coffee, but a pleasant place to study!
I am rating the coffee here as the best I can find in the city.  You just know from the first, creamy taste that this place is for serious about what they do (and also the long, kind of expert/snobby sort of conversation I had with the barista, who had very artful taste in his clothing and facial hair choices).  

I have been trying coffee shops all over Philly, and recording prices for the same thing I always get: the soy latte.  Over here they brew one village coffee, which unlike other brands, does not taste quite as bitter.  They do a wonderful job with the foam art on the top, and the guy who usually gives me my lattes from behind the counter is always extremely friendly, and does not disdain me for being financially dressed and mainstream-looking, as are most of the people who go in there.  This is probably because they have developed a very strong following amongst their regulars, who tend to be yuppy office-people who are older than me.  

The downside:  my soy latte was $4.11.  Yup.  That's right.    But totally worth it from Nook.
There was a time period where I used to live a block and a 1/2 away from where here was to be, but a Starbucks moving across the street from me added up to being one of the (smaller) contributing factors for my eventual move. But had I have been able to gaze into the future and see such a welcoming and chill coffeehouse & bakery moving in close enough to compensate, I'd probably be there for the long haul!

In a city where most Indie coffeehouses are dominated by La Colombe, it is refreshing to see one that hooks up small batches of local and regionally roasted coffees, and some that are even available hand poured. Especially when that very same spot features plenty of seasonal baked goods that are made from scratch on site!

The first thing that I noticed when walking into Nook was all of the vintage decor and interesting art on the wall. And the second thing I noticed was all of the tempting goodies that ranged from scones and muffins, to quiches and fresh baked desserts. The main thing that caught my eye was the Marscarpone & Ginger Bars since I'm always looking for new ways to utilize that most silky of smooth cream cheeses. and each decadently light bite yielded the perfect after bite of crystallized ginger to make me a fan. Add in the medium consistency of the house roast and the attentive service and color me a fan!
I started college in Philadelphia in August, and since then, I've been going to different coffee shops around town in search of a new favorite. I discovered Nook about three weeks ago, and I've been here about five times since. It's seriously my favorite coffee shop of all time, not just in Philadelphia. 

First off, the coffee is absolutely amazing. I usually get a hand poured kind, but I've also had the house blend which was quite good, as well. Today was my first time trying the decaf Americano (one can only take so much caffeine in an afternoon...) and it's the first decaf coffee I've ever had that was actually GOOD.

I also love the baked goods, but ESPECIALLY that you can get small baked goods! I almost never buy treats at other coffee shops because they're usually HUGE and I don't like having a meal's worth of calories for a snack. However, while Nook has some of these impressive, large specimens of baked goods, they also have tiny biscotti, small tea cookies, truffles, and all their cupcakes are available in small or large sizes. Their sandwiches are tasty and reasonably sized, as well. 

Free wifi, generally quiet atmosphere. As another reviewer mentioned, it can be a little hard to get work done on the small tables, but every time I've gone I've been able to score either two tables together or the larger bench-table thing. Not to mention if you're going to be there for a few hours doing work, tables will generally open up.

There's some couches/chairs in the back that look like they'd be a nice place to sit and talk with friends.

The owners are SUPER nice. So, so nice. I love when you go somewhere and can tell the people actually want to be there. 

DEFINITELY try Nook if you haven't already. 100% better than Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts or any other chain you can think of. The embodiment of an awesome, small-business coffee shop.
Holy hell -- this place is incredible.  Stopping in on a cold morning before work, I had planned to get a cup of hot coffee and maybe some sort of breakfast snack, and to do a little bit of reading.  What I hadn't expected was that Nook would have delicious, freshly-baked goodies.  The whole wheat berry muffin I purchased was warm and toasty, with fresh berries baked in.  The coffee, too, was perfect -- not too hot or overbrewed.

I was also very happy with the cafe and staff.  The cafe itself was super clean, with lots of space for fixing one's cup of coffee, and signs for where to leave your dishes afterward.  The staff, too, were really friendly, not just with me but with each other, and very helpful when I had questions.

I was majorly impressed and I definitely plan to spend more mornings doing work at Nook.  It is a breath of fresh air -- we are a city with tons of good cafes, but not too many excellent ones.  Nook is definitely excellent.
Wow; I can't believe I haven't written a review of Nook yet.

I stop in almost every day. They have the best coffee I've found so far in Center City, and I love that they brew each cup to order. In addition, there are always a few daily brew options, and time is taken to tell you about each bean/roast and make a recommendation. And the baked goods! So good. I've never been disappointed with anything in the case.

My favorite thing though is the yogurt parfait because of the homemade granola. SO good.

Lastly, the space is open and bright - there is an entire wall of windows, and they don't cram in a ton of tables, unlike some other shops in the area (*coughSaxby'scoughcoughLaVa*.

Totally earns the 5 stars. 6 if I could...
Love this cozy neighborhood coffee shop. I discovered it in 2012 and was especially enamored of it the more I got to know the lady running the shop. There is nothing more joyful than being a regular somewhere and it makes my day when they know I want the tea latte, a madeleine, and no receipt. They bake some of the most unique madeleines I have ever had right in their kitchen- from star anise to earl grey flavored. Highly recommend the detour from Starbucks.
I pass by this place every day on my way to work, and I manage to walk past the delicious pecan coffee cake and smooth, strong iced coffee without stopping at least 3 days a week (I will accept congratulations for that). 

I like the friendly faces behind the counter, the various iced teas (I remember a passionfruit black tea being especially refreshing), the squeaky clean, well-stocked sugar/milk/straw area and the inviting, open space, which has room to sit and stay awhile and also plenty of space for people to line up, order their coffee and peace out without tripping over laptop cords and messenger bags. 

If everything were a dollar cheaper, this place would be perfect, but I leave caffeinated and happy every time nonetheless.
Best Chai Latte I've ever had for two reasons:

1. They had pumpkin chai...in the spring, so they already get automatic respect for bucking the system.

2. They have macadamia nut milk. Yup. You read that right, but I'll type it again: MACADAMIA NUT MILK. Just when I thought my love of cashew milk could never be topped...
My Nicaraguan pour over coffee was so flavorful. Drinking it straight made it worth the pricier pour (a little over 3 bucks). Low-key, friendly and attentive and perfect for plugging in my laptop and doing some work.
The staff was so nice! This was walking distance from my hotel and seemed to be a popular spot. Had a coffee and a pastry, both so delicious.

Great spot to sit, unwind, and read a book. Love the interior.
Very friendly staff and good, fresh coffee. 

The reason for the 3 is because they wrote on the chalkboard- coffee made to order when in fact it's not. Still good, though. Also, there're no prices online so I took a photo for you.
You know how you know this place is bomb? There's a Starbucks and a Dunkin on either side, and they're still in business during a freaking Pandemic. Enough said. 
We buy 2 bags of coffee every week! Edna is the best! Such a great neighborhood spot. The mocha is literally the best you've ever had in your life. I'm not kidding! All the little baked goods, and quiche, CANT GO WRONG! Seriously terrific! Thank you for keeping us caffeinated, and sugared up! Do yourself a favor and get something here.
I absolutely love this neighborhood find. It's close to the business district so it doesn't have the residential street scene that some do, but it more then makes up for that in everything else. From day one I was greeted like an old friend. Everyone is, the staff is so welcoming. Coffee lovers, hold on tight. This joint roast their own on premises. That's right! As such, the selection is unique, varied, and wide. Now for the baked goods. You'd be surprised at this selection as well. And yes, also prepared on premises. Everything from muffins and cakes to imaginative cookies and chocolate truffles. I can't leave out pecan bars, lemon bars, and tiramisu. Aside from baked goods and coffee, they also serve a few breakfast items and a few lunch items. I highly recommend you check them out. House brew coffee with a cowboy cookie is my favorite.
Whenever I go to Trader Joe's, I usually end up walking by Nook Cafe, but I'm someone who doesn't go into a place they can't see into (weird, yes). But on a grossly hot day, and after a stressful week, I just decided to walk in and get a pick-me-up. Once inside, it seemed like such a cute place, although slightly oddly located near Market Street IMHO. There were small groups of friends sitting and chatting, and also people reading or on their laptops. 

I walked up to the counter, took one peak at the baked goods, and couldn't say no to anything that I saw. I got a bunch of different delicious goodies to take home for later, and also a Matcha iced tea latte - which was the best drink EVER! It tasted like real matcha, so they must use it (which explains the price). They used soy milk without asking me, which was fine but heads up to anyone who may be allergic. It was the perfect cool, refreshing beverage that day. The treats I shared with my fiance that evening: 

Nutella mini cupcake: a moist chocolate cake with bittersweet chocolate frosting, it was delicious but not exactly nutella since I couldn't taste any hazelnuts
Mocha cupcake: this chocolate cupcake was surprisingly dry, and had a buttery, creamy mocha frosting that barely had any flavor, though
Carrot cake cupcake: a moist, light carrot cake with small raisin bits and a thin cream cheese frosting spread on top, it was delish!
Red velvet cupcake: this was a slightly dry cake, I guess we consumed it too late after it was baked that morning, the cream cheese frosting was the perfect amount
Ginger mascarpone bar: this really tasty bar had layers of creamy, sweet mascarpone betweent he sponge cake, with graham cracker-like crumbles on top. The light ginger taste was barely there, though; the mascarpone flavor was more prominent despite the bits of candied ginger within it

Nook Cafe is a lovely neighborhood place to get a beverage and some freshly baked goods, hang with friends or do work. I'm certainly not going to just walk past now that I've visited!
This is my new coffee spot post office move.  The red eye is fabulous, they have lots of different teas, and the pumpkin muffin is amazing.  It's super moist and fresh, not too sweet.  I'm looking forward to trying the other options on the menu.
What a great, quaint coffee shop! And they have drool-worthy desserts to accompanying their freshly brewed (or dripped if you so prefer) coffees! Dropped by to put in a couple hours of work and the only thing I found slightly disappointing was their early closing time.
Nook may have the creamiest, most decadent chai latte I've ever encountered. 

It's like really freakin' good.

They also carry a variety of loose leaf teas and legit coffee brews. The vibe is laid-back and the café quite spacious - there always seems to be ample seating when I've passed through. Local artwork adorns the walls & savory/sweet treats fill the glass casings. I'm definitely feeling the love.

In all of my supreme authority (and whatnot), I proclaim it the "homiest" café in the center city square. Fine job, Nook, fine job.
This place is AWESOME. As I sit here and sip my coffee and enjoy my multigrain muffin (complete with several other healthy ingredients), I am a happy girl. As others have said, this place is cozy and the coffee and baked goods are DELISH. They seem to have a ton of regulars (I've seen numerous people walk in and the barista just says, "Hi Joe, the usual?" I like that!

They bake EVERYTHING on premises. If you go toward the back of the shop, look to the left and you can see the kitchen with Kitchenaid mixers whirling. My muffin was still warm this morning.

My only complaint is the suuuuuuuper small, wobbly tables. I would recommend this place more for a get-together spot rather than a place to get work done. If you can't score two tables to push together (which I was able to do) there's no way to fit a laptop, a coffee, and a muffin on the table. But still, what a fantastic spot!
This place is pretty good - the barista knows their stuff and they go the extra mile for their customers. I ordered an earl grey latte, which wasn't even on their menu, but they made it without a second of hesitation. They tend to know their clientele pretty well and is a very collegial atmosphere. My earl grey latte was pretty good too, though I wish it was a tad sweeter (which you can definitely make sweeter on your own). This place has wifi too, but you have to ask them while at the counter.
Met a friend here for a study session and it was a delight! Ordered a hot chai and it was delicious despite not being authentic. The barista was super friendly, complimenting and respectful. There are plenty of places for people to sit no matter what they come in for. Whether you need a long, big table to set out books and study in a group OR if you want to be by yourself and sit by the windows with a seat for yourself OR if you are meeting up with one other person and want a small table against the wall so you can chat. Great vibe and good food. Will go back!
I'd like to start off this review by saying that Nook is not Starbucks. This is not the place to go if you're trying to get a cup of coffee and run to catch the bus.

That being said, I love it there. Nook's coffee and coffee drinks are priced well, the pastries are made in house, and the atmosphere is soothing. The coffee is strong and smooth and it's the perfect place to relax either before or after work. I would definitely recommend it.
A pleasantly quiet and spacious classic local coffee shop!

We had just finished running several miles at around 10am on a Saturday, and decided we needed to stop by some place for a morning nourishment boost. We stumbled upon Nook by chance, but was decidedly gratified by our experience here! 

He loved the coffee there (I don't drink the stuff so I trust his judgment on this), and we also shared a tasty quiche. But my very favorite part of my experience there was definitely the cranberry millet muffin. With incredible texture and delectable freshness, their muffin delightfully surprised me and outshone all kinds of other baked goods that I've had at other comparable coffee shops. I intend to go back and try out more of their delicious goodies!
Their hot chocolate tastes like oreos! My favorite pastry here is the eclair which can be messy to eat but the flavor is worth it. Everyone who works there is very welcoming and nice.
This place is top notch! I just had the best pannini I ever had. Everything I have tried here is scrumptious. I love this place and highly recommend it!
I was incredibly impressed with not only the service and cleanliness but the quality of the ingredients and finished product. The woman behind the counter was so incredibly accommodating. Three of us wanted to share a sandwich and a yogurt to tide us over until we got to dinner a few hours later. She cut our sandwich into 3's and put it on 3 plates with a little salad for each of us. The yogurt she brought out extra cups and spoons and forks. It was so nice of her, because we really would have made due.

I had a "muddy chai" which is a chai tea with espresso. Delicious! The tomato mozzarella panini was on home baked whole grain bread. Fantastic. What a great experience! We all find ourselves in a Starbucks now and again, but honestly, I wish all coffee houses were exactly like this.
Love. Amazing little warm spot for coming in off the cold, thawing, and enjoying a drink. Wonderful space, wonderful drink.
I got the turkey panini, pretty delicious. I didn't expect much for a coffee shop but this place has pretty decent food for sure. I also tried their little chocolate ball, quite tasty.  Biscotti and coffee were good as well.

The staff was very friendly and the overall atmosphere was very cozy. I would definitely come back again.
This is my favorite study spot in Philadelphia! 

First of all, the baked-goods are phenomenal. They have a wide variety, from muffins, cookies, brownies, Madeleine, pound cake, etc. Also, it changes all the time, so you can expect something new :) My favorite is the lemon poppy seed muffin that was the best lemon dessert I've ever had-just the right amount of tartness and sweetness. Also, they have a couple of meal options (quiche, sandwich) that are good. 

The staff are nice and the space is quiet :) I just wish they were open for longer hours and on Sunday!!
Came here based on several coworker's recommendations and fell in love with this sweet local business! Nook is my favorite coffee place in Philly and I'm happy it's so close to my office. I usually get their coffee, green tea lattes, and musseli for breakfast. The owners/workers are super nice too. It makes me happy to spend my money here.

They don't take AMEX, but take other major credit cards.
After constantly passing Nook on our walk home, my boyfriend and I finally stopped by after our workout. We usually go to the Starbucks just a few steps away.... We have already gone to Nook twice in three days. 

My boyfriend said it was the best Pumpkin Spice Latte that he's ever had - (and we LOVE that we can still get our favorite flavor in February). 

They are sustainably sourced and make their own coffee. LOVE THAT - but to make things better, the workers couldn't be sweeter either.

Definitely give Nook a try - you will not be disappointed.
An amazing spot for center city coffee if you're not feeling like the typical Starbucks run. The staff is above friendly and ready to offer house specials and suggestions. I'm a cappuccino drinker and would definitely come here during work for an afternoon break and relax with a friend.
Skip the Starbucks on the corner and patronize the locals. This is everything you want in a coffee shop: free wifi, great coffee, welcoming baristas, comfortable furniture (in the back - I almost passed it by because of the hard wooden stools at the window counter), local art and eclectic alt-sound track. Only a couple electrical outlets, so no bogarting with your electronics.  

And, great concept, why doesn't everybody serve bite sized chocolate and pastry snacks for a buck to a buck and a quarter?  Salted caramel mocha fudge bite for 1.25? Are you kidding me? Do not be deterred by the fact it's gluten-free, it is an R-rated party in your mouth. Srsly.

Didn't try the real food , but the quiche looked and smelled outrageous. Between that, the requisite panini and side sala, or the 4 Cheese Mac and Cheese, it looks like a pretty inviting lunch or afternoon snack stop. "Ah'll be bock!"
Stopped by today to pick up expression chocolate chip and banana chocolate chip muffins. Got there around 7:30am an the muffins were still warm. Some of the best muffins I've ever had! Moist on the inside with a crust on the outside. Rich flavor and not crumbly like some other muffins I've had. Will definitely be back!
The boyfriend and I visited Philly for 4 days and this was our first food stop. The turkey pesto panini is delicious and the Mac and cheese is the bomb!
I have not had one thing here that I do not like. Mike makes fantastic pour overs as well as lattes. Edna bakes phenomenal poppy seed scones, cinnamon rolls, espresso muffins, pecan coffee cakes, and the list goes on! Recently I've become addicted to their quiches. Again, delicious beyond words. I've also gotten into their Italian sodas like the blueberry shrub. Worth a try during these hot summer days!

The atmosphere of the cafe is lovely. Colorful art hangs among the walls. Beautiful mosaic tables. Relaxing music. 

If you haven't come here yet, do yourself a favor and try out this local café. You won't regret it, I promise!
Love everything about this place! From the best coffee I have ever had to the baked treats. I have never walked away from this place disappointed!
Things I loved:
- The coffee, ours was pretty fresh. I love French Press!
- The baked goods, which have the same deliciousness as Walnut Bridge's baked goods. Just as I remember it! The muffins, the cake, the scones... YUMMMM
- The people. Still amazingly nice and wonderful!

Edit:
- The new decor... No longer empty!! :) The couches are super comfy and everything is all set up...
This is my go to place for breakfast and coffee in a busy morning. The owner is very friendly and she tries to remember your name and what you like. I am not a fan of any sweet things but I love the flourless bite here and the all berry muffin. I always get a cup of cappuccino too, and absolutely love it.
I can't say enough good things about Nook. The staff is incredibly friendly and makes an effort to get to know you. They are passionate about what they do and make you feel good about going there. Excellent baked goods as well. The prices are a little higher than average, but to me, it's worth paying $0.50 more to support local business and good customer service. It's sandwiched on a block between a Starbucks and a Saxby's, and I'll go out of my way any time for Nook!
Mike and Edna are the best! The coffee is always delicious (as is the chai) and the food never fails to be delicious. Love having such a great local coffee shop.
Cute coffee shop that roasts its own beans.  The staff was kind and knowledgeable about all their products.  Their chocolate croissant had delicious crispy layers.  Americano was good, although a slightly bitter aftertaste.
In a city with enough small coffeeshops, this one has me coming back time after time. 

I don't know much about coffee, but every cup I've had is tasty (even when black) and strong, and I also love the iced coffee here. But I do know much about muffins, and the baked goods here are great, better than 99% of the ones I find in other coffeeshops. Even the muffins with whole wheat are moist and soft. I'm especially partial to the pumpkin muffins and the ones with apples.

Lastly, LOVE the welcoming feel. Nook is inviting, from the bell that hangs on the door to the fact that the owners know every regular customer. Love coming back here, and wish I could stay here all day. Alas, I've got to work so I can spend my money here.
This is a great small batch roastery and bakery just outside of Rittenhouse. A must stop for anyone on their way to Center City. The coffee is roasted on site and it's worth stopping by just to see that. 

The usual assortment of coffee drinks - drip espresso and cold brews are available as well as properly done pour-overs. A selection of baked goods and sandwiches are available as well but to be honest I only had the coffee which was excellent.

Staff are very friendly and the place is very clean with efficient service. I can't really ask much more of a coffee place than this!
Divine small-batch chocolates.  
Try the mocha fudge. Literally a 40:60 brownie/fudge crossover.

I appreciate how every pastry is made in house.  My Madeline was a little off in texture (not a tender crumb..or was it beginning to stale?), but the flavor was good.  Coffee's pretty good, but I felt the steamed milk fell flat.  

The atmosphere is truly cozy as everyone else pointed out.  All types of seating, as well. Friendly staff.  I can understand why it's a favorite.

I think it may benefit these guys to focus on just a few great pastries and keeping higher fresh turnover, than having the wide variety...but that's just my 2 cents.
The coffee is delicious, but if you don't like the beans they're brewing that day, they'll make you a cup to order. Which is awesome, except that you might not remember to drink it once you taste a muffin. I don't even like muffins, but they're that good!

It really doesn't matter, though: I've only been here 3 times (all weeks apart), but they still treat me like a regular and remember what I like (and seem genuinely distressed to not remember my name, even though they've barely seen me!). Service that good is hard to come by, so it's amazing that the coffee and food are so good too!
This was a very lovely, cute little coffee place.  It was quite slow when we arrived (which we are fine with), there were only two other people in there working on computers/writing.  This was our breakfast spot for the day (9/7/13) and although the panini press was not ready/turned on, the very lovely man behind the counter said it would not be a problem to make our paninis, it would just take a little longer for the grill to heat up.  That was very sweet of him to make us paninis at 10 am, about 2 hours before they usually make them.  Being out of towners, we had no idea what time they served what, but were very glad he was so friendly.  

The husband and I also bought a pecan bar(mmm), a cowboy cookie, a latte, and he ordered the turkey panini, and I had the mediterreanean panini.  Everything was so great, (especially the panini bread, that was delicious).  

I am glad we had coffee/food here.  It was so inviting and friendly and a very relaxing, enjoyable place.  

It seems like a lovely neighborhood gem.
I stopped in here on a Saturday morning to grab some coffee before heading to NYC. I opted for a black coffee w/the red eye - two shots of espresso. Coffee was good and service was friendly. The place was pretty quiet inside and seemed nice. I did not try the food, but will if I stop back again.

I found this place through yelp - I was at 30th street station and looking for coffee that wasn't Dunkin, Starbucks, etc.
I've only ever taken their baked goods to go.  You can tell that everything is homemade and that they use high quality ingredients.  However, most of the times that I've gone their the pastries have been stale.  Their rugelach is great if its fresh, otherwise its mediocre.  I've also had an old, dry cookie, and today I had a profiterole that was hard and crunchy. It's too bad.  Service is friendly but I wouldn't go back again.
My new favorite coffee shop in the city! Their coffee and baked goods are delicious. The staff is very friendly and they'll always greet you with a smile. Great atmosphere as well, with comfortable couches in the back and beautiful artwork on the walls. 

The only drawbacks are that they close relatively early (5:30pm) and their not open on Sundays. But Nook is a winner in every other way.
Followed yelp and it led me here.  Delicious espresso pulled by Mike. So sweet and mild, one of the few times not wanting to add sugar or cream. Very delicious coffee. 
I always visit when I'm in town.
Not a lot of seating, not too many options for snacks/small bites to eat...tables and chairs are uncomfortable, and the wifi is slow as well.
Cute cafe, many different coffee styles for both hot and iced coffees. They have healthy food as well as desserts and treats. The owner is always there and she is genuinely very nice.
Nook is my favorite cafe in Philadelphia: the owners are very nice, personable and attentive to their customers; the regulars & owners are on a first name basis; the space is  well-used, feels full but not crowded, and is tastefully decorated; it draws a diverse clientele; and of course their delicious pastries are baked on site, so it is possible to get them right from the oven earlier in the day. I take as many friends here as possible.
I just finished my chai latte from Nook and I have 2 things to say. 
1. I like how I ordered a small and it was a small...no tall or other size names. 
2. I really wish I gotten a large because it was delicious. 

The inside of Nook is cozy and it has paintings that appear to be for sale on the walls, I'm assuming from local artists. 

I will definitely go back to Nook when I want anything other then plain coffee. I hope more people will stop by instead of going to Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts a few stores away.
Great things about Nook:

-Amazing atmosphere. I forget that I'm sitting on a crowded city street.
-Great coffee and awesome chai tea lattes.
-Fresh and delicious food. You can tell that it was made with care. (The Mac & Cheese is to die for!)
-Free wifi, great for those days when you need to get out of the office/studio and work a little.
-They are super attentive. After only two or three times of coming, they remembered that I take soy in my drinks, and remind me when I forget. :)

The only bad thing I have to say (if you can even call it that) is that I wish there were more outlets by the tables.
Truffles. Coffee Cake. Cupcakes. Breads. Nook offers them all...and some sunshine to help you study.

But the chairs are kind of hard.
Extremely friendly server working the register. Cozy place with comfortable indoor seating. No outdoor seating. Large selection of muffins. The gluten-free corn and blueberry muffin was very good. It was moist and had a lot of berries. My cappuccino was served in a China mug with a foam heart. It had a thick foam. Excellent choice, and a MUCH shorter line than the nearby Bucks. Give this a chance!!
Great place to sit, chat, work. It's never too busy or loud. And most importantly, the owner is almost as sweet as her pastries. 
Lemon raspberry bar was delicious-- a balanced tartness and sweetness, with a gooey middle and soft, buttery crust that sticks together when you put a fork through. 
They make their own pastries AND chocolate. I wasn't too blown away by the dark and stormy chocolate that I tried but I'll keep giving it a shot. 
The panini I had was small but tasty and pretty healthy. However the "side salad" is literally a handful of bagged spinach. 

Definitely making this a go to for coffee and pastries.
I stopped by here again today, my fifth Nook visit, and left with such a "5-star" vibe that I had to update this review. Like others have said, the people that work here actually recognize you and take note. I walked in today and the barista grabbed a cup and said "large vanilla latte with whole milk?" and my jaw must have been on the floor. No one has ever remembered my drink for me before! 

I also decided to try a baked good for the first time today since I know they are all made in-house. I got the omega muffin with berries and chia seeds and it was perfect! I only allow myself one visit a week, but this place makes me so happy. I love you, Nook! Someday I want to stand on the corner a block away and yell at all the people with their stupid Starbucks cups to come try you instead! Whoops- did I just say that?
Quiet, good lighting, floor to ceiling windows, wifi, great art by locals, and places to sit with tables. Nice soft tunes like Cat Powers and Norah Jones, with jazzy covers of popular rock songs. 

Had a spinach and mushroom quiche with salad, only $5, hot and delicious. Iced chai non-fat latte? Wish I ordered one size up, $3.50.

Clean place, friendly service.
Just look at the pictures - nothing else really needs to be said.   Amazing.  Just amazing.  My favorite coffee shop with the most amazing bakery.  And the owners are super friendly, accommodating, welcoming!  This shop seriously keeps getting better with time - they now roast their own beans and make their own beautiful truffles.  I can't say enough good things about this place.  Everyone needs to stop going to the crappy Starbucks around the corner and come here instead.
It's my husband who is obsessed with this place, but I must say I am a huge fan as well of the pour over - even if I can't make it in as often as he can as he works within walking distance.  

Mike and Edna couldn't be nicer or more knowledgeable.  Not just a good cup of coffee, but a truly enjoyable coffee experience.  Baked goods are delicious and store is somewhere you really want to sit down and stay awhile.  I always look forward to coming back.
Nook graciously supported my kids old day care and donated 24 mini cupcakes.
I won them - and used them for my child's first grade class.  They were the perfect size and came in chocolate and vanilla.  Cute sprinkles on top, too.

Will definitely come back for more cupcakes and to try the coffee drinks.

Excellent, friendly service.

We are thankful for their support and yummy treats,
I still want to toot the horn about the baked goods. As I mentioned in my original review, Edna baked our wedding cake and cupcakes. Not wanting to stray too far from tradition, we saved the rest of our personal wedding cake and had some at our 1-month wedding anniversary as well as our 6-month wedding anniversary. My husband and I were amazed that, after 6 months, the frozen cake was STILL moist and delicious (once we defrosted it, of course). A lot of couples I have talked to say that their cake is just gross at the 1 year mark. I have no doubt that ours will be delicious, because Edna is a baking phenom.
This review only covers the Japanese Matcha Latte with soy milk, which was delicious! 

I have heard the brownies and coffee are great as well and I plan on returning soon.
Best coffee and pastries in PHILA!! Wish I lived closer! :)
Really cute, quaint coffee shop offering both chocolates and coffee.

Atmosphere: The couches made the area felt very cozy and friendly, and they offer desks and electrical outlets too for anyone who needs to do work. When I came in the afternoon, the shop was relatively quiet, which is great for getting work done. With the additional comfy seating they offer, it's a really nice place to catch up with friends as well!

Food: Personally, I thought the latte I got was average and tasted a bit diluted, so I probably wouldn't go back for their drinks. The coffee did come out very quickly, though. Also, they did have a really cute assortment of all their chocolates, including hand-made truffles, which I would love to try next time! The assortment of pastries included several gluten-free options (predominantly fudge) that looked delicious, and very affordable ($1-2). 

Overall: , mostly for the atmosphere and variety of pastry options they offered! I think there are better places in the city for coffee, but I'd come back to try their desserts.
The former Walnut Bride cafe is now located a block away from me.  All I can say is "Hallelujah".  Their baked goods are as good as it gets.  I actually don't drink coffee,but my husband gives their iced coffee and iced lattes an A+.  I like the iced tea a lot as well.  The other day I bought lunch to take home-- a phenomenal high-crusted quiche with a little salad. Yum,yum.  The owners are exceptionally helpful and friendly and the baristas seem nice as well.  Regarding the decor, the walls are no longer empty--- beautiful, bright, colorful paintings abound.  I appreciate that the space is larger so it doesn't feel crowded. Also big enough for baby strollers.... My friend evaluated the chocolate chip scone the best she ever tasted!!
TL;DR - My favorite place in Philly - great coffee, excellent baked goods and the friendliest small business owners you can find.

Over time, perhaps I've become biased. I've been coming to Nook for coffee, breakfast, snacks and treats for so long now that I may just love the place by default. But in reality, everyone I bring here falls in love too - the friendly service, the unique artwork adorning the walls, great coffee...and wildly good food.

I keep most of my drinks simple here - coffee hot & iced, with the occasional iced tea or latte. I'm never let down - Mike is a coffee connoisseur and it shows.

But in Center City Philly, there are no shortages of great places to get coffee. Beyond the friendliness of the owners (Mike & Edna), it's the food that sets Nook apart.

The muffins and scones are excellent when you want something a bit heartier. The bars and cookies (especially the cowboy cookie) are delicious treats. We order our Thanksgiving pies here too - they're not cheap, but they earn rave reviews. When you need to go a bit healthier, the Swiss Muesli is heaven.

You won't be disappointed!
Best coffee in the city and a really friendly staff.  The pour over style gives a really rich flavor that is worth waiting the extra five minutes.  With regards to specialty drinks, the Cortado is really nice.  They also have their iced coffee in both their Nook Blend and a Costa Rican Blend that works really well.
Nook is my go-to spot when I want to get a couple hours of work in, but the seating and outlet access can be very limited. They have a good Chai tea latte as well as an assortment of food to hold you over, and the staff is always friendly.
I was looking for a quiet coffee shop near Rittenhouse and Nook is quickly becoming my favorite place.  Empty on the weekdays and not nearly as crowded as La Colombe or Starbucks on the weekend, they stick to a simple formula: high quality coffee drinks and delicious homemade pastries.  So far, I've tried the banana muffin and pecan coffee cake which were both amazing (buttery, but not too sweet).  The french press coffee is just ok, but the espresso drinks are done with care and the quality is as high as any place in Center City.
Nook has amazing customer service.  It only took a few visits before Edna knew my name.  She always greets people by name and a smile.  She also remembers typical drink orders! 

The coffee and drinks are great.   

I highly recommend trying their food too.  The turkey sandwich and mac and cheese are my favorite.  I have had the other sandwiches and quiche too; it is all good.  As for the desserts, you can't go wrong. I was lucky enough to get a special order chocolate cake for my birthday - it was amazing.
Love this place. Great responsible coffee, delicious baked goods. A visit is not complete without one of their little quiches. Devine.

The atmosphere is quiet and homey.  A favorite place for me to work when I just want to be out of the house but not in a hectic coffee-shop-du-jour.  The staff are nice and friendly, though not the fastest.  This is not the place to go if you're in a rush for an in/out fast-frappe latte.
Great cafe. Tons of fun baked goods with vegan and gluten free options. There is plenty of space to sit and do work and the drinks are reasonably priced. 

I got a delicious lemon/raspberry bar and an iced tea for around $6 total which is a steal in Center City. The barista was very kind and they have a solid WiFi connection for customers.

Overall, solid coffee shop.
I'm definitely a regular at Nook. It's a block away from my office, so a small crew of us go there 3-4 times a week. The baked goods are exceptional! In fact, it's a challenge to leave Nook with only coffee. My absolute favorite muffin is the Omega 3 - which has berries and walnuts. The fig and almond muffin is also very tasty. Both pair perfectly with coffee. And what's cool, is they offer a "vintage" selection, which is pastries from the day prior at half the price. I'm glad they don't throw these baked beauties in the trash after the day is through. I always check the vintage section first, because they still taste great, just a tad drier than those baked day-of. The staff is awesome too - very friendly - and always smiling!
Nothing beats amazing coffee and homemade baked goods. The only thing that tops it is when love flows through the whole establishment, which it does. There is no reason to ever go to chain coffee shops with this gem around!
Nook is a super cute coffee bar recently opened by the former owners of the Walnut Bridge Coffee House.   Despite Walnut Bridge's overpriced menu, I did love their coffee, attention to detail, and beautiful display of petit fours.  

The petit fours are gone, replaced by baked goods I've yet to try.  Everything smelled wonderful. 

My coffee?  Not so great.  The One Village Coffee is made in a french press, then held in thermoses for keeping.  I found my cup to be surprisingly weak and watery despite a plunge in the press.  By using freshly roasted beans, they have a lot of control over acidity levels and keep these relatively low, but body was severely lacking in this cup o' joe.  I'll give it another shot -- they're nice people and the baked goods still smell great...   Let's call this 3.5...
A great, quiet neighborhood cafe that I've probably walked by dozens of times on my way up or down 20th Street.

It was quiet and almost empty on a recent Saturday afternoon - perfect for some sketching, a cup of coffee, and a casual meeting.

Service was extremely friendly - and some neighborhood regulars seemed to come in and were all greeted by the friendly and welcoming staff.
Right around the corner from my office, Nook is a convenient destination for that mid afternoon I need to take a walk before I fall asleep at my desk moment.  Have tried a couple versions of their iced tea and particularly enjoyed the green tea with citrus--super refreshing when its hot outside.  From the bakery case I tried the cream cheese brownie.  Good but not fabulous for me.  Will have to go hack for the muffins since everyone is raving about them!  Service was incredibly friendly and that was much appreciated!
If you are looking for cute little cafes in the city, you just found one! Nook is the perfect name for the place because it is literally a little nook in the big city. I work around the corner from Nook Cafe and am always pleasantly surprised by what a nice escape it is from the hustle and bustle of the city.

Whenever I go to Nook the staff are always genuinely friendly, a rare treat in Philadelphia. Most cafes in the area don't really care how I am doing but the baristas at Nook always ask and make small talk. They are really sweet.

I have to admit, I didn't like the decaf espresso that I had. I am not sure why it just tasted a little "bleh". The other foods look pretty good, I just never had them. They offer all kinds of sweets that look like they go really well with your morning cup of coffee. If I needed a place to sit down for a snack with some coffee and do work on my computer or have an informal meeting I would definitely consider Nook.
I love love love Nook! So cozy, comfy, well lit, and offer some delicious drinks and pastries! I love the green tea latte and chai :). Edna makes REALLY good pastries and the quiches are great too :D.
